There won't be an Arab Spring in Algeria.
There won't be an alternative.
There won't be an internal revolt in Algeria.
There won't be any alternative.
There won't be any more lessons.
There won't be any more problems.
There won't be any more secrets between us.
There won't be any need for that.
There won't be any need to do that.
There won't be any snow today.
There won't be any surprises.
There won't be anything left.
There won't be anything like that.
There won't be chaos in Algeria.
There won't be chaos in Kabylie.
There won't be elections. This task will be done by AI.
There won't be enough food for everyone.
There won't be enough time to do that.
There won't be enough water for everyone.
There won't be massive job losses in Algeria.
There won't be much more.
There won't be nothing much, but please come by my house this evening.
There won't be so many people there.
There won't be social chaos in Algeria.
There won’t be any clouds.
There would be no ISIS without George W. Bush.
There would be no New China without the communist party.
There would be no competition.
There would be no difficulty in embellishing the exterior with suitable architectural enrichments, if it be desired, and I think that some improvement might be effected in the parapet of the tower.
There would be no motivation to get out of bed if it weren't for her.
There would be no one around to hear Matthew.
There would be no one to come to Matthew's immediate aid.
There would not be such a difficult thing.
There wouldn't be a way to go.
There yet?
There you are again.
There you are at last!
There you are!
There you are! I have been looking all over for you.
There you are, I knew it!
There you are, my darling.
There you are, my dear.
There you are, my sweetheart.
There you are.
There you can find information about a lot of magazines.
There you find the most beautiful girls and the best beer.
There you go again with your bullshit.
There you go again with your complaints.
There you go again.
There you go!
There you go, you've now finished college.
There you go.
There you have it all in a nutshell, Watson, and if you can give me any light I shall be infinitely obliged to you.
There you have it.
There you see the gate that Mr. Jones built.
There you see the gate which Mr Jones built.
There you were!
There you will find explanations that are more precise and reliable than the explanations I can give.
There you will find many short stories.
There you'll find a big intersection with traffic lights.
There you've hit a false address.
There! She comes!
There! That wasn't long, was it?
There! That wasn’t long, was it?
There'd be no reason to ask that question.
There'll always be someone who knows more than you and someone who knows less than you. The world's too big for that not to happen.
There'll always be someone who'll need our protection.
There'll be a concert in the park next Sunday.
There'll be a concert next Monday.
There'll be a give way sign at a turning onto another road.
There'll be a lot of expenses.
There'll be a lot of shooting stars to see this evening.
There'll be a maths test tomorrow.
There'll be a new moon next week.
There'll be a party at Tom's on October 20th.
There'll be a problem.
There'll be a storm tonight.
There'll be a widespread frost tonight.
There'll be ample.
There'll be another chance.
There'll be another opportunity.
There'll be booze.
There'll be coffee and cake at five.
There'll be drought everywhere.
There'll be enough food for everyone.
There'll be enough wind to sail.
There'll be foggy conditions on your commute this morning.
There'll be light entertainment.
There'll be lots of explaining to do.
There'll be more opportunities, I promise!
There'll be more than enough.
There'll be more than three hundred guests.
There'll be more.
There'll be no change.
There'll be no classes on October 20th.
There'll be no one in the house.
There'll be no post tomorrow.
There'll be no second chances.
There'll be no way of explaining it.
There'll be no way to explain it.
There'll be other times.
There'll be plenty of shooting stars to see this evening.
There'll be plenty of time for questions later.
There'll be plenty of time for that later.
There'll be plenty of time to talk later.
There'll be plenty.
There'll be quite a lot of scenes like this in the next few programs.
There'll be standing room only.
There'll be ten people there with you.
There'll be ten people with you.
There'll be trouble.
There'll be twenty people there at most.
There'll come a day when that'll happen.
There'll come a day when you'll enjoy doing that.
There'll come a day when you'll have to do that.
There'll come a day when you'll need to do that.
There'll come a day when you'll regret doing that.
There'll come a day when you'll regret it.
There'll come a day when you'll want to do that.
There'll have to be changes.
There'll have to be some changes made.
There'll never be an ideal situation.
There'll soon be more cars than people.
There're a lot of Japanese restaurants in Hawaii.
There're a lot of stars in the darkness above.
There're clean sheets under the bed.
There're different interests.
There're many rich Americans. On the other hand some Americans are very poor.
There're many suspects.
There're more people than usual today.
There're more than 100 people in the room.
There're my kids.
There're no guarantees.
There're no lights.
There're people who trust politicians.
There're sausages for breakfast.
There're two beds and a wardrobe in the room, nothing else.
There's God and energy.
There's Mary's new boy toy.
There's Mr Amzil.
There's Tokyo.
There's Tom coming through the yard.
There's Tom's bag.
There's Tom's car.
There's Tom.
There's Wiener Schnitzel in the canteen every Thursday.
There's a "Do not turn over" sign on the box.
There's a "Fragile" sticker on the box.
There's a "Play Next" feature that automatically plays the next track in a playlist.
There's a "beware of dog" sign on every fence in my neighborhood.
There's a 100% chance of rain.
There's a 25 percent discount.
There's a BMI checkpoint ahead. They're calculating people's BMI and making them pay a fat tax.
There's a BMW parked out front.
There's a French word for how I'm feeling, but I can't remember what it is.
There's a Hong Kong film about eating placenta.
There's a Mr Kay who wants to see you.
There's a Passover custom to hide half a matzo, which is called "Afikoman", and the child who finds it is entitled to ask for an expensive present in return for it.
There's a Starbucks on your starboard bow.
There's a Swedish embassy in Washington D.C.
There's a TV in that classroom.
There's a Thomas Jackson in the novel Agnes Grey by Anne Brontë.
There's a Turkish student at Magdalena's school. His name is Reşit.
There's a baby asleep in the cot.
There's a back entrance.
There's a bad atmosphere at the party conference.
There's a bad smell coming from your private parts.
There's a bad smell in the conference room.
There's a bad smell outside.
There's a bait shop in my neighborhood.
There's a bakery on Park Street.
There's a balance between touting the equal merit of everything and being closed-mindedly opinionated, that I'm still trying to find.
There's a balloon inside the balloon.
There's a band at my school.
There's a bank about a hundred metres from the library.
There's a bank across from the hotel.
There's a bank in front of the hotel.
There's a bank in front of the station.
There's a bank on the corner.
There's a bank opposite the station.
There's a banquet I have to go to tonight.
There's a bar at the hotel.
There's a barbershop across the road.
There's a barbershop across the street.
There's a basket under the table.
There's a bat on the ceiling in my office!
There's a bathroom and a TV in every room.
There's a beach party tonight.
There's a bean on the floor.
There's a bear crossing the highway.
There's a bear outside.
There's a bear right behind you.
There's a bear stalking us.
There's a beautiful blanket on the bed.
There's a beautiful blue jay nearby.
There's a beautiful bridge over the pond.
There's a beautiful house plant growing in our living room.
There's a beautiful house plant in our living room.
There's a beautiful houseplant in our living room.
There's a beautiful meadow behind the house.
There's a beautiful river on the other side of the park.
There's a beautiful view from here.
There's a beautiful walk along the river.
There's a beautiful wildflower meadow behind the house.
There's a beauty parlor next to the station.
There's a beauty salon next to the station.
There's a bed in every room.
There's a bench on the balcony.
There's a better explanation.
There's a better way to approach this.
There's a better way to do that.
There's a better way to word this.
There's a big black truck parked in your driveway.
There's a big bottle of aspirin in the medicine cabinet.
There's a big cherry tree in the garden.
There's a big crack in the wall.
There's a big difference between both.
There's a big difference between city and country life.
There's a big difference between frugality and stinginess.
There's a big difference between reading for pleasure and stimulation and reading for knowledge and education.
There's a big difference between theory and idea.
There's a big difference between this and that.
There's a big difference.
There's a big fatberg clogging up the sewer.
There's a big fly in the room.
There's a big fly on the ceiling.
There's a big forest behind the house.
There's a big gunfight in the middle of the movie and the sheriff gets killed.
There's a big hole in your sock.
There's a big hole.
There's a big marble fountain in the courtyard of that mosque.
There's a big package on the desk for you.
There's a big park close to where we live.
There's a big party at his place.
There's a big pile of mail on your desk.
There's a big problem.
There's a big restaurant right down the street.
There's a big sale in my bedroom right now. Clothes are 100% off!
There's a big ship in the sea.
There's a big sign.
There's a big storm coming.
There's a big storm on the way.
There's a big supermarket in my neighborhood.
There's a big supermarket in our neighbourhood.
There's a big supermarket near where we live.
There's a big supermarket not too far from Tom's.
There's a big supermarket round our way.
There's a big tree growing in front of my house.
There's a big wave coming.
There's a big, fat mouse in the mouth of the cat.
There's a bigger problem like that.
There's a bill collector at the door.
There's a bird atop that tree.
There's a bird on my dad's head.
There's a bird on that tree over there.
There's a bird over here.
There's a bird over there.
There's a bird singing in the cage, isn't there?
There's a birdbath in the garden.
There's a biscuit on the table.
There's a biscuit under the table.
There's a bit of a competition going on here.
There's a bit of a language barrier for us.
There's a bit of a wind today.
There's a bit of everything.
There's a bit of milk left.
There's a bit of truth in what he's saying.
There's a black SUV parked in front of Tom's house.
There's a black hat caught in the high tree top.
There's a black hole at the center of our galaxy.
There's a black sheep in every flock.
There's a blackbird nesting in the hedge.
There's a blackboard in the classroom.
There's a blanket in the back seat.
There's a blanket in the trunk.
There's a blind man looking for a shadow of doubt.
There's a blotch of ink in the table cloth.
There's a blue house next to the lake.
There's a blue stain on your trousers. I think it's ink.
There's a body in the trunk of the car.
There's a bogeyman under my bed!
There's a bomb in the box!
There's a bomb on board!
There's a bomb on the plane.
There's a boogeyman under my bed.
There's a book about dancing on the desk.
There's a book about dancing on the table.
There's a book here.
There's a book lying open on the desk.
There's a book on my desk.
There's a book on the desk about dancing.
There's a book on the table.
There's a book shop across from my house.
There's a book shop across the road from me.
There's a book under the table.
There's a book with me.
There's a book, a pencil, and a sheet of paper on the table.
There's a bookstore across from my house.
There's a bookstore across the street from my house.
There's a bookstore in front of that department store.
There's a bottle bank and a clothes-recycling bank on the corner of the street.
There's a bottle in the fridge.
There's a bottle in the refrigerator.
There's a bottle of white wine in the refrigerator.
There's a bottle on the table.
There's a bottle standing in the fridge.
There's a boulder blocking the mountain pass.
There's a bowling alley near my home.
There's a box inside the box.
There's a boy over there who could use your help.
There's a boy.
There's a brace of pistols for every mother's son of us, and if we can't carry this ship, with the crew at our back, it's time we were all sent to a young misses' boarding-school.
There's a bridge about a kilometer upriver.
There's a bridge about a kilometer upstream.
There's a bridge about a kilometre upstream.
There's a bridge about one kilometer up this river.
There's a bridge there.
There's a bright, sunlit part of every cloud.
There's a broken spoke on my bike.
There's a broken spring in the bed.
There's a brown recluse spider in the attic.
There's a bruise on my left leg.
There's a building under construction around the corner.
There's a bullseye in your windshield.
There's a bully at school.
There's a bumblebee in Elias's room.
There's a bunch of dust bunnies under the bed.
There's a bus every 30 minutes.
There's a bus every fifteen minutes.
There's a bus here every ten minutes.
There's a bus here.
There's a bus over there.
There's a bus stop close to our school.
There's a bus stop here.
There's a bus stop in front of our school.
There's a bus stop in front of the museum.
There's a bus stop near our school.
There's a bus stop neighbouring our school.
There's a bus stop right in front of my house.
There's a bus stop there.
There's a bus there.
There's a button missing from your jacket.
There's a button on the inner side of the door.
There's a cab outside waiting.
There's a cab waiting outside.
There's a cacophony coming from the building site across the road.
There's a cafe on the second floor.
There's a cafe on the third floor.
There's a café on the second floor.
There's a café on the third floor.
There's a cake inside the box.
There's a cake shop in the village.
There's a calendar hanging on the wall.
There's a calendar on my refrigerator.
There's a calendar on the desk.
There's a calendar on the wall over there.
There's a calendar over there.
There's a call for you.
There's a call for you. It's Tom.
There's a candlestick on the cupboard.
There's a car approaching.
There's a car coming.
There's a car in front of the church.
There's a car outside.
There's a car park for hikers at the foot of the mountain.
There's a car park for ramblers at the foot of the mountain.
There's a car parked in front of our garage.
There's a car parked in the middle of the road up ahead.
There's a carpet of bluebells flowering in the wood.
There's a carrot and a tomato in the bowl.
There's a castle in my town.
There's a castle on the mountain.
There's a cat in front of the gate.
There's a cat in my house.
There's a cat in the back alley.
There's a cat in the box.
There's a cat in the conference room.
There's a cat in the kitchen.
There's a cat in the tree.
There's a cat living in that shop.
There's a cat on my table.
There's a cat on the bed.
There's a cat on the chair.
There's a cat on the desk.
There's a cat on the porch.
There's a cat on the table.
There's a cat on your porch.
There's a cat sitting at the CEO's desk.
There's a cat sitting on the chair.
There's a cat sitting on the table.
There's a cat sitting under the table.
There's a cat sleeping over there.
There's a cat there.
There's a cat under the desk.
There's a cat under the table.
There's a catch.
There's a cave on the promontory.
There's a certain British billionaire author who would sue me if I said what I wanted to say about her, and I don't have the money to fight the suit.
There's a certain pleasure in pointing out other people's errors.
There's a certain primal joy in building a fire.
There's a chair over there near the window.
There's a chance I can be there by 2:30.
There's a chance I'll die tomorrow.
There's a chance I'll go to Boston.
There's a chance Tom and Mary are in trouble.
There's a chance Tom came here when he was young.
There's a chance Tom didn't do what you asked him to do.
There's a chance Tom is here in the park somewhere.
There's a chance Tom is in trouble.
There's a chance Tom might know the answer.
There's a chance Tom might try to kill himself again.
There's a chance Tom was wrong.
There's a chance Tom will be late.
There's a chance Tom will be there today.
There's a chance Tom will be there.
There's a chance Tom will cry.
There's a chance Tom will do that.
There's a chance Tom will eat with us tonight.
There's a chance Tom will go to Boston with us.
There's a chance Tom will pass the exam.
There's a chance Tom will survive.
There's a chance Tom will win.
There's a chance Tom won't be able to do that.
There's a chance Tom won't be at work on Monday.
There's a chance Tom won't be at work on October 20th.
There's a chance Tom won't be there.
There's a chance Tom won't do that.
There's a chance Tom won't go to Australia with us.
There's a chance Tom won't know how to do that.
There's a chance Tom won't know what to do.
There's a chance Tom won't want this.
There's a chance Tom won't want to do that.
There's a chance Tom won't want to do this.
There's a chance Tom won't want you there.
There's a chance he won't play on Friday.
There's a chance it might be Tom.
There's a chance it'll rain today.
There's a chance it'll rain tomorrow.
There's a chance it'll rain.
There's a chance it'll snow tomorrow.
There's a chance it'll snow tonight.
There's a chance it'll snow.
There's a chance it'll work.
There's a chance it's real.
There's a chance that I can be there by 2:30.
There's a chance that I'll die tomorrow.
There's a chance that I'll go to Boston.
There's a chance that Mary might try to kill herself again.
There's a chance that Tom and Mary are here in the park somewhere.
There's a chance that Tom and Mary might try to kill themselves again.
There's a chance that Tom came here when he was young.
There's a chance that Tom didn't believe what Mary said.
There's a chance that Tom didn't do that.
There's a chance that Tom didn't do what you asked him to do.
There's a chance that Tom doesn't know what he supposed to do.
There's a chance that Tom has already done that.
There's a chance that Tom is here in the park somewhere.
There's a chance that Tom is in trouble.
There's a chance that Tom is waiting for us.
There's a chance that Tom might know the answer.
There's a chance that Tom might try to kill himself again.
There's a chance that Tom missed the bus.
There's a chance that Tom was wrong.
There's a chance that Tom will be late.
There's a chance that Tom will be there today.
There's a chance that Tom will be there.
There's a chance that Tom will come.
There's a chance that Tom will cry.
There's a chance that Tom will do that.
There's a chance that Tom will eat with us tonight.
There's a chance that Tom will go to Boston with us.
There's a chance that Tom will pass the exam.
There's a chance that Tom will win.
There's a chance that Tom won't be able to do that.
There's a chance that Tom won't be at work on Monday.
There's a chance that Tom won't be at work on October 20th.
There's a chance that Tom won't be here tomorrow.
There's a chance that Tom won't be there.
There's a chance that Tom won't do that.
There's a chance that Tom won't go to Australia with us.
There's a chance that Tom won't know how to do that.
There's a chance that Tom won't know what to do.
There's a chance that Tom won't want this.
There's a chance that Tom won't want to do that.
There's a chance that Tom won't want to do this.
There's a chance that Tom won't want you there.
There's a chance that it contains spoilers.
There's a chance that it'll rain today.
There's a chance that it'll rain tomorrow.
There's a chance that it'll rain.
There's a chance that it'll snow this evening.
There's a chance that it'll snow tomorrow.
There's a chance that it'll snow tonight.
There's a chance that it'll snow.
There's a chance that it'll work.
There's a chance that it's a trap.
There's a chance that it's real.
There's a chance that she might know the answer.
There's a chance that tap water may contain harmful substances like chlorine and lead.
There's a chance that that'll happen.
There's a chance that that'll work.
There's a chance that the rain will turn to snow during the night.
There's a chance that this might be Tom's.
There's a chance that we won't be there.
There's a chance that we won't meet again.
There's a chance that we'll be late.
There's a chance that we'll have to do that.
There's a chance that we'll need to do that.
There's a chance that what Tom said isn't true.
There's a chance that you won't like this book.
There's a chance that you'll get injured if you do it that way.
There's a chance that'll happen.
There's a chance that'll work.
There's a chance this might be Tom's.
There's a chance we won't be there.
There's a chance we won't meet again.
There's a chance we'll be late.
There's a chance we'll have to do that.
There's a chance we'll need to do that.
There's a chance you won't like this book.
There's a chance you'll get injured if you do it that way.
There's a change in the type of crimes.
There's a chapel on the mountain.
There's a cheap hotel close to the city.
There's a cheap hotel close to town.
There's a checkpoint at the border where they look in your trunk.
There's a chemist's in Park Street.
There's a cherry tree in the garden.
There's a child playing in the street.
There's a church across the street from my house.
There's a church across the street.
There's a church behind my house.
There's a church in the center of the village.
There's a church in the centre of the village.
There's a church in the middle of the village.
There's a church on the other side of the road.
There's a church on the other side of the street.
There's a clean one, sir.
There's a clear rejection of violence among Muslims.
There's a cockfight in the courtyard.
There's a cockroach in the bathroom.
There's a cockroach on the table.
There's a cockroach under the bed!
There's a cockroach under the bed.
There's a coffee shop in front of the station.
There's a coffee shop over there.
There's a coffee stain on your necktie.
There's a coffee stain on your tie.
There's a cold draught coming in through the door.
There's a cold wind from the north.
There's a cold wind today.
There's a collective effort among Muslims to oppose terrorism.
There's a comma missing, otherwise it's fine.
There's a comma missing.
There's a comparatively large cinema complex inside the mall.
There's a complete record of the storm in the ship's log.
There's a computer chip on the table.
There's a condition.
There's a conference coming up.
There's a conspiracy afoot.
There's a constant flow of traffic on this road.
There's a constant ringing in my ears.
There's a contradiction here.
There's a convenience store diagonally across the street.
There's a convertible parked in the drive.
There's a cop behind you.
There's a cop under the bridge.
There's a cop.
There's a corpse in the basement.
There's a couple here.
There's a couple sitting across from us.
There's a crack in my windshield.
There's a crack in the ceiling.
There's a crack in the cup so the contents are leaking.
There's a crack in the wall.
There's a crack in the window.
There's a crack in this bowl.
There's a crack in this cup.
There's a crack in this plate.
There's a crack in this wall.
There's a crack in your windshield.
There's a crazy atmosphere at Tom's party.
There's a crazy man with a carton of orange juice at the mall.
There's a crazy world.
There's a creek not too far from here.
There's a crop circle in the field.
There's a crown here.
There's a cup of warm water on the table.
There's a cupboard just next to the door.
There's a cure for everything, except death.
There's a curse on this house.
There's a cute guy in my yoga classes.
There's a dangerous dog in town.
There's a dark side to optimism.
There's a day left.
There's a dead animal on the carriageway.
There's a dead body under the cherry tree!
There's a deafening silence.
There's a deal to be had.
There's a death penalty for abandoning your post.
There's a debate about social disparity throughout Japan, but if you look at the world, this level of disparity is negligible.
There's a deception inherent to any politician's claim to represent a constituency.
There's a deep strain of anti-intellectualism in American history.
There's a deeper component at work.
There's a defect here.
There's a defect there.
There's a degree of stress in every job.
There's a delicious scent in the air. Can you smell it?
There's a delicious smell coming from the kitchen.
There's a delightful park in the center of town.
There's a dense fog advisory in effect.
There's a dentist on campus.
There's a desk in the corner of the room.
There's a dictionary on that bookshelf.
There's a dictionary on the desk.
There's a dictionary on the shelf.
There's a dictionary on the table.
There's a dictionary on top of the desk.
There's a difference between humility and humiliation.
There's a difference between silly and stupid.
There's a difference between the pride of the Pope living in his grand palace and the pride of people who are told every day to feel shame over who they are.
There's a difference but you can't see it.
There's a difference in the brands.
There's a difference in the duration of a football match between normal time and injury time.
There's a difference in the duration of a football match between normal time and stoppage time.
There's a difference.
There's a disparity of power in this world that can't be controlled.
There's a display board on the front of the tram which shows the destination.
There's a distinct difference between them.
There's a ditch on each side of the road.
There's a doctor on campus.
There's a documentary on today about steel barons.
There's a documentary on today that I absolutely want to see.
There's a dog barking in the next street.
There's a dog barking there.
There's a dog by the door.
There's a dog close by barking.
There's a dog following us.
There's a dog in our front garden.
There's a dog in our front yard.
There's a dog on the bridge.
There's a dog sleeping on the porch.
There's a dog!
There's a doghouse in Tom's backyard.
There's a doghouse in the yard.
There's a donut shop next to where I work.
There's a double rainbow!
There's a double standard here.
There's a double standard.
There's a draft coming from the window.
There's a draft here.
There's a draft in here.
There's a draft.
There's a draft. Shut the door.
There's a draught blowing.
There's a draught coming from the window.
There's a draught coming through the window.
There's a draught here.
There's a draught in here.
There's a draught.
There's a drinking fountain by the tennis court.
There's a drought in California.
There's a drought.
There's a drugstore on Park Street.
There's a duck on her shirt.
There's a duck on his shirt.
There's a faint rainbow over there to the right.
There's a fallout shelter in the basement of the library.
There's a false ceiling.
There's a false rumour going round that Tom has bought a casino in Cyprus.
There's a family room in the basement.
There's a famine.
There's a famous amphitheatre in Rome.
There's a famous book in English whose entire last chapter is a single sentence.
There's a famous case of a jackdaw nest in India that was composed entirely of gold spectacle frames.
There's a fan on the desk.
There's a fan on the table.
There's a fantastic view from the top of that tree.
There's a farm close by.
There's a fat chance of sunshine these days.
There's a fat spider on the ceiling.
There's a fear that the snow will strengthen amid the strong winter pressure pattern.
There's a fee for admission.
There's a fence about 400 yards away.
There's a fence around my house.
There's a fence around the house.
There's a ferry to the island three times a day.
There's a festival going on this weekend.
There's a festival in the village.
There's a few gazettes there, for you to read while you're waiting.
There's a few pints over there.
There's a fine crop of corn this year.
There's a fine line between assertiveness and aggression.
There's a fine line between being frugal and being cheap.
There's a fine line between bravery and stupidity.
There's a fine line between genius and insanity.
There's a fine line between genius and stupidity.
There's a fine line between love and hate.
There's a fine line between tax minimisation and tax avoidance.
There's a fine line between tax minimization and tax avoidance.
There's a fine line between what's acceptable and what's not.
There's a fine line between what's acceptable and what's unacceptable.
There's a fire down the hall.
There's a fire downtown.
There's a fire in my kitchen.
There's a fire in the building. We have to evacuate immediately.
There's a fire in the hold.
There's a fire in the oven.
There's a fire upstairs.
There's a fireplace in the living room.
There's a fireplace, but there's no firewood.
There's a first time for everything.
There's a fish.
There's a fishing lodge near Boston that I often go to.
There's a flaw in your argument.
There's a flaw in your logic.
There's a flood advisory in effect.
There's a flower at home.
There's a flower pot on the balcony.
There's a flower shop near by.
There's a fly in my soup.
There's a fly in the noodle broth.
There's a fly inside the fruit.
There's a fly on the ceiling.
There's a fog advisory this morning.
There's a fog on the road.
There's a food bank in the community centre.
There's a football match tomorrow.
There's a footprint.
There's a fork in the road here.
There's a fortune in the making for any hard worker.
There's a foul smell in the kitchen.
There's a fountain at the center of the park.
There's a fountain at the centre of the marketplace.
There's a fountain in front of the station.
There's a fountain in the center of the park.
There's a fountain in the middle of the garden.
There's a fountain in the middle of the marketplace.
There's a fountain in the square in front of the museum.
There's a fox running through the field.
There's a fox running through the park.
There's a free seat over here.
There's a free seat over there.
There's a friendly air around the office.
There's a friendly atmosphere at the company.
There's a frozen path.
There's a fucking mosquito in my room that only comes out in the dark.
There's a fuel shortage even in the Tokyo area.
There's a full moon out tonight.
There's a full moon today.
There's a full moon tonight.
There's a full stop missing from the end of the sentence.
There's a fundamental difference between your opinion and mine.
There's a funny smell coming from the engine of the car.
There's a funny smell in this room.
There's a gang of tough kids on this street.
There's a gap between the poor and the rich.
There's a gap in my memory.
There's a garden at the back of our house.
There's a garden at the front of the house.
There's a garden behind my house.
There's a garden behind our house.
There's a garden behind the house.
There's a garden in front of our house.
There's a garden round the back of the house.
There's a gas leak.
There's a gazebo in the garden.
There's a general feeling among the students here that something needs to change.
There's a general sense that something should be done about unemployment.
There's a genie in that bottle.
There's a gentleman downstairs who says that he wants to speak to you.
There's a gentleman here to see you.
There's a ghost in the mirror.
There's a giant fly on the ceiling.
There's a girl missing.
There's a girl wearing a Kabyle dress.
There's a girl—one of my friends, she says she is—who is always trying to imitate me.
There's a glass here.
There's a glass table with five chairs in the dining room.
There's a glimmer of hope in your words.
There's a global problem of comprehension.
There's a good article about the proposal on Wikipedia.
There's a good chance I won't be able to do that.
There's a good chance I won't be there on time.
There's a good chance Tom can't do that.
There's a good chance Tom doesn't know how to do that.
There's a good chance Tom doesn't know what Mary has done.
There's a good chance Tom has to do that.
There's a good chance Tom knows what to do.
There's a good chance Tom may leave on Monday.
There's a good chance Tom missed the train.
There's a good chance Tom needs to do that.
There's a good chance Tom was the one who did that.
There's a good chance Tom will ask Mary to help him do that.
There's a good chance Tom will ask Mary to help him.
There's a good chance Tom will ask Mary to the dance.
There's a good chance Tom will be arrested for doing that.
There's a good chance Tom will be chosen.
There's a good chance Tom will be elected.
There's a good chance Tom will be fined for doing that.
There's a good chance Tom will be fired for doing that.
There's a good chance Tom will be here this afternoon.
There's a good chance Tom will be in Boston next week.
There's a good chance Tom will be late.
There's a good chance Tom will be punished for doing that.
There's a good chance Tom will be punished for what he did.
There's a good chance Tom will be the new manager.
There's a good chance Tom will be the next manager.
There's a good chance Tom will be there.
There's a good chance Tom will come.
There's a good chance Tom will do that for us.
There's a good chance Tom will do that tomorrow.
There's a good chance Tom will do that with Mary.
There's a good chance Tom will do that.
There's a good chance Tom will know how to do that.
There's a good chance Tom will lose the race.
There's a good chance Tom will move to Boston next year.
There's a good chance Tom will need help doing that.
There's a good chance Tom will pass today's exam.
There's a good chance Tom will refuse to do that.
There's a good chance Tom will win the race.
There's a good chance Tom will win.
There's a good chance Tom won't ask Mary to the dance.
There's a good chance Tom won't be at the meeting.
There's a good chance Tom won't be there.
There's a good chance Tom won't do that.
There's a good chance Tom won't know how to do that.
There's a good chance Tom won't like that.
There's a good chance Tom won't like the kind of music your band plays.
There's a good chance Tom's father doesn't know that Tom is here.
There's a good chance gasoline prices will go up.
There's a good chance it'll rain tomorrow.
There's a good chance it'll rain.
There's a good chance it'll snow.
There's a good chance our prices will be going up next month.
There's a good chance taxes will increase.
There's a good chance that I won't be able to do that.
There's a good chance that Jane will come.
There's a good chance that Tom can't do that.
There's a good chance that Tom doesn't know how to do that.
There's a good chance that Tom doesn't know what Mary has done.
There's a good chance that Tom has to do that.
There's a good chance that Tom knows what to do.
There's a good chance that Tom missed the train.
There's a good chance that Tom needs to do that.
There's a good chance that Tom was the one who did that.
There's a good chance that Tom will ask Mary to help him do that.
There's a good chance that Tom will ask Mary to help him.
There's a good chance that Tom will ask Mary to the dance.
There's a good chance that Tom will be arrested for doing that.
There's a good chance that Tom will be chosen.
There's a good chance that Tom will be elected.
There's a good chance that Tom will be fined for doing that.
There's a good chance that Tom will be fired for doing that.
There's a good chance that Tom will be here this afternoon.
There's a good chance that Tom will be in Boston next week.
There's a good chance that Tom will be late.
There's a good chance that Tom will be punished for doing that.
There's a good chance that Tom will be punished for what he did.
There's a good chance that Tom will be the new manager.
There's a good chance that Tom will be the next manager.
There's a good chance that Tom will be there.
There's a good chance that Tom will come.
There's a good chance that Tom will do that for us.
There's a good chance that Tom will do that tomorrow.
There's a good chance that Tom will do that with Mary.
There's a good chance that Tom will do that.
There's a good chance that Tom will know how to do that.
There's a good chance that Tom will lose the race.
There's a good chance that Tom will move to Boston next year.
There's a good chance that Tom will need help doing that.
There's a good chance that Tom will pass today's exam.
There's a good chance that Tom will refuse to do that.
There's a good chance that Tom will win the race.
There's a good chance that Tom will win.
There's a good chance that Tom won't ask Mary to the dance.
There's a good chance that Tom won't be at the meeting.
There's a good chance that Tom won't be there.
There's a good chance that Tom won't do that.
There's a good chance that Tom won't get here on time.
There's a good chance that Tom won't know how to do that.
There's a good chance that Tom won't like that.
There's a good chance that Tom won't like the kind of music your band plays.
There's a good chance that Tom's father doesn't know that Tom is here.
There's a good chance that gasoline prices will go up.
There's a good chance that he'll be chosen.
There's a good chance that he'll be elected.
There's a good chance that he'll be late.
There's a good chance that he'll come.
There's a good chance that it'll rain tomorrow.
There's a good chance that it'll rain.
There's a good chance that it'll snow tonight.
There's a good chance that it'll snow.
There's a good chance that our prices will be going up next month.
There's a good chance that taxes will increase.
There's a good chance that that'll happen today.
There's a good chance that that'll happen.
There's a good chance that this is Tom's umbrella.
There's a good chance that this year's rice crop will be up on last year's.
There's a good chance that we'll win.
There's a good chance that we've missed the bus.
There's a good chance that what Tom told you isn't true.
There's a good chance that won't happen.
There's a good chance that'll happen.
There's a good chance we'll win.
There's a good chance what Tom told you isn't true.
There's a good father.
There's a good movie screening today.
There's a good reason why children lie.
There's a good restaurant not too far from here.
There's a good restaurant not very far from here.
There's a good restaurant on Park Street.
There's a good selection of shops on the high street.
There's a good squatting scene here.
There's a good view from here.
There's a good view of Mt. Akagi from upstairs.
There's a good view of Mt. Fuji from upstairs.
There's a gradual disappearing of the power of the British Empire.
There's a grain of truth in every joke.
There's a grammatical mistake in that clause.
There's a grease spot.
There's a great Punjabi place nearby.
There's a great demand for gasoline.
There's a great demand for petrol.
There's a great difference between a theory and an idea.
There's a great restaurant around the corner.
There's a great scene in that old movie showing a Mexican standoff: all the men are ready to draw their guns if anyone else draws his gun, but nobody is willing to make the first move.
There's a great selection of food.
There's a great variety of creatures living in the sea.
There's a great view from the rooftop of that building. Want to go see?
There's a greater chance of passing rain showers around noon.
There's a green cube standing there.
There's a green umbrella here. Has anyone lost theirs?
There's a greengrocer's in this street.
There's a grocery store on this street.
There's a groundhog over there to the right.
There's a group of people running down the beach.
There's a group of ten boys here.
There's a growing debate in academic circles about what should be classified as cultural appropriation and what should be considered healthy cultural exchange.
There's a growing shortage of primary care physicians in the U.S.
There's a grueling uphill stretch of road at mile 23 of the marathon.
There's a guard coming.
There's a guy downstairs asking for you.
There's a guy in my yoga class.
There's a guy in there with a gun. I need backup.
There's a guy named Tom Jackson on death row.
There's a guy standing outside the polling station threatening people.
There's a hair in my sandwich!
There's a hair in my soup.
There's a hair in my tomato soup.
There's a hair in the soup.
There's a hall of residence at my university.
There's a heat advisory in effect until Monday evening.
There's a heavy price to pay for betraying Layla.
There's a heavy storm coming.
There's a helicopter waiting for us on the roof.
There's a hero, if you look inside your heart.
There's a hidden door in the library.
There's a hidden road on the left.
There's a highway you can take with no tolls that's just as quick as the turnpike.
There's a hole in his head.
There's a hole in it.
There's a hole in my coat.
There's a hole in my shirt.
There's a hole in my sock.
There's a hole in one of my pockets.
There's a hole in the bag.
There's a hole in the basket.
There's a hole in the bottom of the bucket.
There's a hole in the bucket.
There's a hole in the ceiling.
There's a hole in the floor.
There's a hole in the jeans.
There's a hole in the roof.
There's a hole in this bucket.
There's a hole in this sock.
There's a hole in this.
There's a hole in your jeans.
There's a hole in your shirt.
There's a hole in your stocking.
There's a homeless encampment there.
There's a homely atmosphere in this hotel.
There's a homicidal maniac on the loose!
There's a honeydew melon on the table.
There's a hornet in the kitchen.
There's a horrible mess in the garage.
There's a horse outside the door.
There's a hosepipe ban this summer.
There's a hotel across the street.
There's a hotel here.
There's a hotel not too far from the lake.
There's a hotel over there.
There's a hotel there.
There's a house behind the trees.
There's a huge black widow spider in my room!
There's a huge difference between "making oneself understood" and "completely mastering English."
There's a huge glare; we should watch it in the other room.
There's a huge hole in the wall.
There's a huge mark up on imported electronic goods.
There's a huge number of people there.
There's a huge spider in the room! Quick, exterminate it!
There's a hundred percent chance of rain.
There's a hut under the bridge.
There's a jar of pickles in the fridge.
There's a jewelry store not far from here.
There's a job opening at the store across the street.
There's a jungle next to the factories.
There's a key on the table.
There's a keyboard in her room.
There's a killer on the loose.
There's a kitten on our porch.
There's a kitten up a tree.
There's a kitty outside.
There's a label on the jar.
There's a ladder in the storeroom.
There's a ladder in the toolshed.
There's a ladder in your tights.
There's a ladder leaning against the garage wall.
There's a lady asking for you.
There's a lady downstairs who wants to speak to you.
There's a lake nearby where we can swim.
There's a large car park in front of the station.
There's a large carpet on the floor.
There's a large clock near the top of the tower.
There's a large dowry and plenty of gold; only love is missing.
There's a large fly in the room.
There's a large garden at the back of the house.
There's a large gingko tree that's said to be 800 years old inside the grounds of a nearby shrine.
There's a large hole in the wall.
There's a large library in our neighborhood.
There's a large mirror hanging above the sink.
There's a large number of hotels in tourist areas.
There's a large number of tourists in town.
There's a large park near where we live.
There's a large parking lot in front of the station.
There's a large pond in the park.
There's a large risk involved.
There's a large supermarket not far from here.
There's a large supermarket.
There's a large window that looks out onto the courtyard.
There's a laundromat in the basement of our apartment building.
There's a law that allows us to do that.
There's a leaf on the animal's head.
There's a leak in that pipe.
There's a leak in the roof that needs fixing.
There's a leak in the roof that needs to be fixed.
There's a leak in the roof.
There's a leak.
There's a lemon tree in my garden.
There's a letter for you.
There's a letter in the mailbox for you.
There's a letter on the desk.
There's a letter on the table addressed to you.
There's a letter on the table for you.
There's a letter on the table.
There's a library at the end of this street.
There's a library close to the mall.
There's a library downstairs from me.
There's a library under my house and I go there often.
There's a lid for every pot.
There's a lien on my house.
There's a lift over there.
There's a light at the end of the tunnel.
There's a light on on the first floor next door.
There's a light switch right inside the door.
There's a lightness in my heart after talking with him.
There's a line out the door.
There's a line outside the club.
There's a line outside the restaurant.
There's a lion right behind you.
There's a lion stalking us.
There's a little bird in my window.
There's a little bit of Lamborghini in everything I do.
There's a little bit of water in the glass.
There's a little black spot on the sun today.
There's a little coffee left in the pot.
There's a little coffee left.
There's a little cream in the fridge.
There's a little hope Tom will succeed.
There's a little hope that Tom will succeed.
There's a little milk left in the bottle.
There's a little money in the bag.
There's a little pie left.
There's a little piece of plastic in my coffee!
There's a little pond in the garden.
There's a little problem with the car.
There's a little restaurant in Park Street where we used to eat.
There's a little restaurant on Park Street where we used to eat.
There's a little tea left in the pot.
There's a little time before the train departs.
There's a little water in the bucket.
There's a little water left in the glass.
There's a little water left in the pitcher.
There's a little whiskey in this bottle.
There's a little whisky in this bottle.
There's a little wind.
There's a live stream scheduled tomorrow.
There's a lizard under the refrigerator.
There's a local bakery here that sells gluten-free bread.
There's a logical answer to every problem.
There's a logical explanation for everything.
There's a lone okapi in the enclosure.
There's a long line at every cash register.
There's a long line for this attraction.
There's a long list of ingredients we need to buy.
There's a long list of people who want to do that.
There's a long queue at each cash desk.
There's a long queue at each checkout.
There's a long queue at every cash desk.
There's a long queue at every cash machine.
There's a long queue at every checkout.
There's a long road between our houses.
There's a long story surrounding it.
There's a long way to go before these planks of wood become a piece of furniture.
There's a loose button on your shirt.
There's a lot I have to learn.
There's a lot I still don't know about my job.
There's a lot I want to talk to you about.
There's a lot I would do if I had the money.
There's a lot at stake.
There's a lot going on here today!
There's a lot going on.
There's a lot happening.
There's a lot left to be done.
There's a lot left to talk about.
There's a lot more so help yourself.
There's a lot more to discover.
There's a lot more to learn.
There's a lot more to see.
There's a lot more to the story.
There's a lot more to you besides your looks.
There's a lot more work to do.
There's a lot more work we need to do.
There's a lot of animals in the park.
There's a lot of anticipation.
There's a lot of big game in that forest.
There's a lot of castles in Castile.
There's a lot of chit-chat.
There's a lot of coffee left in the pot.
There's a lot of competition in business.
There's a lot of competition.
There's a lot of cool stuff in Boston.
There's a lot of crazies in the library.
There's a lot of crockery on the table.
There's a lot of danger during a big storm.
There's a lot of dangerous stuff in this warehouse.
There's a lot of demand.
There's a lot of difference between the way men do that and the way women do that.
There's a lot of difference.
There's a lot of dirty dishes in the sink.
There's a lot of drama in my family.
There's a lot of dust in the air.
There's a lot of dust in the attic.
There's a lot of evidence to consider.
There's a lot of evil hidden in romanticism.
There's a lot of evil in the world.
There's a lot of excitement.
There's a lot of familiar words.
There's a lot of fearmongering over autonomous vehicles taking away trucking jobs, but the technology is far from ready for mass implementation.
There's a lot of filth in this city.
There's a lot of flu about.
There's a lot of flu going around now.
There's a lot of food available.
There's a lot of food in the pantry.
There's a lot of food left.
There's a lot of food on the table.
There's a lot of food.
There's a lot of frogs in this pond.
There's a lot of fruit.
There's a lot of furniture in the room.
There's a lot of furniture in this room.
There's a lot of glare.
There's a lot of gold stashed away in that fortress, if you know where to look.
There's a lot of gossip about her lately.
There's a lot of grass in our garden, and there are many pretty flowers and tall trees.
There's a lot of greenery in Tokyo Midtown!
There's a lot of hail damage to your car.
There's a lot of hypocrisy regarding that.
There's a lot of information already out there.
There's a lot of injustice in the world.
There's a lot of interesting stuff you can find if you scavenge in the scrapyard.
There's a lot of mess to clear up.
There's a lot of money at stake in this transaction.
There's a lot of money in the Olympics.
There's a lot of money involved.
There's a lot of monkeys in the park.
There's a lot of movie previews these days.
There's a lot of mussels lying on the beach.
There's a lot of nature there: a mountain range, a small river, and a great forest.
There's a lot of noise at the other end of the telephone line and I can't hear very well.
There's a lot of noise here.
There's a lot of noise in a typical city.
There's a lot of plastic bottles littered around vending machines.
There's a lot of pollen in the air today.
There's a lot of pollen in the air.
There's a lot of pollen today.
There's a lot of potential.
There's a lot of rain all the year round.
There's a lot of rain in June.
There's a lot of red tape involved in this procedure.
There's a lot of room for improvement.
There's a lot of room in here.
There's a lot of room left for improvement.
There's a lot of sand in the desert.
There's a lot of smoke.
There's a lot of snow in the park today.
There's a lot of snow in the winter.
There's a lot of snow.
There's a lot of stars to see at night in summer.
There's a lot of stuff in my office I never use.
There's a lot of stuff in my office that I never use.
There's a lot of stuff in our lo mein.
There's a lot of swelling and pus.
There's a lot of talk.
There's a lot of tension among the siblings.
There's a lot of tension in this room.
There's a lot of them, aren't there?
There's a lot of things that you might not know about Kabylie.
There's a lot of things to see and visit here.
There's a lot of tigers in the park.
There's a lot of tourists in town.
There's a lot of traffic around here.
There's a lot of traffic here in the mornings.
There's a lot of traffic on that street.
There's a lot of traffic on the freeway.
There's a lot of traffic on the roads around this time of the day.
There's a lot of traffic today.
There's a lot of traffic.
There's a lot of trash on the far bank of the river.
There's a lot of useful information on the internet.
There's a lot of water left.
There's a lot of wind this morning, isn't there?
There's a lot of wind.
There's a lot of work behind this.
There's a lot of work in the vineyard.
There's a lot of work left to be done.
There's a lot of work that's poorly paid or not paid at all.
There's a lot of work to be done!
There's a lot of work to be done.
There's a lot of work to do.
There's a lot of yellow flowers in the garden.
There's a lot on my mind.
There's a lot on the line.
There's a lot riding on this.
There's a lot she has left to learn.
There's a lot still to do.
There's a lot that is happening right now.
There's a lot that we still need to do.
There's a lot that's happening right now.
There's a lot they don't know.
There's a lot time to kill.
There's a lot to be told.
There's a lot to consider.
There's a lot to discuss today.
There's a lot to discuss.
There's a lot to do at the moment.
There's a lot to do in Boston.
There's a lot to do this afternoon.
There's a lot to do today.
There's a lot to do.
There's a lot to know when you're raising goats.
There's a lot to learn about Islam.
There's a lot to learn.
There's a lot to love about every religion.
There's a lot to prepare for.
There's a lot to see and do in Australia.
There's a lot to see and do in Boston.
There's a lot to see in Australia.
There's a lot to see in Boston.
There's a lot to see in Paris.
There's a lot to unpack here.
There's a lot to unpack there.
There's a lot we can agree on.
There's a lot we don't know.
There's a lot we still don't know.
There's a lot work to do today.
There's a lot you could teach me.
There's a lot you don't know about me.
There's a lot, but it's still not enough.
There's a lovely park in the centre of the town.
There's a lovely smell coming from the kitchen!
There's a lovely view from the bridge.
There's a magazine in my room.
There's a mailbox somewhere along this street.
There's a male cardinal at the bird feeder.
There's a man at the door who wants to see you at all costs.
There's a man at the door who wants to speak with you.
There's a man at the door who wants to talk to you.
There's a man at the door who's asking to speak with you.
There's a man at the gate who wants to see you.
There's a man downstairs saying he would like to speak with you.
There's a man here that wants to see you.
There's a man in your wardrobe.
There's a man selling food over there.
There's a man standing over there who hasn't stopped looking at us.
There's a man that I don't know in front of the house.
There's a man who's been standing over there looking at us the whole time.
There's a man who's been standing over there the whole time looking at us.
There's a man with a gun in his hand standing at the door.
There's a man with a gun over there.
There's a map on page three.
There's a map on the table.
There's a map on the wall.
There's a math test tomorrow, and you haven't even done the homework? You're doomed.
There's a math test tomorrow.
There's a mathematical concept that I don't understand. Could you explain it to me?
There's a maths test tomorrow.
There's a meadow beyond the cornfields.
There's a measles outbreak in Europe.
There's a meeting going on in the next room.
There's a meeting this afternoon that Tom needs to attend.
There's a message for you.
There's a message from Tom.
There's a message from her.
There's a message from him.
There's a message from them.
There's a method to my madness.
There's a milky white goop in my puppy's left eye.
There's a million dollars in that bag.
There's a mini mall on Park Street.
There's a minor error in that phrase.
There's a mirror as tall as a door in that room.
There's a mirror in that room, and it's as tall as a door.
There's a mirror on every wall.
There's a mirror on the wall.
There's a mirror.
There's a missing comma.
There's a mistake here.
There's a mistake in the bill.
There's a mistake in the third last line.
There's a mistake in the third-to-last line.
There's a mistake in this sentence.
There's a misunderstanding.
There's a mitigation in the translation.
There's a moat around the castle.
There's a money-back guarantee.
There's a monkey puzzle tree at the end of the garden.
There's a monster in my closet.
There's a monster under my bed.
There's a monster under the bed.
There's a monument in front of the museum.
There's a moose on the loose.
There's a moral to the story.
There's a mosque on the other side of the street.
There's a mosque on the other side.
There's a motion sensor in the corner.
There's a mouse in our house.
There's a mouse in the pantry.
There's a mouse under the bed.
There's a movement from a context to another.
There's a movie I want to watch on TV tomorrow night.
There's a movie theater on the corner.
There's a movie theatre on the east side of the plaza, about ten minutes walk from here.
There's a much darker and more cynical view of history that we can adopt. Human beings are too often motivated by greed and by power. Big countries for most of history have pushed smaller ones around. Tribes and ethnic groups and nation states have very often found it most convenient to define themselves by what they hate and not just those ideas that bind them together.
There's a multitude of hotels in tourist areas.
There's a mushroom.
There's a mustard stain on his tie.
There's a mystery here and I want to get to the bottom of it.
There's a myth that Edison invented the light bulb.
There's a myth that Hungarian salami is made from donkey meat.
There's a need for plain language in legal documents.
There's a nest in the tree hollow.
There's a new James Bond movie.
There's a new McDonald's up the street.
There's a new board of directors.
There's a new boy in school.
There's a new cat in the house, made of shadows.
There's a new climbing frame in the playground.
There's a new console out. It's called the Nintendo 64!
There's a new cure for your disease.
There's a new episode out.
There's a new episode.
There's a new exhibit at the museum that I'd love to go see.
There's a new girl in school.
There's a new golden tabby coming around our house.
There's a new hardware store next to the post office.
There's a new iPhone coming out next month so I think that it's not such a bright idea to buy one now.
There's a new industrial plant in the north of the city.
There's a new man in charge of the federal bank.
There's a new man in her life.
There's a new man in his life.
There's a new programmer in our department.
There's a new restaurant on Cherry Avenue.
There's a new restaurant on Park Street.
There's a new roundabout as you enter the village.
There's a new sheriff in town.
There's a new supermarket on Park Street.
There's a new survey.
There's a new woman in her life.
There's a new woman in his life.
There's a news conference scheduled for this afternoon.
There's a nice Thai restaurant near here.
There's a nice blue sky today.
There's a nice breeze here.
There's a nice park in the center of town.
There's a nice park in the centre of town.
There's a nice strawberry tree fruit.
There's a nice takeaway on the corner over there.
There's a nice thought.
There's a nice view from our balcony.
There's a niche market for Furbies.
There's a nigger in the woodpile.
There's a nightstand over there.
There's a ninety percent chance I'll win.
There's a no-smoking sign inside the restaurant.
There's a notice in our meeting room.
There's a package for Tom on my desk.
There's a package for you on the table.
There's a package for you.
There's a package in the mail for you.
There's a padlock on the door.
There's a page missing.
There's a painting on the wall.
There's a painting over the bookcase.
There's a pair of parrots screaming in the apple tree.
There's a pair of scissors in the top drawer.
There's a pair of trousers on your bed.
There's a papaya on the table.
There's a paper they want you to sign.
There's a paper towel holder next to the sink.
There's a parcel for you on the table.
There's a park behind our house.
There's a park behind the cinema.
There's a park in front of my house.
There's a park in the city centre.
There's a park in the middle of the city.
There's a park in the town centre.
There's a park near my house.
There's a park of sorts there.
There's a parking space a little further ahead.
There's a parrot in the birdcage.
There's a part of Ziri that's social.
There's a party after work.
There's a party at Tom's house tonight.
There's a party going on in the next room.
There's a party going on in the upstairs flat.
There's a party going on next door.
There's a party in the upstairs flat.
There's a party later tonight.
There's a party tomorrow night at Tom's.
There's a party tonight.
There's a patisserie in the village.
There's a patrol out now looking for skiers who may have been buried in the avalanche.
There's a pattern here.
There's a pawn shop down the street.
There's a pay phone in the hall outside Tom's office.
There's a pay phone over there.
There's a pea in my right nostril.
There's a peacock in the courtyard.
There's a pen between the apple and the book.
There's a pencil in the desk drawer.
There's a pencil on my desk that you can use.
There's a pencil on my desk you can use.
There's a pencil on the floor near your feet.
There's a perfectly good explanation.
There's a perfectly innocent explanation.
There's a pergola in the garden.
There's a person named Mr. Ito who wants to see you.
There's a pesky wrinkle on my shirt that I just can't get the iron to remove.
There's a pet store across the street from the post office.
There's a petrol station a kilometre down the road.
There's a petrol station a kilometre further up.
There's a petrol station about half a mile down the road.
There's a petrol station about half a mile further on.
There's a pharmacy in Park Street.
There's a pharmacy on Park Street.
There's a pheasant over there.
There's a phone call for you from Akemi.
There's a phone call for you from Tom.
There's a phone call for you!
There's a phone in my room.
There's a phone in the kitchen.
There's a photo album on the desk.
There's a photo of Tom on Mary's desk.
There's a photo of the bride and groom together on the invitation sent to friends.
There's a piano in the room.
There's a picture of Tom on the wall.
There's a picture on the wall.
There's a picture, but no sound.
There's a piece missing from the machine.
There's a piece missing from this puzzle.
There's a piece missing.
There's a pig in the sty.
There's a pigeon on the roof.
There's a pile of cash on the floor in the middle of Tom's office.
There's a pile of clothes scattered around the bedroom.
There's a pile of letters on my desk that I have to answer.
There's a pile of letters on the table.
There's a pitcher of orange juice on the table.
There's a place I'd like to show you.
There's a place called Kuchiwa in Hiroshima.
There's a place down the road that's pretty good.
There's a place for everybody.
There's a place for everything.
There's a place for us.
There's a place just down the road where you can rent rowboats by the hour.
There's a placement test next week.
There's a plan B.
There's a plan for easy languages.
There's a pleasing symmetry here: s[:i] + s[i:] is always equal to s.
There's a police officer at the door.
There's a police officer.
There's a policeman at the door.
There's a policeman outside who wants to see you.
There's a policeman outside.
There's a policeman over there.
There's a pond in our garden.
There's a pond in the middle of the forest.
There's a pond in the park.
There's a pool table in Tom's basement.
There's a poplar wood on the other side of the river.
There's a popular restaurant in the next street.
There's a population of bats that lives in the mine.
There's a possibility I might be in Australia next month.
There's a possibility I might be in Boston next year.
There's a possibility I might go to Australia next spring.
There's a possibility I might go to Boston next year.
There's a possibility I won't be able to do that.
There's a possibility I won't be chosen.
There's a possibility I won't be there on time.
There's a possibility I'll be killed.
There's a possibility I'll be the one who has to do that.
There's a possibility I'll die tomorrow.
There's a possibility I'll do that.
There's a possibility I'll get injured.
There's a possibility Tom got lost.
There's a possibility Tom is at Mary's.
There's a possibility Tom is in Boston.
There's a possibility Tom is out on the porch reading a book.
There's a possibility Tom is with his friends, but I don't think he is.
There's a possibility Tom isn't as happy as he seems.
There's a possibility Tom isn't going to be there.
There's a possibility Tom was murdered.
There's a possibility Tom was the one who did that.
There's a possibility Tom wasn't the one who did that.
There's a possibility Tom will be busy all day tomorrow.
There's a possibility Tom will be late.
There's a possibility Tom will be there.
There's a possibility Tom will do that.
There's a possibility Tom will use my bicycle.
There's a possibility Tom won't be able to do that.
There's a possibility Tom won't be there.
There's a possibility Tom won't do that.
There's a possibility Tom won't go to Australia with us.
There's a possibility Tom won't go to Boston with us.
There's a possibility Tom won't want to do that.
There's a possibility Tom won't want to go to Australia with us.
There's a possibility Tom won't want to go to Boston with us.
There's a possibility it'll rain tomorrow.
There's a possibility it'll snow tomorrow.
There's a possibility it's real.
There's a possibility of war.
There's a possibility our plans will change.
There's a possibility that I might be in Australia next month.
There's a possibility that I might be in Boston next year.
There's a possibility that I might go to Australia next spring.
There's a possibility that I might go to Boston next year.
There's a possibility that I won't be able to do that.
There's a possibility that I won't be chosen.
There's a possibility that I won't be there on time.
There's a possibility that I'll be in Boston next week.
There's a possibility that I'll be killed.
There's a possibility that I'll be the one who has to do that.
There's a possibility that I'll die tomorrow.
There's a possibility that I'll do that.
There's a possibility that I'll get injured.
There's a possibility that I'll get killed.
There's a possibility that I'll go to Boston.
There's a possibility that Tom got lost.
There's a possibility that Tom has already done that.
There's a possibility that Tom is at Mary's.
There's a possibility that Tom is in Boston.
There's a possibility that Tom is in the backyard.
There's a possibility that Tom is out on the porch reading a book.
There's a possibility that Tom is with his friends, but I don't think he is.
There's a possibility that Tom isn't as happy as he seems.
There's a possibility that Tom isn't going to be there.
There's a possibility that Tom left earlier.
There's a possibility that Tom was murdered.
There's a possibility that Tom was the one who did that.
There's a possibility that Tom wasn't the one who did that.
There's a possibility that Tom will be busy all day tomorrow.
There's a possibility that Tom will be late.
There's a possibility that Tom will be there.
There's a possibility that Tom will do that.
There's a possibility that Tom will use my bicycle.
There's a possibility that Tom won't be able to do that.
There's a possibility that Tom won't be here tomorrow.
There's a possibility that Tom won't be there.
There's a possibility that Tom won't do that.
There's a possibility that Tom won't go to Australia with us.
There's a possibility that Tom won't go to Boston with us.
There's a possibility that Tom won't want to do that.
There's a possibility that Tom won't want to go to Australia with us.
There's a possibility that Tom won't want to go to Boston with us.
There's a possibility that it'll rain tomorrow.
There's a possibility that it'll snow tomorrow.
There's a possibility that it'll snow tonight.
There's a possibility that it's real.
There's a possibility that our plans will change.
There's a possibility that rumor is true.
There's a possibility that she'll succeed.
There's a possibility that that rumor is true.
There's a possibility that that won't happen.
There's a possibility that that'll happen.
There's a possibility that the delay will frustrate Tom.
There's a possibility that the man was murdered.
There's a possibility that the meeting will be canceled.
There's a possibility that the price of coffee will go up.
There's a possibility that the schedule will change.
There's a possibility that we might win.
There's a possibility that we'll do that.
There's a possibility that we'll win.
There's a possibility that you'll have to do that.
There's a possibility that you'll need to do that.
There's a possibility that'll happen.
There's a possibility the meeting will be canceled.
There's a possibility the schedule will change.
There's a possibility we might win.
There's a possibility we'll do that.
There's a possibility we'll win.
There's a possibility you'll have to do that.
There's a possibility you'll need to do that.
There's a possum on the porch.
There's a post office at the end of the street.
There's a post office in front of the station.
There's a post office in the vicinity.
There's a postbox somewhere down this street.
There's a postcard here.
There's a pot of yoghurt in the fridge. Can I have it?
There's a praying mantis in the garden.
There's a price for freedom.
There's a price on her head.
There's a price on his head.
There's a price on my head for a murder I didn't do.
There's a price on our heads.
There's a printer in the corridor.
There's a problem I have to talk to you about.
There's a problem I know how to solve.
There's a problem here.
There's a problem on the horizon.
There's a problem there that you don't see.
There's a problem with her thyroid gland.
There's a problem with him. He isn't rational at all.
There's a problem with my internet connection.
There's a problem with that.
There's a problem with the air conditioner.
There's a problem with the engine.
There's a problem with the plane's landing gear.
There's a problem with the printer, I'm gonna try and fix it.
There's a problem with the water filtration system.
There's a problem with this machine.
There's a problem.
There's a problem; the sewage tank is overflowing.
There's a profusion of rhododendron in her garden, blooming in a variety of colours.
There's a psychologist on campus.
There's a pub just around the corner.
There's a puppet in the box.
There's a purpose behind it.
There's a pyramid in Mexico bigger than any of those in Egypt.
There's a question I'd like to ask you.
There's a question for the public.
There's a question of integrity.
There's a queue.
There's a rabbit.
There's a raccoon in my bedroom!
There's a radio in my room.
There's a radio on the table.
There's a rat in the garage.
There's a real need for change.
There's a really good song about Macau's return to Chinese rule.
There's a reason I don't do that.
There's a reason I had to cancel the appointment.
There's a reason all this is happening.
There's a reason behind his behaviour.
There's a reason for everything.
There's a reason for it.
There's a reason for that.
There's a reason for this.
There's a reason most people don't use 4chan.
There's a reason no one likes you.
There's a reason nobody likes you.
There's a reason she failed the test.
There's a reason she passed the test.
There's a reason the rumor exploded.
There's a reason these things are happening.
There's a reason they say love is blind.
There's a reason this hasn't been done.
There's a reason why I don't do that the way Tom does.
There's a reason why I don't do that.
There's a reason why we're the best at what we do.
There's a reception at Tom's place this Sunday.
There's a red candle on top of the bathroom sink.
There's a red pickup truck parked in front of your house.
There's a red rose in the pot.
There's a relation between knowing the context and translating the text.
There's a remedy for everything.
There's a remote control under the chair.
There's a reservoir near where I live.
There's a reset button on the right side.
There's a rest area about three miles up ahead.
There's a restaurant I frequent nearby. Let's have lunch there today.
There's a restaurant here.
There's a restaurant near the lake.
There's a restaurant nearby that I often go to. Let's have lunch there today.
There's a restaurant pretty close to here, but it's not very good.
There's a revision of her work.
There's a revision of his work.
There's a rich man sleeping on a golden bed.
There's a right way and a wrong way to do everything.
There's a riot going on.
There's a risk that he won't come.
There's a risk that the bottle will break.
There's a risk.
There's a rivalry between our schools.
There's a river near my house.
There's a river near the house.
There's a roach on the table.
There's a roadblock up ahead.
There's a robot after me.
There's a rock in my shoe.
There's a rock in the way.
There's a rock in the way. I can't get by.
There's a rock on the floor.
There's a rock quarry ten miles west of town.
There's a rope bridge over the river.
There's a rose garden behind the house.
There's a rotating restaurant at the top of this tower.
There's a row of ants coming in and out of the kitchen.
There's a row of huge factories as though it were the seat of that large corporation.
There's a rowboat right over there.
There's a rumor Johnson is going to be traded.
There's a rumor abroad that she has got a new job.
There's a rumor going around about you.
There's a rumor going around that Tom likes Mary.
There's a rumor going around that she got a new job.
There's a rumor going around that you kissed Tom last night.
There's a rumor going around that you two are an item.
There's a rumor going around that you two are dating.
There's a rumor going around.
There's a rumor in my mother's village that we have Japanese ancestors. I don't know what to make of it.
There's a rumor in the air that the firm is going into bankruptcy.
There's a rumor that Mary has a crush on Tom.
There's a rumor that Mary likes Tom.
There's a rumor that Tom and Mary are going to get married.
There's a rumor that Tom got married.
There's a rumor that Tom is gay.
There's a rumor that Tom likes Mary.
There's a rumor that Tom likes you.
There's a rumor that he likes you.
There's a rumor that she likes you.
There's a rumor that the President will resign.
There's a rumour going about that you two are an item.
There's a rumour going around that you two are an item.
There's a rumour going round that she's got a new job.
There's a rumour going round that you two are seeing each other.
There's a run in your stocking.
There's a safe in Tom's office.
There's a safe somewhere in Tom's house.
There's a sale today in that department store.
There's a sandwich here.
There's a sauna and a pool.
There's a saying in my land: ...
There's a saying that when times get tough, you find out who your friends are.
There's a saying that you can judge people by the company they keep.
There's a saying, "once in a life-time event," and that's just what this is.
There's a scandal about Tom.
There's a scent of danger.
There's a science test tomorrow.
There's a scientific explanation for this.
There's a scientific explanation.
There's a scratch here. Could you give me a discount?
There's a scratch on this lens.
There's a sculpture garden inside the park.
There's a seal.
There's a seat free over here.
There's a seat free over there.
There's a seat over there.
There's a secret base on the moon.
There's a secret clue here.
There's a secret door somewhere around here.
There's a secret drawer in the desk.
There's a secret passage in Tom's house.
There's a secret passage on the left.
There's a secret passage.
There's a secret path on the left.
There's a secret song hidden on this album.
There's a security guard at the door that actually frisks you as you go in.
There's a sense in which doing good for our neighbor is really healthy, not just for our neighbor, but for ourselves as well, and we lose, in many ways, the training ground of how to be good citizens when we lose that or when we defer the problem to somebody else.
There's a sense of bitter irony.
There's a sense of joy in the evening, as newborn turtles wriggle out of their nest and waddle to the ocean to begin their lives.
There's a sense that anything could happen.
There's a serious problem.
There's a serious split in the party.
There's a shag carpet in the living room.
There's a sheet of white paper on the table.
There's a shooting star!
There's a shooting star.
There's a shop in front of my house.
There's a shop on the other side of the bridge that might have what you're looking for.
There's a shopping area nearby.
There's a short-term task to be done for our team today.
There's a shortage of affordable housing.
There's a shortage of car parts.
There's a shortage of flour right now so we'll have to eat store-bought bread.
There's a shortage of the soda I drink. None of the stores I've gone to have any.
There's a shortcut here.
There's a sick man here.
There's a sign for the WC!
There's a sign on the door. Go see what it says.
There's a sign that says "Enter at your own risk", on the door.
There's a signpost at the crossroads.
There's a simple solution to this problem.
There's a simpler method.
There's a single supermarket in the apartment complex which adjoins the bus stop, a few minutes' walk away.
There's a skeleton following you everywhere you go.
There's a skunk on the porch.
There's a skunk.
There's a sleeping bag for you in the trunk.
There's a slight breeze.
There's a slight chill in the air.
There's a slight difference between her thinking and mine.
There's a slight difference.
There's a slight possibility of a recurrence.
There's a slight problem.
There's a slim chance I won't be able to make it to the meeting.
There's a slim chance Tom will be late.
There's a slim chance that I won't be able to make it to the meeting.
There's a slim chance that Tom will be late.
There's a slim chance that that'll work.
There's a slim chance that we'll see Tom there tomorrow.
There's a slim chance that'll work.
There's a slim chance we'll see Tom there tomorrow.
There's a sliver of hope in this week's news, at least.
There's a small box on the table.
There's a small brown dog under that table.
There's a small brown dog under the table.
There's a small brown dog under this table.
There's a small campground on the south shore of the lake.
There's a small campsite on the lake's southern shore.
There's a small chair in my room.
There's a small chance Tom will succeed.
There's a small chance that Tom will succeed.
There's a small dog in the road.
There's a small dog waiting at the door of a store.
There's a small error in that sentence.
There's a small leak in the roof that needs fixing.
There's a small leak in the roof.
There's a small leak.
There's a small mountain tarn, surrounded by alpine meadows.
There's a small pond in our garden.
There's a small population of penguins nesting on the island.
There's a small possibility that Tom will be arrested.
There's a small price to pay.
There's a small problem.
There's a small scar on Tom's face just under his left eye.
There's a small shop on the corner that is open 24 hours a day.
There's a smell of lemon and nutmeg coming from the kitchen.
There's a snag.
There's a snake in the garden.
There's a snowstorm going on.
There's a soccer match tomorrow.
There's a sock on the floor.
There's a soda machine at the end of the hall.
There's a solution to everything.
There's a solution to our problem, I'm sure.
There's a solution.
There's a song I want to sing for you.
There's a south wind blowing.
There's a spare key under the doormat.
There's a spare tire in the trunk.
There's a spark of creativity flowing through me.
There's a sparrow on the windowsill.
There's a special cauldron in hell for those who eat in movie theaters.
There's a special compatibility program you can install to make the PlayStation VR work with your Windows computer.
There's a special exhibit of Picasso's sketches.
There's a special offer on notebooks in the stationery shop this week.
There's a special place in hell for people who eat in movie theaters.
There's a special place in hell for those who promoted Brexit without even a sketch of a plan how to carry it out safely.
There's a speed trap ahead.
There's a speed trap up ahead.
There's a spelling error here.
There's a spelling mistake here.
There's a spider in the bathroom.
There's a spider in the box.
There's a spider in the shower.
There's a spider inside the tent.
There's a spider on my ceiling and it isn't contributing to the rent.
There's a spider on the wall.
There's a spirit sickness among the Uyghurs.
There's a spiritualist town to the south of us.
There's a splendid park in the centre of the town.
There's a split where the valve meets the inner tube.
There's a spot on your shirt.
There's a spring in the center of the village.
There's a spring in the middle of the village.
There's a spring two kilometres away.
There's a squirrel in the wood pile.
There's a squirrel stuck in the bird feeder.
There's a stack of comic books on Tom's desk.
There's a stain on my T-shirt.
There's a stain on the tablecloth.
There's a stain on your T-shirt.
There's a staircase there leading to the floors above.
There's a standard lamp in the corner of the room.
There's a star in the sky.
There's a stark difference in background and ideology between the two presidential candidates.
There's a statue in the city center.
There's a sticker on the box that says "fragile."
There's a stigma attached to living on a council estate.
There's a stone in my shoe.
There's a stop sign over there.
There's a storage space under the stairs.
There's a storage space underneath the stairs.
There's a storm brewing.
There's a storm coming.
There's a storm incoming.
There's a story behind every person.
There's a stowaway on the ship.
There's a stranded whale on the beach.
There's a strange guy looking at us.
There's a strange noise coming from the engine.
There's a strange pipeline from militant atheist to Neo-Nazi, facilitated by YouTube's algorithms.
There's a strange sound coming from the engine.
There's a strike.
There's a striking resemblance between you and your brother.
There's a strong anti-terrorism sentiment among Muslims.
There's a strong onshore breeze.
There's a strong possibility that Tom will be convicted.
There's a strong possibility that that'll happen this afternoon.
There's a strong probability of a nuclear tragedy.
There's a strong undercurrent here.
There's a student who wants to see you guys.
There's a subtle difference in meaning between the two words.
There's a sucker born every minute.
There's a sundial in the garden.
There's a supermarket behind the train station.
There's a supermarket not too far from Tom's house.
There's a supermarket on that corner.
There's a supermarket on the next block.
There's a supermarket on the next corner.
There's a supermassive black hole at the center of our galaxy.
There's a supermassive black hole at the centre of our galaxy.
There's a surprise in store for you.
There's a surveillance device inside that squirrel.
There's a survival kit in that closet.
There's a swimming pool and a bowling alley.
There's a swimming pool not too far from where I live.
There's a swimming pool on the roof of this building.
There's a synagogue across the street.
There's a synagogue on the other side of the street.
There's a table or two over there where we can talk.
There's a table with chairs around it.
There's a table.
There's a tablecloth on the table.
There's a tailback further up. Let's take another route.
There's a tall man in the classroom.
There's a taxi rank beside the station post office.
There's a taxi stop near where I live.
There's a teacher over there.
There's a telephone book for you to see.
There's a telephone call for you.
There's a telephone call from a person named Brown.
There's a telephone here.
There's a telephone in my room.
There's a telephone in the hall.
There's a television in the corner of the room.
There's a temple on the hill across the river.
There's a tendency for people to distrust anything new.
There's a tendency to confide more often in beautiful people.
There's a tendency to conflate proposing a solution with actually solving the problem. I think it's important to differentiate between the two.
There's a tense wait for the outcome of the vote.
There's a terrible draft in this room.
There's a terrible draught here.
There's a theory that dog owners often resemble their dogs.
There's a theory that explains that.
There's a theory that, in April, when it gets warm — historically, that has been able to kill the virus.
There's a thirty percent chance of rain.
There's a thorn in my finger and I can't get it out.
There's a throughway between the bar and the alley.
There's a tiger right behind you.
There's a tiger stalking us.
There's a time and a place for everything.
There's a time and a place for everything. Now is neither the time nor the place.
There's a time and place for everything.
There's a time for everything.
There's a time to learn and a time to apply what you learned.
There's a time to learn and a time to apply what you've learned.
There's a time to speak and a time to be silent.
There's a tiny amount of milk left in the bottle.
There's a tiny fragment that's broken off.
There's a tiny spider in your hair.
There's a tolerance for different accents.
There's a tollbooth up ahead.
There's a tollgate ahead.
There's a ton of dust on top of the fan blades.
There's a toolshed behind Tom's house.
There's a torch in my rucksack.
There's a torch on the wall.
There's a tornado coming!
There's a tourist information centre on the ground floor of the building.
There's a town in the Czech Republic called Loket, which means "elbow".
There's a trade deficit.
There's a traffic jam ahead. Let's go a different way.
There's a traffic jam ahead. Let's go another way.
There's a traffic jam ahead. Let's take an alternate route.
There's a traffic jam on the highway.
There's a traffic jam on the motorway.
There's a trail in the forest.
There's a train station in Japan where the station master is a cat.
There's a train, but it only goes once a day.
There's a traitor among us.
There's a trampoline in the backyard.
There's a trap against Joe.
There's a tree in the park.
There's a tree stump at the bottom of the lake.
There's a trend these days towards small families.
There's a troll living under that bridge.
There's a truck in the middle of the road.
There's a truck stop about three miles north of here.
There's a tub in the bathroom.
There's a two hour time difference between Buenos Aires and New Jersey.
There's a two-drink minimum.
There's a typo on slide 3.
There's a unique smell that comes after summer rain.
There's a united front among Muslims against terrorism.
There's a use of body language.
There's a vase on the table.
There's a vending machine at the end of the hall.
There's a vending machine in the foyer selling chocolate bars.
There's a very fine line between genius and insanity.
There's a very good chance I'll be there tomorrow.
There's a very good chance I'll do that.
There's a very good chance Tom can help you.
There's a very good chance Tom knows Mary.
There's a very good chance Tom knows what to do.
There's a very good chance Tom will be here tomorrow.
There's a very good chance Tom will be late.
There's a very good chance Tom will do that.
There's a very good chance Tom will get that job.
There's a very good chance Tom won't be at school tomorrow.
There's a very good chance it was Tom who did that.
There's a very good chance it'll rain tomorrow.
There's a very good chance that I'll be there tomorrow.
There's a very good chance that I'll do that.
There's a very good chance that Tom can help you.
There's a very good chance that Tom knows Mary.
There's a very good chance that Tom knows what to do.
There's a very good chance that Tom will be here tomorrow.
There's a very good chance that Tom will be late.
There's a very good chance that Tom will do that.
There's a very good chance that Tom will get that job.
There's a very good chance that Tom won't be at school tomorrow.
There's a very good chance that it was Tom who did that.
There's a very good chance that it'll rain tomorrow.
There's a very good chance that that'll happen.
There's a very good chance that'll happen.
There's a very good view from that hill.
There's a very high demand.
There's a very rigid hierarchy in the Civil Service.
There's a very simple solution to this problem.
There's a very slim chance that I'll go to Boston.
There's a very slim chance that that'll work.
There's a very slim chance that'll work.
There's a very sophisticated background.
There's a very strong wind blowing.
There's a very thin line between magnificent and ridiculous.
There's a video of Tom dancing to "Dragostea Din Tei" by O-Zone.
There's a village at the end of the trail.
There's a vital link between the two.
There's a volcano emitting masses of smoke in Iceland.
There's a waiting list to get on the waiting list.
There's a waiting list.
There's a wall somewhere under all that moss.
There's a walnut tree in front of the house.
There's a war going on right now.
There's a war going on.
There's a warm wind blowing from the south.
There's a warning on the London underground to "mind the gap" when boarding.
There's a warrant out for your arrest.
There's a washing machine in the cellar.
There's a wasp in here.
There's a wasp in the kitchen.
There's a wasps' nest in the attic.
There's a watchmaker in this city.
There's a water shortage in this area.
There's a way to do it.
There's a website that makes it easy to compare prices.
There's a website that shows pandemic-related pick-up lines.
There's a website where people stalk Tom obsessively.
There's a wedding reception in the ballroom.
There's a wee burn at the bottom of the garden.
There's a weird taste to this celery.
There's a well there.
There's a whale stranded on the beach.
There's a wheat shortage.
There's a white building just around the corner.
There's a white building nearby.
There's a white dove on the roof.
There's a white picket fence around Tom's house.
There's a white van parked in front of Tom's house.
There's a white van parked in front of your house.
There's a white vase, with colourful flowers, standing on the table.
There's a whiteboard in the classroom.
There's a whole day's work for nix.
There's a whole host of things that need doing first.
There's a whole host of things that need to be done first.
There's a whole lot of shaking going on.
There's a wide gap between the train and the platform, so please watch your step.
There's a wide selection of teas in the Zuzu teahouse.
There's a wide variety of food.
There's a widespread delirium.
There's a wild dog around here.
There's a wildflower meadow behind the house.
There's a wildlife preserve on the river in town, if you're watching ducks that would be a good place.
There's a wind, but it's terribly hot.
There's a window on your left.
There's a witch living in Apartment 301.
There's a witness protection program.
There's a witness.
There's a wolf spider in the bathroom.
There's a woman as wants to see you.
There's a woman at the door who wants to see you.
There's a woman in a wheelchair wanting to talk to you.
There's a woman in the room.
There's a woman waiting over there who wants to talk to you.
There's a woman waiting to see you.
There's a woman with a strong character.
There's a women's-only line over there.
There's a yellow car in front of me.
There's a yellow rose here.
There's a yellow rose there.
There's a yellow rose.
There's a young woman with Tom.
There's about a 70/30 chance I go.
There's absolutely no cause for alarm.
There's absolutely no cause for concern.
There's absolutely no chance Tom will be there.
There's absolutely no chance Tom will win the race.
There's absolutely no chance of that happening.
There's absolutely no chance that Tom will be there.
There's absolutely no chance that Tom will win the race.
There's absolutely no chance that that'll happen.
There's absolutely no chance that we'll win.
There's absolutely no chance that'll happen.
There's absolutely no chance we'll win.
There's absolutely no need to do that today.
There's absolutely no need to do that.
There's absolutely no need to rush.
There's absolutely no reason for criticising Tom.
There's absolutely no reason not to do that.
There's absolutely no reason that we need to do that.
There's absolutely no reason to be alarmed.
There's absolutely no reason to change this.
There's absolutely no reason to worry.
There's absolutely no risk.
There's absolutely nothing easier than that.
There's absolutely nothing left.
There's absolutely nothing romantic between us.
There's absolutely nothing that can be done.
There's absolutely nothing to see here.
There's absolutely nothing wrong with the way Tom did that.
There's absolutely nothing wrong with this.
There's absolutely nothing wrong with what you did.
There's actually a reason!
There's actually plenty to do in Australia.
There's actually plenty to do in Boston.
There's all his stuff in this box.
There's all kinds of nooks and crannies.
There's all kinds of people.
There's almost no chance that this team will win.
There's almost no chance this team will win.
There's almost no coffee left in the pot.
There's almost no furniture.
There's almost no milk in the glass.
There's almost no milk left in the glass.
There's almost no milk left.
There's almost no time left.
There's almost no water in the bucket.
There's almost no water left in the pond.
There's almost no wind today.
There's almost no wine left.
There's almost nothing that money can't buy.
There's already a bridge being built over the river.
There's already a plan in place.
There's already a product with this code.
There's already four of us living in the flat.
There's already snow in the foothills of the Alps.
There's also Paolo.
There's also a French edition of this novel.
There's also a financial lexicon.
There's also a great deal of so called behind-the-scenes work.
There's also a little tourist train that goes to Pournique and passes the church.
There's also a lot of people who call toads "frogs". But that's not the intrinsic meaning.
There's also a love story woven in.
There's also a park there.
There's also a staircase if you're afraid of lifts.
There's also a staircase if you're scared of the lift.
There's also a toilet on the fourth floor.
There's also a yellow one.
There's also anger at having seen rights seized.
There's also another meaning.
There's also another possibility.
There's also the danger of unexploded bombs, so they reported it to the police and the area was taped off to keep people out.
There's also the initiation ritual.
There's always a catch.
There's always a chance I could get hurt.
There's always a choice.
There's always a first time for everything.
There's always a first time.
There's always a good part in human folly.
There's always a happy smile on her face.
There's always a line around this time.
There's always a lot of shaking around this part of the track, huh?
There's always a lot of traffic in the city centre at the weekend.
There's always a mountain of work to get through.
There's always a next time.
There's always a reason why something happens.
There's always a reason.
There's always a sense of destiny involved guiding your life path.
There's always a solution.
There's always a way out of a situation.
There's always a way out.
There's always a way.
There's always a woman in between.
There's always an explanation.
There's always an invisible war for the future of native language.
There's always been some friction between Tom and Mary.
There's always going to be some sense of destiny guiding your present life.
There's always hope.
There's always light at the end of the tunnel.
There's always money in the banana stand.
There's always more to learn.
There's always next year.
There's always plenty of trouble.
There's always room for dessert.
There's always room for improvement.
There's always room for one more.
There's always so much to do.
There's always some sense of destiny ruling over your life path at some stage.
There's always somebody in an idol group that uses too many filters in their selfies.
There's always somebody there.
There's always someone here making noise. It's never quiet.
There's always someone panhandling here.
There's always someone talking.
There's always someone to take care of you.
There's always someone who's having it worse than me.
There's always something going on in my mind.
There's always something good in human folly.
There's always something happening here.
There's always something happening.
There's always something keeping me occupied.
There's always something new to discover.
There's always something new to see in Boston.
There's always something that goes wrong.
There's always something that needs to be done.
There's always something that's wrong.
There's always something to discover.
There's always something to do here.
There's always something to do.
There's always something to learn in Algeria.
There's always something to learn.
There's always something waiting to be done.
There's always something worse.
There's always something wrong with that.
There's always something.
There's always stew at my grandma's place on Mondays.
There's always that come-to-terms moment when you realize you're not worth as much as you thought you were to someone.
There's always time for that.
There's always time.
There's always tomorrow.
There's ample room in the attic.
There's an American adaptation of that French movie.
There's an American girl who wants to see you.
There's an abandoned suitcase on the platform!
There's an abandoned suitcase on the platform.
There's an abundance of food.
There's an accident ahead.
There's an accident at this junction almost every day.
There's an acrid smell here. Is something burning?
There's an aerial at the top.
There's an album on the desk.
There's an alcoholic maniac on my doorstep.
There's an alley behind my house.
There's an allusion to one of Debussy's works in that song.
There's an amazing view from the balcony.
There's an amp gathering dust in the loft if you want it.
There's an amphitheater there.
There's an ancient tower in the town center.
There's an annoying wrinkle on my shirt that I can't get out with the iron.
There's an answer to everything.
There's an ant in the hall.
There's an antique clock in the living room.
There's an app for almost everything.
There's an app for that.
There's an appalling shortage of phone booths in this area.
There's an apple here.
There's an apple in this boy's pocket.
There's an apple on the bench.
There's an apple on the table.
There's an apple tree in the garden.
There's an argument to be made that Tom Jackson lived in Boston.
There's an armchair in front of the door.
There's an assortment of fruit in the box.
There's an attempt to involve the audience with translations.
There's an earthworm under the stone.
There's an easier method.
There's an easier way if you have money.
There's an easier way to do it.
There's an easier way to do that.
There's an easier way to do this.
There's an easy solution.
There's an eclipse coming.
There's an eighty to ninety percent chance that Jane will come.
There's an electric light in the basement as well.
There's an elegant garden behind the palace.
There's an element of luck involved.
There's an elevator over there.
There's an emergency exit in the back.
There's an emergency exit in the rear.
There's an emergency situation.
There's an emergency.
There's an empty bag on the floor.
There's an empty bedroom in the house.
There's an empty room in the house.
There's an empty seat over there.
There's an encampment of orcs on the way.
There's an end to everything.
There's an endless amount of erotic female literature.
There's an envoy from Australia here to see you.
There's an error here.
There's an error in this sentence.
There's an even easier way to do it.
There's an even easier way to do that.
There's an example of explanation during the translation.
There's an exception to every rule.
There's an exhibition of ancient weapons at the museum.
There's an explanation for everything.
There's an extra charge at the hotel for Internet access.
There's an extra charge for breakfast.
There's an extra period at the beginning of this.
There's an extra space before the exclamation mark.
There's an icy northerly wind blowing.
There's an ideal tug-of-war between us.
There's an idiot where I work and it gets on my nerves.
There's an important difference between talking "with" someone and talking "to" them.
There's an impostor among us.
There's an increased chance of passing rain showers around noon.
There's an incredible amount to do here. One person alone can't manage it.
There's an incredible peace in seeking and receiving treatment for gender dysphoria, a peace that too many people want to deny to people who never chose to be trans.
There's an inhibitor in your brains that makes you not question why you know Tagalog that you never learned from school.
There's an inhibitor in your brains that makes you think that I'm a normal human being, so I can walk amongst people.
There's an interesting article in this magazine about education problems.
There's an island on the river.
There's an island that's Spanish for half a year and French for the other half.
There's an issue with this.
There's an old Roman fort in the woods.
There's an old apple tree in the garden.
There's an old apple tree standing in the garden.
There's an old castle at the foot of the mountain.
There's an old cherry tree in the garden.
There's an old fort from Roman times in the woods.
There's an old movie theater in town.
There's an old saying in Europe, "An apple a day keeps the doctor away."
There's an old saying in Tennessee—I know it's in Texas, probably in Tennessee—that says, fool me once, shame on—shame on you. Fool me, you can't get fooled again.
There's an old saying in clinical research: "In God we trust, all others must provide data. And we would certainly like to see the data."
There's an old saying in clinical research: "In God we trust, all others must provide data."
There's an old tower in the center of the village.
There's an old tractor in the barn that hasn't been used in years.
There's an old windmill in that field.
There's an old, unused flowerpot and a watering can laying on the balcony.
There's an ongoing project to reimagine the city.
There's an open-air market nearby.
There's an open-plan kitchen.
There's an opening in our office.
There's an opening in the morning.
There's an opinion that such "coincidences" are not coincidental at all.
There's an orange on the table.
There's an osteopathic clinic near the library.
There's an outlet there.
There's an outside chance of winning.
There's an outstanding balance on the account of over a thousand dollars.
There's an unsettling stillness in the street.
There's an upside to everything so it's unnecessary to focus on the good; on the contrary, we should instead be pushing for reversals because it's only through setbacks that we improve and see decisive opportunities clearly.
There's an urgent need for action.
There's an urgent need for medical supplies.
There's an urgent need for volunteers.
There's another alternative.
There's another apple near your foot.
There's another bullseye at the bottom of your windshield.
There's another café on the third floor.
There's another hitch.
There's another meaning behind his words.
There's another meaning, too.
There's another mistake here.
There's another one in my bag.
There's another one.
There's another option.
There's another package for you on your desk.
There's another party tomorrow downtown.
There's another possibility.
There's another problem we haven't discussed yet.
There's another problem you don't even know about.
There's another problem.
There's another reason, isn't there? Well, how did I do? I bet I hit the mark.
There's another reason.
There's another rumor in the air that the firm is going into bankruptcy.
There's another slight problem.
There's another solution.
There's another storm coming.
There's another toilet on the third floor.
There's another way out.
There's another way.
There's apparently no cure for that disease.
There's apparently no cure for what Tom has.
There's apparently no one at home.
There's apple trees in my garden.
There's around 6 billion people in the world.
There's around ten oranges in the bowl.
There's at least one advantage to being bald — you save a lot on shampoo.
There's bad blood between them.
There's bamboo growing in the garden.
There's barely any hope.
There's barely any money to eat.
There's barely enough for me.
There's been a burglary.
There's been a change in plan.
There's been a change of plans.
There's been a change.
There's been a cold snap here lately.
There's been a complaint filed against you.
There's been a complication.
There's been a constant stream of complaint calls since last week.
There's been a corresponding increase in wholesale prices.
There's been a death in his family.
There's been a flood of inquiries about the accident.
There's been a gas leak.
There's been a glitch.
There's been a large earthquake north of here.
There's been a lawyer in the family for generations.
There's been a lot noise around here lately.
There's been a lot of activity around the office this morning.
There's been a lot of discord in the office lately.
There's been a lot of rain this month.
There's been a lot of rain this summer.
There's been a lot of rain this year.
There's been a lot of tension between Tom and Mary.
There's been a lot of water under the bridge since then.
There's been a massive change.
There's been a misunderstanding.
There's been a misunderstanding. I'm going to talk about it with you.
There's been a mix-up.
There's been a policy change.
There's been a power cut.
There's been a really big mistake.
There's been a recent gain in the population of the city.
There's been a reduction in personnel at our factory.
There's been a series of robberies in the Boston area.
There's been a significant development in the case of the missing toddler.
There's been a slight change of plans.
There's been a spike in violent crime.
There's been a steady stream of cars on the highway all day.
There's been a sudden change of plans.
There's been a terrible mistake.
There's been an accident at Tom's place.
There's been an accident at the crossroads.
There's been an accident at the worksite.
There's been an accident.
There's been an accident. A man is hurt. He's bleeding badly.
There's been an attempt on Tom's life.
There's been an emergency.
There's been an increase in wholesale prices.
There's been an interesting development.
There's been another accident.
There's been change of plan.
There's been enough talking.
There's been frost and the cars are slipping.
There's been no one here.
There's been no rain for three weeks.
There's been pressure to make an arrest.
There's been quite a jump in the temperature.
There's been quite a series of accidents lately.
There's been reports of a ghost in the area, and I've been sent to investigate.
There's been some talk of a compromise.
There's been some trouble.
There's been the most awful row!
There's been times.
There's been too much talk about that marriage.
There's beer in the fridge.
There's blood all over your clothes.
There's blood everywhere.
There's blood in my faeces.
There's blood in my urine.
There's blood in my vomit.
There's blood in the water.
There's blood on the floor.
There's blood on the wall.
There's blood on this knife.
There's blood on your hands.
There's bread in the oven.
There's broken glass all over the floor.
There's buko pandan in Karl's fridge.
There's but one avenue to earn money.
There's certain evidence that he stole the money, but I'm not sure.
There's certain evidence that she stole the money, but I'm not sure.
There's cheap food in the canteen.
There's chocolate ice cream in the freezer.
There's clearly a lot of interest in the topic.
There's clearly a problem.
There's clearly been a misunderstanding here.
There's clearly something wrong.
There's cobwebs in my drawers.
There's coffee in the cup.
There's coffee in the mug.
There's coffee over there if you want it.
There's coffee, and then there's COFFEE.
There's coffee.
There's congestion on the motorway.
There's constant talk of war in the news.
There's construction on the main drive of the hotel. Guest are advised to take the alternate entrance.
There's cranberry juice in the fridge.
There's currently a shortage of lorry drivers in the UK.
There's currently a special exhibition on at the museum.
There's dancing in the hall.
There's danger that the levee will break. We have to evacuate immediately.
There's definitely a double standard.
There's definitely a need for that.
There's definitely room for improvement.
There's definitely someone out there.
There's definitely something bothering Tom.
There's definitely something else.
There's definitely something wrong here.
There's definitely something wrong.
There's drama in the Bible fandom.
There's dust on the table.
There's enough A, but not enough B.
There's enough bread for all of you.
There's enough cake left for everyone to have another piece.
There's enough food for all of us.
There's enough food for all of you.
There's enough food for everybody.
There's enough food for everyone.
There's enough food for us.
There's enough food to go around.
There's enough food to go round.
There's enough food.
There's enough for all of us.
There's enough for beginners there, certainly.
There's enough for everyone, but most of it goes to waste.
There's enough left for all of you.
There's enough left for you all.
There's enough love here for all of us.
There's enough place in my house for you two.
There's enough room for all of us.
There's enough room for everybody.
There's enough room for everyone.
There's enough space at this table for everybody.
There's enough space at this table for everyone.
There's enough space for everybody.
There's enough space for everyone.
There's enough time for a quick snack.
There's enough time to do that now.
There's enough time to eat now.
There's enough to worry about without worrying about what Tom might be doing right now.
There's enough water.
There's enough work to do in the garden in spring.
There's even a chance that Tom will be there.
There's even an article about him in the encyclopedia.
There's even talk of a preventive war by Israel against Syria.
There's every reason to doubt that that'll happen.
There's every reason to doubt that'll happen.
There's evidence of foul play.
There's evidence that Tom may have done that.
There's exactly a half in there.
There's excitement in the air.
There's fish.
There's five minutes left.
There's food enough for us.
There's food in the fridge.
There's food on the table.
There's free beer on Thursday nights.
There's free beer.
There's free food.
There's fresh bread and water here.
There's fresh fruit salad in the canteen today.
There's fruit and meat in this market.
There's fruit here. I grabbed it.
There's fuck all to do around here.
There's going to be a book sale tomorrow.
There's going to be a book sale.
There's going to be a downpour.
There's going to be a huge blood shed.
There's going to be a major fight when I get home.
There's going to be a math test tomorrow.
There's going to be a party tonight at my place.
There's going to be a press conference tonight.
There's going to be a storm tonight.
There's going to be a storm.
There's going to be a three-mile race tomorrow.
There's going to be a tsunami!
There's going to be a wedding.
There's going to be an investigation.
There's going to be competition.
There's going to be hell to pay.
There's going to be trouble here. Be on guard.
There's going to be trouble.
There's good Japanese food in Los Angeles.
There's good reason for that.
There's good reason to think that this is about to change.
There's got be a better way.
There's got to be a better way of doing this.
There's got to be a better way.
There's got to be a door somewhere around here.
There's got to be a logical explanation for this.
There's got to be a solution.
There's got to be a way to cross the river.
There's got to be a way to get across the river.
There's got to be a way.
There's got to be an answer.
There's got to be an easier way to do that.
There's got to be an explanation for this.
There's got to be another explanation for it.
There's got to be another way.
There's got to be some loophole in the law.
There's got to be some mushrooms around here somewhere.
There's got to be some way to stop Tom.
There's got to be somebody else who can do that.
There's got to be someone else who can do that.
There's got to be something I can do.
There's got to be something incriminating in that apartment. Tear the place apart if you have to.
There's got to be something you can do.
There's graffiti on the walls.
There's great danger.
There's growing anger over the government's decision.
There's growing evidence that people can spread the disease without having symptoms themselves.
There's guacamole in the fridge.
There's gum stuck to the bottom of my shoe.
There's gum stuck to the sole of my shoe.
There's half a sandwich in the bag if you're hungry.
There's hardly an Algerian who doesn't dream to go abroad.
There's hardly any chance Tom will win the election.
There's hardly any chance that Tom will win the election.
There's hardly any coffee left in the pot.
There's hardly any food in the kitchen.
There's hardly any hope that he'll win the election.
There's hardly any milk in the bottle.
There's hardly any room left.
There's hardly any time left.
There's hardly any water in the bucket.
There's hardly any wind today.
There's hardly any wine left.
There's hardly anyone here.
There's hardly anything left to eat.
There's hardly anything left.
There's hardly anywhere to park here.
There's hella empty seats over there.
There's hidden truth in fairytales.
There's his bag.
There's his friend.
There's his house.
There's honor among thieves.
There's hope for both of us.
There's hope for everybody.
There's hope for everyone.
There's hope for the world.
There's hope for you yet, Tom.
There's hope for you yet.
There's how I raised the tent.
There's ice cream in the freezer.
There's ice everywhere.
There's ice on the road.
There's ice on the sidewalk and it's slippery.
There's inspiration everywhere.
There's insufficient evidence.
There's insufficient power.
There's just a little milk left in the bottle.
There's just absolutely nothing happening.
There's just an unexplainable air of mystery about me.
There's just been an accident.
There's just been another explosion.
There's just no better time than summertime to enjoy eating a good barbecue.
There's just no end to my limitless ambition, my ambition knows no bounds.
There's just no good answer to that question.
There's just no good way to go about this.
There's just no reasoning with Sami.
There's just no reasoning with Tom.
There's just no solution that's right for everyone.
There's just no telling what Tom will do.
There's just no telling what's going to happen.
There's just no way that I can do that today.
There's just no way that I can do that.
There's just no way that that's going to happen.
There's just no way that we can finish doing that by 2:30.
There's just no way that's going to happen.
There's just no way to get Tom to swim.
There's just no way.
There's just not enough time.
There's just one chair left.
There's just one day left.
There's just one more thing I have to do.
There's just one more thing I need to buy.
There's just one more thing I need to do.
There's just one problem here.
There's just one problem with this arrangement.
There's just one problem.
There's just one problem. I can't find anybody to help me.
There's just one thing missing.
There's just one tiny problem.
There's just something about her.
There's just something about him.
There's just something off about him, but I can't pinpoint what it is exactly.
There's just something off in the air tonight.
There's just something very off about this place that is making me feel so uneasy right now so I'd waste no time to just get out of it as quickly as I came.
There's just too much to do.
There's just two months left.
There's justifiable anger.
There's ketchup all over your mouth.
There's leftovers from yesterday.
There's lemon in it.
There's less and less faithfulness in Europe. Adultery cases have gone up 200%.
There's less of it, but no less to it.
There's less to do in this job than the last one.
There's less water in the blue cup than in the red one.
There's life after trauma.
There's life in hope.
There's life in the old boy yet!
There's life in the old dog yet.
There's life, and there's death.
There's light at the end of the tunnel.
There's light coming through the curtains.
There's light rain.
There's lighting right now.
There's lipstick on your collar.
There's liquid soap in the restroom.
There's liquor store near the station.
There's little cause for optimism.
There's little chance Tom will do that.
There's little chance Tom will win.
There's little chance of infection.
There's little chance of keeping slim, unless you stick to a diet.
There's little chance that Tom will do that.
There's little chance that Tom will win.
There's little difference between these words.
There's little doubt about this.
There's little hope Tom is still alive.
There's little hope Tom will be here on time.
There's little hope Tom will get any better.
There's little hope Tom will recover.
There's little hope Tom will succeed.
There's little hope of Tom getting well soon.
There's little hope of Tom recovering.
There's little hope that Tom is still alive.
There's little hope that Tom will be here on time.
There's little hope that Tom will get any better.
There's little hope that Tom will recover.
There's little hope that Tom will succeed.
There's little hope that he'll succeed.
There's little hope that that'll happen.
There's little merit in asking him for help.
There's little oil this year but it's exceptional.
There's little possibility that that'll happen.
There's little possibility that'll happen.
There's little time left.
There's little to do.
There's little to laugh about.
There's little use in arguing back with death and in wishing that death will be sparing you because it won't lead you anywhere and you'll lose your battle beforehand and your wish won't ever be answered.
There's little water in the tank, if any.
There's loads of work in the office.
There's lots going on.
There's lots of food.
There's lots of movement here.
There's lots of people at the park.
There's lots of rain all year.
There's lots of war poetry on the syllabus.
There's lots of work left to be done.
There's lots of work to be done.
There's lots to do: there are cinemas and lots of shops in the town centre.
There's maggots in the food.
There's many a slip 'twixt cup and lip.
There's many a slip 'twixt the cup and the lip.
There's many a slip between cup and lip.
There's many a slip between the cup and the lip.
There's many a true word spoken in jest.
There's meaning in thy snores.
There's meat and fish in mixed paella.
There's meat at the butcher's.
There's meat in this soup.
There's milk in the fridge.
There's milk in the refrigerator.
There's mint custard in the canteen today.
There's mold on the bread. This means that we can't eat it anymore.
There's mold on the wall.
There's money on the table.
There's more beer in the cooler.
There's more beer in the fridge.
There's more beer in the refrigerator.
There's more cloud today than yesterday.
There's more food here than we could possibly eat.
There's more funding to come.
There's more going on here than meets the eye.
There's more money in the drawer.
There's more paperwork that needs to be filled out.
There's more room in their house than in ours.
There's more specific lexicon.
There's more talk than action.
There's more than I thought.
There's more than a 50% chance that Tom committed the crimes he's been accused of.
There's more than enough food on the planet for everyone, but our economic system prevents us from properly distributing it.
There's more than enough food on this planet for everyone.
There's more than enough food.
There's more than enough sadness to go around.
There's more than just that in life.
There's more than one kind of Swiss cheese.
There's more than one solution to this problem.
There's more than one way to do it.
There's more than one way to do that.
There's more than one way to do this.
There's more than one way to skin a cat.
There's more than one way to win.
There's more to Georgia than Tbilisi.
There's more to Stoicism than Marcus Aurelius and Epictetus.
There's more to Tom than meets the eye.
There's more to come.
There's more to her than you think. She may seem pretty meek on first glance, but I get the sense she can get things done when she needs to.
There's more to it than that.
There's more to it than this.
There's more to life than having fun.
There's more to life than just getting rich.
There's more to life than staying sober.
There's more to that story.
There's more to think about than that.
There's more to this than meets the eye.
There's more water in the red cup than in the blue one.
There's more ways than one to kill a cat.
There's more where that came from.
There's more where this came from.
There's more wind today than yesterday.
There's more work to be done.
There's more.
There's mould in the corners of the room.
There's mould on the bathroom walls.
There's mould on the walls.
There's much danger of earthquakes here.
There's much more to be done.
There's much more to think about.
There's much more to this story than meets the eye.
There's much more work to do.
There's much room for improvement in this project.
There's much to learn about Shinto.
There's much to learn about Shintō.
There's much we can change, but we can't change everything.
There's mud caked to my shoes.
There's music for everyone.
There's musical entertainment from nine o'clock to midnight.
There's my ride.
There's my team.
There's narrow road to the village.
There's need of a fight.
There's never a dull moment when Tom and Mary are around.
There's never a dull moment when Tom is around.
There's never a dull moment with Tom.
There's never a dull moment with you.
There's never a dull moment.
There's never a new fashion but it's old.
There's never an amount that makes me feel that I was successful in my life.
There's never any drama.
There's never been a better time to buy a house.
There's never been a better time to buy land.
There's never been a problem before.
There's never been such a thing as freedom.
There's never enough time to do all you want.
There's never enough time to do everything you want to do.
There's never enough time.
There's never quite enough.
There's new energy to harness, new jobs to be created, new schools to build, and threats to meet, alliances to repair.
There's no COM port on this motherboard.
There's no East and no West.
There's no French equivalent of this word.
There's no Internet in this Internet café.
There's no Judgment Day.
There's no McDonald's in North Korea.
There's no Tom Jackson here.
There's no Tom here.
There's no WiFi.
There's no accounting for taste.
There's no accounting for tastes.
There's no advantage in doing that.
There's no advantage in this.
There's no advantage to be gained from them.
There's no air conditioning.
There's no air in this room.
There's no air on the moon.
There's no alternative.
There's no answer.
There's no antidote in the refrigerator.
There's no antidote.
There's no arguing possible with death, when you must die and when your last hour has struck, you just disappear from the earth.
There's no arguing with Tom.
There's no argument.
There's no available evidence to support his claim.
There's no bad weather, only bad clothing.
There's no bad weather, there's bad clothing.
There's no beer here.
There's no beer in Hawaii.
There's no beer in the fridge.
There's no beer left.
There's no beer sold here.
There's no beginning to Tom's talents.
There's no benefit from them at all.
There's no benefit to this.
There's no better choice for a drink than drinking water.
There's no better lottery than working and saving.
There's no better option than water for quenching your thirst when you're feeling very thirsty.
There's no better option.
There's no better pillow than his chest.
There's no better possibility.
There's no better time than the summer to enjoy a delicious barbecue to share with a few people.
There's no big hurry.
There's no bigger bullshitter than Donald Trump.
There's no bigger grifter than a monarch.
There's no blood on the floor.
There's no bread whatsoever in this house.
There's no breeze here.
There's no buried treasure here.
There's no but about it!
There's no butter left.
There's no call to get angry over this matter.
There's no causal connection.
There's no cause for alarm.
There's no cause for concern.
There's no cell service here.
There's no cellphone coverage in this area.
There's no chair to sit upon.
There's no chance Tom will agree to do that.
There's no chance Tom will ask you to do that.
There's no chance Tom will be here on time.
There's no chance Tom will be late today.
There's no chance Tom will cry.
There's no chance Tom will do that.
There's no chance Tom will ever be able to do that.
There's no chance Tom will ever be able to play the banjo as well as Mary does.
There's no chance Tom will ever be able to play the banjo as well as Mary.
There's no chance Tom will ever do that.
There's no chance Tom will ever get here on time.
There's no chance Tom will forget to do that.
There's no chance Tom will help us.
There's no chance Tom will leave early.
There's no chance Tom will recover.
There's no chance Tom will win the fight.
There's no chance Tom will win.
There's no chance of him financing his electoral campaign.
There's no chance of rain today.
There's no chance of success for lazy people.
There's no chance of that ever happening.
There's no chance of that happening today.
There's no chance of that happening.
There's no chance of this happening again.
There's no chance of winning.
There's no chance that Tom will agree to do that.
There's no chance that Tom will ask you to do that.
There's no chance that Tom will be here on time.
There's no chance that Tom will be late today.
There's no chance that Tom will be promoted.
There's no chance that Tom will cry.
There's no chance that Tom will do that.
There's no chance that Tom will ever be able to do that.
There's no chance that Tom will ever be able to play the banjo as well as Mary does.
There's no chance that Tom will ever be able to play the banjo as well as Mary.
There's no chance that Tom will ever do that.
There's no chance that Tom will ever get here on time.
There's no chance that Tom will forget to do that.
There's no chance that Tom will help us.
There's no chance that Tom will leave early.
There's no chance that Tom will recover.
There's no chance that Tom will win the fight.
There's no chance that Tom will win.
There's no chance that he'll recover.
There's no chance that that'll happen.
There's no chance that that's going to happen.
There's no chance that you're getting away.
There's no chance that'll happen.
There's no chance that's going to happen.
There's no chance you're getting away.
There's no change.
There's no changing that.
There's no changing what happened.
There's no charge for this service.
There's no choice but to wait for it.
There's no choice now.
There's no choice.
There's no class today.
There's no classier zodiac sign than Capricorns themselves.
There's no clean water.
There's no cloud up in the sky.
There's no coffee left, so I've made some tea.
There's no coffee left.
There's no coffee left. I've made some tea.
There's no coffee.
There's no communication between me and my father.
There's no communication between the two countries.
There's no comparing them!
There's no comparison between this flat and the one I was in.
There's no comparison.
There's no concrete evidence against Tom.
There's no connection between the two things.
There's no connection.
There's no contact.
There's no contemporary poetry that I like, whether the writers are new or established.
There's no context for any of this.
There's no context in which the term "trans ideology" has meaning other than right-wing rants.
There's no courage without fear.
There's no cover charge.
There's no creator besides the mind.
There's no crime in that.
There's no cruise control on this car.
There's no crying in baseball!
There's no cure for baldness.
There's no cure for death.
There's no cure for lovesickness.
There's no cure for stupidity.
There's no cure for that.
There's no cure for this disease.
There's no cure in sight.
There's no cure.
There's no damage.
There's no danger now.
There's no danger of that happening.
There's no danger of this lamp setting fire to the curtains.
There's no danger.
There's no day not worth living.
There's no day that's not worth living.
There's no day without an evening.
There's no debate.
There's no definitive truth.
There's no demand for them as tools, so the product line-up is poor.
There's no democracy where people have no right to demonstrate.
There's no dentist in this town.
There's no denying Tom is a good swimmer.
There's no denying Tom is clever.
There's no denying his ability as a pitcher, but he is rather injury-prone.
There's no denying it.
There's no denying that I'm attracted to you.
There's no denying that I'm fundamentally different from you.
There's no denying that Jessie is an honest person.
There's no denying that Mary is a beautiful woman.
There's no denying that Tom is a good swimmer.
There's no denying that Tom is a handsome guy.
There's no denying that Tom is clever.
There's no denying that happened.
There's no denying that he looks so funny in that costume.
There's no denying that he's a serene child.
There's no denying that that happened.
There's no denying that.
There's no denying the harmful effects of smoking.
There's no destination address on the letter.
There's no dialogue between me and my father.
There's no difference between these.
There's no difference.
There's no disagreement here.
There's no disgrace in being poor.
There's no disguising the fact that she is dishonest.
There's no dishonor in remaining silent when there's nothing to say.
There's no doctor in my circle of friends.
There's no documented proof.
There's no dog food left.
There's no dog in the yard.
There's no door.
There's no doubt I couldn't do that without your help.
There's no doubt Tom did that.
There's no doubt Tom didn't do that.
There's no doubt Tom hasn't done that.
There's no doubt Tom is lying about it.
There's no doubt Tom is the one who stole Mary's necklace.
There's no doubt Tom likes doing that.
There's no doubt Tom loved Mary.
There's no doubt Tom poisoned Mary.
There's no doubt Tom used to live in Australia.
There's no doubt Tom used to live in Boston.
There's no doubt Tom was murdered.
There's no doubt Tom will do that for us.
There's no doubt Tom will visit Australia this summer.
There's no doubt Tom will win the race.
There's no doubt about Tom's guilt.
There's no doubt about it in my mind.
There's no doubt about it.
There's no doubt about it. He's tall.
There's no doubt about that.
There's no doubt about who will be chosen.
There's no doubt about who'll be chosen.
There's no doubt about your competence.
There's no doubt in my mind Tom didn't commit suicide.
There's no doubt in my mind Tom was planning on doing that.
There's no doubt in my mind Tom was planning to do that.
There's no doubt in my mind Tom was telling the truth.
There's no doubt in my mind Tom was the one who did it.
There's no doubt in my mind Tom was the one who did that.
There's no doubt in my mind Tom will win the election.
There's no doubt in my mind about that.
There's no doubt in my mind that Tom and Mary were planning on doing that.
There's no doubt in my mind that Tom and Mary were planning to do that.
There's no doubt in my mind that Tom and Mary were telling the truth.
There's no doubt in my mind that Tom and Mary were the ones who did that.
There's no doubt in my mind that Tom was planning on doing that.
There's no doubt in my mind that Tom was planning to do that.
There's no doubt in my mind that Tom was telling the truth.
There's no doubt in my mind that Tom was the one who did it.
There's no doubt in my mind that Tom was the one who did that.
There's no doubt in my mind that we need to do that.
There's no doubt in my mind we need to do that.
There's no doubt in my mind.
There's no doubt that English is an international language.
There's no doubt that I couldn't do that without your help.
There's no doubt that Sharon is capable.
There's no doubt that Tom and Mary are lying about it.
There's no doubt that Tom did that.
There's no doubt that Tom didn't do that.
There's no doubt that Tom hasn't done that.
There's no doubt that Tom is lying about it.
There's no doubt that Tom is the one who stole Mary's necklace.
There's no doubt that Tom likes doing that.
There's no doubt that Tom loved Mary.
There's no doubt that Tom poisoned Mary.
There's no doubt that Tom used to live in Australia.
There's no doubt that Tom used to live in Boston.
There's no doubt that Tom was murdered.
There's no doubt that Tom was the one who did that.
There's no doubt that Tom was the one who stole your saxophone.
There's no doubt that Tom will do that for us.
There's no doubt that Tom will visit Australia this summer.
There's no doubt that Tom's childhood laid down the blueprint for the rest of his life.
There's no doubt that he likes taking walks.
There's no doubt that he's English.
There's no doubt that he's innocent.
There's no doubt that he's self-centred.
There's no doubt that it'll fade away.
There's no doubt that recent events have been difficult.
There's no doubt that she has talent.
There's no doubt that she'll visit England this summer.
There's no doubt that smoking is harmful to your health.
There's no doubt that that's going to happen.
There's no doubt that the Maiden's Tower is a symbol of Istanbul, Turkey.
There's no doubt that the new law won't be very popular.
There's no doubt that the traditional institutions of marriage and family are in crisis.
There's no doubt that the universe is infinite.
There's no doubt that this dream was the memories of my past life.
There's no doubt that's going to happen.
There's no doubt the new law won't be very popular.
There's no doubt we'll do it.
There's no doubt who'll be elected.
There's no doubt.
There's no doubt: the universe is infinite.
There's no drinkable water.
There's no drinking water.
There's no easy answer to that.
There's no easy solution.
There's no easy way out of here.
There's no easy way out of this mess.
There's no easy way to do that.
There's no easy way to do what needs to be done.
There's no easy way to say this, but you're adopted.
There's no easy way to say this, but you're an android.
There's no easy way to say this.
There's no electricity in the village.
There's no elevator here? Oh fuck!
There's no elevator in the building and I can hardly walk up the stairs because of my aching knees.
There's no elevator in the house.
There's no elevator.
There's no end in sight.
There's no energy left to move forward.
There's no entertainment for young people around here.
There's no entertainment in the countryside.
There's no entrance fee.
There's no escape for her.
There's no escape from this.
There's no escape.
There's no evidence Hitler was part Jewish.
There's no evidence Tom did that.
There's no evidence Tom was the one who fired the gun.
There's no evidence for the existence of the Jebusites.
There's no evidence of foul play.
There's no evidence of voter fraud.
There's no evidence that Tom did that.
There's no evidence that Tom has done anything illegal.
There's no evidence that Tom was the one who fired the gun.
There's no evidence that comets have any influence on viticulture.
There's no evidence that ever happened.
There's no evidence that he's guilty.
There's no evidence that that ever happened.
There's no evidence that that happened.
There's no evidence this disease is caused by diet.
There's no evidence to suggest that Tom and Mary were the thieves.
There's no evidence to suggest that Tom has been anything other a good father.
There's no evidence to suggest that Tom was the killer.
There's no evidence to suggest that Tom was the thief.
There's no evidence to support his guilt.
There's no evidence to warrant an arrest.
There's no evidence, is there?
There's no evidence.
There's no exception to this rule.
There's no excess with kindness.
There's no excuse for Tom's behavior.
There's no excuse for Tom's delay.
There's no excuse for excessive force.
There's no excuse for him being late.
There's no excuse for his bad behavior.
There's no excuse for his behavior.
There's no excuse for his delay.
There's no excuse for his lateness.
There's no excuse for his rude behaviour.
There's no excuse for my behavior.
There's no excuse for that!
There's no excuse for that.
There's no excuse for the way Tom acted at the party.
There's no excuse for this.
There's no excuse for what you did.
There's no excuse for your acts.
There's no excuse for your behavior.
There's no excuse for your behaviour.
There's no excuse for your guys' actions.
There's no exit.
There's no explanation for the evolution of altruism that doesn't involve kinship.
There's no explanation for this.
There's no explanation for what happened to Tom.
There's no explanation.
There's no fact checking on social media.
There's no factory farming here. Cows are treated like pets.
There's no feud like a family feud.
There's no film in this camera.
There's no final exam for this class.
There's no fire without smoke.
There's no fire.
There's no flag that can't be made ugly by the addition of the American flag's box of stars.
There's no food here. Bring the food.
There's no food left in the fridge.
There's no food left in the house.
There's no food left.
There's no food right now.
There's no food.
There's no fool like an old fool.
There's no force powerful enough to stop us.
There's no forgiveness for me!
There's no free WiFi in this hotel.
There's no free lunch here.
There's no free lunch.
There's no free wi-fi in this hotel.
There's no freedom of religion in this country.
There's no front door.
There's no fucking way I'm going to watch that series, it's a complete pain in the ass!
There's no full stop at the end of the sentence.
There's no fun in not doing anything when you have nothing to do.
There's no furniture in the room.
There's no furniture in this room.
There's no furniture left in the room.
There's no future here for me.
There's no future in time travel.
There's no gain without pain.
There's no getting along with Tom.
There's no getting away from that.
There's no getting it back.
There's no getting over that.
There's no getting through to you.
There's no giving up.
There's no goal I cannot achieve, no matter how small or high or big.
There's no goal that I can't possibly see through right to the very end and down to the finishing line.
There's no goal that is unachievable by my own terms and by my own numerous intellectual and mental abilities.
There's no going back.
There's no gold.
There's no good and evil in this world; there's only ignorance, and ignorance, my friend, rules.
There's no good answer.
There's no good or bad, or truth, or order, or beauty.
There's no good reason not to do that.
There's no good reason not to go.
There's no good restaurant in the neighborhood.
There's no grass on the moon.
There's no great hurry.
There's no great rush.
There's no greater thief than sleep, which takes half our life from us.
There's no guarantee that the stock will go up.
There's no guarantee.
There's no guard.
There's no happiness among things. It's in the hearts of the people who see and use those things.
There's no harm done.
There's no harm in asking.
There's no harm in being kissed, is there?
There's no harm in looking.
There's no harm in trying.
There's no hate like Christian love.
There's no healthier drink choice other than water.
There's no hiding from the past.
There's no hiding the fact from Tom.
There's no hiding the fact from her.
There's no hope Tom will do that.
There's no hope at this moment that the closed section will be reopened.
There's no hope for humankind.
There's no hope for me.
There's no hope for this country.
There's no hope for you.
There's no hope in salvaging anything here.
There's no hope of that happening any time soon.
There's no hope of that happening.
There's no hope that Tom will survive.
There's no hope that that's going to happen.
There's no hope that's going to happen.
There's no hope.
There's no hot water here.
There's no hot water left.
There's no hot water on the fifth floor, but there is on the ground floor.
There's no hot water on the fourth floor, but there is on the ground floor.
There's no hot water.
There's no hurry at all.
There's no hurry to do that.
There's no hurry.
There's no hurry. We have plenty of time.
There's no ice, and in any case it's too cold today for iced tea.
There's no impossible thing, just an incapable person.
There's no installation fee.
There's no instruction manual for parenthood.
There's no intention in the universe.
There's no job without benefit.
There's no justice in this world.
There's no justification for his behavior.
There's no knife.
There's no knowing what'll happen tomorrow.
There's no knowing what'll happen.
There's no known antidote.
There's no known cure.
There's no lack of opportunities.
There's no lack of poems in Esperantia, but there is a disinclination to the preposition "po."
There's no language like ours.
There's no law against it.
There's no leash law here.
There's no library in this town.
There's no life in this body.
There's no life on Pluto.
There's no life on the moon.
There's no life without hardships.
There's no lifeguard on duty.
There's no lift in my building.
There's no lift in our building.
There's no light here.
There's no light without a shadow.
There's no light without shade, and no shade without light.
There's no light.
There's no limit to his arrogance.
There's no limit.
There's no link.
There's no living room.
There's no lock on the door.
There's no logic to what you're saying.
There's no logical explanation for this.
There's no logical reason for this.
There's no longer a difference between pure and applied mathematics.
There's no longer any justification for our marriage.
There's no loo paper left!
There's no loo paper left.
There's no loo roll in the loo.
There's no loo roll left!
There's no loo roll left.
There's no love lost between Tom and his brother.
There's no love lost between these two!
There's no love lost between these two.
There's no love without jealousy.
There's no magic bullet.
There's no mail in the mailbox.
There's no manti right now.
There's no manual.
There's no meat in the refrigerator.
There's no meat left.
There's no med that would help with that.
There's no medication against the virus.
There's no membership fee for joining.
There's no mention of it here.
There's no messing around with Tom.
There's no metro in my city.
There's no microwave oven.
There's no middle ground with me in pretty much every area of life.
There's no middle ground.
There's no milk in the fridge.
There's no milk in the glass.
There's no milk in the refrigerator.
There's no milk left.
There's no minimum wage here.
There's no mistake about it.
There's no mistake about that.
There's no mistake.
There's no mistaking about that.
There's no money and there won't be any.
There's no money in my wallet.
There's no money in the cash register.
There's no money left in my bank account.
There's no money left.
There's no money to modernise the trains.
There's no money to pay for that now.
There's no money.
There's no moon tonight.
There's no more beer in the fridge.
There's no more beer.
There's no more bread.
There's no more butter in the fridge.
There's no more butter.
There's no more cheese.
There's no more coffee left.
There's no more coffee.
There's no more cold beer.
There's no more electricity.
There's no more firewood.
There's no more fish.
There's no more fitting time to have a barbecue than in the summertime.
There's no more ice cream in the freezer.
There's no more juice.
There's no more kerosene for the lantern.
There's no more left.
There's no more milk.
There's no more money in my wallet.
There's no more money.
There's no more ointment.
There's no more orange juice.
There's no more oxygen in the tank.
There's no more peach juice.
There's no more place.
There's no more red wine.
There's no more respect.
There's no more room here.
There's no more room in hell.
There's no more room.
There's no more salt.
There's no more smell.
There's no more soup.
There's no more sugar.
There's no more time to lose.
There's no more time to waste.
There's no more time.
There's no more trust!
There's no more water in the bottle.
There's no more water.
There's no more wine left.
There's no more wine.
There's no more.
There's no music without rhythm.
There's no napkin here.
There's no necessity for you to do that again.
There's no need for Nick to come to my office.
There's no need for Tom to do that.
There's no need for Tom to go there himself.
There's no need for Tom to hurry.
There's no need for a key: you input a code.
There's no need for a replacement.
There's no need for a translator.
There's no need for an apology.
There's no need for concern.
There's no need for her to go there herself.
There's no need for it.
There's no need for me to tell you.
There's no need for name calling.
There's no need for pessimism.
There's no need for that kind of behavior.
There's no need for that now.
There's no need for that.
There's no need for threats.
There's no need for us to argue about this.
There's no need for us to be sad.
There's no need for violence.
There's no need for worry.
There's no need for you to apologize.
There's no need for you to attend today's meeting.
There's no need for you to be afraid of me.
There's no need for you to be at today's meeting.
There's no need for you to be here tomorrow.
There's no need for you to be here.
There's no need for you to be sad.
There's no need for you to be spending so much money.
There's no need for you to butt in. Just let him do this on his own.
There's no need for you to come along.
There's no need for you to come here tomorrow.
There's no need for you to come in to work tomorrow.
There's no need for you to do that now.
There's no need for you to do that.
There's no need for you to feel guilty.
There's no need for you to get anxious.
There's no need for you to get upset.
There's no need for you to pay anything.
There's no need for you to prepare a formal speech.
There's no need for you to read that.
There's no need for you to rush.
There's no need for you to see it.
There's no need for you to stay here any longer.
There's no need for you to study.
There's no need for you to talk so loud.
There's no need for you to tell me. I'm not interested.
There's no need for you to work so hard.
There's no need of making such fine distinctions.
There's no need to add wood to the campfire.
There's no need to advertise a good sake.
There's no need to advertise a good wine.
There's no need to apologise.
There's no need to apologize at all.
There's no need to apologize.
There's no need to ask Tom.
There's no need to ask for permission.
There's no need to ask. You know it anyway.
There's no need to be afraid of Tom.
There's no need to be afraid of change.
There's no need to be afraid.
There's no need to be apprehensive.
There's no need to be ashamed.
There's no need to be embarrassed.
There's no need to be frightened of the dog; he is quite harmless.
There's no need to be frightened.
There's no need to be frustrated.
There's no need to be gentle.
There's no need to be good to people like that.
There's no need to be in a tizzy, it's under control.
There's no need to be insulting.
There's no need to be nasty.
There's no need to be nervous.
There's no need to be polite with this kind of person.
There's no need to be rude.
There's no need to be scared.
There's no need to be self-conscious.
There's no need to be snide about it.
There's no need to be snide.
There's no need to be so defensive.
There's no need to be so formal.
There's no need to be so rigid.
There's no need to be sorry.
There's no need to be that tense.
There's no need to be worried.
There's no need to bite my head off!
There's no need to bring lunch.
There's no need to buy any more bread.
There's no need to call a doctor.
There's no need to call anyone.
There's no need to change the oil every 3000 miles.
There's no need to change the wording.
There's no need to comment on everything.
There's no need to concern yourself.
There's no need to concern yourselves.
There's no need to continue.
There's no need to cry like a baby.
There's no need to cry like a child.
There's no need to decide just yet.
There's no need to do that anymore.
There's no need to do that now.
There's no need to do that right now.
There's no need to do that today.
There's no need to do that.
There's no need to do this anymore.
There's no need to do this.
There's no need to exaggerate.
There's no need to explain.
There's no need to fight.
There's no need to gang up on Tom just because he didn't understand the situation.
There's no need to get hysterical.
There's no need to get personal.
There's no need to get so angry.
There's no need to get so angry. Keep your temper.
There's no need to get so excited.
There's no need to get so worked up.
There's no need to get up any earlier tomorrow than you always do.
There's no need to go to all that trouble.
There's no need to go to school today.
There's no need to go to the doctor's today. I'd rather take care of it by myself.
There's no need to hail a taxi.
There's no need to help Tom.
There's no need to hide.
There's no need to hurry.
There's no need to hurry. We have lots of time.
There's no need to hurry. We have plenty of time.
There's no need to hurry. We've got plenty of time.
There's no need to hurry; take your time and enjoy yourself.
There's no need to impress anyone.
There's no need to insist.
There's no need to keep counting.
There's no need to keep doing that.
There's no need to keep doing this.
There's no need to keep looking.
There's no need to learn that language. They all speak English.
There's no need to leave yet.
There's no need to leave.
There's no need to lie.
There's no need to make it worse.
There's no need to mention that Tom did that.
There's no need to mention that Tom has been fired.
There's no need to mention that Tom was deported.
There's no need to mention that Tom was here.
There's no need to mention that Tom was the one who did this.
There's no need to panic yet.
There's no need to panic.
There's no need to panic. There's plenty of time.
There's no need to pay.
There's no need to pretend anymore.
There's no need to pretend you don't speak French.
There's no need to pretend.
There's no need to prove it.
There's no need to reply to that letter.
There's no need to resort to violence.
There's no need to rush things.
There's no need to rush.
There's no need to say anything else.
There's no need to say anything.
There's no need to see them off.
There's no need to send me letters. I can't read them, anyway.
There's no need to set the table. We're going out to eat.
There's no need to shout.
There's no need to shout. We can hear you.
There's no need to speak so loud.
There's no need to speak so loudly.
There's no need to spend so much money on something like that.
There's no need to suffer.
There's no need to take notes.
There's no need to take undue risks.
There's no need to take your phone to the bathroom.
There's no need to talk about it.
There's no need to tell Tom about this.
There's no need to tell on him and mess up their marriage.
There's no need to tempt fate.
There's no need to thank me.
There's no need to try to translate a phrase word-for-word.
There's no need to understand women, but rather accept and love them.
There's no need to upgrade.
There's no need to wait any longer.
There's no need to wait anymore.
There's no need to wait.
There's no need to wash your hair every day.
There's no need to worry about Tom.
There's no need to worry about accuracy this time; just eyeball it.
There's no need to worry about anything.
There's no need to worry about it.
There's no need to worry about me.
There's no need to worry about that at this point.
There's no need to worry about that happening again.
There's no need to worry about that happening.
There's no need to worry just because he's late.
There's no need to worry, is there?
There's no need to worry.
There's no need to write more than four hundred words.
There's no need to yell.
There's no new information yet.
There's no new thing under the sun.
There's no news from Australia.
There's no news from Boston.
There's no news yet.
There's no official estimate of casualties yet.
There's no one I admire any more than Tom.
There's no one I admire more than Tom.
There's no one I can count on.
There's no one I love more than you.
There's no one I trust more than Tom.
There's no one about.
There's no one apart from you.
There's no one around.
There's no one as Irish as Barack Obama!
There's no one as Irish as Tom.
There's no one as mentally persistent as I am towards achieving my life goals.
There's no one at home.
There's no one at the entrance.
There's no one at work but me.
There's no one at work except me.
There's no one behind me. I'm the last one.
There's no one better than you.
There's no one but me here.
There's no one but us here.
There's no one by that name here.
There's no one else here.
There's no one else left.
There's no one for me to play with.
There's no one here any more.
There's no one here apart from us.
There's no one here but us.
There's no one here by that name.
There's no one here to help us fix the problem.
There's no one here who can deal with the problem.
There's no one here who can do that.
There's no one here who can help me do that.
There's no one here who can help you.
There's no one here who can translate these documents.
There's no one here.
There's no one here. Where is everyone?
There's no one home to give sympathy.
There's no one home.
There's no one in class who can beat him at running.
There's no one in that room.
There's no one in the building now.
There's no one in the classroom.
There's no one in the garden.
There's no one in the house and I can speak freely.
There's no one in the house but her.
There's no one in the house.
There's no one in the house. They're all outside.
There's no one in the living room.
There's no one in the office at the moment.
There's no one in the park.
There's no one in the pool.
There's no one in the room.
There's no one in this movie theater.
There's no one in your bedroom.
There's no one in your room.
There's no one in.
There's no one left at home.
There's no one left here.
There's no one left to talk to.
There's no one left.
There's no one like Tom.
There's no one like her.
There's no one like him.
There's no one like you.
There's no one living in the house next door.
There's no one missing.
There's no one more deaf than he who does not want to listen.
There's no one named Tom around here.
There's no one named Tom around these parts.
There's no one named Tom here.
There's no one on the roster who can play defense.
There's no one sitting here.
There's no one that I can turn to for advice.
There's no one there.
There's no one to be seen.
There's no one to do it.
There's no one to help us.
There's no one to look after her.
There's no one who can play the guitar like Tom Jackson.
There's no one who can stand between us.
There's no one who can stand him.
There's no one who doesn't love their family.
There's no one who, leaving early in the morning for work, wouldn't envy their cat.
There's no one with Tom.
There's no one with us.
There's no one working there any more.
There's no one.
There's no orange juice left.
There's no order here.
There's no other alternative.
There's no other answer.
There's no other choice.
There's no other damage.
There's no other drink as refreshing as simple water to get yourself fully refreshed.
There's no other drink as satisfactory as water to get your thirst quenched.
There's no other explanation.
There's no other option except for waiting on him.
There's no other option.
There's no other place as full of serenity as this one on Earth.
There's no other place that makes me feel as mentally rested and relaxed as this one.
There's no other place you'd feel more serene in your own mind than this one.
There's no other possible explanation.
There's no other solution but to flee.
There's no other solution.
There's no other way in.
There's no other way it could've happened.
There's no other way of doing that.
There's no other way of doing this.
There's no other way out.
There's no other way than this now.
There's no other way that that could've happened.
There's no other way to deal with people like him.
There's no other way to describe it.
There's no other way to do it.
There's no other way to do that.
There's no other way to do this.
There's no other way to look at it.
There's no other way to say this.
There's no other way we can do this.
There's no other way.
There's no oxygen on the moon.
There's no pain.
There's no paint left.
There's no paper in the lavatory.
There's no parking in this street.
There's no parking on this street.
There's no parking space.
There's no partridge in that pear tree.
There's no password a good hacker can't crack.
There's no path to peace. Peace is the path.
There's no perfect crime.
There's no perfect system.
There's no permanent damage.
There's no place I'd rather be right now.
There's no place I'd rather be.
There's no place Tom could've gone.
There's no place else I'd rather be.
There's no place except here. There's no moment except now. Time and space are mere illusions of precarious human senses.
There's no place for me.
There's no place he hasn't searched.
There's no place here for someone like you.
There's no place here for the likes of you.
There's no place in his future for me.
There's no place in this house for you.
There's no place like Boston.
There's no place like England, and no place more fair than the English countryside.
There's no place like home.
There's no place to hide from him.
There's no place to hide.
There's no place to park.
There's no place to run.
There's no place to sit.
There's no plane on the runway.
There's no plant more prickly than a thistle.
There's no pleasing Tom, he always grumbles about everything even when we've done our best.
There's no point arguing about the matter.
There's no point arguing about what's true and what's false.
There's no point arguing with Tom.
There's no point arguing with him.
There's no point arguing with men. They are always wrong.
There's no point arguing with men. They're always wrong, anyway.
There's no point discussing that now.
There's no point doing that.
There's no point for me to go to school.
There's no point glossing over the facts.
There's no point going there now. I'm sure they are closed.
There's no point going there.
There's no point in arguing over tastes.
There's no point in arguing with Tom.
There's no point in arguing with Tom. He's always going to get his way anyway.
There's no point in arguing with someone like that.
There's no point in arguing with women.
There's no point in arguing with you.
There's no point in arguing.
There's no point in asking Tom what happened.
There's no point in asking Tom what happened; he doesn't have good episodic memory.
There's no point in asking me for money.
There's no point in asking.
There's no point in being afraid.
There's no point in being nervous.
There's no point in comparing them.
There's no point in complaining.
There's no point in crying about it now that what's done is done.
There's no point in crying about it now.
There's no point in denying it anymore.
There's no point in denying it.
There's no point in denying that happened.
There's no point in denying that that happened.
There's no point in discussing that now.
There's no point in doing that.
There's no point in doing this any longer.
There's no point in dwelling on details.
There's no point in dwelling on it any further.
There's no point in dwelling on the past.
There's no point in forgiving people who aren't sorry.
There's no point in getting angry at the universe, because the universe doesn't care.
There's no point in getting angry.
There's no point in getting upset about it.
There's no point in getting upset over this.
There's no point in getting upset.
There's no point in glossing over the facts.
There's no point in going to a place like that.
There's no point in going to the beach if it's going to rain.
There's no point in hiring a babysitter for the evening.
There's no point in hoping.
There's no point in living any longer.
There's no point in lying to oneself.
There's no point in measuring people by their ability to memorize.
There's no point in repeating.
There's no point in showing off here!
There's no point in staying here any longer.
There's no point in taking a camera.
There's no point in talking to him.
There's no point in torturing him, he isn't going to confess.
There's no point in translating a political slogan into Klingon.
There's no point in trying again.
There's no point in trying anymore.
There's no point in trying to do that today.
There's no point in us attacking each other now.
There's no point in voting anymore.
There's no point in waiting any longer.
There's no point in waiting longer.
There's no point in waiting.
There's no point in worrying about it now.
There's no point in worrying about that.
There's no point in worrying about things you can't influence.
There's no point in you meeting them, since you don't have much to offer.
There's no point panicking.
There's no point saying "Hi, how are you?" to me if you have nothing else to say.
There's no point starting a shop selling take-away lunches; there are already plenty.
There's no point talking to you, because you won't do as I say anyway.
There's no point to a T-shirt with a political slogan in Klingon.
There's no point torturing him anymore, he won't confess.
There's no point trying to deny it.
There's no point waiting any longer.
There's no point waiting.
There's no point waiting. Tom's not going to phone us anyway.
There's no point with you anymore. There's really no point.
There's no poison in this fish.
There's no possibility of Tom doing that.
There's no possibility of his coming.
There's no possibility of that happening.
There's no post in the letter box.
There's no post today.
There's no post tomorrow.
There's no potatoes left.
There's no practice during school holidays.
There's no precisely defined alternative.
There's no president of Lebanon.
There's no price tag.
There's no privacy any more.
There's no problem Tom can't solve.
There's no problem at all.
There's no problem here.
There's no problem if you want to sleep here.
There's no problem whatsoever.
There's no problem with Tom.
There's no problem with working hard, but it's also very important to know what you're working for.
There's no problem, everything is under control.
There's no problem.
There's no proof Tom did that.
There's no proof of that.
There's no proof that Tom did that.
There's no proof that it'll actually happen.
There's no proof.
There's no question Tom has done a great job.
There's no question Tom has talent.
There's no question Tom will do that.
There's no question about Tom's loyalty.
There's no question about it.
There's no question about that!
There's no question about that.
There's no question of botching this job. It must be done well.
There's no question that Tom and Mary were the thieves.
There's no question that Tom has done a great job.
There's no question that Tom was the thief.
There's no question that Tom will do that.
There's no question that Tom's got talent.
There's no question that this is what we should be doing.
There's no question they're guilty.
There's no question which Tom prefers.
There's no question.
There's no questioning that.
There's no quick fix for that.
There's no real evidence that carbon dioxide has any effect on our global climate.
There's no reason I need to do that today.
There's no reason Tom and Mary have to know why I did that.
There's no reason Tom and Mary have to know why I didn't do that.
There's no reason Tom and Mary have to know why I don't want to do that.
There's no reason Tom and Mary have to know why I want to do that.
There's no reason Tom and Mary need to know how much you bought your house for.
There's no reason Tom and Mary need to know why I did that.
There's no reason Tom and Mary need to know why I didn't do that.
There's no reason Tom and Mary need to know why I don't want to do that.
There's no reason Tom and Mary need to know why I want to do that.
There's no reason Tom has to know why I did that.
There's no reason Tom has to know why I didn't do that.
There's no reason Tom has to know why I don't want to do that.
There's no reason Tom has to know why I want to do that.
There's no reason Tom needs to know how much you bought your house for.
There's no reason Tom needs to know what Mary did.
There's no reason Tom needs to know why I did that.
There's no reason Tom needs to know why I didn't do that.
There's no reason Tom needs to know why I don't want to do that.
There's no reason Tom needs to know why I want to do that.
There's no reason Tom would do that.
There's no reason Tom would have run away.
There's no reason Tom would not want to do that.
There's no reason Tom would say something like that.
There's no reason Tom would've run away.
There's no reason Tom wouldn't want to do that.
There's no reason both of us need to go to Australia.
There's no reason both of us need to go to Boston.
There's no reason for Tom to stay.
There's no reason for a human not to help a fellow human.
There's no reason for concern.
There's no reason for me to be doing this.
There's no reason for me to do that.
There's no reason for me to go there.
There's no reason for me to stay.
There's no reason for monogamy to enjoy a privileged position in our society.
There's no reason for panic! I'm already here!
There's no reason for panic.
There's no reason for that.
There's no reason for the song to go in that direction, and I hate that it did.
There's no reason for us to be here.
There's no reason for us to do that.
There's no reason for you not to do that.
There's no reason for you not to tell Tom that.
There's no reason for you to apologize.
There's no reason for you to do that.
There's no reason for you to fear for your safety.
There's no reason for you to quit.
There's no reason for you to resign.
There's no reason for you to stay.
There's no reason not to do that.
There's no reason not to go.
There's no reason not to stay.
There's no reason not to.
There's no reason that I need to do that today.
There's no reason that Tom has to know why I did that.
There's no reason that Tom has to know why I didn't do that.
There's no reason that Tom has to know why I don't want to do that.
There's no reason that Tom has to know why I want to do that.
There's no reason that Tom needs to know how much you bought your house for.
There's no reason that Tom needs to know what Mary did.
There's no reason that Tom needs to know why I did that.
There's no reason that Tom needs to know why I didn't do that.
There's no reason that Tom needs to know why I don't want to do that.
There's no reason that Tom needs to know why I want to do that.
There's no reason that Tom would do that.
There's no reason that Tom would say something like that.
There's no reason that Tom would've run away.
There's no reason that Tom wouldn't want to do that.
There's no reason that you can't come with us.
There's no reason that you shouldn't do that.
There's no reason that you shouldn't try doing that.
There's no reason to ask that question.
There's no reason to be afraid of Tom.
There's no reason to be afraid.
There's no reason to be alarmed.
There's no reason to be angry with Tom.
There's no reason to be embarrassed by it.
There's no reason to be nervous.
There's no reason to be scared.
There's no reason to believe it.
There's no reason to believe that things will change.
There's no reason to believe that things will get better.
There's no reason to change our plans.
There's no reason to change that.
There's no reason to change this.
There's no reason to come.
There's no reason to complain.
There's no reason to do something like that.
There's no reason to do that.
There's no reason to feel embarrassed. Your pronunciation is generally correct.
There's no reason to fix something that isn't broken.
There's no reason to get angry.
There's no reason to get upset.
There's no reason to get worked up.
There's no reason to go on living.
There's no reason to go.
There's no reason to hang your head in shame like that.
There's no reason to hold back now.
There's no reason to it.
There's no reason to keep it a secret.
There's no reason to laugh.
There's no reason to live.
There's no reason to panic.
There's no reason to panic. Just handle it quickly.
There's no reason to panic... yet.
There's no reason to rush things.
There's no reason to rush.
There's no reason to shout.
There's no reason to start doing that now.
There's no reason to stay here any longer.
There's no reason to stay.
There's no reason to think about it anymore.
There's no reason to think that'll happen.
There's no reason to try doing that now.
There's no reason to worry.
There's no reason we can't do that.
There's no reason we should do that.
There's no reason we shouldn't buy this.
There's no reason we shouldn't do that.
There's no reason we shouldn't invite Tom.
There's no reason whatsoever to do it.
There's no reason why I should become a physician because my father is one.
There's no reason why I should go there.
There's no reason why I shouldn't do that.
There's no reason why Tom shouldn't do that.
There's no reason why it couldn't be done.
There's no reason why that can't happen.
There's no reason why you can't stay for a few more days, right?
There's no reason why you need to leave.
There's no reason why you should do that.
There's no reason why you should go.
There's no reason why you should replace your computer every 5 years.
There's no reason why you should stay any longer.
There's no reason why you should trust me.
There's no reason why you shouldn't do it.
There's no reason why you shouldn't do that.
There's no reason why you shouldn't get on well with your mother-in-law.
There's no reason why you shouldn't stay a while longer.
There's no reason you can't do that.
There's no reason you need to stay here.
There's no reason you should trust me.
There's no reason you shouldn't do that.
There's no reason.
There's no reasonable reason for that.
There's no reasoning with Tom.
There's no reasoning with them.
There's no reasoning with you.
There's no reception here.
There's no red thread.
There's no reliable test at present.
There's no relief?
There's no remorse.
There's no reply to that question immediately.
There's no reset button.
There's no response from the moon base.
There's no response.
There's no rest for the wicked.
There's no rhyme or reason to life and death. Many people who do all the right things die early anyway, while others live to an old age.
There's no rhyme or reason to that plan.
There's no right answer here.
There's no right answer to this question.
There's no right answer.
There's no right or wrong way to grieve.
There's no right way to dance.
There's no risk.
There's no road in front of that house.
There's no road in front of the house.
There's no room at home for a washing machine.
There's no room for anybody else.
There's no room for anyone else.
There's no room for anything else in my closet.
There's no room for anything else in the suitcase.
There's no room for anything else.
There's no room for anything more.
There's no room for doubt.
There's no room for excuses when it comes to your negligence, is there?
There's no room for my feet there.
There's no room for us to sit down.
There's no room for you in my car.
There's no room in my closet for anything else.
There's no room to expand.
There's no room to study here. If only I had a room of my own!
There's no room under the bed.
There's no rule against coworkers dating.
There's no rule against that.
There's no running water here.
There's no running water.
There's no rush on those.
There's no rush to do that.
There's no rush to get married.
There's no rush.
There's no rush. I can wait.
There's no rush. If you would, in your own time.
There's no rush. The deadline is three weeks from today.
There's no rush. We have plenty of time.
There's no safe and effective treatment.
There's no safe way to do that.
There's no salad left.
There's no salad oil left.
There's no salt in the salt shaker.
There's no salt in this shaker.
There's no salt left.
There's no salt.
There's no school in August.
There's no school today.
There's no scientific explanation for this.
There's no scientific proof.
There's no sea between Europe and Asia.
There's no secret about it.
There's no secret plan.
There's no sense acting all triumphant like a conquering hero over such a minor thing.
There's no sense in doing that.
There's no sense in me stressing about it.
There's no sentence with #264405.
There's no set policy.
There's no set schedule that you have to follow.
There's no set schedule that you need to follow.
There's no set schedule you have to follow.
There's no set schedule you need to follow.
There's no set time to have a barbecue, you can have it at any time of the year, except maybe during winter.
There's no shame at all in saying, "I made a mistake."
There's no shame in admitting that you don't know something.
There's no shame in asking for help.
There's no shame in being poor.
There's no shame in losing to such a great player.
There's no shame in that.
There's no shortage of candidates.
There's no shortage of food now.
There's no shortage of good books; on the contrary, there are plenty of them.
There's no shortage of opportunities.
There's no shortage of people willing to help us.
There's no shortage of possible suspects.
There's no shortage of problems in her family.
There's no shortage of rocks.
There's no shortage of stones.
There's no shortage of toilet paper.
There's no shortage of work around here.
There's no shortage of work.
There's no shortcuts to nirvana.
There's no shoulder on this part of the highway because of road construction.
There's no sign of a struggle.
There's no sign of any damage.
There's no sign of anything happening in there.
There's no sign of damage to the hull.
There's no sign of forced break-in.
There's no sign of foul play.
There's no sign of infection.
There's no sign of life here.
There's no sign of life.
There's no sign of structural damage.
There's no sign of them.
There's no signature on this letter.
There's no silver bullet.
There's no simple answer.
There's no simple solution.
There's no single answer to that question.
There's no single right way to learn. Whatever works best for you is what's right for you.
There's no smoke without fire.
There's no snow on the ground.
There's no snow today.
There's no soap left.
There's no soap.
There's no solid evidence against Tom.
There's no solution to this problem.
There's no solution.
There's no sound.
There's no soup left.
There's no space in the room for another bed.
There's no spaghetti left.
There's no speech.
There's no speed limit on the Autobahn in Germany.
There's no speed limit on this stretch of motorway.
There's no speed limit on this stretch of the Autobahn.
There's no speed limit.
There's no statue of limitations on crimes against humanity.
There's no steak there.
There's no stopping Tom.
There's no stopping her.
There's no stopping him.
There's no stopping now.
There's no stopping them.
There's no strength left to walk.
There's no strength left.
There's no stronger will-power than the one of Capricorns.
There's no student discount.
There's no substitute for experience.
There's no substitute for hard work.
There's no substitute for this.
There's no substitute.
There's no success without perseverance.
There's no such city.
There's no such country.
There's no such distinction.
There's no such place.
There's no such rule.
There's no such thing as Artificial Intelligence.
There's no such thing as ESP.
There's no such thing as a bad person.
There's no such thing as a body language expert.
There's no such thing as a free lunch.
There's no such thing as a king.
There's no such thing as a money tree.
There's no such thing as a natural hierarchy.
There's no such thing as a perfect human being.
There's no such thing as a perfect sentence. Just as there's no such thing as perfect despair.
There's no such thing as a woman not afraid of cockroaches.
There's no such thing as an ephebophile. The proper term is pedophile.
There's no such thing as bad people.
There's no such thing as bad weather.
There's no such thing as black magic.
There's no such thing as happiness.
There's no such thing as leftover crack.
There's no such thing as luck.
There's no such thing as objective reality.
There's no such thing as perfection.
There's no such thing as reality.
There's no such thing as too much garlic.
There's no such thing as trans ideology. It was made up by the right so they wouldn't have to admit they were going after human beings trying to live their lives.
There's no such thing as wokeism.
There's no such thing.
There's no such word as "can't".
There's no such word in Russian.
There's no such word.
There's no suds.
There's no suffering in the depths of love, and there never has been.
There's no sugar here.
There's no sugar in my tea.
There's no sugar left.
There's no sugar.
There's no table in the room.
There's no taking back what you've done.
There's no talking to him when he's angry.
There's no tangible connection.
There's no tape in this camera.
There's no telling how long it'll take us to find Tom.
There's no telling how long they'll last.
There's no telling how this might end.
There's no telling what Tom might do next.
There's no telling what Tom will do.
There's no telling what he'll do next.
There's no telling what kind of trouble this proposal might stir up. The result is certainly going to be something to see.
There's no telling what might happen.
There's no telling what'll happen.
There's no telling when Tom will do that.
There's no telling when she'll stab you in the back.
There's no telling where they're holding Tom.
There's no telling who might win.
There's no telling who'll be sent in his place.
There's no third chance.
There's no third choice.
There's no third course.
There's no third option.
There's no third possibility.
There's no time for explanation.
There's no time for explanations.
There's no time for questions.
There's no time for talking. Time has come to act!
There's no time for that now.
There's no time for that.
There's no time for this.
There's no time for tomfoolery!
There's no time left to lose.
There's no time left to waste.
There's no time left.
There's no time like the present!
There's no time like the present.
There's no time to argue.
There's no time to do that now.
There's no time to do that today.
There's no time to do that.
There's no time to explain.
There's no time to lose, is there?
There's no time to lose.
There's no time to spare.
There's no time to talk about that now.
There's no time to talk.
There's no time to tell you everything you need to know.
There's no time to tell you everything.
There's no time to think!
There's no time to waste.
There's no time to worry about that now.
There's no time, so ready-made pack OK?
There's no time.
There's no toilet paper in the bathroom.
There's no toilet paper in the loo.
There's no toilet paper left!
There's no toilet paper left.
There's no toilet paper!
There's no toilet paper.
There's no toilet paper; there's just a hose.
There's no tomorrow for these people.
There's no traffic jam.
There's no train this morning.
There's no truth to that rumor.
There's no truth to the rumor.
There's no turning back now.
There's no turning back time.
There's no turning back.
There's no unachievable goal by my own terms.
There's no underground in my city.
There's no universal truth that applies to all.
There's no urgency.
There's no use arguing about it.
There's no use arguing about that.
There's no use arguing about this.
There's no use arguing with Tom.
There's no use arguing with that.
There's no use arguing.
There's no use crying and complaining. Try to be content with what you have.
There's no use crying for help. No one will hear you.
There's no use crying for help. Nobody will hear you.
There's no use crying over spilled milk.
There's no use crying over spilt milk.
There's no use crying.
There's no use for plastic supermarket bags aside from putting trash in them.
There's no use in arguing.
There's no use in crying. No one will hear you.
There's no use in pretending anymore.
There's no use in trying to persuade Tom to do that.
There's no use making excuses.
There's no use making such a thing.
There's no use reasoning with Anne now.
There's no use screaming for help. Nobody will hear you.
There's no use shouting for help. Nobody will hear you.
There's no use trying to persuade him.
There's no use trying to reason with Tom.
There's no use trying.
There's no use waiting for Tom any longer.
There's no use waiting for Tom.
There's no use yelling for help. Nobody will hear you.
There's no use your pretending that you're not scared.
There's no wait time.
There's no wardrobe in this room.
There's no water at all in this desert.
There's no water coming from the tap.
There's no water coming out of the shower.
There's no water coming out of the tap.
There's no water for drinking.
There's no water here.
There's no water in that tank.
There's no water in the bucket.
There's no water in the pool.
There's no water in the stream.
There's no water in the tub.
There's no water in the well.
There's no water in this glass.
There's no water left in the bottle.
There's no water left.
There's no water on the table.
There's no water.
There's no way I can accept that.
There's no way I can beat Tom in a race.
There's no way I can catch Tom.
There's no way I can catch her.
There's no way I can catch him.
There's no way I can catch them.
There's no way I can catch you.
There's no way I can do it.
There's no way I can do that by myself.
There's no way I can do that without some help.
There's no way I can do that.
There's no way I can do this in time.
There's no way I can finish doing this by tomorrow.
There's no way I can finish this by tomorrow.
There's no way I can get this done by tomorrow.
There's no way I can handle this by myself.
There's no way I can just leave.
There's no way I can learn how to do that.
There's no way I can learn that.
There's no way I can lose this time.
There's no way I can make it to your party.
There's no way I can make it up to you.
There's no way I can marry you now.
There's no way I can protect you.
There's no way I can swim that far.
There's no way I can understand his speech.
There's no way I could beat Tom.
There's no way I could do something like that in front of people.
There's no way I could do that without some help.
There's no way I could do that.
There's no way I could have refused to do that.
There's no way I could know that, is there?
There's no way I could possibly afford that.
There's no way I could've refused to do that.
There's no way I got that question wrong.
There's no way I want to get involved in this.
There's no way I wrote that.
There's no way I'd do that.
There's no way I'd leave without you.
There's no way I'd watch that kind of movie.
There's no way I'd wear a shirt like that.
There's no way I'll be able to do that by myself.
There's no way I'll continue this conversation.
There's no way I'll do that.
There's no way I'll ever do that.
There's no way I'll get there in time.
There's no way I'll win.
There's no way I'm coming.
There's no way I'm doing that.
There's no way I'm ever going to be able to do that.
There's no way I'm ever going to do that.
There's no way I'm giving up my bed for him.
There's no way I'm going in there.
There's no way I'm going to dance with Mary.
There's no way I'm going to do that by myself.
There's no way I'm going to do that today.
There's no way I'm going to do that with Tom.
There's no way I'm going to do that.
There's no way I'm going to find Tom in this place.
There's no way I'm going to get this done in time.
There's no way I'm going to go jogging with Tom.
There's no way I'm going to leave you alone here.
There's no way I'm going to let you do anything.
There's no way I'm going to let you do that.
There's no way I'm going to pay for your ticket.
There's no way I'm going to win.
There's no way I'm going to work on Sunday.
There's no way I'm leaving you here alone with Tom.
There's no way I'm letting Tom go out after dark.
There's no way I'm letting you spend your birthday alone.
There's no way I'm reading that.
There's no way I'm taking the rap for his mistakes.
There's no way I'm turning back.
There's no way Mary could've done this by herself.
There's no way Mary could've done what you said she did.
There's no way Mary did that by herself.
There's no way Mary did that herself.
There's no way Mary did that on her own.
There's no way Mary will ever do that by herself.
There's no way Mary would've done what you say she did.
There's no way Tom and I are going to do that by ourselves.
There's no way Tom and I are going to do that today.
There's no way Tom and I are going to do that.
There's no way Tom and Mary are going to do that.
There's no way Tom and Mary could've done this by themselves.
There's no way Tom and Mary could've done what you said they did.
There's no way Tom and Mary did that by themselves.
There's no way Tom and Mary did that on their own.
There's no way Tom and Mary did that themselves.
There's no way Tom and Mary haven't done that.
There's no way Tom and Mary will ever do that by themselves.
There's no way Tom and Mary would've done what you say they did.
There's no way Tom can do that and not be a machine in disguise.
There's no way Tom can do that by himself.
There's no way Tom can do that.
There's no way Tom can save up enough money in one year to buy a house.
There's no way Tom can verify the information.
There's no way Tom could do that by himself.
There's no way Tom could have done this by himself.
There's no way Tom could have done this without help.
There's no way Tom could have done what you said he did.
There's no way Tom could've done this by himself.
There's no way Tom could've done this without help.
There's no way Tom could've done what you said he did.
There's no way Tom did that by himself.
There's no way Tom did that himself.
There's no way Tom did that on his own.
There's no way Tom did that without any help.
There's no way Tom did that.
There's no way Tom didn't do that.
There's no way Tom hasn't done that.
There's no way Tom is Canadian. I'm Canadian and I can't understand his accent.
There's no way Tom is from Australia. I'm from Australia and I can't understand his accent.
There's no way Tom is going to do that by himself.
There's no way Tom is going to do that today.
There's no way Tom is going to do that.
There's no way Tom knows Mary.
There's no way Tom lied.
There's no way Tom will be able to do that.
There's no way Tom will be on time.
There's no way Tom will change.
There's no way Tom will cry.
There's no way Tom will do that.
There's no way Tom will ever change.
There's no way Tom will ever do that by himself.
There's no way Tom will ever do that.
There's no way Tom will ever win.
There's no way Tom will quit.
There's no way Tom will win the race.
There's no way Tom will win.
There's no way Tom would do something like that.
There's no way Tom would do something that stupid.
There's no way Tom would do that.
There's no way Tom would ever do that.
There's no way Tom would ever forget to do that.
There's no way Tom would ever marry Mary.
There's no way Tom would forget to do that.
There's no way Tom would have done that.
There's no way Tom would have done what you say he did.
There's no way Tom would lend his car to me.
There's no way Tom would lend me his car.
There's no way Tom would say something like that.
There's no way Tom would want to do that.
There's no way Tom would've done that.
There's no way Tom would've done what you say he did.
There's no way Tom'll win.
There's no way anyone other than Tom could have done this.
There's no way anyone other than Tom could've done this.
There's no way around that.
There's no way back. It only goes forward.
There's no way back. We have to keep going.
There's no way for me to go there.
There's no way for you to say something that will confuse me.
There's no way further.
There's no way he can win this election.
There's no way he's going to win the election.
There's no way he's such an idiot!
There's no way in.
There's no way it cost that much.
There's no way it costs that much.
There's no way it'll be enough.
There's no way it's already five o'clock.
There's no way it's five o'clock already.
There's no way my friend bought that thing!
There's no way of knowing where he was going.
There's no way of knowing where he was heading.
There's no way of knowing where he went.
There's no way of securing it.
There's no way of telling what the future will hold.
There's no way of telling who'll win.
There's no way of telling.
There's no way off the island.
There's no way one that big is going to go on a bike's luggage rest.
There's no way out but forward.
There's no way out of here.
There's no way out of here. We're trapped.
There's no way out.
There's no way people can live forever.
There's no way she'll ever marry Sato.
There's no way something like that would really happen, but it seemed just right to drive the point home.
There's no way that I can do that by myself.
There's no way that I can do that today.
There's no way that I can do what Tom is doing.
There's no way that I'll ever do that.
There's no way that I'll go to the movies to watch Disney's new Star Wars.
There's no way that Tom can do that by himself.
There's no way that Tom can do that.
There's no way that Tom could have stolen the money without being seen.
There's no way that Tom could've stolen the money without being seen.
There's no way that Tom knows Mary.
There's no way that Tom speaks three languages.
There's no way that Tom will ever be able to juggle.
There's no way that Tom will lose.
There's no way that could be true.
There's no way that could happen.
There's no way that fits.
There's no way that we're going to be able to get approved for a loan.
There's no way that you can do that by yourself.
There's no way that you can do that by yourselves.
There's no way that'll work.
There's no way that's going to be enough.
There's no way that's going to happen.
There's no way that's going to work well.
There's no way that's possible.
There's no way that's true.
There's no way they could possibly know.
There's no way they would publish something like that.
There's no way they're gonna win this game.
There's no way this is going to work.
There's no way through here.
There's no way to alleviate the adverse effects of the medication.
There's no way to avoid it.
There's no way to convince him. He absolutely insists that the only way to solve the problem is his way.
There's no way to defeat Tom.
There's no way to do that.
There's no way to do this without Tom.
There's no way to escape.
There's no way to explain this in a way that Tom will likely understand.
There's no way to find his house.
There's no way to find one's place in this country.
There's no way to fix this.
There's no way to force them to do that.
There's no way to foresee the consequences.
There's no way to get in touch with him.
There's no way to get off the island.
There's no way to keep Tom from going.
There's no way to know for sure if Tom was the one who did this.
There's no way to know for sure.
There's no way to know how much that will cost.
There's no way to know how much time it's going to take.
There's no way to know what'll happen tomorrow.
There's no way to know where he went.
There's no way to know who's coming.
There's no way to know.
There's no way to please everyone in this industry.
There's no way to polish a hedgehog.
There's no way to predict what you will dream tonight.
There's no way to predict what'll happen.
There's no way to predict what's going to happen.
There's no way to prevent that.
There's no way to prevent this.
There's no way to protect you.
There's no way to prove that isn't true.
There's no way to replace that.
There's no way to save everybody.
There's no way to tell.
There's no way to translate it.
There's no way to waste more time than by learning Esperanto.
There's no way to win.
There's no way we can do that by 2:30.
There's no way we can do that.
There's no way we can get home by 2:30.
There's no way we can get that done by tomorrow.
There's no way we can get this done by next Monday.
There's no way we can get this done.
There's no way we can win with all these key players gone.
There's no way we can win with so many key players gone.
There's no way we'll be able to win.
There's no way we'll get there in time.
There's no way we'll win.
There's no way we're going to do that.
There's no way we're going to eat everything you've served us on the kitchen table.
There's no way we're the only planet with life in the universe.
There's no way you can do it.
There's no way you can do that by yourself.
There's no way you can do that by yourselves.
There's no way you can do that.
There's no way you can get bored with him around, he always keeps things fun and exciting.
There's no way you can jump that far.
There's no way you can prove that.
There's no way you can win.
There's no way you'll be able to do that by yourself.
There's no way you'll be able to persuade Tom to do that.
There's no way you're going out dressed like that.
There's no way you're going to be able to buy a ticket.
There's no way you're going to be able to do that.
There's no way you're going to survive in this place if you don't scavenge.
There's no way.
There's no wedding.
There's no wind at all.
There's no wind here.
There's no wind today.
There's no wind tonight.
There's no wind.
There's no wine in that bottle.
There's no wine in the bottle.
There's no wine left in that bottle.
There's no witness.
There's no word for "saudade" in English. They say "I miss you", which literally means "I lost you".
There's no word on a timescale for the project yet.
There's no work today.
There's no work.
There's no worse pain than kidney stones.
There's no-one in the house; they're all outside.
There's no-one like that around here.
There's nobody I love more than I love you.
There's nobody at the door.
There's nobody at the entrance.
There's nobody better than Tom.
There's nobody building now.
There's nobody by that name in this star system.
There's nobody else I'd rather spend the weekend with than you.
There's nobody else here.
There's nobody else in the room.
There's nobody else.
There's nobody for me to play with.
There's nobody here by that name.
There's nobody here who can do that.
There's nobody here.
There's nobody here. Where are they all?
There's nobody home.
There's nobody in that room.
There's nobody in the building now.
There's nobody in the classroom.
There's nobody in the house.
There's nobody in the house. Everybody's outside.
There's nobody in the kitchen.
There's nobody in the park.
There's nobody in the pool.
There's nobody in your room.
There's nobody inside.
There's nobody left to help us.
There's nobody left.
There's nobody like Tom.
There's nobody like you.
There's nobody living in the house next door.
There's nobody on this ship except us.
There's nobody that wouldn't see that.
There's nobody there.
There's nobody to help us.
There's nobody whose saliva doesn't stink.
There's nobody with us.
There's nobody.
There's none left for you anymore.
There's none left.
There's none left?
There's none so blind as those who will not see.
There's none so deaf as those who will not hear.
There's none so deaf as those who won't hear.
There's not a big difference.
There's not a centimeter of earth my foot hasn't touched.
There's not a chance that that'll work.
There's not a chance that'll work.
There's not a chance.
There's not a cloud in sight.
There's not a cloud in the sky.
There's not a damn thing wrong with me!
There's not a damn thing you can say to convince me otherwise.
There's not a drop of water left.
There's not a joy the world can give like that it takes away.
There's not a lift in my building.
There's not a living soul around here.
There's not a lot happening at the moment.
There's not a lot of customers in that pub.
There's not a lot of furniture in my house.
There's not a lot of punters in that pub.
There's not a lot of time left until the meeting starts. Let's go inside and have a look at who's there.
There's not a lot of time to finish.
There's not a malicious bone in Tom's body.
There's not a man in the world who seems good enough for my daughter.
There's not a moment to lose.
There's not a moment to waste.
There's not a patch of green to be seen anywhere in this city, not even one as big as your fingernail.
There's not a precisely defined alternative.
There's not a scrap of bread in the house.
There's not a second that goes by that I don't think about you.
There's not a single car on the street.
There's not a single goal that is unreachable by my own terms.
There's not a single piece of bread in the house.
There's not a single safe place anymore in Japan.
There's not a single tree here.
There's not a soul about.
There's not a soul here.
There's not a soul there.
There's not a whole lot happening here at the moment.
There's not a whole lot happening right now.
There's not any chance of that happening.
There's not any running water.
There's not enough air in this tyre.
There's not enough alcohol in the world for that.
There's not enough coffee for everyone.
There's not enough coffee in the world for that.
There's not enough coffee.
There's not enough food for all of us.
There's not enough food.
There's not enough housing for students.
There's not enough jail space.
There's not enough light in that room to do needlework.
There's not enough light in this room for sewing.
There's not enough light to take pictures.
There's not enough mayo in my sandwich.
There's not enough memory.
There's not enough on-campus housing for students.
There's not enough oxygen in this house. Open the windows.
There's not enough room for everybody.
There's not enough room for everyone.
There's not enough room for us to get in at the same time.
There's not enough room here for forty people.
There's not enough room here.
There's not enough room in here for both Tom and Mary.
There's not enough room in the trunk for another suitcase.
There's not enough room in this room for a pool table.
There's not enough salt in the bouillon.
There's not enough space for all my shoes.
There's not enough space for you here.
There's not enough space here for 40 people.
There's not enough space in my car for anybody else.
There's not enough space in my car for anyone else.
There's not enough student housing.
There's not enough time to do that before Tom gets here.
There's not enough time to do that now.
There's not enough time to do that.
There's not enough time to eat now.
There's not enough time.
There's not enough water.
There's not enough wind today to go sailing.
There's not even a cloud in the sky.
There's not even one orange on the table.
There's not even the slightest doubt.
There's not going to be a party.
There's not going to be a wedding.
There's not much I can do for you now.
There's not much I can do for you.
There's not much I can do to help, I'm afraid.
There's not much Tom can do about it.
There's not much Tom can do about that now.
There's not much anyone can do.
There's not much by way of mystery about his own personality.
There's not much chance Tom will be there.
There's not much chance Tom will do that.
There's not much chance Tom will help us.
There's not much chance it'll rain tomorrow.
There's not much chance of that happening.
There's not much chance that Tom will be there.
There's not much chance that Tom will do that.
There's not much chance that Tom will help us.
There's not much chance that Tom will want to do that.
There's not much chance that it'll rain tomorrow.
There's not much chance that that'll happen.
There's not much chance that the thief will be found.
There's not much chance that'll happen.
There's not much coffee left.
There's not much difference between the two opinions.
There's not much difference between the two schools.
There's not much difference between the two.
There's not much difference between the way men do that and the way women do that.
There's not much difference.
There's not much doubt about the cause of the fire.
There's not much else I can do.
There's not much else to say.
There's not much evidence in support of astrology.
There's not much food left.
There's not much food.
There's not much going on.
There's not much happening here.
There's not much happening now.
There's not much hope.
There's not much juice left in the bottle.
There's not much left of the milk.
There's not much left to do.
There's not much left to say.
There's not much light for reading here.
There's not much milk left.
There's not much more for us to do.
There's not much more to add.
There's not much more to learn.
There's not much more to say.
There's not much paper left.
There's not much room at my place.
There's not much snow here, but there's plenty of snow at the nearby ski slopes.
There's not much snow on the ground.
There's not much sugar left in the jar.
There's not much sugar left in the sugar bowl.
There's not much sunlight now.
There's not much tea left in the pot.
There's not much text in this book.
There's not much that we can do to help.
There's not much time left to decide.
There's not much time left.
There's not much time.
There's not much to be found in northern Wisconsin.
There's not much to go on, but here's what we know.
There's not much to it.
There's not much to look forward to.
There's not much to say.
There's not much to see there.
There's not much to see.
There's not much to tell.
There's not much to visit.
There's not much traffic on this road after 8.00 p.m.
There's not much traffic on this road after 8:00 p.m.
There's not much traffic on this road after eight in the evening.
There's not much traffic on this road.
There's not much water in the bottle.
There's not much water left.
There's not much we can do for Tom.
There's not much we can do now.
There's not much we can do to help.
There's not much wind today.
There's not much wine left.
There's not much you can do about it.
There's not one student here.
There's not so much text in this book.
There's not very many customers today.
There's nothing God can't do.
There's nothing I can about that.
There's nothing I can do about Tom.
There's nothing I can do about it.
There's nothing I can do about that today.
There's nothing I can do about that.
There's nothing I can do anymore! It's over.
There's nothing I can do but give up the idea of going abroad.
There's nothing I can do for you.
There's nothing I can do here.
There's nothing I can do now.
There's nothing I can do that Tom can't do.
There's nothing I can do that Tom can't.
There's nothing I can do to change that.
There's nothing I can do to dissuade him.
There's nothing I can do to help Tom.
There's nothing I can do to help her.
There's nothing I can do to help him.
There's nothing I can do to help them.
There's nothing I can do to help you now.
There's nothing I can do to help you.
There's nothing I can do to help.
There's nothing I can do to stop that.
There's nothing I can do to you that you haven't already done to yourself.
There's nothing I can do.
There's nothing I can tell you that you don't already know.
There's nothing I can tell you.
There's nothing I can't do.
There's nothing I could ever say that would make Tom change his mind.
There's nothing I don't eat.
There's nothing I fear more.
There's nothing I inherited.
There's nothing I like as much as the smell of roses.
There's nothing I like more than spaghetti.
There's nothing I like more than swimming.
There's nothing I really have to do today.
There's nothing I want from you.
There's nothing I want to say to you.
There's nothing I wish for more than this.
There's nothing I wouldn't do for Tom.
There's nothing I wouldn't do for my family.
There's nothing I wouldn't do for you.
There's nothing I'd like more than to spend the afternoon with you.
There's nothing I'll be able to do about that today.
There's nothing Tom can change now.
There's nothing Tom can do for you.
There's nothing Tom can do now.
There's nothing Tom can do that I can't do better.
There's nothing Tom can do to help Mary.
There's nothing Tom can do to help me.
There's nothing Tom can do to help us.
There's nothing Tom can do.
There's nothing Tom can't do.
There's nothing Tom hates more than lying.
There's nothing Tom would rather do.
There's nothing about Tom that surprises us anymore.
There's nothing above us.
There's nothing absolutely perfect in the world.
There's nothing any of us can do for Tom now except let him die with dignity.
There's nothing anyone can do about that.
There's nothing anyone can do now.
There's nothing anyone can do to change it.
There's nothing as precious as love.
There's nothing back there.
There's nothing better than a beer after playing baseball.
There's nothing better than a cold beer on a hot day.
There's nothing better than a delicious meal.
There's nothing better than a few bottles of good red wine drunk with good friends.
There's nothing better than a good cup of coffee to start off the day.
There's nothing better than a good novel.
There's nothing better than a good onion soup to drive away the hangover after a night of drinking.
There's nothing better than a hearty bowl of lentil soup!
There's nothing better than a pretty graph to bedazzle the foolish. They even went to war in Iraq that way!
There's nothing better than a slice of Nan's apple pie.
There's nothing better than homemade bread.
There's nothing better than reading in the long autumn nights.
There's nothing better than returning home from work and seeing you!
There's nothing better than taking a nice walk.
There's nothing better than that.
There's nothing better than this.
There's nothing better to do.
There's nothing between Mary and me. She's just a friend.
There's nothing between Tom and me. He's just a friend.
There's nothing between us.
There's nothing but milk in the fridge.
There's nothing cultural in Baudo's interview.
There's nothing cynical in being alive.
There's nothing decent on telly, and I've read the newspaper twice. I'll call it a night.
There's nothing down here.
There's nothing down there.
There's nothing easier than speaking.
There's nothing else I can do for you.
There's nothing else I can do.
There's nothing else I have to buy.
There's nothing else I have to do.
There's nothing else I need to buy.
There's nothing else I need to do right now.
There's nothing else I need to do.
There's nothing else I want to buy.
There's nothing else I want to do.
There's nothing else I'd rather be doing right now.
There's nothing else I'd rather do.
There's nothing else Tom has to buy.
There's nothing else Tom has to do.
There's nothing else Tom needs to buy.
There's nothing else Tom needs to do.
There's nothing else Tom wants to buy.
There's nothing else for me here.
There's nothing else for us here.
There's nothing else for us to talk about.
There's nothing else in the box.
There's nothing else in the drawer.
There's nothing else in the fridge.
There's nothing else left for us but to make a decision.
There's nothing else left to be done.
There's nothing else to be worried about.
There's nothing else to discuss.
There's nothing else to do.
There's nothing else to drink.
There's nothing else to eat.
There's nothing else to say.
There's nothing else to talk about.
There's nothing else we can do here.
There's nothing else we can do.
There's nothing else we have to do.
There's nothing else we need to do.
There's nothing else we want to do.
There's nothing else you can do.
There's nothing else.
There's nothing equivalent to "already" in the English version, but maybe it's implicit?
There's nothing for it but to go.
There's nothing for it but to leave.
There's nothing for it but to wait and see.
There's nothing for me here.
There's nothing for me to do.
There's nothing for us here.
There's nothing for us to do here.
There's nothing for you here.
There's nothing for you to worry about.
There's nothing fun about that.
There's nothing funny about sharting.
There's nothing funny about that.
There's nothing funny going on.
There's nothing going on between Tom and Mary.
There's nothing going on between Tom and me.
There's nothing going on between me and Tom.
There's nothing going on between us.
There's nothing going on here.
There's nothing going on.
There's nothing good on TV tonight.
There's nothing good on television now.
There's nothing good on television.
There's nothing good on.
There's nothing greater than that.
There's nothing happening on TV.
There's nothing happening on television.
There's nothing happening.
There's nothing harder than a diamond.
There's nothing he can do.
There's nothing he can't do.
There's nothing here but clothing.
There's nothing here for us.
There's nothing here for you.
There's nothing here that anybody would want to steal.
There's nothing here to envy.
There's nothing here.
There's nothing holding Tom here.
There's nothing illegal about creating a shell company.
There's nothing illegal about that.
There's nothing important in the paper.
There's nothing important in this paragraph, so you can get rid of it.
There's nothing important in this paragraph; it can therefore be removed.
There's nothing in her hand.
There's nothing in her room.
There's nothing in here but a lot of useless junk.
There's nothing in here but these boxes.
There's nothing in here.
There's nothing in it for me.
There's nothing in my attic.
There's nothing in my cup.
There's nothing in my wallet.
There's nothing in that room.
There's nothing in the basket.
There's nothing in the bin.
There's nothing in the bottle.
There's nothing in the box.
There's nothing in the bucket.
There's nothing in the fridge except milk.
There's nothing in the fridge.
There's nothing in the garbage can.
There's nothing in the refrigerator except milk.
There's nothing in the refrigerator.
There's nothing in the trunk.
There's nothing in the works.
There's nothing in there but putrid meat.
There's nothing in there.
There's nothing in this box.
There's nothing in this closet.
There's nothing in this drawer.
There's nothing in this room.
There's nothing in this world that I'm afraid of.
There's nothing inevitable about all this.
There's nothing inside my skull.
There's nothing inside.
There's nothing interesting on the Internet today.
There's nothing interesting on the moon.
There's nothing interesting to know about me, which is kind of interesting, I guess.
There's nothing left between us.
There's nothing left but a couple of apples.
There's nothing left for me here.
There's nothing left for me now.
There's nothing left for me to do.
There's nothing left for us to do here.
There's nothing left for you to do, is there?
There's nothing left in the drawer.
There's nothing left in the fridge.
There's nothing left in the refrigerator.
There's nothing left that needs to be done today.
There's nothing left there.
There's nothing left to be done.
There's nothing left to be said.
There's nothing left to buy in that shop.
There's nothing left to discuss.
There's nothing left to do aside from packing.
There's nothing left to do but leave.
There's nothing left to do here.
There's nothing left to do.
There's nothing left to drink at home.
There's nothing left to drink.
There's nothing left to eat at home.
There's nothing left to eat.
There's nothing left to lose.
There's nothing left to say.
There's nothing left to talk about.
There's nothing left to tell.
There's nothing left to translate.
There's nothing left to worry about.
There's nothing left.
There's nothing like a dish of homemade ice cream.
There's nothing like a glass of natural, freshly squeezed juice.
There's nothing like a good amount of greasy food on a day at the beach.
There's nothing like a good cup of tea.
There's nothing like a good hot bath.
There's nothing like a good night's sleep.
There's nothing like a mother's love for her children.
There's nothing like close combat to test one's mettle.
There's nothing like cold watermelon in the summer.
There's nothing like cottage cheese.
There's nothing like digging up money, it's good fun.
There's nothing like doing it yourself!
There's nothing like going out in style.
There's nothing like hot, fluffy rice that's just been cooked.
There's nothing like ice cream in the summer.
There's nothing like it.
There's nothing like making something with your own hands.
There's nothing like settling into a deckchair.
There's nothing like starting your day with a hot cup of coffee.
There's nothing like that here.
There's nothing like the sea's serenity.
There's nothing like the smell of freshly-mown grass in the morning.
There's nothing more I can do for Tom.
There's nothing more I can do here.
There's nothing more I can do.
There's nothing more I can say.
There's nothing more I can teach you.
There's nothing more I can tell you.
There's nothing more Tom can do here.
There's nothing more Tom can say.
There's nothing more annoying than a group of young girls all trying to talk at the same time.
There's nothing more dangerous than a jealous boyfriend.
There's nothing more deadly than a human child.
There's nothing more delicious than a seafood casserole.
There's nothing more difficult than to simplify. There's nothing simpler than to complicate.
There's nothing more expensive than love.
There's nothing more fleeting than an eternity, nor something more eternal than a moment.
There's nothing more forced than an adolescent trying to look natural.
There's nothing more fun for me to do than to talk with Tom.
There's nothing more fun for me to do than to talk with him.
There's nothing more fun than this.
There's nothing more important than friends.
There's nothing more important than friendship.
There's nothing more important than this.
There's nothing more important to me than my family.
There's nothing more important to me than you.
There's nothing more irritating, not to say insulting, than to have to keep hearing "the American army", "American cinema", "American diplomacy", as if these things were at a continental scale, or as if the borders of Canada, Mexico, Colombia, Guatemala, Peru, Brazil or Argentina suddenly no longer existed, along with their people and their culture.
There's nothing more painful than losing one's child.
There's nothing more painful than losing one's loved child.
There's nothing more precious than life.
There's nothing more terrifying than armed mobilizations.
There's nothing more to add.
There's nothing more to be done here.
There's nothing more to be done.
There's nothing more to be said.
There's nothing more to discuss.
There's nothing more to do.
There's nothing more to drink.
There's nothing more to eat.
There's nothing more to say.
There's nothing more to talk about.
There's nothing more to tell.
There's nothing more true than that!
There's nothing more upsetting than a burgerless burger joint when you're in the mood for nothing but burgers...
There's nothing more upsetting than a burgerless burger joint when you're in the mood for nothing else except burgers...
There's nothing more upsetting than a burgerless burger joint when you're in the mood for nothing other than burgers...
There's nothing more we can do for Tom.
There's nothing more we can do for her.
There's nothing more we can do for him.
There's nothing more we can do here.
There's nothing more we can do to help.
There's nothing more we can do.
There's nothing more you can do for me.
There's nothing more you can do here.
There's nothing more you can do.
There's nothing much to buy.
There's nothing much to see here.
There's nothing much to tell.
There's nothing nefarious going on here.
There's nothing new in music ever.
There's nothing new in the West.
There's nothing new on the shelves.
There's nothing new there.
There's nothing new to report.
There's nothing new under the sun.
There's nothing new.
There's nothing nicer than a walk on the beach when the weather's fine.
There's nothing obligating you to spend the night here.
There's nothing on TV and I'm bored to tears.
There's nothing on TV that I want to watch.
There's nothing on TV tonight.
There's nothing on TV.
There's nothing on earth that isn't affected by the sun.
There's nothing on earth that's not affected by the sun.
There's nothing on my schedule today.
There's nothing on television that I want to watch.
There's nothing on television.
There's nothing on the horizon.
There's nothing on the table.
There's nothing out here.
There's nothing out of the ordinary.
There's nothing out there.
There's nothing over there.
There's nothing particularly wrong with it.
There's nothing physically wrong with Tom.
There's nothing physically wrong with her.
There's nothing physically wrong with him.
There's nothing physically wrong with you.
There's nothing poetic about it.
There's nothing poetic there.
There's nothing pointless in nature.
There's nothing really impactful about this commercial, but I remember it well.
There's nothing remaining.
There's nothing romantic between us.
There's nothing sexual about it.
There's nothing she can do.
There's nothing standard about it.
There's nothing strange about it.
There's nothing surprising about that.
There's nothing suspicious about that.
There's nothing that I can about that.
There's nothing that I can do for you.
There's nothing that I can do to help you now.
There's nothing that I wouldn't do for you.
There's nothing that Tom can do about that.
There's nothing that Tom can do for you.
There's nothing that can be done about his feeling sorry for her.
There's nothing that can be done about that.
There's nothing that can be done.
There's nothing that can keep us apart.
There's nothing that can persuade that man.
There's nothing that can stop us now.
There's nothing that can't be bought with money.
There's nothing that can't be done if we work together.
There's nothing that cannot be done with money in this world.
There's nothing that could persuade me to do that.
There's nothing that money can't buy.
There's nothing that ruins life as much as premature ejaculation.
There's nothing that the doctors can do about it.
There's nothing that we can do to stop her.
There's nothing that we can do to stop him.
There's nothing that we learn so late, and forget so early, than recognizing that we're wrong.
There's nothing that will make him change his mind.
There's nothing that would please me more.
There's nothing that you can do about it.
There's nothing that you can say that'll change my mind.
There's nothing the matter with Tom.
There's nothing the matter with you.
There's nothing the matter.
There's nothing there anymore.
There's nothing there!
There's nothing there.
There's nothing they can do.
There's nothing they don't need.
There's nothing this thing can't eat.
There's nothing to add.
There's nothing to apologize for.
There's nothing to be afraid of anymore.
There's nothing to be afraid of.
There's nothing to be ashamed of.
There's nothing to be bothered by.
There's nothing to be concerned about.
There's nothing to be done about it.
There's nothing to be done here.
There's nothing to be frightened of.
There's nothing to be nervous about.
There's nothing to be proud of.
There's nothing to be scared of.
There's nothing to be worried about.
There's nothing to cancel.
There's nothing to celebrate.
There's nothing to complain about.
There's nothing to criticize about this thesis.
There's nothing to discuss.
There's nothing to do but wait.
There's nothing to do here.
There's nothing to do in our city.
There's nothing to do in this city.
There's nothing to do in this town.
There's nothing to do in this village.
There's nothing to do, so I may as well go to bed.
There's nothing to do, so I may as well watch television.
There's nothing to do.
There's nothing to drink.
There's nothing to eat around here.
There's nothing to eat here.
There's nothing to eat in the house.
There's nothing to eat in the kitchen.
There's nothing to eat.
There's nothing to explain.
There's nothing to fear now.
There's nothing to fear.
There's nothing to forgive.
There's nothing to get used to, so I'm going to get used to a job like this?
There's nothing to investigate.
There's nothing to it.
There's nothing to lose.
There's nothing to make such a fuss about.
There's nothing to negotiate.
There's nothing to prevent me from going.
There's nothing to prevent you from going.
There's nothing to report.
There's nothing to say.
There's nothing to say. Everyone already knows the truth.
There's nothing to see here.
There's nothing to see here. Let's go.
There's nothing to see.
There's nothing to stop Tom from doing that.
There's nothing to stop us now.
There's nothing to stop us.
There's nothing to suggest that in the text.
There's nothing to talk about.
There's nothing to tell.
There's nothing to think about.
There's nothing to this.
There's nothing to understand in this situation.
There's nothing to understand.
There's nothing to worry about, OK?
There's nothing to worry about.
There's nothing to worry about. It was just a false alarm.
There's nothing too difficult for Tom.
There's nothing too hard for Tom.
There's nothing uncommon about this.
There's nothing under the bed other than a box of tissues and a potato chip.
There's nothing under the chair.
There's nothing unusual about that.
There's nothing unusual about this.
There's nothing unusual to report.
There's nothing up here.
There's nothing useless in nature.
There's nothing we can announce yet.
There's nothing we can do about Tom.
There's nothing we can do about it.
There's nothing we can do about that now.
There's nothing we can do about that problem.
There's nothing we can do about that.
There's nothing we can do but wait.
There's nothing we can do except wait.
There's nothing we can do for Layla.
There's nothing we can do for Tom.
There's nothing we can do here.
There's nothing we can do now.
There's nothing we can do to help.
There's nothing we can do to prevent that.
There's nothing we can do to save Tom at this point. All we can do is pray.
There's nothing we can do to save Tom.
There's nothing we can do tonight.
There's nothing we can do.
There's nothing we can do. You will have to learn to cope with it.
There's nothing we can't accomplish.
There's nothing we can't do.
There's nothing we could show off with.
There's nothing we need to do today.
There's nothing we need to do.
There's nothing without divine will.
There's nothing worse for children than litigated custody.
There's nothing worse than a long-distance relationship.
There's nothing worse than a soulless person. After all, there's no such thing as a prosthetic soul.
There's nothing worse than being half right.
There's nothing worse than doing things by halves!!
There's nothing worse than hunger.
There's nothing worse than loneliness.
There's nothing worse than stepping on a Lego barefoot.
There's nothing worse than that.
There's nothing worse than the revenge of a spurned woman.
There's nothing worse than waking up hungover.
There's nothing worth watching on TV today.
There's nothing written on this piece of paper.
There's nothing wrong with Tom at all.
There's nothing wrong with Tom.
There's nothing wrong with admitting that you're afraid.
There's nothing wrong with admitting you're afraid.
There's nothing wrong with ambition.
There's nothing wrong with being alone.
There's nothing wrong with being autistic.
There's nothing wrong with being gay.
There's nothing wrong with being scared.
There's nothing wrong with being selfish sometimes.
There's nothing wrong with being worried.
There's nothing wrong with fantasising.
There's nothing wrong with fantasizing.
There's nothing wrong with getting older.
There's nothing wrong with growing old.
There's nothing wrong with having a little harmless fun.
There's nothing wrong with her.
There's nothing wrong with him.
There's nothing wrong with how you're doing that.
There's nothing wrong with it.
There's nothing wrong with me.
There's nothing wrong with my hearing.
There's nothing wrong with my memory.
There's nothing wrong with not being tall.
There's nothing wrong with remaining silent when there's nothing to say.
There's nothing wrong with renting.
There's nothing wrong with staying silent when there's nothing to say.
There's nothing wrong with staying silent when you don't have anything to say.
There's nothing wrong with taking a break once in a while.
There's nothing wrong with that sentence.
There's nothing wrong with that, either.
There's nothing wrong with that.
There's nothing wrong with that. Not at all.
There's nothing wrong with the formula.
There's nothing wrong with the plan.
There's nothing wrong with the radio, it just needs new batteries.
There's nothing wrong with the radio; it just needs new batteries.
There's nothing wrong with the way Tom did that.
There's nothing wrong with the way you look.
There's nothing wrong with the way you're doing that.
There's nothing wrong with this bicycle.
There's nothing wrong with this law.
There's nothing wrong with this plan.
There's nothing wrong with this.
There's nothing wrong with you.
There's nothing wrong with your car.
There's nothing wrong with your computer.
There's nothing wrong with your eyes.
There's nothing wrong with your sentence except that people just don't say it like that.
There's nothing wrong, I hope.
There's nothing wrong.
There's nothing you and I won't do.
There's nothing you can do about it now.
There's nothing you can do about it.
There's nothing you can do about that.
There's nothing you can do for Tom.
There's nothing you can do to help Tom.
There's nothing you can do to help her.
There's nothing you can do to help him.
There's nothing you can do to help me.
There's nothing you can do to help.
There's nothing you can do to stop Tom from going to Australia.
There's nothing you can do to stop Tom from going to Boston.
There's nothing you can do to stop it.
There's nothing you can do to stop me.
There's nothing you can do.
There's nothing you can say that'll change my mind.
There's nothing you can say.
There's nothing you could have done to prevent that from happening.
There's nothing you could possibly do to improve this.
There's nothing you could possibly do to make this better.
There's nothing you could've done to prevent that from happening.
There's nothing you have that I want.
There's nothing.
There's nowhere else I want to go.
There's nowhere else I'd rather be than here with you.
There's nowhere else I'd rather be.
There's nowhere else to go.
There's nowhere else to park.
There's nowhere for Tom to go.
There's nowhere for her to go.
There's nowhere for him to go.
There's nowhere for me to go.
There's nowhere for them to go.
There's nowhere for us to go.
There's nowhere for us to hide.
There's nowhere for us to sit.
There's nowhere for you to go.
There's nowhere for you to hide.
There's nowhere for you to run.
There's nowhere left for me to go.
There's nowhere left to sit.
There's nowhere on earth I'd rather be.
There's nowhere on earth that I'd rather be.
There's nowhere to go.
There's nowhere to hide.
There's nowhere to park on Park Drive.
There's nowhere to park.
There's nowhere to run.
There's nowhere to sit apart from the chair the cat is sleeping on.
There's nowhere to sit down.
There's nowhere you can hide.
There's nowt as queer as folk.
There's nowt but milk in the fridge.
There's obviously been a mistake.
There's obviously been a misunderstanding.
There's obviously been some misunderstanding.
There's obviously been some sort of misunderstanding.
There's obviously nobody here.
There's obviously something going on.
There's often a fine line between confidence and arrogance.
There's often a simple solution to what seems like a complicated problem.
There's often rice or pasta for lunch.
There's one apple left.
There's one apple on the bench.
There's one big difference.
There's one black cat sleeping on the yellow chair.
There's one born every minute.
There's one bus a day into town. If you miss it, that's it.
There's one chance.
There's one clothes peg hanging on the line.
There's one condition.
There's one cup of warm water on the table.
There's one cup on the table.
There's one dictionary on the table.
There's one dog running in the park.
There's one empty room in the house.
There's one for you and one for me.
There's one in Swedish also.
There's one just near the station.
There's one last thing that needs to be done.
There's one law for the rich, and another for the poor.
There's one left.
There's one little problem.
There's one man and two women waiting for you in the lobby.
There's one more aspect I'd like to touch upon during our conversation.
There's one more item to discuss.
There's one more name on the list.
There's one more place we need to stop.
There's one more problem.
There's one more thing I need you to do.
There's one more thing I want to do.
There's one more thing I want to say.
There's one more thing left to learn.
There's one more thing that I dislike about Tom.
There's one more thing we have to do.
There's one more thing we need to discuss.
There's one more thing we need to do.
There's one more thing you need to do.
There's one more variant.
There's one more.
There's one other thing I want to know.
There's one other thing I want you to know.
There's one other thing that I want you to know.
There's one other thing we need to buy.
There's one person in particular I'd like to talk to.
There's one piece left.
There's one possible problem.
There's one problem with this.
There's one problem.
There's one question I would like to ask you.
There's one question I'd like to ask you.
There's one right behind you!
There's one rule for them, and another for the rest of us.
There's one slight problem.
There's one small cat hiding behind the car.
There's one small problem.
There's one still in my pocket.
There's one thing I can do to help.
There's one thing I didn't mention.
There's one thing I don't understand.
There's one thing I forgot to mention.
There's one thing I hate doing in my life.
There's one thing I must tell Tom.
There's one thing I must tell you.
There's one thing I need to do before I can leave.
There's one thing I ought to tell you before I go further.
There's one thing I shall never understand till my dying day.
There's one thing I want to do before I go. I want to kiss you.
There's one thing I want to know.
There's one thing I'd like to know.
There's one thing I'll never be able to forget.
There's one thing all parents in the world know: how other people's children should be raised.
There's one thing in particular that I'm interested in.
There's one thing that is bothering me.
There's one thing that's bothering me.
There's one thing we've forgotten.
There's one thing you need to know about Tom.
There's one thing you need to know.
There's one too many of us in this room.
There's one week left.
There's one whose heart devoured him, and another who devoured his own heart.
There's one yogurt left.
There's one.
There's only a couple of days left until our winter vacation.
There's only a day left.
There's only a double bed.
There's only a few months age difference between him and me.
There's only a little bit left.
There's only a little light in the room.
There's only a little milk left.
There's only a little space.
There's only a little water in the cup.
There's only a little water left.
There's only a pencil sketch in my notebook.
There's only a slim chance that we'll see Tom there tomorrow.
There's only a slim chance we'll see Tom there tomorrow.
There's only a small difference between "schwül" (humid) and "schwul" (gay).
There's only a week left before the examination.
There's only another Capricorn that can make me fall deeply in love with them.
There's only blueberry muffins for breakfast!
There's only milk in the fridge.
There's only one God.
There's only one Tom.
There's only one answer I can give.
There's only one answer.
There's only one ass in this room and it's Ziri.
There's only one asshole in this room and it's Ziri.
There's only one bass in the choir.
There's only one bath towel in our bathroom.
There's only one bed.
There's only one book on the shelf.
There's only one bottle of red wine left.
There's only one boy in the class.
There's only one bullet left.
There's only one catch.
There's only one clean cup.
There's only one cookie left.
There's only one copy of this document.
There's only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self.
There's only one correct answer.
There's only one day left.
There's only one difficulty.
There's only one door.
There's only one egg left in the refrigerator.
There's only one explanation.
There's only one explanation. Aliens.
There's only one left.
There's only one logical explanation for this.
There's only one mayoral candidate.
There's only one model missing in my collection.
There's only one more thing I have to do.
There's only one more thing we have left to do.
There's only one more thing we have to do.
There's only one more thing we must do.
There's only one more thing we need to do.
There's only one mother.
There's only one native language in North America that isn't endangered, and that's Greenlandic.
There's only one option left now.
There's only one other person who I'd trust driving my car.
There's only one other thing I want.
There's only one peg left. What are you going to hang the rest of the washing out with?
There's only one person I know who has such a deep voice.
There's only one person I know with such a deep voice.
There's only one person under investigation.
There's only one person who can do that, and that's Tom.
There's only one pillow.
There's only one place Tom and Mary are likely to hide.
There's only one place Tom could have gone.
There's only one place Tom could've gone.
There's only one place Tom is likely to hide.
There's only one place that Tom is likely to hide.
There's only one possible answer.
There's only one possible decision.
There's only one possible explanation.
There's only one possible explanation. He's an enemy spy!
There's only one pretty child in the world, and every mother has it.
There's only one problem with our plan.
There's only one problem with that.
There's only one problem with you.
There's only one problem, I think.
There's only one problem.
There's only one question left to ask.
There's only one railway line on this island.
There's only one restroom in building.
There's only one road on the island.
There's only one shop that sells this book.
There's only one solution.
There's only one speed, and that's the right one.
There's only one station house in that city.
There's only one store on the island.
There's only one store that sells this book.
There's only one subway line in Algiers.
There's only one tempo, and that's the right one.
There's only one thing I can do.
There's only one thing I really want.
There's only one thing left for me to do.
There's only one thing left for us to do.
There's only one thing left to decide.
There's only one thing left to do.
There's only one thing that I really want.
There's only one thing that can fully satisfy Tom.
There's only one thing to do now.
There's only one thing to do.
There's only one thing we can do now!
There's only one thing we can do.
There's only one thing we still need to buy.
There's only one torpedo left.
There's only one towel in the bathroom.
There's only one way Tom will ever do that.
There's only one way out of here.
There's only one way out.
There's only one way to be sure.
There's only one way to check.
There's only one way to do that.
There's only one way to do this.
There's only one way to find out how to do that. Ask Tom.
There's only one way to find out.
There's only one way to find out: let's ask them.
There's only one way to get to Heaven: build it.
There's only one way to get to Heaven: use your imagination.
There's only one way to handle this.
There's only one way to live.
There's only one way to open this door, and that's from the inside.
There's only one way to quit my gang.
There's only one way to settle this.
There's only one way.
There's only one week left until the vacation.
There's only one week till Easter Sunday.
There's only one window in my room.
There's only one woman I'm attracted to and it's you.
There's only room for one of us.
There's only room for one.
There's only rubbish on the radio.
There's only so many times I can eat toast in a row, you know?
There's only so much I can take.
There's only so much time...
There's only space for ten people in the lifeboat.
There's only two days left.
There's orange juice in the refrigerator.
There's our bus.
There's our car.
There's our house.
There's our plane flying above the clouds.
There's paint on your trousers.
There's party at Tom's tonight.
There's passion, there's infatuation and there's love.
There's people complaining of everything.
There's persistent snow.
There's plenty available.
There's plenty for everyone.
There's plenty left.
There's plenty of Italian food in Montreal.
There's plenty of blame to go around.
There's plenty of coffee.
There's plenty of food in the house.
There's plenty of food in the pantry.
There's plenty of food.
There's plenty of fruit on the pear tree in the garden.
There's plenty of light.
There's plenty of parking.
There's plenty of room for playing in the yard.
There's plenty of room to play in the yard.
There's plenty of space in the attic.
There's plenty of space to play in the yard.
There's plenty of space.
There's plenty of stuff left.
There's plenty of stuff there.
There's plenty of things online.
There's plenty of time for one more nap.
There's plenty of time for that.
There's plenty of time left.
There's plenty of time to do that.
There's plenty of time to find out.
There's plenty of time.
There's plenty of water.
There's plenty of whipped cream left in the bowl.
There's plenty of wine left.
There's plenty of work left to do.
There's plenty of work there.
There's plenty of work to do.
There's plenty to do in Australia.
There's plenty to do in Boston.
There's plenty to eat.
There's plenty to go around.
There's plenty to talk about.
There's plenty to worry about.
There's plenty to write about now.
There's plenty to write about.
There's police around.
There's possibly a second victim.
There's practically nothing left.
There's probably a better solution.
There's probably a convenience store around here.
There's probably a good reason for it.
There's probably a good reason for that.
There's probably a perfectly innocent explanation.
There's probably been a traffic accident.
There's probably no need to do that.
There's probably no point trying to convince you.
There's probably somebody in that old house.
There's probably something in the box.
There's probably something subliminal about this album that makes me feel uncomfortable.
There's probably time for that.
There's probably very little I can do.
There's proper etiquette for everything, even an orgy.
There's quantity as well as quality.
There's quite a crowd at the cinema box office.
There's quite a lot of things to do; do you want some help?
There's really a ghost in my house.
There's really no choice.
There's really no damage.
There's really no difference.
There's really no hurry.
There's really no need for Mary's outfit to have a boob window.
There's really no need for Mary's outfit to have a cleavage window.
There's really no need for you to do that.
There's really no need for you to leave.
There's really no need to apologize.
There's really no need to introduce Tom, is there?
There's really no point in arguing.
There's really no reason for you to come to Australia.
There's really no reason for you to come to Boston.
There's really no reason for you to go to Australia.
There's really no reason for you to go to Boston.
There's really no telling what'll happen.
There's really no way to continue this conversation any longer.
There's really no way we'll be able to win.
There's really nothing I can do.
There's really nothing Tom can do.
There's really nothing else to say.
There's really nothing more I can do.
There's really nothing more to say.
There's really nothing more we can do.
There's really nothing much at all that you see as being beneath you.
There's really nothing to comment about.
There's really nothing to worry about.
There's really nothing we can do about that today.
There's really nothing we can do about that.
There's really nothing we can do.
There's really nothing you can do.
There's really something very mysterious about Tom.
There's reason for optimism.
There's reason to celebrate.
There's reason to hope.
There's reasonably priced food in the refectory.
There's residue stuck at the bottom of the pot.
There's residue stuck to the bottom of the pot.
There's road work ahead.
There's room for both of us.
There's room for debate.
There's room for discussion.
There's room for eight people in this elevator.
There's room for everybody.
There's room for everyone.
There's room for improvement.
There's room for one more in my car.
There's room for one more, honey.
There's room for one more.
There's room for six people at this table.
There's room in my heart only for you.
There's room inside.
There's room to grow.
There's room.
There's sad news.
There's safety in numbers.
There's sand in my shoes.
There's sand in the bed.
There's seven theatres in our city.
There's shattered glass everywhere.
There's shooting going on.
There's silverware!
There's simply no more enjoyable time of the year than summer to enjoy eating a good barbecue.
There's simply not enough time.
There's simply nothing to it.
There's sincere kindness and exterior kindness.
There's sincere kindness and superficial kindness.
There's smell of naphtha.
There's smoke.
There's snow everywhere.
There's snow on the ground only until spring.
There's snow on the ground.
There's snow on the mountain top.
There's snow on the mountains again.
There's snow on the mountains.
There's snow on the roof.
There's snow on top of the mountain.
There's snow outside.
There's so many artists without a job right now. And it's scary.
There's so many people taking horse pills that there's no room in the ER for gunshot victims.
There's so much BS about AI.
There's so much I don't understand.
There's so much I hate about this place.
There's so much I have to thank you for.
There's so much I haven't told you yet.
There's so much I need to tell you.
There's so much I want to do.
There's so much I want to say to all of you.
There's so much I want to say to her.
There's so much I want to say to him.
There's so much I want to say to you.
There's so much I want to show you while you're here.
There's so much I want to show you.
There's so much I want to teach you, Tom.
There's so much I want to tell you.
There's so much I've wanted to tell you.
There's so much bitterness in his words.
There's so much blood here.
There's so much diversity.
There's so much dust here.
There's so much interesting stuff in this store that my eyes are just running wild.
There's so much left for me to learn.
There's so much left to do in my life.
There's so much left to do with our lives.
There's so much left to do.
There's so much left to tell.
There's so much more I need to say to you.
There's so much more I want to do.
There's so much more to learn.
There's so much ringing in my ears.
There's so much snow in Austria that you can't see the peaks of the Alps anymore.
There's so much snow that even after shoveling for eight hours, I still can't get my car out.
There's so much stress put on kids to perform well in school, but with good reason.
There's so much that I don't understand.
There's so much that needs to be done.
There's so much to discover.
There's so much to do and so little time to do it.
There's so much to do here.
There's so much to do in Boston.
There's so much to do.
There's so much to learn.
There's so much to look forward to.
There's so much to say.
There's so much to see here in Boston.
There's so much to see here.
There's so much to see in Kabylie.
There's so much to see.
There's so much to talk about.
There's so much we have to talk about.
There's so much we haven't done yet.
There's so much we need to talk about.
There's so much you have to learn.
There's so much you have yet to learn.
There's so much.
There's solidarity among Muslims in the fight against terrorism.
There's some blood on his hands.
There's some books on the shelf.
There's some champagne left.
There's some cheese in the fridge.
There's some cheese in the refrigerator.
There's some cloak-and-dagger stuff going on here.
There's some coffee in the kitchen.
There's some coffee.
There's some collusion going on.
There's some cranberry juice in the fridge.
There's some cream in the fridge.
There's some dog food in the pantry.
There's some extra ones in the desk.
There's some fish.
There's some fog.
There's some good news, for a change, in the latest climate forecast from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. NOAA scientists say the world's threatened coral reefs, which for decades have been bleaching out and dying off because of climate-induced changes in ocean conditions, might be getting a respite this year.
There's some green grass on the terrain.
There's some hope.
There's some ice cream in the freezer.
There's some ice.
There's some ketchup in the refrigerator.
There's some leftover food in the fridge.
There's some leftover pizza in the fridge.
There's some light rain.
There's some lipstick on your collar.
There's some milk in the bottle.
There's some milk in the fridge.
There's some milk in the refrigerator.
There's some milk in the small cup.
There's some milk left in the fridge.
There's some milk left.
There's some money on the table.
There's some money on the table. Put it in your purse before someone nicks it.
There's some more in the cooler.
There's some mould in the showers.
There's some muddy water in the bucket.
There's some old clothes in this chest.
There's some pain.
There's some paint in the garage.
There's some problems with the roof.
There's some pumpkin soup left in the fridge.
There's some room for improvement.
There's some stew in the pot on the stove if you want some.
There's some strawberries in the fridge.
There's some sugar in the bag.
There's some truth in every rumor.
There's some truth in science fiction, but don't go looking for it there. There's science fact.
There's some truth in that.
There's some truth in this.
There's some truth in what she says.
There's some truth to it.
There's some truth to that.
There's some truth to this.
There's some water in the bucket.
There's some water left.
There's some weird stuff on the internet.
There's some whiskey in that bottle.
There's some work to be done first.
There's some.
There's somebody I need to contact in Australia.
There's somebody I want to talk to first.
There's somebody I want you to meet.
There's somebody at the door who wants to talk to you.
There's somebody at the door.
There's somebody at the front door. Go see who it is.
There's somebody coming up the stairs.
There's somebody here to see you.
There's somebody here who did it, isn't there?
There's somebody here.
There's somebody in the hall.
There's somebody in the house.
There's somebody in the pool.
There's somebody in the tunnel.
There's somebody in there.
There's somebody in your room.
There's somebody out there.
There's somebody there.
There's somebody waiting for me.
There's somebody waiting for us outside.
There's somebody waiting for you in the lobby.
There's somebody waiting for you outside.
There's somebody waiting for you.
There's somebody waiting in your office.
There's somebody waiting to see you.
There's somebody who wants to meet you.
There's someone I have to contact in Boston.
There's someone I have to get in touch with in Boston.
There's someone I need to contact in Australia.
There's someone I need to see this afternoon.
There's someone I should talk to.
There's someone I want you to meet.
There's someone I want you to talk to.
There's someone I'd like you to meet.
There's someone I'm concerned about.
There's someone I'm in unrequited love with, but that person is busy now and I don't get replies to my emails.
There's someone I'm interested in.
There's someone I've got to see.
There's someone at the door who wants to see you.
There's someone at the door who wants to speak to you.
There's someone at the door who wants to talk to you.
There's someone at the door.
There's someone at the door. Open up.
There's someone at the doorway.
There's someone at the front door who wants to thank you.
There's someone at the front door. Go see who it is.
There's someone behind Tom.
There's someone behind her.
There's someone behind him.
There's someone behind me.
There's someone behind them.
There's someone behind us.
There's someone behind you.
There's someone coming up the stairs.
There's someone downstairs who'd like to speak to you.
There's someone else I want to see.
There's someone else doing that right now.
There's someone else in the house.
There's someone for everyone.
There's someone here to see you.
There's someone here who wants to see you.
There's someone here.
There's someone hiding in the closet.
There's someone hiding in the cupboard.
There's someone in my room.
There's someone in the backyard.
There's someone in the basement.
There's someone in the hall.
There's someone in the hallway!
There's someone in the hollow of this tree.
There's someone in the house.
There's someone in the pool.
There's someone in the toilet.
There's someone in there.
There's someone in your room.
There's someone inside.
There's someone looking for me.
There's someone looking for you.
There's someone missing.
There's someone new in my life.
There's someone on the roof!
There's someone out there.
There's someone outside.
There's someone there.
There's someone trapped in the car.
There's someone up there.
There's someone waiting for me outside.
There's someone waiting for me.
There's someone waiting for us outside.
There's someone waiting for you in the lobby.
There's someone waiting for you in your office.
There's someone waiting for you outside.
There's someone waiting for you.
There's someone waiting in your office.
There's someone waiting outside.
There's someone waiting to see you.
There's someone who took my umbrella.
There's someone who wants to meet you.
There's someone who wants to talk to you.
There's someone with Tom.
There's someone with her.
There's someone with him.
There's someone with them.
There's someone you've got to meet.
There's someplace I have to go.
There's somethin' mighty queer behind this, Scott!
There's something I didn't tell you, Tom.
There's something I don't get.
There's something I don't understand about Tom.
There's something I don't understand about her.
There's something I don't understand.
There's something I feel you should know.
There's something I forgot to mention.
There's something I forgot to say.
There's something I forgot to take care of.
There's something I forgot to tell you.
There's something I have to ask you.
There's something I have to do before Tom and Mary get here.
There's something I have to do before Tom gets here.
There's something I have to do.
There's something I have to give you.
There's something I have to know.
There's something I have to let you know right away.
There's something I have to say.
There's something I have to show you.
There's something I have to take care of.
There's something I have to talk about however.
There's something I have to talk to you about.
There's something I have to tell you.
There's something I haven't told you yet.
There's something I haven't told you.
There's something I must know.
There's something I need to ask you.
There's something I need to confess.
There's something I need to do right now.
There's something I need to do this afternoon.
There's something I need to do.
There's something I need to explain.
There's something I need to give to you.
There's something I need to give you.
There's something I need to know.
There's something I need to say to you.
There's something I need to say.
There's something I need to show you.
There's something I need to take care of.
There's something I need to talk to you about.
There's something I need to talk with you about.
There's something I need to tell you before you leave.
There's something I need to tell you, and I know you're not going to like it.
There's something I need to tell you, too.
There's something I need to tell you.
There's something I need you to do for me.
There's something I need you to do.
There's something I need.
There's something I never told you.
There's something I really need to do.
There's something I should know.
There's something I should tell you.
There's something I still don't get.
There's something I still don't understand.
There's something I think I should tell you.
There's something I think you need to know.
There's something I want to ask you.
There's something I want to check.
There's something I want to discuss with you.
There's something I want to give you.
There's something I want to say.
There's something I want to share with you.
There's something I want to show you.
There's something I want to talk about.
There's something I want to talk to you about.
There's something I want to tell you.
There's something I want to try.
There's something I want you to do for me.
There's something I want you to do.
There's something I want you to hear.
There's something I want you to know.
There's something I want you to see.
There's something I want.
There's something I wanted to give you.
There's something I wanted to show Tom.
There's something I wanted to tell you.
There's something I wish to say.
There's something I'd like to ask of you. Provided that it isn't any trouble, would I be able to borrow you for a minute?
There's something I'd like to ask you.
There's something I'd like to discuss with Tom.
There's something I'd like to discuss with you.
There's something I'd like to learn.
There's something I'd like to see.
There's something I'd like to show you.
There's something I'd like to talk to you about.
There's something I'd like you to hear.
There's something I'd like you to listen to.
There's something I'd like you to read.
There's something I'd like you to see.
There's something I'd like you to take a look at.
There's something I'm not clear about.
There's something I've always wanted to ask you.
There's something I've been meaning to ask you for a while.
There's something I've been meaning to ask you.
There's something I've been meaning to discuss with you.
There's something I've been meaning to talk to you about.
There's something I've been wanting to ask you, Tom.
There's something I've been wanting to ask you.
There's something I've got to do.
There's something I've got to say.
There's something I've got to show you.
There's something I've got to tell you.
There's something I've never told you.
There's something I've wanted to say to you for a long time.
There's something Mary is not telling us.
There's something Mary isn't telling us.
There's something Tom didn't tell Mary.
There's something Tom forgot to tell Mary.
There's something Tom hasn't told Mary.
There's something Tom is not telling us.
There's something Tom isn't telling Mary.
There's something Tom isn't telling us.
There's something Tom knows that he's not telling us.
There's something Tom should know.
There's something about Mary that makes her irresistible.
There's something about Mary.
There's something about Tom that I don't like.
There's something about Tom that gets on my nerves.
There's something about Tom that makes a lot of girls like him.
There's something about fall that I love, or maybe it's the fact that my venlafaxine got upped.
There's something about him that I don't quite trust.
There's something about him that just doesn't sit right with me.
There's something about this bookstore that just makes people want to come back again.
There's something about this translation that isn't quite right.
There's something about watching curry simmer that's so, so satisfying. I just love it.
There's something about you I don't like and I can't bear your company any longer.
There's something amiss here.
There's something awfully familiar about Tom.
There's something back there.
There's something behind us.
There's something between her and him.
There's something burning.
There's something coming.
There's something cooking up.
There's something crawling on my neck.
There's something definitely wrong here.
There's something different about Ziri.
There's something different about her today that's hard to put a finger on.
There's something down there.
There's something else I have to do.
There's something else I have to tell you.
There's something else I need to discuss with you.
There's something else I need to do.
There's something else I need to tell you.
There's something else I need you to do.
There's something else I want to discuss with you.
There's something else I want to do.
There's something else I want to show you.
There's something else I want to tell you.
There's something else I want you to do.
There's something else I wanted to tell you.
There's something else I'd like to try.
There's something else I'd like you to do for me.
There's something else in the drawer.
There's something else over there.
There's something else that's been bothering me.
There's something else we need to consider.
There's something else you don't know about.
There's something else you need to buy.
There's something else you need to do before you go home.
There's something else you need to do.
There's something else you need to see.
There's something else you need to think about.
There's something else you should know about me.
There's something else.
There's something even worse than calumny, it's truth.
There's something evil going on.
There's something fishy about this.
There's something fishy going on here.
There's something fishy going on in there.
There's something fishy going on.
There's something fishy.
There's something floating in my water.
There's something for you on the table.
There's something for you on your desk.
There's something for you to do.
There's something funny going on here.
There's something going around.
There's something going on between Peter and Anna.
There's something going on between Tom and Mary.
There's something going on here.
There's something going on next door.
There's something going on there.
There's something going on, isn't there?
There's something going on.
There's something hanging in the air.
There's something happening here that I don't quite understand.
There's something happening here.
There's something happening on the other side of the river.
There's something he's not telling us.
There's something here I want you to see.
There's something here Tom should see.
There's something here for everyone.
There's something here that Tom should see.
There's something here that doesn't add up.
There's something here you should see.
There's something here.
There's something iffy about the situation.
There's something important I must tell you.
There's something important I need to tell her.
There's something important I need to tell him.
There's something important I need to tell you.
There's something important Tom didn't tell us.
There's something important that Tom didn't tell us.
There's something important that you need to know.
There's something important, that you don't know about.
There's something in Sami's eyes that makes me think he has suffered a lot.
There's something in here.
There's something in math I don't understand. Can you explain it to me?
There's something in my eye.
There's something in that.
There's something in the air.
There's something in the box.
There's something in the face of this man that's repugnant and that I do not like; moreover, I would say that I am inclined to hate him.
There's something in the hollow of this tree.
There's something in the middle of the road.
There's something in the room that needs to be washed.
There's something in the room that needs washed.
There's something in there.
There's something in this box.
There's something in your hair.
There's something inside here.
There's something inside this box.
There's something inside.
There's something lying on the ground.
There's something magic about the nightfall.
There's something missing here.
There's something missing.
There's something more.
There's something moving down there.
There's something moving in the next room.
There's something mysterious about her.
There's something mysterious about him.
There's something mysterious about the way Tom is behaving.
There's something mysterious about the way that Tom is behaving.
There's something mysterious going on.
There's something nagging at me that I can't get out.
There's something new happening here.
There's something nostalgic about walking the shopping district in the evening.
There's something not going quite right tonight in the air.
There's something not quite right about this story.
There's something not quite right.
There's something odd about her.
There's something odd about him.
There's something odd going on.
There's something oddly familiar about Tom.
There's something off about you today.
There's something on that shelf that Tom wants.
There's something on that shelf that both Tom and Mary want.
There's something on the floor.
There's something on the hood of your car.
There's something on the table.
There's something on your back.
There's something on your face.
There's something on your neck.
There's something out there.
There's something over there.
There's something pretty strange going on.
There's something quite fishy happening right now around here, and I can't seem to put a finger on it as of yet.
There's something rotten in the state of Denmark.
There's something seriously wrong here.
There's something she needs to do.
There's something she's not telling us.
There's something sinister going on.
There's something sort of familiar about him.
There's something special about this place.
There's something strange about Tom today.
There's something strange about Tom.
There's something strange about this house.
There's something strange about this.
There's something strange going on here.
There's something strange going on.
There's something strange happening.
There's something strange here.
There's something stuck in my teeth.
There's something stuck.
There's something suspicious about that man.
There's something symbolic about it.
There's something that I forgot to say.
There's something that I need to say.
There's something that I need to take care of.
There's something that I need to talk to you about.
There's something that I want to check.
There's something that I want to do before I leave.
There's something that I want to tell you.
There's something that I'd like to see.
There's something that I'd like to talk to you about.
There's something that I've been wanting to ask you.
There's something that I've been wanting to say to you for a long time.
There's something that I've got to say.
There's something that I've got to tell you.
There's something that Tom would like to say to you.
There's something that binds us, but I can't tell you what.
There's something that isn't right.
There's something that makes me suffer.
There's something that they're not telling us.
There's something that you need to see.
There's something that you need to tell me.
There's something the matter with my car.
There's something there.
There's something they're not telling us.
There's something to be said about that girl's passion. I don't know what, but something for sure.
There's something to be said for his stilted prose.
There's something to wash in the room.
There's something troubling me.
There's something troubling you, isn't there?
There's something true in what he says.
There's something under my bed.
There's something under the bed.
There's something under the table.
There's something uniquely interesting about Buddhism and mathematics, particularly about quantum physics, and where they meet. That has fascinated us for a long time.
There's something unusual about Tom.
There's something unusual about him.
There's something up ahead. Slow down so you won't hit it.
There's something up on the top shelf.
There's something up there in the tree.
There's something very bad about to happen.
There's something very off about him, like he smells like trouble.
There's something very strange happening here in our house.
There's something very wrong here.
There's something we don't have enough of.
There's something we have to do.
There's something we have to get straight.
There's something we have to talk about.
There's something we haven't tried yet.
There's something we need to discuss.
There's something we need to talk about.
There's something we've got to do.
There's something weird happening.
There's something wonderful about night walks.
There's something wrong here, but I just can't put my finger on it.
There's something wrong here.
There's something wrong somewhere.
There's something wrong with Mary.
There's something wrong with Tom.
There's something wrong with her thyroid gland.
There's something wrong with her.
There's something wrong with him.
There's something wrong with me.
There's something wrong with my car.
There's something wrong with my computer.
There's something wrong with my keyboard.
There's something wrong with the brakes.
There's something wrong with the engine.
There's something wrong with the lift.
There's something wrong with the phone. I can hardly hear you.
There's something wrong with the printer.
There's something wrong with the toilet flush. Can you have a look at it, Tom?
There's something wrong with the washing machine.
There's something wrong with this machine.
There's something wrong with this washing machine.
There's something wrong with this yoghurt.
There's something wrong with this yogurt.
There's something wrong with you.
There's something wrong.
There's something you do not know about Mary.
There's something you don't know about Tom.
There's something you don't know... I'm pregnant.
There's something you don't seem to understand.
There's something you have to know.
There's something you must do.
There's something you need to ask Tom.
There's something you need to do.
There's something you need to know.
There's something you need to see.
There's something you should know.
There's something you should see.
There's something you're not telling me.
There's something.
There's somewhere I have to be at 6.30.
There's somewhere I have to be at half past six.
There's somewhere I've got to be at 6.30.
There's somewhere I've got to be at half past six.
There's somewhere I've got to be at half six.
There's somewhere else I need to be right now.
There's sound, but no picture.
There's standing room only.
There's still a bit missing.
There's still a bit of it left.
There's still a bit of work waiting for us.
There's still a café on the third floor.
There's still a chance Tom might help us.
There's still a chance Tom might not have to spend time in prison.
There's still a chance Tom will do that.
There's still a chance that Tom might help us.
There's still a chance that Tom might not have to spend time in prison.
There's still a chance that Tom will do that.
There's still a chance that that's going to happen.
There's still a chance that we can save Tom.
There's still a chance that's going to happen.
There's still a chance we can save Tom.
There's still a chance.
There's still a colouring pencil on the table that she forgot to put away.
There's still a drop of whisky in the bottle.
There's still a fair bit of work to be done.
There's still a little coffee left in the pot.
There's still a little milk left in this glass.
There's still a little of it left.
There's still a little wine left.
There's still a long way to go in the area of social rights.
There's still a long way to go.
There's still a lot left to do, so I won't get bored.
There's still a lot left to do.
There's still a lot left to drink.
There's still a lot left to eat and drink.
There's still a lot left to eat.
There's still a lot left.
There's still a lot more to do.
There's still a lot of catching-up to do.
There's still a lot of homework to correct.
There's still a lot of homework to mark.
There's still a lot of learn.
There's still a lot of things that Tom needs to explain to us.
There's still a lot of work that needs to be done.
There's still a lot of work to be done.
There's still a lot of work to do.
There's still a lot that can be improved.
There's still a lot to be done.
There's still a lot to be learned.
There's still a lot to catch up on.
There's still a lot to demonstrate.
There's still a lot to do.
There's still a lot to improve.
There's still a lot to learn.
There's still a lot to talk about.
There's still a lot you don't understand.
There's still a man buried under the debris.
There's still a mouthful of whisky in the bottle.
There's still a pandemic.
There's still a possibility that that'll happen.
There's still a possibility that'll happen.
There's still a price on our heads.
There's still a real lot to do. Let's get into it!
There's still a whole other box, isn't there?
There's still blood on the wall.
There's still enough time for these tears.
There's still enough time to do that before Tom gets here.
There's still enough time to get this done.
There's still food in your bowl!
There's still food in your bowl, Cookie.
There's still food in your bowl.
There's still food on the table.
There's still food on your plate.
There's still half of the way to go to get to the top of the mountain. Are you already tired?
There's still hope that the situation can be resolved.
There's still hope.
There's still hours till dinner.
There's still more that we need to do.
There's still more we can do to help.
There's still much more to do.
There's still much to do.
There's still much to learn.
There's still no French translation of this book.
There's still no end in sight.
There's still no news about Ziri.
There's still no proof that they're guilty.
There's still no proof.
There's still no sign of Tom.
There's still no sign of her.
There's still no sign of him.
There's still no sign of them.
There's still nothing definite to report.
There's still one more question that you haven't answered yet.
There's still one more question that you haven't yet answered.
There's still one question that we need to answer.
There's still one thing I don't understand.
There's still one untapped keg left, so there's plenty of beer.
There's still other business to attend to.
There's still plenty of food left.
There's still plenty of room for improvement in dictionaries.
There's still plenty of room for improvement.
There's still plenty of time.
There's still plenty of work to do.
There's still plenty that needs to be done.
There's still room for improvement.
There's still sand all over the road.
There's still snow in the mountains.
There's still snow on the ground.
There's still so much I want to say to Tom.
There's still so much left to do.
There's still so much to be done.
There's still so much to do!
There's still so much to do.
There's still some beer in the fridge.
There's still some coffee left.
There's still some coffee left. Would you like a cup?
There's still some couscous in the fridge.
There's still some cream in the fridge.
There's still some food in the dog's dish.
There's still some in there.
There's still some milk in the fridge.
There's still some milk in the refrigerator.
There's still some milk left in the bottle.
There's still some pumpkin soup in the fridge.
There's still some room in the closet.
There's still some salad and chicken in the fridge. You can eat the cake as well.
There's still some shopping in the car.
There's still some warm tea in my cup.
There's still some whisky in the bottle.
There's still something I need to do.
There's still something we have to do before we leave.
There's still something we must do before we leave.
There's still something we've got to do before we leave.
There's still time for you to do that.
There's still time to change your mind.
There's still time to delete this.
There's still time to do some shopping.
There's still time to do that.
There's still time to evacuate.
There's still time to save Tom.
There's still time to sort things out.
There's still time.
There's still warmth in the sun in early autumn.
There's still water in the bottle.
There's still work to be done.
There's still work to do.
There's such a lot of different Annes in me. I sometimes think that is why I'm such a troublesome person. If I was just the one Anne it would be ever so much more comfortable, but then it wouldn't be half so interesting.
There's sure a lot of traffic on the road today.
There's surely an easier way to do that.
There's talk of an heir.
There's talk that you got the job.
There's tea; I drank it; I'm happy.
There's that man again. I'm just going to go up to him now and ask him what he wants. Stay here by the window and watch.
There's that sound again.
There's the answer.
There's the bell.
There's the bus.
There's the chance to get a huge income in this business, a million yen a month is possible!
There's the doctor.
There's the door.
There's the exit.
There's the island of my dreams!
There's the lighthouse.
There's the man who gave me the book.
There's the perk of letting you join communities for paying members.
There's the plane from Urumqi.
There's the presence of an interpreter.
There's the problem.
There's the rub.
There's the scarlet thread of murder running through the colourless skein of life, and our duty is to unravel it, and isolate it, and expose every inch of it.
There's the smell of napalm.
There's the teacher.
There's the tradition of naturalism.
There's the use of dialects for certain words.
There's the use of four letter words.
There's the use of unexpected answers.
There's the waitress.
There's things you could be doing to solve this problem.
There's this big rooster statue there. Everyone calls it The Giant Cock.
There's this geezer down the pub who can drink a pint of beer while standing on his head.
There's this girl that sits next to me in class. When I look at her, I feel funny inside. But I don't even know her name yet.
There's this man who's in love with me. At first I let myself get involved with him, but now I want some space. How can I let him down gently?
There's three months left on my contract.
There's thunder and lightning.
There's thunder, but no rain.
There's time for everything.
There's time for that.
There's time now.
There's time.
There's to be a strike on April 6th.
There's too many of them!
There's too much I don't know.
There's too much at stake for me to not care anymore.
There's too much at stake.
There's too much beer in the glass.
There's too much butter on her bread.
There's too much clutter in the house now that we have two kids.
There's too much clutter in the photo.
There's too much elf-on-elf violence in the magical forest.
There's too much furniture in this room.
There's too much garlic.
There's too much hate in the world and not enough love.
There's too much ivy here. Help me remove it.
There's too much light to sleep.
There's too much milk in the glass.
There's too much money in these accounts.
There's too much noise in the hospital.
There's too much noise outside.
There's too much oil in the glass.
There's too much on the screen for me to look at.
There's too much on the screen to look at.
There's too much pineapple glaze on the ham.
There's too much pollen in the air.
There's too much propaganda on the Internet.
There's too much salt in the soup!
There's too much salt in the soup.
There's too much salt in this soup.
There's too much seltzer in his refrigerator.
There's too much sex and violence in today's movies.
There's too much snow!
There's too much sport on TV.
There's too much stuff in your bag.
There's too much sugar in my tea.
There's too much sugar in the coffee.
There's too much sugar in this tea.
There's too much tea in the glass.
There's too much that needs to be done.
There's too much to do to get everything done.
There's too much to do!
There's too much traffic here.
There's too much violence for me.
There's too much violence on television.
There's too much water in the glass.
There's too much wine in the glass.
There's too much you don't know.
There's trash everywhere.
There's trash on the floor.
There's trouble brewing tonight.
There's trouble everywhere.
There's truly nothing that can undermine a Capricorn's natural ability for hard work.
There's two fish in a tank, and one says to the other: "'How do you drive this thing?"
There's two supermarkets in my city.
There's uncertainty everywhere.
There's undoubtedly a lot of interest in the subject.
There's usually someone here.
There's very fine a line between genius and insanity.
There's very little activity around here on Sundays.
There's very little hope of that happening.
There's very little hope that that's going to happen.
There's very little money coming in at present.
There's very little paper left.
There's very little pure blood in any nation now.
There's very little time left.
There's very little we can do now.
There's violence everywhere.
There's volcanic ash in the atmosphere.
There's water in Ashland, too.
There's water in his lungs.
There's water in the classroom.
There's water in the glass.
There's water in this glass.
There's wax on the carpet.
There's way too much pepper in this.
There's wet paint on the door.
There's wet paint on the walls, so don't lean on anything.
There's what I really wanted to see!
There's where I don't agree with you.
There's whiskey in that bottle.
There's whisky galore at Tom's party.
There's wood everywhere.
There's work to be done here.
There's work to be done.
There's work to do here.
There's work to do.
There's yoghurt in the fridge.
There's yogurt in the fridge.
There's yogurt in the refrigerator.
There's your answer.
There's your friend.
There's your proof.
There's your receipt.
There's your wife.
There've been no injuries.
There've been some big changes made around here recently.
There've been some big changes made around here.
There've been times that I felt a little irritated.
There've been times when I haven't been able to find a place to park.
There've been times when doing that has caused us problems.
There've been times when that's happened.
There, I feel like a fish in the water.
There, I noticed a few old newspapers.
There, I'm complying with your wish.
There, I'm following your desire.
There, I'm meeting your want.
There, a gluttonous animal was walking around, looking at me with bulging, longing eyes.
There, a merchant arrived by horse, accompanied by his servant.
There, behold, / matrons and men, a miserable band, / gathered for exile.
There, entering too, on broidered seats recline / the Tyrians, crowding through the festive court.
There, flocking in, the Trojans and their King / recline on purple coverlets outspread.
There, gazing at the ceiling, as my cigar slowly gives off a bluish smoke that dissipates like morning mist, I see your smile once more, the lovely smile of yesteryear.
There, he studied permaculture—a form of agriculture that allows people to establish sustainable organic gardens and farms—with a view to helping schools in impoverished areas of Africa to grow their own food.
There, here is the other clown asking for more!
There, hundreds of thousands of viewers watched him use an obscure racist slur to describe a cameraman working for his opponent.
There, in a temple built of ancient stone / I worship: "Grant, Thymbrean lord divine, / a home, a settled city of our own, / walls to the weary, and a lasting line, / to Troy another Pergamus. Incline / and harken. Save these Dardans sore-distrest, / the remnant of Achilles' wrath. Some sign / vouchsafe us, whom to follow? where to rest? / Steal into Trojan hearts, and make thy power confessed."
There, in front of him, in a box sat a beautiful woman. Around her neck she wore a long gold chain, from which hung a large medallion.
There, in the slum's alleys and byways, hundreds of tiny businesses flourish.
There, it wasn't raining.
There, just connect your computer to the power strip.
There, look: I've already thought of everything.
There, ministering justice, she presides, / and deals the law, and from her throne of state, / as choice determines or as chance decides, / to each, in equal share, his separate task divides. / Sudden, behold a concourse. Looking down, / his late-lost friends AEneas sees again, / Segestus, brave Cloanthus of renown, / Antheus and others of the Trojan train, / whom the black squall had scattered o'er the main, / and driven afar upon an alien strand.
There, mute, and, as the traitress deemed, unknown, / dreading the Danaan's vengeance, and the sword / of Trojans, wroth for Pergamus o'erthrown, / dreading the anger of her injured lord, / sat Troy's and Argos' fiend, twice hateful and abhorred.
There, my little doll, take it. Eat a little and listen to my sorrow. I must go to the hut of the old Baba Yaga in the dark forest to borrow some fire and I fear she will eat me. Tell me! What shall I do?
There, my little doll, take it. Eat a little, drink a little, and listen to my grief. I live in my father's house, but my spiteful stepmother wishes to drive me out of the white world. Tell me! How shall I act, and what shall I do?
There, now you've done it.
There, now! What did I tell you?
There, pandas are trained to perform dozens of activities.
There, pandas have been trained to perform dozens of items.
There, reft of arms, poor Troilus, rash to dare / Achilles, by his horses dragged amain, / hangs from his empty chariot. Neck and hair / trail on the ground; his hand still grasps the rein; / the spear inverted scores the dusty plain.
There, roof and pinnacle the Dardans tear – / death standing near – and hurl them on the foe, / last arms of need, the weapons of despair; / and gilded beams and rafters down they throw, / ancestral ornaments of days ago.
There, something completely different.
There, straight ahead.
There, the medications are modified into illegal narcotics using a process similar to one used in the West to manufacture methamphetamines using antihistamine medications.
There, there, child, don't cry.
There, there. It's all better now.
There, there. It’s all better now.
There, they hiked and enjoyed spa treatments.
There, torn from many a burning temple, lay / Troy's wealth; the tripods of the Gods were there, / piled in huge heaps, and raiment snatched away, / and golden bowls, and dames with streaming hair / and tender boys stand round, and tremble with despair.
There, under gorgeous curtains, at the head / sate Dido, throned upon a golden bed.
There, under the tree, there is a corncob.
There, you are mistaken!
There, you can smell the new field corn and the Tuesday meatloaf special wafting from a local diner.
There. That's me finished for the day. I'm off home.
Thereafter King Canute never wore the golden crown on his neck, but placed it on the image of the crucified Lord, in eternal praise of God the great king. By whose mercy may the soul of King Canute enjoy rest.
Thereafter we heard no more from him.
Thereafter, he was gradually promoted until he became company president.
Therefore God dealt well with the midwives: and the people multiplied and grew exceedingly strong. And because the midwives feared God, he built them houses.
Therefore I have written an account of what happened for your information.
Therefore I'm giving up for now. I'll still try to check out other possibilities but ... I think hopes are slim.
Therefore I, thy servant, will stay instead of the boy in the service of my lord, and let the boy go up with his brethren.
Therefore I’m giving up for now. I’ll still try to check out other possibilities but ... I think hopes are slim.
Therefore Moses and Aaron went in to Pharaoh, and said to him: Thus saith the Lord God of the Hebrews: How long refusest thou to submit to me? let my people go, to sacrifice to me.
Therefore all things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them: for this is the law and the prophets.
Therefore do not be anxious about tomorrow, for tomorrow will be anxious for itself. Sufficient for the day is its own trouble.
Therefore don't be anxious for tomorrow, for tomorrow will be anxious for itself. Each day's own evil is sufficient.
Therefore he commanded the same day the overseers of the works, and the task-masters of the people, saying: You shall give straw no more to the people to make brick, as before; but let them go and gather straw.
Therefore he promptly acquiesced in their terms, binding himself upon his honor as a gentleman to fulfil them to the letter.
Therefore he set over them masters of the works, to afflict them with burdens: and they built for Pharaoh cities of tabernacles, Phithom, and Ramesses.
Therefore in the six hundredth and first year, the first month, the first day of the month, the waters were lessened upon the earth, and Noah opening the covering of the ark, looked, and saw that the face of the earth was dried.
Therefore individual citizens have the duty to violate domestic laws to prevent crimes against peace and humanity from occurring.
Therefore it is important for us to be aware of other forms of politeness.
Therefore it will be closed for the rest of the year.
Therefore many people passed away.
Therefore that place was called Bersabee; because there both of them did swear.
Therefore the acceptance is quite different.
Therefore the children of Israel, unto this day, eat not the sinew, that shrank in Jacob's thigh: because he touched the sinew of his thigh and it shrank.
Therefore the man who is really a lover of learning must from youth on strive as intensely as possible for every kind of truth.
Therefore thou shalt tell all the people, that every man ask of his friend, and every woman of her neighbour, vessels of silver and of gold.
Therefore we had to help each other and in that way the bonds between me and my sister were strong.
Therefore we must be alert when writing or typing any sentence in English language.
Therefore we must pay close attention when writing or typing any sentence in Portuguese.
Therefore we ought to go to the savages, not to civilise them, but even to learn philosophy from them.
Therefore we should be alert when writing or typing any sentence in English language.
Therefore we should pay attention when writing or typing any sentence in Portuguese language.
Therefore when thou doest thine alms, do not sound a trumpet before thee, as the hypocrites do in the synagogues and in the streets, that they may have glory of men. Verily I say unto you, they have their reward.
Therefore when we were gone up to thy servant our father, we told him all that my lord had said. And our father said: Go again, and buy us a little wheat.
Therefore “Obama is focused on isolating Putin’s Russia by cutting off its economic and political ties to the outside world, limiting its expansionist ambitions in its own neighborhood and effectively making it a pariah state,” Peter Baker reports in The New York Times.
Therefore, E.T.A. Hoffman asserts: "Music is the most romantic of all arts, for its object is the infinite. It is the mysterious Sanskrit of nature, spoken in tones which fill up the soul of mankind with infinite yearning; and it alone lets us understand the songs of the trees, the flowers, the animals, the stones and the waters."
Therefore, I also request that all these services be given a good overhaul and that the relevant mechanisms and equipment be renewed so that they can adequately fulfill their function.
Therefore, I asked my classmates for support in resolving the remaining 20.5 billion MNT for the construction of this school, which is twice as performing as the budget approved last year.
Therefore, I say to you: Do not worry about your livelihood, food and clothing! Does life not mean more than eating and drinking and is the human being not more important than his clothes?
Therefore, a center for the development of human resources should be built in Japan.
Therefore, a young person is not an appropriate student of politics.
Therefore, all of us beggars and scroungers down at the front gate decided that if we didn't sort of band together, we wouldn't survive, and that if one could make it, that one would help all the others make it, and we would continue to help each other, so we banded together.
Therefore, be at peace with God, whatever you conceive Him to be.
Therefore, each individual human being is worth more than all the gold, silver, precious stones, cattle, stocks, bonds or oil in the universe.
Therefore, enjoy every day!
Therefore, for any text you hold the copyright to, by submitting it, you agree to license it under the Creative Commons Attribution License 2.0 (fr).
Therefore, for the glorious God, you must accept each other, and accept Jesus Christ in the same way.
Therefore, if I shall go to thy servant, our father, and the boy be wanting, (whereas his life dependeth upon the life of him,) and he shall see that he is not with us, he will die, and thy servants shall bring down his grey hairs with sorrow unto hell.
Therefore, it is necessary to reduce the cost.
Therefore, other countries including Bangladesh and Nepal can do that.
Therefore, other people's ways of thinking might not be suited to you.
Therefore, please submit it by 12 o'clock in 5 days.
Therefore, putting on one side imaginary things concerning a prince, and discussing those which are real, I say that all men when they are spoken of, and chiefly princes for being more highly placed, are remarkable for some of those qualities which bring them either blame or praise; and thus it is that one is reputed liberal, another miserly, using a Tuscan term (because an avaricious person in our language is still he who desires to possess by robbery, whilst we call one miserly who deprives himself too much of the use of his own); one is reputed generous, one rapacious; one cruel, one compassionate; one faithless, another faithful; one effeminate and cowardly, another bold and brave; one affable, another haughty; one lascivious, another chaste; one sincere, another cunning; one hard, another easy; one grave, another frivolous; one religious, another unbelieving, and the like.
Therefore, they cannot catalyze deregulation without "external pressure".
Therefore, we are going to have to convince Swedes not to forget their mother tongue.
Therefore, we try to persuade people not to have cash, to have money electronically transferred.
Therefore?
Therein lies the problem.
Theremin: The world's first electronic musical instrument, made by Russian physicist Lev Sergeivitch Termen in 1920.
Theremin: The world’s first electronic musical instrument, made by Russian physicist Lev Sergeivitch Termen in 1920.
Thereupon he let the cat out of the bag.
Thereupon the little mermaid left the garden and went toward the roaring whirlpools at the back of which the witch lived.
Thereupon the little mermaid, lifting her beautiful white arms and raising herself on tiptoe, glided on the floor with a grace which none of the other dancers had yet attained.
Thereupon the prince sent for the merchant and his daughters, and he was married to Bella, and they all lived happy together ever afterwards.
Thereupon the queen, looking about, espied the small house on the other side of the Dordogne, standing by itself among the trees.
Thereupon, in came her godmother, who, having touched Cinderella's clothes with her wand, made them more magnificent than those she had worn before.
Therewith the royal sceptre, which of yore / Ilione, Priam's eldest daughter, bore; / her shining necklace, strung with costly beads, / and diadem, rimmed with gold and studded o'er / with sparkling gems. Thus charged, Achates heeds, / and towards the ships forthwith in eager haste proceeds.
There’ll be a problem.
There’ll be quite a lot of scenes like this in the next few programs.
There’ll be standing room only.
There’re many rich Americans. On the other hand some Americans are very poor.
There’re more than 100 people in the room.
There’s a Mr Kay wants to see you.
There’s a Subway sandwich shop just across from Hayasaka Cycle on Clis Road.
There’s a Turkish student at Magdalena’s school. His name is ReÅŸit.
There’s a bank in front of the hotel.
There’s a bank on the corner.
There’s a bat on the ceiling in my office!
There’s a beautiful bridge over the pond.
There’s a big fly on the ceiling.
There’s a big sign.
There’s a black hat caught in the high tree top.
There’s a black sheep in every flock.
There’s a blind man looking for a shadow of doubt.
There’s a boogeyman under my bed.
There’s a book here.
There’s a box in the hall.
There’s a boy.
There’s a bus here.
There’s a bus stop close to our school.
There’s a bus stop here.
There’s a bus stop neighbouring our school.
There’s a car coming.
There’s a cat in my house.
There’s a certain pleasure in pointing out other people’s errors.
There’s a chance he isn't revealing everything.
There’s a chance that she might know the answer.
There’s a chance that tap water may contain harmful substances like chlorine and lead.
There’s a checkpoint at the border where they look in your trunk.
There’s a church behind my house.
There’s a cold wind from the north.
There’s a comparatively large cinema complex inside the mall.
There’s a convenience store diagonally across the street.
There’s a convict escaped from Princetown, sir. He’s been out three days now, and the warders watch every road and every station, but they’ve had no sight of him yet.
There’s a cost to working with things that are not fully baked yet.
There’s a couple here.
There’s a crack in everything, that’s how the light gets in.
There’s a crown here.
There’s a cure for everything, except death.
There’s a dead body under the cherry tree!
There’s a degree of stress in every job.
There’s a dog by the door.
There’s a draught in here.
There’s a drinking fountain by the tennis court.
There’s a dull ache in my left arm.
There’s a familiar trend of fast food chains like KFC and Burger King entering developing countries, where citizens start to see obesity rates increase amid all the new junk food options.
There’s a fine crop of corn this year.
There’s a fire down the hall.
There’s a fire in the building. We have to evacuate immediately.
There’s a flea on the dog.
There’s a fly in the noodle broth.
There’s a fortune in the making for any hard worker.
There’s a foul smell in the kitchen.
There’s a fuel shortage even in the Tokyo area.
There’s a game called Minecraft that is about mining.
There’s a garden behind our house.
There’s a general sense that something should be done about unemployment.
There’s a glass here.
There’s a global problem of comprehension.
There’s a good chance that this year’s rice crop will be up on last year’s.
There’s a good view of Mt. Akagi from upstairs.
There’s a great variety of creatures living in the sea.
There’s a great view from the rooftop of that building. Want to go see?
There’s a grueling uphill stretch of road at mile 23 of the marathon.
There’s a hair in my soup.
There’s a heartwarming story about a rescued puppy.
There’s a hero, if you look inside your heart.
There’s a hobby I pursue that surprises most people.
There’s a hole in my coat.
There’s a hole in the bottom of the bucket.
There’s a hole in this bucket.
There’s a hole in this sock.
There’s a hole in this.
There’s a hotel across the street.
There’s a hotel here.
There’s a huge hole in the wall.
There’s a huge spider in the room! Quick, exterminate it!
There’s a lady asking for you.
There’s a large clock near the top of the tower.
There’s a large risk involved.
There’s a light in a woman’s eyes that speaks louder than words.
There’s a little bit of water in the glass.
There’s a little black spot on the sun today.
There’s a long line at every cash register.
There’s a lot more to discover.
There’s a lot of crazies in the library.
There’s a lot of danger during a big storm.
There’s a lot of flu going around now.
There’s a lot of gaps in my knowledge of math.
There’s a lot of glare.
There’s a lot of greenery in Tokyo Midtown!
There’s a lot of mess to clear up.
There’s a lot of money at stake in this transaction.
There’s a lot of noise in a typical city.
There’s a lot of red tape involved in this procedure.
There’s a lot of room left for improvement.
There’s a lot of stuff in our lo mein.
There’s a lot of traffic on the roads around this time of the day.
There’s a lot of trash on the far bank of the river.
There’s a lot of wild, open space between military installations in Alaska.
There’s a lot of wind this morning, isn’t there?
There’s a lot to discuss today.
There’s a lot to see in Paris.
There’s a man at the door who wants to see you at all costs.
There’s a man at the door who wants to talk to you.
There’s a man outside looking for you.
There’s a man that I don’t know in front of the house.
There’s a man with a gun in his hand standing at the door.
There’s a mistake in the bill.
There’s a monster under my bed, I’m certain of that.
There’s a monster under my bed.
There’s a new long fishing rod in the shop.
There’s a nice Thai restaurant near here.
There’s a nice breeze here.
There’s a party after work.
There’s a party going on in the next room.
There’s a pea in my right nostril.
There’s a phone call for you from Akemi.
There’s a phone call for you!
There’s a place called Kuchiwa in Hiroshima.
There’s a possibility of war.
There’s a possibility that Tom will be late.
There’s a possibility that she’ll succeed.
There’s a possibility that the man was murdered.
There’s a postcard here.
There’s a problem there that you don’t see.
There’s a pub just around the corner.
There’s a pyramid in Mexico bigger than any of those in Egypt.
There’s a reason he’s the best.
There’s a restaurant here.
There’s a rich man sleeping on a golden bed.
There’s a rock in my shoe.
There’s a rumor Johnson is going to be traded.
There’s a rumor abroad that she has got a new job.
There’s a rumor going around that she got a new job.
There’s a rumor in the air that the firm is going into bankruptcy.
There’s a rumor that the President will resign.
There’s a sandwich here.
There’s a saying that goes, "Fortune always comes in pairs." But there’s another saying that says, "Fortune comes, but never in pairs, while misfortune always does."
There’s a saying that says to read the Quran as though it’s being revealed to you.
There’s a saying, "once in a life-time event," and that’s just what this is.
There’s a scent of danger.
There’s a scratch here. Could you give me a discount?
There’s a secret passage on the left.
There’s a secret path on the left.
There’s a sense of oddness here.
There’s a sense that he isn't being completely honest.
There’s a skeleton choking on a crust of bread.
There’s a slight difference between her thinking and mine.
There’s a slight possibility of a recurrence.
There’s a small movie theater not too far from my house which I had been meaning to check out for a while, so the other day I went there for the first time.
There’s a small possibility that Tom will be arrested.
There’s a soccer match tomorrow.
There’s a special exhibit of Picasso’s sketches.
There’s a spirit sickness among the Uyghurs.
There’s a splendid park in the centre of the town.
There’s a stone on the ground.
There’s a storm coming.
There’s a strange dog in the garden.
There’s a strange vibe here.
There’s a strong probability of a nuclear tragedy.
There’s a subtle difference in meaning between the two words.
There’s a sucker born every minute.
There’s a telephone book for you to see.
There’s a telephone here.
There’s a telephone in my room.
There’s a telephone in the hall.
There’s a thorn in my finger and I can’t get it out.
There’s a tick on the dog.
There’s a tiny amount of milk left in the bottle.
There’s a traitor among us.
There’s a trend these days towards small families.
There’s a very rigid hierarchy in the Civil Service.
There’s a vital link between the two.
There’s a volcano emitting masses of smoke in Iceland.
There’s a white building just around the corner.
There’s a wildlife preserve on the river in town, if you’re watching ducks that would be a good place.
There’s a woman as wants to see you.
There’s a yellow rose there.
There’s a yellow rose.
There’s all kinds of people in the world.
There’s almost no coffee left in the pot.
There’s almost no water in the bucket.
There’s almost no water left in the pond.
There’s also a great deal of so called behind-the-scenes work.
There’s also a park there.
There’s also the danger of unexploded bombs, so they reported it to the police and the area was taped off to keep people out.
There’s always a next time.
There’s always somebody there.
There’s always someone talking.
There’s always something good in human folly.
There’s ample room in the attic.
There’s an American girl who wants to see you.
There’s an apple in this boy’s pocket.
There’s an elegant garden behind the palace.
There’s an empty bedroom in the house.
There’s an extra charge at the hotel for Internet access.
There’s an important difference between talking "with" someone and talking "to" them.
There’s an odd feeling in the air.
There’s an old cherry tree in the garden.
There’s an old movie theater in town.
There’s an old tower in the center of the village.
There’s an orange on the table.
There’s an outside chance of winning.
There’s another reason, isn’t there? Well, how did I do? I bet I hit the mark.
There’s another rumor in the air that the firm is going into bankruptcy.
There’s around 6 billion people in the world.
There’s bad blood between them.
There’s bamboo growing in the garden.
There’s been a constant stream of complaint calls since last week.
There’s been a death in his family.
There’s been a flood of inquiries about the accident.
There’s been a lawyer in the family for generations.
There’s been a lot of rain this year.
There’s been a power cut.
There’s been an accident.
There’s been an accident. A man is hurt. He’s bleeding badly.
There’s been an error.
There’s been no claim for punitive damages, only compensatory.
There’s been really no effort at all to kind of reach out and even understand what’s going on.
There’s class warfare all right, but it’s my class, the rich class, that’s making war, and we’re winning.
There’s coffee, and then there’s COFFEE.
There’s danger that the levee will break. We have to evacuate immediately.
There’s dust on the table.
There’s enough food to go round.
There’s enough time for a quick snack.
There’s foul play somewhere, and there’s black villainy brewing, to that I’ll swear!
There’s going to be a downpour.
There’s going to be a new world order out there, and we’ve got to lead it.
There’s going to be a three-mile race tomorrow.
There’s going to be a tsunami!
There’s gum stuck to the back of my shoe.
There’s hardly any coffee left in the pot.
There’s hardly any hope that he’ll win the election.
There’s less to do in this job than the last one.
There’s little chance of keeping slim, unless you stick to a diet.
There’s little merit in asking him for help.
There’s little water in the tank, if any.
There’s lots to do: there are cinemas and lots of shops in the town centre.
There’s many a slip between the cup and the lip.
There’s many a slip ’twixt the cup and the lip.
There’s many a true word spoken in jest.
There’s mold on the bread. This means that we can’t eat it anymore.
There’s more cloud today than yesterday.
There’s more to her than you think. She may seem pretty meek on first glance, but I get the sense she can get things done when she needs to.
There’s more to this than meets the eye.
There’s more ways than one to kill a cat.
There’s more wind today than yesterday.
There’s much guilt about everything.
There’s much room for improvement in this project.
There’s narrow road to the village.
There’s new energy to harness, new jobs to be created, new schools to build, and threats to meet, alliances to repair.
There’s no accounting for taste.
There’s no beer here.
There’s no better way to start the day.
There’s no but about it!
There’s no call to get angry over this matter.
There’s no chair to sit upon.
There’s no class today.
There’s no demand for them as tools, so the product line-up is poor.
There’s no denying his ability as a pitcher, but he is rather injury-prone.
There’s no denying the harmful effects of smoking.
There’s no disguising the fact that she is dishonest.
There’s no doubt that Tom loved Mary.
There’s no doubt that Tom poisoned Mary.
There’s no doubt that Tom used to live in Boston.
There’s no doubt that he likes taking walks.
There’s no doubt that she’ll visit England this summer.
There’s no doubt that the universe is infinite.
There’s no doubt.
There’s no doubt: the universe is infinite.
There’s no easy way out.
There’s no escape for her.
There’s no evidence this disease is caused by diet.
There’s no evidence.
There’s no excuse for his delay.
There’s no film in this camera.
There’s no food right now.
There’s no fool like an old fool.
There’s no free lunch.
There’s no good and evil in this world; there’s only ignorance, and ignorance, my friend, rules.
There’s no good talking any more about it.
There’s no guarantee that the stock will go up.
There’s no harm done.
There’s no hiding the fact from her.
There’s no hope at this moment that the closed section will be reopened.
There’s no hot water on the fifth floor, but there is on the ground floor.
There’s no hot water on the fourth floor, but there is on the ground floor.
There’s no hurry.
There’s no ice, and in any case it’s too cold today for iced tea.
There’s no life in this body.
There’s no love without jealousy.
There’s no manti right now.
There’s no membership fee for joining.
There’s no mistake about it.
There’s no mistake.
There’s no mistaking about that.
There’s no more room in hell.
There’s no more salt.
There’s no need for us to argue about this.
There’s no need for you to butt in. Just let him do this on his own.
There’s no need for you to prepare a formal speech.
There’s no need to advertise a good sake.
There’s no need to advertise a good wine.
There’s no need to apologize.
There’s no need to be frightened of the dog; he is quite harmless.
There’s no need to be that tense.
There’s no need to bite my head off!
There’s no need to cry like a baby.
There’s no need to cry like a child.
There’s no need to exaggerate.
There’s no need to get so angry.
There’s no need to get so angry. Keep your temper.
There’s no need to hurry.
There’s no need to hurry. We have plenty of time.
There’s no need to panic, it’s a minor problem.
There’s no need to panic. There’s plenty of time.
There’s no need to see them off.
There’s no need to speak so loud.
There’s no need to tell on him and mess up their marriage.
There’s no need to worry.
There’s no one but me here.
There’s no one by that name here.
There’s no one here who can deal with the problem.
There’s no one in the room.
There’s no one more deaf than he who does not want to listen.
There’s no one sitting here.
There’s no other way than this now.
There’s no place like home.
There’s no plan. Only chaos.
There’s no point arguing about what’s true and what’s false.
There’s no point going there now. I’m sure they are closed.
There’s no point in hiring a babysitter for the evening.
There’s no point in taking a camera.
There’s no point in waiting.
There’s no point saying "Hi, how are you?" to me if you have nothing else to say.
There’s no point starting a shop selling take-away lunches; there are already plenty.
There’s no poison in this fish.
There’s no possibility of his coming.
There’s no problem with working hard, but it’s also very important to know what you’re working for.
There’s no proof of anything!
There’s no psychological harm.
There’s no reason to panic. Just handle it quickly.
There’s no reason why I should become a physician because my father is one.
There’s no room for excuses when it comes to your negligence, is there?
There’s no room in this town for your kind.
There’s no room to study here. If only I had a room of my own!
There’s no running water here, only well water.
There’s no rush to get married.
There’s no rush. If you would, in your own time.
There’s no salad oil left.
There’s no salt.
There’s no sense acting all triumphant like a conquering hero over such a minor thing.
There’s no shame in saying "I don't know."
There’s no shortage of candidates.
There’s no smoke without fire.
There’s no soap.
There’s no space in the room for another bed.
There’s no stopping now.
There’s no success without perseverance.
There’s no such thing as a free lunch.
There’s no such thing as a perfect sentence. Just as there’s no such thing as perfect despair.
There’s no such word as "can’t".
There’s no talking to him when he’s angry.
There’s no telling what he’ll do next.
There’s no telling what kind of trouble this proposal might stir up. The result is certainly going to be something to see.
There’s no telling when she’ll stab you in the back.
There’s no time for that!
There’s no time for this!
There’s no time!
There’s no time, so ready-made pack OK?
There’s no toilet paper.
There’s no turning back now.
There’s no turning back.
There’s no use crying over spilt milk.
There’s no use for plastic supermarket bags aside from putting trash in them.
There’s no use making such a thing.
There’s no use trying to persuade him.
There’s no water coming out of the shower.
There’s no water in the well.
There’s no way I can do it.
There’s no way I can make it up to you.
There’s no way I could do something like that in front of people.
There’s no way I’m going to do that.
There’s no way I’m taking the rap for his mistakes.
There’s no way off the island.
There’s no way one that big is going to go on a bike’s luggage rest.
There’s no way she’ll ever marry Sato.
There’s no way something like that would really happen, but it seemed just right to drive the point home.
There’s no way that Tom could have stolen the money without being seen.
There’s no way that Tom will ever be able to juggle.
There’s no way to convince him. He absolutely insists that the only way to solve the problem is his way.
There’s no way to find his house.
There’s no way to get in touch with him.
There’s no way to predict what you will dream tonight.
There’s no way we’re going to do that.
There’s no wind today.
There’s not a chance.
There’s not a cloud in the sky.
There’s not a joy the world can give like that it takes away.
There’s not a moment to waste.
There’s not a single safe place anymore in Japan.
There’s not enough light in this room for sewing.
There’s not enough room in here for both Tom and Mary.
There’s not even one orange on the table.
There’s not so much text in this book.
There’s not very many customers today.
There’s nothing I can do about it.
There’s nothing I can do but give up the idea of going abroad.
There’s nothing I can do.
There’s nothing I could ever say that would make Tom change his mind.
There’s nothing I wouldn’t do for you.
There’s nothing as precious as love.
There’s nothing better than a good onion soup to drive away the hangover after a night of drinking.
There’s nothing better than reading in the long autumn nights.
There’s nothing better than taking a nice walk.
There’s nothing else to do but wait.
There’s nothing good on television.
There’s nothing important in the paper.
There’s nothing in this box.
There’s nothing like a good hot bath.
There’s nothing like close combat to test one’s mettle.
There’s nothing like doing it yourself!
There’s nothing more I can tell you.
There’s nothing more expensive than love.
There’s nothing that can be done about his feeling sorry for her.
There’s nothing that can be done.
There’s nothing that can keep us apart.
There’s nothing that can stop us now.
There’s nothing that cannot be done with money in this world.
There’s nothing that can’t be done if we work together.
There’s nothing that ruins life as much as premature ejaculation.
There’s nothing there.
There’s nothing to be afraid of.
There’s nothing to be done about it.
There’s nothing to be scared of.
There’s nothing to do, so I may as well go to bed.
There’s nothing to do, so I may as well watch television.
There’s nothing to make such a fuss about.
There’s nothing to worry about.
There’s nothing we could show off with.
There’s nothing worse in the world than not being able to draw air into your lungs.
There’s nothing worse than doing things by halves!!
There’s often more beneath the surface.
There’s one just near the station.
There’s one thing I shall never understand till my dying day.
There’s only a little milk left.
There’s only one bath towel in our bathroom.
There’s only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that’s your own self.
There’s only one pretty child in the world, and every mother has it.
There’s only one store on the island.
There’s only one thing we can do now!
There’s only rubbish on the radio.
There’s only two days left.
There’s pain throughout the body.
There’s plenty of blame to go around.
There’s probably been a traffic accident.
There’s probably somebody in that old house.
There’s proper etiquette for everything, even an orgy.
There’s quite a lot of things to do; do you want some help?
There’s room for eight people in this elevator.
There’s room inside.
There’s some sugar in that bowl over there.
There’s somebody coming up the stairs.
There’s somebody here who did it, isn’t there?
There’s somebody who wants to meet you.
There’s someone I’m in (unrequited) love with, but that person is busy now and I don’t get replies to my emails.
There’s someone at the door.
There’s someone at the doorway.
There’s something I have to let you know right away.
There’s something I need to talk with you about.
There’s something I need to tell you before you leave.
There’s something I need to tell you, and I know you’re not going to like it.
There’s something about Tom that I don’t like.
There’s something about Tom that gets on my nerves.
There’s something about his attitude that feels off.
There’s something about this bookstore that just makes people want to come back again.
There’s something about this translation that isn’t quite right.
There’s something going on between Tom and Mary.
There’s something happening here that I don’t quite understand.
There’s something he’s not telling.
There’s something mysterious about her.
There’s something mysterious about him.
There’s something rotten in the state of Denmark.
There’s something the matter with my car.
There’s something throbbing in my head now, like a docker’s hammer, but that morning I seemed to have all Niagara whizzing and buzzing in my ears.
There’s something unusual about him.
There’s something wrong with this machine.
There’s somethin’ mighty queer behind this, Scott!
There’s still a lot left to do, so I won’t get bored.
There’s still a lot to be done.
There’s still much to do.
There’s still plenty of room for improvement in dictionaries.
There’s still plenty that needs to be done.
There’s strength in being independent, but I miss family.
There’s strength in vulnerability and honesty.
There’s the bell.
There’s the chance to get a huge income in this business, a million yen a month is possible!
There’s the island of my dreams!
There’s the perk of letting you join communities for paying members.
There’s the rub.
There’s to be a strike on April 6th.
There’s too much money in these accounts.
There’s too much salt in this soup.
There’s too much sport on TV.
There’s too much to do!
There’s very little money coming in at present.
There’s very little paper left.
There’s very little pure blood in any nation now.
There’s very little we can do now.
There’s volcanic ash in the atmosphere.
There’s water in Ashland, too.
There’s work and there’s your life’s work.
Thermae were Roman baths.
Thermal waters typically have a sulphur-like flavor.
Thermodynamics is a branch of physics which deals with the energy and work of a system.
Thermometers often go below zero.
These "friends" are a bad influence on you.
These Algerian traditional cakes are absolutely wonderfully made.
These Americans are our friends.
These Berber videos are so boring.
These Berber words are good to know.
These Buddhist temples are remarkable.
These Canadian women can drink beer without gaining weight because they exercise so much.
These Chinese characters are not too difficult for us.
These Dreamers are Americans in their hearts, in their minds, in every single way but one: on paper. They were brought to this country by their parents, sometimes even as infants. They may not know a country besides ours. They may not even know a language besides English. They often have no idea they’re undocumented until they apply for a job, or college, or a driver’s license.
These French exercises are not easy.
These German translators are so unproductive, Tatoeba should delocalise production to Asia!
These Irish heathers are gorgeous.
These Islamic books are targeted towards the African American community.
These Kabyle dresses aren't for sale.
These Kabyle dresses come from two different regions.
These Muslim converts come from different backgrounds.
These Muslim converts come from different cultures.
These Muslims are good people.
These Palestinian villagers are at the mercy of Israeli soldiers.
These Phrygian divinities who had achieved full naturalization and had been placed on the official list of gods, were adopted by the populations of the Occident as Roman gods together with the rest.
These Polish sentences have different meanings.
These Russian movies are dubbed in English.
These Tuareg had large herds of cows.
These Tuareg sandals are made by hand from start to finish.
These Tuaregs have lost their traditions.
These accidents keep happening.
These accomplishments notwithstanding, challenges remain.
These accusations are false.
These accusations are unfounded.
These action figures are in mint condition.
These actions are an abuse of power and fundamentally undermine the rule of law.
These actions constitute a breach of privacy.
These activities are interesting but dangerous.
These adjectives are all positive.
These agreements came out of high-level Inter-Korean talks held Tuesday in Panmunjom, the so-called "peace village" straddling the border where the 1953 armistice that ended the fighting in the Korean War was signed.
These aims are an important part of the regional development strategy.
These air conditioners are no longer available on the market today.
These airliners call business class "executive class".
These aliens are trapped in ice.
These aliens want to enslave humanity.
These all belong to me.
These all differ from each other in language, customs and laws.
These allegations are false.
These allegations are ridiculous.
These allegations are serious.
These allegations are very serious.
These allegations aren't very serious.
These alpaca wool mittens are soft and warm.
These anchovies are so oily tasting.
These and many more arguments he urged with all the eloquence of a pleader who has received three thousand drachmas for his fee.
These and many other changes are clear signs of a warming world.
These and perhaps other sentences need to be removed from the corpus. They are from a copyrighted book.
These and similar things do not allow anything serious or noteworthy to be done in Rome.
These animals are better than those ones.
These animals are better than those.
These animals are friendly.
These animals are going in different directions.
These animals are mine.
These animals are on the verge of extinction.
These animals are very friendly, too.
These animals are very friendly.
These animals feed on grass.
These animals go through horrific experiences during their short lives merely so that the users of the cosmetics can have slightly more attractive features.
These animals performed a service to their respective countries that no human could or would have performed. They gave their lives and/or their service in the name of technological advancement, paving the way for humanity's many forays into space.
These animals were startled by the noise of the fireworks.
These answers confuse cause with consequence.
These antiques are sought-after by a clientele hailing from nearly every part of the world.
These apartments are designed specifically for young families.
These apple strudels are fresh from the oven.
These apples are all rotten.
These apples are beginning to spoil.
These apples are big.
These apples are delicious.
These apples are for Tom.
These apples are for you.
These apples are from the tree in our front yard.
These apples are good cookers.
These apples are green.
These apples are huge.
These apples are really delicious.
These apples are rotten.
These apples are small.
These apples are so delicious!
These apples are too sour.
These apples are very big.
These apples are very large.
These apples aren't ripe yet.
These apples didn't cost much.
These apples don't go red when they ripen, but yellow.
These apples have started rotting.
These apples look very fresh.
These apples taste good.
These apples were cheap.
These apples were expensive.
These archeologists study ancient ruins.
These are Algeria's GDP figures.
These are Algeria's best under 18 basketball players.
These are Algeria's best under-18 basketball players.
These are Algerian cakes.
These are Algerian flags.
These are Algerian traditional cakes.
These are Classical harmonies.
These are Halloween decorations.
These are Impressionist harmonies.
These are James's glasses.
These are Mary's dresses.
These are Mary's earrings.
These are Muslim Algerians.
These are Muslims.
These are Norway rats.
These are Romantic harmonies.
These are Sami's life savings.
These are Tom's and Mary's bicycles.
These are Tom's and Mary's motorcycles, I think.
These are Tom's and Mary's suitcases.
These are Tom's and Mary's umbrellas.
These are Tom's and Mary's.
These are Tom's books.
These are Tom's boots, not mine.
These are Tom's boots.
These are Tom's cats.
These are Tom's friends.
These are Tom's glasses, not mine.
These are Tom's glasses.
These are Tom's gloves.
These are Tom's ski boots.
These are Tom's slippers.
These are Tom's sunglasses.
These are Tom's, aren't they?
These are Tom's.
These are Vladimir's favorite noodles.
These are Yanni's.
These are Ziri's glasses.
These are a few questions to consider.
These are a kind of nocturnal flower.
These are all I have.
These are all basic skills.
These are all books.
These are all delicious.
These are all good questions.
These are all good sentences.
These are all important letters to read.
These are all languages of the Altaic language family group.
These are all lies!
These are all links in the same chain.
These are all much the same.
These are all my occupations!
These are all powered by a single propane-fueled generator.
These are all quotations from the Bible.
These are all stories, my daughter.
These are all the YouTube videos Mark watched.
These are all the possible conjugations of the Berber verb.
These are all the things that I need.
These are all the weaned lambs.
These are all trivial problems.
These are all unanswered questions.
These are also made in Algeria.
These are ancient ruins.
These are animals.
These are another pair of shoes.
These are antonyms.
These are as good as those.
These are babies.
These are bad times.
These are baseless speculations.
These are beans.
These are bear tracks.
These are beautiful bookcases.
These are beautiful flowers.
These are beautiful horses.
These are beautiful pictures.
These are beautiful.
These are better than those.
These are better.
These are bicycles.
These are big questions.
These are birds.
These are bleak days.
These are bones from a human.
These are both called "future volitional" and include the intent of the subject.
These are boys and those are girls.
These are brand-new towels.
These are cafes, patterned after Middle East lounges, where people gather to smoke fruit-flavored tobacco from water pipes.
These are cakes of her baking.
These are cakes that she baked herself.
These are called shoes.
These are castanets.
These are characteristics of the spoken language.
These are cheap, aren't they?
These are children from our street.
These are clothes that Mary made by herself.
These are common diseases of children.
These are completely different opinions.
These are complicated issues.
These are complicated times.
These are conventional methods.
These are counterfeit bills.
These are counterfeit.
These are cufflinks.
These are daisies.
These are dangerous men.
These are dangerous times.
These are dangerous: a bull in front, a horse from behind, and a fool from any side.
These are dark colors.
These are dark times.
These are decisions I want to make alone.
These are decisions I want you to help me make.
These are different types of computers.
These are different types of giraffes.
These are difficult questions.
These are difficult times.
These are disposable clothes.
These are doors.
These are drag queens.
These are dumplings.
These are easy to sell.
These are easy, we can remove them.
These are edible mushrooms.
These are effects of stress.
These are embers.
These are even worse.
These are evidence of a long-lost, ancient culture.
These are evidence of a vanished ancient culture.
These are example sentences, not professions of faith.
These are exciting times.
These are expensive blueberries.
These are expensive tickets.
These are expensive!
These are expensive.
These are experts in psychological torture.
These are extraordinary times.
These are extremely potent.
These are facts.
These are fair questions.
These are fake facts.
These are fakes.
These are fish.
These are flowers from our garden.
These are for Tom.
These are for her.
These are for him.
These are for me.
These are for them.
These are for us.
These are for you, Tom.
These are for you.
These are foreign words.
These are free men? What a joke!
These are frequent questions.
These are fresh.
These are freshly baked cookies.
These are from Tom.
These are fully functional.
These are fundamental questions.
These are genuine.
These are getting hard to find.
These are gifts for my friends.
These are gifts.
These are goals that seem unattainable to me.
These are golden words.
These are good cookies.
These are good principles to die for.
These are good principles.
These are good questions.
These are good.
These are gorgeous.
These are graded on a hundred-point scale.
These are graves of at least a century ago.
These are great.
These are half price today.
These are handcuffs.
These are hard times, I know.
These are hard times.
These are hard to get a hold of.
These are hard to make.
These are harmful views.
These are hats.
These are heavy.
These are her books.
These are hidden treasures.
These are high quality goods.
These are high quality tires.
These are highly flammable gases.
These are his belly button rings.
These are his books.
These are his pens.
These are his photos.
These are his words, not mine.
These are homonyms.
These are immigrants from Algeria.
These are important questions.
These are important things.
These are industrial light bulbs.
These are inexcusable mistakes.
These are insect larvae.
These are interesting challenges.
These are interesting times.
These are irreplaceable.
These are issues that we need to discuss.
These are issues we need to address soon.
These are just brownies.
These are just campaign promises.
These are just crazy ideas.
These are just gimmicks.
These are just guidelines, not hard and fast rules.
These are just jokes.
These are just rough examples.
These are just routine questions we ask everyone.
These are just useless and resultless meetings.
These are kids' toys.
These are leather.
These are liberated folks? As if!
These are library books.
These are made of leather.
These are marshmallows.
These are members of the Algerian community in the UK.
These are mine.
These are more than just assumptions.
These are my Berber books.
These are my Berber dictionaries.
These are my CDs.
These are my best friends.
These are my books and those are his books.
These are my books, and those are his books.
These are my books, not Tom's.
These are my books, those are his.
These are my books.
These are my books; those are his.
These are my boys.
These are my briefs.
These are my brother and sister, Tom and Mary.
These are my brothers.
These are my children.
These are my classmates.
These are my contact details.
These are my cousins.
These are my cum socks.
These are my daughter's drawings.
These are my daughters.
These are my dominant thoughts.
These are my favorite pair of shoes.
These are my favorite shoes.
These are my favorites.
These are my favourite shoes.
These are my fellow students.
These are my friends Salas and Skura.
These are my friends, Tom and Mary.
These are my friends.
These are my friends. Their names are Tom and Mary.
These are my glasses.
These are my grandchildren.
These are my grandmother's artificial teeth.
These are my grandmother’s artificial teeth.
These are my grandparents.
These are my guests.
These are my kids.
These are my last words here.
These are my last words.
These are my only pair of work gloves.
These are my pants.
These are my parents.
These are my pencils.
These are my people.
These are my products.
These are my reading glasses.
These are my semen socks.
These are my shoes and those are yours.
These are my shoes.
These are my sister's magazines.
These are my sister’s magazines.
These are my son's cookies.
These are my son's drawings.
These are my sons'.
These are my sons.
These are my sperm socks.
These are my students.
These are my suitcases.
These are my terms.
These are my thank-you notes.
These are my things.
These are my tools.
These are my trousers.
These are my underpants.
These are new boots I haven't worn before.
These are new.
These are nice.
These are nice. How much are they?
These are no better.
These are not apples. These are pears.
These are not conversations to have with your mother.
These are not first-class carriages.
These are not made any more.
These are not my ideas.
These are not numbers.
These are not open source drivers.
These are not oranges. These are melons.
These are not ravens; these are crows.
These are not strawberries. These are raspberries.
These are not sufficient reasons for breaking the promise.
These are not the colors of the cheese.
These are not the remains of an animal.
These are not things I believe in.
These are not to be touched.
These are not words.
These are not your forks.
These are novels.
These are numbers to be taken with a pinch of salt.
These are nursery rhymes.
These are of no use to me.
These are old books.
These are old photos.
These are old villages.
These are olives.
These are on sale everywhere.
These are original.
These are ostrich eggs.
These are ostrich feathers.
These are our books.
These are our cafeterias!
These are our children.
These are our customized color palettes.
These are our desks.
These are our dining halls!
These are our enemies.
These are our kids.
These are our most advanced weapons.
These are our rules.
These are our twin children.
These are our visitors.
These are our wedding pictures.
These are ours, aren't they?
These are ours.
These are painful memories for me.
These are pancakes.
These are parasitic wasps.
These are patients who have had individual treatment paths.
These are pens.
These are people from Algeria.
These are people who were born and raised abroad and know nothing about Kabylie.
These are people.
These are perfect.
These are pine trees.
These are pliers.
These are poisonous mushrooms.
These are pretty good.
These are probably worth at least three hundred dollars.
These are probably yours.
These are problems I can handle.
These are professionals? My high school marching band has more talent than them.
These are questions I can answer.
These are questions that I can't answer.
These are questions that matter.
These are questions that only Tom can answer.
These are questions which interest everyone.
These are questions worth debating.
These are questions worth discussing.
These are questions you should ask Tom, instead of me.
These are quite different.
These are quite similar.
These are real people, not actors.
These are real.
These are really comfortable shoes.
These are really crazy.
These are really good.
These are really just excuses.
These are really sweet.
These are really, really bad things.
These are rechargable batteries.
These are relatively expensive stocks.
These are rich kids from Algiers.
These are ridiculous stories.
These are roses.
These are seedless grapes.
These are select peaches.
These are serious charges.
These are serious difficulties.
These are serious issues.
These are serious problems. They shouldn't be swept under the carpet.
These are shin guards.
These are shocking results.
These are signs of winter.
These are similar but not the same.
These are similar, but they aren't the same.
These are similar, but they're not the same.
These are simple sentences.
These are situations that I definitely don't want to experience.
These are slave wages.
These are slick tires.
These are small gears that have to work well.
These are so cheap. We should buy enough for the next year or two.
These are society's difficulties.
These are sold in one's.
These are sold in one’s.
These are some 10 guidelines that will help my friend to get familiar with Finnish cultures, everyday life, and customs. 1. Respect for Personal Space Finnish people value personal space by keeping a bit of distance when talking to someone. Handshakes are common greetings, but hugs are only for close friends or family. 2. Quietness In Finland, silence is not weird but part of the culture and conversations don’t need constant talking always, because quiet moments are completely fine. 3. The Sauna The sauna is an important part of Finnish life it is a place to relax, and being comfortable with the traditions, like nudity, shows respect for the culture. 4. Be Punctual Time management is very important in Finland and can be seen as respect, so whether it’s a meeting or a casual event, always aim to be on time. 5. Learning basics of Finnish Language While many Finns speak excellent English, learning some basic Finnish phrases can go a long way in showing respect for the culture like “Kiitos”, “Moi”, and “Anteeksi” are helpful in everyday discussion. 6. Connecting with Nature Nature is very important in Finnish culture with enjoying outdoor activities like hiking, berry picking, and swimming. 7. Coffee is a Big Deal Coffee drinking and "kahvitauko", are a daily tradition, often enjoyed with something sweet like korvapuusti. 8. Equality Finnish culture emphasizes equality and humility. Everyone is treated equally, and showing off wealth or status is not appreciated.
These are some good ideas.
These are some important things that you need to remember.
These are some of Algiers' oldest buildings.
These are some of the flavors I love and that I link with American cuisine, but I also could not live without cumin, cardamom, lemongrass, dill, ginger and rosemary.
These are some of the pictures I took yesterday.
These are some of the questions that Tom wants answered.
These are songs that never die.
These are special characters.
These are special circumstances.
These are spring flowers.
These are steps of a revolutionary nature.
These are steps you can take.
These are students.
These are stupid rules.
These are symptoms that may recur after some time.
These are synonyms.
These are tears of joy.
These are technical documents and they are very difficult to translate.
These are the ABCs of communist anarchism.
These are the ABCs.
These are the Faces of Evil. You must conquer each.
These are the action adventures of Esperanto Man!
These are the bare facts.
These are the basics.
These are the best bags on the market.
These are the best basketball players of Algeria who are under 18.
These are the best ones.
These are the best vegan dogs.
These are the best years of your life.
These are the billing deadlines.
These are the blossoms of the spring season.
These are the bluest blueberries I have ever seen. They're almost unnaturally blue.
These are the bluest blueberries I have ever seen. They’re almost unnaturally blue.
These are the books I got from Tom.
These are the books I want to buy.
These are the books I want to read.
These are the books Tom gave me.
These are the books that I want to buy.
These are the books that I want to read.
These are the books that Tom gave me.
These are the children from her first marriage.
These are the children who live next door.
These are the clothes that Tom gave me.
These are the damages you caused.
These are the darkest leaves I've seen on ivy.
These are the decisions we've made.
These are the delicious grapes that Ziri picked in his son's backyard.
These are the desks that Tom and Mary use.
These are the documents in the extraordinary case of the Gloria Scott.
These are the earrings that Tom gave me.
These are the expectations.
These are the facts. Think hard about them!
These are the first steps.
These are the first tomatoes from my garden.
These are the fish I was telling you about.
These are the fish that I caught.
These are the five things I love about you.
These are the fundamentals of French.
These are the generations of the heaven and the earth, when they were created, in the day that the Lord God made the heaven and the Earth.
These are the girls!
These are the girls.
These are the gloves I used when I was your age.
These are the gloves Tom bought me.
These are the groomsmen.
These are the important items to which careful attention is to be paid.
These are the important measures.
These are the important things in life.
These are the instruments you need to shear a sheep.
These are the judgments which thou shalt set before them.
These are the keys to my basement.
These are the kind of things only a woman can know.
These are the kinds of problems you'll need to learn how to handle.
These are the last days of summer.
These are the last moments of daylight.
These are the last tears.
These are the last words he wrote.
These are the light bulbs we're going to change.
These are the light bulbs we're going to replace.
These are the locations where potash is being mined today.
These are the lowest prices I've ever seen.
These are the main problems that Algeria faces.
These are the medications that I take.
These are the medicines I use.
These are the medlars Ziri picked.
These are the miracles that we need!
These are the moments I consider our first approach. You know, that first interaction you have with someone else.
These are the most delicious dates I've ever tasted.
These are the most important things in life.
These are the most painful memories I have of my childhood.
These are the names of the children of Israel, that went into Egypt with Jacob: they went in every man with his household: Ruben, Simeon, Levi, Judah, Issachar, Zabulon, and Benjamin, Dan, and Nephthali, Gad and Asher.
These are the names of the people I'm looking for.
These are the names of the students who won't pass this class.
These are the names.
These are the new books and those are the old books.
These are the new ones.
These are the ones Tom told me about.
These are the only books I have.
These are the only living Wollemi pines found anywhere on the planet in their natural environment.
These are the only rules you need to remember.
These are the only two students who learn Chinese.
These are the originals.
These are the parameters that the method has.
These are the people who live next door.
These are the people who saw the explosion.
These are the perfect conditions to grow heaths.
These are the photos from last night.
These are the pictures I took on Monday.
These are the pictures Tom gave me.
These are the pictures from last night.
These are the pictures that Tom gave me.
These are the planets of our solar system.
These are the questions that they would ask you at the British embassy when you apply for a visa.
These are the questions.
These are the real questions.
These are the reasons I left.
These are the remains of a bear.
These are the remains of a fallen empire.
These are the remains of a giraffe.
These are the resources we need.
These are the results we've been waiting for.
These are the results.
These are the ruins of a castle.
These are the ruins of an ancient castle.
These are the rules of the swimming pool.
These are the rules.
These are the rules; act accordingly.
These are the same kind of car.
These are the same questions Tom might've asked.
These are the same questions that Tom might've asked.
These are the scissors Tom lent me.
These are the scissors that Tom lent me.
These are the shoes I bought last week.
These are the shoes that I bought last week.
These are the simple facts.
These are the simple rules.
These are the sneakers I used when I was your age.
These are the sneakers Yanni ordered.
These are the speakers that I bought last week.
These are the steps that lead straight to failure.
These are the sunglasses I used when I was your age.
These are the things I couldn't tell you.
These are the things I'd like to see happen in Algeria.
These are the things Tom bought yesterday.
These are the things that I like.
These are the three biggest lies on the Internet: 1. I have read and agree to the Terms of Use. 2. Status: Busy. 3. I am over 18 years old.
These are the tools that you need to do the job.
These are the tools you need to do the job.
These are the trees on the leaves of which silkworms live.
These are the trees on whose leaves silkworms live.
These are the trousers I want.
These are the types of people that need those instructions.
These are the vestiges of a fallen empire.
These are the weapons used by the ancients.
These are the woods Ziri grew up in.
These are the words of Kohelet, the son of David, king in Jerusalem.
These are the words that make me cry.
These are the words to learn.
These are the words to say, to say goodbye.
These are things that money can't buy.
These are things that take time to work through.
These are things we need to be working on now.
These are things we need to work on now.
These are things you need to know.
These are too hot.
These are too sharp.
These are too small for you.
These are too spicy.
These are tough moments, I know.
These are tough times.
These are traditional Tuareg lands.
These are traitors.
These are trivial matters.
These are truly the best products.
These are trying times.
These are turbulent times.
These are tweezers.
These are two different kinds of bicycles.
These are two nice pictures.
These are two pictures with a nice frame.
These are undeniable truths.
These are unfounded accusations.
These are unfounded fears.
These are unisex pyjamas.
These are universals.
These are unsubstantiated accusations.
These are unworthy people.
These are used.
These are useless objects.
These are very big apples.
These are very competitive prices.
These are very dangerous people.
These are very different.
These are very disconcerting questions to ponder.
These are very early stories.
These are very fragile.
These are very low-maintenance flowers and grow almost anywhere.
These are very old books.
These are very powerful drugs.
These are very similar but not exactly the same.
These are very similar.
These are very sophisticated devices.
These are vouchers for the restaurant.
These are warm socks.
These are what Tom bought yesterday.
These are what Tom was looking for.
These are what we need.
These are what you need to do the job.
These are wicked times.
These are windshield scratches are deep.
These are wonderful towels.
These are wonderful.
These are word games.
These are words of wisdom.
These are words that almost no one uses.
These are yellow flowers.
These are your Berber books.
These are your books.
These are your daughters.
These are your gloves, aren't they?
These are your grapes.
These are your instructions.
These are your keys, aren't they?
These are your orders.
These are your paintings?
These are your quarters.
These are your shoes, aren't they?
These are your son's very first steps.
These are your things.
These are yours, aren't they?
These are yours, right?
These are yours.
These are Ɛmar Mezdad's books.
These areas have bad cellphone reception.
These aren't Halloween costumes.
These aren't Tom's books.
These aren't Tom's gloves.
These aren't Tom's sunglasses.
These aren't Tom's.
These aren't cheap.
These aren't exactly the same.
These aren't fish but mammals.
These aren't fish.
These aren't for human consumption.
These aren't for sale.
These aren't for you.
These aren't hard to sell.
These aren't ideal conditions.
These aren't just any 3-D glasses.
These aren't kids who are easily impressed.
These aren't made any more.
These aren't mine.
These aren't my books.
These aren't my glasses.
These aren't my ideas.
These aren't my keys.
These aren't my notebooks.
These aren't my opinions.
These aren't my things.
These aren't my ties.
These aren't new.
These aren't ours.
These aren't real.
These aren't related.
These aren't ripe yet.
These aren't show dogs.
These aren't sold outside of Australia.
These aren't the same.
These aren't the shoes I bought last week.
These aren't the shoes that I bought last week.
These aren't things you learn overnight.
These aren't threats, they're promises.
These aren't very important.
These aren't what I asked for.
These aren't words.
These aren't your forks.
These aren't yours, are they?
These aren’t words.
These artefacts are the depictions of the deity that serves as the spiritual and political palladium of the nation.
These articles are "hors taxes".
These articles are all exempt from duty.
These articles are exempt from "Droits de douane".
These articles are liable to duty.
These articles are not for sale.
These articles cannot be exchanged.
These articles try to present the history of the Romansh language.
These artificial habitats could become new homes for birds, bugs or other creatures whose native home may be threatened.
These artists are going to be famous some day.
These assholes are looking for a fight.
These athletes are putting their health at risk by using steroids.
These automobiles, for the most part, are manufactured in Japan.
These baby swans are cute.
These bacteria have mutated into forms that are resistant to certain drugs.
These bags are heavy.
These bags are too heavy. There's no way I can carry them all the way to the bus stop.
These bags are very heavy, so carry one bag at a time.
These bamboo straws are reusable.
These bananas are from Ecuador.
These bananas are not ripe.
These bananas aren't ripe.
These bananas aren't very good.
These bananas don't taste very good.
These bananas went bad.
These bandits are despicable.
These bank employees seem so politely insolent lately. I wonder what's behind it.
These bank employees seem so politely insolent lately. I wonder what’s behind it.
These bank notes are genuine.
These banks are better than those.
These banks are too big to fail.
These barrels are filled with brandy.
These barrels contain brandy.
These barriers are closed overnight.
These bars are trying to satisfy an increasing number of people who want to go out and have a good time with friends, but do not want to drink alcohol.
These baskets are used for storage.
These bastards will never take me alive!
These bath towels are so fluffy.
These batteries are all dead.
These batteries are dead.
These batteries are still fully charged. They're as good as new.
These batteries can be dangerous because they are kept at high pressures and contain a flammable electrolyte.
These batteries can be recharged.
These batteries contain lead.
These batteries haven't been used at all. They're as good as new.
These batteries use electroinsertion reactions to transfer charge and convert chemical energy to electrical energy.
These beams will not carry the weight of the roof.
These bear cubs are still nursing.
These beasts are very friendly.
These beautiful flowers grow in Asia.
These belong to Tom.
These belong to me.
These belonged to my mother.
These belonged to our mother.
These benches are mine.
These billionaires became billionaires by exploiting people and nations with the assistance of politicians.
These bills are fake.
These bills will be worth a lot in a few years.
These birds are beautiful.
These birds are different colors.
These birds are more commonly seen near the equator.
These birds are rare and look strange.
These birds are so tame that they will eat from your hands.
These birds are very difficult to spot.
These birds can live to up to thirty years.
These birds don't migrate.
These birds don’t fly well but they are excellent runners.
These birds forage by probing in shallow water or on wet mud.
These birds have different colours.
These birds migrate to North Africa in the winter.
These birds migrate to North Africa in winter.
These birds move very quickly.
These birds seem to have been in there for quite some time. Some have even scratched obscene graffiti into their cages' bottoms.
These biscuits are not dear, but they taste great.
These biscuits are vegan.
These biscuits aren't expensive, but they taste excellent.
These blackberries are going to make a lot of jelly.
These blankets are very warm.
These bletted medlars are ready to eat.
These bletted medlars are so tasty.
These bletted medlars are super delicious.
These blinds are not made of real wood.
These blouses are long sleeved.
These blue lines correspond to airlines.
These blueberries were too expensive.
These boards haven't been planed right.
These boded you no good.
These bodies have actually played indispensable roles in attaining these goals.
These booklets are not published as a financial venture—they are likely to be a failure in this direction, for the cost of printing alone equals the selling price, on account of the small number issued, only 250 copies, and fifty copies are not for sale.
These books and clothes are all yours.
These books are Tom's.
These books are accessible to all members.
These books are accessible to all students.
These books are all I have left from my life with Taninna.
These books are all Tom's and mine.
These books are all Tom's.
These books are all mine.
These books are better than those ones.
These books are boring. Give me others.
These books are easier than those books.
These books are expensive.
These books are for sale in the shop.
These books are heavy.
These books are in no way meant for young readers.
These books are marvelous.
These books are mine and those books are his.
These books are mine.
These books are my best friends.
These books are my books.
These books are new and those books are old.
These books are new and those ones are old.
These books are new.
These books are not fit for young readers.
These books are old.
These books are ours.
These books are poor sellers.
These books are the best.
These books are used by him.
These books are very old.
These books are very precious to us.
These books are worth reading at least once.
These books are written in Indonesian.
These books are yours.
These books aren't Tom's.
These books aren't cheap.
These books aren't for children.
These books aren't intended for children.
These books aren't just for children.
These books aren’t for children.
These books aren’t just for children.
These books belong to Tom.
These books belong to me.
These books belong to my sister.
These books belonged to Tom.
These books can be borrowed from the library for one week.
These books can be had at that store.
These books come from Italy, from Naples, from the Girolamini library.
These books cost me thirty dollars.
These books don't sell well.
These books have defined and shaped our culture.
These books used to be mine.
These books were expensive.
These books were recommended to me by Tom.
These books will make your work easier.
These boots are expensive.
These boots are from Australia.
These boots are hard to walk in.
These boots are made for walking, and that's just what they'll do.
These boots are made of leather.
These boots are new.
These boots are stiff.
These boots are too big for you.
These boots belong to her.
These boots don't fit me.
These boots have been broken-in.
These boots have seen plenty of service.
These boots were made for walking.
These boots were made in Italy.
These both taste good to me.
These bottles are empty.
These bottles are reusable.
These bottles should be placed upright, not lying down.
These boxes are fragile.
These boxes are heavy.
These boxes are made of plastic.
These boxes are made out of plastic.
These boxes are the same size.
These boxes have plenty space inside.
These boxes were hand-painted.
These boxes were made with steel plates welded together.
These boys are brothers.
These boys are not good at speaking to girls.
These boys are rambunctious.
These boys are the age of my son.
These boys are wild.
These boys often play in the little streets.
These boys ought to be sent to a reform school.
These boys were born yesterday.
These braids are so tight that they're ripping out my skull.
These brain teasers are maddening. I can't figure out any of them!
These brain teasers are maddening. I can’t figure out any of them!
These brainless are interminable.
These brooms are way too expensive!
These bugs are annoying.
These buildings are literally on the verge of collapse.
These buildings need temporary repairs.
These buildings surround a central courtyard.
These bus ladies seem to like to do so.
These butterflies are rare in our country.
These buttons are small.
These cakes are good. Please try one.
These came for you.
These camels are all we need to survive the year ahead.
These cameras are made in Japan.
These cameras are manufactured in Japan.
These cameras are produced in Japan.
These can be classified roughly into three types.
These can be either glued together or sewn together.
These can be hidden easily.
These can easily be hidden.
These can only be found in Australia.
These cancellations without notice are a real pain.
These candies are too sweet.
These candles are a thousand years old.
These candles aren't white.
These candles were Esther's.
These candlesticks were Esther's.
These caramels are the best in the universe.
These cardboard boxes are a hundred per cent recyclable.
These cardboard boxes are fragile.
These cards are the four of spades and the six of hearts.
These cars are big.
These cars are built in Japan.
These cars are made in Japan.
These cars are manufactured in Algeria.
These cars are ours.
These cars are the same type.
These cars sell like crazy.
These cars were imported from Germany.
These caterpillars eat leaves.
These cats need new homes.
These caustic exchanges between Peter and Jack are most entertaining.
These cave paintings are beautiful.
These ceramics are highly breakable.
These chairs are Tom's and mine.
These chairs are by no means satisfactory.
These chairs are different.
These chairs are in the way.
These chairs are made from wood.
These chairs are not comfortable.
These chairs are taken.
These chairs are uncomfortable.
These chairs aren't beautiful, but they're comfortable.
These chairs need to be reupholstered.
These chairs were cheap, but they're comfortable.
These challenges could undercut efforts by many African countries to increase agricultural production.
These challenges have a direct impact on foreign direct investment in Algeria.
These changes took place gradually.
These charred bits are tasty.
These checks have discounts on them.
These chemicals may affect bees.
These children are Baya's baby's.
These children are born not of natural descent, nor of human decision or a husband's will, but born of God.
These children are born not of natural descent, nor of human decision or a husband’s will, but born of God.
These children are happy.
These children are mine.
These children are my grandchildren.
These children are neglected by their parents.
These children are obedient.
These children are so cute!
These children are very beautiful.
These children are working cooperatively to create their ideal town of the future with input from artificial intelligence.
These children come from Berber speaking homes.
These children don't have parents.
These children litter so much without conscience.
These children sure have a lot of energy.
These children threw the bread crumbs to the ducks, I saw them.
These chilled Chinese noodles are mushy and don't suit my taste.
These chimes have a mellow sound.
These chips are a bit too salty.
These chips are making me thirsty.
These chips are the best ones in the store.
These chord progressions are typical of the Baroque period.
These cities have similar traffic rules.
These claims are false.
These claims are not supported by anything in the scientific literature, and also seem fairly implausible on genetic grounds.
These claims lack a scientific foundation.
These clothes are 100% wool.
These clothes are all Tom's and mine.
These clothes are all Tom's.
These clothes are beautiful, but pricey.
These clothes are dirty and need to be washed.
These clothes are dirty and need washing.
These clothes are finally dry.
These clothes are flammable and not suited for children.
These clothes are folded neatly.
These clothes are made from pure wool.
These clothes are made locally.
These clothes are more expensive, but they are made in an eco-friendly and responsible way.
These clothes are not appropriate for a cold winter day.
These clothes are not suitable for a cold winter's day.
These clothes are still damp.
These clothes are too big for you.
These clothes are too delicate for the washing machine.
These clothes are too small for her.
These clothes are too small for him.
These clothes aren't Yanni's.
These clothes don't fit me anymore.
These clothes don't fit me.
These clothes draw too much attention.
These clothes make you look thinner.
These clothes of mine are out of style.
These clothes suit you fabulously.
These clothes suit you.
These clothes suit young people well.
These clouds look like a flock of white sheep.
These clubs have never been known for profligacy.
These coins are of little value.
These coins aren't very valuable.
These coins come from Algiers.
These colorful houses are beautiful.
These colorful houses are very pretty.
These colors are beautiful.
These colors are somber.
These colors aren't enough.
These colors clash with each other.
These colors clash.
These colors don't go together well.
These colors don't go well together.
These colors don't match well.
These colors go together well.
These colors go well together.
These colors harmonize very well.
These colours are beautiful.
These colours clash with each other.
These colours clash.
These colours don't go well together.
These colours don't go with each other.
These colours go well together.
These commentators argue that the Pink Panther from the animated cartoons shows the behavioral characteristics of someone on the autism spectrum.
These companies needed equipment and other supplies.
These compliments delighted Chloe, and tormented poor Daphnis.
These compliments encourage me to continue. However, there's still a long way to go.
These computers are different types.
These computers are mine.
These computers use batteries to operate.
These computers use punch cards.
These concepts are illustrated below.
These concerns need to be addressed.
These conditions amount to refusal.
These conditions are medieval.
These conditions can be changed and the interest of the working class upheld only by an organization formed in such a way that all its members in any one industry, or in all industries if necessary, cease work whenever a strike or lockout is on in any department thereof, thus making an injury to one an injury to all.
These conditions were not accepted.
These condos used to be a park.
These containers are airtight.
These containers are pretty inexpensive.
These convenient goods will meet our customers' demands.
These convenient goods will meet our customers’ demands.
These cookies are absolutely delicious.
These cookies are delicious.
These cookies are for Sami.
These cookies are for Tom.
These cookies are for Yanni.
These cookies are fresh from the oven.
These cookies are good. Please try one.
These cookies are soft and chewy.
These cookies are star-shaped.
These cookies aren't expensive, but they taste good.
These cookies aren’t expensive, but they taste good.
These cookies just came out of the oven.
These cookies sell very well.
These cookies were made with love and magic.
These cops are dirty.
These copybooks are the same thickness.
These core values are part of the mainstream of the globalized world.
These corporations want to dump lead and radioactive waste in our drinking water. This cannot be tolerated.
These cost approximately $30.00 per box.
These costs include potential health hazards, poor aesthetics, or reduction in home values.
These cotton socks are really comfy.
These cotton socks are very comfortable.
These cotton socks bear washing well.
These cough lozenges taste bitter but they will do you much good.
These could each stand alone.
These countertops are a pain to clean.
These countries settled the dispute among themselves.
These countries were often visited with famine.
These cows look bored.
These crackers are made from flaxseeds.
These crank shafts are precision balanced for smooth high revving engines.
These crayons are mine.
These creatures are trapped in ice.
These creatures evolved from simpler organisms like jellyfish.
These criminals must be punished to the fullest extent of the law.
These crisps are a bit too salty.
These crisps are moreish, aren't they?
These crisps are very moreish.
These crops are grown by Algerian farmers.
These crumbling ghettos, crisscrossed by narrow lanes, clogged with vendors and traffic are suffocating in the fumes from tanneries and rubber factories tucked in among the crowded dwellings.
These cups are all broken.
These curtains are hideous.
These curtains are really dirty. Let's give them a wash.
These curtains are ugly.
These customers are very rude.
These customs are different from our country's.
These customs differ from those in our country.
These customs differ from those our country.
These customs kept all devout Christians together and in sync for several decades.
These customs used to prevail all over Japan.
These cygnets are cute.
These damages are irreparable.
These dance shoes are my personal property.
These dastardly acts will not go unpunished.
These data cannot be programmed.
These data points are unrelated.
These data were compiled by Algerian authorities.
These data were obtained from the statistics of Bangladesh Bank.
These date palm tree will die some time.
These date palms have really vicious thorns on them.
These dates are delicious! What a feeling!
These dates are great and tasty.
These dates are harvested fresh.
These dates are in different stages of ripeness.
These dates are packed fresh.
These dates are very juicy.
These dates taste great.
These dates taste so good.
These days I have sold some olives.
These days I think it was some sort of miracle.
These days I'm very busy.
These days I’m very busy.
These days John drinks too much.
These days Mary is never sure to whom grammar questions should be addressed to ensure an authoritative answer.
These days anyone can get oneself books.
These days everyone watches television casually.
These days everything I do is bad for my health.
These days few people suffer from tuberculosis.
These days he disobeys his parents.
These days it is not a good idea to hitchhike. It can be dangerous.
These days it snows quite a lot.
These days it's hard to tell the difference between political parties.
These days it's important to know how to drive.
These days it’s hard to tell the difference between political parties.
These days many old people live by themselves.
These days many people use computers.
These days many young people work without much focus; my friend's son hadn't gone two years after graduating before he'd changed jobs five times.
These days many young people work without much focus; my friend’s son hadn’t gone two years after graduating before he’d changed jobs five times.
These days more and more people are traveling abroad.
These days more and more young people talk to their elders on even terms.
These days more young husbands help their wives with housework.
These days no one's got enough because everyone's got too much.
These days nobody believes in ghosts.
These days parents spend most of their time running their kids around from one activity to the next.
These days people visit here.
These days the number of women who don't want to change their family names even after they get married is increasing.
These days the number of women who don’t want to change their family names even after they get married is increasing.
These days there are ways to fix these problems.
These days there is a lot of talk about the Law of Attraction, but I don't think such a thing exists.
These days we look back wistfully towards our lost youth.
These days when I hear about these horrible incidents on the news I get the feeling that more and more young people are losing their ability to distinguish between real and virtual worlds.
These days you can't walk down the street without seeing people dropping litter.
These days you can’t walk down the street without seeing people dropping litter.
These days, "the lion's share" usually means "the biggest share"; but not so long ago, it meant "all of it."
These days, "under-age" is usually spelled "underage", without the hyphen.
These days, I am wearing my red touque with orange letters in Tagalog, "MGA AWSTRALYA ANG MGA ESTRELYA," alluding to space colonization and the cold and hot deserts of other worlds. These days, I talk with Greg, my religious Filipino friend, at Starbucks café. We talk about travelling, anthropology, international food, and religion. This morning, I played in the midst of dense fog in a neighbourhood grassy field. At Starbucks café, in the foggy morning, I was drinking my reddish Passion Tango iced tea, which contained hibiscus, lemongrass, cinnamon, passion fruit, pineapple, and so forth. Greg gifted me a chocolate croissant. At Starbucks café, in the grey-sky afternoon, I was drinking the seasonal Oat Nog Latte. (Incidentally, Nog is a dwarf-like Ferengi alien character in the Star Trek franchise.) Kristina, part-Inuit part-Norwegian, was my barista. She has a handsome face, and her mannerisms and style reflect some things about her Inuit ancestors. "Viktor, it's like you're part-Inuit," she told me. She knows that I am from the Philippines. At my table, I exercised with my hand grip strengthener, which I carried in my army jacket pocket. At the café, I greeted Don the alluring white man and Květa the solitary Czech lady, as I exited. It is the 4th of December of 2024.
These days, I've not been in the mood to watch movies.
These days, Russophobia is rife in the West.
These days, Tom does everything himself.
These days, a smart phone with a good data plan can obviate the need for a land line.
These days, a watch not only shows the time, but also the person's social status.
These days, at Starbucks café, I have been addicted to Oat Nog Latte, but this morning, I decided to have Iced Gingerbread Oat Chai. I sat in the back, near the restrooms. It is a grey-sky day. I walk practically everyday to get to the café. It was extremely windy, today, though. I stopped at Yummy Slice pizzeria for a Diet Coke and Subway sandwitcheria for a Turkey Ranch "Snackwich" just before the café. Heading home, I then visited Kin's Farm fruteria. Grandma Taiwan was there at the front: "Míng sà la!" she exclaimed. The lotus roots were out of stock. The wind was ferocious, as I walked back home. The neighbourhood Tim Hortons will be opening soon. Today is the 14th of December of 2024.
These days, being young involves great responsibility.
These days, docusoaps in the style of Real Housewives are all over the place.
These days, everything has got too expensive.
These days, handmade products are very expensive.
These days, he is so busy.
These days, he's somewhat gotten back on his feet.
These days, it rains frequently.
These days, it seems like you have to become indentured to be able to afford dentures.
These days, it seems that any dingbat who's starred in a couple of films feels qualified to run for President.
These days, it's a basic skill that you have to have.
These days, it's all downhill from here. Everything that usually goes wrong has gone wrong again.
These days, kids no longer play in the street.
These days, many vineyard owners use a machine for harvesting, but when it comes to champagne, the harvest must be done by hand.
These days, most New York news dealers are South Asian immigrants from India, Pakistan and Bangladesh. Enterprising émigrés from the region can also be seen running restaurants and other small businesses throughout the Big Apple.
These days, most clothing is imported from China.
These days, nearly every car has a GPS.
These days, no one is reliable anymore.
These days, people are inundated with images, from television and the Web.
These days, people only talk about me.
These days, people rarely wear patches on their elbows and knees.
These days, people's reasons for getting married are not always pure.
These days, phones can fold.
These days, summer seems like a distant memory.
These days, summer seems quite a long way off.
These days, summer seems quite far away.
These days, the motive for marriage is not necessarily pure.
These days, the motive for marriage is not necessarily pure. Take Jennifer for example.
These days, the motives for marriage are not necessarily pure.
These days, the taffy costs a dollar a strip—20 times as much as it did in Sam Cortese’s day—and the candy is now also made in a little factory in town that ships it to taffy-lovers around the world.
These days, the wildcat is a protected species in Algeria.
These days, when people emigrate, it is not so much in search of sunshine, or food, or even servants.
These decorative light switches are really beautiful.
These definitely seem better than those.
These delicious mushy figs belong to Yanni.
These desks are covered in dust.
These desks are too small for them.
These desks are too small for us.
These desks will be put up for sale this week.
These details are irrelevant.
These details captured my attention.
These details won't be published.
These devices are distinguished by particularly high-quality workmanship.
These diacritics are unnecessary and aesthetically displeasing.
These diagrams demonstrate different possible approaches to job seeking.
These diagrams explain the different stages of program compilation, from the source code to the binary file.
These diamonds are fake.
These diamonds are from South Africa.
These diamonds aren't real.
These diamonds come from South Africa.
These dictators are afraid of democracy.
These dictionaries are on the market.
These differences don't matter so much.
These differences don't matter.
These differences matter a lot.
These differences matter.
These difficult times have me feeling downbeat.
These dirty clothes could be a new piece of evidence to prove his innocence.
These dirty socks stink.
These disappearances are probably murders.
These diseases afflict the poorest and most marginalized communities in the country.
These dishes aren't clean.
These dishes chip so easily.
These dishes don't retain heat very well.
These dishes don’t retain heat very well.
These dishes need to be washed.
These dishes remind me of my mother's cooking.
These dishes remind me of my mother’s cooking.
These disputes being carried to Elizabeth, she set herself with heartless policy to foment them in every possible way.
These disputes between the two nations should be solved in accordance with international law.
These documents are fake.
These documents belong to Daesh fighters.
These documents were printed on recycled paper.
These dogs are big.
These dogs are killers.
These dogs are mine.
These dogs are ours.
These dolphins are trained.
These don't belong to Tom.
These don't belong to me.
These don't line up.
These don't look like hyena tracks.
These don't match.
These don't sell very well.
These donuts, the outside breaks apart easily and the insides are light and fluffy, delicious!
These double ads I come across on YouTube and SoundCloud are super annoying.
These double ads that Youtube and SoundCloud now have vex the heck out of me.
These dresses are comfortable to wear.
These dresses are too large.
These dresses were designed by the same designer.
These dried Indian mangoes are better than fresh American mangoes.
These drinks are a la carte.
These drinks are à la carte.
These drinks weren't necessarily consumed.
These drivers are not open source.
These drugs are popular with the youth.
These dry sticks catch fire easily.
These dung beetles are flightless insects.
These dyeing techniques also have a lower impact on the environment as they encourage recycling and reusing practices.
These earbuds only work on one side.
These early hominids hunted for food, cooked meat over fires and crafted a sophisticated array of flint tools.
These earphones are louder on one side.
These earphones are wireless.
These earphones don't work.
These earphones don’t work.
These eating patterns are a learned behavior.
These economic constraints are being artificially imposed.
These edges are quite jagged.
These eels are found nowhere else.
These eggs are fresh.
These eggs are from Tom.
These eggs are not all fresh.
These eggs are not good.
These eggs are rotten.
These eggs are soft-boiled.
These eggs came in these morning, fresh from the farm.
These elections will be a litmus test for the government.
These elevators are each capable of carrying ten persons.
These empty boxes take up too much space.
These endless business trips are telling on his marriage.
These entrenched habits are things we have to free ourselves from.
These errors are common.
These errors are frequent.
These events are listed in chronological order.
These events are part of life's journey.
These events happened in a large time frame.
These events must be analyzed in their historical context.
These events transpired while the senator was still in office.
These events unleashed a brutal repression in Egypt.
These exercises are also static, meaning you get into position and stay there still for several deep breaths.
These exercises will develop the strength of your fingers.
These expenses are tax-deductible.
These expensive gadgets are just a way to distract people from the more important things in life.
These eyeglasses don't belong to that boy.
These eyes saw Pyrrhus, rioting in blood, / saw on the threshold the Atridae twain.
These faces that used to be the front-page headlines have now gone to the back-page obituaries.
These factories are a blot on the landscape.
These factories are polluting the environment.
These factories violate multiple health regulations.
These factors encouraged the development of new musical trends.
These factors encouraged the development of new trends in music.
These facts admit of no contradiction.
These facts are certain.
These facts are mutually related.
These facts bear out my hypothesis.
These facts prove that he is innocent.
These facts support my hypothesis.
These facts will bear out his story.
These facts will show that his story is true.
These fake wood floors scratch very easily.
These families have children.
These fancy upgrades only serve to snailify the car.
These feathers are lovely.
These feelings are not simple.
These few examples are not enough.
These few months, this girl has almost never left her room.
These fields are full of poppies.
These fields produce a rich harvest.
These fields produce fine crops.
These fields produce good quality crops.
These fields yield an abundant harvest.
These figs are absolutely delicious.
These figs are appetizing to the eyes.
These figs are beautiful.
These figs are crunchy.
These figs are deep purple.
These figs are delicious.
These figs are dry.
These figs are for you.
These figs are fresh.
These figs are fully ripe.
These figs are gorgeous.
These figs are insanely delicious.
These figs are irresistible.
These figs are juicy.
These figs are moldy.
These figs are nice and sweet.
These figs are not going to last in the fridge.
These figs are not very sweet.
These figs are oozing deliciousness.
These figs are purplish brown.
These figs are ready to be picked.
These figs are really ripe.
These figs are really tasty.
These figs are ripe and have a lot of liquid inside of them.
These figs are ripe and sweet.
These figs are ripe and they are so easy to pick.
These figs are ripe and they are very easy to pick.
These figs are ripe and they come right off.
These figs are savory.
These figs are seeping with sweet juice.
These figs are smelly.
These figs are so big.
These figs are so good.
These figs are so soft and sugary.
These figs are so sweet.
These figs are still firm.
These figs are still green.
These figs are still hard.
These figs are still very hard.
These figs are sweet.
These figs are sweeter.
These figs are too hard and not ready to be picked.
These figs are too ripe and they're not going to last in the fridge.
These figs are too soft.
These figs are ugly.
These figs are unbelievably good.
These figs are very ripe.
These figs are very soft.
These figs are wonderful.
These figs are yellow.
These figs aren't commercially cultivated.
These figs don't have a lot of flavor.
These figs have a delicate taste.
These figs have been in the refrigerator for three or four nights.
These figs have really got a lot of juice in them.
These figs smell.
These figs taste amazing.
These figs taste sour.
These figures are beyond human understanding.
These figures are in Algerian dinars.
These figures are inaccurate.
These figures are not plucked out of thin air.
These figures are signs of a family or clan.
These figures don't add up.
These figures don’t add up.
These figures indicate three in five college first-year students are indifferent to politics.
These figures provided by the Algerian government need to be taken with a grain of salt.
These figurines are for decoration.
These files are all encrypted.
These files are color-coded for easier organization.
These fingernails are completely fine.
These fires are just unpredictable and extremely dangerous. They've killed, they're killers. It's going to go through you, around you, over you.
These fireworks are spectacular!
These fish are accustomed to high pressure and to the presence of light.
These fish are fresh catches.
These fish are the best.
These fish are the same color.
These fish smell bad.
These fish swim to the shallows to spawn and feed.
These fish were caught today.
These five books belong to my classmate.
These five principles were loyalty, filial duty, trustworthiness, valor, and justice.
These flats are designed specifically for young families.
These flowers are a source of nectar for butterflies and honey bees.
These flowers are beautiful, aren't they?
These flowers are beautiful, aren’t they?
These flowers are beautiful.
These flowers are dying.
These flowers are for Julia, not for you.
These flowers are for Mary, not for you.
These flowers are for Mary.
These flowers are for you.
These flowers are from me.
These flowers are from our garden.
These flowers are just about to bloom.
These flowers are lovely.
These flowers are natural.
These flowers are not only beautiful but also fragrant.
These flowers are pretty.
These flowers are probably from Salas.
These flowers are rare for that part of the country.
These flowers are red and beautiful.
These flowers are so beautiful, aren't they?
These flowers are the choice of her garden.
These flowers are very beautiful.
These flowers are wilting.
These flowers aren't for you.
These flowers aren't only beautiful but also fragrant.
These flowers aren't only beautiful, but they smell nice.
These flowers aren’t only beautiful, but they smell nice.
These flowers bloom earlier than others do.
These flowers bloom earlier than the others do.
These flowers bloom in spring.
These flowers bloom in the spring.
These flowers bloomed overnight.
These flowers can be seen around Hokkaido.
These flowers can't stay here.
These flowers come from Holland.
These flowers come from the Netherlands.
These flowers grow in warm countries.
These flowers have a really nice fragrance.
These flowers have a unique smell.
These flowers have died.
These flowers here are more beautiful than those over there.
These flowers here are prettier than the ones over there.
These flowers like the sun.
These flowers love the sun.
These flowers need water.
These flowers need water. The leaves already wilted.
These flowers ought to brighten up your house.
These flowers should be sheltered from the rain.
These flowers should brighten up your house.
These flowers smell good.
These flowers smell nice.
These flowers smell so lovely.
These flowers smell wonderful.
These flowers start blooming in spring.
These flowers were delivered to the wrong address.
These flowers were sent by Tom.
These flowers were sent to her by her stalker.
These flowers will live through the winter more often than not.
These flowers you see are roses.
These foods are associated with ethnic groups.
These fools broke the law that forbade breaking the law.
These footprints belong to Oleg.
These foreign words are corrupting our beautiful language.
These forests are haunted.
These formations can be seen for miles over the desert.
These four nations accounted for more than 230,000 new cases of difficult-to-treat tuberculosis in 2015 — nearly 40 percent of drug-resistant cases worldwide, according to the CDC investigators.
These four weeks are for us only.
These four youths share an apartment in the Tokyo area.
These four youths share an apartment in the metropolitan area.
These fragile items must be insured against all risks.
These fragments belong to a vase which has broken, unfortunately.
These fragments belong to a vase which has unfortunately smashed.
These french fries are a bit too salty.
These fresh figs are savory.
These friends are a bad influence on you.
These fries are a bit too salty.
These fries are good.
These fripperies have no value here.
These fruits look a lot like strawberry tree fruits.
These fruits look like medlars.
These fruits sell well.
These fruits, they are over ripening so let's eat them quickly.
These gadgets seem to be of no use.
These games are listed under the adult category.
These gargantuan beasts are also among the most intelligent.
These garments are made from wool.
These garments are made of 100 percent wool.
These garters are far too tight.
These gases can lead to global warming.
These gatherings always get rowdy after hours, when the boss breaks out the single-malt scotch.
These geese lay golden eggs.
These gems are of great monetary worth, and if offered for sale would fetch a tall price.
These gems are priced at over a million yen each.
These genetically modified bananas are loaded with vitamin A.
These gentlemen are from the consulate.
These gift cards have already been used.
These gifts are for you.
These giraffes are familiar with humans.
These giraffes come from a national park on the borders between Kenya and Tanzania.
These giraffes died during the drought.
These giraffes have faced plenty dry seasons.
These giraffes have walked more than forty kilometers to quench their thirst.
These giraffes live in the Okavango Delta.
These giraffes live in the heart of Africa.
These girls are in trouble.
These girls are more charming than the ones I met yesterday.
These girls are not speaking but singing.
These girls are the same age. Both of them are fifteen.
These girls are wearing skimpy clothes.
These girls are wild.
These girls don't really seem to be your style.
These girls have soulful voices and, man, they're hot.
These girls have soulful voices and, man, they’re hot.
These girls use white skirts.
These girls we can see are sisters.
These girls, who're my pupils, have come to see me.
These girls, who’re my pupils, have come to see me.
These glasses are Tom's.
These glasses are beautiful.
These glasses are cool.
These glasses are fine.
These glasses are glasses.
These glasses are mine.
These glasses aren't Tom's.
These glasses aren't mine.
These glasses aren't right for my eyes anymore; it's difficult to see. I'm going to have to get a new pair made.
These glasses belong to Jacques.
These glasses belong to Tom.
These glasses do not fit me well. They are too large.
These glasses don't belong to that boy.
These glasses don't have any water.
These glasses don't suit me. They're too big.
These glasses look good on me.
These gloves are Tom's.
These gloves are Tom’s.
These gloves are mine.
These gloves are too small for me.
These gloves are too small for you, aren't they?
These gloves aren't mine.
These gloves belong to Tom.
These gloves belong to her.
These gloves belong to him.
These gloves belong to me.
These gloves belong to them.
These gloves don't fit me.
These gloves kept her hands warm.
These gloves ought to fit you.
These gloves should fit you.
These gloves should keep my hands warm enough.
These gloves were your mother's.
These goats are extremely friendly.
These goats are playful.
These goats are very friendly.
These goats aren't permitted here.
These goats will ruin your kitchen garden.
These golf clubs are for sale.
These good times won't last long.
These goods are available to members only.
These goods are bound for China.
These goods are by no means satisfactory.
These goods are free of duty.
These goods are free of tax.
These goods are greater in quantity than in quality.
These goods are in great demand.
These goods may not be available locally.
These goods were imported from abroad in secret.
These government officials are corrupt.
These grades are unacceptable.
These grapes are as sweet as sugar.
These grapes are definitely sour, since they're not ripe yet.
These grapes are delicious.
These grapes are fairly astringent, so they make my mouth pucker.
These grapes are ripe.
These grapes are seedless.
These grapes are so sour that I can't eat them.
These grapes are so sour that I can’t eat them.
These grapes are sour.
These grapes are too sour to eat.
These grapes don't taste good.
These grapes don't taste good. Where did you buy them?
These grapes have seeds in them.
These grapes taste sour.
These grasslands actually do get mown once a year to keep invasive plants and woody vegetation from taking over.
These green leaves turn red in the fall.
These green leaves turn red or yellow in autumn.
These green leaves turn red or yellow in fall.
These green leaves will turn red in the fall.
These guys are all part of the 'Can't be without their phones' group.
These guys are all part of the 'nomophobic' group.
These guys are pure genius.
These guys are the ones who attacked Tom.
These guys are very immature.
These guys are well and truly sloshed.
These guys attacked Tom.
These guys have no opinion.
These guys knew how to have a good time.
These guys only want to use you.
These guys want to ruin the ceremony.
These hand-made articles differ in quality.
These handcrafted goods find their way to the city’s thriving markets, making it a magnet for shoppers from across the country.
These handlebars are bent.
These happy slaves are the most furious enemies of freedom.
These harmless proteins enhance the immune system, so it is primed to recognize and destroy a Zika infection, if one is encountered.
These harmonies are typical of the Baroque period.
These harmonies are typical of the Classical period.
These harmonies are typical of the Romantic period.
These hats are the same size.
These hats are yours.
These have been missing.
These have forms such as the cube, octahedron, etc., which belong to the isometric system, and it is in this system that the Diamond crystallizes.
These have to be shortened.
These hazards, and the fact that the city was trashing roughly 180 million plastic bags a year, are what prompted San Francisco Supervisor Ross Mirkarimi to write a bill banning plastic carrier bags from all major chain supermarkets and pharmacies.
These he used to distribute to his friends.
These headaches of mine are getting worse and worse.
These headaches of mine are getting worse and worse. I'll have to see a doctor about them.
These headaches of mine are getting worse.
These headphones are both stylish and comfortable.
These headphones are broken.
These headphones are too tight for me.
These headphones aren't working.
These headphones aren’t working.
These headphones don't work.
These headphones have one side louder than the other.
These headphones have outstanding sound quality.
These headphones no longer work.
These headphones were made in Algeria.
These heathers are adapted to acid conditions.
These heathers are adapted to alkaline soils.
These heathers are different heights.
These heathers are different.
These heathers are famous in the area.
These heathers are great in the landscape.
These heathers are looking really good.
These heathers are native to Europe.
These heathers are not suited for this place.
These heathers are really gorgeous.
These heathers are so gorgeous.
These heathers are wonderful.
These heathers bloom in the summer.
These heathers color up in the summer.
These heathers have a nice fragrant.
These heathers have been flowering since autumn.
These heathers live longer.
These heathers look so gorgeous.
These heathers really are gorgeous.
These heathers remind us that spring is here.
These heathers should be fine at the entrance of the garden.
These heathers smell like spring.
These heathers start blooming now.
These heaths bloom in the wintertime.
These heirloom tomatoes are very tasty.
These hiking clothes have made me an extremely dangerous source of static electricity.
These hills and meadows inspire me a lot.
These hills are filled with leopards.
These hills are ideal for a ride out.
These homemade crepes are very thin.
These homemade sculptures seem interesting to me.
These horses are Tom's.
These horses are hers.
These horses are his.
These horses are left to roam freely.
These horses are not for sale.
These horses are theirs.
These horses are without a master.
These horses are yours.
These hot spells don't last long.
These hot springs possess properties for healing wounds.
These houses are all alike.
These houses are all the same.
These houses are beautiful.
These houses are in harmony with the surrounding scenery.
These houses are my uncle's.
These houses are new, but those are old.
These houses are new, but those houses are old.
These houses are new, but those ones are old.
These houses are surrounded by mountains.
These houses have been improved by the addition of bathrooms.
These houses were built last century.
These houses were burnt down to the ground by the enemy.
These houses were dark and dirty.
These houses were designed and built by Tom.
These housewives are desperate.
These ice cubes will melt soon.
These ideals will one day ensconce themselves in each of our minds.
These ideas are all worth considering.
These ideas are embodied in the constitution.
These ideas are unclear to me.
These ideas come from you.
These ideas look great on paper, but never work out in the real world.
These identical twins were separated at birth and raised in different families.
These identical twins were separated at birth and reunited 35 years later.
These identical twins were separated at birth.
These idiots didn't think about that.
These idiots weren't thinking about that.
These illustrations are quite good.
These images are beautiful.
These images of dead soldiers are not shown back home.
These immigrants are among more than 320,000 from 10 nations who have time-limited permission to live and work in the U.S. under Temporary Protected Status because of war, hurricanes, earthquakes or other catastrophes in their home countries that could make it dangerous for them to return.
These implements are in common use.
These indigenous peoples vanished after contact with adventurers and fishermen.
These industrial parks were envisaged as havens for domestic and foreign investors.
These industrial robots tend to perform repetitive tasks, such as assembly and packaging, or sealing, welding and painting, at a very fast rate.
These infections were caused by contaminated milk.
These ingenious stories of the success of the imperturbable Sherlock Holmes, who had made his first appearance in A Study in Scarlet (1887), in detecting crime and disentangling mystery, found a host of imitators.
These inscriptions date back to the tenth century before Christ.
These insects are different species.
These insects are widely distributed throughout Japan.
These insects are widely distributed.
These instructions don't make sense to me.
These insurgents only want to ruin our country.
These invading mollusks could spread like a cancer.
These islands are linked below the water's surface by coral reefs.
These islands were the only British soil occupied by German troops in World War II.
These issues aren't going to go away.
These issues have no effect on us.
These issues must be confronted.
These issues need to be addressed.
These issues should fall within the ambit of the talks.
These items are 1000 yen for three.
These items are not for sale.
These items are rather hard to obtain.
These items must be returned to their rightful owner.
These ivies grow pretty much the same way.
These ivy vines are a little bitt too large for a machete to cut.
These ivy vines are much more difficult top cut.
These jackets aren't very warm.
These jeans are baggy.
These jeans are too big for me.
These jeans are too long, and need to be shortened.
These jeans are too small for me.
These jeans feel too tight. May I try on another size?
These jellies are nice.
These jerseys are too big for me.
These jewels are expensive.
These jewels are priced at over a million yen each.
These keyboards don't work.
These keys are Tom's.
These keys are not mine.
These kids are always restless.
These kids are being very noisy.
These kids are happy.
These kids are in danger.
These kids are mine.
These kids are self-motivated.
These kids are so angry and uncouth.
These kids are so bright and so talented.
These kids are twin brothers.
These kids never cease to amaze me. So much talent and such good music.
These kids never stop.
These kids speak better Berber.
These kind of roofs are very hard to build.
These kinds of accidents are very rare.
These kinds of additions can quickly drive up the costs.
These kinds of examples show you that what we are generally told about languages doesn't come anywhere close to the truth.
These kinds of jewelry are of little value.
These kinds of mistakes are common.
These kinds of mistakes are easy to overlook.
These kinds of mistakes are inevitable.
These kinds of mistakes are uncommon.
These kinds of mistakes aren't uncommon.
These kinds of mistakes don't happen often.
These kinds of mistakes happen a lot.
These kinds of mushrooms are poisonous.
These kinds of opportunities are rare.
These kinds of problems are relatively rare.
These kinds of problems are unavoidable.
These kinds of storms can occur without warning.
These kinds of things can also be found in Boston.
These kinds of things don't happen in Australia.
These kinds of things don't seem to me to happen very often.
These kinds of things happen all the time.
These kinds of things happen every day.
These kinds of things happen.
These kinds of things still exist today.
These kinds of things take time.
These kinds of things were expected to happen.
These kitchen countertops are 36 inches wide.
These kittens are just too precious.
These kittens are so cute and cuddly.
These kittens are so cute, I can't stand it!
These kittens were born three weeks ago.
These knives are very sharp.
These knock-knock jokes wear thin extremely fast.
These ladies are my aunts.
These ladies are wearing the hijab.
These lambs are weaned.
These lands are flooded at high tide.
These lands yield little.
These languages are currently under community development.
These large banks are too big to fail.
These last few years have been difficult for Tom.
These laws are supposed to protect us.
These laws are to protect us.
These laws need to change.
These learning materials are less of a help to pupils and more of a hindrance.
These legends should be handed down to our descendents.
These legends should be handed down to our offspring.
These lemon and almond tarts are delicious.
These lemon and almond tarts are scrumptious.
These lemon-almond cookies are excellent.
These lemons are fresh.
These lenses are scratch-proof.
These lenses are scratchproof.
These lenses aren't scratch-proof.
These lenses aren't scratchproof.
These lessons bore me beyond belief.
These letters are for you.
These letters are from Sami's parents.
These letters are so similar that I get them mixed up all the time.
These letters can be typed by any secretary.
These letters cannot be read.
These letters have been acknowledged to be genuine.
These letters look ugly.
These letters might readily have been consigned to the depths of the wastebasket unopened, unread.
These letters reveal her to be an honest lady.
These letters, in the main, are from my mother.
These liberals admired her courage and sincerity and helped her to organize her lecture tours and to finance her propagandistic and literary ventures.
These lies are unforgivable.
These light bulbs are expensive.
These light bulbs are good for the environment.
These light bulbs are made in Algeria.
These light bulbs are mercury-free.
These light bulbs are much more energy efficient.
These light bulbs are very bright.
These light bulbs can't all be bad.
These light bulbs contain mercury.
These light bulbs have a long lifetime.
These light bulbs have a very long lifetime.
These light bulbs need to be got out of circulation.
These light bulbs need to be recycled because they contain mercury and are harmful to the environment.
These light bulbs use mercury to create light.
These light switches are made in Algeria and are of an excellent quality.
These light switches are ridiculously cheap.
These light switches are very good.
These lights are beautiful!
These lilies have a very nice smell.
These lilies smell lovely.
These lilies smell really good.
These limits are designed to provide reasonable protection against harmful interference when the equipment is operated in a residential installation.
These lines meet at right angles.
These links can be configured by site administrators.
These little cubs are so cute.
These little things sticking out are ivy roots.
These little toys sell like hot cakes.
These lodes may prove rich enough to be profitably mined.
These logs are heavy.
These logs have been falsified. Someone has been rewriting history.
These long legal documents befuddle me.
These look good.
These look like spinach plants.
These look nice.
These loquats are dark orange.
These loquats are hard to peel.
These loquats are quite sour.
These loquats are really, really good.
These loquats are ripe and easy to peel.
These loquats do not look a lot like the ones we have in Algeria.
These loquats don't have a whole lot of flavor.
These loquats don't really taste well.
These loquats don't taste as good as the one we ate in Algiers.
These loquats don't taste like anything.
These loquats have an apply flavor to them.
These loquats look like baby mangoes.
These loquats taste amazing.
These loquats taste citrusy.
These loquats were sent to us by Ziri.
These loud slogans were met with an icy silence.
These low prices aren't expected to last long.
These lowlife trolls tweeted and spread the very same poster that they find objectionable.
These luxury apartments stay empty, only being bought and sold by speculators.
These luxury flats stay empty, being simply bought and sold on again by speculators.
These lyrics make me wanna barf.
These lyrics make me want to vomit.
These machines are all powered by electricity.
These machines are all worked by electricity.
These machines are distinguished by particularly high-quality workmanship.
These machines are very dangerous.
These machines aren't working now.
These machines aren’t working now.
These machines can kill your free time.
These machines collectively are known as NASA’s Discover supercomputer and they are tasked with running sophisticated climate models to predict Earth’s future climate.
These machines were expensive.
These machines will thrash out more than 100 bags of wheat or barley in a working day.
These machines work just fine.
These made-for-television movies always have the best villains.
These magic wands are edible.
These mammals are the same species.
These mangoes are sweet.
These maps are the key to who will hold how much power in Illinois for 10 years.
These marine mammals, once hunted for their blubber and baleen, now support a thriving whale-watching industry.
These markets are full of them.
These masks were made in a cleanroom.
These materials are all reusable and recyclable.
These mathematicians study the mathematics of origami.
These matrices form a vector space.
These matters are of importance to them.
These matters are of no importance to me.
These may be due to extrinsic constraints that are too restrictive or assembly designs that are physically impossible.
These may come in handy.
These measurements conform to the blueprints.
These measures can prevent the disease from spreading.
These measures hamper scientific progress.
These medicines should be taken three times a day.
These medjool dates are very tasty.
These medlars are a lot more squishy.
These medlars are a lot more sweet and tasty.
These medlars are already rotten.
These medlars are brown.
These medlars are fine.
These medlars are full of pips.
These medlars are not bad.
These medlars are not really attractive.
These medlars are quite big.
These medlars are ripe enough.
These medlars are still unripe.
These medlars are very chewy.
These medlars are very nice.
These medlars are very squishy.
These medlars came from Ziri's tree.
These medlars have a lot of seeds.
These medlars look more appetizing.
These medlars should be lovely.
These medlars taste like apples.
These medlars taste much different.
These medlars taste too astringent.
These meetings are carried on entirely in English.
These meetings are infinite and fruitless.
These melon smoothies are making me fat.
These memories make me sick.
These memories will last forever.
These men are Cambodian.
These men are beekeepers.
These men are dangerous.
These men are strong.
These men are the wisest people of the tribe.
These men are used to hard work.
These men are wearing tights.
These men had come to his country in three ships.
These men will run.
These messages have to be read between the lines.
These methods aren't new.
These methods get invoked first when a touch is initiated.
These methods were not new.
These microfiber towels are disposable.
These might be guarantees, extended trial periods, deferred payment plans or the bundling of add-on products.
These might be significant.
These minerals are not found anywhere else in the world.
These mines have remained here since World War II.
These minor operations are carried out under local anaesthetic.
These mistakes are annoying me. I actually had to recognize them.
These mistakes are common.
These mistakes are frequent.
These mistakes are hardly surprising.
These mittens are hand-knit.
These mittens are very warm.
These mittens keep my fingers warm.
These mittens keep my hands warm.
These mobile apps glorify smoking and encourage children to use tobacco products.
These model plants are also nutritious and edible.
These models, or "population viability analyses," assess the risk of extinction over time based on computational iterations that play out how a herd may expand and contract (with births and deaths) and genetically evolve given the interplay of the number, age and sex of animals in the herd; reproductive traits; influx of new genetics vs. inbreeding; management actions (culling/hunting); and potential effects of random events such as disease, drought and fire.
These monarchs are a bunch of bloodthirsty psychopaths.
These monks live inside the monastery.
These mosquitoes are annoying.
These mosquitos are eating me alive!
These motorcycles are the same type.
These mountains are not too far from Bejaia, Algeria.
These movements, called necking, are used by male giraffes for fighting and courting.
These muffins are delicious.
These muffins are fresh from the oven.
These muffins are freshly baked.
These muffins are nothing short of delectable!
These muffins just came out of the oven.
These multicolored socks are hand-knitted.
These multicoloured socks are hand-knitted.
These mushrooms are for eating.
These mushrooms are poisonous.
These mushrooms aren't edible.
These mushrooms aren't poisonous, but they're inedible.
These mushrooms have a revulsive effect. If you drink alcohol after having eaten them, you will feel very sick.
These must be Tom's.
These must be fake.
These must be worth at least three hundred dollars.
These must be yours.
These nabobs waltzed into the capital with an arrogance that was breathtaking. Their prefatorial deficit resulted in a polemical stance at absolute contraposition to the legislature’s puissance.
These nails are rusty.
These nano-sized objects are really six-sided atomic structures connected to form a tube.
These nanotubes have been converted into microscopic-sized filaments to create the world's smallest radio, one that picks up actual station transmissions.
These napkins are the same color, but they're not the same size.
These neckties are for sale.
These need to go to Accounting.
These new cars are on sale.
These new computers can crunch data faster than ever.
These new curtains don't go well with the rugs.
These new curtains don’t go well with the rugs.
These new immigrants had no skills.
These new mittens I am wearing were knitted for me by my grandmother. She gave them to me for Christmas.
These new shoes already need mending.
These new shoes already want mending.
These new shoes are giving me blisters.
These new shoes don't give me any grip when I climb.
These new techniques are not working with this equipment. Should we replace it with a new one?
These new underpants are too tight for me.
These noises happen all the time.
These noodles will take eight minutes to cook.
These notebooks are all mine.
These notebooks are mine.
These notebooks are yours.
These notebooks aren't mine.
These nouns are used in a variety of contexts and are essential for communicating effectively in English.
These novels are published in French, as well.
These novels have also been published in French.
These numbers are clearly wrong.
These numbers are not plucked from thin air.
These numbers are wrong.
These numbers aren't right.
These numbers differ.
These numbers do not match.
These numbers don't match.
These nuts are rancid.
These nuts taste rancid.
These nylon socks wash well.
These oaks are over a hundred years old.
These objects are sold in the city center.
These objects are very useful.
These observations are collected together in Addendum C.
These observations are not to suggest that the distinction between vocabulary and grammar might be abandoned, nor even that their treatment under separate heads is exclusively a matter of practical convenience.
These oil fields have only begun to be tapped.
These old buildings are what makes Algiers' charm.
These old coins are worth a lot.
These old customs have been handed down from generation to generation.
These old men heard his call and hastened to the spot. They were still vigorous, with hands hardened by the toils of husbandry, and they stoutly took the young man's part against the Methymnaeans, demanding an inquiry in accordance with the rules of justice.
These old people are my uncles.
These old people seem happy.
These olives are from Algeria.
These olives are not in the market.
These ones are even worse.
These onion rings are delicious.
These operations are technically impossible.
These oranges are delicious.
These oranges are good to eat.
These oranges are sour.
These oranges are ten for a dollar.
These oranges are very sour.
These oranges have gone bad.
These oranges have rotted.
These oranges have seeds.
These oranges mature fast.
These oranges taste delicious.
These oranges taste good.
These orcas hunt penguins.
These orders were not necessary; for in a quarter of an hour's time there grew up all round about the park such a vast number of trees, great and small, bushes and brambles, twining one within another, that neither man nor beast could pass through; so that nothing could be seen but the very top of the towers of the palace; and that, too, only from afar off.
These organizations aren't our friends.
These organs were grown in test tubes.
These organs were made in test tubes.
These outbursts from the sun, which eject energy in the form of magnetic fields and billions of tons of plasma gas known as "coronal mass ejections," are unpredictable and difficult to anticipate.
These overalls are comfortable.
These overalls are very comfortable.
These oysters are full of sand and mud.
These painters are tired today.
These paintings are beautiful.
These paintings are different sizes.
These paintings are priceless.
These paintings were handed down to me from my father.
These paintings will be left here for posterity.
These pairs are getting ripe.
These pajamas absorb sweat well.
These pajamas look like they'd be too tight on Tom now. Let's buy some new ones.
These palm trees have recently been transplanted here.
These pancakes are awful.
These pancakes are delicious.
These pancakes are really delicious.
These pancakes taste good.
These panties got two more days on 'em. Thanks, Southwest.
These pants are dirty.
These pants are loose.
These pants are too big for me.
These pants are too fancy for me.
These pants are too long.
These pants are too small for me.
These pants are too tight for me.
These pants do not suit me.
These pants don't fit me.
These pants don't fit.
These pants don't have a pocket.
These pants don't have any pockets.
These pants don't have pockets.
These pants don't suit me.
These pants fit me well.
These pants look good on you.
These pants tend to go baggy at the knees.
These paratroopers are specialized in reconnaissance.
These parrots are mine. Yours are those.
These particular persons will run.
These parts have to be replaced.
These parts must be replaced.
These parts need to be replaced.
These parts used to be made of metal; today they're made of cheap plastic.
These past few days have been crazy.
These patients have difficulty walking.
These patients have trouble walking.
These patients were not responsive to other therapies and had experienced several recurrences of their disease.
These patterns are identical.
These patterns show you how to make sentences.
These payments were approved by the boss.
These peaches aren't ripe yet.
These peaches aren't very sweet.
These peaches aren't yet ripe enough to eat.
These pearls are genuine, not artificial.
These pearls look real.
These pears are great.
These pears are the best.
These pears are very good.
These pencils are mine.
These pencils are new.
These pencils are the same color.
These pencils are the same colour.
These pencils are yours.
These pencils might look alike but they're not the same.
These pencils need sharpening.
These penguins are gay.
These pens are Tom's.
These pens are better than those.
These pens are have been left behind by the previous employees.
These pens are his.
These pens are mine.
These pens aren't Tom's.
These pens aren't mine.
These people all sound like victims.
These people are also Muslims.
These people are amateurs.
These people are anything but innocent.
These people are city dwellers.
These people are crazy.
These people are dangerous.
These people are desperate and devoid of hope.
These people are exploiting you.
These people are free? Yeah, right!
These people are from the backwoods.
These people are giving Kabylie a bad name.
These people are gonna to learn what to say when someone says thank you.
These people are homeless.
These people are idiots.
These people are insane.
These people are my friends.
These people are of Berber origin.
These people are our friends.
These people are our guests.
These people are out of their minds.
These people are prejudiced.
These people are professionals.
These people are ridiculous.
These people are roaming the pilgrim's way and spent the last night in the city.
These people are so peaceful. They love their neighbors as themselves, and their speech is pleasant and gentle, accompanied by a smile.
These people are so weird.
These people are the scum of the earth.
These people are too stupid to understand that they're too stupid.
These people are working on the goals in innovative ways.
These people can't be trusted.
These people cannot be reasoned with.
These people don't have a home, and have to live on the streets.
These people don't have clear-cut allegiances.
These people eat dogs.
These people hate all foreigners.
These people have lost everything.
These people have no home, and must live on the streets.
These people have no home, having to live on the streets.
These people have not only survived, but thrived.
These people haven't got a home, and have to live on the streets.
These people lie and cheat.
These people live in Algeria.
These people live in abject poverty.
These people live in the city.
These people live in unsanitary conditions.
These people of the remote future were strict vegetarians, and while I was with them, in spite of some carnal cravings, I had to be frugivorous also.
These people said the war was a civil war.
These people see us as a menace.
These people should be sterilised.
These people speak Berber and Arabic.
These people speak Esperanto effortlessly, don't they?
These people trust you and count on you.
These people view us as a threat.
These people were very lucky.
These people will make us backslide.
These people work so hard to make more money, even though they're filthy rich and so old they probably don't have much time left. Why do they do it?
These peppercorns are from Vietnam and are best I've ever tasted.
These personal organizers are different thicknesses.
These persons run this country.
These phenomena have been known about for a long time.
These phenomena occur but rarely.
These phones are Algerian.
These phones are assembled in Algeria.
These phones are made in Algeria.
These photographs remind me of our holiday.
These photos are beautiful.
These photos are very pretty!
These photos contain memories from last summer.
These photos have been shopped.
These photos have come out very well.
These photos were posted by a guy named Stefan.
These photos were taken three months ago.
These photos will ruin my reputation.
These phrases are very common and will help you a lot.
These phrases seem strange to me and unclear.
These pickles should be ready to eat in a week.
These pictures always remind me of the old days.
These pictures are amazing.
These pictures are beautiful.
These pictures are being shown by courtesy of CNN.
These pictures are really very beautiful.
These pictures bring back bad memories.
These pictures could have been taken at that time, I suppose.
These pictures could've been taken at that time, I suppose.
These pictures look better at a distance.
These pictures were painted by him.
These pictures were taken by Tom last month.
These pictures were taken by Tom.
These pictures were taken in Boston.
These pictures were taken in Kabylie, Algeria.
These pictures were taken three months ago.
These pieces of furniture are not for sale.
These pieces of jewelry come from Brazil.
These pieces weren't written by me.
These pigeons do not fear people. They can land on people's shoulders.
These pillars are made of stone.
These pillars support the stage.
These pillows need to be fluffed up.
These pills act on the heart.
These pills act on the liver.
These pills are hard to swallow.
These pills come in a blister pack.
These pills have no side effects.
These pills will cure you of your stomach-ache.
These pills will ease the pain.
These pills won't cure you, but they might alleviate the pain.
These pine nuts are delicious, said the squirrel.
These pine nuts are delicious.
These pipes screw together.
These pirates are armed to the teeth.
These planks of wood are still a long way from becoming a piece of furniture.
These plans are out of date.
These plans have been put on indefinite hold.
These plans have been shelved indefinitely.
These plants are all poisonous.
These plants are dying.
These plants are irrigated with well water.
These plants are low-maintenance.
These plants are resistant to weed killers.
These plants are too small. I don't think that they'll grow.
These plants are too small. I don’t think that they’ll grow.
These plants grow fast.
These plants grow only in the wild.
These plants need good soil.
These plants need water.
These plants were raised by Tom.
These plates are hand painted.
These plates aren't clean.
These platters are clean and those are dirty.
These playing cards are marked.
These plums are ready to eat.
These plums are ripe.
These plywood beams are of different thicknesses.
These poachers must be caught.
These pockets can't hold anything.
These poems might nearly all have been written by one man, were it possible for one man to vary from absolute platitude to something like genius, so homogeneous is their tone: everywhere do we meet the same simplicity of diction struggling with the same complication and subtlety of thought, the same abstract speculation strangely mingled with most individual and personal pathos.
These poffertjes are made of buckwheat flour with yeast.
These points can be brought under the same heading.
These polarized sunglasses are great for driving.
These poles, called totem poles, are thought to have been worshipped or constructed for frightening enemies.
These police officers are corrupt.
These policies had far-reaching consequences for the geopolitics of the region.
These policies will create millions of jobs.
These political ideas appeared in India.
These politicians are corrupt.
These politicians want to build a bridge to nowhere.
These poor people were at the mercy of the cruel dictator.
These porcelains are not valuable.
These postcards are nice. How much are they?
These potato chips are a bit too salty.
These potato chips are good enough to make you want more.
These potato crisps are a bit too salty.
These practices served Mark as well as they served Jessica.
These presents are really bulky.
These pretty colors are a plant in Asia.
These pretzels are making me thirsty.
These pretzels are stale.
These prices are ex works.
These prices are ex-works.
These prices are nonnegotiable.
These prices are outrageous!
These prices are outrageous.
These prices will be cut next month.
These principles have been used by many political parties.
These principles must be the cornerstones of our environment and energy policies.
These proactive measures will keep us all safe.
These problems are all solvable.
These problems are beyond me.
These problems are important to me.
These problems are important to them.
These problems are likely to worsen over time.
These problems are serious.
These problems are ultimately systemic.
These problems are unresolvable.
These problems are, in the end, systemic.
These problems can be solved.
These problems don't seem to worry the Algerian government.
These problems had a significant impact on me.
These problems have arisen as a result of indifference.
These problems have arisen as the result of your carelessness.
These problems have been partially resolved.
These problems make me wanna leave home.
These problems might take a toll on your relationship.
These problems must be dealt with carefully.
These problems need to be addressed by the Algerian government.
These problems shouldn't be swept under the rug.
These problems started a month ago.
These problems will be solved in the near future.
These problems will eventually be ironed out.
These problems will likely worsen over time.
These problems won't be solved overnight.
These products are all Algerian.
These products are being made by Algerian firms.
These products are cheap on the Algerian market.
These products are made in Algeria.
These products are manufactured in Algeria.
These products are mediocre quality.
These products are not expensive in Algeria.
These products are of the same quality.
These products are selling like hot cakes.
These products are superior to theirs.
These products come from Algeria.
These products were advertised on TV.
These products were designed in Boston.
These professions are needed and in-demand.
These programs had to be paid for by taxes from the people.
These programs include concerts of music and dance, lectures, chamber music, and dramatic presentations.
These projects are part of the regional development program.
These protests are engineered by the CIA.
These proverbs, which contained the wisdom of many ages and nations, I assembled and form'd into a connected discourse prefix'd to the Almanack of 1757, as the harangue of a wise old man to the people attending an auction.
These provisions are flown in from Algiers.
These pruners really cut things well.
These pseudoscientists won't be able to bullshit anyone.
These puppies are adorable.
These puppies haven't been named yet.
These puppies were born three months ago.
These questions are easy to answer.
These questions are of interest to everyone.
These questions are timely.
These questions are too difficult for me to answer.
These questions can be answered quite simply.
These questions interest everyone.
These questions need asking.
These questions were written by Tom.
These quotations were effective in sending complex messages to his friends, because, in his day, people could quote from such authors with every expectation of being understood.
These quotes are all from the Bible.
These quotes are my favorites.
These racists are ignorant.
These racists are rude to everyone.
These rap lyrics are degrading to women.
These rapprochements eventually led to a reconciliation between the two peoples.
These rats have a pointed nose.
These reactions are mainly fever and chills.
These really do look the same.
These rebels only want to destroy our country.
These receipts are fake.
These received no names.
These records are 2,000 yen each.
These records will make for a pleasant party.
These red apples belong to someone.
These red boxes and green cubes make me crazy!
These reforms should translate in a better quality of life.
These regulations are unsustainable.
These regulations ought to be observed by the students.
These remarks are related to her proposal.
These replacement joints can be made of combinations of metal alloys, plastic and ceramic, but new research shows that it might be possible to regenerate damaged joints using a patient's own stem cells.
These reports are apparently incorrect.
These reports don't tally with the facts.
These require careful handling.
These residents had little commitment to communal living or to each other.
These results are encouraging.
These results are very interesting.
These rhinos were born in captivity.
These rich girls are very superficial.
These rich kids are lazy.
These rights and freedoms may in no case be exercised contrary to the purposes and principles of the United Nations.
These rights are inalienable.
These riots are engineered by Washington's neocons.
These roadmaps won’t contain all the work we’ll be doing. There is also a lot of work that takes place in the background. Some of this is day-to-day incremental improvements, of which there are too many to list, or other projects with longer time horizons which may not arrive until 2026 or later.
These rockets are designed for reuse.
These rocks are ancient.
These rocks are angular.
These rolls just came out of the oven.
These rooms appeared to be much more modern than the central part of the house.
These rooms are used for general purposes.
These rooms have a balcony overlooking the parking lot.
These rooms have a balcony overlooking the sea.
These rooms have a balcony overlooking the street.
These roses are beautiful.
These roses are from Tom.
These roses are very beautiful.
These roses bloom in spring.
These roses bloom in the spring.
These roses have pearlescent petals.
These roses smell of butt.
These ruins are ancient.
These rules apply to everybody alike.
These rules apply to everyone without exception.
These rules are already in place.
These rules are complicated.
These rules are crazy.
These rules are not very clear.
These rules are reasonable.
These rules are stupid.
These rules aren't very clear.
These rules don't apply anymore.
These rules don't apply to us.
These rules have been and always will be observed.
These rules have no sense.
These rules no longer apply.
These rumors are getting out of control.
These rumors are probably true.
These rumours are clearly untrue.
These runoff elections will decide who will gain control of the Senate.
These rural villages are very beautiful to visit.
These salted bonito guts are too salty for me.
These same bacteria resisted a traditional antibiotic drug used to kill harmful bacteria.
These sandals are very nice.
These sandals go quite nicely with jeans.
These sandals go quite nicely with your hijab.
These sausages are delicious.
These sausages are from Northumbria.
These scandals will not enhance the company's reputation.
These scissors are blunt. They need sharpening.
These scissors are dull.
These scissors are new.
These scissors are not cutting.
These scissors are not suited to cut hair.
These scissors are really sharp.
These scissors are suitable for left and right-handed people.
These scissors cut well.
These scissors don't cut well.
These scissors don’t cut well.
These scissors won't cut anything.
These scratches are caused by the wipers.
These scratches on the windshield aren't deep.
These screws are very small.
These screws need tightening.
These sea boats are fast enough to stay in a depression for several days.
These seatbelts are adjustable.
These seatbelts are very uncomfortable.
These seats are reserved for old and sick people.
These seats are reserved for old people.
These seeds don't store well.
These seem interesting.
These seem to cross the line to me.
These sell extremely well during the summer.
These sell well to tourists.
These semitrailers are the lifeblood of the Algerian economy.
These senseless killings will not go unpunished.
These sentences are added by my cat. It isn't surprising at all: those are short and easy sentences.
These sentences are not directly linked.
These sentences are not proverbs.  These are figures of speech heard from our elders.
These sentences are strange.
These sentences in Polish have different meanings.
These sentences only differ with respect to tense.
These shadows looked to him like a giant dinosaur, with a long, long neck and a big, big mouth, without any teeth.
These shelves can't support so many books.
These shelves cannot support so many books.
These ships are returning from Algeria.
These shirts are all the same size.
These shirts are both the same size.
These shirts are identical.
These shirts are identical. They're the same color.
These shirts are selling like hotcakes.
These shirts are the same. They are the same colour.
These shirts are the same. They are the same size.
These shirts need to be washed.
These shirts will be shipped to Algeria.
These shoeprints belong to none of us.
These shoes are Tom's.
These shoes are Tom’s.
These shoes are a little loose.
These shoes are big enough for me.
These shoes are big enough for you, aren't they?
These shoes are clean and beautiful.
These shoes are designed for jogging.
These shoes are expensive, and what is more, they are too small.
These shoes are good for walking in deep snow.
These shoes are hers.
These shoes are just about worn out.
These shoes are just way too big.
These shoes are killing me.
These shoes are made in Italy.
These shoes are made of leather.
These shoes are mine.
These shoes are not suitable for running.
These shoes are not warm.
These shoes are obviously not large enough for Tom.
These shoes are old, but I still like them.
These shoes are old.
These shoes are one size too small.
These shoes are probably Tom's.
These shoes are really comfortable.
These shoes are so tight that I can't put them on.
These shoes are so tight that I can’t put them on.
These shoes are too big for me.
These shoes are too expensive.
These shoes are too large for me.
These shoes are too small for me to put on.
These shoes are too small for me to wear.
These shoes are too small for me.
These shoes are too small.
These shoes are too tight for me.
These shoes are too tight to get into.
These shoes are too tight to wear.
These shoes are too tight.
These shoes are too tight. They hurt.
These shoes are uncomfortable to walk in.
These shoes are uncomfortable.
These shoes are very comfortable.
These shoes are very expensive.
These shoes are way too small for me.
These shoes aren't big enough for me.
These shoes aren't warm.
These shoes belong to Tom.
These shoes belong to her.
These shoes belong to him.
These shoes belong to me.
These shoes belong to them.
These shoes cost me a paltry ten euros.
These shoes cost me the paltry sum of ten euros.
These shoes cost me two quid from a charity shop.
These shoes cost too much for me.
These shoes cost too much.
These shoes didn't cost as much as the last pair I bought.
These shoes don't fit anymore.
These shoes don't fit me anymore.
These shoes don't fit me very well.
These shoes don't fit me.
These shoes don't fit my feet.
These shoes don't fit.
These shoes don't match this suit.
These shoes don’t fit my feet.
These shoes feel a little tight.
These shoes fit my feet.
These shoes fit perfectly.
These shoes go well with this white skirt.
These shoes have lasted one year.
These shoes have lights in them.
These shoes hurt me a little.
These shoes hurt me.
These shoes hurt.
These shoes look good on you.
These shoes must be Tom's.
These shoes need polishing.
These shoes vary in size, but not in shape.
These shoes were cheaper than the last pair I bought.
These shoes were designed in France.
These shoes were expensive, but they've lasted a long time and are still very comfortable.
These shoes were less expensive than the last pair I bought.
These shoes were made in Algeria.
