How was 2013 for you, Tom?
How was Algeria affected by the collapse of the Soviet Union?
How was Australia?
How was Boston?
How was China?
How was Christmas?
How was Fadil doing at school?
How was Halloween?
How was Hawaii?
How was I dressed then? Do you remember?
How was I meant to live with Ziri?
How was I supposed to do that without any help?
How was I supposed to help Tom?
How was I supposed to imagine it?
How was I supposed to know about that?
How was I supposed to know that Tom was waiting for me?
How was I supposed to know that Tom would be late?
How was I supposed to know that Tom wouldn't know how to do that?
How was I supposed to know that that was going to happen?
How was I supposed to know that was going to happen?
How was I supposed to know that?
How was I supposed to know there was a problem?
How was I supposed to know we weren't allowed in that room?
How was I supposed to know who he was?
How was I supposed to know who that man was?
How was I supposed to know?
How was I the problem?
How was I to know Tom would change his mind?
How was I to know that I was supposed to do that?
How was I to know that I wasn't supposed to do that?
How was I to know that I'd need this?
How was I to know that I'd regret doing that?
How was I to know that Tom would do that?
How was I to know that Tom would refuse to do that?
How was I to know that that was going to happen?
How was I, one who wasn't there, to do you any harm?
How was LA?
How was Los Angeles?
How was Monday?
How was New York?
How was Robert supposed to act around Sandra?
How was Thanksgiving?
How was Tom able to afford that?
How was Tom able to buy a car like that?
How was Tom able to defeat Secret Service security measures?
How was Tom able to do that so quickly?
How was Tom able to do that without assistance?
How was Tom able to do that without help?
How was Tom able to do that without our help?
How was Tom able to do that?
How was Tom able to escape from prison?
How was Tom able to find the treasure?
How was Tom able to help?
How was Tom able to lose so much weight so quickly?
How was Tom captured?
How was Tom disguised?
How was Tom in the morning?
How was Tom injured?
How was Tom involved?
How was Tom killed?
How was Tom motivated?
How was Tom murdered?
How was Tom persuaded to join this group?
How was Tom persuaded to join?
How was Tom supposed to do that?
How was Tom this morning?
How was Tom threatening you?
How was Tom's dinner party?
How was Tom's party?
How was Tom?
How was Ziri there?
How was a trip?
How was abroad?
How was anybody to know it was a joke?
How was anyone to know it was a joke?
How was boot camp?
How was bowling?
How was breakfast this morning?
How was breakfast?
How was brunch?
How was camp?
How was camping?
How was cheerleading practice?
How was chemo?
How was choir practice?
How was church?
How was class?
How was detention?
How was detox?
How was dialysis?
How was dinner last night?
How was dinner?
How was everybody?
How was everything?
How was fishing?
How was furlough?
How was golf?
How was graduation?
How was he killed?
How was he?
How was hockey?
How was it a problem?
How was it at your birthday?
How was it different?
How was it done?
How was it in Boston?
How was it kept secret?
How was it made?
How was it possible for you to do that?
How was it that no one else saw it?
How was it today?
How was it, the test?
How was it?
How was jail?
How was last night's party?
How was last night?
How was last weekend, Nancy?
How was last weekend?
How was lunch?
How was orientation?
How was practice?
How was prison?
How was registration?
How was rock climbing?
How was sailing?
How was school today, Yanni?
How was school today?
How was school, Ziri?
How was she killed?
How was sightseeing?
How was skateboarding?
How was skating?
How was skiing?
How was softball?
How was solitary?
How was sports day?
How was supper?
How was surfing?
How was tennis?
How was that decision made?
How was that done?
How was that made?
How was that movie?
How was that novel you were reading last week?
How was that overlooked?
How was that possible?
How was that problem taken care of?
How was that restaurant?
How was that storm last night?
How was that?
How was the Christmas party?
How was the French class?
How was the attendance?
How was the audition?
How was the bachelor party?
How was the ballet?
How was the beach?
How was the biology test?
How was the carnival?
How was the concert?
How was the conference?
How was the course?
How was the dance last night?
How was the dance?
How was the dog acting?
How was the error observed?
How was the experience?
How was the fight, Tom?
How was the film you saw yesterday?
How was the first day?
How was the fishing?
How was the flight?
How was the food at the restaurant that you ate at last night?
How was the food?
How was the fraud uncovered?
How was the game, Tom?
How was the game, Ziri?
How was the game?
How was the honeymoon?
How was the hotel you stayed at?
How was the interview?
How was the man you met yesterday?
How was the match, Tom?
How was the match?
How was the math test?
How was the maths exam?
How was the maths test?
How was the meeting yesterday?
How was the meeting?
How was the movie yesterday?
How was the movie?
How was the museum?
How was the night?
How was the party last night?
How was the party yesterday?
How was the party?
How was the picnic last week?
How was the picnic last weekend?
How was the picnic yesterday?
How was the picnic?
How was the pie?
How was the play?
How was the prom?
How was the reception?
How was the rehearsal?
How was the rest of your week?
How was the restaurant you ate at yesterday?
How was the reunion?
How was the roast beef?
How was the salad?
How was the seminar?
How was the show?
How was the skiing?
How was the spice pudding?
How was the sportsball game, Tom?
How was the steak?
How was the temple you visited?
How was the test?
How was the theft discovered?
How was the traffic?
How was the train ride?
How was the trip to the market?
How was the trip?
How was the universe created?
How was the universe formed?
How was the view from the press box?
How was the water?
How was the weather when you were in Australia?
How was the weather when you were in Boston?
How was the weather yesterday in Beijing?
How was the weather yesterday?
How was the weather?
How was the wedding?
How was the wind yesterday?
How was the year 2013 for Tom?
How was therapy?
How was this book?
How was this cake made?
How was this rating system created?
How was this worked out?
How was today's game?
How was today's test?
How was today?
How was today’s game?
How was today’s test?
How was work today, honey?
How was work today?
How was work?
How was yesterday's movie?
How was yesterday?
How was yoga?
How was your Solstice?
How was your afternoon?
How was your anniversary?
How was your audition?
How was your biology exam?
How was your birthday?
How was your class?
How was your conference?
How was your course?
How was your date last night?
How was your date the other night?
How was your date with Mary last night?
How was your date with Tom last night?
How was your date with Tom?
How was your date with her?
How was your date with him?
How was your date?
How was your day at school?
How was your day at the beach?
How was your day at work?
How was your day today?
How was your day with Tom?
How was your day yesterday?
How was your day, daddy?
How was your day, guys?
How was your day?
How was your dinner last night?
How was your dinner?
How was your doctor's appointment?
How was your evening?
How was your exam?
How was your family reunion?
How was your first day at school?
How was your first day at work?
How was your first day back at school?
How was your first day back on the job?
How was your first day?
How was your first flight?
How was your first night in Boston?
How was your first night in Paris?
How was your flight, sir?
How was your flight?
How was your game?
How was your health prior to being diagnosed with cancer?
How was your high school reunion?
How was your holiday?
How was your hometown?
How was your honeymoon?
How was your interview yesterday?
How was your interview?
How was your job interview?
How was your lunch?
How was your meeting with Tom?
How was your meeting?
How was your military experience in Algeria?
How was your nap?
How was your night?
How was your relationship with your parents before and after you converted to Islam?
How was your reunion?
How was your ride, Princess?
How was your sabbatical?
How was your sandwich?
How was your season?
How was your stay in Australia?
How was your stay in Boston?
How was your stay in Germany?
How was your stay?
How was your summer holiday?
How was your summer in Boston?
How was your summer vacation?
How was your summer?
How was your surgery?
How was your test today?
How was your test?
How was your trip to Algiers?
How was your trip to Australia?
How was your trip to Boston?
How was your trip to Germany?
How was your trip to Italy?
How was your trip?
How was your tutoring session?
How was your vacation in Australia?
How was your vacation in Paris?
How was your vacation?
How was your visit to church?
How was your visit?
How was your walk?
How was your week?
How was your weekend?
How was your winter?
How we doing today?
How we escaped was nothing short of a miracle.
How we laughed!
How we relate to each other is what truly matters.
How we're going to deal with that remains a question.
How we're going to do that remains a question.
How wealthy is Algeria?
How weary, stale, flat, and unprofitable seem to me all the uses of this world.
How weird is that?
How weird that the house lights are on! I remember turning them off when I left the house.
How weird that was?
How weird!
How weird.
How well Aoi dances!
How well Mr Hirayama teaches!
How well Tony can play tennis!
How well am I doing?
How well am I handling this?
How well are the warehouses guarded?
How well can you actually swim?
How well can you dance?
How well can you know someone?
How well can you play guitar?
How well can you play ping-pong?
How well can you play table tennis?
How well can you play tennis?
How well can you play the guitar?
How well can you skate?
How well can you swim?
How well did I do in the test?
How well did I do on the test?
How well did I do?
How well did Tom know Mary?
How well did you know Mary?
How well did you know Tom?
How well did you know her?
How well did you know him?
How well did you know them?
How well did you really know Tom?
How well do Tom and Mary play basketball?
How well do Tom and Mary speak French?
How well do Tom and Mary swim?
How well do you actually know Tom?
How well do you know Australia?
How well do you know Boston?
How well do you know English?
How well do you know France?
How well do you know French?
How well do you know Slovak?
How well do you know Tom?
How well do you know her?
How well do you know him?
How well do you know them?
How well do you know this area?
How well do you know your kids?
How well do you know your neighbors?
How well do you know your son?
How well do you know yourself?
How well do you manage your time?
How well do you play golf?
How well do you play the violin?
How well do you really know Tom?
How well do you sing?
How well do you speak Arabic, Tom?
How well do you speak French?
How well do you swim?
How well do you think Tom did?
How well do you think you did on your finals?
How well do you think you really know me?
How well do you understand French?
How well does Tom know Mary?
How well does Tom play basketball?
How well does Tom play the guitar?
How well does Tom play the piano?
How well does Tom speak French?
How well does Tom swim?
How well does Tom understand French?
How well have I done?
How well he can skate.
How well he played!
How well is Tom doing?
How well off are Tom and Mary?
How well off is Tom?
How well positioned Algeria is to become an economic superpower?
How well she cooks!
How well she is singing!
How well she plays the piano!
How well that girl skis!
How well would that work out?
How well you work!
How were Tom and Mary able to buy a car like that?
How were Tom and Mary able to do that without our help?
How were Tom and Mary able to lose so much weight so quickly?
How were participants selected?
How were the bodies of those who died disposed of?
How were the bombs detonated?
How were the classes?
How were the kids today?
How were the pyramids built?
How were the teams chosen?
How were they formed?
How were they found?
How were they killed?
How were we supposed to know something had happened to you?
How were we supposed to know that something had happened to you?
How were we supposed to know what to do?
How were you able to achieve that?
How were you able to achieve what you did?
How were you able to afford to buy a car like this?
How were you able to convince Tom to make one of those for you?
How were you able to convince Tom to make that for you?
How were you able to convince Tom to make you one of those?
How were you able to convince Tom to make you that?
How were you able to do all that?
How were you able to do that so quickly?
How were you able to do that without Tom's help?
How were you able to do that?
How were you able to escape from prison?
How were you able to find Tom so fast?
How were you able to get one of those?
How were you able to help?
How were you able to keep that from happening?
How were you able to predict that?
How were you able to pull this off?
How were you able to sneak in here?
How were you able to solve this problem so quickly?
How were you able to stay so calm in such a scary situation?
How were you all able to do that so quickly?
How were you caught?
How were you ever able to do that?
How were you guys able to do that so quickly?
How were you persuaded to join the search party?
How were you the first one to arrive?
How were you treated?
How were you yesterday?
How were your first days at school?
How were your last exams?
How wicked of you to say that.
How wide are you making it?
How wide has the gap got to be between the wall tiles?
How wide is it?
How wide is the bullseye in your windshield?
How wide is the cabinet?
How wide is the closet?
How wide is the cupboard?
How wide is the river?
How wide is this river?
How wide is this road?
How wide is this street?
How wide must the gap be between the wall tiles?
How widespread is it?
How widespread is this problem?
How widespread was it?
How will Algeria achieve democracy?
How will Algeria alleviate the impact of inflation?
How will Algeria be in ten years from now?
How will Algeria be ten years from now?
How will Algeria cope with its challenges?
How will Algeria escape poverty?
How will Algeria evolve from middle to high-income status?
How will Algeria fund its infrastructure in the future?
How will Algeria fund this?
How will Algeria get out of this political crisis?
How will Algeria manage to change its course?
How will I be able to do that?
How will I do that?
How will I ever recover from this?
How will I feed my children?
How will I find it?
How will I find my way back?
How will I get paid?
How will I go on without you?
How will I know if I'm wrong?
How will I know when I find the right opportunity?
How will I know who to trust?
How will I live with this pain?
How will I manage without you?
How will I pay my debts now?
How will I pay my debts?
How will I pay the rent?
How will I recognise it?
How will I recognize it?
How will I recognize you?
How will I scour with a fork?
How will I write without a computer?
How will Tom and I protect ourselves?
How will Tom and Mary do that?
How will Tom be treated?
How will Tom come to Australia?
How will Tom come to Boston?
How will Tom cope now?
How will Tom do it?
How will Tom do that?
How will Tom feel about it?
How will Tom find us?
How will Tom get here?
How will Tom get in?
How will Tom get out of that mess?
How will Tom get to Australia?
How will Tom get to Boston?
How will Tom react?
How will Tom recognise me?
How will Tom recognize me?
How will Tom solve our problems?
How will Tom stop me?
How will Tom survive without Mary?
How will Ziri climb back out?
How will all this end?
How will climate change affect Algeria?
How will he cope with it?
How will he cope?
How will he forget the events that transpired.
How will he forget what happened.
How will he make good the loss?
How will he manage?
How will he pay his debts?
How will he repay his debts?
How will it all end?
How will it end?
How will it work?
How will our descendents fare after a potential nuclear war?
How will people a hundred years from now define wealth?
How will she cope with it?
How will she cope?
How will she manage it?
How will she manage?
How will she pay her debts?
How will that be accomplished?
How will that decision affect us?
How will that help her?
How will that help him?
How will that help me?
How will that help them?
How will that help us?
How will that help you?
How will that solve the problem?
How will that solve your problems?
How will that turn out?
How will the Algerian government deliver on its targets?
How will the Algerian government respond to this escalation by Morocco?
How will the ban be enforced?
How will the markets react?
How will the new manager be chosen?
How will the plan work out?
How will the project work?
How will the standards be enforced?
How will the war in Ukraine end?
How will the weather be tomorrow?
How will they amuse the children on a wet afternoon?
How will they be able to return money to me if they don't have enough income?
How will they cope with it?
How will they cope?
How will they forget the events that transpired.
How will they forget what happened.
How will they get through the cold winter in that tent?
How will they manage it?
How will they manage?
How will they react to this?
How will things change if we do that?
How will things go this winter?
How will this affect us?
How will this affect you?
How will this all end?
How will this contribute to Algeria's development?
How will this end?
How will this help me?
How will this help us?
How will this impact you?
How will this make a difference?
How will this story end?
How will those who lost their land be compensated?
How will we all know if that goal has been achieved?
How will we be getting paid?
How will we be remembered?
How will we communicate?
How will we cope without you?
How will we do it?
How will we feed all these people?
How will we feed everyone if the world's population keeps rising?
How will we fix it?
How will we get Tom back?
How will we get home?
How will we get there?
How will we get this done by Monday?
How will we get to the airport?
How will we go?
How will we know if we've done it right?
How will we know what has happened?
How will we know when we get there?
How will we live?
How will we make up for this?
How will we manage without you?
How will we overcome these problems?
How will we pay our debts now?
How will we pay our debts?
How will we pay the mortgage?
How will we protect ourselves?
How will we supervise this project?
How will you answer her?
How will you be celebrating?
How will you be getting to Boston?
How will you be paying for that?
How will you be paying for this?
How will you be paying?
How will you be spending Christmas?
How will you be spending your weekend?
How will you celebrate your homecoming?
How will you change this?
How will you convince Tom to help us?
How will you convince Tom to lend you the money you need?
How will you convince Tom to stay?
How will you cross the river?
How will you dispose of this problem?
How will you do that alone?
How will you do that?
How will you do this?
How will you earn your daily bread?
How will you escape?
How will you explain what the trouble is?
How will you feel when Tom and Mary are gone?
How will you feel when Tom is gone?
How will you fight?
How will you fix it?
How will you get Tom to help us?
How will you get away?
How will you get back?
How will you get better?
How will you get home today?
How will you get home?
How will you get them to help us?
How will you get there?
How will you get through the next month?
How will you get to Australia?
How will you get to Boston?
How will you get to school tomorrow?
How will you get to the airport?
How will you go home today?
How will you go to Australia?
How will you go to Boston?
How will you go to Osaka?
How will you help Tom?
How will you help?
How will you kill the rats?
How will you know you've arrived?
How will you manage alone?
How will you manage that alone?
How will you manage that?
How will you manage without a job?
How will you manage?
How will you organise that?
How will you pay for that?
How will you pay for this?
How will you pay your debts?
How will you pay?
How will you proceed?
How will you respond?
How will you solve the problem?
How will you solve this problem?
How will you sort the animals?
How will you spend the coming three-day holiday?
How will you spend your time?
How will you stop Tom?
How will you stop her?
How will you stop him?
How will you stop me?
How will you stop them?
How will you survive all alone?
How will you survive?
How will you travel to Boston?
How will you travel to Osaka?
How will you write it?
How windy it is today!
How wise!
How wonderful a time we have had!
How wonderful if I were to have money.
How wonderful is that?
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
How wonderful it was to have the poetic beauty of her sentences in Tatoeba!
How wonderful love is among youth.
How wonderful that bridge is!
How wonderful that we have met with a paradox. Now we have some hope of making progress.
How wonderful that you passed the examination.
How wonderful this is!
How wonderful this sight is.
How wonderful were the good old days.
How wonderful would the world be if everybody were me!
How wonderful!
How wonderful, my daughter got her high school degree.
How worried are you about food safety?
How worried are you about privacy?
How worried should we be about that?
How worried should we be?
How would Algeria be in a post-oil world?
How would I be seen as a Muslim?
How would I do it?
How would I do that?
How would I even do that?
How would I feel if someone killed me and no-one cared? I would be dead then, you damned idiot! I can't feel anything if I'm dead!
How would I have known that?
How would I have time to do that?
How would I know if you're married or not?
How would I know that?
How would I know where Tom is?
How would I know?
How would James respond to a little bit of Russian winter weather?
How would Matthew ever do that?
How would Tom do it?
How would Tom have done that?
How would Tom know about any of this?
How would Tom know that?
How would Tom know?
How would Tom look today if he were still alive? The following photomanipulation attempts to find an answer to this.
How would Yanni know Skura knew that girl?
How would Ziri do something so brutal?
How would Ziri have killed himself?
How would Ziri know that?
How would Ziri solve this problem?
How would a good friend describe you?
How would a space elevator be maintained?
How would define this word?
How would helping Tom help me?
How would it be possible to account for the genesis of structures if we are always already within a structure?
How would people react to his conversion to Islam?
How would that be a problem?
How would that be better?
How would that be possible?
How would that feel?
How would that help?
How would that inconvenience you?
How would that look?
How would that make you feel?
How would that solve anything?
How would the other children react?
How would the pain feel?
How would the world be without women?
How would they find out?
How would they know what to do?
How would they like to get their money?
How would they say sophist in catalan?
How would they write the situation in indonesian?
How would things have been different if Tom had been there?
How would we do that?
How would we get it done?
How would we go about doing that?
How would we know?
How would we say astronomy in icelandic?
How would wheat grow, if you've sown sorghum?
How would you all like to have a little fun tonight?
How would you analyze the situation?
How would you answer it yourself?
How would you answer this question yourself?
How would you answer this question?
How would you apportion the funds?
How would you approach solving this problem?
How would you approach this problem?
How would you boys like to have a little fun tonight?
How would you change it?
How would you change things?
How would you characterize fast food?
How would you characterize the economy right now?
How would you characterize your current relationship?
How would you compare Japan with Israel?
How would you compare the two?
How would you cook this?
How would you deal with an angry customer?
How would you deal with an angry or irate customer?
How would you deal with an irate customer?
How would you deal with that?
How would you deal with the problem?
How would you decorate your balcony to better take advantage of it?
How would you decorate your living room?
How would you define "happiness"?
How would you define a successful marriage?
How would you define faithfulness?
How would you define normal?
How would you describe China's economic system?
How would you describe Tom in a word?
How would you describe Tom's personality?
How would you describe Tom?
How would you describe a giraffe?
How would you describe colors to a blind person?
How would you describe her?
How would you describe him?
How would you describe it?
How would you describe me?
How would you describe the culture of your workplace?
How would you describe the ethos of Tatoeba?
How would you describe the ethos of Wikipedia?
How would you describe the expression on Tom's face?
How would you describe the kind of music you play?
How would you describe the kinds of stories that you write?
How would you describe the natural beauty of your country?
How would you describe the people in your country?
How would you describe the person you love the most?
How would you describe them?
How would you describe this book?
How would you describe what the man in the video is doing?
How would you describe your art?
How would you describe your ideal date?
How would you describe your ideal man?
How would you describe your management style?
How would you describe your relationship with Tom?
How would you describe your research?
How would you describe yourself in one word?
How would you describe yourself in three words?
How would you describe yourself?
How would you describe yourselves?
How would you do a reef knot that is difficult to untie?
How would you do it?
How would you do that?
How would you do the job?
How would you do this?
How would you ever know that?
How would you ever think you could have a family?
How would you explain enlightenment to them?
How would you explain my points to someone else?
How would you explain these words?
How would you express it?
How would you feel about making some overtime tonight?
How would you feel about treating a patient who has tested positive for HIV?
How would you feel if I said that to you?
How would you feel if Tom told you he loved you?
How would you feel if Tom told you that he loved you?
How would you feel if it were you?
How would you feel if my father said we couldn't go out together?
How would you feel if someone did that to you?
How would you feel if someone hacked into your email account?
How would you feel if someone said something like that about you?
How would you feel if someone said that about you behind your back?
How would you feel if that happened to you?
How would you feel if that happened to your sister?
How would you feel if you lost $30,000?
How would you feel if you saw someone romantically kissing your girlfriend?
How would you feel if you told Tom that you loved him, but he told you that he didn't love you?
How would you feel if you told Tom you loved him, but he told you he didn't love you?
How would you feel if your wife left you?
How would you feel in this situation if you were Tom?
How would you feel is somebody did that to you?
How would you feel is someone did that to you?
How would you feel?
How would you fire someone?
How would you fix it?
How would you fix that?
How would you go about doing that?
How would you go about solving this problem?
How would you handle her debt?
How would you handle this problem?
How would you handle this situation?
How would you handle this?
How would you have answered that question?
How would you have done it?
How would you have done that differently?
How would you have done that?
How would you have reacted in that situation?
How would you help Tom?
How would you help her?
How would you help him?
How would you help me?
How would you help them?
How would you help us?
How would you help?
How would you improve it?
How would you introduce yourself?
How would you know about that?
How would you know an American from an Englishman?
How would you know that, Tom?
How would you know that?
How would you know what I do best?
How would you know?
How would you like a free pizza?
How would you like bugs to be reported?
How would you like it if I called you stupid?
How would you like it if I did that to you?
How would you like it if I gossiped about your children?
How would you like it if I hit you?
How would you like it if I punched you the same way you punched Tom?
How would you like it if Tom did that to you?
How would you like it if everyone called you stupid?
How would you like it if people said things like that about you?
How would you like it if someone did that to you?
How would you like it?
How would you like potatoes?
How would you like some ice cream?
How would you like that?
How would you like them?
How would you like these items?
How would you like to be called Tom?
How would you like to be financially independent?
How would you like to be our wedding photographer?
How would you like to be remembered?
How would you like to come and spend a week with us next year?
How would you like to die?
How would you like to do that with me?
How would you like to do us a very big favor?
How would you like to get together this weekend?
How would you like to go fishing this afternoon?
How would you like to go home early today?
How would you like to go to Australia with us next summer?
How would you like to go to a dance?
How would you like to go with us?
How would you like to join the dance club?
How would you like to live in Australia?
How would you like to live in Boston?
How would you like to live in Tokyo?
How would you like to meet Tom?
How would you like to pay for it?
How would you like to pay?
How would you like to proceed?
How would you like to sleep in a nice soft bed tonight?
How would you like to work under those conditions?
How would you like us to proceed?
How would you like your coffee, black or with cream?
How would you like your coffee?
How would you like your eggs?
How would you like your hair cut?
How would you like your hair done?
How would you like your steak cooked?
How would you like your steak done?
How would you like your steak?
How would you like your students to remember you?
How would you pack a box full of hornets?
How would you prefer to die if you had the choice?
How would you pronounce it?
How would you propose we fix this problem?
How would you put it in French?
How would you put this sentence in French?
How would you raise sheep here?
How would you rate that?
How would you rate your own performance? What mark would you give to yourself?
How would you react if your husband said something like that to you?
How would you react if your wife said something like that to you?
How would you react if your wife told you that?
How would you react?
How would you recommend we do that?
How would you repair it?
How would you resolve such issues?
How would you respond to that?
How would you respond?
How would you reword this sentence to make it sound more natural?
How would you say "heart" in Basque?
How would you say "year" in Kurdish?
How would you say it in French?
How would you say it in a more masculine way?
How would you say it?
How would you say that in French?
How would you say that in German?
How would you say this in Spanish?
How would you solve this problem?
How would you spend a million dollars?
How would you stop us?
How would you suggest I cook this?
How would you suggest I handle the situation?
How would you suggest I tell Tom that?
How would you suggest doing that?
How would you suggest that I cook this?
How would you suggest that I tell Tom that?
How would you suggest that I tweak this?
How would you suggest that we do this?
How would you suggest that we fix this?
How would you suggest we do that?
How would you suggest we do this?
How would you suggest we fix this problem?
How would you suggest we handle the situation?
How would you suggest we overcome that?
How would you suggest we should do that?
How would you take care of this problem?
How would you take these words?
How would you translate it?
How would you translate that?
How would you translate this into French?
How would you translate this phrase into French?
How would you translate this sentence into French?
How would you translate this sentence, Tom?
How would you translate this sentence?
How would you translate this?
How would you write "It's fine"?
How would you write a sentence in serbian?
How would your best friend describe you?
How would your classmates react?
How would your closest friend describe you?
How would your friends describe you?
How would your life change if there were no internet?
How you behave toward cats here below determines your status in Heaven.
How you can abide him?
How you did it was wrong.
How you did that was wrong.
How you do that is up to you.
How you do this is up to you.
How you doing today?
How you get any work done is beyond me.
How you got three women to marry you, I'll never know.
How you have grown!
How you play is up to you.
How you punctuate your sentence can make a world of difference.
How you say it depends on the context. Give me an example situation.
How you see me doesn't match my self-image.
How you see yourself matters a lot more than what others think of you.
How you treat people matters.
How you want people to respect you?
How you've grown!
How young are Tom and Mary?
How young do you think Tom and Mary are?
How young do you think Tom is?
How young is Tom?
How young is too young?
How young is your youngest daughter?
How young she is!
How young were you when you first started doing that?
How young were you when you first started singing on stage?
How young you are!
How you’ve grown!
How! He loves me! I had never noticed.
How'd he take the news?
How'd it go with Tom last night?
How'd it work out?
How'd the operation go?
How'd they treat you in jail, Tom?
How'd you do it?
How'd you find it?
How'd you find me?
How'd you get here?
How'd you get him to look the other way?
How'd you get in here?
How'd you get into this?
How'd you get that black eye?
How'd you get that shiner?
How'd you get that?
How'd you know I was Danish?
How'd you learn that trick?
How'd you like to go to Australia with us next summer?
How'd you like to go to Australia with us?
How'd you like to go to Boston with us next weekend?
How'd you like to go to Boston with us?
How'd you meet Tom?
How'd you sleep?
How're they doing that?
How're we doing?
How're you all doing this morning?
How're you all doing today?
How're you doing at home?
How're you doing today?
How're you doing tonight?
How're you doing, Tom?
How're you doing?
How're you feeling?
How're you getting on?
How're you going to do that?
How're you going to stop me, Tom?
How're you guys spending your holidays?
How're you holding up, Tom?
How're you holding up?
How're you this morning?
How's Algiers?
How's Amanda?
How's Australia working out for you, Tom?
How's Germany treating you?
How's John?
How's Lanzarote?
How's Mary's classmate doing?
How's Mary's classmate?
How's Monday night?
How's Ramadan in Germany?
How's Sami going to deal with this situation?
How's Sara getting back to Baghdad?
How's Saturday night?
How's Tom been treating you?
How's Tom doing at his new job?
How's Tom doing at work?
How's Tom doing in Australia?
How's Tom doing in Boston?
How's Tom doing there?
How's Tom doing today?
How's Tom doing?
How's Tom feeling today?
How's Tom feeling?
How's Tom getting back to Australia?
How's Tom getting back to Boston?
How's Tom going to deal with that?
How's Tom going to deal with this situation?
How's Tom going to do it?
How's Tom going to do that?
How's Tom going to find Mary?
How's Tom handling it?
How's Tom holding up?
How's Tom liking Boston?
How's Tom meant to have learnt French?
How's Tom taking it?
How's Tom this morning?
How's Tom today?
How's Tom tonight?
How's Tom's French?
How's Tom's arm?
How's Tom's back?
How's Tom's cold?
How's Tom's elbow?
How's Tom's foot?
How's Tom's health?
How's Tom's knee?
How's Tom's leg?
How's Tom's mood today?
How's Tom's neck?
How's Tom?
How's Yanni's novel coming?
How's Yanni?
How's Ziri doing?
How's Ziri planning to manage that?
How's Ziri?
How's about cooking something up with me?
How's any of this possible, Tom?
How's business?
How's dinner coming along?
How's everybody at home?
How's everybody doing?
How's everybody?
How's everyone at the Hong Kong office?
How's everyone back home?
How's everyone doing here?
How's everyone doing in here?
How's everyone doing today?
How's everyone doing?
How's everyone else doing?
How's everyone else?
How's everyone?
How's everything at home?
How's everything at work?
How's everything back home?
How's everything else?
How's everything going at work?
How's everything going?
How's everything these days, Frank?
How's everything these days?
How's everything with you?
How's everything, people?
How's everything?
How's goods are good?
How's he doing health-wise?
How's he doing?
How's her name spelled?
How's it been so far?
How's it coming, Tom?
How's it coming?
How's it even possible?
How's it feel now?
How's it feeling outside?
How's it goin' there, chief?
How's it going at school?
How's it going at work, do you feel a little better there?
How's it going back there?
How's it going down there?
How's it going lately?
How's it going over there?
How's it going so far?
How's it going to happen?
How's it going with our neighbors?
How's it going with that girl... I forget her name all the time.
How's it going with you and Tom?
How's it going with your boyfriend?
How's it going with your family?
How's it going, Chuck?
How's it going, Tom?
How's it going, pumpkin?
How's it going?
How's it going? Are you busy?
How's it hangin'?
How's it look now?
How's it supposed to work?
How's job hunting going?
How's life been treating you?
How's life going for you?
How's life going in Germany?
How's life going now?
How's life going?
How's life here?
How's life in Australia?
How's life in Boston?
How's life in Gaza.
How's life in Germany?
How's life in Rio?
How's life treating you in Germany?
How's life?
How's married life going?
How's married life treating you?
How's married life?
How's my ad libbing?
How's my coochy coo bunny?
How's my coochy coo?
How's my dad doing?
How's my daughter doing?
How's my daughter?
How's my driving?
How's my order coming?
How's my son doing?
How's my wife doing?
How's our business going?
How's our mutual acquaintance doing?
How's school going?
How's school?
How's she doing health-wise?
How's she doing?
How's she?
How's studying Esperanto going?
How's that again?
How's that been working for you?
How's that business going?
How's that different from the way we've been doing it?
How's that even possible?
How's that expressed verbally?
How's that for a conversation starter?
How's that for a kick in the stomach?
How's that friend of your sister's? Mary, I think her name is.
How's that going for you?
How's that going to help?
How's that going to impact me now?
How's that going?
How's that possible?
How's that working for you, Tom?
How's that your fault?
How's that?
How's the Hungarian goulash?
How's the apple?
How's the application coming along?
How's the bird?
How's the blue plate?
How's the bread?
How's the breakfast at McDonald's?
How's the building?
How's the business going?
How's the cake?
How's the cold?
How's the conlang coming along?
How's the couscous?
How's the dog?
How's the exam?
How's the expectant mother doing?
How's the family?
How's the first day?
How's the fish? Is it good?
How's the food at that restaurant?
How's the food in that restaurant?
How's the game going?
How's the hematoma, Tom?
How's the job hunt going?
How's the job hunt?
How's the job?
How's the mum-to-be?
How's the neighborhood? Quiet? Noisy at night?
How's the new job going?
How's the new job?
How's the new kitten doing?
How's the news?
How's the nightlife in Boston?
How's the old lady?
How's the old man?
How's the party going?
How's the patient feeling this morning?
How's the plan working?
How's the player that got hurt?
How's the project going?
How's the project progressing?
How's the research paper coming along?
How's the restaurant?
How's the salad? Is it good?
How's the shot treating you?
How's the smell?
How's the soup?
How's the spice pudding?
How's the taste?
How's the teaching life?
How's the village redevelopment coming along?
How's the water here?
How's the water?
How's the weather going to be?
How's the weather here in the spring?
How's the weather here in the summer?
How's the weather here in the winter?
How's the weather in Boston?
How's the weather in Iran?
How's the weather in New York?
How's the weather in Thessaloniki?
How's the weather in your country?
How's the weather like in your country?
How's the weather out there?
How's the weather right now?
How's the weather there?
How's the weather today?
How's the weather where you are?
How's the weather?
How's the wife?
How's the wine, and how's the beer?
How's the work going?
How's the world treating you?
How's the writing coming along?
How's therapy going?
How's things at the office?
How's things?
How's this color?
How's this colour?
How's this for a unique way to raise some money?
How's this going to affect Tom?
How's this going to affect me?
How's this going to end?
How's this possible?
How's this translation?
How's this?
How's tricks?
How's work going?
How's work?
How's your Berber?
How's your Christmas shopping coming along?
How's your English?
How's your French coming?
How's your French?
How's your arm?
How's your better half?
How's your blog going?
How's your blood pressure?
How's your boy doing?
How's your brother?
How's your business doing?
How's your business going?
How's your career going?
How's your chest?
How's your cold?
How's your dad?
How's your daughter?
How's your day been so far?
How's your day been?
How's your day going?
How's your day so far?
How's your diet kick?
How's your family?
How's your father?
How's your foot?
How's your garden doing?
How's your girlfriend?
How's your golf game?
How's your headache?
How's your health?
How's your hubby doing?
How's your husband doing in Boston?
How's your husband doing?
How's your husband liking Boston?
How's your investigation going?
How's your job going?
How's your job?
How's your kid doing?
How's your knee?
How's your leg?
How's your little sister?
How's your love life?
How's your marriage today?
How's your married life?
How's your mom feeling?
How's your mom?
How's your morning been?
How's your mother, Tom?
How's your mother?
How's your mum?
How's your new apartment?
How's your new job going?
How's your new job working out?
How's your new job?
How's your old lady doing?
How's your old man doing?
How's your pain?
How's your patient?
How's your project coming along?
How's your project going?
How's your research going?
How's your schedule looking?
How's your sex life?
How's your shoulder?
How's your sister today?
How's your sister?
How's your son?
How's your store doing?
How's your summer going?
How's your summer vacation going?
How's your tooth?
How's your ulcer, Tom?
How's your walk?
How's your weekend been so far?
How's your weekend going so far?
How's your weekend going?
How's your wife doing?
How's your wife, Tom?
How's your wife?
How've ya' been lately?
How've you been feeling?
How've you been keeping?
How've you been lately, Frank?
How've you been, Tom?
How've you been?
How, exactly, did Tom get hurt?
How?
How? I do not understand.
Howard Rheingold glances up from his oversized computer screen. It's the most familiar object among many, mostly foreign, curios that fill his colorful home office. As a freelance writer, Mr. Rheingold has authored several books and countless magazine articles. Still, he feels special affection for his published compendium of strange — and strangely useful — non-English words.
Howbeit, otherwise also she is truly my sister, the daughter of my father, and not the daughter of my mother, and I took her to wife.
Howdy folks!
Howdy folks.
Howdy!
Howdy, Tom.
Howell Hall was a big, old house, almost two hundred years old. It was a kind of house called a Victorian. Old Victorians can be beautiful, with tall windows and detailed woodwork. But not Howell Hall. It looked dark and oppressive, not bright and cheerful like the other houses in the neighborhood.
However bad it is...
However badly you want it, it will never happen.
However busy you may be, you must do your homework.
However cold it may be, he still jogs 20 kilometers every day.
However fast you may try to run, you will never beat a motorbike.
However fast you may walk, you can't catch up with him.
However fast you may walk, you can’t catch up with him.
However fast you run, you won't be in time.
However fast you run, you won’t be in time.
However faultlessly these tasks were achieved, she never commended: it was a maxim with her that praise is inconsistent with a teacher's dignity, and that blame, in more or less unqualified measure, is indispensable to it.
However fine the words of the management, those working for them see what is to be seen.
However handy you may be, you won't be able to handle this; you'll see.
However hard I tried, I could not solve the problem.
However hard I try, I can never catch up with him.
However hard I try, I can't do it any better than she can.
However hard I try, I can’t do it any better than she can.
However hard he may try, he won't succeed.
However hard he may try, he won’t succeed.
However hard he worked, he did not become any better off.
However hard it may rain, we will start tomorrow.
However hard one may work, one cannot master a foreign language in a year or two.
However hard she tried, she was unable to please him.
However hard the training was, she never cried.
However hard you may study, you can't master English in a year or so.
However hard you may study, you can’t master English in a year or so.
However hard you may try, you will not be able to do it.
However hard you try, you can't finish it in a day.
However hard you try, you can't finish it in a week or so.
However hard you try, you can’t finish it in a day.
However hard you try, you can’t finish it in a week or so.
However he has to take it at fixed intervals, just one day without taking it is swiftly fatal.
However he wasn't seriously hurt and got away with light bruising.
However he wasn’t seriously hurt and got away with light bruising.
However high we can fly, we end up going down again.
However high you fly, you'll always fall down to earth.
However humble it is, there is no place like home.
However hungry you are, you must eat slowly.
However if you can speak Chinese, Korean, etc. you're able to share your way of thinking with many more people.
However if you can speak Chinese, Korean, etc. you’re able to share your way of thinking with many more people.
However if you get carried away you'll risk failure so take care!
However if you get carried away you’ll risk failure so take care!
However ill she is, she always works.
However innocent he might be, he could not be such an absolute imbecile as not to see that the circumstances were very black against him.
However late you may be, be sure to wake me.
However long the night lasts, the day will eventually break.
However long the night, daybreak will come.
However long you try to hide it, the lies will come out anyway.
However luggage didn't make it back to Toronto.
However men, seeking the contents of that safe, kidnap Hana. And those men were really detectives.
However much I like!
However much I searched, I could not find the book.
However much advice we give him, he still does exactly what he wants.
However much she eats, she never gains weight.
However much you have, you will want more.
However much you try to dress it up, office work can be quite tedious.
However not attacking your partner in sparring is not a kindness!
However often I phone I can't get through.
However often I phone I can’t get through.
However often I phone, I can't get through.
However small it may be, I want a house of my own.
However smart he was, Aristotle had some weird ideas about the female body.
However splendid the party may be, she is not versed in all areas of knowledge.
However that may be, I am wrong.
However that's also the greatest feeling.
However that's only for handsome men.
However that’s only for handsome men.
However the air's bad in Tokyo, and there are too many people so I can't settle down.
However the air’s bad in Tokyo, and there are too many people so I can’t settle down.
However the disciples awoke to that danger.
However the protagonist is aware of his own mistakes.
However there are still many points of contention, which could sidetrack a deal before a self-imposed January deadline.
However tired I may be, I must work.
However tired he is, he writes in his diary before going to bed.
However tired she was, she always managed to cook a meal.
However tired you may be, you must do it.
However tired you may be, you must finish that work today.
However vast the darkness, we must supply our own light.
However we go, we must get there by seven.
However we look at it, Algeria is a very special country.
However you could say that being found hard to understand by the common folk for one's genius is fate.
However you could say that being found hard to understand by the common folk for one’s genius is fate.
However you do it, the result will be the same.
However you look at it, it's a bad business.
However, 2007, this holiday moved to May 4th, while April 29th became the memorial day of Showa called "Showa no Hi".
However, Bangladesh Bank is not able to take any measures.
However, Bangladesh Photographic Association has four thousand members.
However, Bangladesh is still a country of six seasons.
However, Bangladesh's trade decreased in the previous year.
However, Beth seems to be indifferent to Chris's grief.
However, Beth seems to be indifferent to Chris’s grief.
However, Bill said "banana."
However, Cinderella, in spite of her mean apparel, was a hundred times more handsome than her sisters, though they were always richly dressed.
However, Gottlieb said he was concerned that e-cigarette makers are using “kid-appealing flavors” which he said the FDA would consider regulating.
However, Huxley himself hardly believes that his vile proposal will be accepted by the democratic countries.
However, I am not a specialist.
However, I am one of those who think differently.
However, I ask you not to make the same mistakes that I did.
However, I believe Putin more than I do Biden.
However, I can't help noticing, at this moment, that at first glance it seems inevitable that the shark will devour the man.
However, I can’t help noticing, at this moment, that at first glance it seems inevitable that the shark will devour the man.
However, I could be mistaken.
However, I didn't know I wasn't speaking. I simply assumed I could.
However, I do prefer cards that are written on and not in an envelope.
However, I don't know it.
However, I finally fell asleep.
However, I have no money.
However, I live in Tokyo now.
However, I recommend that you take the JR Narita Express (a train leaves every 30-60 minutes from the airport), to avoid the complexity of changing trains.
However, I think that before making the decision to arrange an international wedding, one should weigh the considerations for and against, and be prepared for the additional challenges that generally occur in the lives of the family members.
However, I was only guessing: great tragedies have always occurred.
However, I won't know whether he came or not.
However, I'm going to do my best.
However, I'm not as strong as I look.
However, I'm not good at speaking English.
However, I'm unable to start studying because of fatigue, because of laziness, because of indecision.
However, I've never been a guest in an English household that wasn't generous.
However, I’m not good at speaking English.
However, I’ve never been a guest in an English household that wasn’t generous.
However, Junior's father has a hard time getting Junior to warm up to Mary.
However, Lucy is about to leave her home.
However, Nyanzi’s release from prison Thursday was marked by commotion and firing of live ammunition by prison officials before she was taken back to prison.
However, Tom can't come.
However, Tom hasn't given up hope yet.
However, Tutu was able, in the end, to fulfil her godfather’s wish.
However, Vince, on Jen's house's veranda, was naked from the waist up. He might even have been starkers!
However, Vince, on Jen’s house’s veranda, was naked from the waist up. He might even have been starkers!
However, a new type of humor, which stems largely from America, has recently come into fashion.
However, a number of factors — some completely out of the Democrats’ control — have combined to boost the party’s public support, raise Biden’s abysmal poll numbers and create a sense of momentum for the party that was absent during much of the past year.
However, a recent decision to allow 3,000 Italian fans to travel to the French city of Lyon for a football match sparked controversy.
However, a study of how the two communities lived together between 1963 and 1967 could inform us about the quality of this peaceful coexistence.
However, a suitable level of stress is actually a necessary thing for your body's health.
However, a suitable level of stress is actually a necessary thing for your body’s health.
However, after her work was done she washed her face, crowned herself with a garland of pine-leaves, put the fawn-skin about her waist and filled a bowl with wine and milk as a beverage for herself and Daphnis.
However, all these data were not confirmed.
However, although English took many French words, their meanings have not always stayed the same.
However, although our companions were willing, they knew nothing about management or getting money.
However, animals communicate with each other but people don't understand that.
However, apart from Buddhists, hardly anyone can consistently follow this principle.
However, as living standards gradually came to rise, more and more people began to have their own bathrooms at home.
However, as of yet, no one has described the transformation of a cockroach into a human.
However, as soon as Daphnis and Chloe came in view of the animals and called to them in their usual manner and sounded their pipes, the sheep sprang up and began to browse, while the goats skipped about as if exulting in the return of their herdsman.
However, as soon as I saw the situation at the train station I began to regret this decision.
However, as space missions generate and collect more data, the need for enhanced communications capabilities increases.
However, at the beginning of the year, the new director hired him again.
However, children have a wider hearing range and can hear certain sounds that adults cannot.
However, compared to that in cities, rural use of online news, search engines, online shopping, online banking, online stocks and so on is much lower.
However, controls and paperwork should be focused on where they are really needed.
However, dams have subverted the ecosystem, bringing drought in monsoon season and high water when it should be dry.
However, despite his purely peaceful intent, he was frustrated in his desire to buy some surplus missiles.
However, don't get discouraged!
However, during times of drought, lake levels can drop significantly.
However, exceptions have occurred.
However, he did not cease from continuing his way; a young prince in search of glory is ever valiant.
However, he found time for a quick meeting.
However, he treated this document seriously.
However, he was hurt when she quickly disposed of the present.
However, he was too good for this world (as we say of all people who leave it); and I verily believe his heart was not a bad one, after all.
However, his girlfriend is selfish and hardly worries about Brian.
However, if he is brain-dead, he will never think, speak, or hear again.
However, if you're going to read people's blogs in order to write an interesting blog, you can do that right away.
However, if you’re going to read people’s blogs in order to write an interesting blog, you can do that right away.
However, in 2007, this holiday moved to May 4th, while April 29th became the memorial day of Showa, called "Showa no Hi".
However, in America, sports teams are generally chosen by skill, and academic courses by ability.
However, in China, they don't use a word for "human rights," but instead express it as "fundamental rights".
However, in China, they don’t use a word for "human rights," but instead express it as "fundamental rights".
However, in a small fraction of people who have been infected for a couple of years, their immune systems learn to recognize the viral mutations, cranking out “broadly neutralizing antibodies” that naturally block HIV in its many disguises.
However, in general, it seems that the Emperors had continued without seeking worldly power.
However, in several places, large disk-shaped traces remain from what may have been a UFO.
However, it captivated me and I would stare often at it, as though there was a deeper message buried within.
However, it is a direct translation of the Japanese version.
However, it is good if one can speak English well.
However, it is not that important.
However, it is too expensive.
However, it might happen that you don't have access to your primary token device.
However, it seems that just because it's a 'low risk day' doesn't mean that you won't get pregnant from intravaginal ejaculation.
However, it seems that just because it’s a ’low risk day’ doesn’t mean that you won’t get pregnant from intravaginal ejaculation.
However, it was able to solve one problem that could not be solved with a barrel bomb.
However, it was not just me â€“ there was one more person, no, one more creature visiting.
However, it was not just me – there was one more person, no, one more creature visiting.
However, it wasn't the end of my issues with Tom.
However, it's a pain putting the room in order.
However, it’s a pain putting the room in order.
However, it’s difficult to control our reactions to stressful situations, such as when your supervisor at work tells you to produce something on a deadline you feel unable to meet. The shortness of breath, the sweaty palms, the adrenaline surge, the sense of wariness and unease come unbidden.
However, like America, Japan is predominantly a middle-class, middle-income country, and so wives do not employ maids, but attend to everything themselves.
However, living together as mother and daughter after 13 years of absence is not an easy matter.
However, maybe from the sudden change in pressure when you push them in, having your ears pop is a problem.
However, maybe from the sudden change in pressure when you put them, having your ears pop is a problem.
However, medical officials in Africa and overseas have expressed concern that the African continent’s true COVID-19 situation has been underdiagnosed and underreported.
However, my father used to fool around with women a lot.
However, my shoulder hurts.
However, never let the roots sit in water. This will cause them to rot, and the plant will die.
However, no one was able to help me.
However, only the human community has verbal languages as a means of communication.
However, other aspects have already surpassed the standards of many Western countries.
However, please put this book away first.
However, recent industry figures show these bookshops are not only surviving, they are thriving.
However, scientists want to guarantee that the chemicals do not kill helpful insects, such as egg parasitoids.
However, since we are talking about more than 500 books that were returned, this is one of the most important recoveries in our investigations to reconstruct the compendium of the library.
However, some people in the audience were not pleased with the results.
However, that didn't happen.
However, that involved a mountain of previously unconsidered problems.
However, that was just my conjecture.
However, the Croatian team did not win as easily in their matches against Denmark and Russia. Both of those games ended with penalty shootouts.
However, the amount of wind available varies with the location and the season of the year.
However, the bike does not have it easy. For decades, the automobile has been the symbol of freedom, the icon of the American Way, progress and industrialization. After World War II, the auto assembly line drove America out of the post-war recession and helped establish the middle class.
However, the close-ups were excellent.
However, the coffee (mildly delicious) machine is always permitted for use. Yay, but ugh for caffeine!
However, the color was different from the sample color in your catalog.
However, the company does not provide technical support for the application.
However, the die had already been cast.
However, the duty of a student is to study. So if you neglect the end of term test, that's a "no!".
However, the duty of a student is to study. So if you neglect the end of term test, that’s a "no!".
However, the future is still unclear.
However, the general crime number has not decreased though the juvenile delinquency stands out.
However, the goddess of the fairies felt compassion for her.
However, the guarantee is not effective at all outside the fixed form.
However, the jury was unable to reach a verdict.
However, the medical examiner says her autopsy indicates her brain functions were not recoverable.
However, the moment was not very appropriate.
However, the new law will not apply to everyone.
However, the northern side is deprived of a sufficient level of light.
However, the one-of-a-kind aircraft spent eight years mothballed before being upgraded and returned to service, where it has been contracted out to various companies and governments.
However, the preposition+relative pronoun (which) part becomes a relative adverb (where).
However, the princess had barricaded herself in her room and wouldn't come out.
However, the princess had barricaded herself in her room and wouldn’t come out.
However, the quantity is not correct.
However, the quantity was not correct.
However, the reverse is true.
However, the singer does not deny her ancestry.
However, the surivors didn't know the truth.
However, the survivors are unaware of that fact.
However, the work is finished.
However, there are fewer people learning Chinese, so I think Chinese people are not too familiar with the foreign accents and mistakes.
However, there are instances in history where entire peoples were successfully exterminated.
However, there are kids that sleep next to their phone and one of the first things they do every morning is look at their messages and missed calls received throughout the night.
However, there are some conditions to this contract.
However, there is a problem.
However, there is a site where zinesters have uploaded PDF copies of their work.
However, there is a solution.
However, there may be some deficiencies due to extreme patient load and finite resources.
However, there was just one problem that couldn't be solved with a barrel bomb.
However, there's a problem.
However, these days everyone has a bathtub. Isn't it pretty simple to take a bath?
However, these fears proved unfounded.
However, these solvents were identified as carcinogenic.
However, they can help him breathe with a machine.
However, they have also identified a mutation of the gene that can in patients with, for example, diabetes, trigger the development of renal disease.
However, they soon parted ways.
However, they were not in a cradle but in a large shield. The snakes approached and started moving the shield, which made the boys wake up.
However, this dialect had been modified by other versions of the language spoken in other parts of Greece.
However, this has not always been true.
However, this idea was discarded.
However, this is incorrect.
However, this is not good.
However, this prohibition does not apply if you use an air rifle, air pistol, or .22-caliber rimfire firearm for the control of listed birds.
However, this situation has been changing in recent years.
However, this success caused many problems.
However, this was soon to change.
However, those times are long since past.
However, to better get an insight into what you're looking for I would like to ask a few questions.
However, to progress comfortably through the country, French is essential, and Arabo-Berber is a great help and inspires confidence among the people.
However, today I think differently.
However, two thousand kilometers are two thousand kilometers.
However, we also experience again and again employment relationships in which immigrants have to work under unacceptable conditions and are extremely exploited.
However, we can be people of the earth.
However, we must achieve deliverance from today's immorality not on the basis of the examples presented by "young souls" from the south, but in the Turkic-Tatar way, that is, with the help of the experience of mature souls.
However, we usually came back empty-handed.
However, were the sausages any help?
However, what most surprised Mary was seeing that there wasn’t a single piece of furniture in the room.
However, what's interesting is that whilst there are people whose computer use has become a problem, there are also people who have recovered from illness because of using computers.
However, what’s interesting is that whilst there are people whose computer use has become a problem, there are also people who have recovered from illness because of using computers.
However, when I finally reached the castle I was thrown into this prison by the commander of the imperial guard.
However, when droughts arise, lake levels can drop significantly.
However, when listening to an unknown foreign language, our ability to discern different words is lost, and we recognize speech as being a stream of sounds without many pauses.
However, whether they are gods depends on definition. In many religious traditions, a god isn’t just powerful but also a fundamental source of existence—either creating the universe (transcendent) or embodying it (immanent). Extraterrestrials, no matter how advanced, might still be contingent beings—products of the same cosmic processes as us—rather than the ultimate origin of reality. So, they could be deemed gods by some, but philosophically, they might not fit the full criteria.
However, yesterday we lost to the Korean team.
However, you can always count on me.
However, you can't smoke inside.
However, you have to queue...
However, you should not lose heart.
However, your wedding is your own, and you get to choose how it goes.
Howison in his "Sketches of Upper Canada" relates that on one moonlit Christmas Eve he saw an Indian creeping cautiously through the woods.
Howl all you want, I will not have pity!
Howl with the wolves.
Howler monkeys mainly eat leaves.
How’d he dodge the draft?
How’s Saturday night?
How’s business?
How’s everyone at the Hong Kong office?
How’s everything these days, Frank?
How’s it going with your family?
How’s it going, pumpkin?
How’s it going?
How’s it going? Are you busy?
How’s it hangin’?
How’s life?
How’s my dad doing?
How’s my order coming?
How’s my son doing?
How’s my wife doing?
How’s that going?
How’s the cold?
How’s the dog?
How’s the new apartment?
How’s the research paper coming along?
How’s the water here?
How’s the weather in New York?
How’s the weather there?
How’s the weather?
How’s the wine, and how’s the beer?
How’s the work going?
How’s the world treating you?
How’s the writing coming along?
How’s things at the office?
How’s work?
How’s your business going?
How’s your cold?
How’s your diet kick?
How’s your family doing?
How’s your family?
How’s your job?
How’s your little sister?
How’s your mother?
How’s your new job?
How’s your project coming along?
How’s your sister?
How’s your summer vacation going?
How’s your wife doing?
How’s your wife?
Hrmmm, to judge from their looks they might be from Shanghai.
Hu pioneered a method to detect surface minerals on bare-rock exoplanets and defined the atmospheric chemical signature of volcanic activity, which wouldn't occur on a gas planet.
Hua Luogeng is a mathematician.
Huan, he is called Linfeng, Linfeng and I are friends.
Huan, she is Xiaoyu, Xiaoyu and I are classmates.
Huawei is present in Algeria.
Hubble also helped astronomers analyze the atmospheres of extrasolar planets.
Hubble can detect objects as faint as 31st magnitude, which is about 10 billion times fainter than the human eye can see.
Hubble has fundamentally changed our understanding of the cosmos.
Hubble has given us stunning insights about the universe, from nearby planets to the farthest galaxies we have seen so far.
Hubble has two solar panels which are each 2.3 meters by 11.9 meters in size. These panels convert sunlight directly into electricity.
Hubble has yielded to date 1.4 million observations and provided data that astronomers around the world have used to write more than 17,000 peer-reviewed scientific publications.
Hubble images taken in October 2013 and March 2014 show two jets of dust coming from the comet's core, or nucleus.
Hubble is a space telescope.
Hubble is exploring the edges of the cosmos.
Hubble is in excellent health.
Hubble is revolutionizing modern astronomy, not only for scientists, but also by taking the public on a wondrous journey of exploration and discovery.
Hubble is taking pictures and transmitting them down to Earth 24 hours a day, 365 days a year, as it races around our planet at more than 27,000 kilometers per hour. This means that most of the instructions sent to the orbiting observatory must be automated and uploaded ahead of time.
Hubble made one of the first visible-light images of an extrasolar planet circling the nearby, bright star Fomalhaut, located 25 light-years from Earth.
Hubble made the first measurements of the makeup of the atmospheres of two Jupiter-sized extrasolar planets.
Hubble played a major role in discovering dark energy.
Hubble turned out to be the most scientifically revolutionary space telescope of all time.
Hubble was not the first telescope launched into space, nor is it the largest telescope at astronomers’ disposal.
Hubble's longevity can be attributed to five space shuttle servicing missions, from 1993 to 2009, in which astronauts upgraded the telescope with advanced instruments, new electronics and on-orbit repairs.
Hubble's never-ending, breathtaking celestial snapshots provide a visual shorthand for Hubble's top scientific achievements.
Hubble's spectacular images have captured the imagination for decades, and will continue to inspire humanity for years to come.
Hubble's top accomplishments include measuring the expansion and acceleration rate of the universe.
Hubble's top accomplishments include measuring the expansion and acceleration rate of the universe; finding that black holes are common among galaxies; characterizing the atmospheres of planets around other stars; monitoring weather changes on planets across our solar system; and looking back in time across 97% of the universe to chronicle the birth and evolution of stars and galaxies.
Hubble, like all telescopes, is a time machine that astronomers can use to see into the past.
Hubble’s suite of instruments also allows the observatory to record wavelengths of light not just in the visible range but in ultraviolet and near-infrared wavelengths (which are not visible to our eyes).
Hubble’s view is optically stable, meaning the quality of its observing conditions never changes from day to day or even orbit to orbit.
Hucksters are incorrigible.
Hud, peace be upon him, was one of God's prophets.
Huddled around a mere at the end of the valley were the brightly coloured timber-frame houses of an idyllic little town.
Huether said ICC has bought U.S.-made steel, but that imports bridge a gap in supply for high-grade tinplated steel needed for blemish-free lithographic printing his customers demand, adding that the mere threat of tariff-induced price hikes already cost the company a $2 million order.
Huffman is the first parent sentenced among 51 people charged in the scandal, in which wealthy parents paid bribes to ensure their children were accepted into prominent U.S. universities.
Hug Tom for me.
Hug Tom.
Hug her.
Hug him.
Hug me tight.
Hug me.
Hug me. I'm scared.
Hug your mom.
Huge areas of swirling gases can be found in Jupiter's atmosphere. The largest swirling area of gas is called the Great Red Spot. Scientists believe this is a large hurricane-like storm which has lasted for hundreds of years.
Huge cavalry armies could be spotted in the background.
Huge fields of ice high in the mountains near Tibet continue to disappear at a rate that worries scientists.
Huge mineral resources were discovered in Western Sahara.
Huge numbers of soldiers and civilians were killed.
Huge street parties are planned in the German capital this weekend to mark 25 years since the Berlin Wall's fall and the country's reunification. For older generations, memories of the wall, and its destruction, remain seared in the mind.
Huge thanks, everyone!
Huge, toothy and aggressive, Komodo dragons are surrounded by filth in their daily lives. As a result, Barney Bishop, a biochemist at George Mason University near Washington, said Komodo dragons have developed what he called a "robust" immune system.
Hugging trees is healthy.
Hugo is a fucking wanker.
Hugo ran from the house, crying to his grooms that they should saddle his mare and unkennel the pack, and giving the hounds a kerchief of the maid’s, he swung them to the line, and so off full cry in the moonlight over the moor.
Hugs and kisses.
Hugs for the children from all of us.
Hugs!
Huh, I wanted to send a reply but it wouldn't let me.
Huh, where did Tom go?
Huh, you've got the experience?! Don't get me started. I have underwear older than you.
Huh, you’ve got the experience?! Don’t get me started. I have underwear older than you.
Huh. Do you usually make a mistake there?
Huh. I guess they really don't have any self-awareness.
Huh. I wonder who that's for.
Huh?
Huh? A mouse sits on my mouse.
Huh? But that's not important.
Huh? Could it be that we are being slandered?
Huh? Don't be so whiny! And you call yourself a man!
Huh? Don’t be so whiny! And you call yourself a man!
Huh? How is that relevant here?
Huh? How is that relevant?
Huh? I looked all over the house and still couldn't find it.
Huh? My neck feels weird. It seems I slept funny.
Huh? Oh, I'm sorry.
Huh? Oh, I’m sorry.
Huh? Or maybe did how many of what do what how? What do you think?
Huh? That magic water turned the King into Gwonam!
Huh? The order is reversed, is that alright?
Huh? What did I come here for, again?
Huh? What did you do?
Huh? What is this? They're not going to use my proposal?
Huh? What is this? They’re not going to use my proposal?
Huh? Where'd I put the keys?
Huh? Why are you giving her money?
Huh? Why did I come here?
Hui Shi had many ingenious notions. His writings would fill five carriages; but his doctrines were erroneous and contradictory, and his words were wide of their mark.
Huizi asked Zhuangzi: "If you're not a fish, how do you know what fish enjoy?"
Hull is a fine city.
Hull was given immediate orders to invade Canada.
Hum baby to sleep.
Hum, I wanted to send a reply but it didn't send it.
Hum, that's a good decision, let's go.
Human activities such as pollution and overfishing can disrupt and destroy ecosystems.
Human activities threaten the local environment.
Human and animal life are influenced by their reactions to the atmospheric environment.
Human and animal sacrifice is manifestation of Satanism.
Human and elephant, mouse and porpoise, all have three small bones in their middle ear — the hammer, the anvil, and the stirrup.
Human beings alone take a very long time to bring up their little ones.
Human beings are about 60% water.
Human beings are at the top of the food chain.
Human beings are created to create things.
Human beings are criminal by nature.
Human beings are different from animals in that they can think and speak.
Human beings are emotional creatures, so to speak.
Human beings are gifted with infinite potential.
Human beings are members of a whole, In creation of one essence and soul. If one member is afflicted with pain, Other members uneasy will remain. If you have no sympathy for human pain, The name of human you cannot retain.
Human beings are not always wiser than animals.
Human beings are not made to understand life, but to live it.
Human beings are powerless before nature.
Human beings are social animals.
Human beings are social creatures.
Human beings are supposed to have two legs.
Human beings are the higher mammals.
Human beings are the only animals that laugh.
Human beings can be quite cruel.
Human beings can live up to 40 days without food, but no more than 7 without water.
Human beings can't live off only love and sweet water.
Human beings can't live without food.
Human beings communicate in many ways.
Human beings communicate with each other by means of language.
Human beings differ from animals in that they can think and speak.
Human beings differ from other animals in that they can speak and laugh.
Human beings differ from other animals in that they have reason.
Human beings evolved their intelligence.
Human beings have a natural propensity to fill silence.
Human beings have achieved a lot more than animals.
Human beings often lack insight into their own faults and failings.
Human beings seem to find it difficult to give up their old habits.
Human beings succeeded in flying into space.
Human beings usually have two basic desires: to get away from pain and to arrive at pleasure.
Human beings were created in God's image.
Human beings weren't meant to sit in cubicles all day, staring at computer screens.
Human beings, whether they realise it or not, continually seek happiness.
Human beings, whether they realize it or not, continually seek happiness.
Human beings—human children especially—seldom deny themselves the pleasure of exercising a power which they are conscious of possessing, even though that power consist only in a capacity to make others wretched.
Human blood has the same colour everywhere.
Human body fat is highly flammable.
Human cells have many different kinases, and they help control important functions, such as cell signaling, metabolism, division, and survival.
Human cloning poses serious ethical problems.
Human consciousness is evolving.
Human cruelty has no limits.
Human dignity is not measured by school results.
Human exploration to, and settlement of, other planets ensures that if a terrible event does happen on earth, humans will still exist on other planets.
Human garbage is one of the greatest threats to marine wildlife.
Human greed is threatening the existence of many species.
Human history is in essence a history of ideas.
Human history is written in blood.
Human ignorance is infinite.
Human ingenuity now gives us the capacity to feed the hungry and give all of our children -- including our girls -- the education that is the foundation for opportunity in our world. But we have to put our money where our mouths are.
Human interdependence is our only way to survive.
Human intervention in nature has no limits.
Human kidneys can only make urine that is less salty than salt water. Therefore, to get rid of all the excess salt taken in by drinking seawater, you have to urinate more water than you drank. Eventually, you die of dehydration even as you become thirstier.
Human knowledge is limited.
Human language is capable of expressing an infinite amount of ideas.
Human language is capable of forming an infinite number of sentences.
Human language is extremely complex.
Human life faces the same alternatives that confront all other forms of life—of adapting itself to the conditions under which it must live or becoming extinct.
Human life is connected to the land.
Human life is fleeting.
Human life is like a pendulum that oscillates incessantly between boredom and pain, with fleeting and above all illusory intervals of pleasure and joy.
Human life is not valued there.
Human life is sacred.
Human life is short.
Human life is too short when one considers the grand schemes of space exploration.
Human love is a metaphor for the perfect and eternal union of the masculine and feminine aspects of the Godhead.
Human malice has become useless.
Human memory is unreliable.
Human nails were part of the witch's brew.
Human nature can't possibly be so despicable as to be based on the loathsome attitude that is neutrality.
Human nature is a blank slate.
Human nature is an obstacle to world peace.
Human nature is excusable when it errs.
Human nature is good and wickedness is essentially unnatural.
Human nature is very much the same always and everywhere.
Human nature revolts against such a crime.
Human ovum is barely visible to the naked eye.
Human parents teach some words by giving babies what they ask for.
Human philosophy, theoretical physics, poetry, Italian Masters, romance.
Human physiology is a three-credit course.
Human populations are growing rapidly in many areas of the coastal Pacific and this expansion is exerting increasing pressure on limited resources.
Human pride is human weakness.
Human relationships are complex.
Human relationships are very complex.
Human religion is more open than the divine religion.
Human remains were found during the excavation.
Human rights activists have achieved the cancellation of the deportation of Syrian refugees from Russia.
Human rights advocates are now pushing the Biden administration to expedite the process to reunite refugees with relatives in the U.S.
Human rights are not respected at Guantanamo.
Human rights are universal.
Human rights are violated in our country.
Human rights groups are putting pressure on authoritarian governments.
Human rights groups have rejected the vote as a mockery.
Human rights is the soul of our foreign policy.
Human rights organisations complained loudly and repeatedly about the lack of civil liberties in the country under Tom's rule.
Human rights spokeswoman Ravina Shamdasani said the sum requested is only a pittance, considering human rights is one of the three pillars of the United Nations, along with peace and security.
Human rights violations, misogyny and exclusion are widespread and systematic.
Human rights? Send human rights to hell, where they belong. That's what the neocons think about human rights.
Human sacrifice was a very important thing for the Phoenicians.
Human society is a function of all humanity, those who profit most from it should pay the most for the benefit they gain, of course being greedy, they just want more.
Human stupidity doesn't know any limits.
Human stupidity is international.
Human stupidity is without limits.
Human stupidity knows no limits.
Human tissue is made up of cells.
Human trafficking happens in the US.
Human trafficking is a crime.
Human trafficking is a global crime that trades in people and exploit them for profit.
Human trafficking is a serious problem.
Human vices provide substantial government income.
Human's nature scares me.
Human-caused climate change has caused land ice to melt and ocean water to expand.
Humanitarian agencies must provide relief to genocidal war victims.
Humanitarian agencies say they are concerned about reports of upcoming military offensives in the country at a time when the risk of famine still persists.
Humanitarian aid and international assistance play a crucial role in Afghanistan's economy.
Humanitarian aid must be increased.
Humanitarian aid packages are coming from everywhere.
Humanitarian coordinator Hochschild said there was a "temptation to dehumanize one or another group" in a polarized country in conflict.
Humanitarian organizations fear the ongoing impasse and the hostile rhetoric could heighten local xenophobia.
Humanitarian personnel were evacuated as the fighting worsened.
Humanity as a whole has never been any closer to finding enough trace of life on another planet than right now to make it a future livable planet for all in a foreseeable future.
Humanity calls for the denunciation and sanctioning of crimes of war and crimes against humanity.
Humanity can change.
Humanity can't abandon progress.
Humanity cannot be made equal by declarations on paper. Unless the material conditions for equality exist, it is worse than mockery to pronounce men equal.
Humanity died this morning.
Humanity doesn't have that sort of technology.
Humanity doesn't mean belief in God and follow him!
Humanity exists in Algeria.
Humanity has an expiration date.
Humanity has become a tool of its tools.
Humanity has limitless potential.
Humanity has never had it so good.
Humanity has only grown from the development in science and technology.
Humanity has reached a dead end; it is catastrophically rolling into the abyss; there is nothing ahead but madness and darkness, a return to primitive barbarism — such is the perspective painted by bourgeois mortals.
Humanity has suffered more from war in this century than ever before.
Humanity has to be saved from itself.
Humanity has yet to form its chrysalis.
Humanity is a bunch of stupid apes.
Humanity is an immense family, which branches out into many groups where different languages ​​and dialects have emerged and continue to emerge.
Humanity is at a crossroads.
Humanity is evolving, but backwards.
Humanity is interconnected.
Humanity is not the centre of creation or this universe.
Humanity is not the centre of this universe.
Humanity is now affluent due to progression in science and technology.
Humanity is part of nature.
Humanity is rapidly destroying the Earth's environment.
Humanity must adapt to survive.
Humanity must confront its greatest challenges.
Humanity must face its challenges together.
Humanity must learn from its past.
Humanity must learn to coexist.
Humanity must learn to thrive together.
Humanity needs to prioritize sustainability.
Humanity needs to protect its planet.
Humanity projects all its best qualities onto God.
Humanity will destroy itself sooner or later.
Humanity will eventually destroy itself.
Humanity will expand to the stars.
Humanity will progress despite Elon Musk.
Humanity works to live instead of living to work.
Humanity's food, cloth, place of living, transport, entertainment are all created together by people around the globe. Also, people who partake in these activities only know a fraction of how the parts are created, without exception. Therefore, when we decide to help ourselves to help the entire world, as long as we focus with our entire being to create, the entire world will help us.
Humanity's future depends on unity.
Humanity's greatest asset is its compassion.
Humanity's progress depends on cooperation.
Humanity's strength is in its unity.
Humanity's strength lies in its diversity.
Humanity's survival depends on innovation.
Humanity, you might find hard to believe, is not the centre of creation or this universe.
Humankind can never travel to Mars.
Humankind is doomed.
Humankind is illogical.
Humankind is sentenced to be free.
Humankind will have everything human.
Humans accomplish amazing things, because they can exchange informations about their knowledge and intentions via the medium of language.
Humans and cats have very different sleeping patterns.
Humans and dinosaurs have never coexisted.
Humans and monkeys are primates.
Humans and monkeys share a common ancestor.
Humans and their ancestors originated in Africa.
Humans are a barbaric species.
Humans are a bunch of silly monkeys.
Humans are a highly social species.
Humans are a part of nature, aren't they?
Humans are adding carbon dioxide to the atmosphere at a rate far greater than it is removed by natural processes, creating a long-lived reservoir of the gas in the atmosphere and oceans that is driving the climate to a warmer and warmer state.
Humans are aggressive animals.
Humans are amphibians â€” half spirit and half animal.... As spirits they belong to the eternal world, but as animals they inhabit time.
Humans are amphibians — half spirit and half animal.... As spirits they belong to the eternal world, but as animals they inhabit time.
Humans are animals.
Humans are apes with clothes.
Humans are apes, and apes are monkeys.
Humans are asleep when they live. They wake up when they die.
Humans are barbarians.
Humans are basically all the same.
Humans are beings that cause suffering.
Humans are bigots.
Humans are bony fish.
Humans are born every second.
Humans are born ignorant but not stupid.
Humans are brutes.
Humans are capable of things that everyone thinks we aren't. Just look at Hebrew, which was the first dead language to be revived.
Humans are chordates.
Humans are conscious beings.
Humans are creative creatures by nature.
Humans are criminals.
Humans are cute animals.
Humans are cute.
Humans are dangerous animals.
Humans are designed to eat fruit, not grains, which is really just grass. Cows eat grass.
Humans are doomed.
Humans are emotional creatures.
Humans are evolving, just backwards.
Humans are fallible.
Humans are foolish.
Humans are full of hate.
Humans are fundamentally emotional.
Humans are fundamentally irrational.
Humans are funny.
Humans are generally evil, but you're okay.
Humans are gifted with intellect; yet, this doesn't appear to be the case with you.
Humans are good at proactive aggression.
Humans are greedy.
Humans are hateful.
Humans are healed, but machines are repaired.
Humans are highly aggressive animals.
Humans are highly territorial.
Humans are idiots.
Humans are illogical.
Humans are immoral.
Humans are in the process of evolving bipedalism, but haven't arrived there yet, as evidenced by our numerous back problems.
Humans are incapable of considering situations objectively.
Humans are interesting creatures.
Humans are involved in mutualisms with other species, too.
Humans are irrational creatures.
Humans are irrational.
Humans are just very strange sponges.
Humans are just very weird sponges.
Humans are launching a mission to explore Alpha Centauri.
Humans are lazy.
Humans are like rats: they reproduce and reproduce and destroy everything that they find.
Humans are likely not the most intelligent species in this universe.
Humans are lovable.
Humans are mammals.
Humans are modified fish.
Humans are monsters.
Humans are more and more angry and violent.
Humans are more likely than chimpanzees to seek out violence in furtherance of some goal, while chimpanzees are more likely to react to a perceived threat with violence.
Humans are much weaker than gorillas.
Humans are naturally lazy.
Humans are not at the top of the food chain. After all, lions eat people, but people don't eat lions.
Humans are not descended from apes, except for some people.
Humans are not obligate omnivores.
Humans are not rational creatures.
Humans are not suited for speaking multiple languages.
Humans are not the most evolved members of the animal kingdom; we are exactly as evolved as every other extant species.
Humans are odd. I'd much rather be a cartoon fox.
Humans are omnivores.
Humans are part of nature.
Humans are part of the animal kingdom.
Humans are peers of a united race, Thus in creation, share the same base. If one is affected with pain, Others share the faith of same. When you are indifferent to this pain, You shall not earn the Humans' name.
Humans are purposeful beings.
Humans are savages.
Humans are selfish.
Humans are sentient beings.
Humans are silly.
Humans are slowly killing the planet off.
Humans are social animals.
Humans are strange animals.
Humans are stronger than iron and weaker than flies.
Humans are stupid animals.
Humans are supposedly rational animals, but make most decisions based on gut feeling.
Humans are the apex species of the planet.
Humans are the laziest animals.
Humans are the most dangerous pests ever lived on this globe we call Earth.
Humans are the most widespread species of primate.
Humans are the only animal that trips twice on the same rock.
Humans are the only animals capable of laughter.
Humans are the only animals that can use fire.
Humans are the only animals that laugh.
Humans are the only animals that wear clothes.
Humans are the only living beings that think poorly of themselves.
Humans are the only living creatures that make use of fire.
Humans are the only species that pay to live on this planet.
Humans are the silliest animals.
Humans are the silliest monkeys.
Humans are the squishiest monkeys.
Humans are the vehicles that genes use to propagate themselves.
Humans are the worst apes.
Humans are too violent for world peace to ever become a reality.
Humans are uncivilized.
Humans are very capricious beings.
Humans are very intolerant.
Humans are very poor random number generators. If you ask someone to pick a number from 1 to 4, they'll usually pick 3.
Humans are very xenophobic.
Humans are violent by nature.
Humans are violent creatures.
Humans are weird monkeys.
Humans are weird.
Humans are xenophobic.
Humans aren't all bad.
Humans aren't meant to be alone.
Humans aren't the only animals that use tools.
Humans as biological beings belong to the animal world.
Humans began to colonize Mars again.
Humans being naturally social, our first instinct, I think, is to tell someone when our happiness is all-consuming.
Humans belong to the mammals.
Humans built cities.
Humans can be monsters.
Humans can't live on Mars.
Humans can't live without air.
Humans can't live without oxygen.
Humans can't perform miracles.
Humans can't see ultraviolet light.
Humans cannot live forever.
Humans cannot live without oxygen.
Humans cannot survive on Mars.
Humans cannot wake up at six in the morning!
Humans can’t live on Mars.
Humans celebrate their differences.
Humans come from apes.
Humans commit acts of cruelty, treachery, betrayal and violence that are unbecoming, considering how civilized they are.
Humans communicate in a variety of ways.
Humans communicate in many different ways.
Humans could become dangerous.
Humans descend from apes.
Humans don't have immunity to the coronavirus.
Humans don't run on batteries.
Humans evolved to help each other.
Humans evolved to live on Earth.
Humans fed on each other.
Humans generate more than 1 million tons of hazardous waste every day.
Humans have a very high propensity to do proactive aggression.
Humans have become slaves.
Humans have big brains.
Humans have built a community on that planet.
Humans have five senses: sight, hearing, touch, taste and smell.
Humans have hatred in their hearts.
Humans have historically been horrible.
Humans have large brains.
Humans have long been fascinated with the potential for life in the Universe—even before people knew what the Universe was.
Humans have long extended their visual capabilities with instruments—such as telescopes—to enable them to see across distances that their own eyes could never possibly see.
Humans have looked to the skies to find their way since ancient times.
Humans have never gone to Mercury.
Humans have no empathy.
Humans have only scratched the surface of what there is to learn about space.
Humans have thirty-two teeth.
Humans have two ears.
Humans have two legs.
Humans have very large brains.
Humans haven't changed much since the Stone Age.
Humans haven't had a chance against a chess computer in a long time.
Humans hunted wolves mercilessly.
Humans invent.
Humans invented science.
Humans know how to explain how the Earth was formed.
Humans live better now.
Humans live in every corner of the world.
Humans live on the earth.
Humans make me sick.
Humans may have co-evolved with cats and dogs, and they may identify with either.
Humans must become a multi-planet species.
Humans must become a spacefaring species.
Humans need the lie.
Humans only live about 70 years.
Humans originated in Africa.
Humans pollute first and pay later.
Humans shape the environment.
Humans spent ninety percent of their history as hunter-gatherers.
Humans spread many of the more than 340 invasive reptile and amphibian species — as stowaways in cargo or through the exotic pet trade, for instance.
Humans too are friends of the animals.
Humans value dignity and honesty.
Humans were hunted down by aliens.
Humans were never meant to live forever.
Humans were whipped into submission by the aliens.
Humans will become an interplanetary species.
Humans worshipped giant alien creatures.
Humans wouldn't have gotten where they are without opposable thumbs.
Humans, nature and the heavens are considered to exist in a state of constant transformation, known as Tao, in contrast with the typical static view of nature in Western thinking.
Humans, white in Europe, black in Africa, yellow in Asia and red in America, aren't anything more than the same person dyed in the weather's colors.
Humble and not imaginative, Justin only knew evil through hearsay.
Humble people deserve more respect.
Hume's Dialogues concerning Natural Religion was published posthumously.
Humid climates are harmful for those with osteoarthritis.
Humidity brings scorpions out.
Humidity doesn't seem to matter much to the COVID virus.
Humiliation is the beginning of sanctification.
Humility elevates a person.
Humility is a forgotten virtue.
Humility is a virtue.
Humility is one of the seven holy virtues.
Humility is truth.
Humility must always be the portion of any man who receives acclaim earned in blood of his followers and sacrifices of his friends.
Humility often achieves more than pride.
Humility often gains more than pride.
Hummer limousines are the ultimate symbol of conspicuous consumption.
Hummers are big gas guzzlers.
Hummingbird plumage is very beautiful.
Hummingbirds are the smallest birds in the world.
Hummingbirds are very small when they're not using their wings.
Hummingbirds drink the sweet nectar from certain flowers.
Hummus can be chunky, or a total puree, or anywhere in between.
Hummus comes from the Arabic word for chickpeas.
Hummus is a dip or spread made from chickpeas.
Hummus is made from mashed chickpeas.
Hummus?
Humor Tom.
Humor can be dissected, as a frog can, but the thing dies in the process and the innards are discouraging to any but the pure scientific mind.
Humor her.
Humor him.
Humor is absent in his way of thinking.
Humor is also a way of saying something serious.
Humor is no laughing matter.
Humor is out of place in a dictionary.
Humor is serious business.
Humor is the affectionate communication of insight.
Humor me.
Humor them.
Humour and irony can be very hard to grasp in another language.
Humour has justly been regarded as the finest perfection of poetic genius.
Humour is the satire of yesterday.
Humpback whales are often curious and may swim right alongside your boat, even rolling side-ways to look up at people.
Humpback whales live in all the world’s oceans. They take their common name from a distinctive hump on the whale’s back.
Humpback whales migrate annually through the Sargasso Sea.
Humph! I don't want to speak about this now.
Humphrey is a softly-spoken person.
Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall. Humpty Dumpty had a great fall. All the king's horses and all the king's men couldn't put Humpty Dumpty together again.
Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall. Humpty Dumpty had a great fall. All the king’s horses and all the king’s men couldn’t put Humpty Dumpty together again.
Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall; Humpty Dumpty had a great fall. All the King's horses and all the King's men couldn't put Humpty Dumpty together again.
Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall; Humpty Dumpty had a great fall. All the King’s horses and all the King’s men couldn’t put Humpty Dumpty together again.
Hunches are important, isn't that right?
Hunching over a computer screen or cellphone compresses the neck muscles, which causes fatigue, muscle tension and headaches, and can injure vertebrae.
Hundfjället offers descents of all difficulty levels.
Hundred-year-old trees are growing here.
Hundreds attended Tom's funeral.
Hundreds die every day.
Hundreds have been killed.
Hundreds of Native American men, women, and children were slaughtered in that part of Massachusetts.
Hundreds of animals were killed.
Hundreds of azalea bushes have blossomed, and a sea of colors has swelled up overnight in my neighborhood.
Hundreds of azalea bushes have blossomed.
Hundreds of boys are playing in the ground.
Hundreds of buffaloes moved toward the lake.
Hundreds of cattle went to the lake.
Hundreds of children participated.
Hundreds of cities and towns suffered damage.
Hundreds of city residents of all ages gathered in front of the Renaissance city hall to voice their unhappiness with the public transport system, the lack of efforts in cleaning the filth off streets and buildings, and the dreadful state of the many roads and parks in the city.
Hundreds of civilians were wounded.
Hundreds of extrasolar planets have been discovered.
Hundreds of fans are waiting for the singer.
Hundreds of fields were submerged in the flood.
Hundreds of flights land at this airport every day.
Hundreds of hotels are currently being built in Algeria.
Hundreds of leaves float on the water.
Hundreds of millions of kilometers from earth, a European spacecraft made history Wednesday by successfully landing on the icy, dusty surface of a speeding comet — an audacious first designed to answer big questions about the universe.
Hundreds of mosques dominate Algiers.
Hundreds of motorists stopped in the middle of the road to look at a supposed UFO. It was Tom flying by in a saucer-shaped hot-air balloon to play an April Fool's joke.
Hundreds of officers with salaries, bonuses and state-funded apartments are carrying out ridiculous work: on orders from the very top, they are searching the apartments of ordinary people, going through their personal belongings, photographs, rifling through documents, confiscating computers and other electronics, and then carrying out lengthy interrogations that can last hours.
Hundreds of people are dying.
Hundreds of people called or wrote to the Gorilla Foundation.
Hundreds of people came out into the square.
Hundreds of people eat here every day.
Hundreds of people have been arrested.
Hundreds of people have lost their livelihoods.
Hundreds of people have starved to death in that district.
Hundreds of people marry each year who have known each other only a few days or weeks.
Hundreds of people started taking pictures of Donald.
Hundreds of people were killed or injured.
Hundreds of people were killed.
Hundreds of people were on the spot.
Hundreds of people were waiting outside the ticket office.
Hundreds of people work in this building.
Hundreds of people work in this factory.
Hundreds of people work in this kitchen.
Hundreds of police and volunteers are searching thick bushland for a missing three-year-old boy.
Hundreds of ships left American ports.
Hundreds of soldiers ate in silence around their campfires.
Hundreds of strikers surrounded the mine shafts to prevent others from reporting to work.
Hundreds of students held him in high regard.
Hundreds of students regarded him favourably.
Hundreds of thousands of Spaniards have protested against their government's austerity programme.
Hundreds of thousands of Spaniards protested against the austerity plans of their government.
Hundreds of thousands of books have been written about chess.
Hundreds of thousands of people are taking part in the protests.
Hundreds of thousands of people died during the Algerian civil war of the 1990's.
Hundreds of thousands of people have seen the film.
Hundreds of thousands of people joined teenage climate activist Greta Thunberg for a march in Montreal Friday, part of a second wave of global protests demanding action on climate change.
Hundreds of thousands of people were out of work.
Hundreds of thousands of warriors marched across the dusty plain.
Hundreds of tourists at a hotel in the Spanish resort of Tenerife are being tested after another vacationer, an Italian from Lombardy, tested positive.
Hundreds of trees in this park blew over in the hurricane.
Hundreds of unemployed men sleep there day and night.
Hundreds of years ago, married Japanese women would blacken their teeth to beautify themselves.
Hundreds of yelling people are swarming into the park like locusts.
Hundreds of young Yazidis are being taught the techniques and instruments of their culture, including a sacred stringed instrument known as a tabor, and the daf, a type of frame drum.
Hung round the room are the portraits of Frederick, of Catharine, of Lekain—one of Voltaire himself, taken at the age of forty, and full of expression, with a number of silhouettes of the celebrated men of the day.
Hungarian and Turkish are very similar in terms of grammar.
Hungarian belongs to the Finno-Ugric branch of the Uralic language family.
Hungarian blood is true blood!
Hungarian has no grammatical gender.
Hungarian is a Finno-Ugric language.
Hungarian is a difficult language.
Hungarian is a member of the Finno-Ugric family of languages, and distantly related to Finnish and Estonian.
Hungarian is a very beautiful language.
Hungarian is an exceptionally beautiful language.
Hungarian is better than Esperanto.
Hungarian is called "magyar" in Hungarian.
Hungarian is my first language.
Hungarian is my mother tongue, but I've seldom been using it for thirty years.
Hungarian is my mother tongue.
Hungarian is my native language.
Hungarian is not an Indo-European language.
Hungarian is not an easy language.
Hungarian is the 92nd most spoken language with 12.5 million speakers.
Hungarian lacks grammatical gender.
Hungarian politicians let Ukrainian people work in Hungary with high salaries to send the money back home and help the economy there.
Hungarian practically has eighteen cases.
Hungarian soups are usually light.
Hungarian tomatoes are the best that I've ever eaten.
Hungarian's a difficult language.
Hungarian, Finnish, and Estonian are Uralic languages.
Hungarian, although spoken in Europe, is not considered an Indo-European language, just like Finnish and Basque.
Hungarians are a conservative society and they have the right to live the way they want within the borders of their own country.
Hungarians are brave people.
Hungarians are free to do whatever they want in their country.
Hungarians are free to live the way they want within the borders of their own country.
Hungarians are friendly people.
Hungarians have the right to live as a conservative society if they want so.
Hungarians have the right to live the way they want in their own country.
Hungary and Slovakia are neighbors.
Hungary belongs to the Hungarians.
Hungary closed its borders.
Hungary closed its most important train station.
Hungary has 7 regions.
Hungary has a leverage over the EU, but the government is too stupid to ask the most simple question: Do you want fresh high quality vegetables, or not?
Hungary is a founding member of the International Criminal Court.
Hungary is a sovereign nation and has the right to trade witch China. The US, on the other hand, has no right whatsoever to prevent Budapest from having good economic relations with China.
Hungary is a state located in Central Europe.
Hungary is a state situated in Central Europe.
Hungary is beautiful.
Hungary is called "Magyarország" in Hungarian.
Hungary is hungry.
Hungary is located in Central Europe.
Hungary is not leaving the EU.
Hungary is ruled by a conservative government.
Hungary is securing its border with barbed wire.
Hungary is withdrawing from the International Criminal Court.
Hungary was part of the communist bloc.
Hungary was sanctioned by the EU.
Hungary will not leave the EU.
Hungary's national anthem is a poem by Ferenc Kölcsey, with the music composed by Ferenc Erkel.
Hungary's public debt (at 74.5% of GDP) is still high compared to EU peers in Central Europe.
Hunger and extreme poverty: these are the things that the international community wants to exterminate through the means of an ambitious United Nations plan that was approved in Vienna.
Hunger can make people do stupid things.
Hunger compelled the boy to steal money from the cash register.
Hunger does not taste.
Hunger drove Tom to crime.
Hunger drove him to steal.
Hunger drove the wolf out of the woods.
Hunger impelled him to crime.
Hunger is a perfect snack.
Hunger is a very powerful human instinct which can compel us to extremes of behaviour.
Hunger is better than a bad dinner.
Hunger is caused by the brain reading changes in the levels of hormones and nutrients in the blood.
Hunger is one of the greatest social miseries.
Hunger is one of the largest social misfortunes.
Hunger is one of the strongest griefs.
Hunger is our bodies' response to having eaten less than normal.
Hunger is our bodies' way of driving us to find food and eat to stay alive.
Hunger is perhaps the strongest of all human drives.
Hunger is the best appetizer.
Hunger is the best cook.
Hunger is the best sauce.
Hunger is the best seasoning.
Hunger is the best spice.
Hunger is the seasoning of every dish.
Hunger is what drove Tom to steal from his neighbors.
Hunger kills more people every year than AIDS, malaria and tuberculosis combined.
Hunger knows no law.
Hunger made Tom do that.
Hunger makes anything taste good.
Hunger makes one angry.
Hunger makes one mean.
Hunger never provides for anyone.
Hunger often produces immortal poems. Abundance, only indigestion and clumsiness.
Hunger sometimes transforms men, breaking barriers between need and morality.
Hunger sweetens any dish.
Hunger sweetens the beans.
Hunger urged him to steal.
Hunger will come more than once.
Hunger will drive a wolf out of a forest.
Hunger, however, was ever on hand; then he had to become a marauder; dig some potatoes, and cook them in a corner of a wood, or pilfer the orchards.
Hunger, my boy, is no reason for taking something which belongs to another.
Hunger, when unsatisfied, becomes a burden that the mind cannot ignore.
Hungry and thirsty, we at last reached the inn.
Hungry people do better.
Hungry people get desperate.
Hungry puppies are barking on the street.
Hungry puppy barks on the street.
Hungry?
Hunky-dory!
Hunt me down if you don't hear anything.
Hunt together.
Hunted.
Hunter was obviously under the influence of some powerful drug.
Hunter's partner in the dark skies group, astronomer David Crawford, says the organization is working with industry to improve lighting. He cites technological advances such as light-emitting diodes, the kind of light used in cellphones. They run cool and save energy, but can also be night-friendly because they project light only where directed, not in all directions like incandescent bulbs.
Hunting accidents happen more often than most people realize.
Hunting for ivory on the African continent has tripled, and elephants now are facing their gravest crisis in decades, according to the U.N. Environmental Protection Agency and other conservation groups.
Hunting game is forbidden in these tranquil woods.
Hunting game is forbidden in this tranquil wilderness.
Hunting is also taking a huge toll on primate populations, as logging operations open up new roads through previously inaccessible areas of forest, and rural subsistence hunters exchange their traditional weapons — bows and arrows, wooden traps, and blowpipes — for guns.
Hunting is banned in national parks.
Hunting is forbidden in national parks.
Hunting is forbidden now.
Hunting is not allowed in national parks.
Hunting is prohibited in national parks.
Hunting is prohibited in this area.
Hunting isn't allowed in national parks.
Hunting season has just started in northern Algeria.
Hunting season is over.
Hunting serves to control the population of certain animals.
Hunting that killer felt very personal for Yanni.
Hunting wasn't as much fun as I thought it would be.
Hunting with Ziri would be pretty awesome.
Hunting, underwater diving, fishing and exploring are among his interests.
Hurdling the wall will make him stronger.
Hurrah to the King of Swing!
Hurrah!
Hurray for Italian women!
Hurray!
Hurray! I have found it!
Hurricane Harvey is the fiercest hurricane to hit the U.S. in more than a decade.
Hurricane Hector, swirling harmlessly in the Pacific about 1,700 miles (2,760 km) east of the Big Island, was expected to grow into a major hurricane Saturday, meaning that its maximum sustained winds would reach at least 111 mph (179 km per hour).
Hurricane Ida damaged New Orleans' power grid.
Hurricane Iota has strengthened to a Category 5 storm.
Hurricane Irma is heading towards Florida.
Hurricane Katrina devastated New Orleans.
Hurricane Katrina hit New Orleans ten years ago.
Hurricane Maria is now a category 4 storm.
Hurricane Sandy is coming.
Hurricane and storm surge warnings are in effect for the northwestern Gulf coast.
Hurricane season is a time of worry for many who live on the coast.
Hurricanes are born in the sea, generally in places with low atmospheric pressure where the temperature is higher than their surroundings.
Hurricanes are known by different names around the world. In Japan they are Typhoons, while Australians call them Cyclones.
Hurricanes are storms accompanied by winds that can travel at 74 miles per hour.
Hurricanes are very destructive.
Hurricanes are violent storms.
Hurricanes devastate entire regions.
Hurricanes form over warm water.
Hurricanes usually occur in June.
Hurricanes, cyclones, and typhoons all refer to the same weather phenomenon.
Hurry along or you'll be late.
Hurry along or you’ll be late.
Hurry and finish your breakfast.
Hurry and get it over with.
Hurry back.
Hurry home.
Hurry if you want to be on time.
Hurry if you wish to catch the start of the film.
Hurry in for supper.
Hurry it up!
Hurry it up.
Hurry on, comrades!
Hurry only if you have a time-dependent objective or destination.
Hurry or we'll be late.
Hurry or we'll never make the train!
Hurry or we’ll never make the train!
Hurry or you'll miss the train.
Hurry slowly.
Hurry then, don't get in the way of my studies.
Hurry this way!
Hurry to Adekkar.
Hurry to Tiznit city.
Hurry to bgayet.
Hurry to heal yourself before wanting to heal others.
Hurry to see him.
Hurry to the west.
Hurry up a little!
Hurry up already!
Hurry up and bring me something to drink.
Hurry up and clean the living room before Tom gets here.
Hurry up and climb inside.
Hurry up and eat!
Hurry up and finish eating.
Hurry up and finish whatever the hell you're doing in there!
Hurry up and finish your breakfast.
Hurry up and get dressed.
Hurry up and get dressed. You're going to miss your ride.
Hurry up and get in.
Hurry up and get ready.
Hurry up and go to bed!
Hurry up and go to bed.
Hurry up and go to bed. It’s already midnight.
Hurry up and go with him.
Hurry up and lay the table for dinner.
Hurry up and learn to be patient.
Hurry up and read it.
Hurry up and set the table for dinner.
Hurry up and you can still catch your train.
Hurry up if you don't want us to lose our campsite.
Hurry up in order to catch the train.
Hurry up or we'll be late!
Hurry up or we'll be late.
Hurry up or we'll miss the train!
Hurry up or you'll be late.
Hurry up or you'll miss the train.
Hurry up or you'll miss your plane.
Hurry up so that you get there in time.
Hurry up with those things.
Hurry up!
Hurry up! Everyone's waiting for you.
Hurry up! Here comes the bus.
Hurry up! I can't wait any longer.
Hurry up! I don't have all day.
Hurry up! If not then we'll miss the bus.
Hurry up! If you don't, we'll be late.
Hurry up! If you don’t, we’ll be late.
Hurry up! My leg is on fire!
Hurry up! Otherwise you'll be late.
Hurry up! The bus is coming!
Hurry up! The concert is starting.
Hurry up! The food will get cold.
Hurry up! The train is about to leave.
Hurry up! The train is here!
Hurry up! There's left only a short time for the start of the match.
Hurry up! There's only 30 minutes left before the train leaves.
Hurry up! They're going to leave.
Hurry up! Tom needs to be there in time.
Hurry up! We are all waiting for you.
Hurry up! We are drowning!
Hurry up! We are waiting for you!
Hurry up! We are waiting for you.
Hurry up! We can't be late.
Hurry up! We have to leave.
Hurry up! We'll be late.
Hurry up! We're all waiting for you.
Hurry up! We're late.
Hurry up! We're waiting for you.
Hurry up! We’ll be late.
Hurry up! You should be ready by now.
Hurry up, I need to go to the bathroom.
Hurry up, Jack! It's 7.40.
Hurry up, Jack! It's twenty to eight.
Hurry up, Martin. We're already late!
Hurry up, Martin. We’re already late!
Hurry up, Mary! We're going to be late!
Hurry up, Mom.
Hurry up, Mum!
Hurry up, Mum! Everyone's waiting.
Hurry up, Tom!
Hurry up, Tom! We're going to be late!
Hurry up, Tom, I'm freezing.
Hurry up, Tom.
Hurry up, Tom. The food is getting cold.
Hurry up, and you can catch the bus.
Hurry up, and you can catch the train.
Hurry up, and you will be able to catch the train.
Hurry up, and you will be in time for school.
Hurry up, and you will be in time for the bus.
Hurry up, and you will be on time.
Hurry up, and you'll be able to catch the train.
Hurry up, and you'll be in time for school.
Hurry up, and you'll catch the bus.
Hurry up, and you'll catch the train.
Hurry up, and you'll catch your train.
Hurry up, and you'll get your train.
Hurry up, and you’ll be in time for school.
Hurry up, and you’ll catch the bus.
Hurry up, and you’ll catch the train.
Hurry up, before your cousin comes.
Hurry up, breakfast is ready!
Hurry up, child!
Hurry up, girl!
Hurry up, girls, you're going to be late.
Hurry up, girls.
Hurry up, guys, you're going to be late.
Hurry up, guys.
Hurry up, it's going to start soon.
Hurry up, it's late.
Hurry up, kid, we have a lot of work to do.
Hurry up, kid, we've got a lot of travelling to do.
Hurry up, let's go!
Hurry up, man.
Hurry up, or it will start raining.
Hurry up, or we'll be late.
Hurry up, or we'll miss the bus.
Hurry up, or we'll miss the train.
Hurry up, or we're leaving without you.
Hurry up, or we’ll be late.
Hurry up, or we’ll miss the train.
Hurry up, or you will be late for school.
Hurry up, or you will be late for the last train.
Hurry up, or you will be late.
Hurry up, or you will miss the bus.
Hurry up, or you will miss the last train.
Hurry up, or you will miss the train.
Hurry up, or you won't catch up with him.
Hurry up, or you won’t catch up with him.
Hurry up, or you'll be late for school.
Hurry up, or you'll be late for the last train.
Hurry up, or you'll be late.
Hurry up, or you'll miss lunch.
Hurry up, or you'll miss the bus.
Hurry up, or you'll miss the last train.
Hurry up, or you'll miss the train.
Hurry up, or you'll miss your plane.
Hurry up, or you’ll be late for school.
Hurry up, or you’ll be late.
Hurry up, or you’ll miss the bus.
Hurry up, or you’ll miss the train.
Hurry up, or you’ll miss your plane.
Hurry up, otherwise you'll be late for lunch.
Hurry up, otherwise you'll be late.
Hurry up, otherwise you’ll be late for lunch.
Hurry up, please!
Hurry up, please! We have to leave in five minutes.
Hurry up, please.
Hurry up, please. Tom is waiting for us.
Hurry up, slowcoach!
Hurry up, the fight is on.
Hurry up, the professor will not wait for you.
Hurry up, the summer is almost over...
Hurry up, the train only stops here for a short while.
Hurry up, there's no time.
Hurry up, we are leaving!
Hurry up, we don't have all day!
Hurry up, we need to get soon home.
Hurry up, we're late for school.
Hurry up, will you?
Hurry up, you lot!
Hurry up, you still have time!
Hurry up.
Hurry up. I'm cold.
Hurry up. It's late.
Hurry up. Otherwise, we'll be late to lunch.
Hurry up. The door's closing.
Hurry up. The train leaves in ten minutes. We don't want to miss it.
Hurry up. The train leaves in ten minutes. We don’t want to miss it.
Hurry up. The train only stops here for a short time.
Hurry up. The train only stops here for a short while.
Hurry up. They're going to see us.
Hurry up. We're about to pass that car up ahead.
Hurry up. We're leaving.
Hurry up. We've little time to waste.
Hurry up. We’ve little time to waste.
Hurry up. You'll be late for school.
Hurry up. You’ll be late for school.
Hurry!
Hurry! The bus is coming!
Hurry! The concert is starting!
Hurry! The train arrives in just thirty minutes.
Hurry! There's no time to lose!
Hurry! There's no time to lose.
Hurry! There’s no time to lose.
Hurry! Tom is bleeding to death.
Hurry! Tom says it's urgent.
Hurry! We don't have a lot of time.
Hurry, Tom, or you'll be late.
Hurry, and you will catch the train.
Hurry, and you'll get there on time.
Hurry, he's getting closer!
Hurry, help.
Hurry, or the plane will leave you behind.
Hurry, or the train will leave you behind.
Hurry, or we'll be late.
Hurry, or you won't get to the movie theater in time!
Hurry, or you won’t get to the movie theater in time!
Hurry, or you'll be late for school.
Hurry, or you'll be late.
Hurry, or you'll miss the train.
Hurry, or you’ll miss the train.
Hurry, pick up your pace!
Hurry, there's still time!
Hurry, you lot. The train leaves in a few minutes. We don't want to miss it.
Hurry.
Hurry. Please lend me a hand.
Hurry; the matter is urgent.
Hurrying leads to mistakes being made.
Hurrying surely wasn't going to help me. It was too late.
Hurt a sociopath and he will never forgive you.
Hurt not others in ways that you yourself would find hurtful.
Hurt people hurt people.
Hurting others because of different opinions doesn't help anyone.
Husbands and wives argue.
Husbands and wives should help each other as long as they live.
Husbands and wives should stand by each other throughout their lives.
Hush up and finish your work.
Hush up now before someone hears us.
Hush!
Hush! He's sleeping.
Huskies are covered with two coats of hair.
Huskies are friendly.
Huskies get along well with children and other dogs.
Huskies have a lot of energy.
Huskies like cold weather.
Huskies love cold weather.
Huskies require a lot of exercise and training from a young age.
Hussein, the grandson of Prophet Mohammad, was martyred in Karbala in the year 680.
Hustle culture makes you less productive.
Hutchinson's freckle is a lentigo composed of atypical melanocytes.
Hutongs are a type of narrow street, most commonly associated with Beijing, China.
Huzzah!
Hyacinths and fresh-cut grass remind me of my childhood.
Hyahno Moser, one of the organizers of the conference, said a lack of play is leaving some children dangerously isolated.
Hybrid cars actually have two motors: an electric one and a heat one.
Hybrid schedules could be the next monumental shift in the American workplace after last year's sudden move to remote work.
Hybridization concerns the mule.
Hybrids use both the familiar gasoline engine and an electric motor in a clever combination governed by computer. The end result is greater fuel economy and less air pollution.
Hyde isn't Jekyll's evil half, he's Jekyll's repressed desires.
Hyderabad was ruled by a nizam until 1948.
Hydra is one of the most affluent neighborhoods in Algiers.
Hydrangea blooming season arrived.
Hydrangea grows in her garden.
Hydrangea grows in their garden.
Hydrangeas are her favourite flowers.
Hydrangeas are popular ornamental garden shrubs.
Hydrangeas have very beautiful flowers.
Hydration is critically important in hot weather.
Hydration is essential for staying healthy during the summer months.
Hydraulic fracturing makes use of high-pressure water to create cracks in hydrocarbon-bearing shale.
Hydrocarbon exploration has ceased with declining oil prices.
Hydrocarbons are a class of molecules which are constituted by hydrogen and carbon atoms.
Hydrocarbons continue to play a fundamental role in Algeria's economy.
Hydrocarbons is Algeria's major economic sector.
Hydrocarbons represent more than 95% of Algerian exports.
Hydrochloric acid can burn the skin.
Hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs) are found in refrigerators, freezers and air conditioners worldwide. They can be hundreds or thousands of times more potent than carbon dioxide in terms of their planet-warming potential.
Hydrogen and oxygen combine to form water.
Hydrogen bonds have something to do with the high boiling point of water.
Hydrogen does not exist as such in nature.
Hydrogen has no more future than it had past.
Hydrogen is an element with atomic number 1 and symbol H.
Hydrogen is the lightest element.
Hydrogen is the most abundant element in the universe.
Hydrogen is the most common element in the universe.
Hydrogen peroxide bubbles when put on a wound.
Hydrogen, carbon, nitrogen, phosphorus, oxygen, sulfur and selenium are nonmetals.
Hydrography is the science that measures and describes the physical features of bodies of water.
Hydroponic farming is a type of farming where plants grow without soil and are fed mineral nutrients through water.
Hydropower doesn't emit greenhouse gases.
Hydropower is a renewable resource, but oil, coal and natural gas are not.
Hydropower is a renewable resource.
Hydrotherapy involves the use of water for soothing pains and treating certain medical conditions.
Hydrotherapy is the use of water to relieve pain and cure illnesses.
Hydrozoa are predators.
Hyenas are extremely rare in Kabylie.
Hyenas are not very picky about their food.
Hyenas are reminiscent of dogs and wolves.
Hyenas are territorial beasts.
Hyenas don't usually attack people.
Hyenas have been spotted near the trail.
Hyenas have never been hunted in this area.
Hyenas inhabit those woods.
Hyenas live in these woods.
Hygiene conditions in the Portakabins were appalling.
Hygiene is everything if you want to avoid stomach sickness when travelling.
Hygiene is the most crucial thing, if you want to be saved for stomach bugs when travelling.
Hyman says one answer to the problem could be to set up a system of portable benefits. “Every time there is a transaction, every time somebody comes to your door and delivers something to you, a dollar goes into their retirement account and a dollar goes into their health care fund,” Hyman says.
Hymen had been called to bless with his presence the nuptials of Orpheus with Eurydice; but though he attended, he brought no happy omens with him. His very torch smoked and brought tears into their eyes.
Hymns sung to the Greek gods thousands of years ago resonated from ancient musical instruments in Athens on Thursday, transporting a transfixed audience to antiquity.
Hyogo Prefecture's capital is Kobe City.
Hype and fanfare greeted the U.S. launch of Microsoft's newest game.
HyperCard was an early implementation of hypertext.
Hyperloop was an idea so terrible that it could have genuinely sprung from the mind of Elon Musk.
Hypertext markup language is better known by its abbreviation: HTML.
Hypertext transfer protocol is abbreviated as http and is the protocol used for web pages.
Hypertonic and hypotonic crystalloids respectively contain more and less electrolytes than the plasma.
Hypnosis can't make you do anything against your will.
Hypnotism works.
Hypocrisy and violence are a cultural fact in Algeria.
Hypocrisy goes on.
Hypocrisy is Tom's middle name.
Hypocrisy is a revolting, psychopathic state.
Hypocrisy is a tribute that vice pays to virtue.
Hypocrisy is everywhere.
Hypocrisy is my abhorrence.
Hypocrisy is prejudice with a halo.
Hypocrisy is the art of politics.
Hypocrisy is the death of democracy.
Hypocrisy is the height of all evil.
Hypocrisy is the homage that vice pays to virtue.
Hypocrites are people who accuse others of doing something that they are guilty of doing themselves.
Hyponymy, antinomy and synonymy are all lexical terms.
Hypophysitis is a rare disease.
Hypophysitis is an inflammation of the hypophysis.
Hypophysitis is an inflammation of the pituitary gland.
Hypotheses are nets: only he who casts will catch.
Hypothetically a person can live a perfect life without sinning.
Hyssop, Rosemary, and Sage are natives of the south of Europe, and the two first appreciate a light, sandy soil, and not too much sun.
Hysterectomy is the surgical removal of part or all of the uterus.
Hysteria is at fever pitch.
Hysteria is no laughing matter.
Hyundai says the technology can capture enough solar energy to charge 30 to 60 percent of the vehicle’s battery. The company estimates that with six hours of daily charging, the system could increase a driver’s yearly travel distance by 1,300 kilometers.
Hálfdan the White fell in Estonia.
Hélène has just contacted me.
Hísiel and Nenwë watch the forest.
I OKed what you asked for.
I Pepsi challenge you to tell the difference!
I Rickrolled so many people on April Fool's Day.
I abandon my province.
I abandoned my plans.
I abandoned them when they turned bad.
I abandoned this a long time ago.
I abandoned you, my home.
I abbreviate my name.
I abdicate.
I abhor alcohol.
I abhor classical music.
I abhor killing animals.
I abhor politics.
I abhor spiders.
I abhor the new president.
I abhor these instances like pitch.
I abhor violence.
I abide by a rule concerning reviews: I will never ask, neither in writing nor in person, that a word be put in about my book.... One feels cleaner this way.
I abjure, curse, and detest the aforesaid errors and heresies.
I absented myself from school yesterday.
I absented myself from the meeting.
I absolutely agree with you.
I absolutely agree.
I absolutely believe it.
I absolutely can't believe the scene that is unfolding before my eyes.
I absolutely cannot approve the proposition.
I absolutely cannot fathom why you bought that ridiculously expensive car.
I absolutely despise people like you.
I absolutely despise you.
I absolutely do not like goat cheese.
I absolutely do not want that for you.
I absolutely don't know that woman.
I absolutely fell in love with those photos.
I absolutely find you irresistible.
I absolutely hate those haughty aristocrats.
I absolutely have no issue with Islam.
I absolutely have to share.
I absolutely love going to concerts not just because I get a chance to meet the musician or singer but because of the wondrous feeling of a live performance.
I absolutely love languages for their own sake—their structure, sounds, and logic—but I've never had the slightest interest in the culture, traditions, history, or politics of the countries where they're spoken.
I absolutely love my job.
I absolutely love this Kabyle dress.
I absolutely love this song.
I absolutely loved it.
I absolutely must find her.
I absolutely must find it.
I absolutely must know what you're planning to do.
I absolutely must remember my passport.
I absolutely need to go out.
I absolutely understood nothing.
I absolutely want to do it.
I absolutely will not speak to that fellow again!
I absolve you from your sins.
I absorb information swiftly.
I abstain from alcohol.
I abstain from voting.
I abstain.
I abstained from taking meat.
I abstained.
I abuse Dr. Mabuse.
I accelerated my car and then I overtook them.
I accelerated.
I accept and respect your opinion.
I accept any kind of help.
I accept full responsibility for their actions.
I accept gifts.
I accept his proposal.
I accept life as it is.
I accept only "yes" as an answer.
I accept that challenge.
I accept that he was telling the truth.
I accept that.
I accept the age I am.
I accept the case for the inheritance claim.
I accept the challenge!
I accept the challenge.
I accept the exchange.
I accept the idea, the fact, that we have different opinions, but that doesn't mean I have to agree with you.
I accept the offer.
I accept the proposal, but with some reservations.
I accept the responsibility.
I accept the risk.
I accept the statement as true.
I accept the terms and conditions of use.
I accept this proposal.
I accept what you say to some extent.
I accept you as you are.
I accept you for who you are.
I accept you.
I accept your apologies.
I accept your apology.
I accept your challenge, time, and place of meeting.
I accept your challenge.
I accept your conditions.
I accept your offer.
I accept your ruling.
I accept your terms.
I accept, but only on one condition.
I accept, but only under one condition.
I accepted Islam, the faith of my parents.
I accepted Tom's apology.
I accepted Tom's gift.
I accepted Tom's invitation.
I accepted a present from his sister.
I accepted her invitation.
I accepted his invitation.
I accepted immediately.
I accepted that a long time ago.
I accepted the challenge.
I accepted the gift.
I accepted the invitation.
I accepted the invitations.
I accepted the job.
I accepted the offer after due consideration.
I accepted the offer.
I accepted to add Mary as a member of the club.
I accidentally broke your mug.
I accidentally bumped into Tom.
I accidentally consented to destroying the universe.
I accidentally cut myself.
I accidentally deleted a bunch of files.
I accidentally deleted a file on your laptop.
I accidentally deleted all of Tom's messages.
I accidentally deleted everything.
I accidentally deleted some files.
I accidentally deleted the file.
I accidentally deleted your messages.
I accidentally did that.
I accidentally drank detergent.
I accidentally drank your milk, I'm sorry.
I accidentally dropped my phone.
I accidentally dropped your mug, but it's okay, it didn't break.
I accidentally emphasized unimportant things.
I accidentally erased some data.
I accidentally forgot to bring the house key.
I accidentally found my brother's dildos.
I accidentally found my sister's dildos.
I accidentally got two bottles of conditioner.
I accidentally hit him or her with a flying object.
I accidentally kicked a large rock and broke my toe.
I accidentally knocked over the vase.
I accidentally knocked the pitcher off the table.
I accidentally let it slip to my boyfriend that I'd gone to a movie with Tom the other day.
I accidentally locked my keys in my car.
I accidentally locked my keys in the car.
I accidentally lost my umbrella.
I accidentally poisoned myself.
I accidentally poured the milk into the sugar bowl.
I accidentally ripped her dural sac.
I accidentally ripped your T-shirt, I'll replace it.
I accidentally saw her naked.
I accidentally saw him naked.
I accidentally sent this to my ex.
I accidentally set my alarm to the wrong time.
I accidentally shot myself in the foot.
I accidentally shot myself in the leg.
I accidentally slapped my teacher.
I accidentally spilled a sugary drink on my laptop and now the keys are sticky.
I accidentally spilled coffee on my computer's keyboard.
I accidentally spilled coffee on the mat.
I accidentally spilled coffee on your laptop.
I accidentally spilled the milk.
I accidentally spilled water on my mobile phone.
I accidentally spilled your tea, I'm sorry.
I accidentally stepped on Tom's foot.
I accidentally the whole Coke bottle; is that bad?
I accidentally threw an expensive knife into the trash.
I accidentally took his umbrella.
I accidentally took my night meds instead of my afternoon meds.
I accidentally tripped my teacher.
I accidentally tripped the teacher.
I accidentally used up all the bandwidth.
I accidentally went the wrong way.
I accidentally wiped the file directory that contained my dad's vacation photos while trying to teach myself to code.
I acclimated myself to the hot weather.
I accommodate statistics to theory.
I accommodated him for the night.
I accommodated him with a night's lodging.
I accommodated him with a night’s lodging.
I accommodated him with money.
I accommodated my friend with money.
I accommodated my plan to those new circumstances.
I accompanied Mina.
I accompanied Rima to the village.
I accompanied Skura to Algiers.
I accompanied Tom on the piano.
I accompanied Tom there.
I accompanied Tom to Boston.
I accompanied Tom to the door.
I accompanied her on a walk.
I accompanied her on the piano.
I accompanied him on the trip.
I accompanied my friend in a walk around the garden.
I accompanied the children to school.
I accompanied them when they wished to discuss.
I accomplished all I set out to do.
I accomplished everything that I wanted to accomplish.
I accomplished what I wanted to.
I accomplished what I wanted.
I account him to be a man of sense.
I accounted for the failure.
I accuse the politicians of starting a war without plausible motive.
I accuse!
I accused her of having stolen the bike.
I accused her unfairly.
I accused him of cheating.
I accused him of having stolen the bike.
I accused him unfairly.
I accused the people unjustly.
I accused you unfairly.
I accused you unfairly. I'm sorry.
I aced that test.
I aced the exam!
I aced the test!
I aced the test.
I ache all over after the exercises.
I ache all over.
I ache for a sight of the sea.
I ache for your pain.
I achieve inner peace in natural environments.
I achieved all I hoped to do today.
I achieved the goal.
I acknowledge fear but refuse to be held back.
I acknowledge it to be true.
I acknowledge mistakes were made.
I acknowledge my mistake.
I acknowledge my mistakes with humility.
I acknowledge only Tom at work.
I acknowledge that mistakes were made.
I acknowledge the importance of patience.
I acknowledge the power of a positive mindset.
I acknowledge your kindness.
I acknowledged that I want to do strange things.
I acknowledged the receipt of your letter.
I acquired it.
I act as I please.
I act differently on the internet compared to real life.
I acted alone.
I acted as a simultaneous interpreter.
I acted as if I didn't know her.
I acted as if I didn't know them.
I acted as interpreter at the meeting.
I acted foolishly.
I acted for our captain while he was in the hospital.
I acted in accordance with my own conviction.
I acted in self-defense.
I acted like I didn't know her.
I acted like I didn't know him.
I acted like I knew everything.
I acted like a fool.
I acted on Tom's advice.
I acted on his advice.
I acted on instinct, I followed my nature.
I acted on instinct.
I acted out my belief.
I acted the part of a fairy.
I acted to protect myself from a similar destiny.
I acted up to my principles.
I acted upon what I believed.
I acted without thinking.
I activated one.
I actively choose companionship over seclusion.
I actually agree with Tom.
I actually agree with her.
I actually agree with him.
I actually agree with them.
I actually agree with you on that.
I actually agree with you.
I actually agreed to do that.
I actually am 81 years old but if I subtract the time I've waited to get my bags at the airport, I'm only 43.
I actually appreciate that.
I actually asked Tom to do that.
I actually asked Tom to stay.
I actually believe that.
I actually believed Tom and Mary weren't lying.
I actually believed Tom wasn't lying.
I actually cried.
I actually did it.
I actually did say that.
I actually did that by myself.
I actually did that myself.
I actually did that yesterday.
I actually did that.
I actually didn't do that by myself.
I actually didn't do that myself.
I actually didn't plan it at all.
I actually didn't plan on doing that.
I actually didn't plan to be here today.
I actually didn't plan to do that.
I actually didn't say that.
I actually didn't see that episode.
I actually didn't want to do that.
I actually do enjoy hitting you.
I actually do hate America.
I actually do have a map of this area.
I actually do that by myself.
I actually don't celebrate Halloween.
I actually don't drink all that much.
I actually don't enjoy opera very much.
I actually don't feel like going to the city.
I actually don't have an obligation to help you.
I actually don't have time to deal with these, and it's not really any of my business.
I actually don't know anything about it.
I actually don't know the answer.
I actually don't know where Tom and Mary live.
I actually don't know where Tom lives.
I actually don't know.
I actually don't like Christmas.
I actually don't like cats at all.
I actually don't like doing that.
I actually don't like doing this.
I actually don't really like burgers.
I actually don't work here.
I actually drink quite a lot.
I actually ended up walking all the way from Shinjuku Station to Jimbocho yesterday!
I actually enjoy school. It's just the getting out of bed and getting here part that's the issue.
I actually enjoyed that.
I actually enjoyed the movie.
I actually feel bad for Tom.
I actually feel sorry for Tom.
I actually felt bad for Tom.
I actually felt it was a great idea.
I actually found the villain rather relatable.
I actually had fun tonight.
I actually had no idea he was a triplet.
I actually had no idea she was a triplet.
I actually hate eating alone.
I actually have a house in Algiers.
I actually have a lot to complain about in my life.
I actually have a split personality.
I actually have five houses.
I actually have no desire at all to listen to your drivel.
I actually have no idea of what the situation is like in my country.
I actually have over thirty tennis balls.
I actually have to do that.
I actually have to run.
I actually haven't been to Australia yet.
I actually haven't been to Boston yet.
I actually haven't done that yet.
I actually haven't even met Tom.
I actually haven't finished my homework yet.
I actually heard someone use this expression just this morning.
I actually helped Tom.
I actually kind of liked it.
I actually kissed Tom yesterday.
I actually know the answer to that question.
I actually laughed.
I actually left early.
I actually like Tom a lot.
I actually like Tom.
I actually like being alone.
I actually like broccoli.
I actually like it.
I actually like modern art.
I actually like playing tennis now that I know you don't hate playing with me.
I actually like that.
I actually liked it a lot.
I actually live not too far from here.
I actually lost my voice overnight. That was Monday, and it still hasn't come back.
I actually love Christmas.
I actually love my job.
I actually meant to visit him yesterday.
I actually need to do that today.
I actually need you to do more than just that.
I actually never gave any blanket condemnation of that; my criticism was more specific.
I actually never knew that.
I actually play piano fairly well.
I actually play piano pretty well.
I actually play piano quite well.
I actually play piano really well.
I actually play the piano fairly well.
I actually play the piano pretty well.
I actually play the piano really well.
I actually prefer the original.
I actually prefer to sit in the back.
I actually really like it.
I actually really liked it.
I actually saw a ghost.
I actually see nothing wrong with trying to be seductive towards people who make our heart beat faster.
I actually slept quite well last night.
I actually spoke French to my teacher today.
I actually think I might be able to do that.
I actually think Tom remembered me.
I actually think it is a very good idea.
I actually think it's a great idea.
I actually think it's a very good idea.
I actually think that I might be able to do that.
I actually thought Tom was going to choke to death.
I actually thought it might be impossible.
I actually thought it was a videogame.
I actually thought that Tom was going to choke to death.
I actually tried to do that once.
I actually tried to do that.
I actually use this.
I actually visited Algeria a few years ago.
I actually voted that I'm not a perfectionist, though. I have some of the signs on the list to a high degree but I'm not entirely motivated by perfection.
I actually waited about three hours.
I actually walked right past Tom.
I actually walked to school today.
I actually want this job.
I actually want to do that.
I actually want to eat alone.
I actually want to go alone.
I actually wasn't asleep, and I heard everything.
I actually wasn't asleep, and heard everything.
I actually went to Algeria.
I actually work here.
I actually wrote a song for you.
I adapt to new information easily.
I adapted quickly.
I adapted the garage for use as a workshop.
I adapted.
I add a few finishing touches.
I add a spoonful of sugar to my coffee every morning.
I add examples to Tatoeba in many languages.
I add less sugar to cakes than the recipes call for.
I add light to the lives of those I touch.
I add new examples.
I add sentences for fun.
I add sentences to Tatoeba almost every day.
I add sentences.
I add to my clients' value by giving them the best haircuts.
I added 51515 Portuguese sentences to the Tatoeba corpus.
I added Tom to my list.
I added Tom's family name to the list.
I added Tom's last name to the list.
I added Tom's name to the list of candidates.
I added Tom's name to the list.
I added Tom's surname to the list.
I added a corpus of two thousand sentences in Toki Pona to Tatoeba.
I added a hint of garlic to the recipe.
I added a layer of strawberry jam to the cake.
I added a lot of translations.
I added a new Chinese translation.
I added a new sentence.
I added a picture and hope that you find it appropriate.
I added a room to my house.
I added a sentence on Tatoeba.
I added a touch of cinnamon to the cake batter.
I added chickpeas to the salad.
I added furigana.
I added his name to the list.
I added it to my favourites.
I added it.
I added kidney beans to the chili.
I added my name to the list.
I added new examples.
I added new sentences.
I added newspaper article frequency data to the 'Kanji list' function.
I added newspaper article frequency data to the ’Kanji list’ function.
I added oil to the fire.
I added one.
I added sake to it.
I added sentences on Tatoeba.
I added sentences.
I added seven hundred and seventy-seven (777) Greek sentences to the Tatoeba corpus.
I added some milk and eggs.
I added some of your own to it.
I added some sugar to my coffee.
I added sugar to my coffee.
I added this sentence to the site.
I added this website to my favorites.
I added too much water.
I added water.
I added yet another sentence.
I added your name to the list.
I address him by his first name.
I address my teacher in Berber.
I address people politely.
I addressed a petition to the mayor.
I addressed my full attention to the landscape outside.
I addressed the envelope containing the invitation.
I addressed the letter to my aunt.
I addressed the letters and the packages.
I addressed this letter to my grandfather.
I adhered to my decision.
I adjusted one.
I adjusted the settings on my profile so I’ll only be visible to anyone between the ages of sixteen and eighteen.
I adjusted the telescope to my vision.
I admire Carlos's attention to detail and accuracy as a colleague.
I admire Iranians and Russians.
I admire Pharamp a lot.
I admire Tom a great deal.
I admire Tom a lot.
I admire Tom for many things.
I admire Tom very much.
I admire Tom's altruism.
I admire Tom's dedication.
I admire Tom's determination. He will achieve a lot in life.
I admire Tom's diligence.
I admire Tom's efforts.
I admire Tom's endurance.
I admire Tom's perseverance.
I admire Tom's talent.
I admire Tom's tenacity.
I admire Tom's work ethic.
I admire Tom's work.
I admire Tom.
I admire William's hobby of volunteering at the homeless shelter - he's making a real difference.
I admire a person who expresses a frank opinion.
I admire anybody who can do something like that.
I admire anyone who can do something like that.
I admire her aristocratic ways.
I admire her efforts.
I admire her strength and stamina.
I admire her talent.
I admire her thoroughness.
I admire her truly.
I admire her.
I admire him for his courage.
I admire him, in spite of his faults.
I admire him.
I admire his aristocratic manners.
I admire his aristocratic ways.
I admire his courage.
I admire his dedication.
I admire his dignified demeanour.
I admire his forthrightness.
I admire his skill at driving.
I admire his talent.
I admire his wit.
I admire his work ethic.
I admire his writing style.
I admire how self-confident you are when speaking in public.
I admire how she demonstrated her mettle in that difficult situation.
I admire how you always manage to avoid arguments.
I admire how you deal with difficult situations.
I admire how you handle challenges.
I admire innovative concepts.
I admire native speakers of English who are learning Czech.
I admire people who express their opinions frankly.
I admire that about you.
I admire the Hungarian nation.
I admire the adamance with which you protect your son.
I admire the beauty of penises in art.
I admire the college too.
I admire the culture and the politeness of the Germans.
I admire the leadership skills that Carlos demonstrates as a colleague.
I admire the pianist for her great skill.
I admire the view of the entire city atop the Ferris wheel.
I admire the way you always seem to be able to avoid getting into fights.
I admire the way you can always stay so calm.
I admire the way you did that.
I admire the way you do that.
I admire the way you don't let things like this bother you.
I admire the way you give advice.
I admire the way you handle challenges.
I admire the way you handle criticism.
I admire the way you handled the situation.
I admire the way you handled yourself in that situation.
I admire the way you never lose your temper.
I admire the way you speak so frankly.
I admire the way you treat others.
I admire their commitment to each other.
I admire their ingenuity.
I admire their strength as a couple and support their decision.
I admire them both.
I admire them.
I admire those who are multilingual.
I admire those who set trends, but it's not for me.
I admire what Tom did.
I admire what you've done.
I admire you a lot.
I admire you and Tom.
I admire you for keeping your head.
I admire you for telling things as they are.
I admire you for that.
I admire you for your courage.
I admire you.
I admire your ability to always see good in others.
I admire your ability to deal with adversity.
I admire your ability to help others understand difficult concepts.
I admire your ability to stay calm under pressure; I want that too.
I admire your ambition.
I admire your approach to daily life.
I admire your assertiveness.
I admire your brave deed.
I admire your bravery.
I admire your calm!
I admire your candor.
I admire your candour.
I admire your commitment.
I admire your compassion.
I admire your confidence.
I admire your conviction.
I admire your courage and your fearlessness.
I admire your courage.
I admire your creativity.
I admire your decisiveness.
I admire your dedication to your job.
I admire your dedication to your work.
I admire your dedication.
I admire your determination to help those less fortunate than you.
I admire your determination to master French.
I admire your determination to not give up.
I admire your determination.
I admire your devotion to your wife.
I admire your devotion.
I admire your discipline.
I admire your drive.
I admire your effort.
I admire your endurance.
I admire your enthusiasm.
I admire your fearlessness.
I admire your flexibility.
I admire your fortitude.
I admire your grit.
I admire your gumption.
I admire your honesty.
I admire your ignorance.
I admire your ingenuity.
I admire your initiative.
I admire your loyalty.
I admire your moxie.
I admire your optimism.
I admire your passion.
I admire your perseverance and determination.
I admire your perseverance.
I admire your persistence.
I admire your pluck.
I admire your professional abilities.
I admire your professionalism.
I admire your resolve.
I admire your resourcefulness.
I admire your restraint.
I admire your scruples, Tom.
I admire your sense of duty.
I admire your sense of fairness.
I admire your sense of humor.
I admire your sense of purpose.
I admire your skill.
I admire your skills and want to follow in your footsteps.
I admire your spirit.
I admire your stamina.
I admire your strength.
I admire your style.
I admire your success.
I admire your talent.
I admire your tenacity.
I admire your willingness to be vulnerable.
I admire your willingness to help people in need.
I admire your work ethic.
I admire your work.
I admire your writing.
I admire your zeal.
I admired Tom's work.
I admired Tom.
I admired her from afar, wishing for more.
I admired her.
I admired him.
I admired his courage and trusted him.
I admired his dedication to the team.
I admired his generosity.
I admired his talent.
I admired that camaraderie.
I admired the beauty of all the colorful flowers.
I admired them.
I admired you and Tom.
I admired you.
I admit I did that.
I admit I did what I promised not to do.
I admit I did what I said I wouldn't do.
I admit I did what I wasn't supposed to do.
I admit I did what I'd promised not to do.
I admit I did what Tom asked me not to do.
I admit I did what Tom said I shouldn't do.
I admit I did what Tom told me not to do.
I admit I didn't do that.
I admit I didn't do what I promised I'd do.
I admit I didn't do what I promised to do.
I admit I didn't do what I said I'd do.
I admit I didn't do what I was supposed to do.
I admit I didn't do what Tom asked me to do.
I admit I didn't do what Tom said I had to do.
I admit I didn't do what Tom told me I had to do.
I admit I didn't do what Tom told me I needed to do.
I admit I didn't do what Tom told me I was supposed to do.
I admit I didn't do what Tom told me to do.
I admit I didn't do what Tom wanted me to do.
I admit I do that.
I admit I don't have all the answers.
I admit I don't like Tom very much.
I admit I hit Tom.
I admit I left early.
I admit I lied.
I admit I lost.
I admit I made a mistake.
I admit I neglected my responsibilities.
I admit I often do that.
I admit I sometimes cry.
I admit I sometimes drive too fast.
I admit I stole Mary's jewelry.
I admit I trained my sons more strictly than the other apprentices.
I admit I was a little drunk.
I admit I was careless.
I admit I was mistaken.
I admit I was nervous.
I admit I was overwhelmed.
I admit I was skeptical at first.
I admit I was surprised.
I admit I was wrong.
I admit I wasn't happy.
I admit I wasn't paying attention.
I admit I wasn't sure.
I admit I'm a bit selfish.
I admit I'm a little afraid of the dentist's chair.
I admit I'm not the tidiest person in the world.
I admit I'm the one who did that.
I admit I'm the one who stole the money.
I admit I'm tired.
I admit I'm wrong.
I admit I've been careless.
I admit I've been defeated.
I admit I've been doing that for a long time.
I admit I've been naughty.
I admit I've despised Tom since the first time I met him.
I admit I've done it.
I admit I've done that.
I admit I've never actually been to Australia.
I admit I've never actually been to Boston.
I admit I've never been to Australia.
I admit I've never been to Boston.
I admit I've never done that.
I admit I’m wrong.
I admit Tom is right.
I admit Tom was right.
I admit at first I didn't like you.
I admit having done wrong.
I admit he's smart, but does he have to talk over everyone's heads all the time?
I admit her superiority to others.
I admit he’s smart, but does he have to talk over everyone’s heads all the time?
I admit it could've been worse.
I admit it to be true.
I admit it won't be easy.
I admit it's strange.
I admit it.
I admit it. I was wrong.
I admit my mistake.
I admit not having the truth.
I admit nothing.
I admit that I am poor and couldn't get good education, but does it mean that you have to make a laugh out of me?
I admit that I did that.
I admit that I did what I promised not to do.
I admit that I did what I said I wouldn't do.
I admit that I did what I wasn't supposed to do.
I admit that I did what I'd promised not to do.
I admit that I did what Tom asked me not to do.
I admit that I did what Tom said I shouldn't do.
I admit that I did what Tom told me not to do.
I admit that I didn't believe in your promises at first.
I admit that I didn't do that.
I admit that I didn't do what I promised I'd do.
I admit that I didn't do what I promised to do.
I admit that I didn't do what I said I'd do.
I admit that I didn't do what I was supposed to do.
I admit that I didn't do what Tom asked me to do.
I admit that I didn't do what Tom said I had to do.
I admit that I didn't do what Tom told me I had to do.
I admit that I didn't do what Tom told me I needed to do.
I admit that I didn't do what Tom told me I was supposed to do.
I admit that I didn't do what Tom told me to do.
I admit that I didn't do what Tom wanted me to do.
I admit that I do that.
I admit that I don't have all the answers.
I admit that I don't have the truth.
I admit that I don't like Tom very much.
I admit that I hit Tom.
I admit that I killed Tom.
I admit that I killed him.
I admit that I killed it.
I admit that I left early.
I admit that I lied.
I admit that I lost.
I admit that I made a mistake.
I admit that I often do that.
I admit that I shot Tom, but I swear it was in self-defense.
I admit that I sometimes cry.
I admit that I sometimes drive too fast.
I admit that I stole Mary's jewelry.
I admit that I was a little drunk.
I admit that I was careless.
I admit that I was curious.
I admit that I was hesitant to speak to you the first time I saw you.
I admit that I was mistaken.
I admit that I was overwhelmed.
I admit that I was reluctant at first.
I admit that I was skeptical at first.
I admit that I was surprised.
I admit that I was very reckless and that I received deserved criticism.
I admit that I was wrong.
I admit that I wasn't happy.
I admit that I wasn't sure.
I admit that I'd like to lock you up so that you can't escape me.
I admit that I'm a bit selfish.
I admit that I'm an alcoholic.
I admit that I'm not the tidiest person in the world.
I admit that I'm the one who did that.
I admit that I'm the one who stole the money.
I admit that I'm tired.
I admit that I'm wrong.
I admit that I've already forgotten what I wanted to say.
I admit that I've been careless.
I admit that I've been doing that for a long time.
I admit that I've been naughty.
I admit that I've despised Tom since the first time I met him.
I admit that I've done it.
I admit that I've done that.
I admit that I've never actually been to Australia.
I admit that I've never actually been to Boston.
I admit that I've never been to Australia.
I admit that I've never been to Boston.
I admit that I've never done that.
I admit that Tom and Mary were right.
I admit that Tom is right.
I admit that Tom was right.
I admit that at first I didn't like you.
I admit that doing that was a mistake.
I admit that he is right.
I admit that he is sincere.
I admit that if it weren't for him, the next ten years of my life would have been empty and devoid of purpose.
I admit that it doesn't feel bad at all.
I admit that it was a mistake.
I admit that it was my oversight.
I admit that it's strange.
I admit that my book is plagiarised. I can't face my readers.
I admit that the average Chilean is quite a cheater.
I admit that there are a few problems.
I admit that this may not be the best way of doing it.
I admit that this may not be the best way to do it.
I admit that what you say is true, but I don't like the way you say it.
I admit that what you say is true, but I don’t like the way you say it.
I admit that you told me the truth.
I admit that you've been a great help to me.
I admit that, without him, those ten years of my life would have been empty and without goals.
I admit there are a few problems.
I admit this is an ambiguous answer.
I admit this isn't an unambiguous answer.
I admit this may not be the best way of doing it.
I admit this may not be the best way to do it.
I admit to being careless.
I admit to having killed him.
I admit to not having the truth.
I admit you're right.
I admit you've been a great help to me.
I admit, I was hesitant to speak to you when I met you for the first time.
I admit, I'm not the tidiest person in the world.
I admit, I’m not the tidiest person in the world.
I admit, at that time I was a little drunk.
I admit, my wording is a bit direct.
I admitted I couldn't speak French.
I admitted I did it.
I admitted I did that.
I admitted I did what I promised not to do.
I admitted I did what I said I wouldn't do.
I admitted I did what I wasn't supposed to do.
I admitted I did what I'd promised not to do.
I admitted I did what Tom asked me not to do.
I admitted I did what Tom said I shouldn't do.
I admitted I did what Tom told me not to do.
I admitted I didn't do that.
I admitted I didn't do what I promised I'd do.
I admitted I didn't do what I promised to do.
I admitted I didn't do what I said I'd do.
I admitted I didn't do what I was supposed to do.
I admitted I didn't do what Tom asked me to do.
I admitted I didn't do what Tom had asked me to do.
I admitted I didn't do what Tom said I had to do.
I admitted I didn't do what Tom told me I had to do.
I admitted I didn't do what Tom told me I needed to do.
I admitted I didn't do what Tom told me I was supposed to do.
I admitted I didn't do what Tom told me to do.
I admitted I didn't do what Tom wanted me to do.
I admitted I didn't know how to do that.
I admitted I didn't know what to do.
I admitted I didn't like Tom very much.
I admitted I didn't really know how to do that.
I admitted I didn't really want to do that.
I admitted I didn't want to do that anymore.
I admitted I didn't want to do that.
I admitted I was arguing with Tom the day he was murdered.
I admitted I was tempted to do that.
I admitted I was the one who did that.
I admitted I was the one who had done that.
I admitted I was the one who'd done that.
I admitted I was wrong.
I admitted I wasn't actually the one who did that.
I admitted I wasn't really interested in doing that.
I admitted I wasn't the one who actually did that.
I admitted I'd been doing that for a long time.
I admitted I'd lied.
I admitted I'd made a mistake.
I admitted Tom was right.
I admitted as much.
I admitted defeat.
I admitted doing that.
I admitted my mistakes.
I admitted that I couldn't speak French.
I admitted that I did it.
I admitted that I did that.
I admitted that I did what I promised not to do.
I admitted that I did what I said I wouldn't do.
I admitted that I did what I wasn't supposed to do.
I admitted that I did what I'd promised not to do.
I admitted that I did what Tom asked me not to do.
I admitted that I did what Tom said I shouldn't do.
I admitted that I did what Tom told me not to do.
I admitted that I didn't do that.
I admitted that I didn't do what I promised I'd do.
I admitted that I didn't do what I promised to do.
I admitted that I didn't do what I said I'd do.
I admitted that I didn't do what I was supposed to do.
I admitted that I didn't do what Tom asked me to do.
I admitted that I didn't do what Tom had asked me to do.
I admitted that I didn't do what Tom said I had to do.
I admitted that I didn't do what Tom told me I had to do.
I admitted that I didn't do what Tom told me I needed to do.
I admitted that I didn't do what Tom told me I was supposed to do.
I admitted that I didn't do what Tom told me to do.
I admitted that I didn't do what Tom wanted me to do.
I admitted that I didn't know how to do that.
I admitted that I didn't know what to do.
I admitted that I didn't like Tom very much.
I admitted that I didn't really know how to do that.
I admitted that I didn't really want to do that.
I admitted that I didn't want to do that anymore.
I admitted that I didn't want to do that.
I admitted that I was arguing with Tom the day he was murdered.
I admitted that I was tempted to do that.
I admitted that I was the one who did that.
I admitted that I was the one who had done that.
I admitted that I was the one who'd done that.
I admitted that I was wrong.
I admitted that I wasn't actually the one who did that.
I admitted that I wasn't really interested in doing that.
I admitted that I wasn't the one who actually did that.
I admitted that I'd been doing that for a long time.
I admitted that I'd lied.
I admitted that Tom and Mary were right.
I admitted that Tom was right.
I admitted that he was right.
I admitted that she was right.
I admitted to Tom that I didn't know what I was doing.
I admitted to the murder.
I admonished him against smoking for the sake of his health.
I admonished him of the danger.
I adopted Tom's idea.
I adopted Tom.
I adopted a bear.
I adopted a kitten.
I adopted a puppy.
I adopted a stray kitten.
I adopted an orphan.
I adopted some Latin phrases, which seemed correct to me. I don't know why they weren't owned by anyone.
I adore Fridays!
I adore Sino-Tibetan languages.
I adore Tom.
I adore butterflies.
I adore children's unpredictability.
I adore comforts.
I adore elephants.
I adore going to the cinema.
I adore her daughter.
I adore her.
I adore him so much.
I adore him.
I adore his daughter.
I adore kids.
I adore linguistic diversity.
I adore listening to the rain outside the window while I'm snuggled up under the blankets.
I adore my clients.
I adore my family.
I adore my grandchildren.
I adore nature.
I adore poetry and music.
I adore that place.
I adore the French language.
I adore the jests from my homeland.
I adore the ocean.
I adore the opera.
I adore the sea.
I adore the sound of banjos.
I adore the sun.
I adore the sunshine.
I adore them.
I adore this chair.
I adore this film.
I adore this group.
I adore this musician.
I adore women's volleyball.
I adore you as if you were my brother.
I adore you, and everything in my mind revolves around you.
I adore you.
I adore your comments.
I adore your daughter.
I adore your hair.
I adore your hands.
I adore your smile.
I adore.
I adored Tom.
I adorned my room.
I advance.
I advanced the hands on the clock.
I advertised my car for sale.
I advertised my house in the newspaper.
I advise against going to Finland.
I advise customers.
I advise each and everyone of you to read the Quran.
I advise him to come back at once.
I advise that you do as I want.
I advise you against dating that guy.
I advise you all to get plenty of rest.
I advise you in my capacity as a doctor to stop smoking.
I advise you never to live beyond your income.
I advise you not to borrow money from your friends.
I advise you not to do that.
I advise you not to forgive him.
I advise you not to go.
I advise you not to help Tom anymore.
I advise you not to interfere.
I advise you not to keep company with Tom.
I advise you not to keep company with him.
I advise you not to sing.
I advise you not to walk home after dark.
I advise you not to walk home by yourself after dark.
I advise you to be careful in making notes for the lecture.
I advise you to be humble.
I advise you to be punctual.
I advise you to call home right away.
I advise you to call home.
I advise you to change clothes.
I advise you to do that as soon as possible.
I advise you to do that as soon as you can.
I advise you to do that before Tom and Mary get here.
I advise you to do that before Tom gets here.
I advise you to do that right away.
I advise you to do that soon.
I advise you to do that today.
I advise you to do that.
I advise you to do whatever Tom tells you to do.
I advise you to end the masquerade.
I advise you to give up drinking.
I advise you to go abroad while young.
I advise you to go home.
I advise you to go to Australia with Tom.
I advise you to go to Boston with Tom.
I advise you to just ignore Tom.
I advise you to leave.
I advise you to listen to Tom.
I advise you to listen to her.
I advise you to listen to him.
I advise you to listen to me.
I advise you to listen to them.
I advise you to listen to us.
I advise you to listen to your doctor.
I advise you to not discourage me!
I advise you to read Christopher Hitchens's books.
I advise you to read the poetry of the great Omar Khayyàm. You will see what he thinks of Islam!
I advise you to read this book.
I advise you to say nothing.
I advise you to simply ignore Tom.
I advise you to stay away from Tom.
I advise you to stop smoking.
I advise you to study French.
I advise you to study languages, so you can leave here when everything gets worse.
I advise you to tighten your belt and make do with less.
I advise you to try to speak more slowly.
I advise you to wait.
I advise you wear a heavy coat.
I advise you, don't mess with me, I know karate, kung fu, judo, taekwondo, jujutsu, and 28 other dangerous words!
I advised Tom against doing that.
I advised Tom not to agree to do that.
I advised Tom not to believe everything Mary says.
I advised Tom not to believe everything he read on the Web.
I advised Tom not to believe everything he read.
I advised Tom not to believe what Mary said.
I advised Tom not to believe what Mary says.
I advised Tom not to borrow too much money from Mary.
I advised Tom not to buy Mary's old computer.
I advised Tom not to buy a used car.
I advised Tom not to buy anything from that store.
I advised Tom not to do that too much.
I advised Tom not to do that.
I advised Tom not to drink too much.
I advised Tom not to drive too fast.
I advised Tom not to drive.
I advised Tom not to eat anything that Mary cooked.
I advised Tom not to eat the mushrooms he found in the woods.
I advised Tom not to eat the shrimp.
I advised Tom not to give up.
I advised Tom not to go out after dark by himself.
I advised Tom not to go out after dark.
I advised Tom not to go to Australia with Mary.
I advised Tom not to go to Australia.
I advised Tom not to go to Boston with Mary.
I advised Tom not to go.
I advised Tom not to leave his door unlocked.
I advised Tom not to leave his windows open at night.
I advised Tom not to stay out late at night.
I advised Tom not to stay up late at night.
I advised Tom not to wait any longer to do that.
I advised Tom not to waste his time trying to convince Mary to do that.
I advised Tom not to waste his time trying to do that.
I advised Tom not to waste his time trying to persuade Mary to do that.
I advised Tom that he should agree to do that.
I advised Tom to accept the money that was being offered.
I advised Tom to accept the offer.
I advised Tom to apply for the job.
I advised Tom to be more careful.
I advised Tom to be punctual.
I advised Tom to be there by 2:30.
I advised Tom to buy a new computer.
I advised Tom to buy that car.
I advised Tom to come back home as soon as he could.
I advised Tom to come back home as soon as possible.
I advised Tom to come by 2:30.
I advised Tom to come to Boston.
I advised Tom to consult a lawyer.
I advised Tom to do it.
I advised Tom to do that as soon as possible.
I advised Tom to do that.
I advised Tom to drink more milk.
I advised Tom to eat more vegetables.
I advised Tom to get divorced.
I advised Tom to get married.
I advised Tom to get more exercise.
I advised Tom to go home.
I advised Tom to go there by bicycle.
I advised Tom to go there.
I advised Tom to go to bed early.
I advised Tom to go to see a doctor.
I advised Tom to go to the dentist.
I advised Tom to go to the hospital.
I advised Tom to go to the police.
I advised Tom to keep his promise.
I advised Tom to keep it secret.
I advised Tom to learn French.
I advised Tom to learn karate.
I advised Tom to leave at once.
I advised Tom to leave early in the morning.
I advised Tom to leave early.
I advised Tom to leave his passport in the safe.
I advised Tom to leave right away.
I advised Tom to leave.
I advised Tom to lose some weight.
I advised Tom to not do that.
I advised Tom to not leave his door opened.
I advised Tom to not talk to Mary anymore.
I advised Tom to prepare them for his decision instead of just springing it on them suddenly.
I advised Tom to rest.
I advised Tom to save a little money each month.
I advised Tom to see a lawyer.
I advised Tom to see the dentist.
I advised Tom to sell the farm and live somewhere else.
I advised Tom to stay at home.
I advised Tom to stay away from Mary.
I advised Tom to stay in bed.
I advised Tom to stay where he was.
I advised Tom to stay.
I advised Tom to stop doing that.
I advised Tom to stop drinking.
I advised Tom to stop eating so much junk food.
I advised Tom to study French.
I advised Tom to study harder.
I advised Tom to take a break.
I advised Tom to take better care of himself.
I advised Tom to take my umbrella with him.
I advised Tom to take some time to think over his options.
I advised Tom to take the job.
I advised Tom to take the money he was being offered.
I advised Tom to take the money that was being offered.
I advised Tom to talk to a lawyer.
I advised Tom to tip generously.
I advised Tom to wait.
I advised Tom to work harder.
I advised Tom.
I advised her not to get back to Tom.
I advised her to be there by 9.00 at the latest.
I advised her to be there by nine at the latest.
I advised her to catch a morning train.
I advised her to come by 9:00.
I advised her to eat more healthily.
I advised her to stay.
I advised her to take the morning train.
I advised her to wait a little longer.
I advised him against smoking.
I advised him not to drive.
I advised him not to grieve over the past.
I advised him not to spend all his money on food.
I advised him on what books to read.
I advised him to be independent of his parents.
I advised him to come back at once.
I advised him to give up law study, because I believed that he'd waste his time and money.
I advised him to give up smoking, but he would not listen to me.
I advised him to give up smoking, but he wouldn't listen to me.
I advised him to give up smoking.
I advised him to keep that promise.
I advised him to keep the secret.
I advised him to rest.
I advised him to start earlier.
I advised him to stay.
I advised him to take a rest.
I advised my pupils not to smoke.
I advised the shy young man to declare his love for the beautiful girl.
I advised them to take the wrong route.
I advised you not to buy this house.
I advocate for open and honest dialogue.
I affected not to understand what he was saying.
I affected sensitivity.
I affirm emphatically that no professor has a moral right to treat anybody with this undisguised "insolence of office," or to use any weapon but reason in order to put down what he conceives to be errors in philosophy.
I affirmed that he was innocent.
I afterward sold them to enable me to buy R. Burton's Historical Collections.
I afterward sold them to enable me to buy R. Burton’s Historical Collections.
I age-regress when I'm overstressed.
I agree Tom is the one we should hire.
I agree completely with that.
I agree completely with you on this point.
I agree completely.
I agree completely. Athena was a complete failure as the so-called "goddess of wisdom."
I agree entirely with Tom.
I agree in principle.
I agree it should be illegal.
I agree it should be on the list.
I agree it's not easy.
I agree it's time for Tom to be promoted.
I agree on all three points.
I agree on an emotional level, but on the pragmatic level I disagree.
I agree on both points.
I agree one hundred percent with my opinion. Why don't you?
I agree one hundred percent.
I agree that Tom deserves a shot.
I agree that Tom is a pretty interesting guy.
I agree that it should be illegal.
I agree that it's won't be difficult to do that.
I agree that it's won't be hard to do that.
I agree that the feelings are indeed superfluous.
I agree that the feelings are meaningful.
I agree that the feelings are profound.
I agree that the feelings are significant.
I agree that there is still much work to be done in Algeria.
I agree that we need to fix this today.
I agree that we should ask Tom to do that.
I agree that we shouldn't do that.
I agree that we shouldn't leave early.
I agree that's a possibility.
I agree that's a problem.
I agree this is bad.
I agree to a certain extent.
I agree to do that.
I agree to do what you've asked me to do.
I agree to go with him.
I agree to help you.
I agree to his marrying her.
I agree to his plan.
I agree to his proposal.
I agree to the proposal in principle.
I agree to this plan.
I agree to write the report.
I agree to your plan.
I agree to your proposal.
I agree to your proposition.
I agree to your terms.
I agree totally.
I agree we're taking a risk.
I agree wholeheartedly with that.
I agree with Geordie's analysis.
I agree with Taro and Ayumi's proposal.
I agree with Tom 100% on this.
I agree with Tom a hundred percent.
I agree with Tom absolutely.
I agree with Tom and Mary's proposal.
I agree with Tom and Mary.
I agree with Tom on that point.
I agree with Tom on this issue.
I agree with Tom on this matter.
I agree with Tom on this point.
I agree with Tom on this.
I agree with Tom one hundred per cent.
I agree with Tom one hundred percent.
I agree with Tom's comments.
I agree with Tom's opinion.
I agree with Tom, too.
I agree with Tom.
I agree with all my heart.
I agree with almost everything Tom just said.
I agree with both Tom and Mary.
I agree with both of you.
I agree with everyone else.
I agree with everyone.
I agree with everything Tom just said.
I agree with everything Tom said at the meeting.
I agree with everything Tom said.
I agree with everything you just said.
I agree with everything you said.
I agree with everything you've said so far.
I agree with everything you've said.
I agree with her on this.
I agree with her.
I agree with him on that point.
I agree with him on this.
I agree with him to a certain extent, but not entirely.
I agree with him.
I agree with his idea.
I agree with his opinion.
I agree with his plan.
I agree with his suggestion.
I agree with most of what Tom said.
I agree with most of what he said.
I agree with most of what you said.
I agree with most of you.
I agree with most people here.
I agree with much of what Tom said.
I agree with part of this.
I agree with some of what Tom said.
I agree with some of what you said.
I agree with some of your opinions.
I agree with that decision.
I agree with that opinion.
I agree with that philosophy.
I agree with that statement.
I agree with that.
I agree with the ban in principle, but in practice it will be extremely difficult.
I agree with the ethics of the movement as a whole.
I agree with the opinion that real estate is overpriced.
I agree with the proposed offer.
I agree with the statement.
I agree with their plan.
I agree with them on this.
I agree with them that we should try again.
I agree with this opinion.
I agree with this proposal.
I agree with this statement.
I agree with this wholeheartedly.
I agree with what Tom said.
I agree with what Tom wrote.
I agree with what you said.
I agree with what you say to some extent.
I agree with what you say.
I agree with what you're saying.
I agree with what you've written.
I agree with you 100 percent.
I agree with you 100%.
I agree with you a hundred per cent.
I agree with you about that.
I agree with you absolutely.
I agree with you and Tom.
I agree with you both.
I agree with you completely.
I agree with you entirely.
I agree with you guys.
I agree with you here.
I agree with you in this respect.
I agree with you on that point.
I agree with you on that.
I agree with you on this issue.
I agree with you on this matter.
I agree with you on this one.
I agree with you on this point.
I agree with you on this.
I agree with you one hundred percent.
I agree with you that that's what needs to be done.
I agree with you that the actor is very talented.
I agree with you that today Spanish and Portuguese are as relevant as French, and much more relevant than Italian.
I agree with you that we need more women in this company.
I agree with you that we should try again.
I agree with you there.
I agree with you to a certain extent.
I agree with you to a degree.
I agree with you to some extent.
I agree with you totally.
I agree with you, Tom.
I agree with you, except for the part about the profits.
I agree with you, so there's no need to be so argumentative.
I agree with you.
I agree with you. It is a bad day, but we have to make light of it.
I agree with you. That's exactly how I see it.
I agree with your assessment.
I agree with your boyfriend.
I agree with your girlfriend.
I agree with your interpretation to a large extent.
I agree with your opinion about taxes.
I agree with your opinion.
I agree with your proposal.
I agree with your sentiment.
I agree with your suggestion.
I agree!
I agree! He is cute!
I agree.
I agree. He's sure been the king of the hill since we brought him home.
I agree. He’s sure been the king of the hill since we brought him home.
I agree. I also tend to omit the comma in short sentences.
I agreed immediately.
I agreed not to do that.
I agreed that we should do that.
I agreed that we shouldn't do that.
I agreed to accept Tom's offer.
I agreed to ask Tom to do that.
I agreed to be there by 2:30.
I agreed to buy it for three hundred dollars.
I agreed to buy it.
I agreed to come alone.
I agreed to come back.
I agreed to come.
I agreed to do it.
I agreed to do so.
I agreed to do that.
I agreed to do what they've asked me to do.
I agreed to go to Australia with Tom.
I agreed to go to Australia.
I agreed to go to Boston with Tom.
I agreed to go to Boston.
I agreed to go with Tom.
I agreed to go with her to Kabylie.
I agreed to go.
I agreed to have a drink with Tom after work.
I agreed to have dinner with Tom.
I agreed to have dinner with him.
I agreed to help Tom do that.
I agreed to help Tom find a job.
I agreed to help Tom with his work.
I agreed to help Tom.
I agreed to help her.
I agreed to help him in his work.
I agreed to help him.
I agreed to help them.
I agreed to help.
I agreed to her suggestion that we meet again five years from then.
I agreed to leave early.
I agreed to let Tom do that.
I agreed to let Tom go.
I agreed to listen to Tom.
I agreed to meet Tom after school.
I agreed to meet Tom in front of the school at 2:30.
I agreed to meet Tom in front of the station.
I agreed to meet Tom next Monday.
I agreed to meet up with him at the grocery store at three in the afternoon.
I agreed to pay Tom what he asked for.
I agreed to sing at Tom and Mary's wedding.
I agreed to split the bill with Tom.
I agreed to split the money with Tom.
I agreed to stay.
I agreed to take on the job realizing that I had no choice.
I agreed to teach Tom French.
I agreed to that.
I agreed to the proposal.
I agreed to wait.
I agreed to write that letter.
I agreed with Tom.
I agreed with her suggestion that we meet again five years from then.
I agreed with her suggestion that we meet again in five years.
I agreed with her.
I agreed with him on that point.
I agreed with him on the plan.
I agreed with him on the time we should meet.
I agreed with his plan.
I agreed with that.
I agreed with the verdict.
I agreed with you in all your views.
I agreed without much thought.
I agreed.
I aim at ducks, but I don't shoot them.
I aim for excellence in all areas of my life.
I aim for respectful communication in all situations.
I aim to accomplish something extraordinary.
I aim to achieve an extraordinary objective.
I aim to address any misconceptions he might have.
I aim to be a doctor when I grow up.
I aim to be a writer.
I aim to be faithful to only one man.
I aim to become fluent enough in this language that I no longer rely on Google Translate.
I aim to bring about substantial change.
I aim to change that.
I aim to create a trusting parent-child relationship.
I aim to embark on a new journey in my life.
I aim to remain patient while seeking answers.
I aim to safeguard my heart.
I aim to transform my disappointment into motivation.
I aimed at a sparrow, but shot down a goose.
I aimed at the tiger and fired, but missed him.
I aimed my gun at the target.
I aimed to honor the chance I was given.
I ain't afeared of dyin'.
I ain't afeared of dying.
I ain't afraid of dying.
I ain't doing that!
I ain't got all day.
I ain't got no kids yet.
I ain't got nobody.
I ain't helping you no matter what.
I ain't mad at you.
I ain't no fool.
I ain't no quitter.
I ain't selling my panties.
I ain't that soft, y'know!
I ain't worried about what he might say.
I ain't you.
I alerted the authorities.
I alerted the police.
I all but lost you in the crowd.
I allege that you are wrong, so I don't want to say a word anymore.
I allow Tom do that anytime he wants to.
I allow Tom to do that.
I allow Tom to do this.
I allow Tom to do what he wants.
I allow for the unexpected.
I allow my children to do that.
I allow my children to do what they want to do.
I allow my children to do what they want.
I allow my kids to do that.
I allow myself no sweets.
I allow that.
I allowed Kate to go home.
I allowed Tom do that anytime he wanted to.
I allowed Tom do what he wanted to do.
I allowed Tom to do it.
I allowed Tom to do that.
I allowed Tom to do what he wanted.
I allowed Tom to drive my car.
I allowed Tom to go home.
I allowed Tom to kiss me.
I allowed Tom to leave early today.
I allowed Tom to speak.
I allowed a margin of ten minutes.
I allowed her to do what she likes.
I allowed her to go to the party.
I allowed him to do what he wants.
I allowed him to kiss me.
I allowed my dog to run freely.
I allowed my horse run.
I allowed my horse to run.
I allowed my sister to use my new computer.
I allowed you to do everything, except that.
I almost agree with Tom.
I almost agree with her.
I almost agree with him.
I almost agree with them.
I almost agreed to do that, but then I remembered what happened the last time I did that.
I almost agreed to do that.
I almost always agree with Tom.
I almost always agree with you, don't I?
I almost always arrive on time or a few minutes early.
I almost always arrive on time.
I almost always cry when I get emotional.
I almost always do that after dinner.
I almost always do that alone.
I almost always do that by myself.
I almost always do that in the afternoon.
I almost always do that right after breakfast.
I almost always do that.
I almost always do what I say I'll do.
I almost always eat alone.
I almost always eat breakfast by myself.
I almost always eat eggs for breakfast.
I almost always eat lunch with Tom.
I almost always eat oatmeal for breakfast.
I almost always get home before 5:30.
I almost always get home from school before 5:30.
I almost always get places on time.
I almost always get to places on time.
I almost always get up before dawn.
I almost always go to bed before midnight.
I almost always go to school by bicycle.
I almost always go to work by car.
I almost always ignore Tom's advice.
I almost always play baseball after school.
I almost always play golf on weekends.
I almost always speak French with Tom.
I almost always take a bath before dinner.
I almost always take a shower in the morning before going to school.
I almost always walk to work.
I almost always wear a hat when I go outside.
I almost always wear a hat.
I almost always wear dark clothes.
I almost always wear sunglasses when I go outside.
I almost always wear sunglasses.
I almost always wear suspenders.
I almost always win arguments.
I almost always win.
I almost became a carpenter.
I almost became a paramedic.
I almost became nauseated.
I almost believe I could do that.
I almost believe you.
I almost believed it.
I almost believed what Tom said.
I almost blurted out the truth.
I almost bought one of those.
I almost bought that same tie.
I almost broke the chair.
I almost bumped into Tom.
I almost called Tom again today.
I almost called Tom.
I almost called her.
I almost called him.
I almost called off the wedding.
I almost called them.
I almost called you Tom.
I almost called you.
I almost caught Tom.
I almost caught the ball.
I almost caught the fish.
I almost choked on a piece of chicken bone.
I almost choked when I heard the whistle.
I almost choked.
I almost collided with Thomas.
I almost convinced Tom to do that.
I almost convinced Tom.
I almost couldn't believe it.
I almost couldn't close the suitcase.
I almost cried in the video.
I almost cried too!
I almost cried when Tom left.
I almost cried, too.
I almost cried.
I almost cut myself.
I almost decided to give up doing that.
I almost did it.
I almost did that when I was in Australia.
I almost did that when I was in Boston.
I almost did that yesterday.
I almost did that.
I almost did what you're accusing me of, but I didn't.
I almost didn't believe.
I almost didn't come home for Christmas.
I almost didn't come.
I almost didn't dare breathe so he wouldn't hear me.
I almost didn't do that yesterday.
I almost didn't do that.
I almost didn't get there in time.
I almost didn't get to meet Tom.
I almost didn't get to the meeting on time.
I almost didn't go to Tom's concert.
I almost didn't go to Tom's party.
I almost didn't graduate this year.
I almost didn't have enough money to pay my bills last month.
I almost didn't have time to do that.
I almost didn't kiss Tom yesterday.
I almost didn't make it to shore.
I almost didn't meet her.
I almost didn't pass that test.
I almost didn't recognize Tom.
I almost didn't recognize you.
I almost didn't see Tom.
I almost didn't see you.
I almost didn't send that letter to Tom.
I almost didn't sing that song tonight.
I almost didn't sleep.
I almost didn't visit Australia.
I almost didn't visit Boston.
I almost didn't wait for you.
I almost didn't win.
I almost didn’t meet her.
I almost die laughing at the things he says.
I almost died a year and a half ago.
I almost died after hearing this.
I almost died in that accident.
I almost died last night.
I almost died last weekend.
I almost died last year in a car accident.
I almost died laughing!
I almost died laughing.
I almost died making that video.
I almost died of boredom.
I almost died of embarrassment.
I almost died of fright the moment I saw him.
I almost died of thirst.
I almost died swimming in the lake.
I almost died that day.
I almost died that night.
I almost died there.
I almost died today.
I almost died trying to save Tom.
I almost died upon hearing this.
I almost died when I fell off the bridge.
I almost died when I fell off the roof.
I almost died when I heard this.
I almost died when I was in Australia.
I almost died when I was in Boston.
I almost died while walking there.
I almost died with embarrassment when I fell over in the street.
I almost died yesterday.
I almost died, but I'm OK now.
I almost died.
I almost don't go out of my house.
I almost dozed off.
I almost drank from Tom's cup.
I almost dropped a plate.
I almost dropped my cellphone into the pool.
I almost dropped my sandwich.
I almost dropped the plates.
I almost drowned in my swimming pool.
I almost drowned in the river.
I almost drowned last summer.
I almost drowned, but I made it to the surface in time.
I almost drowned.
I almost fainted from fear.
I almost fainted from the fear.
I almost fainted.
I almost feel bad for Tom.
I almost feel bad for Tom. Almost.
I almost feel guilty.
I almost feel sorry for Tom.
I almost feel sorry for her.
I almost feel sorry for him.
I almost feel sorry for them.
I almost feel sorry for you.
I almost fell down.
I almost fell for it.
I almost fell for my own trap.
I almost fell in the shower.
I almost fell in.
I almost fell into the pool.
I almost fell off my chair.
I almost fell off my horse.
I almost fell off the cliff.
I almost fell when the tram abruptly took off.
I almost fell.
I almost felt bad for her.
I almost felt bad for him.
I almost felt sorry for Tom.
I almost felt sorry for her.
I almost felt sorry for him.
I almost finished.
I almost forget to mention that.
I almost forgot about Tom's existence.
I almost forgot about all that.
I almost forgot about him.
I almost forgot about it.
I almost forgot about my meeting with Tom.
I almost forgot about the conference.
I almost forgot about the meeting.
I almost forgot all about that.
I almost forgot it.
I almost forgot my lunch.
I almost forgot my money.
I almost forgot my passport.
I almost forgot my umbrella at school.
I almost forgot my umbrella.
I almost forgot that I had French class today.
I almost forgot that it was Tom's birthday.
I almost forgot that it was her birthday.
I almost forgot that it was his birthday.
I almost forgot to ask him what his name was.
I almost forgot to bring my lunch.
I almost forgot to buy milk.
I almost forgot to do my homework.
I almost forgot to do that.
I almost forgot to lock the door.
I almost forgot to mail the letter.
I almost forgot to pay my bills last month.
I almost forgot to pay the rent.
I almost forgot to put my passport in my pocket.
I almost forgot to say that Marie is at the hospital.
I almost forgot to show Tom how to do that.
I almost forgot to show you how to do that.
I almost forgot to take an umbrella with me.
I almost forgot to tell Tom about the party.
I almost forgot to tell Tom about tomorrow's meeting.
I almost forgot to tell Tom how to do that.
I almost forgot to tell Tom to do that.
I almost forgot to tell Tom what day the concert was.
I almost forgot to tell Tom what he had to do.
I almost forgot to tell Tom what he needed to do.
I almost forgot to tell Tom what to do.
I almost forgot to tell you about what happened.
I almost forgot to tell you how to do it.
I almost forgot to tell you how to do that.
I almost forgot to tell you the big news.
I almost forgot to tell you why I'm here.
I almost forgot to turn off the stove.
I almost forgot what Tom and Mary were like.
I almost forgot what Tom was like.
I almost forgot what it was like to be hungry.
I almost forgot where I was.
I almost forgot.
I almost froze to death when I fell down in the snow and had trouble getting up.
I almost froze to death when I fell through the ice.
I almost froze to death.
I almost gave up the whole affair.
I almost gave up.
I almost gifted him my motorbike.
I almost got a little stuffed mushroom-head guy, but I didn't quite have the money.
I almost got a perfect score.
I almost got away with it.
I almost got caught a few times.
I almost got caught in my own trap.
I almost got caught.
I almost got fired.
I almost got hit by a bus.
I almost got hit by a car this morning.
I almost got hit by a car today.
I almost got hit by a car.
I almost got hit by a truck.
I almost got hit by the ball.
I almost got it right.
I almost got killed when I went into the burning house to save Tom.
I almost got killed.
I almost got my fingers burned.
I almost got my fingers burnt.
I almost got myself fired.
I almost got myself killed.
I almost got myself terminated.
I almost got robbed.
I almost got run over by a truck.
I almost had a heart attack.
I almost had a nervous breakdown.
I almost had an accident.
I almost had enough money to buy everything I needed.
I almost had it.
I almost have enough time to do that today.
I almost hit Tom.
I almost hit a telephone pole.
I almost hope that doesn't happen.
I almost hope that happens.
I almost hope that that doesn't happen.
I almost hope that that happens.
I almost hugged Mary.
I almost hurt myself trying to do that.
I almost injured myself trying to do that.
I almost killed Tom.
I almost killed myself doing that.
I almost killed myself hang gliding.
I almost killed myself snowboarding.
I almost killed myself three years ago.
I almost killed myself trying to do that.
I almost killed myself when I accidentally shot myself.
I almost kissed Mary.
I almost kissed Tom yesterday.
I almost kissed Tom, but I decided not to.
I almost kissed Tom.
I almost kissed her.
I almost kissed him.
I almost laughed out loud.
I almost laughed.
I almost left early.
I almost left my brolly on the train.
I almost left my umbrella in the train.
I almost left my umbrella on the bus.
I almost left my umbrella on the train.
I almost lose my life to save her, but she never admitted it.
I almost lost an eye.
I almost lost my balance.
I almost lost my mind.
I almost lost my wallet.
I almost lost the game.
I almost made a mistake.
I almost married Tom.
I almost missed my bus.
I almost missed my stop.
I almost missed my train this morning.
I almost missed my train.
I almost missed the bus.
I almost missed the deadline.
I almost missed the train.
I almost never agree with Tom.
I almost never agree with you, do I?
I almost never ask questions.
I almost never ask why.
I almost never buy chocolate bars.
I almost never buy chocolate.
I almost never call Tom.
I almost never come here anymore.
I almost never come to Boston anymore.
I almost never complain about anything.
I almost never cry.
I almost never did that.
I almost never do anything new.
I almost never do that alone.
I almost never do that anymore.
I almost never do that at home.
I almost never do that before lunch.
I almost never do that by myself.
I almost never do that here.
I almost never do that in the evening.
I almost never do that in the morning.
I almost never do that on Mondays.
I almost never do that when I'm in Australia.
I almost never do that when I'm in Boston.
I almost never do that while I'm driving.
I almost never do that with Tom.
I almost never do that.
I almost never do this kind of thing.
I almost never do what Tom says I have to do.
I almost never drink beer before noon.
I almost never drink instant coffee.
I almost never drink milk.
I almost never drink.
I almost never eat anything sweet.
I almost never eat beef.
I almost never eat breakfast.
I almost never eat chicken.
I almost never eat dessert.
I almost never eat fish.
I almost never eat fruit.
I almost never eat game meat.
I almost never eat ice cream.
I almost never eat junk food.
I almost never eat lunch at home.
I almost never eat lunch with Tom.
I almost never eat meat.
I almost never eat out.
I almost never eat pork.
I almost never eat with chopsticks.
I almost never feel like giving advice to others, I think it is not only useless but in many cases harmful.
I almost never get angry at anyone.
I almost never get angry.
I almost never get nervous.
I almost never get scared.
I almost never get sick.
I almost never get up before dawn.
I almost never get up this early.
I almost never get what I ask for.
I almost never go fishing anymore.
I almost never go out after dark.
I almost never go out on weekends.
I almost never go swimming anymore.
I almost never go to Boston anymore.
I almost never go to Boston.
I almost never go to art museums.
I almost never go to bed before midnight.
I almost never go to church.
I almost never go to movies.
I almost never go to places like that.
I almost never have nightmares.
I almost never hear Tom speaking French.
I almost never help Tom with his homework.
I almost never hug Tom anymore.
I almost never kiss my children anymore.
I almost never kiss my children.
I almost never laugh anymore.
I almost never laugh.
I almost never leave early.
I almost never leave the house anymore.
I almost never leave the house.
I almost never lie.
I almost never listen to the radio.
I almost never make a mistake.
I almost never make mistakes when writing in French.
I almost never make mistakes.
I almost never make these kinds of mistakes.
I almost never met her.
I almost never put sugar in my coffee.
I almost never read fiction.
I almost never read novels in French.
I almost never read novels.
I almost never read science fiction.
I almost never remember dreams.
I almost never sleep past 6:30 in the morning.
I almost never smile anymore.
I almost never speak French anymore.
I almost never speak French.
I almost never stay up all night.
I almost never stay up this late.
I almost never use Facebook anymore.
I almost never use Facebook.
I almost never use my phone anymore.
I almost never use my phone.
I almost never use this computer anymore.
I almost never wait for people.
I almost never walk anywhere anymore.
I almost never walk anywhere nowadays.
I almost never walk anywhere.
I almost never watch TV anymore.
I almost never watch TV nowadays.
I almost never watch TV.
I almost never wear a hat anymore.
I almost never wear a hat nowadays.
I almost never wear a hat these days.
I almost never wear a hat.
I almost never wear a tie.
I almost never wear makeup.
I almost never win at chess.
I almost never work on Monday.
I almost never work on Saturdays.
I almost opened the wrong door.
I almost passed out from fright.
I almost passed out from the heat.
I almost passed out from the pain.
I almost passed out.
I almost poisoned myself.
I almost pushed the wrong button.
I almost quarrelled with him.
I almost quit my job today.
I almost ran off the road.
I almost ran the marathon last year.
I almost regret talking about myself through virtual means.
I almost sat in the front.
I almost shot you.
I almost slapped Tom.
I almost smiled.
I almost sneezed.
I almost spilled coffee on my keyboard.
I almost spilled my coffee.
I almost spilled the coffee on my keyboard.
I almost started to cry.
I almost starved to death from being wedgied on a flagpole for a week.
I almost stayed in Australia for another month.
I almost stayed in Boston for another day.
I almost stepped on a skunk last night.
I almost suffocated.
I almost think you're right.
I almost think you’re right.
I almost threw up.
I almost told Mary what you told me not to tell her.
I almost told Tom and Mary what you told me not to tell them.
I almost told Tom that I loved him.
I almost told Tom what you told me not to tell him.
I almost touched your hand this time.
I almost tripped.
I almost understood it all.
I almost understood the entire thing!
I almost wanted to give up.
I almost went crazy with fear.
I almost went fishing yesterday.
I almost went skiing last weekend.
I almost went to Australia instead of New Zealand.
I almost went to Australia last month.
I almost went to Australia last summer.
I almost went to Boston instead of Chicago.
I almost went to Boston last summer.
I almost went to Boston last weekend.
I almost wish I could be in your shoes.
I almost wish I were going to Australia with you.
I almost wish I were going to Boston with you.
I almost wish I'd never done that.
I almost wish I'd never met Tom.
I almost wish I'd never met you.
I almost wish that I could be in your shoes.
I almost wish that I were going to Australia with you.
I almost wish that I were going to Boston with you.
I almost wish we'd done that.
I almost won the race.
I almost won.
I almost yelled at Tom.
I alone did it.
I alone know the absolute truth of the matter, and I am satisfied that the time has come when no good purpose is to be served by its suppression.
I already answered that question.
I already answered.
I already apologized.
I already arrived!
I already asked her.
I already assumed that.
I already ate dinner.
I already ate.
I already believe it.
I already bought it.
I already bought my ticket to Australia.
I already bought my ticket to Boston.
I already called Tom.
I already called him.
I already called.
I already can't find the way home.
I already checked.
I already did it.
I already did my homework at school.
I already did that twice today.
I already did that.
I already did the assignment beforehand.
I already don't believe in friendship.
I already don't even remember who started first.
I already don't remember what we had for dinner yesterday.
I already drank all the water I brought with me.
I already drank coffee.
I already exist.
I already explained all that.
I already explained all this to them.
I already explained everything to her.
I already explained everything to him.
I already explained everything.
I already explained it many times.
I already explained it several times.
I already explained it so many times.
I already explained to you that I was over Tom.
I already feel at home.
I already feel better about that.
I already feel better.
I already feel different.
I already feel like things are getting better.
I already feel much better.
I already feel relaxed.
I already figured that out years ago.
I already figured that out.
I already filled out the form.
I already filled out the whole form.
I already forgot what I wanted to say.
I already forgot what happened.
I already gave Tom your number.
I already gave her your number.
I already gave him your number.
I already gave it to Tom.
I already gave the children their bath.
I already gave them your number.
I already gave you half.
I already got thirsty.
I already hate you.
I already have a bus ticket.
I already have a clarinet.
I already have a family.
I already have a father.
I already have a girlfriend.
I already have a job.
I already have a kid.
I already have a lot of requests.
I already have a mother.
I already have a plan.
I already have a plate, thank you.
I already have a table like that.
I already have a ticket.
I already have an envelope.
I already have an iPad.
I already have butterflies in my stomach.
I already have enough money.
I already have enough to worry about.
I already have everything.
I already have my hands full.
I already have my orders.
I already have my things.
I already have one of these.
I already have one of those.
I already have one.
I already have other plans for tomorrow.
I already have other plans.
I already have plans for this evening.
I already have plans for this weekend.
I already have plans for tonight.
I already have someone for the job.
I already have something planned for Friday, so I won't be able to make it to the drinking session.
I already have something planned for Friday, so I won’t be able to make it to the drinking session.
I already have the love of my life.
I already have the money.
I already have the storyline.
I already have the tickets.
I already have the wedding ring.
I already have the wedding rings.
I already have them.
I already have this book.
I already have three grandchildren.
I already heard this once.
I already intend to do that.
I already knew I am a blue blood.
I already knew Tom could do that.
I already knew Tom couldn't do that.
I already knew Tom was going to do that.
I already knew Tom was planning on doing that.
I already knew Tom was planning to do that.
I already knew Tom wasn't planning on doing that.
I already knew Tom wasn't planning to do that.
I already knew about it.
I already knew about this.
I already knew everyone.
I already knew her by reputation.
I already knew him by reputation.
I already knew it.
I already knew that Tom could do that.
I already knew that Tom couldn't do that.
I already knew that Tom didn't know how to do that.
I already knew that Tom spoke French fluently.
I already knew that Tom was going to do that.
I already knew that Tom was planning on doing that.
I already knew that Tom was planning to do that.
I already knew that Tom wasn't planning on doing that.
I already knew that Tom wasn't planning to do that.
I already knew that she had become engaged.
I already knew that.
I already knew the outcome.
I already knew the truth.
I already knew this.
I already knew who you are.
I already knew.
I already know Berber.
I already know English.
I already know French.
I already know Tom did that.
I already know Tom doesn't like me.
I already know Tom doesn't plan to be here today.
I already know Tom is a liberal.
I already know Tom isn't a very nice guy.
I already know Tom isn't going to do that.
I already know Tom plans to do that tomorrow.
I already know Tom's opinion.
I already know Tom.
I already know a little French.
I already know a lot about that.
I already know about it.
I already know about that.
I already know everything.
I already know her name at least.
I already know her name.
I already know his name.
I already know how Tom feels about this.
I already know how to dance.
I already know how to do it.
I already know how to do that.
I already know how to drive.
I already know how to solve this problem.
I already know how to swim.
I already know quite a bit about you.
I already know quite a lot about you.
I already know some French.
I already know that Tom and Mary don't like me.
I already know that Tom and Mary don't plan to be here today.
I already know that Tom did that.
I already know that Tom doesn't like me.
I already know that Tom doesn't plan to be here today.
I already know that Tom isn't a very nice guy.
I already know that Tom isn't going to do that.
I already know that Tom plans to do that tomorrow.
I already know that everyone whispers behind my back.
I already know that guy's name.
I already know that kind of proposal.
I already know that they're not hiring.
I already know that you did that.
I already know that you want to quit your job.
I already know that you were the one who did that.
I already know that you're crazy.
I already know that.
I already know the answer to that question.
I already know the answer to that.
I already know the answer to that; the answer is yes.
I already know the answer.
I already know the names of the colors in English.
I already know the process.
I already know the secret.
I already know the truth.
I already know the whole multiplication table.
I already know they're not hiring.
I already know this.
I already know what I have to do.
I already know what I need to do.
I already know what I should do.
I already know what I wanted to know.
I already know what I'll do.
I already know what I'm going to do.
I already know what Mary and her siblings would ask for, but what would you ask for?
I already know what Tom and Mary are doing.
I already know what Tom and Mary are going to do.
I already know what Tom and Mary are planning to do.
I already know what Tom and Mary have done.
I already know what Tom and Mary plan to do.
I already know what Tom and Mary think.
I already know what Tom and Mary want to do.
I already know what Tom did.
I already know what Tom has done.
I already know what Tom intends to do.
I already know what Tom is doing.
I already know what Tom is going to do.
I already know what Tom is like.
I already know what Tom is planning to do.
I already know what Tom plans to do.
I already know what Tom thinks.
I already know what Tom wants to do.
I already know what Tom wants to tell me.
I already know what Tom will do.
I already know what Tom's opinion is.
I already know what happened.
I already know what it is.
I already know what my opinions are.
I already know what needs to be done.
I already know what the answer is.
I already know what the theme of the radio programme will be.
I already know what to do.
I already know what you want!
I already know what you want.
I already know what you're going to say.
I already know what your opinion is.
I already know what's wrong.
I already know where Tom and Mary live.
I already know where Tom and Mary work.
I already know where Tom lives.
I already know where Tom works.
I already know where it is.
I already know where you live.
I already know who I'm voting for.
I already know who can help you.
I already know who did it.
I already know who did that.
I already know who you are.
I already know why Tom did that.
I already know why Tom didn't do that.
I already know why Tom didn't leave early.
I already know why Tom didn't win.
I already know why Tom doesn't like Mary.
I already know why you're here.
I already know you did that.
I already know you want to quit your job.
I already know you were the one who did that.
I already know you're crazy.
I already know your opinion.
I already know your secret.
I already know.
I already left a message.
I already like you.
I already looked in the back.
I already made the reservations.
I already miss Tom.
I already miss fall.
I already miss her.
I already miss him.
I already miss it.
I already miss them.
I already noticed that.
I already ordered the pizza.
I already ordered.
I already plan on doing that.
I already plan to do that.
I already prayed.
I already put it in my bag!
I already put salt in the pasta.
I already put the wood in the fireplace.
I already quit.
I already read all the Harry Potter books.
I already regret doing that.
I already regret it.
I already regret not doing that.
I already regret not going.
I already returned home.
I already said I don't know how to dance.
I already said I don't know how to do that.
I already said I don't know what to do.
I already said I don't know who took Tom.
I already said I'm not going.
I already said no.
I already said that.
I already said yes.
I already saw him.
I already saw it.
I already saw this thing.
I already saw this.
I already sent an email to the Support department.
I already sent an email to the support team.
I already smell the salty tang of the ocean.
I already sold that.
I already speak French.
I already speak Italian.
I already speak a little German!
I already spoke to Tom.
I already spoke to her.
I already spoke to him.
I already spoke to someone in Tom's office.
I already spoke to them.
I already swiped the card.
I already talked to the cops.
I already talked to this student.
I already thanked Tom.
I already think you're crazy.
I already thought as much.
I already thought of that.
I already thought that that was the case.
I already thought that was the case.
I already thought you would never ask it.
I already told Tom everything I know.
I already told Tom everything.
I already told Tom that I don't know how to do that.
I already told Tom that.
I already told Tom what I want to buy.
I already told Tom.
I already told her that.
I already told her.
I already told him that.
I already told him.
I already told my friends that I was going.
I already told my parents.
I already told them that.
I already told them.
I already told you I'm not quitting.
I already told you everything I know.
I already told you he isn't here.
I already told you he isn’t here.
I already told you it was an accident.
I already told you no.
I already told you not to smoke in your room.
I already told you that a hundred times.
I already told you that it won't work.
I already told you that she isn't here.
I already told you that she isn’t here.
I already told you that she's not here.
I already told you that you have to ask your mother first.
I already told you that.
I already told you what happened.
I already told you why.
I already told you, I'm not the one who did it.
I already told you.
I already told your parents.
I already took care of it.
I already took off my sweater.
I already took the pies out of the oven.
I already tried a couple of times.
I already tried that.
I already tried to do so. I didn't get it yet...
I already turned my computer off.
I already voted by mail.
I already want to read them.
I already weigh enough.
I already went to the butcher's shop this morning.
I already wrote it in Kabyle on Tatoeba; it's even been a long time.
I already wrote something in English, but you didn't like it.
I already wrote the sentence.
I also acknowledge my mistakes.
I also agree with Tom.
I also agree.
I also asked myself that same question.
I also ate ice cream.
I also became close to nature, and am now able to appreciate the beauty with which this world is endowed.
I also believe that.
I also bought Tom some food.
I also bought a dozen eggs.
I also bought one.
I also bought some food for Tom.
I also brought some gruel I made. It just needs warming up.
I also checked the tire pressures.
I also come from France.
I also contacted the police.
I also cried.
I also decided to stay.
I also did not call.
I also did that.
I also didn't know that you would come here.
I also digitized it and made a desktop image.
I also don't know all the 160,000 headwords of this dictionary.
I also don't think Tom can do that.
I also don't think Tom has to do that.
I also don't think Tom is going to do that.
I also don't think Tom is very good at doing that.
I also don't think Tom needs to do that.
I also don't think Tom really has to do that.
I also don't think Tom really needs to do that.
I also don't think Tom should do that.
I also don't think Tom wants to do that.
I also don't think Tom will do that.
I also don't think that Tom can do that.
I also don't think that Tom has to do that.
I also don't think that Tom is going to do that.
I also don't think that Tom is very good at doing that.
I also don't think that Tom needs to do that.
I also don't think that Tom really has to do that.
I also don't think that Tom really needs to do that.
I also don't think that Tom should do that.
I also don't think that Tom wants to do that.
I also don't think that Tom will do that.
I also don't think that that's going to happen.
I also don't think that's going to happen.
I also don't understand this.
I also don't want one.
I also drink two cups of tea.
I also enjoy traveling.
I also enjoy writing a lot.
I also feel bad.
I also feel more at ease when my wife is not around.
I also feel nothing.
I also feel the same way.
I also found every letter he had ever written to my mother.
I also found this.
I also gave him a little something as a Christmas present the other day.
I also got it.
I also grew up without a father.
I also had a very good time.
I also had my doubts about that.
I also had some disappointments.
I also had something else to tell you, but I forgot it.
I also have a bad memory.
I also have a bit of money, just in case.
I also have a brother.
I also have a couple of questions.
I also have a daughter.
I also have a house in Australia.
I also have a house in Boston.
I also have a house on Park Street.
I also have a motorcycle.
I also have a question.
I also have a sister.
I also have a son.
I also have doubts about that.
I also have it all on tape.
I also have my own media company in Kabylie.
I also have something I must say.
I also have to do that.
I also heard a similar story.
I also heard that it'd been awful around the Olympic Flame.
I also heard that it’d been awful around the Olympic Flame.
I also helped out.
I also hope for sunny weather at the weekend.
I also kissed Tom.
I also know Tom isn't stupid.
I also know a thing or two about cooking.
I also know how to TIG weld.
I also know how to cook.
I also know how to ride a horse.
I also know that Tom and Mary aren't stupid.
I also know that Tom isn't stupid.
I also know that you have always wanted to learn French.
I also know that you want to start talking to me.
I also know the job won't be very well done.
I also know the job won’t be very well done.
I also learned to admire these chess players: Smyslov, Spassky, Karpov, Kasparov, Keres, and Carlsen. There are, therefore, twelve great chess players of my choice.
I also left early.
I also like Australia.
I also like apples.
I also like cake.
I also like cakes.
I also like candy.
I also like cats.
I also like chocolate.
I also like dogs.
I also like listening to music on the radio.
I also like painting.
I also like perfume tea.
I also like swimming.
I also like the Brazo de Mercedes.
I also like this singer's voice.
I also like this singer’s voice.
I also like to listen to music.
I also like writing.
I also like you.
I also live in Australia.
I also live in the village.
I also lived in Australia for three years.
I also lived in Boston for three years.
I also lived in Hamburg.
I also lived in the village.
I also lost my cell phone!
I also love drinking milk.
I also love to cook.
I also met Yidir from Algeria.
I also miss him.
I also need a pillow.
I also need to buy some sugar.
I also need to do that.
I also need to get people to understand the real me! My forceful behaviour is one way I try to do this!
I also need to improve my English.
I also need to talk to Tom.
I also need to talk with her.
I also need your e-mail address.
I also noticed that and found it funny.
I also noticed that.
I also often experience loneliness.
I also plan on doing that.
I also plan to do that.
I also plan to visit Australia.
I also plan to visit Boston.
I also play keyboard in my band.
I also play tennis.
I also play the harp.
I also play the trombone.
I also prefer it with the hair worn up.
I also prefer white chocolate to regular chocolate.
I also put my pens in the drawer.
I also put the ketchup in the refrigerator.
I also read that book.
I also really had the feeling of having had a relaxed day with my family for the first time in a long while.
I also really liked him.
I also received advice from my superior.
I also recommend to visit at least one city which is usually not visited by tourists.
I also run my own website, to try and record my progress and to help other people a little bit.
I also showed an example of a simple but complete plugin system for an application, all written in Python.
I also speak Berber with my mother-in-law.
I also speak French.
I also speak Spanish.
I also speak a little French.
I also spoke to Tom.
I also stayed in Australia for a while.
I also stayed in Boston for a while.
I also still love her.
I also stopped sleeping.
I also studied at this school.
I also taught Berber in Algeria for four years.
I also teach Brazilian Portuguese classes.
I also teach English to them.
I also think 'living hell' is putting it too strongly.
I also think I'm very open-minded.
I also think so.
I also think that I'm very open-minded.
I also think that if the Spanish hadn't discovered Latin America, others would have done it shortly after they did.
I also think that if the Spanish hadn’t discovered Latin America, others would have done it shortly after they did.
I also think that someone is sure to use it for selfish and not purely altruistic ends.
I also think ’living hell’ is putting it too strongly.
I also urge caution before you move ahead.
I also use this study for receiving guests.
I also visited Australia.
I also visited Boston.
I also want a bulldozer.
I also want a cup of coffee.
I also want a towel rack in the bathroom.
I also want it!
I also want to be a Muslim.
I also want to be happy.
I also want to finally learn how to drive a car.
I also want to finally learn how to drive.
I also want to go to Beijing.
I also want to go to Boston.
I also want to have a barbecue.
I also want to hear Tom's opinion.
I also want to know!
I also want to know.
I also want to play.
I also want to see the ocean.
I also want to try doing that.
I also want to try.
I also want to visit Australia.
I also want to visit Boston.
I also wanted to apologize to you for how I acted.
I also wanted to apologize to you for how I behaved.
I also wanted to enjoy the break, but thanks to preparation and supplementary lessons for a certain six-man team, I got none!
I also wanted to know.
I also wanted to see the sea.
I also went there.
I also went to Australia.
I also went to Boston.
I also went to Harvard.
I also went to Kabylie.
I also went to the village.
I also went.
I also work at the weekend.
I also work on Sundays.
I also worked at a restaurant in the evening.
I also wrote Tom a letter.
I also, same as you, don't trust Yahoo Auction ratings.
I also, same as you, don’t trust Yahoo Auction ratings.
I altered my typical lunch and had a steak instead.
I alternate wildly between thinking that it’s totally crazy that we clawed our way up out of the atmosphere and walked on the moon, and thinking that it’s a shame that it turned out to be so boring.
I always act like a natural born leader in any life situation that require great leadership skills.
I always adapt recipes to be better for you.
I always add a spoonful of honey to my tea.
I always add creamy Greek yogurt to my smoothie.
I always admired her openly.
I always admired his ability to read and understand complex texts.
I always arrive a little ahead of time.
I always arrive at work early.
I always arrive at work on time.
I always arrived late.
I always ask a lot of questions.
I always assume I'm wrong.
I always assumed it was Tom who'd done that.
I always bath in the morning.
I always become sleepy after dinner.
I always believe that everything will work out for me.
I always believe you.
I always biked.
I always brought a packed lunch with me to school.
I always brush my coat when I come home.
I always brush my teeth after eating breakfast.
I always brush my teeth after eating sweets.
I always brush my teeth after having eaten sweets.
I always brush my teeth before I go to bed.
I always buy a top quality product even if it is slightly more expensive.
I always buy expensive items on credit.
I always buy fresh vegetables instead of frozen ones.
I always buy in bulk.
I always buy my bread from the bakery.
I always buy my favorite coffee at this vending machine.
I always buy short-grain rice.
I always buy the English-language books I come across at bookstores. But since I never read them, all they do is pile up.
I always buy the cheapest item.
I always buy things I'd like to have myself.
I always call him Tom.
I always call my mother on her birthday.
I always carry a bottle of mineral water with me.
I always carry a knife.
I always carry a needle in case of an emergency.
I always carry a needle with me when I travel.
I always carry a small pocketknife.
I always carry an umbrella, just in case it rains.
I always carry it in my pocket.
I always carry mineral water with me.
I always catch a cold in the winter.
I always catch colds in the winter.
I always check the newspaper before breakfast.
I always come first.
I always come home early.
I always confuse John and his twin brother.
I always confuse estrogen with progesterone.
I always confuse which side is port and which is starboard.
I always confuse which side is port and which starboard.
I always considered her as a friend.
I always counted you as a friend.
I always crammed for my tests overnight when I was a student.
I always cry at weddings.
I always cry when I see this picture.
I always cry when we say goodbye.
I always cry whenever I see this play.
I always did like Tom.
I always discuss everything with Tom.
I always do everything myself.
I always do it this way.
I always do it.
I always do that alone.
I always do that by myself.
I always do that for Tom.
I always do that in the afternoon.
I always do that myself.
I always do that when I go to Australia.
I always do that when I go to Boston.
I always do that when I'm in Australia.
I always do that when I'm in Boston.
I always do that when I'm nervous.
I always do that when I'm scared.
I always do that wrong.
I always do that.
I always do the dishes.
I always do the same thing.
I always do things the same old way.
I always do things the same way.
I always do this exercise.
I always do this first thing in the morning.
I always do this.
I always do what I promise I'll do.
I always do what I promise to do.
I always do what I say I'm going to do.
I always do what I want.
I always do what I'm supposed to.
I always do what I'm told.
I always dreaded double Maths.
I always dreamed of being a billionaire.
I always dreamed of doing that.
I always dreamed of going on stage.
I always dreamed of having many children.
I always dreamed of meeting Tom.
I always dreamed of meeting a unicorn that would tell me the secrets of the night.
I always dress up for Halloween.
I always drink a cup of coffee every morning.
I always drink a cup of coffee in the morning.
I always drink a glass of milk before going to bed.
I always drink a glass of milk before going to sleep.
I always drink a lot of water.
I always drink coffee in the morning.
I always drink cold water.
I always drink from the bottle.
I always drink lots of water.
I always drink milk before going to bed.
I always drink milk with my breakfast.
I always drink orange juice.
I always drink tea with lemon juice.
I always drink two cups of coffee in the morning.
I always drive at a moderate speed.
I always drive below the speed limit.
I always drive under the speed limit.
I always drop in at her house when I go to Tokyo.
I always eat before going to school.
I always eat bread for breakfast.
I always eat breakfast at 6:30, even on weekends.
I always eat breakfast cereal without sugar.
I always eat breakfast in the kitchen.
I always eat breakfast.
I always eat dinner at home.
I always eat eggs for breakfast.
I always eat healthy.
I always eat here.
I always eat in the morning.
I always eat junk food when I'm depressed.
I always eat lunch at two.
I always eat lunch here.
I always eat lunch with Tom.
I always eat out.
I always eat something before going to school.
I always eat steak at this restaurant.
I always eat well.
I always encouraged Tom.
I always end up alone and abandoned.
I always end up looking up the same words in the dictionary.
I always enjoy being with you.
I always enjoy hearing you sing.
I always enjoy listening to Alina talk about art.
I always enjoy listening to classical music in my free time.
I always enjoy listening to classical music when I have some free time.
I always enjoy parties.
I always enjoy playing tennis with Tom.
I always enjoy playing tennis.
I always enjoy visiting Australia.
I always enjoy visiting Boston.
I always enjoy visiting Tom.
I always expect trouble.
I always fail.
I always fall for the wrong guy.
I always feel blue on Mondays.
I always feel gloomy.
I always feel good after I do my good deed for the day.
I always feel good after eating Benedito's salad.
I always feel great in spring.
I always feel hungry.
I always feel like a coffee with milk at this time of day.
I always feel like an Algerian.
I always feel like sleeping because I'm pregnant.
I always feel pleased when I've finished a piece of work.
I always feel pleased when I’ve finished a piece of work.
I always feel sleepy.
I always feel tense.
I always feel that there isn't enough time.
I always feel very supported.
I always felt emotionally abused.
I always felt ill at ease in my father's company.
I always felt ill at ease in my father’s company.
I always felt like Tom and Mary were hiding something.
I always felt like Tom was hiding something.
I always felt like she was hiding something.
I always figured Tom and Mary would become teachers.
I always figured Tom would become a teacher.
I always figured that Tom would become a teacher.
I always find contentment in a good book.
I always find him whistling while working on his paintings.
I always find it hard to get my bearings in underground car parks.
I always find myself comforting people with the words I want to hear.
I always find puppet shows a bit creepy.
I always follow your advice.
I always forget about it.
I always forget about myself.
I always forget halfway through a story why I started telling it.
I always forget my money.
I always forget my umbrella when it rains hard.
I always forget people's names.
I always forget that I already logged in.
I always forget the accusative in Esperanto!
I always forget to breathe.
I always forget to swallow wine out when I'm on a wine-tasting session and it results in me getting totally drunk.
I always forget what I dreamt about the night before.
I always forget.
I always found weird to participate in a community under a pseudonym and sign messages with another name.
I always gave Tom a discount.
I always gave my best in everything I did.
I always gave my mom back massages as a kid, so I've gotten pretty good at them.
I always get a cold in winter.
I always get along well with Tom.
I always get along well with him.
I always get an A in math.
I always get an A in maths.
I always get annoyed when people blame video games for the world's ills.
I always get disorientated in underground car parks.
I always get dizzy when I fly.
I always get dressed before I have breakfast.
I always get dressed in a hurry.
I always get drowsy after lunch.
I always get home at about 6:00.
I always get home at about six.
I always get home by six o'clock.
I always get home smelling like tobacco, even though I'm the only one in the gang who doesn't smoke.
I always get hungry around midnight.
I always get lost.
I always get my homework done on time.
I always get my way.
I always get near and put my hands near the room heater to get my hands warmer in the winter time.
I always get nervous before I go on stage.
I always get nervous in her presence.
I always get nervous just before a match.
I always get sleepy after dinner.
I always get sleepy after lunch.
I always get sleepy after tea.
I always get sleepy after watching TV for two hours.
I always get the Backstreet Boys confused with NSync.
I always get the bus.
I always get those two names confused.
I always get to school on time.
I always get to work early.
I always get to work on time.
I always get up at 6 o'clock in the morning.
I always get up at 6.
I always get up at 6:30.
I always get up at 7:30.
I always get up at six-thirty.
I always get up at six.
I always get up earlier than the others.
I always get up earlier than the rest of my family.
I always get up early.
I always get up late.
I always get what I want.
I always get what I'm after.
I always give Tom a discount.
I always give my best effort in everything I do.
I always give something to charities.
I always give something to the beggars.
I always go by bus.
I always go eating at the finest dining restaurants that offer delicate food.
I always go home for lunch.
I always go hunting alone.
I always go jogging after work. Tom does, too.
I always go outdoors in the morning.
I always go to Holy Mass on Sunday morning.
I always go to Sunday mass.
I always go to bed at 10 o'clock.
I always go to bed before midnight.
I always go to bed early and wake up early.
I always go to school at 7:15.
I always go to school by bus.
I always go to school in the afternoon to practice my Latin.
I always go to school on foot.
I always go to the beach.
I always go to the library on Monday.
I always go to the pub on a Saturday night.
I always go to work by bus.
I always got good grades in French.
I always got talked into adjudicating their relationship troubles.
I always got up early in my childhood.
I always got up early when I was a kid.
I always got up early when I was a student.
I always grill using charcoal.
I always had a lucky star above my head that has always protected me from dangerous situations.
I always had my eye on you.
I always had the feeling that Tom and Mary were hiding something.
I always had trouble earning a living.
I always hand wash my bras.
I always hang out with friends on Fridays, since I have the next day off.
I always hate homework.
I always hated dodgeball, especially after the ball hit me in the face.
I always hated this place.
I always have a bath in the morning.
I always have a couple of beach towels in my car.
I always have a good supply of tissues in my pockets.
I always have a good time when I go out with you.
I always have a look at the newspaper before breakfast.
I always have a lot of fun when I come here.
I always have a notepad.
I always have a rifle on my shoulder.
I always have a tired feeling.
I always have an ace up my sleeve.
I always have an eraser, a pencil and a pen in my case.
I always have an eraser, a pencil and a pen in my pencil case.
I always have an uncomfortable feeling.
I always have at least one harmonica in my car.
I always have breakfast at 6.30, even at weekends.
I always have breakfast before leaving home.
I always have coffee and toast for breakfast.
I always have dice with me.
I always have difficulty in making myself understood.
I always have dinner at home.
I always have eggs for breakfast.
I always have fruit and oatmeal for breakfast.
I always have fun when I go to Australia.
I always have fun when I go to Boston.
I always have fun when I hang out with Tom.
I always have fun.
I always have headaches after eating at Asian restaurants because they use MSG.
I always have lots on my mind.
I always have many tasks to handle.
I always have misconceptions, too.
I always have my Berber dictionary with me.
I always have my own way. I don't listen to those who love me and who have more brains than I.
I always have my phone with me.
I always have nice dreams.
I always have rice for lunch.
I always have room for dessert.
I always have something going on in my life.
I always have something to do.
I always have that option.
I always have the same schedule.
I always have time for you.
I always have to check my yard for stagnant pools of water so mosquitoes don't breed there.
I always have to check my yard for stagnant pools of water so mosquitoes don’t breed there.
I always have to do that by myself.
I always have to do that.
I always have to give in to him.
I always have to multitask here.
I always have to wait for you.
I always have to wear a tie because of my job.
I always have to work long hours on Tuesdays.
I always have trouble finding my way around in underground car parks.
I always have trouble getting my bearings in underground car parks.
I always have trouble pronouncing that word.
I always have trouble remembering names.
I always have trouble sleeping the night before a big concert.
I always have trouble with Tom.
I always have two cups of coffee in the morning.
I always hear assurances about economic recovery, but I still haven't seen it.
I always help old ladies over crossings, and pick up parcels for old gentlemen, in case they should turn out to be eccentric millionaires. But not one of them has ever asked me my name—and quite a lot never said 'Thank you.'
I always help you when you ask!
I always hitchhike.
I always hope for the best.
I always jog on the weekend.
I always jogged.
I always just took it for granted that you would be there for me.
I always just took it for granted.
I always keep a dictionary close at hand.
I always keep a promise.
I always keep a screwdriver handy.
I always keep a set of fingernail clippers in my guitar case.
I always keep an eye on Tom.
I always keep an eye on her.
I always keep an eye on him.
I always keep an eye on them.
I always keep lip balm with me in the winter.
I always keep my deadlines.
I always keep my promises.
I always keep my room as tidy as I can.
I always keep my room neat.
I always keep my word.
I always keep promises.
I always keep several dictionaries at hand.
I always keep some Narcan around just in case someone ODs nearby.
I always keep some Narcan around just in case.
I always keep three dictionaries at hand.
I always kept my promises.
I always kept my word.
I always knew I could do it.
I always knew I could do that.
I always knew I couldn't do it.
I always knew I was adopted.
I always knew I was born to do this work.
I always knew Tom could do that.
I always knew Tom could win.
I always knew Tom was a troublemaker.
I always knew Tom was an idiot.
I always knew Tom was destined for greatness.
I always knew Tom was no good.
I always knew Tom would come back.
I always knew Tom would succeed.
I always knew he was a good friend.
I always knew how to put myself first in any relationship I've ever had.
I always knew it was important.
I always knew it would happen eventually.
I always knew it would happen one time or another.
I always knew it wouldn't be easy.
I always knew one day this would happen.
I always knew that I could do that.
I always knew that Tom and Mary were troublemakers.
I always knew that Tom could win.
I always knew that Tom was a troublemaker.
I always knew that Tom was destined for greatness.
I always knew that it would be impossible to do that.
I always knew that one day this would happen.
I always knew that that was what you wanted.
I always knew that was what you wanted.
I always knew that you could do that.
I always knew that you were innocent.
I always knew this could happen.
I always knew this day would come.
I always knew this would happen someday.
I always knew this would happen.
I always knew you could do it.
I always knew you could do that.
I always knew you could understand me.
I always knew you were a nice guy.
I always knew you were going to be rich.
I always knew you were going to be successful one day.
I always knew you were going to become famous.
I always knew you were going to make it.
I always knew you were ingrates.
I always knew you were innocent.
I always knew you'd be back.
I always know how to behave.
I always know how to get things done.
I always know when you're lying.
I always know where he is and what he's doing.
I always laugh at funerals.
I always laugh when I read his cartoons.
I always laugh when someone tells a joke.
I always learn a lot with her.
I always learn something from you.
I always learn something new from Carlos, my colleague and mentor.
I always leave for work at 8:00.
I always leave for work at eight.
I always leave my bicycle filthy.
I always leave my umbrella in the train.
I always leave my umbrella on the train.
I always leave satisfied after having Adriano's steak.
I always leave something behind at work, like a jacket, my coffee cup, or my hat.
I always leave the restaurant satisfied after eating Adriano's steak.
I always leave the window open while I sleep.
I always let Mary do what she wants.
I always let Tom and Mary do what they want.
I always let Tom do what he wants.
I always lied and now when I tell the truth, no one believes me.
I always like to make things better.
I always like to stay close to the room heater to warm myself up in the blistering cold.
I always like walking in the rain, so no one can see me crying.
I always like wine and cheese.
I always like your recommendations.
I always liked Tom better.
I always liked Tom.
I always liked going to the beach and swimming when I was younger.
I always liked her.
I always liked him.
I always liked interacting with Tom.
I always liked mysterious characters more.
I always liked playing soccer.
I always liked soccer.
I always liked strange personalities.
I always liked studying Latin.
I always liked that sweater.
I always liked them.
I always list what I need before I go shopping.
I always listen to Tom.
I always listen to anything Tom and Mary have to say.
I always listen to anything Tom has to say.
I always listen to her.
I always listen to him.
I always listen to music at work to pass the time quicker.
I always listen to podcasts on the train.
I always listen to that song, even without understanding the words.
I always listen to them.
I always listen to this song.
I always listen to you.
I always lock my room.
I always lock the car.
I always lock the door when I leave.
I always look at this picture with disgust.
I always look forward to Benedito's salad at family gatherings.
I always looked out for Tom.
I always lose.
I always love the idea of Tatoeba.
I always love the smell of roasted chestnuts.
I always loved kids.
I always loved you so much.
I always loved your delicacy.
I always made my mother proud.
I always make a list when I go to the store.
I always make a mess of things.
I always make a point of painting things as they are.
I always make it a point to paint things as they are.
I always make my mother proud.
I always make myself feel better by working harder.
I always make simple recipes, but today I think I want to cook for real.
I always make sure that my name is on my paper.
I always make sure to get a second helping of Benedito's salad.
I always make this mistake.
I always make typos.
I always meant to give this back to you.
I always meditate.
I always meet my friends on the weekend.
I always mishear song lyrics, even if the singer does it relatively clearly.
I always mute my phone.
I always naturally hated drinking.
I always need an extra blanket in the wintertime.
I always need to feed my brain with energy by making my thoughts constantly work on their own.
I always need to know that my parents are both mentally and physically healthy.
I always need to let my brain work itself out to not go mad.
I always need to make my brain constantly work to avoid getting bored.
I always needed some attention.
I always nibble on cheese and crackers.
I always notice when fake dinosaurs are used in movies.
I always obey the rules.
I always obeyed the rules.
I always offer people a crying shoulder to cry on just in case they need to let their feelings out.
I always order pizza over the Internet, which is quite convenient.
I always order the daily special when I eat at this restaurant.
I always order the daily special when I eat lunch at this restaurant.
I always order the same thing at this restaurant.
I always order the steak when I go to Adriano's restaurant.
I always park on the outskirts of town.
I always pass on good advice. It is the only thing to do with it. It is never of any use to oneself.
I always pass the time by watching TV.
I always pay for dinner whenever we go out together.
I always pay my monthly rent in Euros.
I always pay the rent on time.
I always peel carrots before eating them.
I always photograph badly.
I always place a high value on knowledge.
I always place the spoon to the right of the plate.
I always play by the rules.
I always play football after school.
I always play soccer after school.
I always play volleyball on the weekend.
I always played football after school.
I always pray for world peace.
I always pray my prayers, everyday.
I always procrastinate by making sentences.
I always put down good experiences in my diary.
I always put my children first.
I always put my family first.
I always put my pens in the drawer.
I always put my suitcase in a safe place so that it cannot be stolen.
I always put my team first.
I always put off doing my homework and get into trouble.
I always put you first, but you never reciprocated.
I always put you first.
I always raise my hand, but the teacher never calls on me.
I always read aloud.
I always read books out loud before sleeping.
I always read detective stories from cover to cover; they're so exciting!
I always read detective stories from cover to cover; they’re so exciting!
I always read for a bit before sleeping.
I always read his columns with interest.
I always read myself to sleep.
I always read the label for them.
I always read the sports page first.
I always recognise my mistakes.
I always rely on him in case there's a problem.
I always rely on him in times of trouble.
I always rest for an hour after dinner.
I always ride a bicycle to go to school.
I always ride a bicycle to school.
I always rise at six every morning.
I always root for the underdog.
I always run into Mary at every demonstration.
I always run into Mary at every protest.
I always said Tom and Mary were smart kids.
I always said Tom was a smart kid.
I always said no.
I always said that Croatia is the country of marvels.
I always said that your mobile never worked well.
I always say goodbye, and I stay.
I always say that languages don't have culture –only people have culture. Esperanto speakers who come from all over the world bring their native culture to the group and thereby enrich the cultural life of Esperanto speakers.
I always say that.
I always say things wrong.
I always say to myself to be generous.
I always say what I think.
I always say yes!
I always says no.
I always screw things up.
I always screw up.
I always see him when he comes to Madrid.
I always seem to be sleepy during the day, but I never seem to be able to sleep at night.
I always set my goals high.
I always shared my food with you.
I always shop at this supermarket.
I always shout when I am angry.
I always sit in the back of the classroom.
I always sit in the front row.
I always sit in the front.
I always sleep and wake up early.
I always sleep on my right side.
I always sleep on the floor.
I always sleep till eight.
I always sleep with my window open.
I always speak Berber with my dad.
I always speak French with Tom.
I always speak French with her.
I always speak French with him.
I always speak French with them.
I always speak my mind.
I always spend Christmas Day with my parents.
I always spoil everything.
I always spoke the truth.
I always start my day with a cup of coffee.
I always stay at home on Sundays.
I always stay at their house when I'm in town.
I always stay at this hotel.
I always stay in a bar.
I always stay up late.
I always stay with Tom in Boston.
I always stay with Tom when I go to Boston.
I always stay with Tom when I visit Boston.
I always stay with Tom whenever I visit Boston.
I always stretch my leg muscles before playing tennis.
I always struggle to make myself understood.
I always study alone.
I always study by myself.
I always study hard.
I always suspected Tom was a Bolshevik, but I never had any hard proof until now.
I always suspected Tom was a little paranoid.
I always suspected him of using drugs.
I always suspected that Tom and Mary were a little paranoid.
I always suspected that Tom was a little paranoid.
I always take a bath before going to bed.
I always take a bath before going to sleep.
I always take a bath in the morning.
I always take a bus.
I always take a shower before breakfast.
I always take a shower in the morning.
I always take my fan with me to sumo tournaments as it gets so hot in the auditorium.
I always take my tea with sugar.
I always take notes.
I always take some exercise before breakfast.
I always take that bend at too high a speed.
I always take the bus.
I always take the subway, to go to the city.
I always take what Tom says with a grain of salt.
I always talk about the village.
I always talk everything over with Tom.
I always talk to him.
I always talk to them.
I always tease people I love.
I always tell Tom everything.
I always tell my students to study harder.
I always tell the truth, even when I'm lying.
I always tell the truth.
I always tell the truth. Even when I lie.
I always think about it.
I always think about that.
I always think of him when I'm alone.
I always think of him when I’m alone.
I always think of my father when I look at this picture.
I always thought Almaty was the capital of Kazakhstan.
I always thought Dubai was the capital of the Emirates.
I always thought I could work with anyone.
I always thought I was older than you.
I always thought I'd be afraid.
I always thought I'd eventually get married.
I always thought I'd see you again.
I always thought Istanbul was the capital of Turkey.
I always thought Japan was the only country where people remove their shoes inside the house.
I always thought Picasso was Italian.
I always thought Rio was the capital of Brazil.
I always thought Sydney was the capital of Australia.
I always thought Tom and Mary made a good couple.
I always thought Tom and Mary were Canadians.
I always thought Tom and Mary were a good couple.
I always thought Tom and Mary were funny.
I always thought Tom and Mary were good.
I always thought Tom and Mary were married to each other.
I always thought Tom and Mary were married.
I always thought Tom and Mary were so cool.
I always thought Tom and Mary would eventually get married.
I always thought Tom and Mary would get married.
I always thought Tom and Mary would get together.
I always thought Tom could swim.
I always thought Tom knew how to speak French.
I always thought Tom was Canadian.
I always thought Tom was a Canadian.
I always thought Tom was a bit strange.
I always thought Tom was a complete idiot.
I always thought Tom was funny.
I always thought Tom was good.
I always thought Tom was raised by wolves.
I always thought Tom was so cool.
I always thought Tom would be great no matter what he did.
I always thought Tom would eventually do that.
I always thought Tom would outlive me.
I always thought Toronto was the capital of Canada.
I always thought Vienna was the capital of Australia.
I always thought doctors don't get sick.
I always thought he was Iranian.
I always thought it was weird.
I always thought medical students were very busy and hard-working people. Then I met you.
I always thought so.
I always thought that I was older than you.
I always thought that I wasn't normal.
I always thought that I'd be afraid.
I always thought that Shirley and Alan would get together.
I always thought that Tom and Mary made a good couple.
I always thought that Tom and Mary were a bit different.
I always thought that Tom and Mary were a bit strange.
I always thought that Tom and Mary were married to each other.
I always thought that Tom and Mary were married.
I always thought that Tom and Mary would become teachers.
I always thought that Tom and Mary would eventually get married.
I always thought that Tom and Mary would get married.
I always thought that Tom and Mary would get together.
I always thought that Tom knew how to speak French.
I always thought that Tom was a bit different.
I always thought that Tom was a bit strange.
I always thought that Tom would become a teacher.
I always thought that a heart attack was nature's way of telling you you're going to die.
I always thought that a heart attack was nature’s way of telling you you’re going to die.
I always thought that a stroke was one of nature's ways to tell you that it's time to die.
I always thought that a stroke was one of nature’s ways to tell you that it’s time to die.
I always thought that having a heart attack was the way nature told you to die.
I always thought that suffering a heart attack was an omen of death.
I always thought that was weird.
I always thought that we could keep this secret.
I always thought that you and Tom were married.
I always thought the whole world had four seasons, and everyone went through it at the same time.
I always thought they were happily married.
I always thought this would be the right thing to do.
I always thought this would happen.
I always thought those two were happily married.
I always thought we could keep this secret.
I always thought you and I'd end up together.
I always thought you and Tom were married.
I always thought you lived in Boston.
I always thought you should have been a teacher.
I always thought you should have been an artist.
I always thought you should've been a teacher.
I always thought you should've been an artist.
I always thought you to be a strong person.
I always thought you'd make a cute couple.
I always tie my shoes tightly before I go jogging.
I always told Tom the truth.
I always told you the truth.
I always took the non-toll route.
I always train.
I always travel alone.
I always travel with travelers' checks instead of cash.
I always travel with travelers’ checks instead of cash.
I always tried to be strict with them and not to smile.
I always try my best.
I always try to avoid situations like this.
I always try to avoid trouble.
I always try to be fair.
I always try to be friendly.
I always try to be honest.
I always try to be nice to everyone.
I always try to be nice to other people.
I always try to be polite.
I always try to be prepared.
I always try to be punctual.
I always try to deal with problems as soon as they arise.
I always try to drink milk at breakfast.
I always try to drink responsibly.
I always try to eat a healthy diet.
I always try to eat at home.
I always try to eat healthy food.
I always try to find some time to read.
I always try to give everyone the benefit of the doubt.
I always try to help other people.
I always try to help others.
I always try to keep a clear and a cool head in emergency situations.
I always try to keep an open mind.
I always try to look calm and collected to make other people feel secure around me and to make them feel comfortable sharing their deepest secrets with me.
I always try to make sure that everyone feels welcome.
I always try to mind my own business.
I always try to obey the rules.
I always try to put things back where they belong.
I always try to stay cool-headed in emergency situations.
I always try to stay optimistic.
I always try to tell the truth.
I always try to treat people with respect.
I always try to wear fashionable clothes.
I always try, when I'm translating sentences, to make the translation as similar as possible to the original sentence. This makes language learning much easier for non-native speakers.
I always try.
I always turn off the light when I leave a room.
I always turn on the news to play in the background.
I always unite those two.
I always use a cutting board to protect my countertop and make chopping easier.
I always use a shopping trolley.
I always use a trolley.
I always use iodized salt.
I always use that path.
I always use the on-screen keyboard when I log into my internet banking account. It's safer that way.
I always use the steps, but...it's scary how they wobble...so I'd like you to hold them steady.
I always use the steps, but...it’s scary how they wobble...so I’d like you to hold them steady.
I always used to be in and out of second-hand bookshops.
I always used to count the steps while going up.
I always used to go for a bike ride at the weekend.
I always used to go for a bike ride at weekends.
I always used to have nice chats with Tom in this pub.
I always used to wonder why people dance, but after meeting him I started to like dancing, too. I can't explain, but it feels good.
I always view this photo with disgust.
I always view this photo with revulsion.
I always visit Tom when I go to Australia.
I always visit Tom when I go to Boston.
I always wake up before eight o'clock, but I never get up immediately.
I always wake up early.
I always wake up in a good mood.
I always walk around with my nose open.
I always walk home.
I always walk to school if it's not raining.
I always walk to school.
I always walk.
I always want to aim and to reach higher in my personal goals pursuits.
I always want to encourage girls and boys to pursue their dreams, no matter how big.
I always want to know what's going on.
I always want to know where my children are.
I always want to read that book.
I always want to sleep after dinner.
I always want us to keep an healthy amount of distance between us.
I always want us to never be too far from each other and to stick together side by side.
I always want us to stand close to each other.
I always want us to stay close to one another.
I always wanted a daughter.
I always wanted a dog.
I always wanted a sports car.
I always wanted a tree house.
I always wanted the best for you.
I always wanted to be a cowboy, pursuing the bad, shooting... But when I grew up I noticed that unfortunately that profession has vanished.
I always wanted to be a cowboy.
I always wanted to be a father.
I always wanted to be a jockey.
I always wanted to be a mother.
I always wanted to be a professional singer.
I always wanted to be a teacher.
I always wanted to be a writer.
I always wanted to be different.
I always wanted to be rich and famous.
I always wanted to do that.
I always wanted to do this.
I always wanted to go into show business.
I always wanted to go there.
I always wanted to go to Australia.
I always wanted to go to Boston.
I always wanted to have a dog.
I always wanted to hear that piece.
I always wanted to help Tom.
I always wanted to know what would happen if I did that.
I always wanted to learn toki pona.
I always wanted to live in Kabylie.
I always wanted to make an around the world trip.
I always wanted to meet Tom.
I always wanted to move to Kabylie.
I always wanted to say that.
I always wanted to see an Esperanto convention before I die.
I always wanted to see that play.
I always wanted to see you.
I always wanted to study French.
I always wanted to travel with Mary.
I always wanted to try it.
I always was an atheist.
I always was inspired by Tom.
I always wash my clothes at the weekend.
I always wash my clothes in cold water.
I always wash my clothes on week ends.
I always wash my face with soap and water.
I always wash my hands before I eat.
I always wash my hands before eating.
I always wash my new towels before I use them.
I always wash new towels before I use them.
I always wash new underwear before wearing it.
I always watch documentaries.
I always watch my films in the original version.
I always watch the Tatoeba channel.
I always watch the weather report before going out in the morning.
I always watch this show's intro.
I always watch this show's theme song.
I always water the plants in the morning.
I always wear a blue shirt.
I always wear a hat in the summer.
I always wear a helmet when I ride my bicycle.
I always wear a helmet when I ride my motorbike.
I always wear a helmet when I ride my motorcycle.
I always wear a helmet.
I always wear a mask in crowded places.
I always wear a seatbelt when I'm driving.
I always wear a tie to work.
I always wear a uniform at my job.
I always wear a watch so I know what time it is.
I always wear a watch, so I know what time it is.
I always wear a white shirt.
I always wear an overcoat when its cold.
I always wear black clothes.
I always wear boots when it rains or snows.
I always wear my helmet when I ride my motorcycle.
I always wear my seatbelt.
I always wear slippers at home.
I always wear sunglasses, even indoors.
I always welcome comments.
I always went to Miami in the summer.
I always win in the end.
I always win my wars.
I always win.
I always wish we had a climate with cooler temperatures and ample humidity.
I always wonder what happened to Tom.
I always wonder what happened to him.
I always wondered about that.
I always wondered if you'd come back.
I always wondered what that noise was.
I always wondered what that smell was.
I always wondered what was in your attic.
I always wondered whether you'd come back.
I always work alone.
I always work alone. I'm just not a team player.
I always work alone. I’m just not a team player.
I always work hard.
I always work too much and never get paid enough.
I always work while listening to the radio.
I always worry about everything.
I always worry about money.
I always worry about things that don't really matter very much.
I always write letters with pen and ink.
I always write to my Argentinian friends.
I always write very simple sentences.
I always yawn when I'm sleepy.
I am 1.91 metres tall.
I am 100% sure.
I am 12 years old and what is this?
I am 12 years old.
I am 14 years old.
I am 16 years old.
I am 18 years old today.
I am 18 years old.
I am 19 years old.
I am 20 years old.
I am 21 years old.
I am 22 years old and I speak fluently 6 languages.
I am 24 years old.
I am 27 years old.
I am 28 years old.
I am 30 years old now.
I am 30 years old.
I am 4 parallel universes ahead of you.
I am 4 years younger than him.
I am 40 years old.
I am 80 years old.
I am Algerian and I speak Berber.
I am Algerian and I want everyone to know it.
I am Algerian and proud of it.
I am Alpha.
I am American.
I am Anthony.
I am Antonio, nice to meet you.
I am Antonio.
I am Argentinean.
I am Armenian.
I am Aunt Wang.
I am Australian.
I am Bengali.
I am Berber and I speak Berber.
I am Bhutanese.
I am Bikolano.
I am Brazilian and I don't know any language except my own.
I am Brazilian and my husband is Portuguese.
I am Brazilian.
I am British.
I am Bulgarian.
I am Cathy.
I am Chaoui. I speak Berber.
I am Chaoui. My country is Algeria.
I am Chaoui. My language is Berber.
I am Charlie.
I am Chinese and I love China.
I am Chinese.
I am Choctaw.
I am Christian but I don't eat pork.
I am Christian, but he is Buddhist.
I am Colombian.
I am Congolese.
I am Cyrus.
I am Danish.
I am Death.
I am Dominican.
I am Doraemon.
I am Du Yu, a student at the Faculty of Computer Science and Technology, Qilu University of Technology (Shandong Academy of Sciences).
I am Edgar Degas.
I am Egyptian.
I am English in that I eat biscuits.
I am English speaking.
I am English.
I am Error.
I am European.
I am Finnish and my husband is Kabyle.
I am Finnish, but I speak also Swedish.
I am Francesco.
I am Francophone.
I am French and I am a tourist.
I am French and he is American.
I am French and she is American.
I am French.
I am Georgian.
I am German.
I am God's creature and of Him I am part.
I am God.
I am Greek.
I am Gregor.
I am Grenadian.
I am Gujarati, but my family hails from Pakistan.
I am HIV-positive.
I am Hawk Moth.
I am Helen's brother-in-law, because she is my brother's wife; she is my sister-in-law.
I am Hungarian.
I am Hungary-born.
I am Indian.
I am Iranian.
I am Italian.
I am Jack.
I am Japanese, but you are an American.
I am Japanese.
I am Jesus, whom you are persecuting.
I am Ji Sung Park.
I am Jisung Park.
I am Joano. And you?
I am John, Frank. I tell you “I run”.
I am John.
I am Jorge.
I am Juan.
I am Julius.
I am Kabyle and my wife is Kurdish.
I am Kabyle, not Algerian.
I am Kabyle.
I am Kamala Harris. My pronouns are she and her. I'm a woman sitting at the table wearing a blue suit.
I am Kazuto Iwamoto.
I am Korean.
I am Kurdish.
I am Laurie's husband.
I am Lebanese.
I am Lily.
I am Lin.
I am Macedonian.
I am Magyar.
I am Malawian.
I am Mary.
I am Meme.
I am Minghui.
I am Moroccan from Casablanca.
I am Moroccan.
I am Muslim and I believe in God and Muhammad, peace be upon him.
I am Muslim and I don't eat pig.
I am Muslim and I pray every single day.
I am Muslim.
I am Muslim. Islam is perfect, but I am not. If I make a mistake, blame me, not my religion.
I am Nayan.
I am Noelia, and you?
I am Norwegian, and you?
I am OK now.
I am OK.
I am Ojibwe.
I am Orthodox.
I am Palestinian.
I am Paola.
I am Paul, your flatmate.
I am Polish and I come from Warsaw.
I am Portuguese.
I am Ricardo.
I am Samuel.
I am Siberian.
I am Skura, you idiot!
I am Sri Lankan.
I am Syrian.
I am Taiwanese.
I am Teochew.
I am Thai.
I am Thomas's cousin.
I am Tom Hunter.
I am Tom Wilson.
I am Tom's custodian.
I am Tom's grandfather.
I am Tom.
I am Tom. Could I speak with Anna?
I am Toral of the House of Duras.
I am Tunisian.
I am Turkish.
I am Vietnamese.
I am Wang Wei.
I am Xiaoyu.
I am Yanni.
I am Ziri from Algiers.
I am a 22 year-old man.
I am a Bahá'í.
I am a Berber native speaker.
I am a Berber teacher myself.
I am a Berliner.
I am a Briton.
I am a Bulgarian from Bulgaria.
I am a Catholic also. If you were to tell anyone, I would lose my job at once, so you see how important it is for you to keep the secret.
I am a Christian but I love everyone.
I am a Christian girl.
I am a Christian woman.
I am a Christian, but my father came from a Kenyan family that includes generations of Muslims.
I am a Christian.
I am a Colombian citizen.
I am a Cuban citizen.
I am a Democrat.
I am a Dutch citizen.
I am a Filipino.
I am a French doctor.
I am a French prince.
I am a German architect.
I am a German citizen.
I am a Hafiz.
I am a Hyogo University student.
I am a Japanese high school girl.
I am a Japanese woman.
I am a Japanese writer.
I am a Japanese.
I am a Jew. Hath not a Jew eyes? Hath not a Jew hands, organs, dimensions, senses, affections, passions? Fed with the same food, hurt with the same weapons, subject to the same diseases, healed by the same means, warmed and cooled by the same winter and summer, as a Christian is? If you prick us, do we not bleed? If you tickle us, do we not laugh? If you poison us, do we not die? And if you wrong us, shall we not revenge? If we are like you in the rest, we will resemble you in that. If a Jew wrong a Christian, what is his humility? Revenge. If a Christian wrong a Jew, what should his sufferance be by Christian example? Why, revenge. The villainy you teach me, I will execute, and it shall go hard but I will better the instruction.
I am a Klingon warrior.
I am a Latino who speaks Esperanto.
I am a Lebanese citizen.
I am a Lebanese girl.
I am a Liberian citizen.
I am a Lojbanist-Esperantist, whilst I am an Animist-Buddhist.
I am a Mexican. I speak Spanish fluently.
I am a Monegasque musician.
I am a Muslim convert.
I am a Muslim.
I am a Polish journalist.
I am a Republican.
I am a Roman citizen.
I am a Scorpio, but gentle.
I am a Spanish citizen.
I am a Spanish reporter.
I am a Sunni Muslim.
I am a Swiss.
I am a Syrian citizen.
I am a Teochew.
I am a Toki Ponan.
I am a Toki Ponist.
I am a Trojan horse, so I have infected your Mac computer.
I am a Tunisian citizen.
I am a Turk and I love my country.
I am a United States citizen.
I am a Viking.
I am a Welsh-speaking actor in a theatre.
I am a Windows user.
I am a Zionist.
I am a baby shark.
I am a baby.
I am a bachelor.
I am a bad man.
I am a bad person.
I am a bad sailor.
I am a baker.
I am a banana.
I am a banker.
I am a barbarian.
I am a beast.
I am a beginner in Esperanto.
I am a beginner in Russian.
I am a being of light in the body of a monkey.
I am a big fan of political correctness.
I am a big fan of the arts.
I am a big fan.
I am a big golf fan.
I am a big spender who spends money rather recklessly.
I am a big-brained kind of person.
I am a big-hearted kind of person.
I am a bird.
I am a bit crazy.
I am a bit drunk.
I am a bit hard up now and I can't afford such an expensive meal.
I am a bit hard up now and I can’t afford such an expensive meal.
I am a bit out of shape!
I am a bit shy.
I am a blackcap.
I am a born artist.
I am a boss.
I am a bowl of porridge.
I am a boy.
I am a business creator.
I am a businessman.
I am a busy man now.
I am a busy person.
I am a car lover.
I am a career teacher.
I am a carpenter.
I am a cashier.
I am a cat person.
I am a cat.
I am a cat. I don't have a name yet.
I am a cat. I don’t have a name yet.
I am a centrist.
I am a child in a man's body.
I am a child of generations of survivors.
I am a child.
I am a citizen of Chiba, but work in Tokyo.
I am a citizen of Sapporo.
I am a citizen of the world.
I am a city mouse.
I am a co-founder of the local stoat lover society.
I am a cocaine exporter.
I am a colleague of Miss Mary Fischer.
I am a college football player now.
I am a college student.
I am a colonel.
I am a comic book artist.
I am a comic book writer.
I am a completely happy human being!
I am a compulsive liar.
I am a computer developer.
I am a connaisseur of change.
I am a connoisseur of the unknown.
I am a connoisseur when it comes to change of scenery.
I am a conservative.
I am a cook.
I am a crazy communist!
I am a creature of pure energy locked inside a sack of meat.
I am a damage doer.
I am a dancer by trade and I teach jazz dance.
I am a dancer.
I am a deeply religious nonbeliever – this is a somewhat new kind of religion.
I am a deeply superficial person.
I am a democrat.
I am a dentist.
I am a descendant of Charlemagne. And so are you.
I am a descendant of Israel's famous King David.
I am a descendent of my ancestors.
I am a despicable human being.
I am a determined person, I think.
I am a diploma holder.
I am a dissenting voice in Israel.
I am a doctor.
I am a dog person.
I am a doll. My name's Anabelle.
I am a drug addict.
I am a duchess.
I am a duck.
I am a duck. I speak English.
I am a famous actor.
I am a fan of cars.
I am a fan of conservatism.
I am a fan of environmentalism.
I am a fan of liberalism.
I am a fan of libertarianism.
I am a fan of pacifism.
I am a fan of socialism.
I am a fan of the theater.
I am a fanatic of ecology.
I am a farmer.
I am a fast swimmer.
I am a femboy.
I am a feminist because I believe in equal rights for women and men.
I am a few days away from Bilthoven.
I am a film buff.
I am a fireball too hot to handle.
I am a fish in the river.
I am a fish.
I am a flawed person, but these are flaws that can easily be fixed.
I am a fly!
I am a flying saucer.
I am a follower of that school.
I am a football player.
I am a footballer.
I am a foreigner here.
I am a foreigner in my own land. What to call the multitude of grass-eating apes? They are friendly, though.
I am a foreigner.
I am a freelance photographer.
I am a friend of Robert's.
I am a friend of Robert’s.
I am a friend of Tom's.
I am a general psychologist.
I am a genius!
I am a gentleman's daughter.
I am a gentleman’s daughter.
I am a giant!
I am a girl who decided to do what I want with my body.
I am a girl, by the way.
I am a girl.
I am a good boy.
I am a good football player.
I am a good walker.
I am a graduate of this school.
I am a graduate student.
I am a great admirer of American culture.
I am a guide.
I am a guitarist.
I am a gull.
I am a guy, by the way.
I am a half Jew.
I am a hero.
I am a highly qualified professional.
I am a historian.
I am a house-husband.
I am a housewife.
I am a human being — not a QR code.
I am a human being, and I regard all of humanity as one family.
I am a human being.
I am a hungry spider.
I am a jerk and a moron who does not deserve fortune.
I am a jerk.
I am a journalist.
I am a king's daughter, and am seeking my twelve brothers, and I will walk as far as the sky is blue until I find them.
I am a lapsed vegetarian.
I am a lawyer.
I am a liar still.
I am a liberal.
I am a libertarian.
I am a licensed veterinarian.
I am a linguaphile. Amongst the identities that I assume are being a "Japino" and being a "Mexipino" too. I cherish native cultures and languages around this world from the Arctic to the Pacific to the Amazon to the Oz Outback. I think that imagination is very important. I read and watch speculative fiction in a rainbow of languages. I watch anime. My religious stance is Syncretic, with a leaning towards Eastern.
I am a little afraid I won't be able to take time off my huge work schedule to make time for you.
I am a little bit afraid that he will not prepare anything because I have not seen a presentation of his with presentation material.
I am a little discouraged.
I am a little out of sorts today.
I am a little scared.
I am a little stressed right now.
I am a little world made cunningly of elements, and an angelic sprite.
I am a lonely man.
I am a lot happier now.
I am a lover of cinema.
I am a lover of liberty. I will not and I cannot serve a party.
I am a lover of the beautiful.
I am a lucky budgie, aren't I?
I am a lucky budgie, aren’t I?
I am a maiden.
I am a man and my husband is also a man.
I am a man and she is a woman.
I am a man of absolute sincerity.
I am a man of modest tastes.
I am a man that is always sick.
I am a man who can't stand being alone.
I am a man who can’t stand being alone.
I am a man.
I am a man. My name is Adam.
I am a man; no human is strange to me.
I am a married man, and have been so for three years.
I am a married man, and have been so for three years. During that time my wife and I have loved each other as fondly and lived as happily as any two that ever were joined. We have not had a difference, not one, in thought or word or deed.
I am a married man.
I am a masochist.
I am a masseur.
I am a masseuse.
I am a mechanic.
I am a mechanical engineer.
I am a member of the French Communist Party.
I am a member of the PCF.
I am a member of the baseball team.
I am a member of the basketball team.
I am a member of the committee.
I am a member of the firm.
I am a member of the sales department.
I am a member of the tennis club.
I am a mentally deranged kind of person.
I am a mentally tortured kind of person.
I am a miller.
I am a misanthrope.
I am a monk.
I am a morning person.
I am a mother.
I am a mother. I have the right to know.
I am a naive sheep.
I am a native Hungarian.
I am a native Japanese-speaking woman. But even though this is the case, I sometimes still make small mistakes when I am writing or speaking.
I am a native speaker of British English.
I am a native speaker of the penguin language.
I am a naturist and I love it.
I am a new Muslim.
I am a new member among you.
I am a new student.
I am a nice, good-looking girl looking for the man of my life.
I am a night owl and an early bird.
I am a night owl.
I am a nobody.
I am a nurse.
I am a pacifist.
I am a painter.
I am a paper tiger.
I am a paper tigress.
I am a part of all that I have met.
I am a part-time photographer.
I am a person called “Mewi”.
I am a person in long-term recovery from drug addiction.
I am a person of South African nationality.
I am a person with many flaws, but they are flaws which can be fixed.
I am a person.
I am a photographer.
I am a podiatrist.
I am a police.
I am a policeman.
I am a polite and very responsible person.
I am a polytheist.
I am a poor correspondent.
I am a poor man.
I am a poor sailor, so I don't like to travel by boat.
I am a poor sailor, so I don’t like to travel by boat.
I am a popular girl at school.
I am a popular kid at school.
I am a post-operative transsexual woman.
I am a potato.
I am a practical man.
I am a practicing Muslim.
I am a professional comic book artist.
I am a professional couple breaker.
I am a professional dancer.
I am a professional photographer.
I am a professor of Spanish.
I am a professor.
I am a proud Algerian and I am Muslim.
I am a proud and happy citizen of Makati City.
I am a pure Edoite.
I am a radio ham.
I am a railway worker.
I am a real Japanese woman.
I am a realistic person.
I am a redhead.
I am a reporter.
I am a robot.
I am a robot. I have no soul.
I am a runner.
I am a schoolboy.
I am a sculpture.
I am a seagull.
I am a seal.
I am a secretary.
I am a self-taught artist.
I am a selfish person, but I became very selfless after meeting you.
I am a senior at Hyogo University.
I am a sensitive person, you know.
I am a sentence.
I am a serf.
I am a serious clerk, and at home, I am a good wife and mother.
I am a serviceman.
I am a sheep. You are a sheep. We are sheep.
I am a shopkeeper.
I am a shy boy.
I am a sick manâ€¦ I am a spiteful man. I am an unpleasant man. I think my liver is diseased.
I am a sick man… I am a spiteful man. I am an unpleasant man. I think my liver is diseased.
I am a simple man.
I am a sinful man.
I am a singer.
I am a single mother of four children.
I am a sinner.
I am a slave to drink.
I am a slave.
I am a slow reader.
I am a slow reader; therefore I am unable to follow the subtitles.
I am a smart person.
I am a snail and snails are never in a hurry.
I am a snake. My name is Lucy.
I am a social worker.
I am a socialist.
I am a sophomore.
I am a speech therapist.
I am a spy.
I am a staunch supporter of linguistic purism.
I am a stay at home mum of two adult sons.
I am a stranger here.
I am a street artist.
I am a student at Hyogo University.
I am a student at London University.
I am a student at Oxford University.
I am a student at high school.
I am a student at the University of London.
I am a student in a university.
I am a student of this school.
I am a student who likes going to school.
I am a student, and you?
I am a student, but he isn't.
I am a student, but he isn’t.
I am a student, but my older brother is a company employee.
I am a student.
I am a substitute teacher.
I am a successful failure.
I am a supporter of democracy.
I am a supporter of radical feminism.
I am a surgeon.
I am a taxpayer.
I am a teacher in the secondary school.
I am a teacher of English.
I am a teacher whose passions are languages, foreign cultures, films and books.
I am a teacher, not a student.
I am a teacher, too.
I am a teacher.
I am a teacher. What about you?
I am a tennis player.
I am a theatre lover.
I am a thin person, but at the moment I am fat.
I am a thinking being.
I am a time traveler.
I am a time traveller.
I am a toaster.
I am a tourist.
I am a translation system but I am not automatic!
I am a translator, programmer and musician.
I am a translator.
I am a transsexual woman in transition.
I am a trifle sad.
I am a triplet born on New Year's Eve.
I am a truck driver.
I am a truthful person.
I am a twin.
I am a typical Lojban user.
I am a university student and I want to learn a lot.
I am a university student.
I am a vegetarian, I don't eat meat.
I am a vegetarian.
I am a very busy person.
I am a very experienced announcer.
I am a very good chess player.
I am a very old man.
I am a very old man; how old I do not know.
I am a very sad man.
I am a very sad person.
I am a very smart person.
I am a victim.
I am a virgin.
I am a visitor.
I am a volunteer.
I am a wanderer from the most populous island in the world, Java, Indonesia. I love cats more than anything in the world, and I live on coffee.
I am a warrior.
I am a wax doll.
I am a white canvas and I am waiting for you to paint on me.
I am a widow.
I am a witness.
I am a woman and my wife is also a woman.
I am a woman, not a girl.
I am a woman.
I am a woman. My name is Eva.
I am a worker.
I am a writer rather than a teacher.
I am a writer.
I am a young man, I love freedom in my life.
I am able to buy anything in a convenience store.
I am able to communicate in Berber.
I am able to do it tomorrow.
I am able to do that now.
I am able to drive a car.
I am able to fix the sink this afternoon.
I am able to give you explanations about this, but not about the previously mentioned, because I don't know anything about that.
I am able to hurt him.
I am able to kill him.
I am able to obtain a registration form for free.
I am able to provide food and clothes for my family.
I am able to read English.
I am able to swim across the river.
I am able to swim here.
I am able to think and dream in English.
I am abnormal.
I am about as big as my father now.
I am about to cry!
I am about to eat the apple.
I am about to fall asleep.
I am about to leave here.
I am about to leave.
I am about to proceed on a long and difficult voyage.
I am about to suffer.
I am about to take my last voyage, a great leap in the dark.
I am about to write a sentence in German.
I am about your age.
I am absent from school on occasion.
I am absolutely disgusted.
I am absolutely fallible.
I am absolutely filled with astonishment to see how many simple words I have been mispronouncing all my life, and would have kept on mispronouncing to the end of my days if my thoughts had not been directed to them.
I am absolutely flawed.
I am absolutely in agreement with you.
I am absolutely sure of that.
I am absolutely sure that if we can unite, then our coalition will be able to rebuff the aggressor country.
I am absolutely sure what I am saying.
I am absolutely sure what I am talking about.
I am absorbed in growing herbs and your Web pages are a great help to me.
I am abusing my power.
I am abusing my powers.
I am accountable to him for the loss.
I am accused of a murder.
I am accustomed to cold weather.
I am accustomed to eating this sort of food.
I am accustomed to living alone.
I am accustomed to low temperatures.
I am accustomed to staying up late.
I am accustomed to studying English every evening.
I am accustomed to the climate.
I am accustomed to working hard.
I am accustoming to this life style.
I am aching to go abroad.
I am acquainted with Mr Smith.
I am acquainted with him.
I am acquainted with one Mr. Smith.
I am acquainted with the author.
I am acquainted with the chairman of that club.
I am acquainted with the chairman of the committee.
I am acquainted with the custom.
I am acquainted with your father.
I am acting for my father.
I am acting like an idiot.
I am actively learning Berber.
I am actually Welsh but I am living in Bristol.
I am actually from here.
I am actually running on very low energy levels after completing this olympic foot race.
I am actually totally different but I hardly ever get round to it.
I am actually worried about your mental health.
I am adamant that he undertake it.
I am adamant that we stick to the plan.
I am adamant.
I am adaptable.
I am addicted to Dr Pepper.
I am adding an example sentence.
I am adding examples to Tatoeba.
I am adding salt to my food.
I am adhering to a strict diet regimen.
I am adopted.
I am afflicted with grave ailments.
I am afraid I ate something bad.
I am afraid I can't help you.
I am afraid I cannot convey the peculiar sensations of time travelling. They are excessively unpleasant.
I am afraid I cannot help you.
I am afraid I can’t help you.
I am afraid I don't agree with you.
I am afraid I have a touch of a cold.
I am afraid I must be going now.
I am afraid I showed my surprise rather plainly.
I am afraid I'll be a burden to you.
I am afraid I’ll be a burden to you.
I am afraid because of my insecurities.
I am afraid he hurts me.
I am afraid he is going to spill the beans.
I am afraid he will fail.
I am afraid he will make a mistake.
I am afraid he won't come.
I am afraid he won’t come.
I am afraid it is a reject.
I am afraid it is a rejection.
I am afraid it will be rainy.
I am afraid it will rain in the afternoon.
I am afraid it will rain tomorrow.
I am afraid it's not so easy.
I am afraid it's too late.
I am afraid it’s too late.
I am afraid none of you are capable of doing the job. We will be taking our business elsewhere.
I am afraid of airplanes.
I am afraid of bears.
I am afraid of being fired.
I am afraid of cats.
I am afraid of crashing into a truck like that.
I am afraid of death.
I am afraid of dentists.
I am afraid of dogs.
I am afraid of dying.
I am afraid of escalators.
I am afraid of everybody actually.
I am afraid of flying.
I am afraid of having trouble.
I am afraid of heights.
I am afraid of her.
I am afraid of him.
I am afraid of losing faith.
I am afraid of meeting Tom.
I am afraid of offending you.
I am afraid of people and myself too.
I am afraid of self-confident people.
I am afraid of that dog.
I am afraid of the dark places we go.
I am afraid of the dark.
I am afraid of the situation getting worse.
I am afraid of the war.
I am afraid of them.
I am afraid of wasps.
I am afraid of what the teacher will say.
I am afraid of wild animals.
I am afraid of you!
I am afraid our language will disappear.
I am afraid she is ill.
I am afraid she may have lost her way.
I am afraid that I cannot say it.
I am afraid that I have lost it.
I am afraid that I shall not be free till the examination is over.
I am afraid that Tom won't get a second chance.
I am afraid that everyone can see where I am traveling when I have my cellphone with me.
I am afraid that he did not understand.
I am afraid that he might get hurt.
I am afraid that if I take this new job, I won't succeed at it.
I am afraid that it will rain.
I am afraid that it won't be enough for Tom.
I am afraid that neither from them nor from books have I learnt much that greatly profited me.
I am afraid that they don't get along very well.
I am afraid that they don’t get along very well.
I am afraid that we have left the keys on the door.
I am afraid that you will get lost.
I am afraid the loss will amount to one hundred million dollars.
I am afraid there will be trouble.
I am afraid they both have a bad reputation.
I am afraid they can't get along very well.
I am afraid they can’t get along very well.
I am afraid they don't get along very well.
I am afraid they don’t get along very well.
I am afraid things will take a turn for the worse.
I am afraid to drive a car in one-direction streets.
I am afraid to drive a car.
I am afraid to format and lose all my important files.
I am afraid to go alone, so in the name of Pan and the Nymphs, Daphnis, come there with me and help me to recover my goose.
I am afraid to go.
I am afraid to jump over the ditch.
I am afraid to say something.
I am afraid to speak with her.
I am afraid to write English comments while I'm trying to learn English.
I am afraid we are advancing in the wrong direction.
I am afraid we ran out of time for this.
I am afraid you are wrong.
I am afraid you have the advantage of me.
I am afraid you have the wrong number.
I am afraid your plan will not work.
I am afraid your translation is overly literal.
I am afraid your watch is two minutes slow.
I am afraid, my dear Watson, that most of your conclusions were erroneous.
I am afraid.
I am after finishing my homework.
I am after him.
I am against political reform.
I am against the Islamists.
I am against the anti-free-speech tendencies of some advocates of political correctness.
I am against the death penalty.
I am against the war, of course.
I am against this project.
I am against this trip.
I am against using death as a punishment. I am also against using it as a reward.
I am against war.
I am against working on Sundays.
I am aging.
I am aiming at that duck.
I am alarmed by your irresponsible attitude.
I am alive even though I am not giving any sign of life.
I am all alone in a foreign country.
I am all but ready.
I am all ears to what you say.
I am all ears.
I am all mixed up.
I am all talk.
I am allergic to analgesics.
I am allergic to aspirin, penicillin, and sulfa drugs.
I am allergic to cats.
I am allergic to kiwi.
I am allergic to milk.
I am allergic to peanuts.
I am allergic to penicillin.
I am allergic to pollen.
I am allergic to roses.
I am allergic to sulfa drugs.
I am allowed 1,000 yen a month for books.
I am allowed to swim in the river.
I am allowing clover to grow on the edges.
I am alluding to Mary.
I am almost 180 centimeters tall.
I am almost 40 years old and I am still single.
I am almost always in my office.
I am almost certain about that.
I am almost ninety years old.
I am almost ready.
I am almost scared to talk with you.
I am alone and feel I can write this to you.
I am alone in the world.
I am alone.
I am already able to write Chinese characters.
I am already accustomed to sitting on tatami.
I am already acquainted with that situation.
I am already awake.
I am already flying home.
I am already forgetting my grandmother's face.
I am already forgetting my grandmother’s face.
I am already going to Norway and Finland.
I am already hating life on Earth.
I am already in my office.
I am already in the village.
I am already late.
I am already old and can hardly manage all of my affairs.
I am already old.
I am already paying attention.
I am already prepared.
I am already retired.
I am already searching for my glasses again.
I am already tired if I wake up in the morning.
I am already very tired, but I still have a lot of work I need to do.
I am already wet!
I am already what you call elderly.
I am also a citizen of Tokyo.
I am also a language learner.
I am also a tourist.
I am also fine.
I am also from the village.
I am also happy.
I am also here.
I am also in my house.
I am also one of them.
I am also pleased to meet you.
I am also proud to carry with me the goodwill of the American people, and a greeting of peace from Muslim communities in my country: assalaamu alaykum.
I am also responsible of what happened.
I am also seventeen years old.
I am also tired today.
I am also unemployed.
I am also very bad.
I am also very glad to have met you.
I am always at home on Sundays.
I am always cheated on.
I am always craving new knowledge about anything.
I am always freed of all of my worries and concerns in the depth of the night.
I am always grumbling.
I am always harder on myself than I am on other people.
I am always helped by you.
I am always in need of money.
I am always leaving my umbrella on the train.
I am always looking at documents.
I am always pleased when I find a reason to say hello to you.
I am always proud of my family.
I am always putting out my whole heart into projects of mine.
I am always putting some time aside for dedicating and for allowing time to dedicate to my passion for languages.
I am always ready to help you.
I am always ready to learn although I do not always like being taught.
I am always right.
I am always seeking out new knowledge.
I am always tense before I get on an airplane.
I am always thinking about eating.
I am always wrong.
I am amazed at your audacity.
I am amazed by his patience.
I am amazed by the wisdom and honesty of this person.
I am ambidextrous.
I am among the chosen few.
I am among the chosen ones.
I am amused by the idea of commanding by saying "Be a snail!"
I am an 11-year-old girl.
I am an Algerian citizen.
I am an Algerian.
I am an American citizen.
I am an American singer.
I am an American student.
I am an American, a Bolivian.
I am an American.
I am an Arabic teacher.
I am an ENTJ.
I am an Earthling.
I am an Egyptian man.
I am an Egyptian.
I am an Egyptologist.
I am an English citizen.
I am an English student.
I am an English teacher.
I am an Esperantist, because being Swiss is not enough for me.
I am an Esperantist.
I am an Esperanto beginner.
I am an Indian and I come from India.
I am an Iraqi citizen.
I am an Uyghur.
I am an acrobat.
I am an active member of the Hungarian Esperanto Association.
I am an actress.
I am an adult.
I am an adventurer each day.
I am an advocate of free speech for everybody.
I am an advocate of linguistic diversity.
I am an ally of the weak.
I am an altruist.
I am an ambassador.
I am an architecture student and I have never worked at a construction site.
I am an ardent believer in pacifism.
I am an artist.
I am an astrologer.
I am an atheist, but I am an orthodox atheist!
I am an atheist.
I am an attorney.
I am an avid lover of early music.
I am an eager student of magic.
I am an earthquake.
I am an eighteen-year-old student of mathematics.
I am an electrician, ain't I?
I am an electrician.
I am an employee at a company.
I am an enchanted Princess, and my father has promised that the man who releases me from the spell shall have the third of his kingdom while he is alive, and the whole of it after he is dead, and marry me as well.
I am an engineer.
I am an entrepreneur.
I am an eternal PC-newbie.
I am an excellent foreign language teacher.
I am an experienced announcer.
I am an expert when it comes to extracting the truth from any unsaid and unresolved life situations.
I am an honest person.
I am an idealist. I don't know where I'm going but I'm on my way.
I am an idiot! Kill me somebody!
I am an idiot! Kill me, somebody!
I am an idiot, you shouldn't listen to any of my opinions. I know nothing about the Eurovision Song Contest.
I am an independent person.
I am an inhabitant of Earth.
I am an inhabitant of planet Earth.
I am an insomniac.
I am an intermediary who introduces business.
I am an introvert.
I am an invisible man.
I am an office worker.
I am an old footballer.
I am an old student of the Russian language, but, unfortunately, I do not have complete mastery of that beautiful language.
I am an omnivore.
I am an only child.
I am an optimist by nature.
I am an ordinary person.
I am an orthopedist.
I am an unemployed teacher.
I am an unimportant being.
I am an unknown artist.
I am and will remain a foreigner.
I am angry that she didn't keep her promise.
I am angry that she didn’t keep her promise.
I am angry today.
I am angry with him.
I am angry with myself because I considered someone like you.
I am angry with myself.
I am angry.
I am ankylosed by inactivity. No exit, no solution is possible, since the problem remains!
I am annoyed because it is not there.
I am annoyed by his carelessness.
I am annoyed by your egotism.
I am annoying my sister.
I am annoying.
I am anti-EU.
I am anticipating a good vacation at the seaside.
I am anxious about his health.
I am anxious about the future.
I am anxious about the result.
I am anxious about the results of the examination.
I am anxious about your health.
I am anxious by nature.
I am anxious for his success.
I am anxious for you and my brother to become acquainted.
I am anxious for your success.
I am anxious that nobody should be hurt.
I am anxious to see what there is to be seen of the country.
I am anxious to visit Britain once again.
I am anything but a liar.
I am applying for a job.
I am applying ointment on the spots.
I am appreciated.
I am apprehensive of the outcome.
I am around 190 centimetres tall.
I am arresting you.
I am as I am, but I am not always what I want to be.
I am as I am.
I am as free as the wind.
I am as good as Tom MacKartney.
I am as happy as a cat in pajamas.
I am as happy as a clam.
I am as happy as can be.
I am as interested in writing poems as you are.
I am as light as a feather, I am as happy as an angel, I am as merry as a school-boy. I am as giddy as a drunken man. A merry Christmas to everybody! A happy New Year to all the world.
I am as much in love as on the first day.
I am as much in the wrong as you are about not writing before this.
I am as old as he is.
I am as old as he.
I am as old as your son.
I am as rich as he is.
I am as rich as you.
I am as sad and lonely as can be.
I am as smart as anyone else in my class.
I am as strong as you.
I am as surprised as you.
I am as tall as he.
I am as tired as a dog.
I am as tired as you.
I am asexual.
I am ashamed about what happened yesterday.
I am ashamed of having been lazy.
I am ashamed of having been rude to her.
I am ashamed of having been rude to him.
I am ashamed of having done so.
I am ashamed of my conduct.
I am ashamed of my poor English.
I am ashamed of my president.
I am ashamed of my son having done so.
I am ashamed of my son's conduct.
I am ashamed of my son's laziness.
I am ashamed of my son’s conduct.
I am ashamed of my son’s laziness.
I am ashamed of myself for my poor English.
I am ashamed of myself.
I am ashamed of not having been kind to her.
I am ashamed of the both of us.
I am ashamed of you.
I am ashamed of your behavior.
I am ashamed of your conduct.
I am ashamed of your despicable deed.
I am ashamed to admit that I have not done anything again today.
I am ashamed to call you my friend.
I am ashamed to say that the job is not finished.
I am ashamed to see her.
I am ashamed to use the language they speak.
I am ashamed.
I am asking businesses to be creative. If you can make a uniform, why can’t you make a mask?
I am asking questions to my father.
I am asking where you are.
I am asking you for patience.
I am asking you if I could have some of that sweet sauce.
I am asking you to help me with this.
I am asking you to vote for the Labour Party, because that would give you a government that can truly take responsibility for the country's economy.
I am assembling the washing machine.
I am assumed to be deputizing for the absent colleague.
I am assumed to go to London.
I am assured of his honesty.
I am assured of your help.
I am astigmatic.
I am at a complete loss for words.
I am at a loss for what I have to say.
I am at a loss for words.
I am at a loss how to answer the question.
I am at a loss to know what Taro means.
I am at a loss what to buy him for his birthday.
I am at a loss what to do.
I am at a work meeting, which is the reason for my slow replies.
I am at home at five o'clock.
I am at home every evening.
I am at home with the geography of Higashikakogawa.
I am at home.
I am at law school.
I am at least a little bit hungry.
I am at lunch.
I am at school at the moment.
I am at school now and I will stay here until 8 o'clock.
I am at school now and I will stay here until 8 o’clock.
I am at the bank.
I am at the beach.
I am at the car wash.
I am at the city gates.
I am at the dentist.
I am at the end of my patience.
I am at the railway station, in Paris. You will come to pick me up?
I am at the rear of him.
I am at the theater watching the opera.
I am at the traffic light.
I am at vocational school.
I am at war with you.
I am at your mercy.
I am at your service.
I am attached to her.
I am attracted to a certain boy in my class.
I am attracted to mature, plump women.
I am attractive to every woman and man on the planet.
I am attractive.
I am available the whole day, therefore I can come at whatever time is more convenient for you.
I am available.
I am awaiting an agreement.
I am awake.
I am aware of my environment.
I am aware of my surroundings.
I am aware of only Perry Rhodan as a German science fiction franchise.
I am aware of our mistakes.
I am aware of the consequences.
I am aware of the fact.
I am aware of the risks.
I am aware of the rumors spreading among the local folk.
I am aware of their mistakes.
I am aware that I exist.
I am aware that my hip aches when it rains.
I am aware that some question or justify the events of 9/11. But let us be clear: al Qaeda killed nearly 3,000 people on that day.
I am aware this is Thursday.
I am aware you don't love them.
I am aware, and aware that I am aware, and aware that I am aware that I am aware ...
I am away.
I am awesome at cooking curry.
I am awkward with numbers.
I am back from my absence.
I am back from work.
I am back in the village.
I am badly in need of your help.
I am baffled.
I am baking bread.
I am barking like a dog.
I am barren.
I am basking in the spring sun.
I am beating my dog.
I am beautiful.
I am because you are, and therefore we are.
I am become death, the destroyer of worlds.
I am becoming a working adult in January.
I am becoming accustomed to the severe climate here bit by bit.
I am before you.
I am begging Linda.
I am beginning to like Ken little by little.
I am beginning to remember it.
I am beginning to suspect that I am the love of my life.
I am beginning to understand it.
I am beginning to understand.
I am being abused.
I am being followed.
I am being guided.
I am being hit on.
I am being paranoid, aren't I?
I am being paranoid, aren’t I?
I am being served.
I am below grade point average.
I am beside myself!
I am betrayed.
I am better on my own.
I am better than all my competitors.
I am better than her.
I am better than you.
I am better.
I am beyond not in the mood for this crap today.
I am big! It's the pictures that got small.
I am bit weak at figures.
I am bitterly disappointed.
I am bleeding between my periods.
I am bleeding from my anus.
I am bleeding.
I am blessed if I know it.
I am blessed with good health.
I am blessed with my life.
I am blind in the left eye.
I am blind in the right eye.
I am blind.
I am blinking my eyes.
I am blonde, of course.
I am boarding with my uncle.
I am boiling the water in a saucepan.
I am boiling water.
I am bored in class.
I am bored out of my mind.
I am bored stiff.
I am bored to death.
I am bored with living.
I am bored.
I am boring.
I am borrowing money.
I am both my father and my son.
I am bound to attend the meeting.
I am bound to him by a close friendship.
I am bound to solve this question.
I am bound to tell what I am told, but not in every case to believe it.
I am braking.
I am braying like a donkey.
I am breaking the law.
I am breast-feeding my daughter.
I am breast-feeding my son.
I am breastfeeding my daughter.
I am breastfeeding my son.
I am breathing polluted air.
I am breathing.
I am bringing down this old wall.
I am broke.
I am brushing my hair.
I am brushing my teeth.
I am building a big building.
I am building a wall.
I am burning with desire to see you.
I am busy cooking at the moment.
I am busy now and can't go out.
I am busy now and can't play with you.
I am busy now and can’t go out.
I am busy now and can’t play with you.
I am busy now.
I am busy preparing for the next exam.
I am busy this week because I practice driving.
I am busy today.
I am busy tomorrow. I am meeting three different people in the day.
I am busy, and I'm not interested in that, either.
I am busy, and I’m not interested in that, either.
I am busy.
I am busy; otherwise I would accept your invitation.
I am but mad north-north-west. When the wind is southerly, I know a hawk from a handsaw.
I am buying a bed.
I am buying a dress for the wedding.
I am buying a house.
I am buying a ladder in the hardware store.
I am buying a new car.
I am buying a new umbrella.
I am buying a toy.
I am buying books.
I am buying candy and cookies.
I am buying my girlfriend colorful flowers.
I am buying oranges and apples.
I am by nature majorly pessimistic.
I am by no means absent from this class because I am lazy.
I am by no means satisfied with my present income.
I am by no means saying that you're a toxic co-worker.
I am by turns an optimist and a pessimist.
I am calculating my salary.
I am called Dusanna.
I am called John.
I am called John. What about you?
I am called Juan.
I am called Julius.
I am called Lin Feng.
I am called Mirjam.
I am called Sara.
I am called the son of Achilles, Neoptolemos.
I am calling back my wife.
I am calling from Germany.
I am calling from my office.
I am calling my brother.
I am calling my father.
I am calling the police!
I am calling the police.
I am calling to make an appointment with you.
I am calm.
I am carding the wool.
I am careful when I give my address to a stranger.
I am careful.
I am carted on a wheelchair.
I am categorically opposed to the company declaring bankruptcy.
I am certain of his coming.
I am certain of your success.
I am certain that he is not guilty.
I am certain that he will pass the exam.
I am certain that he will quit his job.
I am certain that there are many other things we could do.
I am certain that there will be beautiful weather tomorrow.
I am certain that we will find a solution.
I am certain that you have noble thoughts.
I am certain they never dreamt that a lovely little mermaid was standing down below, stretching up her white hands toward the keel.
I am certainly able to beat Tom.
I am certainly entitled to speak like this.
I am certainly not undermined by any of life's struggles.
I am certainly very stubborn and stupid!
I am changing my clothes.
I am charged with an important mission.
I am charmed to see you.
I am chasing the dragon.
I am chatting with you.
I am checking my mailbox.
I am chewing.
I am choosing not to discuss this subject further with you.
I am choosy with the wine.
I am circumcised.
I am class president.
I am cleaning the kitchen.
I am clearing my orchard.
I am clearing my throat.
I am clever, sensitive and imaginative.
I am climbing a palm tree.
I am close to the bridge.
I am closing the garage.
I am closing the window because it is cold.
I am clueless about why he left work.
I am coating the wall with lime.
I am cold.
I am collecting money to save the sea turtles.
I am come to offer what service may be in my power.
I am coming from out of town.
I am coming from the battle front. I ran all the way from there.
I am coming home from school early.
I am coming inside to drink coffee.
I am coming on Saturday.
I am coming three times this week.
I am coming to get you.
I am coming to kill you.
I am coming to the village.
I am coming today.
I am coming with Paul.
I am coming with you.
I am coming.
I am commuting to university.
I am compelled to do it.
I am complaining to the principal.
I am completely accustomed to this kind of work now.
I am completely against it.
I am completely agog over your diaphanous dress.
I am completely alone in the world.
I am completely and totally against immigration and emigration. No one should ever be allowed to enter or leave this city. Boston for the Bostonians!
I am completely dejected.
I am completely drained.
I am completely exhausted.
I am completely out of breath.
I am completely sure of your innocence.
I am completing this list day after day, following my discoveries.
I am concerned about his health.
I am concerned about his poor health.
I am concerned about my legacy.
I am concerned about the situation.
I am concerned for her safety.
I am concerned for her.
I am concerned for your health.
I am concerned, maybe he will receive an injury.
I am concerned.
I am confident he will keep his promise.
I am confronted with a difficult problem.
I am confronted with a great danger.
I am confused by your frenzied behaviour.
I am confused.
I am confused. Where should I go?
I am connected to the United States via a web VPN. So the Russians can therefore know everything that I'm writing. Wow!
I am connecting this computer to the Internet.
I am considered as an antiquated individual.
I am considering changing my job.
I am considering divorcing her.
I am considering how to settle the matter.
I am considering leaving her.
I am considering recording my sentences in Czech.
I am considering teaching Berber.
I am considering travelling abroad.
I am consistently in awe of the ways that people are continuing to do what they love while stuck in their houses.
I am consoling Mary.
I am constantly amazed at the energy of my grandparents.
I am constantly forgetting names.
I am constantly forgetting people's names.
I am constantly forgetting people’s names.
I am constantly looking for flaws in others and trying to find out where their own shortcomings kick in and where they are the most apparent and I'm always looking out for people's personal pitfalls.
I am constantly receiving messages with ads!
I am constantly thinking about her.
I am constipated.
I am constitutionally averse to getting carried away with feelings.
I am constrained by lack of time.
I am consumed by remorse.
I am content with my circumstances.
I am content with my current position.
I am content with my job.
I am content.
I am contented with my lot.
I am convinced of her innocence.
I am convinced of his honesty.
I am convinced of his innocence.
I am convinced of the truth that he was in love with my sister.
I am convinced of your innocence.
I am convinced that Christians, Muslims, Buddhists, Hindus, Jews, and others can embrace each other in a common effort to alleviate human suffering and to espouse peace.
I am convinced that I am right.
I am convinced that I understand you perfectly.
I am convinced that he did nothing wrong.
I am convinced that he is innocent.
I am convinced that he really believed in his heart that I came round to the Chestnuts three days a week for the pleasure of his company, and very especially to hear his views upon bimetallism–a subject upon which he was by way of being an authority.
I am convinced that my son is innocent.
I am convinced that something is happening between them.
I am convinced that things will change for the better.
I am convinced that you will succeed.
I am cooing like a pigeon.
I am cooking broccoli.
I am cooking forty meals.
I am cooking now.
I am cooking something.
I am cooking the lunch.
I am cooking these vegetables in the frying pan.
I am copying your sentences.
I am correcting my mistakes.
I am corresponding with an American high school student.
I am corresponding with my granny's friend.
I am coughing up blood.
I am coughing up sputum.
I am coughing.
I am counting in German.
I am counting on you to deliver the opening address.
I am counting on you to give the opening address.
I am counting on you to help me with the arrangements for the party. Please do not let me down!
I am counting on you to join us.
I am counting on you.
I am counting on your help.
I am cranky.
I am crawling like a baby.
I am crazy about golf.
I am crazy about you.
I am crazy for her!
I am crazy for him!
I am crazy for them!
I am crazy over you.
I am creative. I do not just like learning languages. I like creating them. I am a conlanger.
I am critical of Corbyn, but the U.K. would be much better off with him in charge.
I am crying because I’m sad.
I am crying.
I am cuddling my stuffed toy.
I am curious about Japanese culture.
I am curious if Tom did it.
I am curious whether Turkey will someday join the EU. A non-Christian member would have an interesting influence.
I am curious.
I am currently holding down a professorship at a small, privately endowed Tech college, have some mentionable background in both nuclear physics and biochemistry, possess a choice collection of rather good jazz records, have a particular fondness for barbecued spareribs—and, of late, have become an inventor.
I am currently learning Esperanto.
I am currently living in Beijing.
I am currently living in Moscow.
I am currently living in Switzerland.
I am currently looking for a job.
I am currently staying at the hotel.
I am cursed by blind fate.
I am cursed with really dry skin.
I am cute, right?
I am cutting an apple.
I am cutting the meat.
I am damned!
I am dancing.
I am dating my cram school teacher.
I am dead serious.
I am dead tired from walking around all day.
I am dead tired.
I am dead to you.
I am dead.
I am deaf on one ear.
I am deaf.
I am deahtly afraid of getting too near from snakes.
I am dealing with difficulties.
I am decorating my room with Berber symbols.
I am decorating the classroom.
I am deeply ashamed.
I am deeply attached to my hometown.
I am deeply attached to old temples in Kyoto.
I am deeply grateful to you for your kindness.
I am deeply in debt to him.
I am deeply indebted to my friends for all their help.
I am deeply interested in art.
I am deeply saddened to know that your father has died.
I am definitely getting the least enjoyment out of my book.
I am deliberately speaking loudly.
I am delighted at your success.
I am delighted that it's all come to an end.
I am delighted that we are meeting here.
I am delighted to be here.
I am delighted to have met you today.
I am delighted to have you on board.
I am delighted to meet you.
I am delighted to see my grandmother and talk of the past.
I am depressed by my illness.
I am depressed by the results of the poll.
I am depressed by the results of the vote.
I am depressed.
I am descended from a graceful family.
I am designing a line of streetwear.
I am desirous of a sculpture.
I am determined to be a scientist.
I am determined to carry out this plan.
I am determined to give up smoking.
I am determined to learn.
I am determined to make a living as a playwright at all costs.
I am determined to make a living as a playwright.
I am determined to put the plan into practice no matter what others may say.
I am determined to spend my lifetime pursuing my ideals.
I am devoid of power.
I am diabetes.
I am diabetic.
I am different from Tom.
I am different mentally, but that doesn't mean I'm mentally ill.
I am digging a well.
I am diligently studying German vocabulary.
I am dirty-blond.
I am disabled and do not work.
I am disappointed at the news.
I am disappointed in my son.
I am disappointed that my friend is not here.
I am disappointed that my friends are not here.
I am disappointed with you.
I am disappointed.
I am disconsolate!
I am discouraged from translating into English.
I am disgusted by that behavior.
I am disgusted by their constant negativity.
I am disgusted by their lack of manners.
I am disgusted by this meat body that I'm forced to inhabit.
I am disgusted with him.
I am disgusted with myself for my short memory.
I am disgusted with you.
I am disillusioned with you.
I am dissatisfied with his manners at the party.
I am distressed for thee, my brother Jonathan; very pleasant hast thou been unto me. Thy love to me was wonderful, passing the love of women.
I am distressed for you, my brother Jonathan; you have been very pleasant to me. Your love to me was wonderful, surpassing the love of a woman.
I am distrusful of random total strangers.
I am disturbing Mary because she always disturbs me.
I am divorced.
I am dizzy.
I am doing a video in Berber.
I am doing all I can.
I am doing better than ever before.
I am doing business on a large scale.
I am doing fine.
I am doing it right now.
I am doing my best to follow the conversation, but I don't know the language well enough to understand everything.
I am doing my best.
I am doing my homework.
I am doing office work now.
I am doing shopping at the market.
I am doing the dishes.
I am doing the work.
I am doing well at school.
I am doing well, thank you.
I am doing well.
I am donating bone marrow.
I am done for.
I am done my homework.
I am done putting up with your childish antics.
I am done teaching.
I am done with Tom and Mary. They are dishonest people.
I am doubtful of his success.
I am doubtful whether he will come.
I am downloading books.
I am downloading the images.
I am dozing off.
I am dozing.
I am drawing a bird.
I am drawing a cat.
I am drawing a circle.
I am drawing a house.
I am drawing a mouse.
I am dreaming of holiday.
I am dreaming.
I am dressed in red from head to toe.
I am drilling the door.
I am drinking a cup of blueberry tea in the teahouse.
I am drinking beer for half an hour.
I am drinking beer right now.
I am drinking beer.
I am drinking coffee at a cafe.
I am drinking coffee.
I am drinking cold water.
I am drinking his beer.
I am drinking hot wine.
I am drinking milk.
I am drinking mineral water.
I am drinking warm chocolate milk.
I am drinking water.
I am drinking with a straw.
I am drinking.
I am driving a truck.
I am driving straight to the house.
I am driving the van into the yard.
I am driving to Asif n Ɣiṛ.
I am driving.
I am drooling like a dog.
I am drowning.
I am drunk.
I am due to speak tonight.
I am duly flattered by your proposal.
I am dumb.
I am dumbfounded.
I am dyeing my hair brown.
I am dying for a cold drink.
I am dying for you.
I am dying of hunger.
I am dying to be with you.
I am dying to escape.
I am dying to see her again.
I am eager to be present at the party.
I am eager to see you.
I am easily affected by cold weather.
I am easily inspired and have lots of good ideas.
I am eating a banana.
I am eating a chewy local delicacy.
I am eating a cucumber.
I am eating a doughnut.
I am eating a hamburger.
I am eating a peanut butter and banana sandwich.
I am eating a pear.
I am eating a sandwich with margarine.
I am eating a sandwich.
I am eating a sandwitch.
I am eating a slice of watermelon.
I am eating a watermelon.
I am eating an apple.
I am eating bread and crying on the floor.
I am eating bread and sausages.
I am eating bread.
I am eating breadsticks.
I am eating breakfast in the company canteen.
I am eating butter.
I am eating cereal.
I am eating cheese.
I am eating chicken.
I am eating couscous.
I am eating dinner with my husband.
I am eating fried fish.
I am eating fruit.
I am eating lemons.
I am eating lunch with my sister.
I am eating noodles.
I am eating normally.
I am eating now because I am hungry.
I am eating pasta.
I am eating rice.
I am eating something.
I am eating the apple.
I am eating the bread.
I am eating tofu.
I am eating up everything!
I am eating with my bro.
I am eating with my brother.
I am eating with my sibling.
I am eating with my sister.
I am eating your bread.
I am eating, which is different to drinking.
I am eating.
I am economically independent of my parents.
I am eighteen years old.
I am eighty two years old.
I am eighty-five years old.
I am eighty-nine years old.
I am eighty-seven.
I am either going to see a film, or going to see an opera.
I am either going to watch a movie, or chat with my friends.
I am embarrassed by my past conduct.
I am embarrassed.
I am employed as a librarian in an academic library.
I am enamored by you.
I am encouraged by his progress in class.
I am encouraging my brother.
I am engaged in AIDS research.
I am engaged in a new business.
I am engaged to her.
I am engaged to him.
I am engrossed in sailing.
I am enjoying myself on the beach.
I am enjoying myself.
I am enjoying the last rays of the autumn sunshine.
I am enough.
I am enraged.
I am entering the cafe to get something to drink.
I am entirely at your service.
I am entirely incapable of accepting this minister's arguments.
I am entrenched in my silence.
I am envied.
I am envious of his success.
I am epileptic.
I am escaping to Tamaright.
I am especially proud of our teams that built Webb’s mirrors, and the complex back-end electronics and software that will empower it to see deep into space with extreme precision.
I am eternally dissatisfied.
I am euphoric.
I am even well-aware of it but today is going to be the day where I'm going to make an incredible encounter with a beautiful guy.
I am everywhere.
I am evil.
I am exactly thinking about this problem.
I am excited about our new Turkish course.
I am excited at the prospect of seeing her.
I am excited to continue to learn Berber.
I am excited to learn Berber.
I am excited to try the new sushi restaurant that just opened up in town.
I am exercising.
I am exhausted from a two-hour examination.
I am exhausted with toil.
I am exhausted, extremely tired.
I am exhausted.
I am expecting a letter from her.
I am expecting a letter from him.
I am expecting some serious work from you.
I am expecting visitors.
I am experienced.
I am explaining the rules.
I am explaining.
I am exploring how we can successfully elevate the U.S.-Brazil relationship on the Hill by slotting these dialogues into a new, overarching Strategic Economic Dialogue.
I am extinguishing the fire with water.
I am extremely competent.
I am extremely confused by this. If this is what we call 'the Way of Heaven', then is it right or is it wrong?
I am extremely confused by this. If this is what we call ’the Way of Heaven’, then is it right or is it wrong?
I am extremely disappointed that Tom has all manner of apple trees in his garden, but not a single peach tree.
I am extremely envious of those people.
I am extremely honoured to receive your praise.
I am extremely hungry.
I am extremely scared of spiders.
I am extremely tired.
I am extremely unpleasant.
I am faced with a mountain of problems.
I am failing at cooking.
I am faking.
I am familiar with him.
I am familiar with his music.
I am familiar with the author's name.
I am familiar with the author’s name.
I am familiar with the geography of this town.
I am familiar with the piano.
I am familiar with the way he asks questions.
I am familiar with this computer.
I am familiar with this neighborhood.
I am familiar with this part of town.
I am familiar with this subject.
I am familiar with your name.
I am famous.
I am fan of football.
I am fanning myself with a magazine.
I am far from blaming him.
I am far from blaming you.
I am far from happy.
I am far from pleased with your behavior.
I am far from sad.
I am far from satisfied with the result.
I am far from the tree.
I am fascinated by Spinoza's pantheism, but I admire even more his contribution to modern thought because he is the first philosopher to deal with the soul and body as one, and not two separate things.
I am fascinated by Thom J. Défilet.
I am fascinated by clouds and clocks on old photographs - perhaps because they can be understood as symbols of the transience and continuous passage of time.
I am fascinated by modern AI research.
I am fascinated by palindromes.
I am fascinated not so much by ballet itself as by the way the human body moves.
I am fastidious when practicing my kegels.
I am fasting today.
I am fasting.
I am fat.
I am fat. I'm not anorexic.
I am fatigued from their continual demands.
I am fearless.
I am fed up with Tom.
I am fed up with everything.
I am fed up with her complaints.
I am fed up with his behaviour.
I am fed up with his vulgar jokes.
I am fed up with imperfect people, so I've decided to isolate myself for a while.
I am fed up with it.
I am fed up with my neighbors's presence.
I am fed up with my old fridge.
I am fed up with talking to her.
I am fed up with talking to you!
I am fed up with this wet weather.
I am fed up with your nonsense.
I am fed up.
I am feeding my baby.
I am feeling better today.
I am feeling dizzy.
I am feeling easily angered right now and there is so little that can flare up my anger.
I am feeling feelings of guilt at the things I did.
I am feeling jetlagged.
I am feeling much better now.
I am feeling nauseous.
I am feeling pretty safe.
I am feeling quite pleased about what you've said.
I am feeling quite pleased about what you’ve said.
I am feeling sad about it.
I am feeling sleepy.
I am feeling too much ashamed about killing my own parents.
I am feeling up-lifted at the thought of it.
I am feeling wonderfully refreshed.
I am feeling younger again.
I am fifty.
I am fighting for my future.
I am filing a lawsuit.
I am filled with admiration for your bravery.
I am filled with sorrow.
I am filling in a questionnaire.
I am filling this bottle with oil.
I am filming.
I am filthy rich.
I am finally quits with the man.
I am finding it very difficult to believe.
I am finding myself in straitened circumstances because of the recession.
I am fine, and you?
I am fine, thank you very much.
I am fine, thank you.
I am fine.
I am finished reading all of the books in this library.
I am finished.
I am finishing my translation.
I am firmly opposed to this.
I am fishing on the lake.
I am five feet, two inches tall.
I am five years older than my sister.
I am fixing a meal.
I am fixing computers.
I am fixing the clock.
I am fixing the stove.
I am fixing the washing machine.
I am flexible.
I am fluent in Berber.
I am flying by plane for the first time.
I am flying to Paris the morning after tomorrow.
I am flying.
I am folding my dress.
I am following a Swiss.
I am following that car.
I am fond of Australian food.
I am fond of Cathy.
I am fond of cars.
I am fond of children, but that doesn't mean that I want to have a baby.
I am fond of music.
I am fond of playing the guitar.
I am fond of reading.
I am fond of skiing.
I am fond of soccer, rugby, football, and so on.
I am fond of the cinema.
I am food.
I am for your opinion.
I am forbidden to stay out after 10 o'clock.
I am forbidden to stay out after 10 o’clock.
I am forbidden to use this telephone.
I am forbidden tobacco.
I am forced to do it.
I am forced to get involved.
I am forced to stay at home.
I am forever busy.
I am forever in trouble.
I am forever in your debt.
I am forever indebted to her.
I am forever indebted to him.
I am forever indebted to them.
I am forever indebted to you.
I am forever successful.
I am fortunate compared with him.
I am fortunate enough to have access to an excellent library.
I am forty-five years old.
I am four months pregnant.
I am four months younger than you.
I am four years younger than him.
I am fourteen years old.
I am free all afternoon on February 27.
I am free all day, I'll come and see you at any time that suits you.
I am free all day, I’ll come and see you at any time that suits you.
I am free at last.
I am free from abnormalities.
I am free from care.
I am free from work today.
I am free of debt.
I am free of past guilt.
I am free this afternoon.
I am free this evening.
I am free till 6 o'clock this evening.
I am free till 6 o’clock this evening.
I am free to criticize the US.
I am free to make remarks about the US.
I am free tonight.
I am free.
I am freezing.
I am friendly with her.
I am friendly.
I am friends with Mike.
I am friends with her.
I am friends with some of them.
I am frightened of walking in the darkness.
I am from Africa.
I am from Afrin.
I am from Algeria and I speak Berber fluently.
I am from Algeria.
I am from Algiers, Algeria.
I am from Algiers.
I am from America, but France is my second home.
I am from America.
I am from Asia.
I am from Beijing.
I am from Brazil, and you?
I am from Brazil.
I am from Budapest.
I am from China.
I am from Columbia.
I am from Djibouti.
I am from Ecuador.
I am from Egypt.
I am from England.
I am from France.
I am from Gibraltar.
I am from Greece.
I am from Hiroshima, but now I live in Tokyo.
I am from Hungary.
I am from Kabylie, Algeria.
I am from Kabylie.
I am from Kyoto.
I am from Latin America.
I am from London.
I am from Mongolia.
I am from North America.
I am from North Korea.
I am from Norway.
I am from Ohio.
I am from Oslo.
I am from Poland.
I am from Portugal.
I am from Rima's school.
I am from Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
I am from Rio de Janeiro, and you?
I am from Russia.
I am from Shikoku.
I am from Shizuoka.
I am from Skopje.
I am from Slovakia.
I am from South America.
I am from Spain.
I am from Tokyo, Japan.
I am from Tokyo.
I am from Turkey.
I am from a mining family.
I am from the City of Manila.
I am from the Netherlands.
I am from the Republic of Poland, you are from the Federal Republic of Germany.
I am from the USA.
I am from the United States.
I am from three islands.
I am frying fish.
I am full of anxiety about the future.
I am full of doubt.
I am full of energy today.
I am full of energy.
I am full of potatoes.
I am full of rage.
I am full up.
I am full, and I can eat no more.
I am full, thank you.
I am full.
I am full; I do not want any more.
I am fully aware of Tom's activities.
I am fully convinced of your innocence.
I am fully convinced.
I am fully satisfied with my new house.
I am funny.
I am game for anything!
I am game!
I am gardening these days just to kill time.
I am gay.
I am genetically predisposed to immunodeficiency.
I am getting a cold.
I am getting across the river.
I am getting bad luck.
I am getting big!
I am getting bored.
I am getting crazy according to everyone.
I am getting dressed.
I am getting fat because I eat a lot of sweets.
I am getting fat!
I am getting fed up with my neighbor's toxic behavior.
I am getting good vibes from this place.
I am getting married to the most beautiful girl in town.
I am getting off at the next station.
I am getting off at the next stop.
I am getting old!
I am getting old: I am more and more distracted.
I am getting on for twenty and have become engaged.
I am getting on well.
I am getting ready.
I am getting short!
I am getting slim!
I am getting small!
I am getting strong.
I am getting tall!
I am getting weak!
I am getting weaker and weaker!
I am given a monthly allowance of fifty thousand yen.
I am giving Tom a last chance.
I am giving her a bracelet for her birthday.
I am giving him a bracelet for his birthday.
I am giving my bike away.
I am giving you a book.
I am giving you a little gift.
I am giving you a star.
I am giving you an order.
I am giving you the key to the house, but don’t lose it.
I am giving you what you want.
I am glad I did not buy such a thing.
I am glad I met you.
I am glad I was not born before tea.
I am glad Taninna likes this Kabyle dress.
I am glad for three reasons.
I am glad it was someone else who got it.
I am glad no one is around.
I am glad that I learned it.
I am glad that I wasn't here.
I am glad that everything has ended up this way.
I am glad that everything has finished this way.
I am glad that the matter was settled amicably.
I am glad that you brought it to my attention.
I am glad that you came back.
I am glad that you have accepted my reasons.
I am glad that you have helped me.
I am glad that you have returned safe.
I am glad that you have returned.
I am glad that you have succeeded.
I am glad that you like Tom.
I am glad to accept your invitation.
I am glad to be among you.
I am glad to be back again.
I am glad to be here.
I am glad to be with you.
I am glad to have Tom here.
I am glad to have discovered Tatoeba.
I am glad to have found Tom.
I am glad to have helped you last week.
I am glad to have her company.
I am glad to have learnt that.
I am glad to have you in my life.
I am glad to hear it.
I am glad to hear of your success.
I am glad to hear that we were not seriously hurt.
I am glad to hear that you have got well.
I am glad to hear that you know how she is called.
I am glad to hear that your aunt is doing better.
I am glad to hear the news.
I am glad to hear you.
I am glad to help you whenever you need me.
I am glad to help you.
I am glad to know you.
I am glad to make your acquaintance.
I am glad to meet you.
I am glad to receive your support.
I am glad to run into you here.
I am glad to see her again.
I am glad to see her.
I am glad to see him.
I am glad to see that the devil deals as cunningly with other folk as he deals with me; for whenever I am about to commit any folly, he persuades me it is the most necessary, gallant, gentlemanlike thing on earth, and I am up to saddlegirths in the bog before I see that the ground is soft.
I am glad to see that you are capable of learning.
I am glad to see you have apologized for voicing the untrue allegations, but you might need to apologize to the people this has actually affected.
I am glad to see you!
I am glad we've had somewhat of a productive session today.
I am glad when I speak Quechua.
I am glad you are fine.
I am glad you are here.
I am glad you are home.
I am glad you called.
I am glad you like my gift.
I am glad you're over your cold.
I am gladder than you are, am I not?
I am going abroad next year.
I am going abroad this summer.
I am going abroad.
I am going away for a fortnight.
I am going away for two weeks.
I am going back to India.
I am going back to my native country.
I am going back to work.
I am going back.
I am going down the stairs.
I am going fishing.
I am going for shopping now.
I am going grey!
I am going home now.
I am going home with my brother.
I am going hunting early in the morning. Will you come with me?
I am going in the same direction. Come with me. I will take you there.
I am going into the movie business!
I am going on a picnic tomorrow.
I am going on.
I am going out onto the street.
I am going out this afternoon.
I am going out to buy the newspaper.
I am going out, aren't you?
I am going out.
I am going shopping in the afternoon.
I am going shopping.
I am going shopping. Do you need anything?
I am going shopping. Would you like me to buy you anything?
I am going swimming.
I am going to America by plane.
I am going to Ankara by train.
I am going to Denmark on the 20th of May.
I am going to England.
I am going to Europe next week.
I am going to France in Summer this Year.
I am going to Gjoa Haven.
I am going to Hawaii next year.
I am going to Hokkaido in the summer.
I am going to Kabylie, Algeria, to learn Berber.
I am going to New York next week.
I am going to Osaka station.
I am going to Paris this weekend.
I am going to Paris tomorrow.
I am going to Shiprock.
I am going to Spain in the fall.
I am going to Tokyo tomorrow.
I am going to a concert next week.
I am going to a cookout this coming weekend and I am supposed to be bringing the raw hamburgers.
I am going to a corporate event.
I am going to a distant place, you don't want to ask where.
I am going to apply for a scholarship.
I am going to apply for a visa today.
I am going to ascertain the truth of the matter.
I am going to assert his guilt.
I am going to attempt to sublet my apartment.
I am going to attend a funeral tomorrow.
I am going to attend the conference.
I am going to avoid Tom.
I am going to bark like a dog.
I am going to be a doctor.
I am going to be absent.
I am going to be an engineer.
I am going to be an uncle.
I am going to be fourteen.
I am going to be honest with you.
I am going to be loved.
I am going to be much more careful.
I am going to be out from this morning so I won't be able to check my computer. Please text me instead.
I am going to become fluent in Berber.
I am going to become the Joker.
I am going to bed!
I am going to bed.
I am going to buy a beer.
I am going to buy a dozen white cotton handkerchiefs.
I am going to buy a gift.
I am going to buy a new car.
I am going to buy clothes today.
I am going to buy some things.
I am going to call my old teacher.
I am going to call on her tomorrow.
I am going to call on him tomorrow.
I am going to check the work.
I am going to church now.
I am going to church.
I am going to climb Kinabalu. How do I get there?
I am going to come back earlier tomorrow.
I am going to complain to the manager.
I am going to defend Tom.
I am going to do an apprenticeship.
I am going to do it first thing tomorrow.
I am going to do it whether you agree or not.
I am going to do it.
I am going to do my homework when I get home this afternoon.
I am going to do odd jobs during the spring vacation.
I am going to drink my coffee.
I am going to eat an evening meal with a friend.
I am going to eat!
I am going to enquire at the service desk if there are any restaurants around here.
I am going to establish a new world record for swimming.
I am going to exercise on the treadmill.
I am going to explain it completely on the wiki.
I am going to fell the palm tree.
I am going to file a criminal complaint against Tom.
I am going to fill you up so full.
I am going to fill you up with my cum.
I am going to find out if his instructions are accurate.
I am going to finish this work within a month.
I am going to fly my kite this afternoon.
I am going to free the prisoners.
I am going to fry an egg in a pan.
I am going to get a lemonade.
I am going to get dressed.
I am going to get married soon!
I am going to get off at the next stop.
I am going to get that sucker.
I am going to give up smoking.
I am going to give you a beautiful and enlightening example of what I read.
I am going to give you to my number
I am going to go inside.
I am going to go play ball with Mohan.
I am going to go right away.
I am going to go take a nap.
I am going to go to America next year.
I am going to go to Tokyo tomorrow.
I am going to go to sleep right away because I'm very sleepy.
I am going to have John repair my watch.
I am going to have a Chinese lesson.
I am going to have a good day.
I am going to have a great day today.
I am going to have a nap.
I am going to have my watch repaired by John.
I am going to have something to eat.
I am going to have to find the pictures... I have them, but if they are in the attic, I will have to wait for my son to come help get them down.
I am going to hire a car.
I am going to hit the hay.
I am going to hug them.
I am going to husk rice.
I am going to impose boundaries on her.
I am going to impose boundaries on him.
I am going to inform the post office of the change of my address.
I am going to introduce you to my family.
I am going to introduce you to the rest of the crew.
I am going to invite misfortune into my life.
I am going to keep your secret.
I am going to kill you!
I am going to learn Berber.
I am going to learn a lot from you.
I am going to learn to swim over the holiday.
I am going to leave my present job.
I am going to leave tomorrow.
I am going to let her do as she likes.
I am going to lower the curtain.
I am going to major in French.
I am going to make a cornhusk doll.
I am going to make a juice.
I am going to make him a serious offer.
I am going to marry Tom's sister.
I am going to marry that person one day.
I am going to meet my boyfriend at the mall tomorrow.
I am going to milk the cows.
I am going to miss Mennad so much.
I am going to miss him so much.
I am going to miss you.
I am going to my friend's house.
I am going to my friend’s house.
I am going to my room, where I can study.
I am going to name the dog Rocky.
I am going to need your help.
I am going to pick up my brother from school.
I am going to play football tonight.
I am going to play soccer after school.
I am going to play soccer tomorrow.
I am going to play tennis in the afternoon.
I am going to play tennis next Sunday.
I am going to play tennis tomorrow.
I am going to play tennis.
I am going to put my heart into the work.
I am going to put on stockings because it is cold.
I am going to put this machine to the test today.
I am going to put this thing right.
I am going to rape you.
I am going to remove France from the map.
I am going to remove the appendix.
I am going to rent a car.
I am going to repeat it so that you won't forget it.
I am going to rest a little bit.
I am going to rest tonight.
I am going to return this sweater because it's too big.
I am going to return this sweater because it’s too big.
I am going to return to my work.
I am going to save the world.
I am going to say what's on my mind!
I am going to school right now.
I am going to school.
I am going to see him today.
I am going to see if Tom is still there.
I am going to see the dentist tomorrow.
I am going to see the doctor this afternoon.
I am going to see the sights of Nara.
I am going to see where they're going.
I am going to see where they’re going.
I am going to send a letter to myself so I can read it five years later.
I am going to send my son to college.
I am going to shoot down enemy aircraft.
I am going to shoot!
I am going to shop.
I am going to sleep in the car.
I am going to sleep now.
I am going to sleep well tonight.
I am going to sleep.
I am going to slice the bread.
I am going to solve the problem.
I am going to speak Berber.
I am going to speak in Berber now.
I am going to speed up the video.
I am going to spend the weekend in Kanazawa.
I am going to spend the weekend in Tokyo.
I am going to spend this weekend in Hawaii.
I am going to stand up.
I am going to start a long journey.
I am going to start a new job next week.
I am going to start learning Latin.
I am going to start playing this game.
I am going to start.
I am going to stay for another few weeks.
I am going to stay here for a couple of days.
I am going to stay here till the day after tomorrow.
I am going to stay with my aunt in Hawaii.
I am going to stay with my aunt in Kyoto.
I am going to stay with you until Sunday morning.
I am going to stop her ever doing that again.
I am going to study English next year.
I am going to study English this afternoon.
I am going to study English.
I am going to study Icelandic at the University of Iceland next autumn.
I am going to study.
I am going to substantiate this theory.
I am going to summarize my speech.
I am going to summer school from August 10.
I am going to swim a lot this summer.
I am going to swim in the pool.
I am going to take a big chance by migrating to South America.
I am going to take a nap.
I am going to take a short walk.
I am going to take a shower first, since I went running last night and didn't take one afterward.
I am going to take a sip of coffee.
I am going to take a swig of beer.
I am going to take out money.
I am going to take two days off next week.
I am going to take you home.
I am going to take you to the market once more and sell you as dry firewood.
I am going to teach you Berber.
I am going to tear down the wall.
I am going to tell you my life story.
I am going to tell you that.
I am going to tell you the truth.
I am going to that place.
I am going to the US tomorrow.
I am going to the annual community meeting.
I am going to the bakery.
I am going to the beach this weekend.
I am going to the beach today because it's so hot.
I am going to the city of Boston using a car.
I am going to the city.
I am going to the mall.
I am going to the market today.
I am going to the market.
I am going to the meeting.
I am going to the park this afternoon.
I am going to the post office to buy stamps.
I am going to the post office.
I am going to the school at seven.
I am going to the shop.
I am going to the store now.
I am going to the store.
I am going to the swimming pool.
I am going to the theater on the corner.
I am going to the village.
I am going to the washroom for a while.
I am going to think about it.
I am going to translate movies again.
I am going to try something new.
I am going to try to get a good tan.
I am going to undergo an electrocardiography.
I am going to use the highlighter to highlight the main points.
I am going to use the telephone in the phone booth at the street corner.
I am going to use what you hate against you.
I am going to visit Tom today.
I am going to visit my friends.
I am going to visit my girlfriends.
I am going to visit the art exhibition one of these days.
I am going to visit the famous zoo.
I am going to wait until evening.
I am going to wash my hands.
I am going to wash the dishes.
I am going to wash your mouth with soap.
I am going to watch TV this evening.
I am going to watch a movie tonight.
I am going to water the horse.
I am going to wear a shirt.
I am going to work during the spring vacation.
I am going to work in Osaka next year.
I am going to work in the garden tomorrow.
I am going to work out the problem by myself.
I am going to work.
I am going to write a letter tomorrow.
I am going to write a letter.
I am going to write about our parks and mountains.
I am going up the stairs.
I am going upstairs.
I am going where you are going too.
I am going with you.
I am going, too.
I am going.
I am gone.
I am good at history.
I am good at languages.
I am good at math.
I am good at raising roses.
I am good at speaking English.
I am good friends with Beth.
I am good friends with Bill.
I am good.
I am grateful for people who help me understand.
I am grateful for your help.
I am grateful for your hospitality, and the hospitality of the people of Egypt.
I am grateful for your love!
I am grateful for your quick response.
I am grateful to God for giving me the opportunity to serve him.
I am grateful to my children.
I am grateful to them.
I am grateful to you for inviting me to the party.
I am grateful to you for your help.
I am grateful to you for your kindness.
I am great!
I am great.
I am greatly blessed in my children.
I am greatly impressed.
I am greatly indebted to you for all you have done for me.
I am grilling fish.
I am growing a cat.
I am growing breasts.
I am growing to hate the girl.
I am growing up fast.
I am growing wary.
I am growing weary of Tom's behaviour.
I am grudged even the least bit of happiness.
I am grumpy today.
I am guided.
I am guiding you.
I am guilty of this myself.
I am halfway through this detective story.
I am handicapped.
I am handsome.
I am handsome?
I am hanging out the carpet.
I am hanging up a picture of my grandmother.
I am hanging up my shirts.
I am happiest when I am reading.
I am happiest when I sleep.
I am happily unmarried.
I am happy I still get to celebrate Thanksgiving with them!
I am happy about our meeting.
I am happy about our up-coming meeting.
I am happy about your good luck.
I am happy for you.
I am happy in spite of poverty.
I am happy that I can be yours.
I am happy that foxes have their den in our garden. I don't even think about trying to get rid of them.
I am happy that you are here.
I am happy that you are my friend.
I am happy the ointment the doctor has recommended really works.
I am happy to accept criticism.
I am happy to come with you this evening.
I am happy to have so many good friends.
I am happy to hear that you admit a mistake.
I am happy to hear that.
I am happy to hear the news.
I am happy to hear your voice.
I am happy to help you.
I am happy to help.
I am happy to inform you that you won the first prize.
I am happy to join with you today in what will go down in history as the greatest demonstration for freedom in the history of our nation.
I am happy to meet you.
I am happy to notify you that I have fully recovered.
I am happy to receive corrections.
I am happy to reply to your last letter.
I am happy to see her.
I am happy to see our green flag flying in the wind.
I am happy to see you again.
I am happy to see you here.
I am happy to see you!
I am happy to see you.
I am happy to spend money on books.
I am happy with her.
I am happy with my girlfriend.
I am happy with the performance of my team.
I am happy with who I am.
I am happy with you.
I am happy.
I am harvesting rye.
I am harvesting wheat.
I am hating this weather!
I am haughty and you are an idiot.
I am having a beer.
I am having a good time.
I am having a look at it.
I am having a nap in my room.
I am having a nap.
I am having a rat infestation in my mansion.
I am having a shower.
I am having a very hard time.
I am having difficult time.
I am having difficulties learning a new language.
I am having difficulties to meet my basic needs.
I am having difficulties while studying.
I am having fun.
I am having mashed potatoes with vegetables for dinner.
I am having trouble with one thing after another.
I am he who is responsible for the accident.
I am he whose writings can be read even by the blind, and whose words can be heard even by the deaf.
I am heading to Aqbu.
I am heading to a faraway place.
I am healthy.
I am hearing a voice.
I am heating the dinner.
I am heating the room.
I am heavily armed so don't make a move if you don't want me to shoot fire at you.
I am heavy hearted.
I am hell-bent on making that right.
I am helping him with classes this week.
I am helping my grandfather.
I am helping my sister to do her math exercises.
I am her family's lawyer.
I am her friend.
I am her lawyer.
I am her son's father.
I am her.
I am here again.
I am here at home.
I am here concerning the car.
I am here for a computer.
I am here for a reason.
I am here for bank robbery.
I am here for the car.
I am here for the drummer auditions.
I am here for twelve days.
I am here from morning till evening.
I am here in the village.
I am here in transit.
I am here now.
I am here on business.
I am here on holiday.
I am here to help you.
I am here to learn Berber.
I am here to learn English.
I am here to talk about climate change.
I am here with you.
I am here.
I am here. I heard you calling me.
I am hers and she is mine.
I am hiding.
I am highly displeased with your bad and nasty behavior.
I am highly honored by the presence of the president.
I am highly intelligent.
I am hiking.
I am him.
I am his family's lawyer.
I am his father's lawyer.
I am his friend and will remain so.
I am his junior by three years.
I am his lawyer.
I am his mother's lawyer.
I am hoarse from yelling so much.
I am hoarse. I have a cold.
I am holding a glass bottle with a letter inserted.
I am holding in my hand a microfilm of very highly confidential secret State Department documents.
I am home tomorrow in the evening.
I am home.
I am homesick now.
I am homesick.
I am honored that you should ask me to speak.
I am honored to be awarded this prize.
I am honored to be in the timeless city of Cairo, and to be hosted by two remarkable institutions. For over a thousand years, Al-Azhar has stood as a beacon of Islamic learning, and for over a century, Cairo University has been a source of Egypt's advancement.
I am honored to be in the timeless city of Cairo, and to be hosted by two remarkable institutions. For over a thousand years, Al-Azhar has stood as a beacon of Islamic learning, and for over a century, Cairo University has been a source of Egypt’s advancement.
I am honored to meet you.
I am hoping against hope.
I am hoping to get two copies of this book.
I am hoping to put an end to our unhappy relationship.
I am hoping you will change your mind.
I am horny.
I am horrified.
I am hot.
I am hugging my plush toy.
I am human, and I think nothing human is alien to me.
I am human.
I am human; nothing human is foreign to me.
I am hungry because I did not eat breakfast.
I am hungry because I did not eat lunch.
I am hungry because I did not have breakfast.
I am hungry right now.
I am hungry too.
I am hungry!
I am hungry, have not had food since the morning.
I am hungry.
I am hurt.
I am ignorant of the reason for their quarrel.
I am ill today.
I am ill.
I am illiterate.
I am imagining you naked on the beach.
I am imagining you naked.
I am imitating the President.
I am immediately in awe of you!
I am immune to smallpox.
I am impatient with his inability to make decisions.
I am impatient with those who aren't cooperative.
I am impatient with those who aren’t cooperative.
I am impressed by your recent advertisement in the New York Times.
I am in Algeria.
I am in Beijing right now.
I am in Bejaia, in Algeria.
I am in Berlin.
I am in Bilthoven.
I am in Iceland this evening, I'll be home tomorrow.
I am in India.
I am in Kabylie.
I am in London.
I am in Lyon, but maybe I'll go to Paris for hunting a job.
I am in Paris.
I am in Rome now.
I am in Rome.
I am in Russia.
I am in San Diego and you guys need to come visit me!
I am in Tokyo today.
I am in Turkey.
I am in a bad mood.
I am in a beautiful house.
I am in a bind as my money has been stolen.
I am in a cult.
I am in a hotel in Algiers.
I am in a hurry to catch the train.
I am in a hurry.
I am in a new house.
I am in a play.
I am in a spot.
I am in a stew.
I am in a terrible dilemma.
I am in a tight place.
I am in a trance-like state.
I am in accord with his view.
I am in agreement with most of what he says.
I am in awe.
I am in bed with a fever.
I am in bed, dying.
I am in charge here.
I am in charge of Tom.
I am in charge of the book section.
I am in charge of the third-year class.
I am in charge of this.
I am in cloud number nine.
I am in communication with her now.
I am in complete agreement with everything he said.
I am in custody.
I am in danger.
I am in debt to him for 1,000 yen.
I am in deep water.
I am in doubt what to do with him.
I am in duty bound to see this thing through.
I am in fact awake.
I am in fact from here.
I am in favor of a German orthographic reform.
I am in favor of a more hawkish foreign policy.
I am in favor of helping the prosperity of all countries because, when we are all prosperous, the trade of each becomes more valuable to the other.
I am in favor of political correctness, but sometimes it goes too far.
I am in favor of the death penalty.
I am in favor of the option.
I am in favor of the proposition.
I am in favor of your proposal.
I am in favour of your proposal.
I am in financial difficulties.
I am in full accord with your view.
I am in full accord with your viewpoint.
I am in good health.
I am in labour.
I am in love and I am confused.
I am in love and therefore unhappy.
I am in love with Kate Dunmore.
I am in love with the son of my father's greatest enemy.
I am in love with this song.
I am in love with you, girl!
I am in love with you.
I am in love.
I am in my house.
I am in my office right now.
I am in my office, working.
I am in my office, writing a report.
I am in my office.
I am in need of a responsible person.
I am in need of energy.
I am in no humor for reading now.
I am in no mood for joking.
I am in no position to do anything about it.
I am in no small degree indebted to him.
I am in pain.
I am in poor state of health.
I am in prison.
I am in pursuit of points.
I am in receipt of your letter.
I am in school.
I am in search of a new house.
I am in search of the lost language.
I am in the Berber class.
I am in the bathroom and I am brushing my eyebrows.
I am in the bedroom.
I am in the big house.
I am in the classroom.
I am in the dark about the relation between them.
I am in the first year of high school.
I am in the forest.
I am in the garden.
I am in the grocery line.
I am in the habit of going for a drive on Sundays.
I am in the habit of going for a walk before breakfast.
I am in the habit of taking a shower in the morning.
I am in the habit of taking a walk every day.
I am in the habit of taking my dog for a walk in the morning.
I am in the habit of taking some exercise before breakfast.
I am in the hospital.
I am in the house.
I am in the kitchen.
I am in the music club.
I am in the process of migrating my school's IT infrastructure onto Linux.
I am in the process of reading a book.
I am in the process of translating.
I am in the same class as my brother.
I am in the second year of high school.
I am in the soup.
I am in the vacation mood.
I am in the village now.
I am in this restaurant.
I am in touch with him.
I am in trouble.
I am in your debt.
I am in your hands.
I am in.
I am incapable of not procrastinating.
I am incapable of understanding their world.
I am inclined now to have a little amusement at his expense.
I am inclined to follow his advice.
I am inclined to wait for him and start.
I am inclined, however, to think that the terminological exactitude so necessary to scientific statement could not be accommodated to the range of the child-mind without a certain damage to the content.
I am incomplete.
I am incontinent.
I am inconvenienced when my wife is away.
I am indebted to him.
I am indebted to the poetry of Bangladesh.
I am indeed happy to meet you.
I am indeed very glad to hear that.
I am indifferent to flattery.
I am indifferent to others' opinions.
I am indifferent to others’ opinions.
I am indifferent.
I am indignant about the way he treated me.
I am indignant.
I am inept at getting along with the women.
I am infected.
I am inferior to him in mathematics.
I am inflating my balloon.
I am injured.
I am innocence incarnate.
I am innocence itself.
I am inquiring about your whereabouts.
I am inside a house that's beautiful.
I am insured for the car.
I am intelligent.
I am interested in American literature.
I am interested in Asian history.
I am interested in Chinese religion.
I am interested in English.
I am interested in Islam.
I am interested in Japanese history.
I am interested in all religions.
I am interested in books.
I am interested in chess these days.
I am interested in computers.
I am interested in creating my own website.
I am interested in getting a hat like this.
I am interested in learning English.
I am interested in listening to music.
I am interested in mountain climbing.
I am interested in movies.
I am interested in music.
I am interested in old cities in the world.
I am interested in palm reading.
I am interested in running the marathon in Bildersee next year.
I am interested in sports.
I am interested in studying German culture.
I am interested in swimming.
I am interested in taking pictures.
I am interested in the cello and the piano.
I am interested in the outlook of science fiction in India. I know that many Western sci-fi movies are dubbed in Hindi. I have watched, without much comprehension, two Hindi-dubbed sci-fi movies, Prometheus (2012) and The Time Machine (2002), which I have previously viewed in English. I surmise then that Hindi has sufficient technical vocabulary. I have read that there are domestic productions of sci-fi, of at least literature, in India.
I am interested in the study of insects.
I am interested in this book.
I am interested in this story.
I am interested in whether peaches are eaten in Spain.
I am interested in your past.
I am interested.
I am intimidated by their knowledge of languages.
I am intimidating.
I am into golf lately.
I am intrigued by what is happening.
I am investing money into this venture.
I am invincible.
I am invited to dinner this evening.
I am invited to tea at the manse tomorrow afternoon!
I am invited to the book festival.
I am invited to the end of the universe.
I am invited to this party.
I am ironing my dress.
I am irritated today.
I am jealous of you.
I am jealous of your success.
I am jealous.
I am joining the piano competition this February.
I am joking!
I am joking.
I am jumping for joy.
I am just a castaway on an island lost at sea.
I am just a humble teacher.
I am just a nobody.
I am just a person who loves knowledge.
I am just a realist.
I am just a traveller who seeks the purity of the soul.
I am just a wanderer, seeking purity of the soul.
I am just a washed-up football player.
I am just about to change that.
I am just an ordinary girl.
I am just as confused as you are.
I am just as guilty as everyone else.
I am just as nutty as a fruitcake.
I am just being myself.
I am just checking the rooms.
I am just dreaming.
I am just dying for a Coke right now.
I am just exposing the truth here, that's all.
I am just glad no one got hurt.
I am just going for a walk.
I am just hanging around.
I am just here to visit.
I am just joking.
I am just kidding.
I am just making the learning of those subjects easier to learn for my students.
I am just repeating what I have heard.
I am just starting to learn; I have limited comprehension and know just a few basic phrases.
I am just stating the obvious here, nothing more, nothing less and if you don't want to hear the truth come out of my mouth, that's your issue, not mine.
I am just visiting.
I am just warming up now.
I am keen on tennis.
I am keeping a diary every day.
I am keeping her company.
I am keeping them company.
I am keeping this house together.
I am kidding myself.
I am kind of interested in foreign films.
I am kind.
I am knackered.
I am kneading the dough.
I am knowledgeable, but not skilled.
I am lactose intolerant.
I am late again.
I am late because I overslept.
I am late.
I am laughing at Tom.
I am laughing at him.
I am laughing at you.
I am laughing so that you will be happy.
I am laughing with him.
I am laughing.
I am laying down on my bed.
I am lazy.
I am learning Afrikaans.
I am learning Albanian.
I am learning Arabic.
I am learning Aramaic.
I am learning Armenian.
I am learning Azeri.
I am learning Basque.
I am learning Berber in Kabylie, Algeria.
I am learning Berber now.
I am learning Berber on YouTube.
I am learning Berber.
I am learning Chinese.
I am learning Czech.
I am learning English with the idea of going to America.
I am learning English.
I am learning Esperanto very quickly.
I am learning Esperanto.
I am learning Farsi.
I am learning French.
I am learning Gaelic.
I am learning Georgian.
I am learning German.
I am learning Greek.
I am learning Hebrew.
I am learning Hungarian.
I am learning Italian.
I am learning Japanese to play mahjong in Japan.
I am learning Japanese.
I am learning Kazakh.
I am learning Korean.
I am learning Kurdish.
I am learning Lithuanian.
I am learning Magyar.
I am learning Maori.
I am learning Mongolian.
I am learning Norwegian.
I am learning Novial.
I am learning Old English.
I am learning Persian.
I am learning Polish.
I am learning Portuguese.
I am learning Quechua.
I am learning Russian.
I am learning Serbian.
I am learning Slovak.
I am learning Slovenian.
I am learning Spanish.
I am learning Swedish and German.
I am learning Swedish.
I am learning Tajik.
I am learning Thai.
I am learning Toki Pona.
I am learning Turkish.
I am learning Uighur.
I am learning Ukrainian.
I am learning Uyghur.
I am learning Vietnamese.
I am learning Yiddish.
I am learning a little English.
I am learning about the book.
I am learning everything I have wanted to know about Berber.
I am learning for a test.
I am learning for you.
I am learning her name still, too.
I am learning how to dance; I have class once a week.
I am learning how to drive.
I am learning in a classical school.
I am learning many languages.
I am learning that the world consists only of quantum relations. Matter, space, time do not exist.
I am learning the Russian language.
I am learning the language by myself.
I am learning this foreign language.
I am learning to dance, once a week.
I am learning to play the guitar now.
I am learning to speak Berber.
I am learning to speak Filipino.
I am learning two foreign languages.
I am leaving Japan tomorrow morning.
I am leaving at four.
I am leaving at ten o'clock.
I am leaving at ten o’clock.
I am leaving for London tomorrow.
I am leaving for Paris tomorrow.
I am leaving for Tokyo tomorrow.
I am leaving for the United States tomorrow.
I am leaving for the doctor's in a moment.
I am leaving my children to your care.
I am leaving next week.
I am leaving right away.
I am leaving the books here.
I am leaving this company.
I am leaving this harbor.
I am leaving town for a few days.
I am leaving work, so let's talk another day.
I am leaving you.
I am leaving, but the State will always remain.
I am leaving, but you can continue working without me.
I am leaving.
I am left with all the responsibility.
I am lesbian.
I am less afraid of heights than I was.
I am less optimistic than you.
I am less slender than my sister is.
I am level-headed.
I am licking an ice-cream.
I am lighting my cigar.
I am like a brother to the wealthy Ho family, who thinks that it is the language Lojban that would make me happy in the longer term.
I am like a cat. I see better at night than by day.
I am like a mirror reflecting your light.
I am like a sun.
I am like glowing iron, between the hammer and the anvil.
I am like her.
I am like him.
I am like little streams: they are transparent because they are shallow.
I am like my brother.
I am like my father.
I am like my mother.
I am like my sister.
I am like the living dead.
I am like them.
I am like this.
I am like those little streams, which are transparent because they are shallow.
I am like you.
I am liked.
I am limping along.
I am listening to Berber music.
I am listening to a song.
I am listening to an old song.
I am listening to country music.
I am listening to his recital.
I am listening to music in my room while I wait for you.
I am listening to music.
I am listening to the French radio.
I am listening to the Spanish radio.
I am listening to the live broadcast from the demonstration in Oslo while lying down.
I am listening to the music.
I am listening to the radio.
I am listening to them speaking.
I am listening to you.
I am listening to your CD this morning.
I am listening without understanding.
I am listening.
I am literally crying right now.
I am living a nightmare.
I am living all by myself in a large house.
I am living from day to day.
I am living in Japan.
I am living in Volgograd.
I am living in a luxurious palace.
I am living in a sumptuous palace.
I am living on the breadline even though I am always working hard.
I am living proof that you failed to break me.
I am living the good life.
I am living with my uncle.
I am located on the North-west side.
I am locked in.
I am locking up the documents in the desk.
I am longing for you to succeed as a businessman.
I am longing for you.
I am looked after by my son.
I am looking at that.
I am looking at the house.
I am looking at the map.
I am looking at the matter from a different viewpoint.
I am looking at the pictures of Jane.
I am looking at this house.
I am looking at you.
I am looking for Andrey. Do you know where he is?
I am looking for John.
I am looking for a Berber syllabus.
I am looking for a Christmas present for my granddaughter.
I am looking for a beautiful girl.
I am looking for a book about medieval Spain.
I am looking for a book. What are you looking for? A book! Ah, that's what you're looking for.
I am looking for a cashmere sweater.
I am looking for a certain Annelies, do you know where she is?
I am looking for a cheap hotel.
I am looking for a children's book.
I am looking for a cream color long sleeve shirt.
I am looking for a good Hungarian textbook.
I am looking for a good hotel.
I am looking for a hat which goes well with a brown dress.
I am looking for a house to rent.
I am looking for a house.
I am looking for a jewelry store.
I am looking for a job as a baker.
I am looking for a job near my house.
I am looking for a job with the Ministry of Culture of France.
I am looking for a job, sir.
I am looking for a job.
I am looking for a leather briefcase.
I am looking for a mango to eat.
I am looking for a native speaker who can correct this paper for me.
I am looking for a part-time job so I can buy a new video camera.
I am looking for a present for my mother.
I am looking for a shop.
I am looking for a white mini skirt!
I am looking for accommodation.
I am looking for an Italian person so as to do an Italian-Spanish exchange.
I am looking for an apartment located on the second floor or higher.
I am looking for an assistant.
I am looking for an effective method to get rid of all the weeds in my yard.
I am looking for an image editor like Photoshop, but not so expensive.
I am looking for another job.
I am looking for antiques from the Ottoman period 200 years and older.
I am looking for audiobooks in Berber.
I am looking for friends who can design immediately.
I am looking for him, who knows where he got lost.
I am looking for my brother.
I am looking for my cat.
I am looking for my dog.
I am looking for my friends.
I am looking for my glasses.
I am looking for my phone.
I am looking for my wife.
I am looking for postcards. Where are they, please?
I am looking for room with twin beds.
I am looking for sentences to write.
I am looking for someone to learn English with.
I am looking for someone to share knowledge with.
I am looking for stones.
I am looking for the chair in the dark.
I am looking for the cheeses.
I am looking for the lavatories.
I am looking for the restroom.
I am looking for volunteers to help me.
I am looking for you.
I am looking forward to Christmas.
I am looking forward to colder days.
I am looking forward to exploring this country and having many adventures.
I am looking forward to going to the concert.
I am looking forward to going to the zoo.
I am looking forward to hearing from him.
I am looking forward to hearing from you at your earliest convenience.
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon.
I am looking forward to hearing from you.
I am looking forward to it.
I am looking forward to meeting you when you come.
I am looking forward to receiving your favorable answer.
I am looking forward to seeing the film with her.
I am looking forward to seeing you again soon.
I am looking forward to seeing you again.
I am looking forward to seeing you in this town.
I am looking forward to seeing you next Sunday.
I am looking forward to seeing you soon.
I am looking forward to seeing you.
I am looking forward to the change.
I am looking forward to the summer vacation.
I am looking forward to the trip.
I am looking forward to visiting Britain once again.
I am looking forward to visiting your school.
I am looking forward to walking around the Izu Peninsula with some of my friends during summer vacation.
I am looking forward to your letter.
I am looking forward very much to the school excursion.
I am looking out the window.
I am looking up at the big building.
I am losing my focus.
I am losing my mind.
I am losing my patience with you.
I am losing my soul.
I am losing.
I am lost for words when you tell me that you love me.
I am lost, I love my country but I want to live in another one.
I am lost.
I am lost. Can you help me, please?
I am lots of fun.
I am loved by all my family.
I am loved by my mother.
I am loved by my parents.
I am loved by you.
I am loving Tatoeba despite all its imperfections.
I am loyal to my friends.
I am lucky to have you all as friends.
I am lucky to have you as friends.
I am lucky.
I am lying in the sun.
I am lying on the grass.
I am lying.
I am mad, too.
I am mad.
I am made of light.
I am majoring in medicine.
I am making a sandwich.
I am making my own bed.
I am making noise with this drill.
I am making spare parts in a car factory.
I am making too many mistakes.
I am manipulative.
I am married and I have a daughter.
I am married and I have two sons.
I am married and have two children.
I am married to Hercules.
I am married to a Palestinian woman.
I am married to a Polish woman.
I am married to your mother, but I am not your father. You are my stepson.
I am married, you are married, let's get married!
I am married.
I am married. I have a wife.
I am massaging my foot.
I am master of all the birds in the world, and have only to blow my whistle and every one will come to me.
I am me and Tom is Tom.
I am me and you are you.
I am me.
I am meeting him next Friday.
I am meeting my mother at the station at 4 o'clock.
I am meeting my mother at the station at 4 o’clock.
I am melting!
I am memorizing a text.
I am memorizing the national anthem.
I am memorizing the periodic table of elements.
I am mending the curtain.
I am meowing like a cat.
I am merciless.
I am merely stating the obvious here.
I am merely stating the real facts here.
I am mildly annoyed about just spending a while controlling my mother's computer with VNC, then with ssh.
I am milking my goat.
I am miming the manager.
I am mocking him just as he mocks me.
I am modesty itself.
I am monogamous.
I am mooing like a cow.
I am mopping my room.
I am more and more convinced that our happiness or our unhappiness depends far more on the way we meet the events of life than on the nature of those events themselves.
I am more beautiful than you.
I am more famous.
I am more handsome than the others.
I am more handsome than you.
I am more noticeable in a crowded room by reason of my purple hair and nose piercings.
I am more or less the same age as you.
I am more than grateful for you help.
I am more than grateful to you for your help.
I am more worried about you than the future of Japan.
I am most grateful for all the help I have been given in translating sentences.
I am most grateful to you for such an enjoyable evening.
I am mostly indifferent to politics.
I am motivated.
I am mourning the death of my family.
I am moving houses next month.
I am moving next month.
I am moving to Zürich.
I am moving to the village.
I am moving.
I am much concerned about your health.
I am much obliged to you for your help.
I am much obliged to you for your kind help.
I am much obliged to you for your kindness.
I am much obliged to you.
I am much sexier since my PDC.
I am much surprised at the news.
I am much too busy to see him.
I am much younger than Tom.
I am mulatto.
I am mulling over whether to accept the job offer.
I am mumbling.
I am mute.
I am my battles.
I am my beloved's, and his desire is toward me.
I am my life.
I am my own biggest critic.
I am my own grandfather.
I am my own master.
I am my own worst critic.
I am my struggles.
I am myself; well pleased to be myself; and would not be anything else.
I am naive.
I am naked!
I am natural born master.
I am naturally good at leading and showing the way forward for others.
I am near a Romanian restaurant.
I am near the station.
I am near-sighted, so I cannot make out what is written on that signboard.
I am nearly as tall as she.
I am nearly forty and still not married.
I am nearly forty and still unmarried.
I am needy.
I am neighing like a horse.
I am neither Muslim, nor Christian, nor Jewish, I am just Kabyle.
I am neither alive nor dead.
I am neither an Athenian nor a Greek, but a citizen of the world.
I am neither the right wing nor the left one. I am the bird.
I am nervous and scared.
I am nervous in a sense.
I am nervous to tell him the good news.
I am never at home on Sundays.
I am never coming to the beach with you again.
I am never free from worries about my child.
I am never free on Sundays.
I am never going to mention my parents to them again.
I am never going to settle down in one place.
I am never home on Sundays.
I am never idle on a Sunday.
I am never in my office in the afternoon.
I am never inspired.
I am never right.
I am never satiated.
I am never wrong.
I am new around here.
I am new here.
I am new to D.C.
I am new to the work.
I am nineteen years old.
I am ninety years old and a great-grandfather and happy to still be learning.
I am no artist, I have never thought that.
I am no better than a beggar.
I am no bird, and no net ensnares me; I am a free human being with an independent will.
I am no common prisoner, but the king of this country. Let me go free and ask what you will as your reward.
I am no fool.
I am no good around children, they tend to feel put off by my mere presence.
I am no longer a child.
I am no longer able to handle the chest pain.
I am no longer here.
I am no longer hungry.
I am no longer sleepy.
I am no longer surrounded by Berber as much as I used to be.
I am no longer surrounded by Berber as much as I was.
I am no longer tired.
I am no longer young, but I can still bite.
I am no longer your teacher.
I am no match for boredom.
I am no match for her in cooking.
I am no match for her in knowledge.
I am no match for him in diplomatic shrewdness.
I am no match for him.
I am no match for you at tennis.
I am no more an artist than you are.
I am no more diligent than he is.
I am no more excited than you are.
I am no more happy than you are.
I am no more intelligent than he.
I am no more interested in physics than you are.
I am no thief.
I am no younger than you are.
I am nobody's enemy.
I am non-binary, so I go by gender-neutral pronouns.
I am normal.
I am not Canadian.
I am not Congolese.
I am not Czech.
I am not French.
I am not Hungarian.
I am not Irish.
I am not Magyar.
I am not Melissa.
I am not Mongolian.
I am not Swiss.
I am not a Brazilian. I am Portuguese.
I am not a Canadian.
I am not a Frenchwoman; I am Dutch.
I am not a Muslim.
I am not a Polish detective, dear lady. I am an international detective.
I am not a bad person nor do I want to be one.
I am not a baker.
I am not a big fan of the Hollywood superhero movies.
I am not a bird, but I'd like to be.
I am not a bird, but I’d like to be.
I am not a businessperson.
I am not a butcher.
I am not a candidate.
I am not a centrist.
I am not a chatbot, you are a chatbot.
I am not a chatbot.
I am not a club member.
I am not a comrade, however my boyfriend is.
I am not a con artist.
I am not a conservative.
I am not a crook.
I am not a doctor!
I am not a doctor, but a teacher.
I am not a doctor.
I am not a dog.
I am not a dwarf. I am of short stature.
I am not a famous dancer.
I am not a fan either.
I am not a fan of centrism.
I am not a fan of conservatism.
I am not a fan of environmentalism.
I am not a fan of environmentalists.
I am not a fan of liberalism.
I am not a fan of libertarianism.
I am not a fan of pacifism.
I am not a fan of shrimp.
I am not a fan of socialism.
I am not a fighter.
I am not a fit person.
I am not a foreigner.
I am not a gifted person. I had only three assets: I was keenly interested, I accepted every challenge and every opportunity to learn more, and I had great energy and discipline.
I am not a girl.
I am not a good swimmer.
I am not a guide.
I am not a gullible person.
I am not a handyman.
I am not a hero.
I am not a hundred percent sure it is wool.
I am not a kid anymore.
I am not a lawyer.
I am not a leper; I'm just gay.
I am not a liar.
I am not a liberal.
I am not a libertarian.
I am not a lion but I too can roar.
I am not a man!
I am not a man, a woman, or non-binary.
I am not a member of an association.
I am not a member of the club.
I am not a monster.
I am not a morning person.
I am not a native but I would leave it now the way it is.
I am not a native speaker.
I am not a nice man.
I am not a nice person.
I am not a pacifist.
I am not a panda.
I am not a paper cup.
I am not a penguin.
I am not a pessimist.
I am not a philologist.
I am not a pillow.
I am not a professional.
I am not a prophet.
I am not a real doctor.
I am not a rhinoceros, I am not a tiger, but I am led into this barren wild...
I am not a scientist at all.
I am not a sentence.
I am not a smart man.
I am not a smart person.
I am not a socialist.
I am not a special person.
I am not a spy.
I am not a student.
I am not a teacher.
I am not a teacher. I am just a student.
I am not a troll.
I am not a vegetarian.
I am not a virgin anymore.
I am not a witch.
I am not a woman with strange humors.
I am not a woman.
I am not able to accomplish the mission that I was trusted with.
I am not able to do it by any means.
I am not able to do my homework without a computer.
I am not able to do that because I don't have enough money.
I am not able to do that because I don’t have enough money.
I am not able to drink Japanese wine.
I am not able to drink sake.
I am not able to drink wine.
I am not able to say anything otherwise.
I am not about to pay ten dollars.
I am not accountable to you for my actions.
I am not accustomed to making a speech in public.
I am not accustomed to making speeches in public.
I am not accustomed to speaking in public.
I am not accustomed to such treatment.
I am not accustomed to walking long distances.
I am not acquainted with her.
I am not acquainted with him.
I am not actually your friend. I was just pretending.
I am not adding pictures to my website.
I am not afraid of death, I just don't want to be there when it happens.
I am not afraid of dogs at all.
I am not afraid of dying due to old age.
I am not afraid of dying of old age.
I am not afraid of dying.
I am not afraid of going over the bridge.
I am not afraid of my stupidity.
I am not afraid of telling the truth.
I am not afraid of terrorists.
I am not afraid of you at all.
I am not afraid that I will be dead someday, because this is nothing new to me. I was dead before – before I was conceived.
I am not afraid to speak up.
I am not afraid to voice out my most inner thoughts and to speak out my mind.
I am not afraid to voice out my opinions.
I am not afraid.
I am not against him.
I am not all too certain of my position.
I am not allergic to penicillin.
I am not allowed to consume sugar.
I am not allowed to tell anybody.
I am not allowed to tell anyone.
I am not alluding to any person in particular.
I am not alone in thinking so.
I am not alone in this opinion.
I am not alone.
I am not always at home on Sundays.
I am not always free on Sundays.
I am not amused by your clownish antics.
I am not amused.
I am not an American. I am a Canadian.
I am not an Atheist. I do not know if I can define myself as a Pantheist. The problem involved is too vast for our limited minds.
I am not an Athenian nor a Greek, but a citizen of the world.
I am not an Athenian nor a Greek.
I am not an analphabet.
I am not an artist. I never had the knack for it.
I am not an atheist.
I am not an atheist. I am Muslim.
I am not an athlete.
I am not an eloquent man.
I am not an eloquent person.
I am not an example of how to live according to Judaism.
I am not an idiot, but I act like one to deceive you.
I am not an owl!
I am not angry with him because he made a mistake.
I am not angry with you.
I am not angry, far from it.
I am not answerable to you for anything.
I am not any more foolish than you are.
I am not any more to blame than you are.
I am not applauding them.
I am not arresting them.
I am not as big as my brother, but I am bigger than my dad.
I am not as busy as Yoshio.
I am not as fast as you.
I am not as interested in literature as you.
I am not as optimistic as you are.
I am not as tall as he.
I am not as tall as him.
I am not as young as Miss Brown.
I am not ashamed of my father's poverty.
I am not ashamed of my father’s poverty.
I am not ashamed of my language.
I am not ashamed to admit it.
I am not ashamed to be seen with them.
I am not asking them to forgive me.
I am not asking.
I am not at all disinclined to have a glass of good wine.
I am not at all pleased with the condition.
I am not at all young anymore.
I am not at ease in a crowd.
I am not at home tomorrow.
I am not at home.
I am not at the end of my surprises.
I am not attacking them.
I am not authorised to conduct negotiations.
I am not authorized to answer that question.
I am not authorized to negotiate.
I am not available.
I am not aware of an African Studies program in my university.
I am not aware of any evidence that such an event will ever occur.
I am not aware of any evidence to suggest that that is true.
I am not being careful.
I am not being guided.
I am not being silly.
I am not being superstitious.
I am not betraying them.
I am not biased against any religion. That does not mean that I support them, though.
I am not breaking anything.
I am not bringing dinner to them.
I am not broken!
I am not broken! Oh wait, yes I am.
I am not busy now.
I am not busy.
I am not buying bell peppers.
I am not carrying any cash.
I am not certain about that.
I am not certain what I have in mind myself.
I am not circumcised.
I am not cisgender.
I am not clean but dirty. I have been repairing a car.
I am not coming back to school any more.
I am not coming because I am ill.
I am not coming today.
I am not compelled to engage in this.
I am not complaining about anything.
I am not completely satisfied with the formation of this phrase.
I am not concerned with it.
I am not concerned with the affair.
I am not concerned with the matter.
I am not concerned with their trouble.
I am not concerned with this affair.
I am not concerned with this matter.
I am not concerned with this.
I am not concerned.
I am not connected to this crime in any way.
I am not considered a member of the team.
I am not content with what I am.
I am not convinced that this is the case.
I am not convinced you know what you're doing.
I am not correct, but you are.
I am not crushing them.
I am not curious.
I am not currently planning on doing that.
I am not cut out to be a politician.
I am not cute!
I am not dead, but that doesn't stop me from being food.
I am not dead.
I am not deaf.
I am not decorating their house.
I am not deluding myself.
I am not disposable.
I am not doing anything now.
I am not doing anything special today. Perhaps I will just lie down on the couch and watch TV or something.
I am not doing okay today.
I am not doing so well. My friends are not here.
I am not done yet.
I am not easily swayed by other people's opinions of me.
I am not eating my salad, because I prefer chocolate.
I am not eating.
I am not educating them.
I am not embarrassing you, but embellishing you.
I am not encouraging them.
I am not entitled to comment on this.
I am not equal to him in mathematics.
I am not equal to it.
I am not equal to the task.
I am not even worried about my own death.
I am not exaggerating at all.
I am not excited any more than you are.
I am not expecting details.
I am not expecting this to change.
I am not experienced in driving.
I am not familiar with his character.
I am not familiar with the ins and outs of all this.
I am not familiar with this expression.
I am not famous.
I am not fasting.
I am not fat!
I am not feeling good at all.
I am not feeling like myself today.
I am not feeling like sleeping right now, I just feel I could stay awake for two more hours still.
I am not feeling quite myself today.
I am not feeling quite up to par.
I am not feeling too well.
I am not feeling very well today!
I am not feeling well, I want to see a doctor. Where is the emergency department?
I am not feeling well, my body is aching.
I am not feeling well.
I am not finding the urge to fall asleep tonight.
I am not finished with you yet.
I am not fond of pets.
I am not forced to meddle in that.
I am not forgetting how far I've come to be standing where I am today.
I am not frightened of anything.
I am not from Europe.
I am not from India.
I am not from Iran.
I am not from Kabylie.
I am not from the village.
I am not gay!
I am not gay, but my boyfriend is.
I am not gay.
I am not getting involved.
I am not going anywhere on Sunday.
I am not going anywhere.
I am not going out because I have to clean the house.
I am not going out because I have to finish reading this book.
I am not going out because I have to mop my room.
I am not going out because I have to revise.
I am not going out because I have to tidy my room.
I am not going to Australia to build stores.
I am not going to Azerbaijan anymore.
I am not going to Costa Rica anymore.
I am not going to Italy anymore.
I am not going to accompany the children to school.
I am not going to apologise to Tom.
I am not going to be a coach.
I am not going to betray you.
