Yanni and Skura confirmed their resignation.
Yanni and Skura consented to do that.
Yanni and Skura considered the question.
Yanni and Skura considered themselves lucky.
Yanni and Skura continued their relationship in secret.
Yanni and Skura cooked spaghetti.
Yanni and Skura cooperated with the police.
Yanni and Skura could do work together.
Yanni and Skura cried a lot.
Yanni and Skura danced all night.
Yanni and Skura danced.
Yanni and Skura dated in high school.
Yanni and Skura dated off and on.
Yanni and Skura decided to go forward.
Yanni and Skura decided to leave Algiers and start again in Mila.
Yanni and Skura decided to marry.
Yanni and Skura decided to meet up at her house.
Yanni and Skura decided to move to the next stage.
Yanni and Skura decided to put their child up for adoption.
Yanni and Skura decided to rekindle their old romance.
Yanni and Skura decided to run for class president.
Yanni and Skura decided to take a quick hike.
Yanni and Skura decided to visit a haunted house.
Yanni and Skura decided to walk down the aisle.
Yanni and Skura denied this.
Yanni and Skura developed a close relationship.
Yanni and Skura developed a friendship.
Yanni and Skura developed a hotel in Algeria.
Yanni and Skura developed an immediate connection.
Yanni and Skura did everything together.
Yanni and Skura did it.
Yanni and Skura did not have a lot when they first got married.
Yanni and Skura did something together.
Yanni and Skura did that when they were here.
Yanni and Skura didn't attend the ceremony.
Yanni and Skura didn't compete in the same event.
Yanni and Skura didn't get to see each other all too often.
Yanni and Skura didn't have money for a marriage ceremony.
Yanni and Skura didn't have that app on their phones.
Yanni and Skura didn't need bicycles.
Yanni and Skura didn't see eye to eye.
Yanni and Skura didn't want to talk to Nuja.
Yanni and Skura didn't watch television yesterday.
Yanni and Skura died immediately.
Yanni and Skura died in the living room.
Yanni and Skura distributed ribbons in memory of Ziri.
Yanni and Skura divorced their respective spouses and got married in Algiers.
Yanni and Skura don't get along.
Yanni and Skura don't have much room at home.
Yanni and Skura don't know that.
Yanni and Skura don't like Nuja.
Yanni and Skura don't play basketball.
Yanni and Skura don't share the same outlook on life.
Yanni and Skura don't share the same values.
Yanni and Skura don't trust each other.
Yanni and Skura don't want to tell you their phone numbers.
Yanni and Skura drank all night.
Yanni and Skura drew this.
Yanni and Skura dropped their kids off at school.
Yanni and Skura drove all night.
Yanni and Skura drove out of town for a birthday picnic.
Yanni and Skura drove to Algiers.
Yanni and Skura drove to the post office.
Yanni and Skura eat differently.
Yanni and Skura eloped to Algiers.
Yanni and Skura ended their lives by hanging themselves.
Yanni and Skura ended their lives together.
Yanni and Skura ended their relationship.
Yanni and Skura engaged in a serious relationship.
Yanni and Skura enjoyed the superficial phase of their relationship.
Yanni and Skura enjoyed the trip.
Yanni and Skura entered into a relationship.
Yanni and Skura escaped from prison.
Yanni and Skura even went on dates together.
Yanni and Skura exchanged Snapchat photos.
Yanni and Skura exchanged numbers.
Yanni and Skura excused themselves.
Yanni and Skura explained everything.
Yanni and Skura fell asleep during the film.
Yanni and Skura fell madly in love with each other.
Yanni and Skura felt they were going to die.
Yanni and Skura fixed everything.
Yanni and Skura fought Ziri.
Yanni and Skura fought constantly.
Yanni and Skura fought over the kids.
Yanni and Skura gave away their baby.
Yanni and Skura gave each other a strange look.
Yanni and Skura gave the film a rating of 7 out of 10.
Yanni and Skura gave their baby up for adoption.
Yanni and Skura gave their relationship another chance.
Yanni and Skura gave up all their possessions.
Yanni and Skura gave up hope.
Yanni and Skura gave up learning French.
Yanni and Skura gave up running for class president.
Yanni and Skura gave up smoking.
Yanni and Skura gave up.
Yanni and Skura goes to the library on Thursday.
Yanni and Skura got along well.
Yanni and Skura got back together.
Yanni and Skura got better.
Yanni and Skura got closer to each other.
Yanni and Skura got into a fight.
Yanni and Skura got into a heated argument.
Yanni and Skura got mad.
Yanni and Skura got married and had kids.
Yanni and Skura got married in Algiers.
Yanni and Skura got married.
Yanni and Skura got off the bus.
Yanni and Skura got sick.
Yanni and Skura got teased a lot in high school.
Yanni and Skura got together to commit crimes.
Yanni and Skura got together.
Yanni and Skura grew apart.
Yanni and Skura grew up Muslim.
Yanni and Skura grew up together.
Yanni and Skura had a baby.
Yanni and Skura had a conversation.
Yanni and Skura had a dysfunctional relationship.
Yanni and Skura had a fight.
Yanni and Skura had a film night.
Yanni and Skura had a foster home.
Yanni and Skura had a good time.
Yanni and Skura had a long-distance romance.
Yanni and Skura had a lot in common, including a love of guns.
Yanni and Skura had a lovely evening.
Yanni and Skura had a lovely time.
Yanni and Skura had a physical altercation.
Yanni and Skura had a picnic.
Yanni and Skura had a secret relationship.
Yanni and Skura had a strange conversation.
Yanni and Skura had a tumultuous relationship.
Yanni and Skura had a very toxic relationship.
Yanni and Skura had an interesting conversation.
Yanni and Skura had an intimate contact.
Yanni and Skura had begun a love affair during their time in Algeria.
Yanni and Skura had four children each.
Yanni and Skura had plans to spend the week together.
Yanni and Skura had sex every night.
Yanni and Skura had their fourth child, a daughter named Nuja.
Yanni and Skura had three lovely children.
Yanni and Skura had to hurry.
Yanni and Skura had to stay in the hospital.
Yanni and Skura had ups and downs in their marriages but they never had an affair.
Yanni and Skura handled it well.
Yanni and Skura handled that problem.
Yanni and Skura hate bowling.
Yanni and Skura hate each other.
Yanni and Skura hate you.
Yanni and Skura hated that photo.
Yanni and Skura have a color television.
Yanni and Skura have a degree in music education.
Yanni and Skura have a great friendship.
Yanni and Skura have a healthy friendship.
Yanni and Skura have a high-class hotel.
Yanni and Skura have a marriage license.
Yanni and Skura have a strong relationship.
Yanni and Skura have a very strained relationship.
Yanni and Skura have an exclusive relationship.
Yanni and Skura have been apart for a while.
Yanni and Skura have been busy all month.
Yanni and Skura have been dating actors.
Yanni and Skura have been fighting all day.
Yanni and Skura have been fighting.
Yanni and Skura have been shopping for four hours.
Yanni and Skura have completely different faces.
Yanni and Skura have completely different morals.
Yanni and Skura have completely different upbringings.
Yanni and Skura have cooked a dinner to die for.
Yanni and Skura have decided to call it quits.
Yanni and Skura have different religious beliefs.
Yanni and Skura have drifted apart.
Yanni and Skura have grown closer.
Yanni and Skura have ironed out a good divorce settlement.
Yanni and Skura have known their share of highs and lows.
Yanni and Skura have learned to get along.
Yanni and Skura have loved each other for as long as they could remember.
Yanni and Skura have never been caught.
Yanni and Skura have so much to share with each other.
Yanni and Skura have some mutual friends.
Yanni and Skura have started high school.
Yanni and Skura have the same eye color.
Yanni and Skura have the same last name.
Yanni and Skura haven't spoken in a while.
Yanni and Skura healed from that affair.
Yanni and Skura heard.
Yanni and Skura held hands all the time.
Yanni and Skura held hands.
Yanni and Skura hid their faces.
Yanni and Skura hid.
Yanni and Skura hired a nanny to look after their children.
Yanni and Skura hit it off right away.
Yanni and Skura honeymooned in Algiers.
Yanni and Skura hung out all the time.
Yanni and Skura hung out for a while.
Yanni and Skura hung their diplomas on the wall.
Yanni and Skura hurried across the street.
Yanni and Skura hurried along the street.
Yanni and Skura hurried back into the house.
Yanni and Skura hurried out into the street.
Yanni and Skura hurried to catch the train.
Yanni and Skura hurt their legs while playing football.
Yanni and Skura ignored the scandalmongers and got married.
Yanni and Skura immediately hit it off.
Yanni and Skura just sat there quietly for a while.
Yanni and Skura keep diaries.
Yanni and Skura keep their relationship professional.
Yanni and Skura kept climbing.
Yanni and Skura kept quiet.
Yanni and Skura kept still.
Yanni and Skura kept their promise.
Yanni and Skura kept their word.
Yanni and Skura killed the spider.
Yanni and Skura kind of became friends.
Yanni and Skura kissed.
Yanni and Skura knew that this would happen.
Yanni and Skura knew they loved each other and knew they wanted to get married.
Yanni and Skura knew what was going on.
Yanni and Skura know Nuja.
Yanni and Skura know each other.
Yanni and Skura know how to ski.
Yanni and Skura laughed and joked about some high school memories.
Yanni and Skura left Algiers.
Yanni and Skura left earlier.
Yanni and Skura left home.
Yanni and Skura left immediately.
Yanni and Skura left their respective partners and got married in Algiers.
Yanni and Skura lied to each other.
Yanni and Skura like Tatoeba.
Yanni and Skura like playing football.
Yanni and Skura like to share their marital bed with a third person.
Yanni and Skura liked living in Algeria.
Yanni and Skura liked the film a lot.
Yanni and Skura live in a small college town.
Yanni and Skura live in the same town.
Yanni and Skura lived a perfect life.
Yanni and Skura lived alone.
Yanni and Skura lived in a gated community.
Yanni and Skura lived in the oil-rich city of Hassi Messaoud, Algeria.
Yanni and Skura lived in the same area.
Yanni and Skura lived on opposite sides of Algeria.
Yanni and Skura lived out the life of Bonnie and Clyde.
Yanni and Skura locked eyes.
Yanni and Skura look so different.
Yanni and Skura looked at Ziri.
Yanni and Skura looked at each other.
Yanni and Skura lost 30 kilograms.
Yanni and Skura lost all their hair.
Yanni and Skura lost their job on Monday.
Yanni and Skura lost time.
Yanni and Skura love each other.
Yanni and Skura love fresh figs.
Yanni and Skura love me.
Yanni and Skura loved bananas.
Yanni and Skura loved classic cars.
Yanni and Skura loved each other dearly.
Yanni and Skura loved each other very much.
Yanni and Skura loved each other.
Yanni and Skura loved it here.
Yanni and Skura made a fresh start in Algeria.
Yanni and Skura made a mistake.
Yanni and Skura made a pact.
Yanni and Skura made friends.
Yanni and Skura made it.
Yanni and Skura made new friends.
Yanni and Skura made plans to retire to Algeria.
Yanni and Skura made plans to retire to a ranch in Algeria.
Yanni and Skura managed to escape from prison.
Yanni and Skura married and moved out of Ziri's house.
Yanni and Skura married in 2004 in Bejaia, Algeria.
Yanni and Skura married in a small private ceremony.
Yanni and Skura married, combining their families.
Yanni and Skura may have taken the wrong train.
Yanni and Skura message flirty messages.
Yanni and Skura met again.
Yanni and Skura met halfway down the hill.
Yanni and Skura met in Algiers in 2004.
Yanni and Skura met through his ex-girlfriend.
Yanni and Skura met to compare notes.
Yanni and Skura moved fast.
Yanni and Skura moved in together in 2004.
Yanni and Skura moved to Algiers where they got married.
Yanni and Skura need more space.
Yanni and Skura need some time apart.
Yanni and Skura need to build back their emotional intimacy.
Yanni and Skura need to go to the library tomorrow.
Yanni and Skura needed surgery.
Yanni and Skura needed time.
Yanni and Skura never dated.
Yanni and Skura never had an intimate contact.
Yanni and Skura never held hands.
Yanni and Skura never hold hands.
Yanni and Skura never hooked up.
Yanni and Skura never kiss.
Yanni and Skura never talk.
Yanni and Skura nodded off in the cinema.
Yanni and Skura now work at the post office.
Yanni and Skura obeyed.
Yanni and Skura often do that.
Yanni and Skura only speak Berber.
Yanni and Skura own a comic book store.
Yanni and Skura paid for it all.
Yanni and Skura painted the fence.
Yanni and Skura participated in the debate.
Yanni and Skura passed away.
Yanni and Skura personify happiness and success.
Yanni and Skura phoned the police.
Yanni and Skura planned a romantic getaway.
Yanni and Skura planned a summer wedding in Algeria.
Yanni and Skura planned on having kids.
Yanni and Skura played Scrabble.
Yanni and Skura played together.
Yanni and Skura played video games together.
Yanni and Skura played.
Yanni and Skura pray together in the evening.
Yanni and Skura pray together in the morning.
Yanni and Skura pray together.
Yanni and Skura prefer to text than to talk on the phone.
Yanni and Skura presented themselves as a Muslim couple.
Yanni and Skura pulled through.
Yanni and Skura put on a good show.
Yanni and Skura put their heads close together.
Yanni and Skura ran a red light.
Yanni and Skura ran across the field.
Yanni and Skura ran away from home.
Yanni and Skura ran back inside.
Yanni and Skura ran back upstairs.
Yanni and Skura ran down the hall.
Yanni and Skura ran down the hill.
Yanni and Skura ran down the stairs.
Yanni and Skura ran downstairs.
Yanni and Skura ran for cover.
Yanni and Skura ran for it.
Yanni and Skura ran for mayor.
Yanni and Skura ran for the door.
Yanni and Skura ran into debt.
Yanni and Skura ran into the room.
Yanni and Skura ran into trouble.
Yanni and Skura ran out of time.
Yanni and Skura ran out of water.
Yanni and Skura ran outside.
Yanni and Skura ran to school.
Yanni and Skura ran up the stairs.
Yanni and Skura ran upstairs.
Yanni and Skura reached the end of their tether and took it out on each other.
Yanni and Skura read a comic book.
Yanni and Skura read the Quran together.
Yanni and Skura realized they shared the same ambition: making it big in Algeria.
Yanni and Skura really did seem like soulmates.
Yanni and Skura recovered from their illness.
Yanni and Skura recovered from their wounds.
Yanni and Skura regretted lying.
Yanni and Skura remained in Algiers.
Yanni and Skura remembered it all.
Yanni and Skura repaired their differences.
Yanni and Skura resigned this week.
Yanni and Skura respect each other in every way.
Yanni and Skura returned fire.
Yanni and Skura returned home.
Yanni and Skura returned immediately.
Yanni and Skura returned to work.
Yanni and Skura ride the same bus home.
Yanni and Skura ride the same bus to work.
Yanni and Skura rubbed their feet.
Yanni and Skura said no.
Yanni and Skura said that simultaneously.
Yanni and Skura said yes.
Yanni and Skura sang some old songs.
Yanni and Skura sat at the same desk.
Yanni and Skura sat down.
Yanni and Skura sat in the living room, talking about Ziri.
Yanni and Skura sat there with their jaws dropped.
Yanni and Skura say they're just friends.
Yanni and Skura screamed and ran out of the room.
Yanni and Skura see each other all the time.
Yanni and Skura seemed happy.
Yanni and Skura seemed like soulmates.
Yanni and Skura seemed like they were arguing.
Yanni and Skura seemed to be in love with each other.
Yanni and Skura seemed to enjoy each other.
Yanni and Skura seemed to have a lot in common.
Yanni and Skura sell vegetables.
Yanni and Skura sent each other cards for holidays.
Yanni and Skura sent their children to an Islamic school.
Yanni and Skura set fire to their house.
Yanni and Skura set out for their new life in Algeria.
Yanni and Skura settled in to the Algiers life.
Yanni and Skura settled into parenthood.
Yanni and Skura share a lot of things.
Yanni and Skura share a major history.
Yanni and Skura share the same room.
Yanni and Skura shared a house.
Yanni and Skura shared an instant sexual attraction.
Yanni and Skura shared information.
Yanni and Skura showed mutual affection to each other.
Yanni and Skura showed up Monday night.
Yanni and Skura showed up late.
Yanni and Skura signed the contract.
Yanni and Skura slept together in his wife's bed.
Yanni and Skura soon became inseparable.
Yanni and Skura spent every moment together.
Yanni and Skura spent some precious few moments together.
Yanni and Skura spent the night at a cheap motel.
Yanni and Skura spent the night together.
Yanni and Skura spent time together.
Yanni and Skura spent two nights in this hotel.
Yanni and Skura split up.
Yanni and Skura spoke on the phone the other day.
Yanni and Skura spoke very well.
Yanni and Skura started a family in Algeria.
Yanni and Skura started a secret relationship.
Yanni and Skura started back together again.
Yanni and Skura started dating.
Yanni and Skura started seeing each other often and they were bold about it.
Yanni and Skura started speaking Berber.
Yanni and Skura started talking again about the Berber language.
Yanni and Skura started to get into arguments a lot.
Yanni and Skura started traveling together.
Yanni and Skura starved to death.
Yanni and Skura stayed in the kitchen a little bit longer.
Yanni and Skura stayed in the water.
Yanni and Skura stayed in touch.
Yanni and Skura stood not more than inches apart.
Yanni and Skura stopped by.
Yanni and Skura stopped clapping.
Yanni and Skura stopped here.
Yanni and Skura struck up a relationship.
Yanni and Skura struggled over the gun.
Yanni and Skura studied Berber in college.
Yanni and Skura studied abroad.
Yanni and Skura succeeded because they worked hard.
Yanni and Skura succeeded in getting elected.
Yanni and Skura survived the accident.
Yanni and Skura survived unharmed.
Yanni and Skura swam across the bay.
Yanni and Skura swam for two hours this afternoon.
Yanni and Skura take the same bus.
Yanni and Skura talk about personal subjects.
Yanni and Skura talk to each other.
Yanni and Skura talked about a lot of things.
Yanni and Skura talked all night.
Yanni and Skura talked.
Yanni and Skura taught Berber.
Yanni and Skura taught their children Algerian culture.
Yanni and Skura texted a friend.
Yanni and Skura texted over the next few days, getting to know each other.
Yanni and Skura tied the knot in 2004.
Yanni and Skura told the truth.
Yanni and Skura took Berber in college.
Yanni and Skura took a trip to Algiers.
Yanni and Skura took breaks during work to have sex.
Yanni and Skura took cover.
Yanni and Skura took everything.
Yanni and Skura took idyllic vacations in Algeria.
Yanni and Skura took idyllic vacations together.
Yanni and Skura took notes.
Yanni and Skura took photos.
Yanni and Skura took risks.
Yanni and Skura took the job.
Yanni and Skura took turns sleeping.
Yanni and Skura touch differently when they're alone.
Yanni and Skura tried to help the old lady.
Yanni and Skura tried to reconnect.
Yanni and Skura tried to sneak into the movie theater.
Yanni and Skura tried.
Yanni and Skura unclenched their fists.
Yanni and Skura used their key.
Yanni and Skura used to be on the basketball team.
Yanni and Skura used to date actors.
Yanni and Skura vacation in Algiers.
Yanni and Skura walked all night.
Yanni and Skura walked around.
Yanni and Skura walked down the aisle together on April 4, 2004.
Yanni and Skura walked up to the mosque.
Yanni and Skura want a Muslim wedding.
Yanni and Skura want one.
Yanni and Skura want their intimacy to grow.
Yanni and Skura want to do it.
Yanni and Skura want to go to dinner.
Yanni and Skura want to have moments of intimacy.
Yanni and Skura want to heal from that affair.
Yanni and Skura want to live close to the station.
Yanni and Skura want to spend their golden years together.
Yanni and Skura want to stay faithful to each other.
Yanni and Skura wanted to be married.
Yanni and Skura wanted to celebrate spring break.
Yanni and Skura wanted to get married.
Yanni and Skura wanted to raise their children in Algeria.
Yanni and Skura wanted to run for class president.
Yanni and Skura wanted to start a family.
Yanni and Skura was making out in the bedroom of his trailer.
Yanni and Skura was pleased.
Yanni and Skura washed the apples.
Yanni and Skura wasted no time in making a new life together.
Yanni and Skura watch too much television.
Yanni and Skura watched a movie.
Yanni and Skura welcomed four other children into their family.
Yanni and Skura went away without saying a word.
Yanni and Skura went down to the third floor.
Yanni and Skura went exploring that forest.
Yanni and Skura went first.
Yanni and Skura went for a walk.
Yanni and Skura went livid.
Yanni and Skura went off the main trail and walked to their favorite picnic spot.
Yanni and Skura went on an extended honeymoon to Algiers.
Yanni and Skura went on holiday.
Yanni and Skura went riding.
Yanni and Skura went separate ways.
Yanni and Skura went through a lot of pain.
Yanni and Skura went to a chicken place.
Yanni and Skura went to a foster home.
Yanni and Skura went to bed.
Yanni and Skura went to dinner.
Yanni and Skura went to school early.
Yanni and Skura went to the makeup section.
Yanni and Skura went to the mosque together.
Yanni and Skura went to the movies.
Yanni and Skura went to the post office to mail a letter.
Yanni and Skura went to the post office.
Yanni and Skura went to the rap concert.
Yanni and Skura went to the station.
Yanni and Skura went.
Yanni and Skura were a chaotic couple.
Yanni and Skura were a perfect couple.
Yanni and Skura were a team.
Yanni and Skura were a wealthy couple.
Yanni and Skura were able to answer all the questions.
Yanni and Skura were all right.
Yanni and Skura were almost a perfect couple.
Yanni and Skura were alright.
Yanni and Skura were angry to find the door locked.
Yanni and Skura were arguing about that.
Yanni and Skura were arguing in front of Ziri.
Yanni and Skura were arguing in the grocery store.
Yanni and Skura were arguing over Ziri's homework.
Yanni and Skura were arguing while Ziri was brewing his own personal storm.
Yanni and Skura were arrested for theft.
Yanni and Skura were arrested immediately.
Yanni and Skura were at the supermarket.
Yanni and Skura were back in Algiers during the summer break.
Yanni and Skura were bored.
Yanni and Skura were boring.
Yanni and Skura were both Algerian.
Yanni and Skura were both Berber teachers.
Yanni and Skura were both Muslim.
Yanni and Skura were both able to fly under the radar.
Yanni and Skura were both about the same age as Ziri.
Yanni and Skura were both abused.
Yanni and Skura were both abusive.
Yanni and Skura were both accused of murder.
Yanni and Skura were both adults.
Yanni and Skura were both afraid.
Yanni and Skura were both alive.
Yanni and Skura were both angry.
Yanni and Skura were both annoyed.
Yanni and Skura were both arrested.
Yanni and Skura were both asked to undress.
Yanni and Skura were both asleep.
Yanni and Skura were both at risk.
Yanni and Skura were both at the crime scene.
Yanni and Skura were both attacked.
Yanni and Skura were both back.
Yanni and Skura were both beaten to death.
Yanni and Skura were both beaten.
Yanni and Skura were both beautiful.
Yanni and Skura were both begging for forgiveness.
Yanni and Skura were both betrayed.
Yanni and Skura were both bludgeoned to death.
Yanni and Skura were both bright.
Yanni and Skura were both broke.
Yanni and Skura were both buried alive.
Yanni and Skura were both burned alive.
Yanni and Skura were both caught.
Yanni and Skura were both charged with conspiracy.
Yanni and Skura were both charged with murder.
Yanni and Skura were both chatting.
Yanni and Skura were both cheated on.
Yanni and Skura were both contacted.
Yanni and Skura were both controlling.
Yanni and Skura were both convicted for molesting children.
Yanni and Skura were both convicted multiple times.
Yanni and Skura were both convicted.
Yanni and Skura were both cooking.
Yanni and Skura were both correct.
Yanni and Skura were both coughing.
Yanni and Skura were both criminals.
Yanni and Skura were both dancing with the devil.
Yanni and Skura were both dancing.
Yanni and Skura were both dangerous.
Yanni and Skura were both dating.
Yanni and Skura were both dead.
Yanni and Skura were both decapitated.
Yanni and Skura were both deranged.
Yanni and Skura were both detained.
Yanni and Skura were both determined to prove their innocence.
Yanni and Skura were both disappointed.
Yanni and Skura were both disfigured.
Yanni and Skura were both divorced.
Yanni and Skura were both drawing.
Yanni and Skura were both dreaming.
Yanni and Skura were both drinking.
Yanni and Skura were both dumbfounded.
Yanni and Skura were both dumped.
Yanni and Skura were both dying.
Yanni and Skura were both engaged.
Yanni and Skura were both engaging in sodomy.
Yanni and Skura were both excited.
Yanni and Skura were both experienced.
Yanni and Skura were both faithful to their respective spouses.
Yanni and Skura were both famous.
Yanni and Skura were both fat.
Yanni and Skura were both fired.
Yanni and Skura were both flattered.
Yanni and Skura were both followed.
Yanni and Skura were both fooled.
Yanni and Skura were both forced to engage in sodomy.
Yanni and Skura were both forty when they got married.
Yanni and Skura were both forty.
Yanni and Skura were both found guilty.
Yanni and Skura were both found in the room, killed.
Yanni and Skura were both found there.
Yanni and Skura were both found.
Yanni and Skura were both four years Ziri's junior.
Yanni and Skura were both friendly.
Yanni and Skura were both furious.
Yanni and Skura were both gagged.
Yanni and Skura were both given a second chance.
Yanni and Skura were both given the death penalty.
Yanni and Skura were both good-looking.
Yanni and Skura were both guilty.
Yanni and Skura were both happy.
Yanni and Skura were both having issues.
Yanni and Skura were both held captive for fourteen days.
Yanni and Skura were both helpless.
Yanni and Skura were both here.
Yanni and Skura were both high.
Yanni and Skura were both hired.
Yanni and Skura were both honest.
Yanni and Skura were both horribly disfigured.
Yanni and Skura were both hypocrites.
Yanni and Skura were both identified.
Yanni and Skura were both in Algeria.
Yanni and Skura were both in a frenzy.
Yanni and Skura were both in a lot of pain.
Yanni and Skura were both in danger.
Yanni and Skura were both in hell.
Yanni and Skura were both in pain.
Yanni and Skura were both in the basement.
Yanni and Skura were both in the bathroom.
Yanni and Skura were both incarcerated.
Yanni and Skura were both injured.
Yanni and Skura were both intelligent.
Yanni and Skura were both interviewed.
Yanni and Skura were both involved in the murder.
Yanni and Skura were both involved.
Yanni and Skura were both kidnapped.
Yanni and Skura were both killed.
Yanni and Skura were both killers.
Yanni and Skura were both kind.
Yanni and Skura were both known criminals in their neighborhood.
Yanni and Skura were both known in their respective neighborhoods.
Yanni and Skura were both last seen there.
Yanni and Skura were both last seen with Ziri.
Yanni and Skura were both laughing.
Yanni and Skura were both left in the dark.
Yanni and Skura were both lied to.
Yanni and Skura were both living in Algeria.
Yanni and Skura were both living there.
Yanni and Skura were both local celebrities.
Yanni and Skura were both looking for the truth.
Yanni and Skura were both lost.
Yanni and Skura were both lucky.
Yanni and Skura were both mad.
Yanni and Skura were both married.
Yanni and Skura were both misled.
Yanni and Skura were both missing.
Yanni and Skura were both monsters.
Yanni and Skura were both mugged.
Yanni and Skura were both murdered.
Yanni and Skura were both murderers.
Yanni and Skura were both naive.
Yanni and Skura were both needed here.
Yanni and Skura were both needed.
Yanni and Skura were both on TV.
Yanni and Skura were both on the beach.
Yanni and Skura were both on the hit list.
Yanni and Skura were both on the right track.
Yanni and Skura were both ordered to undress.
Yanni and Skura were both outspoken.
Yanni and Skura were both overweight.
Yanni and Skura were both paraplegic.
Yanni and Skura were both polygraphed.
Yanni and Skura were both polygraphers.
Yanni and Skura were both popular in their respective high schools.
Yanni and Skura were both praying.
Yanni and Skura were both prepared.
Yanni and Skura were both pushed too hard.
Yanni and Skura were both questioned.
Yanni and Skura were both raped.
Yanni and Skura were both ready.
Yanni and Skura were both released.
Yanni and Skura were both rich.
Yanni and Skura were both robbed.
Yanni and Skura were both rude.
Yanni and Skura were both run over.
Yanni and Skura were both sad.
Yanni and Skura were both scared.
Yanni and Skura were both screaming in agony.
Yanni and Skura were both screaming.
Yanni and Skura were both searched.
Yanni and Skura were both seen at the crime scene.
Yanni and Skura were both seen there.
Yanni and Skura were both seen with Ziri.
Yanni and Skura were both sentenced to forty years in jail.
Yanni and Skura were both sentenced.
Yanni and Skura were both serial killers.
Yanni and Skura were both serving their life sentences.
Yanni and Skura were both sexually assaulted.
Yanni and Skura were both sexually molested as children.
Yanni and Skura were both sexy.
Yanni and Skura were both shocked.
Yanni and Skura were both shot.
Yanni and Skura were both sick.
Yanni and Skura were both singing.
Yanni and Skura were both smart.
Yanni and Skura were both speaking Berber.
Yanni and Skura were both stabbed in the back.
Yanni and Skura were both stabbed to death.
Yanni and Skura were both stabbed.
Yanni and Skura were both stalked.
Yanni and Skura were both straight.
Yanni and Skura were both stranded.
Yanni and Skura were both strangled to death.
Yanni and Skura were both strangled.
Yanni and Skura were both stubborn.
Yanni and Skura were both stuck.
Yanni and Skura were both stupid.
Yanni and Skura were both suffering.
Yanni and Skura were both surprised.
Yanni and Skura were both suspects.
Yanni and Skura were both suspicious.
Yanni and Skura were both taken advantage of.
Yanni and Skura were both taken seriously.
Yanni and Skura were both taking medication.
Yanni and Skura were both taking painkillers.
Yanni and Skura were both talkative.
Yanni and Skura were both talking.
Yanni and Skura were both telling the truth.
Yanni and Skura were both terrified.
Yanni and Skura were both there.
Yanni and Skura were both tortured.
Yanni and Skura were both tried and sentenced to jail.
Yanni and Skura were both trusting.
Yanni and Skura were both up for parole.
Yanni and Skura were both upset.
Yanni and Skura were both victims.
Yanni and Skura were both waiting.
Yanni and Skura were both wanted.
Yanni and Skura were both watching TV.
Yanni and Skura were both working alone.
Yanni and Skura were both working.
Yanni and Skura were both worried sick.
Yanni and Skura were both worried.
Yanni and Skura were both writing.
Yanni and Skura were both wrong.
Yanni and Skura were boyfriend and girlfriend.
Yanni and Skura were building a beautiful home.
Yanni and Skura were building their dream home.
Yanni and Skura were busy.
Yanni and Skura were celebrating Valentine's Day.
Yanni and Skura were cheating on each other.
Yanni and Skura were conspiring to kill their parents.
Yanni and Skura were constantly at each other's throats.
Yanni and Skura were convinced that they found the perfect mate in each other.
Yanni and Skura were corresponding in code.
Yanni and Skura were determined to start over.
Yanni and Skura were developing an emotional affair.
Yanni and Skura were developing their future.
Yanni and Skura were drug buddies.
Yanni and Skura were fighting like they were in a boxing ring.
Yanni and Skura were fine.
Yanni and Skura were fluctuating between Berber and Arabic.
Yanni and Skura were going to go to Algeria.
Yanni and Skura were good people.
Yanni and Skura were hanging by the pool.
Yanni and Skura were hanging out.
Yanni and Skura were happy to be home again.
Yanni and Skura were happy together.
Yanni and Skura were having a deep conversation about life.
Yanni and Skura were having a perfectly normal conversation.
Yanni and Skura were having a smoke together.
Yanni and Skura were having an affair and they were bold about it.
Yanni and Skura were having some real heart-to-heart.
Yanni and Skura were holding hands.
Yanni and Skura were horrified by what happened.
Yanni and Skura were in Algeria for a conference.
Yanni and Skura were in a car, kissing.
Yanni and Skura were in high school back then.
Yanni and Skura were in love and made love.
Yanni and Skura were in tears.
Yanni and Skura were in the same aisle.
Yanni and Skura were late for school.
Yanni and Skura were late.
Yanni and Skura were laughing.
Yanni and Skura were living an enviable life.
Yanni and Skura were mad.
Yanni and Skura were madly in love with each other.
Yanni and Skura were making out.
Yanni and Skura were making small talk.
Yanni and Skura were married for fourteen years.
Yanni and Skura were married in Algeria that year.
Yanni and Skura were married in name only.
Yanni and Skura were mortal enemies.
Yanni and Skura were moving further apart.
Yanni and Skura were not in the same school.
Yanni and Skura were on television last week.
Yanni and Skura were on the phone all the time.
Yanni and Skura were passionate about the Berber language.
Yanni and Skura were perfect for each other.
Yanni and Skura were playing tag.
Yanni and Skura were playing tennis with a water balloon.
Yanni and Skura were pleased with the gift.
Yanni and Skura were plotting to kill their parents for insurance.
Yanni and Skura were present.
Yanni and Skura were preteen kids back then.
Yanni and Skura were probably killed by the same person.
Yanni and Skura were punished for doing that.
Yanni and Skura were punished for lying.
Yanni and Skura were punished for their crimes.
Yanni and Skura were punished.
Yanni and Skura were questioned by the police separately.
Yanni and Skura were raised differently.
Yanni and Skura were reading a comic book.
Yanni and Skura were ready to move.
Yanni and Skura were rewarded.
Yanni and Skura were right about that.
Yanni and Skura were roaming around.
Yanni and Skura were running a competition between them.
Yanni and Skura were sent to the principal's office today.
Yanni and Skura were serving life in prison.
Yanni and Skura were sexually involved.
Yanni and Skura were shopping at Walmart.
Yanni and Skura were shouting over each other.
Yanni and Skura were singing songs in their bad Berber.
Yanni and Skura were singing traditional Berber songs.
Yanni and Skura were so confused.
Yanni and Skura were speaking in Berber.
Yanni and Skura were staring at Ziri.
Yanni and Skura were still in college at that time.
Yanni and Skura were struggling with life and each other.
Yanni and Skura were stuck together.
Yanni and Skura were sucking face.
Yanni and Skura were taken to a psychiatric hospital.
Yanni and Skura were talking about the NBA playoffs.
Yanni and Skura were talking about the future of their relationship.
Yanni and Skura were talking about the weather in Berber.
Yanni and Skura were talking about where they came from.
Yanni and Skura were talking to one another in Berber.
Yanni and Skura were the envy of many.
Yanni and Skura were there.
Yanni and Skura were throwing up.
Yanni and Skura were trying to decide on the future of their family.
Yanni and Skura were trying to patch up their marriage.
Yanni and Skura were upset about that.
Yanni and Skura were upset.
Yanni and Skura were using their child as a pawn.
Yanni and Skura were very caring for each other.
Yanni and Skura were very close.
Yanni and Skura were very in love.
Yanni and Skura were very much in love with one another.
Yanni and Skura were very well-off.
Yanni and Skura were victorious.
Yanni and Skura were well aware of each other from a very young age.
Yanni and Skura were worried.
Yanni and Skura were wrong about that.
Yanni and Skura weren't compatible.
Yanni and Skura will always be enemies.
Yanni and Skura will always be here.
Yanni and Skura will be here for at least a week.
Yanni and Skura will change things.
Yanni and Skura will get married in the future.
Yanni and Skura will stay together no matter what.
Yanni and Skura won by a small number of votes.
Yanni and Skura won everything.
Yanni and Skura won the lottery.
Yanni and Skura won't be able to understand it.
Yanni and Skura won't be the first ones to get off the bus.
Yanni and Skura won't go to the hospital.
Yanni and Skura won't quit.
Yanni and Skura won't teach French anymore.
Yanni and Skura work as announcers on television.
Yanni and Skura work on an assembly line.
Yanni and Skura work the same hours.
Yanni and Skura worked at different restaurants.
Yanni and Skura worked the same shift.
Yanni and Skura worked very hard.
Yanni and Skura would constantly be at each other's necks.
Yanni and Skura would never cross that line.
Yanni and Skura would usually make quick chats about the weather or school.
Yanni and Skura yelled at their computers.
Yanni and Skura's book was adapted into a film.
Yanni and Skura's conversation quickly turned from dogs to cars.
Yanni and Skura's diet is deficient in protein.
Yanni and Skura's divorce became final.
Yanni and Skura's domestic argument turned ugly.
Yanni and Skura's favorite actress is Jessica Alba.
Yanni and Skura's flame turned into a steamy affair.
Yanni and Skura's flame turned into an affair.
Yanni and Skura's friendship has its highs, but also it has its lows.
Yanni and Skura's friendship is in an OK place.
Yanni and Skura's friendship turned into sexual intimacy.
Yanni and Skura's friendship would make it through anything.
Yanni and Skura's high school romance didn't last long.
Yanni and Skura's love affair abruptly came to an end.
Yanni and Skura's love affair began in 2004.
Yanni and Skura's love affair began in secret.
Yanni and Skura's marriage appeared flawless.
Yanni and Skura's marriage came to a breaking point.
Yanni and Skura's marriage is failing.
Yanni and Skura's marriage is riddled with mistrust.
Yanni and Skura's marriage looked really perfect on the outside.
Yanni and Skura's relationship appeared to be a match made in heaven.
Yanni and Skura's relationship has evolved into a full-blown affair.
Yanni and Skura's relationship is going through the honeymoon phase before the true colors come out.
Yanni and Skura's relationship is not likely to work.
Yanni and Skura's relationship is purely platonic.
Yanni and Skura's relationship isn't perfect.
Yanni and Skura's relationship was falling apart.
Yanni and Skura's relationship was really nice.
Yanni and Skura's relationship wasn't going anywhere.
Yanni and Skura's romance was forbidden from the beginning. Both of them were married.
Yanni and Skura's sexual play bordered on incest.
Yanni and Walid are getting along just fine as roommates.
Yanni and Walid were going to be best friends.
Yanni and Ziri are both grown men.
Yanni and Ziri are going to be late for school.
Yanni and Ziri are golfing buddies.
Yanni and Ziri are kind of creeps.
Yanni and Ziri didn't give Skura a chance to do that.
Yanni and Ziri have been dating actresses.
Yanni and Ziri left for a soccer game.
Yanni and Ziri played golf on a regular basis together.
Yanni and Ziri used to date actresses.
Yanni and Ziri went to school early.
Yanni and Ziri were both in the mosque.
Yanni and his accomplices were waiting outside the courtroom to break Ziri out of his custody.
Yanni and his best friend went to the pool.
Yanni and his dad went to the police station.
Yanni and his daughter have to run an errand.
Yanni and his daughter were shopping together.
Yanni and his family used to live in Algeria.
Yanni and his father are total opposites.
Yanni and his friend were sitting in the mosque.
Yanni and his friends are playing with water balloons in the backyard.
Yanni and his friends do drugs in an abandoned maintenance tunnel.
Yanni and his friends entered the cave one at a time.
Yanni and his friends had a water balloon fight on the street.
Yanni and his friends had a water balloon fight.
Yanni and his friends ransacked Rima's estate.
Yanni and his friends reported the account till it was taken down.
Yanni and his friends rushed into the mosque.
Yanni and his girlfriend lived together.
Yanni and his girlfriend went on the run with their ransom.
Yanni and his henchmen wanted to torture a confession out of Skura.
Yanni and his lawyer discussed that over dinner.
Yanni and his mother-in-law don't see eye to eye.
Yanni and his parents go to the mosque together.
Yanni and his parents pray together.
Yanni and his sister would often engage in sexual play.
Yanni and his wife have a child.
Yanni and his wife live in Algiers.
Yanni and his wife went to Algiers on a vacation.
Yanni and his wife, Skura, raise goats.
Yanni and the imam started to converse.
Yanni angled himself to face the policeman.
Yanni answered Skura's question.
Yanni answered Skura's questions with irrelevant questions.
Yanni answered in his poor Berber.
Yanni answered some questions about Islam.
Yanni answered that.
Yanni answered the call.
Yanni answered those questions honestly.
Yanni answers Skura's calls for her.
Yanni answers every comment.
Yanni answers every question.
Yanni apologized for his friend's behavior.
Yanni apologized for puking in public.
Yanni apologized in advance for his mistakes.
Yanni apologized to Skura.
Yanni apologized to his mom.
Yanni apologized.
Yanni appealed his sentence.
Yanni appealed on the grounds of insanity. In fact, he had been diagnosed with schizophrenia.
Yanni appeared at the police station and turned himself in.
Yanni appeared in Skura's life again after she moved to Algeria.
Yanni appeared to be bleeding from the head profusely.
Yanni appeared to care about Skura's children.
Yanni appeared to listen.
Yanni appeared to love his wife so much.
Yanni applied for a new job.
Yanni applied resin to the crack in his windshield.
Yanni applied some polish to his windshield.
Yanni applied some resin to the bullseye in his windshield.
Yanni applied some resin to the length of the windshield crack.
Yanni applied some resin to the windshield bullseye.
Yanni applied some resin to the windshield crack then put a curing sheet on it.
Yanni applied the resin to his cracked windshield.
Yanni applied the resin to the windshield crack.
Yanni applied too much resin to the windshield bullseye.
Yanni appreciates everything Rima did for him.
Yanni appreciates his blessings.
Yanni appreciates living in Algiers.
Yanni appreciates that so much.
Yanni approached Skura's window.
Yanni approached the car.
Yanni approached the curtains.
Yanni approached the mosque gate.
Yanni argued with the state trooper.
Yanni arrived early.
Yanni arrived for a new life in Algeria.
Yanni arrived four days too late.
Yanni arrived in Algiers, Algeria.
Yanni arrived on Skura's door with flowers.
Yanni arrived on the crime scene.
Yanni arrived, carrying some vegetables that he bought from the market.
Yanni arrived.
Yanni ascended to the throne of the kingdom.
Yanni asked God for guidance.
Yanni asked God to guide him.
Yanni asked God to help him.
Yanni asked Rima some questions.
Yanni asked Rima to do the same thing.
Yanni asked Rima tough questions.
Yanni asked Skura a lot of questions about her anxiety.
Yanni asked Skura about her preferences.
Yanni asked Skura about what she was planning to do that night.
Yanni asked Skura for a hug but she declined.
Yanni asked Skura for a hug but she turned him down.
Yanni asked Skura for a lift into the city.
Yanni asked Skura for a lift to Algiers.
Yanni asked Skura for a ride.
Yanni asked Skura for advice.
Yanni asked Skura for her advice.
Yanni asked Skura for her opinion.
Yanni asked Skura for her side of the story.
Yanni asked Skura for her telephone number.
Yanni asked Skura how Ziri was doing.
Yanni asked Skura if he could hide behind her.
Yanni asked Skura if she could drive him downtown.
Yanni asked Skura if she needed any help.
Yanni asked Skura if she wanted to hang out.
Yanni asked Skura if she was Algerian.
Yanni asked Skura if she was scared.
Yanni asked Skura if she would marry him.
Yanni asked Skura many personal questions.
Yanni asked Skura many questions.
Yanni asked Skura money for a taxi.
Yanni asked Skura on a proper date.
Yanni asked Skura questions that would make her talk a lot.
Yanni asked Skura some relationship advice.
Yanni asked Skura something about her boyfriend.
Yanni asked Skura to break him out of prison.
Yanni asked Skura to come outside.
Yanni asked Skura to come with him to Algiers.
Yanni asked Skura to describe what the intruder had been wearing.
Yanni asked Skura to do the exact same thing.
Yanni asked Skura to do the report this morning.
Yanni asked Skura to get him to his feet.
Yanni asked Skura to go bowling.
Yanni asked Skura to go camping with him in Kabylie, Algeria.
Yanni asked Skura to lend him her food processor to make some fig jam.
Yanni asked Skura to lend him some money to help him get back on his feet.
Yanni asked Skura to mix cement.
Yanni asked Skura to remain a virgin and wait for him.
Yanni asked Skura to reward him with sex.
Yanni asked Skura to show him a picture of her daughter.
Yanni asked Skura to stay.
Yanni asked Skura to stop by his office before she went to work.
Yanni asked Skura to stop talking about Dragon Ball because he was sick of hearing about it.
Yanni asked Skura to take him to the train station.
Yanni asked Skura to teach him Berber but she refused.
Yanni asked Skura to use her bathroom.
Yanni asked Skura to wake him up early.
Yanni asked Skura to watch her sister.
Yanni asked Skura to water the petunias.
Yanni asked Skura what she was doing.
Yanni asked Skura where she was from and she told him she was from Algeria.
Yanni asked Skura why she bought that.
Yanni asked Skura's name and she gave him a fake one.
Yanni asked Skura.
Yanni asked about Ziri's wife and kids.
Yanni asked for Skura's phone number so that he contacts her some day.
Yanni asked for a ride.
Yanni asked for money.
Yanni asked his aunt.
Yanni asked his mom for a loan of forty thousand dinars.
Yanni asked his parents to send Rima back to Algeria.
Yanni asked his wife about it.
Yanni asked if Skura wanted to ride with him.
Yanni asked maintenance to check the air conditioning unit.
Yanni asked questions about Islam.
Yanni asked so many questions about Algeria.
Yanni asked that question.
Yanni asked the same question.
Yanni asked the teacher questions about the Quran.
Yanni asked the woman where she was heading but she didn't answer.
Yanni asked to end his lease.
Yanni asked why.
Yanni asks a lot of questions.
Yanni assaulted Skura.
Yanni assumed Skura didn't hear him.
Yanni assumed Skura was a man.
Yanni assumed Skura went back inside.
Yanni assumed he was safe.
Yanni assumed that Skura would like couscous because she was of Algerian descent.
Yanni assumed that Ziri and Skura were close.
Yanni ate Skura's cakes.
Yanni ate a Spanish salad.
Yanni ate a good meal.
Yanni ate a huge delicious fig.
Yanni ate a piece of meat.
Yanni ate a sandwich.
Yanni ate a super ripe oozing fig.
Yanni ate a whole basket of figs.
Yanni ate a whole bucket of figs.
Yanni ate all the cookies.
Yanni ate all the couscous.
Yanni ate an apple.
Yanni ate an unripe fig and it burned his lips.
Yanni ate an unripe fig.
Yanni ate and drank all the time.
Yanni ate as much food as possible.
Yanni ate dinner early.
Yanni ate dinner.
Yanni ate enough food.
Yanni ate food that would give him energy.
Yanni ate four pounds of figs.
Yanni ate four servings of Skura's stew.
Yanni ate his breakfast.
Yanni ate ice cream.
Yanni ate iftar at home.
Yanni ate lunch early.
Yanni ate pizza.
Yanni ate some fig jam.
Yanni ate some figs.
Yanni ate some food.
Yanni ate some ice cream.
Yanni ate some soup.
Yanni ate spaghetti and meatballs.
Yanni ate the cheese.
Yanni ate the figs raw.
Yanni ate the scorpion.
Yanni ate the snack with Rima.
Yanni ate the sweet potato.
Yanni ate too many figs.
Yanni ate unripe figs and burned his mouth.
Yanni ate way too much.
Yanni ate.
Yanni attached the light switch back to the box.
Yanni attached the new light switch.
Yanni attached the top screw but not the bottom one.
Yanni attached the wires securely.
Yanni attacked Skura sexually.
Yanni attained the age of 94.
Yanni attempted to break up with Skura.
Yanni attempted to end his life multiple times.
Yanni attempted to insert himself into Skura's space.
Yanni attempted to sneak in a pocketknife.
Yanni attended Skura's funeral.
Yanni attended a party that night.
Yanni attended a private Islamic school.
Yanni attended church pretty much his whole life.
Yanni attended classes about the Quran.
Yanni attended his fourth driving lesson.
Yanni attended mosque more regularly.
Yanni attended one of Algiers' most famous high schools.
Yanni attended some theoretical driving lessons.
Yanni attended university in Algiers.
Yanni attends the gym every day.
Yanni attracted Skura.
Yanni attracted the attention of Algerian authorities.
Yanni avoided constant messaging with female co-workers.
Yanni avoided everyone.
Yanni avoided that.
Yanni avoids getting engine oil on his skin.
Yanni avoids helping in the kitchen.
Yanni avoids small talk with everyone.
Yanni babbled at Skura in a mix of Berber and Arabic.
Yanni babysat a kid that night.
Yanni backed out at the last minute.
Yanni backed out of the drive way and drove away.
Yanni backed out.
Yanni backed the car.
Yanni backs his stuff up.
Yanni banged on the door until Skura answered it.
Yanni banned his students from speaking Berber in class.
Yanni barely arrived there on time.
Yanni barely knows Islam.
Yanni barely sees his daughter.
Yanni barely spoke any Berber.
Yanni barely touched his meal.
Yanni barely understood Berber.
Yanni barked yes angrily.
Yanni basically became Muslim.
Yanni beat Skura and Nuja.
Yanni beat Skura within an inch of her life.
Yanni beat Skura.
Yanni beat Ziri and Skura.
Yanni beat her.
Yanni beat him.
Yanni beat the dog brutally.
Yanni beat them.
Yanni became Muslim that day.
Yanni became a Berber teacher.
Yanni became a Catholic.
Yanni became a different person.
Yanni became a man that night.
Yanni became a man.
Yanni became a monster.
Yanni became a pussycat.
Yanni became a responsible boyfriend.
Yanni became a successful entrepreneur in Algeria.
Yanni became a target.
Yanni became an admiral.
Yanni became aroused.
Yanni became attached to his mother.
Yanni became aware of his behavior.
Yanni became aware of his emotions.
Yanni became aware of his erratic behavior.
Yanni became aware of that.
Yanni became aware.
Yanni became close to Skura.
Yanni became convinced that Skura was faking her insanity.
Yanni became convinced that Skura was faking.
Yanni became defensive about that.
Yanni became emotionally abusive.
Yanni became even more concerned.
Yanni became famous around the world.
Yanni became fluent in Berber.
Yanni became friends with Muslim students from various countries.
Yanni became friends with some soldiers.
Yanni became friends with the imam.
Yanni became ill.
Yanni became increasingly paranoid.
Yanni became interested in abandoned house exploration.
Yanni became king a few years later.
Yanni became more and more curious about Islam.
Yanni became more and more interested in learning about Islam.
Yanni became more impulsive.
Yanni became more loyal to Skura.
Yanni became more protective of Skura.
Yanni became more proud and more confident of himself.
Yanni became more pushy.
Yanni became obsessed with his phone.
Yanni became overweight.
Yanni became part of Skura's part.
Yanni became physically abusive.
Yanni became possessive of Skura.
Yanni became re-acquainted with an old friend, Skura.
Yanni became sexually obsessed with Skura.
Yanni became so fluent in Berber that he became our interpreter.
Yanni became so lost.
Yanni became the caretaker of his partner.
Yanni became the owner of the building.
Yanni became the primary suspect.
Yanni became too smart.
Yanni became verbally violent with Skura.
Yanni became very good friends with that doctor.
Yanni became very ill.
Yanni became violent towards Skura.
Yanni befriended one of his neighbors.
Yanni began a long trip to Japan.
Yanni began an affair with a co-worker.
Yanni began an affair with a local dentist.
Yanni began controlling Skura's life.
Yanni began drinking.
Yanni began eating.
Yanni began fasting at the age of ten.
Yanni began hearing noises outside his window.
Yanni began his journey in Islam.
Yanni began his life in a small Algerian village, in Kabylie.
Yanni began his shift at the hospital.
Yanni began his trial for the murder of his wife.
Yanni began learning Berber and Arabic.
Yanni began living in Algiers.
Yanni began moving immediately.
Yanni began screaming Berber curse words at that man.
Yanni began screaming.
Yanni began singing an old Berber song.
Yanni began studying Berber art.
Yanni began talking to Skura in a very condescending manner.
Yanni began to connect with Skura on that level.
Yanni began to dig.
Yanni began to embrace the body that he was born with.
Yanni began to feel tears welling up in his eyes.
Yanni began to feel uncomfortable with his relationship.
Yanni began to get visibly irritated.
Yanni began to grasp the trouble Skura was in.
Yanni began to listen to Berber music.
Yanni began to lose his hair.
Yanni began to miss Algiers.
Yanni began to monitor Skura's activities.
Yanni began to notice that Skura had some strange habits.
Yanni began to notice that Skura had strange habits.
Yanni began to notice that.
Yanni began to recover.
Yanni began to relax.
Yanni began to relieve himself.
Yanni began to resemble a vampire.
Yanni began to shake the door very hard.
Yanni began to speak Berber, Arabic, and Turkish.
Yanni began to suspect that Skura was fooling around.
Yanni began to sweat like a dog.
Yanni began to sweat.
Yanni began to whisper.
Yanni began using Skura's bathroom towels.
Yanni began yelling at Skura in broken Berber.
Yanni begged Skura not to shoot him.
Yanni begged Skura not to tell the cops.
Yanni begged Skura to call 911.
Yanni begged Skura to stay with him.
Yanni begged Skura to stop.
Yanni begged Skura.
Yanni begged his parents not to tell his teacher.
Yanni begged his parents to take him to Algiers.
Yanni begged the district attorney to let him visit his dying father in Algeria.
Yanni begged the principal not to call his parents.
Yanni begged them in Berber to let him stay.
Yanni behaved in ways he would never do in front of Rima.
Yanni believed Skura.
Yanni believed he was the reincarnation of Jesus.
Yanni believed in Skura from the beginning.
Yanni believed in Skura.
Yanni believed in being Skura's hero and protector.
Yanni believed in magic.
Yanni believed in witchcraft.
Yanni believed it was his fault that Skura left.
Yanni believed that Rima was a threat to herself.
Yanni believed that.
Yanni believes Jesus was black.
Yanni believes Rima loves him.
Yanni believes Skura is stupid.
Yanni believes his wife is better left in the dark.
Yanni believes in Allah.
Yanni believes in God.
Yanni believes in destiny.
Yanni believes in himself.
Yanni believes in the God of Islam.
Yanni believes in the god Christians, Jews, and Muslims believe in.
Yanni believes in the second coming for Jesus.
Yanni believes something is wrong with him.
Yanni believes that about Skura.
Yanni believes those outlandish rumors.
Yanni belongs only to Skura.
Yanni bent down to Rima's level.
Yanni betrayed his spouse.
Yanni bit Skura viciously.
Yanni blacked out.
Yanni blackmailed Skura.
Yanni blamed Skura all the time.
Yanni blamed Skura for destroying all of their children's lives.
Yanni blamed Skura.
Yanni blames the system.
Yanni bled to death.
Yanni blended in as an ordinary teenager.
Yanni blew a fuse.
Yanni blinked at Skura in disbelief.
Yanni blocked Rima on social media.
Yanni blocked Skura and deleted his Skype.
Yanni blocked Skura on Facebook after getting that message.
Yanni blocked Skura on Facebook.
Yanni blocked Skura's number.
Yanni blocked that guy on Facebook without responding.
Yanni blocked the exit with his car.
Yanni blocked the number Skura was texting him from.
Yanni bludgeoned Skura with a candlestick.
Yanni blushed.
Yanni boarded the first bus.
Yanni bolted away back to his car.
Yanni bolted back to his car.
Yanni bolted out of that room.
Yanni bolted out of the kitchen.
Yanni bolted straight into the room.
Yanni bombarded Skura with questions about what happened.
Yanni booked a flight to Algiers.
Yanni booked it out of that house.
Yanni bore the brunt of his wife's troubles.
Yanni borrowed Skura's donkey.
Yanni borrowed a professional camera to film that video.
Yanni borrowed some of Rima's painting techniques.
Yanni borrowed that book from the library.
Yanni bothered Skura on the bus.
Yanni bought Rima a sandwich.
Yanni bought Skura a Barbie doll.
Yanni bought Skura a German Shepherd.
Yanni bought Skura a PlayStation.
Yanni bought Skura a back brace.
Yanni bought Skura a birthday present.
Yanni bought Skura a box of candy.
Yanni bought Skura a cappuccino machine.
Yanni bought Skura a giant hot dog.
Yanni bought Skura a gift from Japan.
Yanni bought Skura a meal.
Yanni bought Skura a new car.
Yanni bought Skura a new swimsuit.
Yanni bought Skura a pair of sneakers.
Yanni bought Skura a red rose.
Yanni bought Skura a ring.
Yanni bought Skura an expensive gift.
Yanni bought Skura dinner in Algiers.
Yanni bought Skura flashy and expensive things.
Yanni bought Skura flowers.
Yanni bought Skura presents.
Yanni bought Skura some beautiful flowers.
Yanni bought Skura some food.
Yanni bought a Christmas tree.
Yanni bought a book.
Yanni bought a bottle of resin to fix the bullseyes in his windshield.
Yanni bought a brand new light switch.
Yanni bought a brand-new sink mixer.
Yanni bought a bread basket.
Yanni bought a bunch of water balloons.
Yanni bought a cappuccino machine.
Yanni bought a feeder for his goats.
Yanni bought a few glass drill bits from a home improvement store.
Yanni bought a glass polishing kit to remove the scratches on his windshield.
Yanni bought a house in Algeria.
Yanni bought a house in Algiers.
Yanni bought a luxurious van.
Yanni bought a milking goat.
Yanni bought a new basin mixer.
Yanni bought a new light switch.
Yanni bought a new screwdriver.
Yanni bought a new stopwatch.
Yanni bought a new van.
Yanni bought a nice picture.
Yanni bought a property in Algeria.
Yanni bought a ticket via a smartphone app.
Yanni bought a ton of furniture for the house.
Yanni bought a van.
Yanni bought a windshield crack repair kit.
Yanni bought a windshield polishing kit.
Yanni bought a windshield repair kit.
Yanni bought an electrical tester.
Yanni bought an expensive hunting rifle.
Yanni bought an outfit for Rima's baby.
Yanni bought ant poison.
Yanni bought decorative light switches.
Yanni bought drinks for everybody.
Yanni bought everything he needed.
Yanni bought figs at the store.
Yanni bought figs from a local grocery store.
Yanni bought food.
Yanni bought four bunches of garlic.
Yanni bought four kilos of dates.
Yanni bought four tickets.
Yanni bought fruit.
Yanni bought goats.
Yanni bought himself a suit.
Yanni bought his daughter a swing set.
Yanni bought his mother a back brace.
Yanni bought his own house.
Yanni bought his son a beautiful Canary Mastiff.
Yanni bought it.
Yanni bought lots of nice things.
Yanni bought one of Rima's best-selling books.
Yanni bought only a single chocolate bar.
Yanni bought paper tickets for every train journey.
Yanni bought resin to repair his windshield.
Yanni bought some camera equipment.
Yanni bought some engine oil.
Yanni bought some figs from the farmers' market.
Yanni bought some food.
Yanni bought some fresh vegetables.
Yanni bought some ice cream.
Yanni bought some resin to fix his windshield chips.
Yanni bought some resin to fix his windshield cracks.
Yanni bought some resin to fix the cracks in his windshield.
Yanni bought some synthetic oil.
Yanni bought some window cleaner to clean his windshield.
Yanni bought some wine.
Yanni bought something for dinner.
Yanni bought that car.
Yanni bought that.
Yanni bought the car.
Yanni bought the cheapest windshield.
Yanni bought the house with a money transfer from an offshore account.
Yanni bought these DVDs in Algeria.
Yanni bought this electric toothbrush from Amazon.
Yanni bought this kit at a local auto parts store.
Yanni bought this laptop in Algeria.
Yanni bought this light switch at the supermarket.
Yanni bought this repair kit for fourteen dollars in tax.
Yanni bought two bags of groceries.
Yanni boycotted Skura's wedding.
Yanni braked the car.
Yanni bravely called the police.
Yanni breathed a sigh of relief.
Yanni breathed deeply.
Yanni broke Skura's heart.
Yanni broke a bottle and slashed Ziri across the throat.
Yanni broke a bunch of bones in a car accident.
Yanni broke a rib.
Yanni broke down crying uncontrollably.
Yanni broke down crying.
Yanni broke eye contact with Skura.
Yanni broke fast at seven.
Yanni broke four of his fake teeth.
Yanni broke four teeth.
Yanni broke his fast at seven o'clock.
Yanni broke his fast at seven.
Yanni broke his fast with Skura.
Yanni broke his fast with his co-workers.
Yanni broke his fast.
Yanni broke his neck.
Yanni broke his relationship with Skura off.
Yanni broke his smartphone.
Yanni broke his tooth.
Yanni broke into Skura's apartment.
Yanni broke the dishwasher.
Yanni broke the fast with three dates.
Yanni broke the fig in half.
Yanni broke the fig open.
Yanni broke the law.
Yanni broke the light bulb.
Yanni broke the light switch.
Yanni broke the toilet seat last time he visited.
Yanni broke things and hit Skura.
Yanni broke up with Skura before spring break.
Yanni brought Rima a sandwich.
Yanni brought Rima a snack.
Yanni brought Rima back to Algeria.
Yanni brought Skura a bottle of Cola.
Yanni brought Skura a bucket with soap in it to wash her goat's udder.
Yanni brought Skura a milking bucket.
Yanni brought Skura a present.
Yanni brought Skura at this house.
Yanni brought Skura to meet Ziri.
Yanni brought Skura to this lake more than once.
Yanni brought Ziri, a friend from the mosque, to convince Farid to stop doing drugs.
Yanni brought a bucket with soap in it to wash his goat's udder.
Yanni brought a cake.
Yanni brought a chicken.
Yanni brought a flashlight.
Yanni brought a friend.
Yanni brought a ladder.
Yanni brought a present for Skura.
Yanni brought a respiratory mask.
Yanni brought a wagon full of boxes.
Yanni brought coffee.
Yanni brought goats onto his farm.
Yanni brought goats to his farm.
Yanni brought his car to Ziri's garage to get it restored.
Yanni brought his family to Algiers.
Yanni brought his girlfriend home.
Yanni brought his girlfriend over.
Yanni brought his mother a back brace from the UK.
Yanni brought his own booze.
Yanni brought his ugly daughter back to Algeria.
Yanni brought some can food.
Yanni brought some home-cooked food.
Yanni brought some soapy water to wash his goat's teats.
Yanni brought that to Rima's attention.
Yanni brought the dog downstairs.
Yanni brought the money.
Yanni brought the pizzas to the kitchen.
Yanni brought up a story he had seen in the news about a man who kidnapped hitchhikers.
Yanni brought up his kids in a modest home.
Yanni brought us a basket of figs from Algeria.
Yanni brought us some figs freshly picked from his garden.
Yanni brought us some food over.
Yanni brushed Skura's hand.
Yanni brushed off the ants and ate the fig.
Yanni brushed the ants off the fig and ate it.
Yanni brushes his teeth after every meal.
Yanni brutally executed Skura with a shot to her head.
Yanni brutally murdered his wife Skura.
Yanni buckled his seat belt.
Yanni buckled up his safety belt.
Yanni builds robots.
Yanni built a house.
Yanni built a mansion.
Yanni built a new house with solid materials.
Yanni built a really high stone wall.
Yanni built a shed on his farm.
Yanni built a shelter in the woods.
Yanni built a successful business as a publisher.
Yanni built his new house.
Yanni built his own house.
Yanni built his whole life in Algeria.
Yanni built up a life for himself to live in this rich neighborhood.
Yanni bullied other children.
Yanni buried Skura's body.
Yanni buried himself in his phone.
Yanni buried his dead dog in the wee hours of the morning.
Yanni buried his dead dog somewhere in the middle of the night.
Yanni buried his father in Algeria.
Yanni buried his wife's body in the woods.
Yanni burned himself.
Yanni burned the getaway car by the river.
Yanni buys all of the supplies he needs in Algeria.
Yanni buys candy.
Yanni buys figs in Algiers.
Yanni buys the diapers.
Yanni buzzed the intercom and Skura answered.
Yanni called Rima from his desk.
Yanni called Skura Mrs Fixie.
Yanni called Skura a few more time.
Yanni called Skura a fool.
Yanni called Skura a liar.
Yanni called Skura about a month ago.
Yanni called Skura again.
Yanni called Skura and ended the affair.
Yanni called Skura and there was no answer.
Yanni called Skura and told her.
Yanni called Skura by the nickname he gave her.
Yanni called Skura degrading names.
Yanni called Skura directly.
Yanni called Skura for the fourth time.
Yanni called Skura long distance.
Yanni called Skura many terrible names.
Yanni called Skura to his rescue.
Yanni called Skura to offer his condolences.
Yanni called Skura to tell her.
Yanni called Skura's father in Algiers.
Yanni called Skura's house.
Yanni called Skura's name.
Yanni called Skura's name. Nothing.
Yanni called Skura's parents and they didn't answer the phone.
Yanni called Skura's parents.
Yanni called Skura.
Yanni called a building inspector.
Yanni called a cab.
Yanni called a couple of weeks ago.
Yanni called a moving company.
Yanni called a taxi company.
Yanni called again.
Yanni called all the time.
Yanni called an Uber for Rima.
Yanni called at least forty times.
Yanni called back after the weekend.
Yanni called beforehand.
Yanni called early.
Yanni called from behind the door.
Yanni called his brother who lived not far from him.
Yanni called his dad four times.
Yanni called his dad's mobile phone.
Yanni called his dad.
Yanni called his father in Algeria.
Yanni called his grandparents.
Yanni called his landlord and asked to end his lease.
Yanni called his mom in Algeria.
Yanni called his mother for help.
Yanni called his parents from work.
Yanni called his phone from the landline.
Yanni called his phone from the store phone.
Yanni called his phone.
Yanni called his wife in front of everyone on loudspeaker.
Yanni called it quits with Rima.
Yanni called just a minute after midnight.
Yanni called out Skura's name again.
Yanni called out in Berber: "Is anyone there?"
Yanni called police.
Yanni called security, too.
Yanni called the authorities right away.
Yanni called the cable company.
Yanni called the chauffeur.
Yanni called the cops for Skura.
Yanni called the cops right away.
Yanni called the cops.
Yanni called the imam.
Yanni called the mayor.
Yanni called the number.
Yanni called the other number instead.
Yanni called the police and waited for their arrival.
Yanni called the police immediately after.
Yanni called the police immediately.
Yanni called the police right away.
Yanni called the police.
Yanni called them.
Yanni called up Skura's name through the window.
Yanni called.
Yanni calls homosexuals deviants.
Yanni calmed down.
Yanni came a short time later.
Yanni came across a picture of him and Skura.
Yanni came across that passage in the book.
Yanni came almost every day.
Yanni came an hour later.
Yanni came and went as he pleased.
Yanni came at a bad time.
Yanni came back a couple of hours later.
Yanni came back a second time.
Yanni came back as a really bad kid.
Yanni came back home after university.
Yanni came back in.
Yanni came back inside with a rifle.
Yanni came back to Algeria and went on with his life.
Yanni came back to Algeria.
Yanni came back to Bejaia, Algeria.
Yanni came back to complain to the store manager.
Yanni came back to the table.
Yanni came back to watch a movie.
Yanni came back.
Yanni came close to Skura.
Yanni came closer.
Yanni came down south for a long weekend.
Yanni came down the hill very slowly.
Yanni came down.
Yanni came early.
Yanni came face to face with a tiger.
Yanni came for a beverage.
Yanni came for a cookie.
Yanni came forward and provided some valuable information to the police.
Yanni came from a good Christian family.
Yanni came from an amazing family.
Yanni came from poverty in Morocco.
Yanni came here to Algeria.
Yanni came here to stay with us.
Yanni came here.
Yanni came home early that night.
Yanni came home from vacation.
Yanni came home from work.
Yanni came home late.
Yanni came home to take care of the children.
Yanni came home with his little sister.
Yanni came home.
Yanni came in every day to check his car.
Yanni came in here.
Yanni came in to continue his discussion with Skura.
Yanni came in with a different perspective.
Yanni came in.
Yanni came inside.
Yanni came into the house with his muddy boots.
Yanni came late at night.
Yanni came late.
Yanni came of age in a rough neighborhood.
Yanni came out and asked Skura if something was wrong.
Yanni came out of his car.
Yanni came out of his room.
Yanni came out of his truck, running to Skura's car.
Yanni came out of the accident completely scratchless.
Yanni came out of the bar with Rima.
Yanni came out of the bathroom a few minutes later.
Yanni came out with Rima.
Yanni came out with his gun.
Yanni came out.
Yanni came outside with a stick in his hand.
Yanni came outside, yelling at the kids of the neighbors.
Yanni came over on Halloween night.
Yanni came over.
Yanni came running from his house.
Yanni came sometimes.
Yanni came to Algeria to have a better life.
Yanni came to Algeria with some baggage.
Yanni came to Algeria.
Yanni came to Algiers to be an actor.
Yanni came to Algiers with a dream.
Yanni came to Algiers with the hope of making it big.
Yanni came to California to make it big in Hollywood.
Yanni came to Islam in 2004.
Yanni came to New York to make it big on Broadway.
Yanni came to Skura's house one day after school.
Yanni came to Skura's house.
Yanni came to Skura.
Yanni came to a stop sign.
Yanni came to get some clothes.
Yanni came to hang out with us.
Yanni came to his sister's room to check on her.
Yanni came to open the door.
Yanni came to pick Skura up.
Yanni came to pick me up.
Yanni came to speak to Skura.
Yanni came to take the chain off the door.
Yanni came to the bottom of the stairs.
Yanni came to the driving school.
Yanni came to the jeans section.
Yanni came to the mosque tired.
Yanni came to this facility for rehab services.
Yanni came to this facility to have therapy.
Yanni came to this school.
Yanni came to visit Rima a lot.
Yanni came to visit Rima every single month.
Yanni came to visit Rima.
Yanni came to visit Skura during visiting hours.
Yanni came to visit Skura on the weekend.
Yanni came to visit Skura while she was in her coma and prayed over her.
Yanni came to work by bus.
Yanni came to work.
Yanni came under police scrutiny.
Yanni came up to Skura and gave her a letter.
Yanni came up to Skura's table.
Yanni came up with a weird proposition.
Yanni came upon a gang of baboons.
Yanni came upstairs.
Yanni came with a flashlight.
Yanni came with his snotty children.
Yanni came with the hope of making it big in Algiers.
Yanni came.
Yanni camped in his yard.
Yanni camped in the woods.
Yanni can accomplish much.
Yanni can and will change.
Yanni can be dead in five minutes.
Yanni can be in Algiers in less than four hours.
Yanni can be rich some day.
Yanni can beat Skura.
Yanni can beat you.
Yanni can bench four hundred pounds.
Yanni can break those habits.
Yanni can breathe without pain.
Yanni can change a light bulb himself.
Yanni can change.
Yanni can come live with Skura.
Yanni can come today.
Yanni can come whenever he wants.
Yanni can control this light from two different light switches.
Yanni can cook couscous.
Yanni can cook.
Yanni can create stories so easily.
Yanni can dance.
Yanni can do a Scottish accent.
Yanni can do a few things to better manage this.
Yanni can do a lot of things.
Yanni can do better than that.
Yanni can do better.
Yanni can do it.
Yanni can do so many things that he wasn't able to do before.
Yanni can do something with this money.
Yanni can do that now.
Yanni can do that with anyone.
Yanni can do this himself.
Yanni can do this.
Yanni can do two separate things at the same time.
Yanni can do whatever he wants.
Yanni can drive Skura to Algiers.
Yanni can drive in poor conditions.
Yanni can drive manual cars.
Yanni can drive.
Yanni can eat again.
Yanni can eat as many figs as he wants.
Yanni can eat faster than that.
Yanni can eat his sandwich anywhere.
Yanni can eat the cookies.
Yanni can email Skura.
Yanni can end this affair.
Yanni can fast for Ramadan.
Yanni can find another girlfriend.
Yanni can fix the van.
Yanni can get Skura in.
Yanni can get along with Rima.
Yanni can get into trouble.
Yanni can get past his affair with Rima.
Yanni can get this for you.
Yanni can give Skura a ride home.
Yanni can go and celebrate his victory.
Yanni can go find another girl.
Yanni can go now.
Yanni can go there.
Yanni can go to Algiers.
Yanni can handle himself.
Yanni can handle it.
Yanni can have a good family life now.
Yanni can have an apple.
Yanni can have four phone conversations at the same time.
Yanni can have his nap now.
Yanni can have his nap.
Yanni can have my bed.
Yanni can have so many friends.
Yanni can hear us.
Yanni can help Skura with that.
Yanni can help everyone learn Berber.
Yanni can integrate easily.
Yanni can join the army.
Yanni can jump from a moving vehicle.
Yanni can keep the money he made.
Yanni can leave his car out there.
Yanni can live an independent life.
Yanni can live.
Yanni can make a fortune.
Yanni can make a list.
Yanni can make you a basket in less than an hour.
Yanni can neither read nor write Berber.
Yanni can neither speak nor read Berber.
Yanni can never be a perfect Muslim.
Yanni can never be a perfect man.
Yanni can never bring Skura's daughter back.
Yanni can only talk to his dog.
Yanni can pay for it.
Yanni can play basketball as long as he wears that helmet.
Yanni can play saxophone.
Yanni can prevent this small windshield crack from getting bigger.
Yanni can punish Skura.
Yanni can read body language.
Yanni can read people.
Yanni can read the Quran.
Yanni can recognize that.
Yanni can recognize this.
Yanni can remove the syringe now.
Yanni can replace a light switch.
Yanni can run.
Yanni can see everything.
Yanni can see that.
Yanni can see the front yard.
Yanni can see your face now.
Yanni can speak Berber and Japanese.
Yanni can start the car now.
Yanni can stay for another night.
Yanni can stay home.
Yanni can stay.
Yanni can still hear Skura's screams in his mind to this day.
Yanni can stop whenever he wants.
Yanni can survive and thrive on his own.
Yanni can take Skura to the other side of Algiers.
Yanni can take a cab home.
Yanni can take care of himself.
Yanni can take the wood into his own house.
Yanni can talk.
Yanni can teach you that.
Yanni can tell me.
Yanni can tell us.
Yanni can tell when Skura is lying.
Yanni can try coming back tomorrow.
Yanni can turn to Rima for comfort.
Yanni can use Berber in any kind of situation.
Yanni can use his imagination on that one.
Yanni can use this windshield repair kit multiple times.
Yanni can wait here.
Yanni can walk now.
Yanni can watch all of these classes.
Yanni can watch that later.
Yanni can weave baskets with all sorts of vines.
Yanni can weave baskets.
Yanni can wish for whatever his heart desires.
Yanni can work more than four hours a day.
Yanni can work with Skura.
Yanni can yell if he wants to yell.
Yanni can't afford a new windshield.
Yanni can't afford repairing his windshield professionally.
Yanni can't afford that t-shirt.
Yanni can't afford to buy a ticket.
Yanni can't afford to move to Algiers.
Yanni can't afford to rent a house in Algiers.
Yanni can't answer that call.
Yanni can't be a perfect man.
Yanni can't be doing this.
Yanni can't be friends with Rima.
Yanni can't be friends with Skura.
Yanni can't believe Skura.
Yanni can't believe that people like this exist.
Yanni can't believe that.
Yanni can't believe this.
Yanni can't believe those boys did that.
Yanni can't build a love relationship based on distrust.
Yanni can't buy his way out of trouble.
Yanni can't call Rima.
Yanni can't change.
Yanni can't come along.
Yanni can't come this way.
Yanni can't come today.
Yanni can't control his emotions.
Yanni can't dance.
Yanni can't deal with the stress of traffic.
Yanni can't deny it.
Yanni can't disclose anything on an ongoing investigation.
Yanni can't divorce Skura.
Yanni can't do anything Rima.
Yanni can't do that.
Yanni can't do this right now.
Yanni can't do this.
Yanni can't draw.
Yanni can't drive again.
Yanni can't drive around with damaged license plates.
Yanni can't drive in real life.
Yanni can't drive.
Yanni can't eat on that tooth.
Yanni can't eat.
Yanni can't even change a light bulb.
Yanni can't even fix a broken light switch.
Yanni can't even pronounce 'Algeria' properly.
Yanni can't even remember this experience.
Yanni can't even see Skura.
Yanni can't even spell his name correctly.
Yanni can't explain this any other way.
Yanni can't explain this.
Yanni can't fast to Ramadan because he has low-blood sugar problems.
Yanni can't figure out how to read this document.
Yanni can't find Skura a job.
Yanni can't find a job.
Yanni can't find his car's owner's manual.
Yanni can't find his loofah.
Yanni can't find his way home.
Yanni can't fire Skura.
Yanni can't fix his relationship with Rima on his own.
Yanni can't fully remember all of the poem.
Yanni can't get to the door.
Yanni can't go any faster.
Yanni can't go anywhere.
Yanni can't go out.
Yanni can't go to that game.
Yanni can't go to the concert.
Yanni can't go to the movies with Skura.
Yanni can't handle it.
Yanni can't handle this.
Yanni can't hear himself snoring.
Yanni can't hear.
Yanni can't help it.
Yanni can't hide his embarrassment.
Yanni can't ignore his mounting debts.
Yanni can't imagine himself being happy without Skura.
Yanni can't just give stock away, otherwise he would get fired.
Yanni can't just give up.
Yanni can't just leave.
Yanni can't just quit.
Yanni can't justify his actions.
Yanni can't keep his spine straight.
Yanni can't leave this bag in the garage.
Yanni can't let this happen.
Yanni can't live in Algiers.
Yanni can't live like this.
Yanni can't live without a woman.
Yanni can't make Skura talk.
Yanni can't make an intelligent choice.
Yanni can't make anything work.
Yanni can't paint.
Yanni can't party on a school night.
Yanni can't play basketball.
Yanni can't provide for Skura.
Yanni can't put his finger on it.
Yanni can't read Skura's lips.
Yanni can't read the menu. He's illiterate.
Yanni can't read the whole Quran.
Yanni can't really imagine himself fasting for a whole month.
Yanni can't really remember that.
Yanni can't really understand Berber.
Yanni can't remember Skura's exact words but they were essentially that.
Yanni can't remember when he noticed his phone was gone.
Yanni can't remember.
Yanni can't resist.
Yanni can't respond to every single person who sends him an email.
Yanni can't respond to that email.
Yanni can't return to work.
Yanni can't reverse.
Yanni can't run as fast as Skura.
Yanni can't see all his friends can see.
Yanni can't see anything.
Yanni can't see the crack in his windshield without his glasses.
Yanni can't see the crack in the windshield.
Yanni can't see what Skura is typing.
Yanni can't see.
Yanni can't share that message.
Yanni can't sleep either.
Yanni can't sleep when Skura is snoring.
Yanni can't speak any Berber.
Yanni can't speak around Skura.
Yanni can't speak or understand Berber.
Yanni can't speak the truth.
Yanni can't stand talkative children.
Yanni can't stand to be separated from his mother.
Yanni can't stay away from Skura.
Yanni can't stay in Algeria for ever.
Yanni can't stay locked in his room for ever.
Yanni can't stay there anymore.
Yanni can't stay with Skura.
Yanni can't stop living his life because of what happened.
Yanni can't stop now.
Yanni can't stop working.
Yanni can't stop.
Yanni can't survive on his own.
Yanni can't take back what he said.
Yanni can't take care of a bastard.
Yanni can't talk.
Yanni can't teach Berber.
Yanni can't tell when he last saw Skura.
Yanni can't tell why he failed his driving test.
Yanni can't tell you.
Yanni can't trust Skura anymore.
Yanni can't trust his cane to keep him safe.
Yanni can't wait to drive again.
Yanni can't wait to see the elephants.
Yanni can't walk without clutches.
Yanni can't walk.
Yanni can't wear this back brace during the summer.
Yanni can't win a prize with this.
Yanni can't work without his back brace.
Yanni can't work.
Yanni canceled all his appointments just to be with Skura.
Yanni canceled the appointment.
Yanni cannot afford to pay his rent.
Yanni cannot do that.
Yanni cannot paint.
Yanni cared about Skura.
Yanni cared about people.
Yanni cared for his father.
Yanni cared so much about Skura.
Yanni carefully peeled off the sticker.
Yanni carefully read the instructions.
Yanni carefully removed the syringe.
Yanni cares about Rima.
Yanni cares about Skura.
Yanni cares about us.
Yanni cares too much.
Yanni carpooled with his neighbors.
Yanni carried Rima on his back.
Yanni carried Skura back to her room.
Yanni carried Skura's suitcases to the cab.
Yanni carried on his affair in secret.
Yanni carries a gun.
Yanni carries a knife.
Yanni carries a little lock knife.
Yanni carries his knife with him at all times.
Yanni cashed in the money.
Yanni cat-sat for Skura.
Yanni categorically denied his involvement.
Yanni caught Skura and her gym instructor in the car, kissing.
Yanni caught Skura cheating on him.
Yanni caught Skura in a lie.
Yanni caught Skura in another affair.
Yanni caught Skura in bed with another man.
Yanni caught Skura's eye.
Yanni caught a June beetle with his net.
Yanni caught a flight home from the capital Algiers.
Yanni caught a huge scorpion in the basement.
Yanni caught detectives' eyes.
Yanni caught his wife cheating with another man.
Yanni caught his wife cheating.
Yanni caught his wife making out with another man in her car.
Yanni caught sight of a man he didn't know.
Yanni caught the scorpion, took it out and released it.
Yanni caught up to Skura.
Yanni caugth his wife cheating on him.
Yanni celebrates Yennayer every year.
Yanni celebrates Yennayer.
Yanni challenged Rima.
Yanni challenged Skura to fast for four days during Ramadan.
Yanni changed Skura's life forever.
Yanni changed a light bulb.
Yanni changed departments.
Yanni changed direction quickly and booked it away.
Yanni changed drastically.
Yanni changed gears.
Yanni changed his behavior around Skura.
Yanni changed his kitchen faucet.
Yanni changed his mind several times.
Yanni changed his name to Ziri.
Yanni changed his plans.
Yanni changed his stance on firearms.
Yanni changed in his van.
Yanni changed in the barn.
Yanni changed into army fatigues.
Yanni changed into women's attire.
Yanni changed lanes.
Yanni changed on the bus.
Yanni changed the light switch all by himself.
Yanni changed the old oil filter.
Yanni changed the subject.
Yanni changed the tape.
Yanni changed the wheel.
Yanni changed.
Yanni changes gears too slowly.
Yanni changes topics frequently.
Yanni charged his electric toothbrush.
Yanni charged his phone.
Yanni chased that man out of the store.
Yanni cheated a lot.
Yanni cheated death.
Yanni cheated whenever he could.
Yanni checked Skura's Facebook page.
Yanni checked Skura's emails.
Yanni checked Skura's temperature with a temperature gun.
Yanni checked Skura's video out.
Yanni checked his answering machine but Skura had left no messages.
Yanni checked his appearance.
Yanni checked his blind spot then changed lanes.
Yanni checked his email.
Yanni checked his engine oil.
Yanni checked his oil.
Yanni checked his pager.
Yanni checked his watch.
Yanni checked on Skura and Nuja.
Yanni checked on Skura.
Yanni checked out Skura's new videos.
Yanni checked the back door.
Yanni checked the basement again.
Yanni checked the bathrooms.
Yanni checked the cabinets and all of them were secured.
Yanni checked the doors.
Yanni checked the engine again.
Yanni checked the engine.
Yanni checked the gate.
Yanni checked the house.
Yanni checked the oil again.
Yanni checked the oil.
Yanni checked the weather.
Yanni checked under the car and found a dead cat.
Yanni checks the weather before caving.
Yanni cheerfully told Skura he was glad to help.
Yanni chickened out.
Yanni choked on the banana.
Yanni chopped the figs up.
Yanni chose a life of crime.
Yanni chose an apartment in Algiers.
Yanni chose to commit suicide.
Yanni chose to deal with that.
Yanni chose to distract himself.
Yanni chose to have a sandwich for lunch.
Yanni chose to leave in comfort with his mother.
Yanni claimed he loved Skura.
Yanni claimed he needed the gun for protection from Skura.
Yanni claimed he was looking for Skura.
Yanni claimed that the household was his and that Skura stole it from him.
Yanni claims that Jesus was black.
Yanni cleaned everything up.
Yanni cleaned himself up.
Yanni cleaned his goat's udder.
Yanni cleaned his room.
Yanni cleaned his windshield with a cloth.
Yanni cleaned some dishes.
Yanni cleaned the bullseye with rubbing alcohol.
Yanni cleaned the engine.
Yanni cleaned the table.
Yanni cleaned the windshield rock chip with rubbing alcohol.
Yanni cleaned the windshield up.
Yanni cleaned the windshield.
Yanni cleaned up his vomit.
Yanni cleaned up the mess with tissue paper.
Yanni cleaned up the mess.
Yanni cleaned up the windshield.
Yanni cleans everything.
Yanni cleans his goat's udder prior to milking it.
Yanni cleans his goat's udder very well before he milks it.
Yanni cleans his goat's udder with antibacterial spray.
Yanni cleans his windshield with glass cleaner.
Yanni cleans the udder area of his goat before he milks it.
Yanni cleared the space and set up his tent.
Yanni clearly knows what he's doing.
Yanni clicked here and that window popped up.
Yanni clicked on Skura's video.
Yanni clicked on the link.
Yanni clicked on the notification bell.
Yanni climbed onto my trunk.
Yanni climbed the fence to escape.
Yanni clinched Skura's wrist.
Yanni clocked in as usual and went straight to work.
Yanni closed Skura's casket.
Yanni closed everything down and left.
Yanni closed his laptop.
Yanni closed the container.
Yanni closed the door and walked away.
Yanni closed the gate.
Yanni closed the menu and was ready to order.
Yanni closed up his store in Algeria.
Yanni clung to life with horrific burns.
Yanni coached Skura for four days straight.
Yanni coerced Skura into having phone sex with him.
Yanni collapsed into the dirt.
Yanni collected Rima's letters.
Yanni collected cars and they weren't cheap ones.
Yanni collected his belongings.
Yanni comes from Kabylie, Algeria.
Yanni comes from a Tuareg background.
Yanni comes from a Tuareg nomadic family.
Yanni comes from a family where image is important.
Yanni comes from a loving and stable home.
Yanni comes from a loving home.
Yanni comes from a poor Algerian family.
Yanni comes from a stable home.
Yanni comes from one of the most influential families in Algeria.
Yanni comes to Algeria every week.
Yanni comes to Algiers four times a month.
Yanni comes to the mosque five times a day.
Yanni commented on Rima's meme on Instagram.
Yanni committed a murder.
Yanni committed dozens of crimes.
Yanni committed dozens of murders.
Yanni committed four murders.
Yanni committed his daughter to a mental institution to keep her away from Ziri.
Yanni committed suicide with a gun.
Yanni committed suicide.
Yanni committed the crime.
Yanni communicates with Rima on a daily basis.
Yanni compared his situation with Skura's.
Yanni competed there four times.
Yanni complained about anything and everything.
Yanni complained about everything.
Yanni complained about his friends.
Yanni complained about his job.
Yanni complained about his wife.
Yanni complained of some physical symptoms.
Yanni complained.
Yanni completed his apprenticeship.
Yanni completed his first novel in 2004.
Yanni completed his job.
Yanni completed the Berber language course.
Yanni completely blamed himself for not coming to visit Rima.
Yanni completely changed.
Yanni completely disregarded this.
Yanni completely ignored the cop.
Yanni completely stopped reading the Quran for four months.
Yanni completely trusts Rima.
Yanni complimented Skura's Kabyle dress.
Yanni complimented Skura.
Yanni concentrated on his work.
Yanni concluded that Skura's life was hell and she had to divorce Ziri.
Yanni confessed that he had been sexually intimate with his sister as a teenager.
Yanni confronted Rima.
Yanni confronted the robber.
Yanni congratulated Skura.
Yanni connected both wires to the light switch.
Yanni connected with someone else out of marriage.
Yanni considered Skura as a partner who could help him live out his fantasies.
Yanni considers himself a Muslim.
Yanni considers himself a fairly good student.
Yanni considers himself an introvert.
Yanni considers himself strong and brave.
Yanni considers learning Berber as an investment.
Yanni considers some of his friends as family.
Yanni constantly criticized Skura.
Yanni consumed a lot of alcohol that night.
Yanni contacted Rima.
Yanni contacted Skura about work-related problems.
Yanni contacted Skura again.
Yanni contacted Skura with a very strange request.
Yanni contacted Skura.
Yanni contacted his lawyer.
Yanni contacted the boss.
Yanni contacted the police.
Yanni contacted the technical team.
Yanni continued doing occupational therapy for the whole summer.
Yanni continued doing stock work.
Yanni continued down the road.
Yanni continued east on the East-West Highway of Algeria.
Yanni continued glaring at Skura menacingly.
Yanni continued his affair.
Yanni continued his emotional affair.
Yanni continued his hike.
Yanni continued north to Algiers.
Yanni continued to bang on Skura's door.
Yanni continued to blame others for all the issues in his life.
Yanni continued to drink.
Yanni continued to harass Skura for her contact information.
Yanni continued to have contact with Rima.
Yanni continued to look at Skura.
Yanni continued to look.
Yanni continued to make flirtatious comments directed at Skura.
Yanni continued to pester Skura for a date.
Yanni continued to press Skura.
Yanni continued to proclaim his innocence.
Yanni continued to protest his innocence.
Yanni continued to seek out more information about Islam.
Yanni continued to take pictures of Skura's home.
Yanni continued to talk softly.
Yanni continued to use that basket for years.
Yanni continued to walk.
Yanni continued to yell insults at Skura through the window.
Yanni continued with his driving lessons.
Yanni continued with his life. He remarried and had four other children.
Yanni continued with his work.
Yanni continued.
Yanni continues to learn more about Islam.
Yanni continuously pushed Skura to hang out with him.
Yanni continuously said he wanted to kill Skura.
Yanni contracted gangrene in one of his legs.
Yanni controlled that urge.
Yanni converted to Islam a week ago.
Yanni converted to Islam a year ago.
Yanni converted to Islam and it was the best thing that he has ever done.
Yanni converted to Islam at age 40.
Yanni converted to Islam at age forty.
Yanni converted to Islam at fourteen.
Yanni converted to Islam at the age of 14.
Yanni converted to Islam for Skura.
Yanni converted to Islam in 2004.
Yanni converted to Islam last April.
Yanni converted to Islam on the 4th of April, 2004.
Yanni converted to Islam on the Sunday before Ramadan.
Yanni converted to Islam when he was 14.
Yanni converted to Islam when he was only 14.
Yanni converted to Islam willingly.
Yanni converted to the Muslim faith.
Yanni convinced Skura that he loved her in a previous life and that they could be lovers in many lives to come.
Yanni convinced Skura to block Ziri on Facebook.
Yanni convinced Skura to get out.
Yanni convinced Skura to stay in Algeria.
Yanni convinced his mom to send him to Algeria to visit his grandmother.
Yanni cooked couscous.
Yanni cooked dinner before Skura got home.
Yanni cooked for Skura.
Yanni cooked in his basement.
Yanni cooked in the basement.
Yanni cooked it.
Yanni cooked the figs in sugar and honey to make some fig jam.
Yanni cooked.
Yanni cooks Algerian food.
Yanni coordinated Skura's murder and left nothing to chance.
Yanni copied Skura's movements.
Yanni copies Skura's behavior.
Yanni could barely react.
Yanni could be a really good reporter.
Yanni could be the next Lionel Messi.
Yanni could clearly hear the anguish in Rima's voice.
Yanni could do better.
Yanni could do nothing about it.
Yanni could eat this whole bucket of figs all by himself.
Yanni could end up in Algeria.
Yanni could feel that bad feeling.
Yanni could hardly believe his luck.
Yanni could have been alive.
Yanni could have been shot.
Yanni could have been treated.
Yanni could have caused a terrible accident.
Yanni could have died that night.
Yanni could have easily lured Skura somewhere.
Yanni could have gotten murdered.
Yanni could have lost his life that night.
Yanni could have murdered Rima on the way.
Yanni could have taken care of Rima here in Algeria.
Yanni could have talked his wife around, but that wasn't his style.
Yanni could hear Skura talking about him.
Yanni could hear his own heart beat.
Yanni could hear his own voice trembling.
Yanni could hear screams in the distance.
Yanni could hear someone out there.
Yanni could hear things happening in the distance.
Yanni could leave Skura.
Yanni could make something out of his life.
Yanni could not afford to hire models.
Yanni could not take rejection.
Yanni could not work.
Yanni could see Skura kissing that boy in the hallway.
Yanni could see all of that.
Yanni could see blood coming from Skura's nose.
Yanni could see that black shape.
Yanni could see the man's shadow coming down the road.
Yanni could sense Skura coming up the stairs.
Yanni could smell Skura's friend from where he was standing.
Yanni could smell the booze on Skura.
Yanni could still be a danger to Skura's relationship with Ziri.
Yanni could still hear that noise.
Yanni could take care of Rima.
Yanni couldn't accomplish even the smallest daily task.
Yanni couldn't afford a drink.
Yanni couldn't be located.
Yanni couldn't be treated.
Yanni couldn't believe how fast he lost everything.
Yanni couldn't believe it.
Yanni couldn't betray his Islamic principles.
Yanni couldn't bring himself to do that.
Yanni couldn't buy an Xbox.
Yanni couldn't control himself.
Yanni couldn't even catch his breath.
Yanni couldn't even hear himself think.
Yanni couldn't even pay for his bus ride home.
Yanni couldn't even think straight.
Yanni couldn't fall back asleep.
Yanni couldn't feel his legs.
Yanni couldn't find a job and turned to the bottle to ease his pain.
Yanni couldn't find his clothes anywhere.
Yanni couldn't find his phone.
Yanni couldn't find the keyhole.
Yanni couldn't find the oil drain plug.
Yanni couldn't find the term.
Yanni couldn't find where the footprints ended.
Yanni couldn't fix that windshield bullseye.
Yanni couldn't get Skura out of his mind.
Yanni couldn't get enough of Skura.
Yanni couldn't get his life together.
Yanni couldn't get past Skura.
Yanni couldn't get the door open.
Yanni couldn't go outside.
Yanni couldn't have done it.
Yanni couldn't keep his story straight during the interview.
Yanni couldn't make out the license of the car.
Yanni couldn't move any muscle.
Yanni couldn't open the safe.
Yanni couldn't pay the cab.
Yanni couldn't prove his theory.
Yanni couldn't read the menu. It was in Chinese.
Yanni couldn't resist those sinister thoughts.
Yanni couldn't see Skura's eyes under her hood.
Yanni couldn't see Skura's face.
Yanni couldn't see anything clearly far beyond his car.
Yanni couldn't see anything.
Yanni couldn't see who it was.
Yanni couldn't sit still.
Yanni couldn't sleep if his mom wasn't around.
Yanni couldn't sleep well that night.
Yanni couldn't sleep.
Yanni couldn't stand.
Yanni couldn't stay awake any longer.
Yanni couldn't stop thinking about that girl.
Yanni couldn't take care of the kids.
Yanni couldn't talk because he was intubated.
Yanni couldn't teach Berber that particular day.
Yanni couldn't teach Berber.
Yanni couldn't tell his girlfriend at the time.
Yanni couldn't tell whether the voice was male or female.
Yanni couldn't treat his kids the way he wanted.
Yanni couldn't understand Berber.
Yanni couldn't understand Skura's accent.
Yanni couldn't understand a single word.
Yanni couldn't understand why Skura wouldn't unlock the door herself.
Yanni couldn't understand why his parents abandoned him.
Yanni couldn't unlock the door himself.
Yanni couldn't wait to meet Skura.
Yanni couldn't wait to see the lions.
Yanni courted one of the dancers.
Yanni covered Rima's coffin with a white sheet.
Yanni covered four hundred kilometers in Algeria.
Yanni covered himself up with the sand.
Yanni covered his ears and screamed.
Yanni covered his ears.
Yanni covered his mouth with his hand.
Yanni covered his tracks.
Yanni coveted his father's wealth.
Yanni cracked a penis joke in front of the boss.
Yanni cracked open a beer.
Yanni crapped his pants.
Yanni crashed into a huge tree.
Yanni created a YouTube channel.
Yanni created a business.
Yanni created a fake persona.
Yanni created a network of suppliers in Algeria.
Yanni created a total of four hundred paintings.
Yanni created his own YouTube channel.
Yanni created that situation.
Yanni created videos for his business.
Yanni crept up right next to Skura's bed.
Yanni cried a bit at the beginning.
Yanni cried.
Yanni cries over anything and everything.
Yanni cross-dresses.
Yanni crossed a red line.
Yanni crossed the Algerian border.
Yanni crossed the grass between the Interstate.
Yanni crossed the line into inappropriate touching.
Yanni crossed the line into strange touching.
Yanni crouched beneath the window.
Yanni crouched on all fours.
Yanni crushed Skura against the door.
Yanni crushed sleeping pills into Skura's soup.
Yanni crushed the scorpion.
Yanni currently lives in Algiers with Skura.
Yanni currently lives in Algiers with his brother.
Yanni currently lives in Bejaia, Algeria.
Yanni currently lives with his mom in Algiers.
Yanni cut Rima off financially.
Yanni cut Skura off completely.
Yanni cut Skura out of his inheritance.
Yanni cut Skura's jugulars.
Yanni cut Skura's phone line and alarm.
Yanni cut himself.
Yanni cut his arms for attention.
Yanni cut his hair.
Yanni cut his son out of his inheritance.
Yanni cut his visit short.
Yanni cut off the stem of the fig.
Yanni cut off the stems of the figs.
Yanni cut off the tip of the resin tube.
Yanni cut the bottom out of the bucket.
Yanni cut the end of the resin tube.
Yanni cut the fig in half.
Yanni cut the fig into pieces.
Yanni cut the figs in halves.
Yanni cut the grass.
Yanni cut the ignition.
Yanni cut the tip of the resin tube off with a knife.
Yanni cut the tip of the resin tube off with a pair of scissors.
Yanni damaged Skura's windshield.
Yanni danced at the concert.
Yanni danced at the party.
Yanni danced on the beach.
Yanni danced.
Yanni darted out of bed.
Yanni dated Rima for four months.
Yanni dated Skura.
Yanni dated a teenage girl.
Yanni daughter doesn't have a boyfriend.
Yanni deceived Skura.
Yanni decided he had had enough.
Yanni decided he should go back to Algeria.
Yanni decided he wanted to distance himself from Skura.
Yanni decided that Skura had to pay.
Yanni decided to add figs into his diet.
Yanni decided to adopt a monochromatic palette.
Yanni decided to answer the unknown number and see who it was.
Yanni decided to break up with Skura and surprisingly, she didn't put up much of a fight.
Yanni decided to call the police.
Yanni decided to change his commercial.
Yanni decided to change his mind.
Yanni decided to change.
Yanni decided to check Facebook.
Yanni decided to commit suicide.
Yanni decided to convert to Islam.
Yanni decided to dig a little deeper.
Yanni decided to drive back to the hotel.
Yanni decided to drive north, towards Algiers.
Yanni decided to drive to the hotel.
Yanni decided to explore Algiers a little.
Yanni decided to fire Rima.
Yanni decided to focus on his new career.
Yanni decided to go and watch that movie again.
Yanni decided to go back to Algiers.
Yanni decided to go back to Skura's residence.
Yanni decided to go home.
Yanni decided to go out with some friends.
Yanni decided to go the opposite way.
Yanni decided to go to the game instead of the mosque.
Yanni decided to go to the toilet before heading home.
Yanni decided to head back to the cabin.
Yanni decided to hear Skura's story.
Yanni decided to hide.
Yanni decided to keep driving.
Yanni decided to leave the house at midnight.
Yanni decided to leave the mosque.
Yanni decided to let Skura in.
Yanni decided to paint a picture of Jesus.
Yanni decided to pull over and pick Skura up.
Yanni decided to pursue his desires.
Yanni decided to pursue his dreams in Algiers.
Yanni decided to relocate to Algeria.
Yanni decided to scout the perimeter.
Yanni decided to spend the night at his mother's.
Yanni decided to spend the night in the empty house.
Yanni decided to stay and wait.
Yanni decided to stay at Skura's place.
Yanni decided to stay on the bus.
Yanni decided to stay with Skura because of her little boy.
Yanni decided to stay.
Yanni decided to take a back road.
Yanni decided to take a different route to his normal one.
Yanni decided to take a gap year and visit Algeria.
Yanni decided to take a shower.
Yanni decided to take matters into his own hands.
Yanni decided to take that road.
Yanni decided to take up Algerian citizenship so he can stay here permanently.
Yanni decided to tell on Skura.
Yanni decided to travel to Algeria.
Yanni decided to travel to Japan.
Yanni decided to turn his life around.
Yanni decided to use the office toilet.
Yanni decided to visit Algiers for a weekend.
Yanni decided to visit an abandoned house.
Yanni decided to visit his brother in Algiers.
Yanni declined Rima's drink.
Yanni declined the invite.
Yanni defeated Skura.
Yanni definitely believes in God.
Yanni definitely doesn't remember that.
Yanni definitely has a love for Algeria.
Yanni definitely has the right skin tone.
Yanni defrosted the freezer.
Yanni delayed that as much as he could.
Yanni deleted a text from Skura.
Yanni deleted his YouTube channel.
Yanni deleted his account.
Yanni deleted his dating account.
Yanni deleted the file.
Yanni demanded Skura give him her number.
Yanni demanded that Skura block Ziri on Snapchat.
Yanni demanded that Skura break up with Ziri.
Yanni demanded that the judge call him "Professor."
Yanni denied all that.
Yanni denied ever teaching Berber.
Yanni denied everything.
Yanni denied it.
Yanni denied that.
Yanni denies that.
Yanni denounced the massacre.
Yanni dented Skura's car.
Yanni departed from Algiers on April, 4.
Yanni departed into the vast unknown of the desert.
Yanni described Rima just the way he remembered her.
Yanni described himself as a procrastinator.
Yanni described himself as pessimistic.
Yanni described in detail how he was going to rape Skura.
Yanni described that creature to a T.
Yanni described the picture.
Yanni described this creature accurately.
Yanni described this creature perfectly.
Yanni described this creature to a tee.
Yanni described this creature wonderfully.
Yanni deserved to live his life. He didn't deserve to meet his Maker at such an early age.
Yanni deserves a break.
Yanni deserves a large orange juice.
Yanni deserves some ice cream.
Yanni desperately wanted the principal to believe that he was kidding.
Yanni desperately wanted to go with Skura to Algeria.
Yanni destroyed Skura's family.
Yanni destroyed Skura's life.
Yanni destroyed Skura's photographs.
Yanni destroyed any kind of trust that I could ever have in him.
Yanni destroyed any kind of trust that I could have in a co-worker.
Yanni destroyed any kind of trust that I could have in a roommate.
Yanni destroyed the house.
Yanni destroys lives for his own gain.
Yanni detached himself from Skura a long time ago.
Yanni detached himself from Skura emotionally.
Yanni detached himself from Skura.
Yanni developed a hotel in Algeria.
Yanni developed a new painting style.
Yanni developed a new software.
Yanni developed a relationship outside of his relationship with Rima.
Yanni developed a strong interest in Islam.
Yanni developed abandonment issues.
Yanni developed an obsession for Skura.
Yanni developed an obsession with lighting fires.
Yanni developed major anxiety.
Yanni developed some very inefficient coping strategies.
Yanni devoted himself to Skura when she was sick.
Yanni dialed Skura's phone number.
Yanni dictated a letter in Berber.
Yanni did Skura a little favor.
Yanni did a good job today.
Yanni did a lot of bad things to Skura.
Yanni did a pretty good job.
Yanni did a stupid thing.
Yanni did a very dumb thing.
Yanni did all that.
Yanni did an incredible amount of cocaine that week.
Yanni did an investigation.
Yanni did as Skura said.
Yanni did as the robber said.
Yanni did call 911.
Yanni did change his mind.
Yanni did drink a lot.
Yanni did enjoy doing physical therapy.
Yanni did everything he could to keep that marriage going.
Yanni did everything wrong.
Yanni did everything.
Yanni did give Skura his number.
Yanni did have a hard time feeling accepted in Skura's family.
Yanni did his Berber homework.
Yanni did his best not to draw attention to himself.
Yanni did horrible experiments on animals.
Yanni did it again.
Yanni did it multiple times.
Yanni did it.
Yanni did karaoke with Rima.
Yanni did more drugs.
Yanni did not attend Skura's funeral.
Yanni did not convert to Islam for a woman.
Yanni did not have a problem with that.
Yanni did not hide the fact that he had a lengthy criminal record.
Yanni did not learn Berber until he lived in Bejaia.
Yanni did not like it.
Yanni did not recognize Rima.
Yanni did not shed a single tear.
Yanni did not speak a lot about Rima.
Yanni did not understand.
Yanni did not want to come back.
Yanni did nothing.
Yanni did really well.
Yanni did save Skura's life.
Yanni did see Skura last night.
Yanni did several videos about that.
Yanni did some homework.
Yanni did some jail time.
Yanni did some jobs around the farm.
Yanni did something bad.
Yanni did something insane.
Yanni did something terrible.
Yanni did something that Skura could not forgive.
Yanni did something totally senseless.
Yanni did something wrong.
Yanni did speak a bit of Berber around the house.
Yanni did terrible things.
Yanni did that after his accident.
Yanni did that before becoming a Muslim.
Yanni did that before he died.
Yanni did that before the accident.
Yanni did that countless times.
Yanni did that effortlessly.
Yanni did that for the love of his life, Skura.
Yanni did that in a dignified way.
Yanni did that in person.
Yanni did that in the first few hours of his shift.
Yanni did that on a date.
Yanni did that so many times.
Yanni did that to himself.
Yanni did that totally on purpose.
Yanni did that, too.
Yanni did that.
Yanni did the best thing.
Yanni did the dishes.
Yanni did the right thing by hiring a private investigator.
Yanni did the right thing.
Yanni did the same.
Yanni did the shahada and became Muslim.
Yanni did the shahada and became a Muslim.
Yanni did the shahada on April 4, 2004.
Yanni did the shahada with Skura over the Internet.
Yanni did the worst job ever.
Yanni did things that comforted Rima.
Yanni did to Skura the same thing she did to Ziri.
Yanni did what Skura wanted.
Yanni did whatever he wanted.
Yanni didn't acknowledge the store assistant.
Yanni didn't allow Skura to do that.
Yanni didn't always go to every single Berber class.
Yanni didn't answer the call.
Yanni didn't answer the door.
Yanni didn't apologize.
Yanni didn't approve of Skura's fianc.
Yanni didn't ask Skura to give him a discount.
Yanni didn't ask for a receipt.
Yanni didn't attend the meeting.
Yanni didn't believe Skura.
Yanni didn't believe that.
Yanni didn't bother call the police.
Yanni didn't bring his phone.
Yanni didn't call 911.
Yanni didn't call any of Skura's family.
Yanni didn't call for help.
Yanni didn't call the police.
Yanni didn't care if he appeared rude.
Yanni didn't care what it was.
Yanni didn't care what that noise was.
Yanni didn't care.
Yanni didn't change a thing.
Yanni didn't change.
Yanni didn't come back.
Yanni didn't consider doing that.
Yanni didn't consume alcohol.
Yanni didn't convert to Islam for Skura.
Yanni didn't convert to Islam for a woman.
Yanni didn't correct Rima.
Yanni didn't cry until he saw Skura's body.
Yanni didn't cry until he saw Skura's grave.
Yanni didn't dare turn around.
Yanni didn't deny that.
Yanni didn't die.
Yanni didn't do anything worth writing home about.
Yanni didn't do as well as Skura did.
Yanni didn't do it intentionally.
Yanni didn't do it perfectly.
Yanni didn't do that for Skura's benefit.
Yanni didn't do that.
Yanni didn't eat anything.
Yanni didn't eat.
Yanni didn't enjoy that, obviously.
Yanni didn't enter the mosque.
Yanni didn't even care.
Yanni didn't even enter.
Yanni didn't even get dressed.
Yanni didn't even have a cellphone.
Yanni didn't even have a fridge.
Yanni didn't even know how to get started.
Yanni didn't even like couscous.
Yanni didn't even read Rima's text.
Yanni didn't even read the instructions.
Yanni didn't even read the menu.
Yanni didn't even realize he was doing that.
Yanni didn't even recognize that it was Skura.
Yanni didn't even recognize who Skura was.
Yanni didn't even see the movie trailer.
Yanni didn't even talk to Skura about that.
Yanni didn't expect something like that to happen.
Yanni didn't fast at all.
Yanni didn't feel comfortable.
Yanni didn't feel nervous at all.
Yanni didn't feel right.
Yanni didn't find Skura.
Yanni didn't find any tire marks there.
Yanni didn't find anything.
Yanni didn't find that funny.
Yanni didn't finish his milk.
Yanni didn't focus on his studies.
Yanni didn't get a job.
Yanni didn't get a lot of sleep.
Yanni didn't get a single question right.
Yanni didn't get any better.
Yanni didn't get any more information out of Skura.
Yanni didn't get anything.
Yanni didn't get help.
Yanni didn't get the truck's tag number.
Yanni didn't get very far.
Yanni didn't give Skura a receipt.
Yanni didn't give Skura any instruction.
Yanni didn't give Skura his phone.
Yanni didn't go to school.
Yanni didn't go to that event.
Yanni didn't go to the authorities.
Yanni didn't go to the movies.
Yanni didn't grow in the best environment.
Yanni didn't hang out with anybody else.
Yanni didn't have Skura's number nor where she lived.
Yanni didn't have a camera or a phone.
Yanni didn't have a chance.
Yanni didn't have a choice.
Yanni didn't have a clue what could be the problem.
Yanni didn't have a clue.
Yanni didn't have a fridge in his hut in the forest.
Yanni didn't have a high school diploma, so he couldn't find a decent job.
Yanni didn't have a lot of cash on him.
Yanni didn't have a phone.
Yanni didn't have a religion.
Yanni didn't have a ring on his finger.
Yanni didn't have a way to call Skura.
Yanni didn't have an explanation for that cash.
Yanni didn't have any Muslim friends.
Yanni didn't have any bad bone in his body.
Yanni didn't have any cigarette on him.
Yanni didn't have any friends.
Yanni didn't have any key in his hand.
Yanni didn't have any support at all.
Yanni didn't have complications.
Yanni didn't have energy.
Yanni didn't have feelings for Rima.
Yanni didn't have much of a personality.
Yanni didn't have that app on his phone.
Yanni didn't have time for that.
Yanni didn't have time to take care of Rima.
Yanni didn't have to go to Japan.
Yanni didn't have to lock his car doors.
Yanni didn't have to worry about making noise.
Yanni didn't have very many friends.
Yanni didn't hear Skura flush.
Yanni didn't hear a thing from his soundproof office.
Yanni didn't hear from that girl for a way.
Yanni didn't help Skura.
Yanni didn't intend on making any other stops.
Yanni didn't intend to kill Skura.
Yanni didn't keep his promise to put Skura on his life insurance.
Yanni didn't keep his side of the bargain.
Yanni didn't know Berber.
Yanni didn't know Rima was Algerian.
Yanni didn't know Skura had a penpal from Algeria.
Yanni didn't know Skura was coming here.
Yanni didn't know Skura's last name.
Yanni didn't know anything about Algeria.
Yanni didn't know anything about any religion.
Yanni didn't know enough about the situation.
Yanni didn't know exactly when Skura would be coming to pick him up.
Yanni didn't know how to describe it.
Yanni didn't know how to help Rima.
Yanni didn't know if Skura was alive.
Yanni didn't know it.
Yanni didn't know much about computers.
Yanni didn't know that Skura could understand Berber.
Yanni didn't know that person's biological sex.
Yanni didn't know the way home.
Yanni didn't know the way.
Yanni didn't know what Skura wanted him to help her with.
Yanni didn't know what else to do.
Yanni didn't know what to believe anymore.
Yanni didn't know what to do in that situation.
Yanni didn't know what to do with his life.
Yanni didn't know what to do.
Yanni didn't know what to say, so he stayed quiet and drove off.
Yanni didn't know what was going on.
Yanni didn't know where Skura had been.
Yanni didn't know where Skura was going.
Yanni didn't know where his glasses were.
Yanni didn't know which direction Skura was coming from.
Yanni didn't known what happened.
Yanni didn't leave Skura anything.
Yanni didn't let Rima leave the bar.
Yanni didn't let Skura do that herself.
Yanni didn't let the cat sleep in his bed.
Yanni didn't light the cigarette.
Yanni didn't like Rima at all.
Yanni didn't like Skura going to things without him.
Yanni didn't like Skura using that drug.
Yanni didn't like Skura's boyfriend.
Yanni didn't like Skura's drugs.
Yanni didn't like Skura's story.
Yanni didn't like Skura.
Yanni didn't like being married.
Yanni didn't like it.
Yanni didn't like not being in control.
Yanni didn't like or comment on Skura's picture.
Yanni didn't like that t-shirt.
Yanni didn't like that.
Yanni didn't like the hospital food.
Yanni didn't like to teach Berber.
Yanni didn't like what happened to Skura.
Yanni didn't look anything like Ziri.
Yanni didn't look back.
Yanni didn't maintain eye contact and was evasive.
Yanni didn't make any money in April.
Yanni didn't make any progress.
Yanni didn't make it out.
Yanni didn't make it.
Yanni didn't mean his statement as a threat.
Yanni didn't mention Skura in his will.
Yanni didn't mention that.
Yanni didn't mention the shop's name.
Yanni didn't mind Skura at all.
Yanni didn't move a muscle.
Yanni didn't move to answer the call.
Yanni didn't move to get the call.
Yanni didn't necessarily understand it that way.
Yanni didn't notice anything out of the ordinary.
Yanni didn't notice the crack in his windshield.
Yanni didn't open that door.
Yanni didn't open that window.
Yanni didn't open the windows at all that summer.
Yanni didn't order anything from the menu.
Yanni didn't order anything.
Yanni didn't order this.
Yanni didn't panic.
Yanni didn't park.
Yanni didn't pay any attention to that man.
Yanni didn't pay attention.
Yanni didn't pay that too much mind.
Yanni didn't pay the electric bill.
Yanni didn't pay too much attention to that.
Yanni didn't plan to kill Skura.
Yanni didn't pray at all.
Yanni didn't put anything in his shopping basket.
Yanni didn't read manga.
Yanni didn't realize how injured he was.
Yanni didn't realize that Skura was actually Nuja.
Yanni didn't realize that he was calling the wrong person.
Yanni didn't realized he failed the driving test.
Yanni didn't really care.
Yanni didn't really expect Skura to talk to him.
Yanni didn't really have a personality.
Yanni didn't really listen.
Yanni didn't really mean it.
Yanni didn't really speak much.
Yanni didn't really talk much about Islam.
Yanni didn't really talk to Skura much.
Yanni didn't really understand why.
Yanni didn't really want to talk to Skura.
Yanni didn't recognize Skura's number at first.
Yanni didn't recognize the song.
Yanni didn't remember Skura's address.
Yanni didn't remember what Rima said.
Yanni didn't respond to Skura's text right away.
Yanni didn't respond to that.
Yanni didn't respond.
Yanni didn't return Skura's phone call.
Yanni didn't run.
Yanni didn't say a word in reply.
Yanni didn't say a word the entire time he was on the bus.
Yanni didn't say anything about that.
Yanni didn't say anything to that person.
Yanni didn't say anything.
Yanni didn't say he didn't like Skura.
Yanni didn't see Skura on Thursday.
Yanni didn't see Skura shoot the gun.
Yanni didn't see Skura's knife.
Yanni didn't see anybody he knew at the party.
Yanni didn't see anything at first.
Yanni didn't see anything.
Yanni didn't see exactly what was going on.
Yanni didn't see that woman.
Yanni didn't see the shooter.
Yanni didn't seem high or drunk.
Yanni didn't seem to care.
Yanni didn't seem to have a moral compass.
Yanni didn't seem very smart at all.
Yanni didn't shed any lights on where Skura had gone.
Yanni didn't show up on time.
Yanni didn't shut the door.
Yanni didn't sit down.
Yanni didn't sleep for about four days.
Yanni didn't sleep last night.
Yanni didn't sneeze.
Yanni didn't speak any Berber whatsoever.
Yanni didn't speak any Berber.
Yanni didn't speak in Berber.
Yanni didn't speak much Berber.
Yanni didn't start the engine.
Yanni didn't stop again.
Yanni didn't take Skura's advice.
Yanni didn't take Skura's threats seriously.
Yanni didn't take that seriously.
Yanni didn't take that well.
Yanni didn't talk about his father's misfortune.
Yanni didn't talk about it.
Yanni didn't talk about that.
Yanni didn't talk to Skura for more than four days.
Yanni didn't talk to Skura.
Yanni didn't talk to me.
Yanni didn't teach Rima to read.
Yanni didn't teach us anything.
Yanni didn't tell Skura that.
Yanni didn't think anything about that.
Yanni didn't think anything of it.
Yanni didn't think too much about it.
Yanni didn't think too much of it.
Yanni didn't think twice about moving to Algiers.
Yanni didn't threaten anyone.
Yanni didn't touch anything.
Yanni didn't touch the beer.
Yanni didn't touch the food.
Yanni didn't trust Skura.
Yanni didn't try to do anything.
Yanni didn't turn around.
Yanni didn't understand at first.
Yanni didn't understand my Kabyle accent.
Yanni didn't understand why Skura was being so frantic.
Yanni didn't unlock the door for Skura.
Yanni didn't use a flashlight.
Yanni didn't utter a word.
Yanni didn't visit his mother.
Yanni didn't wait.
Yanni didn't want Skura to end her life because of him.
Yanni didn't want Skura to get in trouble.
Yanni didn't want Skura to give him any money.
Yanni didn't want Skura to have that money.
Yanni didn't want Skura to see that gun.
Yanni didn't want conflict.
Yanni didn't want his marriage to fall.
Yanni didn't want the cops to take him away from his mother.
Yanni didn't want to answer.
Yanni didn't want to break his family up.
Yanni didn't want to call the police.
Yanni didn't want to continue seeing Rima.
Yanni didn't want to damage his windshield any further.
Yanni didn't want to deal with that.
Yanni didn't want to die inside the shelter.
Yanni didn't want to do it anymore.
Yanni didn't want to do that.
Yanni didn't want to go back out in the rain.
Yanni didn't want to go there.
Yanni didn't want to go to Algeria, but Skura really did.
Yanni didn't want to go to the mosque.
Yanni didn't want to have sex with Skura.
Yanni didn't want to hear the tapes.
Yanni didn't want to hear those things.
Yanni didn't want to look crazy in front of everyone.
Yanni didn't want to look like a fool.
Yanni didn't want to lose more money.
Yanni didn't want to marry a non-Algerian woman.
Yanni didn't want to mention it to his parents.
Yanni didn't want to practice Islam.
Yanni didn't want to put his friends at risks.
Yanni didn't want to ruin his parents' car.
Yanni didn't want to take any chances.
Yanni didn't want to take the shot.
Yanni didn't want to talk to Skura.
Yanni didn't want to undermine Skura's Islamic faith.
Yanni didn't want to wake up his parents.
Yanni didn't watch the video to the end.
Yanni didn't wear his boots.
Yanni didn't wear suits.
Yanni didn't win.
Yanni didn't work.
Yanni died a slow and painful death.
Yanni died at just forty.
Yanni died at the crime scene.
Yanni died before Skura was born.
Yanni died before getting baptized.
Yanni died from flames.
Yanni died from gunfire.
Yanni died from pancreatic cancer.
Yanni died in Algeria.
Yanni died in April.
Yanni died in Skura's arms.
Yanni died in a botched robbery attempt.
Yanni died in a bungled burglary.
Yanni died in a car crash.
Yanni died in a coma.
Yanni died in a hunting accident.
Yanni died in an accident in a store.
Yanni died in custody in 2004.
Yanni died in his van.
Yanni died in southern Algeria.
Yanni died just an hour after consuming the candy.
Yanni died more than once during surgery.
Yanni died of a drug overdose.
Yanni died of asphyxiation.
Yanni died of dehydration.
Yanni died of old age.
Yanni died of overwork.
Yanni died of sepsis.
Yanni died of septic shock.
Yanni died of starvation.
Yanni died on the factory grounds.
Yanni died without male heirs.
Yanni died yesterday.
Yanni died.
Yanni dimmed the light.
Yanni dipped the rag in water.
Yanni directed this episode.
Yanni disabled the secret surveillance system.
Yanni disagreed with Skura.
Yanni disagrees.
Yanni disappeared first.
Yanni disappeared from Skura's life.
Yanni disappeared from his Berber class.
Yanni disappeared from the race.
Yanni disappeared in Canada.
Yanni disappeared into obscurity.
Yanni disappeared into thin air.
Yanni disappeared off the radar.
Yanni disappeared without a trace.
Yanni disappeared without a word yesterday.
Yanni disappeared.
Yanni disappointed Skura.
Yanni disconnected the charger.
Yanni discouraged Skura to do that.
Yanni discovered Skura's affair.
Yanni discovered Skura's frightening past.
Yanni discovered an old photo album in the attic.
Yanni discovered another old photo album.
Yanni discovered that Rima was trying to find information about him.
Yanni discovered that Skura was back on drugs.
Yanni discovered that his mother was planning to cut him out of the will.
Yanni discovered the front door open.
Yanni discovered what seemed to be a decapitated body of a male.
Yanni disgraced his family.
Yanni disinherited his daughter.
Yanni disposes of his oil filters responsibly.
Yanni disrespected Skura.
Yanni distanced himself from Skura.
Yanni distanced himself from the Internet.
Yanni distracted Skura.
Yanni divorced Skura.
Yanni divulged the truth.
Yanni does a highly intelligent job.
Yanni does anything his mother asks.
Yanni does believe in something but he says it's not God.
Yanni does drugs.
Yanni does everything that he can to support Skura.
Yanni does have his goals.
Yanni does horrendously dangerous jobs.
Yanni does it, too.
Yanni does like Skura.
Yanni does live in a basement.
Yanni does love Rima but he wants to end his affair with her.
Yanni does not share Skura's excitement.
Yanni does romantic things with Skura.
Yanni does that all the time.
Yanni does that sometimes.
Yanni does that, too.
Yanni does that.
Yanni does this all the time.
Yanni does this effortlessly.
Yanni does this every night.
Yanni does this thing all the time.
Yanni does understand that.
Yanni does videos every week.
Yanni doesn't accept criticism.
Yanni doesn't always agree with Rima.
Yanni doesn't always see eye to eye with Rima.
Yanni doesn't ask for money in return.
Yanni doesn't believe Skura.
Yanni doesn't believe in paranormal things.
Yanni doesn't believe it.
Yanni doesn't bowl correctly.
Yanni doesn't buy things on credit cards.
Yanni doesn't call that cheating.
Yanni doesn't call that theft.
Yanni doesn't care anymore.
Yanni doesn't care what those depraved sociopaths say about him.
Yanni doesn't celebrate Christmas because he's Muslim.
Yanni doesn't celebrate Yennayer anymore.
Yanni doesn't condone violence.
Yanni doesn't consider Walid and Rima his parents.
Yanni doesn't consider this romantic.
Yanni doesn't date people.
Yanni doesn't date.
Yanni doesn't deal with customers.
Yanni doesn't depict human figures in his paintings.
Yanni doesn't deserve it.
Yanni doesn't deserve to be hit.
Yanni doesn't discuss his personal life with customers.
Yanni doesn't do it.
Yanni doesn't do men.
Yanni doesn't do that.
Yanni doesn't do things like that.
Yanni doesn't do well in confrontations.
Yanni doesn't drink soda.
Yanni doesn't eat anything.
Yanni doesn't eat at all.
Yanni doesn't eat carbs.
Yanni doesn't eat couscous but that's not a reason to hate him.
Yanni doesn't eat couscous.
Yanni doesn't eat potatoes.
Yanni doesn't eat.
Yanni doesn't even believe in God at all.
Yanni doesn't even drink coffee.
Yanni doesn't even flush the toilet.
Yanni doesn't even have an Internet connection.
Yanni doesn't even know Skura's last name.
Yanni doesn't even know Skura's name.
Yanni doesn't even know Skura.
Yanni doesn't even know how Skura is related to him.
Yanni doesn't even know how to change a light bulb.
Yanni doesn't even know how to use that tool.
Yanni doesn't even know what Skura looks like.
Yanni doesn't even know what he would google to find information about this.
Yanni doesn't even know what the Quran is.
Yanni doesn't even know what's causing this.
Yanni doesn't even know why he was scared.
Yanni doesn't even know why.
Yanni doesn't even live in Algeria.
Yanni doesn't even remember Skura's name.
Yanni doesn't even remember his name.
Yanni doesn't even want to be a doctor.
Yanni doesn't fast at all.
Yanni doesn't fast during Ramadan.
Yanni doesn't feel comfortable driving in Algiers.
Yanni doesn't feel needed.
Yanni doesn't feel sorry for himself at all.
Yanni doesn't feel that way.
Yanni doesn't feel well.
Yanni doesn't find Skura attractive.
Yanni doesn't find that funny.
Yanni doesn't get on with his wife.
Yanni doesn't give any discounts.
Yanni doesn't go to places like the Botanical Garden.
Yanni doesn't go to school full time.
Yanni doesn't go to the mosque regularly.
Yanni doesn't have a badge, but he has something cops don't have. He spent forty years studying serial killers and trying to understand how their minds work.
Yanni doesn't have a car.
Yanni doesn't have a choice.
Yanni doesn't have a clue about why his sister would do that.
Yanni doesn't have a family anymore.
Yanni doesn't have a girlfriend.
Yanni doesn't have a good relationship with his family.
Yanni doesn't have a gun.
Yanni doesn't have a large number of goats.
Yanni doesn't have a logical explanation for this.
Yanni doesn't have a picture of his cat.
Yanni doesn't have a roommate.
Yanni doesn't have air conditioning in his apartment.
Yanni doesn't have an answer.
Yanni doesn't have an office spouse.
Yanni doesn't have any friends.
Yanni doesn't have any issues.
Yanni doesn't have any money.
Yanni doesn't have any spare time.
Yanni doesn't have any visible scar on his face.
Yanni doesn't have anyone to talk to.
Yanni doesn't have anything against Muslims.
Yanni doesn't have cable.
Yanni doesn't have enough food.
Yanni doesn't have enough resin to fix all these windshield chips.
Yanni doesn't have feelings for Rima.
Yanni doesn't have his memory fully back.
Yanni doesn't have kids.
Yanni doesn't have many goats.
Yanni doesn't have much time.
Yanni doesn't have permission to be in that house.
Yanni doesn't have roommates.
Yanni doesn't have safety equipment.
Yanni doesn't have someone to cook for him.
Yanni doesn't have that.
Yanni doesn't have the tools to fix the water heater.
Yanni doesn't have those answers.
Yanni doesn't have time for fun.
Yanni doesn't have time to date.
Yanni doesn't have time to waste with that.
Yanni doesn't have time.
Yanni doesn't have to add oil.
Yanni doesn't have to ask for Skura's permission.
Yanni doesn't have to buy a new windshield.
Yanni doesn't have to explain this.
Yanni doesn't have to fast.
Yanni doesn't have to listen to this music.
Yanni doesn't have to listen to this.
Yanni doesn't have to live in hell. He should divorce Skura and have a fresh start in life.
Yanni doesn't have to move.
Yanni doesn't have to pay tax in Algeria.
Yanni doesn't have to tell Skura that.
Yanni doesn't have to tighten the screws too much.
Yanni doesn't have to worry about money.
Yanni doesn't joke about this.
Yanni doesn't joke.
Yanni doesn't know Algiers well.
Yanni doesn't know Rima by name.
Yanni doesn't know Rima.
Yanni doesn't know Skura that well.
Yanni doesn't know Skura's family.
Yanni doesn't know Skura's full name.
Yanni doesn't know Skura's name.
Yanni doesn't know about Rima's paintings.
Yanni doesn't know about Rima's past misdeeds.
Yanni doesn't know about Rima.
Yanni doesn't know about that.
Yanni doesn't know all of Skura's secrets.
Yanni doesn't know anyone in Algiers.
Yanni doesn't know anything about Algeria.
Yanni doesn't know anything about Islam.
Yanni doesn't know anything about cars.
Yanni doesn't know anything about female anatomy.
Yanni doesn't know anything about fixing windshield.
Yanni doesn't know anything about his son.
Yanni doesn't know anything about how to take care of a cat.
Yanni doesn't know anything.
Yanni doesn't know as much as he should about Islam.
Yanni doesn't know fashion.
Yanni doesn't know his boundaries.
Yanni doesn't know how long Skura will be gone.
Yanni doesn't know how long he will be in Japan.
Yanni doesn't know how much Skura likes him.
Yanni doesn't know how to celebrate Christmas.
Yanni doesn't know how to change gears.
Yanni doesn't know how to control his anger.
Yanni doesn't know how to control his temper.
Yanni doesn't know how to describe it.
Yanni doesn't know how to describe that.
Yanni doesn't know how to drive.
Yanni doesn't know how to get past Rima's affair.
Yanni doesn't know how to use the clutch.
Yanni doesn't know how to use the pedals.
Yanni doesn't know if he's going to make it.
Yanni doesn't know much about cars.
Yanni doesn't know that man.
Yanni doesn't know that yet.
Yanni doesn't know that.
Yanni doesn't know the exact year but says that it took place in the 1940s.
Yanni doesn't know the first thing about Berber linguistics.
Yanni doesn't know them very well.
Yanni doesn't know this area of Algeria.
Yanni doesn't know what Rima is talking about.
Yanni doesn't know what Skura had done to Ziri.
Yanni doesn't know what Skura had done to him.
Yanni doesn't know what Skura has in store for him.
Yanni doesn't know what Skura is going through.
Yanni doesn't know what Skura is looking at.
Yanni doesn't know what Skura is reading.
Yanni doesn't know what Skura is talking about.
Yanni doesn't know what Skura would have done.
Yanni doesn't know what else to say.
Yanni doesn't know what happened last night.
Yanni doesn't know what happened to Skura.
Yanni doesn't know what happened.
Yanni doesn't know what it is.
Yanni doesn't know what love looks like.
Yanni doesn't know what that was to this day.
Yanni doesn't know what this is.
Yanni doesn't know what this means.
Yanni doesn't know what to do.
Yanni doesn't know what today is.
Yanni doesn't know what's going on.
Yanni doesn't know what's happening anymore.
Yanni doesn't know where to go from here.
Yanni doesn't know where to go right now.
Yanni doesn't know who Skura is.
Yanni doesn't know who Ziri is or where he came from.
Yanni doesn't know who he is.
Yanni doesn't know who he saw first.
Yanni doesn't know who stole his phone.
Yanni doesn't know who that man was.
Yanni doesn't know who took his phone.
Yanni doesn't know who you are.
Yanni doesn't know why Skura decided to do that.
Yanni doesn't know why Skura left.
Yanni doesn't know why Skura looks like that.
Yanni doesn't know why he failed his driving test.
Yanni doesn't know why his girlfriend is avoiding him.
Yanni doesn't know why.
Yanni doesn't like Skura's ways of teaching.
Yanni doesn't like Skura.
Yanni doesn't like Tebboune's leadership style.
Yanni doesn't like carrying coins.
Yanni doesn't like cats and they don't like him either.
Yanni doesn't like cats one bit.
Yanni doesn't like construction.
Yanni doesn't like eggs.
Yanni doesn't like it.
Yanni doesn't like physical violence.
Yanni doesn't like showing that.
Yanni doesn't like squishy figs.
Yanni doesn't like the weather in Algeria.
Yanni doesn't like this book.
Yanni doesn't like to gaze at strangers.
Yanni doesn't listen to Berber music.
Yanni doesn't listen to Skura.
Yanni doesn't live in Algiers anymore.
Yanni doesn't live in a dead-end neighborhood.
Yanni doesn't live in this neighborhood.
Yanni doesn't live there.
Yanni doesn't live with Skura.
Yanni doesn't look Algerian at all.
Yanni doesn't love Skura anymore.
Yanni doesn't maintain any opposite-sex friendship.
Yanni doesn't mess with that.
Yanni doesn't mind doing that.
Yanni doesn't mind.
Yanni doesn't need Skura's help.
Yanni doesn't need Skura's money.
Yanni doesn't need Skura's permission.
Yanni doesn't need Skura's validation.
Yanni doesn't need a ride from Skura.
Yanni doesn't need an introduction for Rima. She is his ex-wife.
Yanni doesn't need anybody.
Yanni doesn't need anything else.
Yanni doesn't need so much time to learn Berber.
Yanni doesn't need special equipment to fix the chips in his windshield.
Yanni doesn't need that friend.
Yanni doesn't need to be a rocket scientist to change a light bulb.
Yanni doesn't need to do that.
Yanni doesn't need to reuse this repair kit.
Yanni doesn't need to say what he felt about that.
Yanni doesn't need to speak Berber.
Yanni doesn't need to tell me that.
Yanni doesn't need to understand Berber to know that he's definitely not welcome there.
Yanni doesn't need to wait.
Yanni doesn't need validation from other people.
Yanni doesn't order pizza from Skura's shop anymore.
Yanni doesn't pick up hitchhikers.
Yanni doesn't reach to others.
Yanni doesn't realize he's not getting a penny from Skura.
Yanni doesn't realize how fortunate he is.
Yanni doesn't realize how much he means to his family.
Yanni doesn't really have much to talk about.
Yanni doesn't really know what challenges he's going to face.
Yanni doesn't really know what this is about.
Yanni doesn't really know what to expect.
Yanni doesn't really like cats.
Yanni doesn't really listen to Berber music.
Yanni doesn't really realize how well it works.
Yanni doesn't really remember the accident.
Yanni doesn't really remember what happened after.
Yanni doesn't really want to be friends with Skura.
Yanni doesn't really wants to discuss that.
Yanni doesn't remember Skura.
Yanni doesn't remember any details.
Yanni doesn't remember any of this.
Yanni doesn't remember anything after this point.
Yanni doesn't remember in what order it happened exactly.
Yanni doesn't remember that.
Yanni doesn't remember the accident.
Yanni doesn't remember the incident.
Yanni doesn't respect Rima anymore.
Yanni doesn't respect Skura's wishes.
Yanni doesn't respect himself.
Yanni doesn't reveal too much about his personal life.
Yanni doesn't scare easily.
Yanni doesn't see it.
Yanni doesn't see life the same way Skura does.
Yanni doesn't see marriage the way Rima sees it.
Yanni doesn't see the wire.
Yanni doesn't seem to care.
Yanni doesn't share Skura's elation.
Yanni doesn't share Skura's excitement.
Yanni doesn't sleep in class that often.
Yanni doesn't smoke.
Yanni doesn't speak Berber very well.
Yanni doesn't speak German but he understands a good amount of it.
Yanni doesn't speak any Berber.
Yanni doesn't speak the language of love.
Yanni doesn't talk to Rima.
Yanni doesn't talk to strangers.
Yanni doesn't think Rima could have an affair with someone else.
Yanni doesn't think Rima could have an emotional affair with someone else.
Yanni doesn't think that that woman had any sort of ill intent.
Yanni doesn't think there's life on Mars.
Yanni doesn't think this would happen.
Yanni doesn't trust anyone.
Yanni doesn't trust babysitters.
Yanni doesn't trust cats.
Yanni doesn't trust his wife anymore.
Yanni doesn't try to hide anything from Skura.
Yanni doesn't try to impress Skura.
Yanni doesn't understand Islam.
Yanni doesn't understand Rima.
Yanni doesn't understand Skura's feelings.
Yanni doesn't understand a word of Berber.
Yanni doesn't understand it but Skura does.
Yanni doesn't understand it.
Yanni doesn't understand.
Yanni doesn't use any social media platform.
Yanni doesn't use body wash.
Yanni doesn't use fluorescent tubes.
Yanni doesn't usually go to Algeria, not because he doesn't want to, but because of his pets. There's nobody to look after them when he's absent.
Yanni doesn't usually go to Algeria.
Yanni doesn't visit Skura anymore.
Yanni doesn't want Rima to feel uncomfortable around Ziri.
Yanni doesn't want Skura anywhere near him.
Yanni doesn't want Skura driving.
Yanni doesn't want Skura in here.
Yanni doesn't want Skura to be around anymore.
Yanni doesn't want Skura's permission.
Yanni doesn't want a construction job.
Yanni doesn't want a divorce because he wants to avoid paying child support.
Yanni doesn't want any of that.
Yanni doesn't want anything to do with religion.
Yanni doesn't want anything.
Yanni doesn't want his children to be following in his footsteps.
Yanni doesn't want his father to spend money on Skura.
Yanni doesn't want that kind of relationship.
Yanni doesn't want that.
Yanni doesn't want the house.
Yanni doesn't want things to be messy.
Yanni doesn't want this.
Yanni doesn't want to be Muslim.
Yanni doesn't want to be around Rima.
Yanni doesn't want to be around Skura anymore.
Yanni doesn't want to be blind.
Yanni doesn't want to be here anymore.
Yanni doesn't want to be in a relationship with Skura.
Yanni doesn't want to be sent to prison.
Yanni doesn't want to be separated from his mother.
Yanni doesn't want to be stuck in a wheelchair.
Yanni doesn't want to believe that.
Yanni doesn't want to buy Skura out.
Yanni doesn't want to buy anything.
Yanni doesn't want to cause anyone to panic.
Yanni doesn't want to change the shape or the look of his nose.
Yanni doesn't want to change.
Yanni doesn't want to cheat on Skura.
Yanni doesn't want to come live with Rima.
Yanni doesn't want to complicate Skura's life.
Yanni doesn't want to deal with this.
Yanni doesn't want to die.
Yanni doesn't want to do anything with Skura.
Yanni doesn't want to do anything.
Yanni doesn't want to do something he'll regret.
Yanni doesn't want to do this.
Yanni doesn't want to drive.
Yanni doesn't want to eat cake.
Yanni doesn't want to explain himself anymore.
Yanni doesn't want to fail his driving test.
Yanni doesn't want to force himself to do things he doesn't want to do.
Yanni doesn't want to get baptized.
Yanni doesn't want to get involved.
Yanni doesn't want to go in that place.
Yanni doesn't want to have Skura that close to him.
Yanni doesn't want to have anything to do with this.
Yanni doesn't want to involve his kids in his problems with his wife.
Yanni doesn't want to judge Rima.
Yanni doesn't want to kiss Rima.
Yanni doesn't want to learn Berber.
Yanni doesn't want to leave Skura.
Yanni doesn't want to leave.
Yanni doesn't want to lose face.
Yanni doesn't want to lose his fitness.
Yanni doesn't want to make Skura angry.
Yanni doesn't want to make a mess.
Yanni doesn't want to make the windshield crack even worse.
Yanni doesn't want to marry Skura.
Yanni doesn't want to meet that guy again.
Yanni doesn't want to mess with that man.
Yanni doesn't want to miss the meeting.
Yanni doesn't want to open his car windows because he's trying to maintain the heat in there.
Yanni doesn't want to open those doors.
Yanni doesn't want to pack all his stuff up just to unpack a few more minutes later.
Yanni doesn't want to play games anymore.
Yanni doesn't want to ring the doorbell.
Yanni doesn't want to risk being unpopular on YouTube.
Yanni doesn't want to run into Skura.
Yanni doesn't want to see Skura again.
Yanni doesn't want to see Skura get hurt.
Yanni doesn't want to see Skura.
Yanni doesn't want to see his family.
Yanni doesn't want to see that.
Yanni doesn't want to share this with Rima.
Yanni doesn't want to study Berber anymore.
Yanni doesn't want to take Rima back.
Yanni doesn't want to talk to Skura.
Yanni doesn't want to teach Berber again.
Yanni doesn't want to teach Berber anymore.
Yanni doesn't want to tell Skura.
Yanni doesn't want to think of that way.
Yanni doesn't want to touch Skura.
Yanni doesn't want to travel with Skura anymore.
Yanni doesn't want to use a back brace.
Yanni doesn't want to use that cloth again.
Yanni doesn't want to wake up the neighbors.
Yanni doesn't want to waste his time anymore.
Yanni doesn't want to waste his time.
Yanni doesn't wash his hands.
Yanni doesn't wear a back brace often.
Yanni doesn't wear his back brace all the time.
Yanni doesn't work in Algiers anymore.
Yanni doesn't work late anymore.
Yanni doesn't work overnights anymore.
Yanni doesn't work.
Yanni doesn't worry about that.
Yanni doesn't worry.
Yanni doggedly continues to chase his dream.
Yanni donated forty dollars to the mosque.
Yanni donated those books to the mosque library.
Yanni doubts himself.
Yanni doubts his abilities.
Yanni dove into Rima's diary.
Yanni downloaded the app.
Yanni dozed off in front of the TV.
Yanni dozed off on the couch.
Yanni dragged to the side of the road.
Yanni drained his family finances in order to fuel his drug habit.
Yanni drained the battery.
Yanni drained the last of his bank accounts.
Yanni drank a few beers.
Yanni drank a glass of wine.
Yanni drank a shot of scotch.
Yanni drank a ton of water before he went to bed.
Yanni drank absinth.
Yanni drank beer.
Yanni drank champagne.
Yanni drank coffee.
Yanni drank some juice.
Yanni drank spoiled milk.
Yanni drank too much olive oil.
Yanni drank too much.
Yanni drank wine.
Yanni drank.
Yanni drastically changed his work schedule.
Yanni dreads the pandemonium that comes with moving.
Yanni dreamed of backpacking around Algeria.
Yanni dreams of a better life without his mother.
Yanni dressed in rags.
Yanni dressed up as Superman.
Yanni dressed up for a Halloween party.
Yanni dressed up for a date.
Yanni dresses in a Gothic fashion.
Yanni drew a picture of Algiers.
Yanni drew a sketch of Algiers.
Yanni drew all of his artistic inspiration from Rima.
Yanni drew nude women in his books.
Yanni dried his hands with a clean towel.
Yanni dried his hands with a single-use towel.
Yanni dried the dishes.
Yanni drifted away from reality.
Yanni drifted into depression.
Yanni drilled a hole in his windshield.
Yanni drilled the windshield shallow.
Yanni drinks a lot.
Yanni drinks alcohol.
Yanni drinks coffee every morning.
Yanni drinks coffee.
Yanni drinks too much.
Yanni drinks whisky.
Yanni drives Skura's car hard.
Yanni drives a massive truck.
Yanni drives a pickup.
Yanni drives a silver beat-up truck.
Yanni drives his flocks for miles across the open pastures.
Yanni drives in the carpool lane.
Yanni drives in the fast lane.
Yanni drives in the middle like.
Yanni drives like his dad.
Yanni drives really fast.
Yanni drives this road every day.
Yanni dropped Skura a few streets down.
Yanni dropped Skura at the nearest airport.
Yanni dropped Skura off at her parents' place.
Yanni dropped Skura off at school.
Yanni dropped Skura off at that town's gas station.
Yanni dropped Skura off.
Yanni dropped a light bulb in the bathroom.
Yanni dropped by for a visit and found Skura's house in shambles.
Yanni dropped his flashlight.
Yanni dropped his lawsuit.
Yanni dropped his suit.
Yanni dropped off the pizza and got paid for it.
Yanni dropped out of Skura's life.
Yanni dropped out of college.
Yanni dropped the PC off at the repair shop.
Yanni dropped the baby off at his mother's house.
Yanni dropped the cigarette.
Yanni dropped the dish he was holding.
Yanni dropped the glass.
Yanni dropped the keys inside the truck.
Yanni dropped the light bulb.
Yanni dropped the phone.
Yanni dropped the subject.
Yanni drove Rima back to her apartment.
Yanni drove Skura crazy.
Yanni drove Skura home from the hospital.
Yanni drove Skura to the nearest town.
Yanni drove Skura's van.
Yanni drove a thousand miles across Algeria.
Yanni drove a white van with no windows.
Yanni drove all day long.
Yanni drove all the way to his sister's house in Algiers.
Yanni drove away as quickly as he could.
Yanni drove away casually.
Yanni drove away very fast.
Yanni drove away with Skura's purse.
Yanni drove back to Algiers.
Yanni drove before.
Yanni drove by Skura's house all the time.
Yanni drove for four hours.
Yanni drove for four weeks.
Yanni drove from Algeria to Egypt.
Yanni drove from Algiers to Bejaia in four hours.
Yanni drove from Bejaia to Algiers.
Yanni drove from Texas to commit a murder in Tennessee, so this created a federal jurisdiction.
Yanni drove further east to the Algerian border.
Yanni drove himself home.
Yanni drove his car into the sunshine to let the resin he used to fix his windshield cure.
Yanni drove his car out into the sunlight for the resin to cure.
Yanni drove his car up onto the sidewalk.
Yanni drove his vehicle up onto the curb.
Yanni drove home to Algiers.
Yanni drove home.
Yanni drove in the dark.
Yanni drove into Algiers.
Yanni drove into the city.
Yanni drove into the town.
Yanni drove nonstop from Bejaia to Algiers.
Yanni drove off.
Yanni drove on a dirt road.
Yanni drove on the highway.
Yanni drove out of there.
Yanni drove out to his grandmother's house.
Yanni drove over a hill.
Yanni drove past Skura.
Yanni drove past that mosque.
Yanni drove past those guys.
Yanni drove past us.
Yanni drove quite well.
Yanni drove straight home.
Yanni drove straight to the roundabout.
Yanni drove straight.
Yanni drove the truck to Rima's place.
Yanni drove the van to Algiers.
Yanni drove through the bridge.
Yanni drove through the corn fields.
Yanni drove to Algeria.
Yanni drove to Algiers and killed Skura.
Yanni drove to Algiers for a work-related trip.
Yanni drove to Algiers.
Yanni drove to Jijel, Bejaia, Tizi-Ouzou, Boumerdes, and finally Algiers.
Yanni drove to a car renting place in Algeria.
Yanni drove to a safe place.
Yanni drove to that location.
Yanni drove to the hotel.
Yanni drove to the mosque.
Yanni drove to the police station.
Yanni drove until dawn.
Yanni drowned.
Yanni drugged his wife and sexually assaulted her.
Yanni dug a pit in the sand.
Yanni dug for five to ten minutes.
Yanni dug throw fourteen inches of concrete.
Yanni dug underground and found June beetle grubs.
Yanni dumped Skura's body.
Yanni earled a degree from the Algiers university.
Yanni earned a bounty for his work.
Yanni earned many merit badges when he was in the scouts.
Yanni earned that money cutting yards.
Yanni earned that money.
Yanni eats a lot.
Yanni eats dates every day.
Yanni eats everything with fries, including pizza.
Yanni eats everything with fries.
Yanni eats everything.
Yanni eats figs right off the tree.
Yanni eats fries every day.
Yanni eats ripe figs.
Yanni eats snails.
Yanni eats these cheap muffins.
Yanni eats tons of figs.
Yanni eats too much.
Yanni eats two dates per day.
Yanni embarrassed his parents in front of all those people.
Yanni embodies Skura's failure.
Yanni embraced Islam.
Yanni emerged from the trees.
Yanni emptied three quarters of the resin tube into the windshield bullseye.
Yanni encountered a curious item in Rima's closet.
Yanni encountered a problem.
Yanni encountered many problems.
Yanni encouraged Rima to move to Algiers.
Yanni encouraged Skura and Ziri's relationship.
Yanni encouraged Skura to fast for Ramadan.
Yanni encouraged Skura to find purpose in her life.
Yanni ended all that partying and prepared for fatherhood.
Yanni ended his own life.
Yanni ended his relationship with Rima.
Yanni ended in jail not for murder but for domestic violence.
Yanni ended up agreeing to go to that party.
Yanni ended up at a retirement home.
Yanni ended up at the same spot.
Yanni ended up breaking a bone.
Yanni ended up buying a Quran from a bookstore.
Yanni ended up calling the police.
Yanni ended up changing his policy.
Yanni ended up eating enough for two.
Yanni ended up getting fired for multiple reasons.
Yanni ended up getting fourth place.
Yanni ended up going to a sleep clinic.
Yanni ended up in Algiers.
Yanni ended up in the Sahara Desert.
Yanni ended up in the countryside outside of his city.
Yanni ended up like all the other kids.
Yanni ended up living in really terrible conditions.
Yanni ended up meeting a woman that came from Algeria.
Yanni ended up moving out of that house.
Yanni ended up saying too much.
Yanni ended up signing to the University of Montana.
Yanni ended up sleeping in the car.
Yanni ended up with a life sentence in prison.
Yanni endured torture.
Yanni engaged in a deeply emotional relationship with Rima.
Yanni enjoyed Algeria.
Yanni enjoyed Algerian beaches and food.
Yanni enjoyed Algiers.
Yanni enjoyed Skura's video.
Yanni enjoyed Skura's videos.
Yanni enjoyed a simple life in the woods.
Yanni enjoyed fantasy movies.
Yanni enjoyed feeling like he was needed.
Yanni enjoyed his day at the circus.
Yanni enjoyed his trip to Japan.
Yanni enjoyed his vacation in Algeria.
Yanni enjoyed listening to stories about life in Algeria.
Yanni enjoyed playing basketball.
Yanni enjoyed that documentary about Algeria.
Yanni enjoyed the movie.
Yanni enjoyed the show.
Yanni enjoyed the video.
Yanni enjoyed visiting Algeria.
Yanni enjoyed watching that episode.
Yanni enjoys Kabyle music.
Yanni enjoys everything about Skura.
Yanni enjoys fasting during Ramadan.
Yanni enjoys fig jam.
Yanni enjoys learning how to drive with Skura.
Yanni enjoys milking his goats.
Yanni enjoys picking fights with Rima.
Yanni enjoys reading Islamic books.
Yanni enjoys sleeping here.
Yanni enjoys speaking Yiddish with Rabbi Dovid Weiss.
Yanni enjoys teaching driving to Skura.
Yanni enjoys those deeply personal moments.
Yanni enjoys visiting Algiers.
Yanni enjoys watching videos about Algeria.
Yanni enlisted in the Algerian army in 2004.
Yanni enriched his marriage.
Yanni enrolled in his father's school.
Yanni entered Algiers' criminal underbelly.
Yanni entered the bathroom.
Yanni entered the forest.
Yanni entered the freeway.
Yanni entered the garage.
Yanni entered the highway.
Yanni entered the house cautiously.
Yanni entered the house.
Yanni entered the kitchen.
Yanni entered the mosque and Ziri followed him in there.
Yanni entered the mosque library.
Yanni entered the mosque.
Yanni entered the picture.
Yanni entered the room and there was all that Berber decoration.
Yanni entered the room.
Yanni entered the trailer.
Yanni escaped across the park.
Yanni escaped capture dressed as a woman.
Yanni escaped into the night.
Yanni escorted Skura off his property.
Yanni escorted that customer out.
Yanni established a new bond with Rima.
Yanni even used his ill-gotten gains to buy medication for an orphanage.
Yanni even went so far as to organize an exhibition in North Korea.
Yanni eventually did that.
Yanni eventually disappeared.
Yanni eventually gave up.
Yanni eventually got used to it.
Yanni eventually met someone else in Algeria and they ended up falling in love.
Yanni excelled in everything academic.
Yanni excused himself and left.
Yanni excused himself to the restroom to do his business.
Yanni excused himself to use the restroom.
Yanni excused himself.
Yanni exhaled a sigh of relief.
Yanni exhaled.
Yanni exhibited his works in Algiers.
Yanni exited his car.
Yanni exited the classroom.
Yanni exited the highway.
Yanni exited the mall at four.
Yanni exited the room.
Yanni exited the shower.
Yanni exited the store.
Yanni exited through the back door.
Yanni expected Skura to do everything perfectly.
Yanni expected Skura to fulfill her work.
Yanni expects a lot from Skura.
Yanni expects everybody to be just like him.
Yanni experienced rejection as a teenager.
Yanni experienced separation anxiety.
Yanni experienced some sort of trauma early in his childhood.
Yanni experienced trauma in his early childhood.
Yanni explained Islam to Skura.
Yanni explained all that.
Yanni explained his plan to Skura.
Yanni explained his situation.
Yanni explained that he didn't have a phone at that time.
Yanni explained that to Skura.
Yanni explained the issue that he was having with his computer.
Yanni explained the painting to Rima.
Yanni explained the situation.
Yanni explained to the police everything that had happened the night before.
Yanni explained what happened to his manager.
Yanni exploded his heart with a shotgun.
Yanni exploited Skura's needs.
Yanni explored Rima's house.
Yanni explored Skura's website.
Yanni explored Tokyo.
Yanni explored the abandoned house.
Yanni explored the campus.
Yanni explored the old mosque.
Yanni exports goods from Algeria.
Yanni exposed his children to Islam.
Yanni expressed himself through drawing.
Yanni expressed his support for Algeria.
Yanni extended his hand to shake Skura's.
Yanni faced Rima.
Yanni faced charges of assault on a peaceful officer.
Yanni failed again.
Yanni failed another driving test.
Yanni failed for the fourth time.
Yanni failed his driving test at the beginning.
Yanni failed his driving test multiple times.
Yanni failed his drug test.
Yanni failed his first driving test.
Yanni failed his fourth driving test.
Yanni failed the fourth and the fifth driving tests.
Yanni failed the fourth driving test.
Yanni failed the fourth test.
Yanni failed the test again.
Yanni failed the test.
Yanni failed to graduate.
Yanni failed to live up to Skura's expectations.
Yanni failed to show up to work.
Yanni failed.
Yanni fancied himself a doctor.
Yanni fantasized about having sex with Skura.
Yanni fantasized about robbing a bank down to the last detail.
Yanni fasted for Ramadan.
Yanni fasted for the holy month of Ramadan.
Yanni fasted for the month of Ramadan.
Yanni fasted for the whole month of Ramadan.
Yanni fasted four days for Ramadan.
Yanni fasted his fourth day of Ramadan.
Yanni fasted with Skura.
Yanni fasts during the month of Ramadan.
Yanni fasts for Ramadan.
Yanni fathered a boy with another woman.
Yanni feared for his life.
Yanni feared that Skura was suicidal.
Yanni fed Rima's puppy.
Yanni fed his guinea pig.
Yanni fed the animals.
Yanni fed the snails in his garden.
Yanni feels a huge connection with Algeria.
Yanni feels a little bit more secure.
Yanni feels attracted to Skura.
Yanni feels better now.
Yanni feels better.
Yanni feels fine.
Yanni feels good.
Yanni feels happier in Algiers.
Yanni feels he's in control of his life.
Yanni feels home.
Yanni feels it.
Yanni feels jet lagged.
Yanni feels like he owes Skura his life.
Yanni feels more comfortable now.
Yanni feels much better now.
Yanni feels pretty safe in Algiers.
Yanni feels really sad.
Yanni feels resentful of Rima.
Yanni feels romantic love for Skura.
Yanni feels romantic.
Yanni feels safe in Algiers and he walks the streets at night.
Yanni feels so bad that that happened to Skura.
Yanni feels so much calmer and better.
Yanni feels that.
Yanni feels tired.
Yanni fell a sleep in a history class.
Yanni fell asleep at 4:30 PM.
Yanni fell asleep in the mosque.
Yanni fell asleep on the couch.
Yanni fell asleep quickly.
Yanni fell asleep.
Yanni fell but didn't hit the pavement.
Yanni fell down the steps and hurt his back.
Yanni fell for Skura's charms.
Yanni fell for Skura.
Yanni fell from grace.
Yanni fell in love with Saida Muhametzianova's music.
Yanni fell in love with a young Algerian lady known as Rima.
Yanni fell in love with that Toyota.
Yanni fell in love with that mosque.
Yanni fell in love with the Toyota.
Yanni fell into a depression.
Yanni fell into icy water.
Yanni fell into the lake and drowned.
Yanni fell off a fence.
Yanni fell off his bike.
Yanni fell off the ladder.
Yanni fell off the top of the bus.
Yanni fell off the wagon hard.
Yanni fell off the wagon.
Yanni fell on his back.
Yanni fell on top of Rima.
Yanni fell on top of Skura.
Yanni fell prey to Skura.
Yanni fell.
Yanni felt Skura sitting next to him on the couch.
Yanni felt Skura's eyes were on him.
Yanni felt Skura's gaze hitting him like a brick.
Yanni felt a bit tired.
Yanni felt a bit unprepared for the driving test.
Yanni felt a little bit more secure.
Yanni felt a lot better.
Yanni felt an intense attraction to Skura.
Yanni felt an overwhelming force pulling him into the basement.
Yanni felt at peace with Skura.
Yanni felt attracted to Skura.
Yanni felt bad about it.
Yanni felt bad for Skura.
Yanni felt bad.
Yanni felt badly about Skura's misfortune.
Yanni felt betrayed.
Yanni felt bored.
Yanni felt cheated.
Yanni felt chilled to the bone when he heard that.
Yanni felt completely sideswiped.
Yanni felt confused about how he was attracted to Skura.
Yanni felt depressed.
Yanni felt extremely vulnerable.
Yanni felt fortified.
Yanni felt grateful and indebted to Skura.
Yanni felt gratitude.
Yanni felt he was getting along very well with Skura.
Yanni felt his heart racing.
Yanni felt his whole body shaking.
Yanni felt horrible.
Yanni felt humiliated.
Yanni felt in his heart that Islam is the true religion.
Yanni felt incredibly stupid.
Yanni felt inspired by Rima's determination.
Yanni felt intense anxiety.
Yanni felt intensely on edge.
Yanni felt isolated and alone in his small town in Algeria.
Yanni felt it.
Yanni felt like a rock star.
Yanni felt like he deserved a higher place.
Yanni felt like he was doing a good thing.
Yanni felt like he was in a tunnel.
Yanni felt like his skin was coming undone.
Yanni felt like that, too.
Yanni felt loved.
Yanni felt mentally drained.
Yanni felt more and more nauseous.
Yanni felt more comfortable.
Yanni felt more connected and closer to God.
Yanni felt nauseated.
Yanni felt neglected.
Yanni felt pain.
Yanni felt pretty confident about that.
Yanni felt ready to throw up.
Yanni felt really confident.
Yanni felt really tense.
Yanni felt rejected.
Yanni felt sad every single day.
Yanni felt safe being inside his house.
Yanni felt safer with his grandmother.
Yanni felt sick to his stomach and full of dread.
Yanni felt sick.
Yanni felt some relief.
Yanni felt someone pressing his knees in the back of his seat.
Yanni felt someone watching him.
Yanni felt something hard in the mud.
Yanni felt something smooth in the water.
Yanni felt stressed.
Yanni felt strong.
Yanni felt tempted.
Yanni felt terrible.
Yanni felt that Ziri and Skura were getting on very well.
Yanni felt that he was better prepared.
Yanni felt that he was more prepared.
Yanni felt that intuitively.
Yanni felt that pain.
Yanni felt that, too.
Yanni felt that.
Yanni felt the car becoming lighter.
Yanni felt the energy coming back to him when he ate those first dates.
Yanni felt the need to call Skura.
Yanni felt the need to look around.
Yanni felt the pit of his stomach grow larger.
Yanni felt the urge to look around.
Yanni felt the weight of Skura's gaze on him.
Yanni felt there was something watching him.
Yanni felt this urge to look over that wall.
Yanni felt those things.
Yanni felt threatened.
Yanni felt tired.
Yanni felt uncomfortable in that room.
Yanni felt uncomfortable.
Yanni felt unfulfilled.
Yanni felt unnecessary.
Yanni felt very insulted.
Yanni felt weird physical symptoms.
Yanni fenced in the area.
Yanni figured out how to turn off the engine.
Yanni filed a complaint.
Yanni filed a suit against the bank.
Yanni filed papers to block his brother's inheritance.
Yanni filled the jars up with fig jam.
Yanni filled the oil filter to the top.
Yanni filled up the tank one last time.
Yanni filled up the tank one more time.
Yanni filled up the tank.
Yanni filmed a couple videos about that.
Yanni filmed a driving video.
Yanni filmed a few videos about depression and anxiety.
Yanni filmed a very long video.
Yanni filmed a video about his goats.
Yanni filmed a video in the store.
Yanni filmed a video to explain why he converted to Islam.
Yanni filmed an interesting video about figs.
Yanni filmed himself driving.
Yanni filmed his first driving video in 2004.
Yanni filmed strange things at that abandoned house.
Yanni filmed the accident.
Yanni filmed the scenic landscapes of northern Japan.
Yanni filmed the scorpion he caught in the basement.
Yanni filmed the video in one run.
Yanni filmed the video today.
Yanni filmed the video.
Yanni finally arrived.
Yanni finally blocked Skura on his phone.
Yanni finally called his brother.
Yanni finally called his cousin.
Yanni finally called his dad.
Yanni finally called his mom.
Yanni finally called his sister.
Yanni finally came to see Skura.
Yanni finally caved and agreed that Skura stay the night.
Yanni finally closed the garage.
Yanni finally discovered what had really happened to Skura.
Yanni finally found someone that he loved and could trust.
Yanni finally hit the jackpot.
Yanni finally knew that Skura was a Muslim.
Yanni finally learned to walk again.
Yanni finally let his anger explode on Skura.
Yanni finally opened up to his family about the baby he had had with Skura.
Yanni finally relented and let Skura in.
Yanni finally revealed the truth about what had happened that night.
Yanni finally saw Skura and his stomach dropped.
Yanni finally spoke to Skura.
Yanni finally threw up.
Yanni finally went to sleep.
Yanni find Algerian girls attractive.
Yanni finds Algiers so frigging cool.
Yanni finds Islam interesting.
Yanni finds Islam very interesting.
Yanni finds Ramadan very difficult.
Yanni finds Skura hilarious.
Yanni finds Skura irresistible.
Yanni finds Skura's cooking videos useful.
Yanni finds it hard to look back on this.
Yanni finds it hard to trust people.
Yanni finds pleasure in this.
Yanni finds this behavior unacceptable.
Yanni finds this funny.
Yanni finds this mindboggling.
Yanni finds this quite challenging.
Yanni finger paints with his children.
Yanni finished all the work.
Yanni finished changing the light bulbs.
Yanni finished college.
Yanni finished eating.
Yanni finished his Berber course in college.
Yanni finished his shift.
Yanni finished his shopping.
Yanni finished his studies in Berber.
Yanni finished milking his goat.
Yanni finished paying them.
Yanni finished paying.
Yanni finished reading the Quran.
Yanni finished reading.
Yanni finished school at four.
Yanni finished scraping the resin.
Yanni finished studying.
Yanni finished talking.
Yanni finished university in Algeria.
Yanni finished up eating his food.
Yanni finished work.
Yanni finished.
Yanni finishes at four o'clock.
Yanni fired Skura yesterday.
Yanni fired Skura.
Yanni fired straight across the hallway.
Yanni fixated on Skura.
Yanni fixed Skura a drink.
Yanni fixed Skura's dishwasher.
Yanni fixed Skura's seat.
Yanni fixed his windshield chips with some resin.
Yanni fixed his windshield cracks with resin.
Yanni fixed his windshield himself.
Yanni fixed it.
Yanni fixed the cracked windshield at home.
Yanni fixed the cracked windshield in his garage.
Yanni fixed the cracks in his windshield very quickly.
Yanni fixed the light bulb.
Yanni fixed the light switch.
Yanni fixed the washing machine.
Yanni fixed the windshield crack very quickly.
Yanni fixes washing machines.
Yanni flashed his lights at Skura to pull over.
Yanni flashed his toothless grin.
Yanni fled the scene in a hurry.
Yanni fled to Algeria.
Yanni fled to his car.
Yanni fled.
Yanni flew back to Algeria which he calls home.
Yanni flew back to Algeria.
Yanni flew back to Algiers that evening.
Yanni flew down the stairs.
Yanni flew home to Algeria to be reunited with his wife and kids.
Yanni flew into a rage after Skura told him that.
Yanni flew to Algeria as soon as possible.
Yanni flew to Algeria for a conference.
Yanni flew to Algeria to visit family.
Yanni flew to Algiers, the capital.
Yanni flicked the light on.
Yanni flipped off the lights and got out of there.
Yanni flipped on the light.
Yanni flipped the breakers back on and the lights turned on.
Yanni flips burgers fast.
Yanni flips burgers.
Yanni flirted with Rima.
Yanni flirted with Skura harmlessly.
Yanni flirted with Skura's friend instead.
Yanni flirted with Skura.
Yanni flung open the passenger side door.
Yanni focused on himself.
Yanni focused on learning Berber.
Yanni focused on teaching Berber.
Yanni focused on that event.
Yanni focused on that.
Yanni focused on work.
Yanni focused too much on his business and not on his family.
Yanni focuses on Skura's flaws.
Yanni focuses on speaking Berber.
Yanni folded up his tent.
Yanni followed Rima outside.
Yanni followed Rima there.
Yanni followed Skura around the grocery store.
Yanni followed Skura at her heels.
Yanni followed Skura everywhere she went.
Yanni followed Skura in his car to the bus stop.
Yanni followed Skura into the house.
Yanni followed Skura to her house.
Yanni followed Skura.
Yanni followed at my heels.
Yanni followed that.
Yanni followed the girl to the other side of the store.
Yanni followed the link.
Yanni followed the sound into the living room.
Yanni followed the trail.
Yanni followed them.
Yanni follows Rima on social media.
Yanni follows Skura's rules.
Yanni follows serial killer stories.
Yanni fooled himself into thinking that Skura loved him.
Yanni forbade Skura from seeing Ziri.
Yanni forced Skura back down into the chair.
Yanni forced Skura back.
Yanni forced Skura to pull over.
Yanni forced Skura to the ground.
Yanni forgave Skura.
Yanni forged Skura's signature on Ziri's power of attorney.
Yanni forged Skura's signature.
Yanni forged documents to escape to Algeria.
Yanni forged his father's signature.
Yanni forged his father's will.
Yanni forgot Skura's birthday.
Yanni forgot all about Rima.
Yanni forgot his charger in the basement.
Yanni forgot his telephone.
Yanni forgot that.
Yanni forgot the cheese.
Yanni forgot the figs in his trunk.
Yanni forgot the main reason why he was in Algeria.
Yanni forgot to buy a diet Cola.
Yanni forgot to buy bread.
Yanni forgot to check that.
Yanni forgot to record a video yesterday.
Yanni forgot to sign his name.
Yanni forgot to tell Skura.
Yanni forgot.
Yanni fought Skura.
Yanni fought back aggressively and immediately.
Yanni fought back aggressively.
Yanni fought the gun out of Skura's hands.
Yanni found Algiers strangely familiar.
Yanni found Rima mildly attractive.
Yanni found Rima sitting up in bed.
Yanni found Rima's card on the counter.
Yanni found Rima's phone.
Yanni found Rima's purse in the fridge.
Yanni found Skura at a trailer park.
Yanni found Skura on Facebook years later.
Yanni found Skura on Facebook.
Yanni found Skura's book helpful.
Yanni found Skura's car in the garage.
Yanni found Skura's credit card.
Yanni found Skura's hamster.
Yanni found Skura's phone in the bathroom.
Yanni found Skura's purse.
Yanni found Skura's stolen Berber dictionary in Zira's purse.
Yanni found Skura's turtle.
Yanni found a "made in Algeria" label on his shirt.
Yanni found a June beetle in the backyard.
Yanni found a June bug.
Yanni found a bare wire.
Yanni found a basket filled with newspapers.
Yanni found a beautiful campsite.
Yanni found a bone in the backyard.
Yanni found a bullseye in his windshield.
Yanni found a cellphone lying on the dirt.
Yanni found a church in the middle of the woods.
Yanni found a circular clearing in the woods.
Yanni found a dead body in the woods.
Yanni found a dead body near the lake.
Yanni found a dead body.
Yanni found a dead wasp inside the fig.
Yanni found a guy taking a dump in the bushes.
Yanni found a huge scorpion in the closet.
Yanni found a huge watermelon in the refrigerator.
Yanni found a job as a Berber teacher.
Yanni found a job teaching Berber in Algiers.
Yanni found a leak in Skura's engine.
Yanni found a little girl alone with the goats.
Yanni found a new job at an aluminum foil factory.
Yanni found a new job with a soft drink company.
Yanni found a partner.
Yanni found a pebble under his bed.
Yanni found a permanent home.
Yanni found a present on the hood of his car.
Yanni found a purse full of cash at the subway station.
Yanni found a ransom note on his windshield.
Yanni found a sandwich on the hood of his car.
Yanni found a scorpion in his house.
Yanni found a scorpion inside his shoe.
Yanni found a scorpion under his bed.
Yanni found a suitable spot for pitching a tent.
Yanni found a tangerine tree in the middle of the backyard.
Yanni found a way to cheat the system.
Yanni found a way to earn the money.
Yanni found alcohol there.
Yanni found an apartment and quickly placed a deposit on it.
Yanni found an apartment in Algiers.
Yanni found an empty beer can in his room.
Yanni found an empty car parked on the side of the road.
Yanni found an entrance to an old maintenance tunnel.
Yanni found an unfired bullet on the floor.
Yanni found an unused condom in the drawer.
Yanni found another car.
Yanni found bits of a dead wasp inside the fig.
Yanni found camping equipment in Skura's trunk.
Yanni found cigarette butts in the basement.
Yanni found cigarette butts on the porch.
Yanni found dinosaur bones in the Sahara.
Yanni found dog feces on his windshield.
Yanni found everything Skura said funny.
Yanni found everything Skura said interesting.
Yanni found evidence that Skura was misusing company funds.
Yanni found figs in the refrigerator.
Yanni found footprints near his tent.
Yanni found fresh human footprints.
Yanni found himself doing that.
Yanni found himself drawn to Skura.
Yanni found himself emotionally unfaithful.
Yanni found himself in Algeria.
Yanni found himself in a mosque.
Yanni found himself kicked out of the club.
Yanni found himself living in Algiers and he was broke.
Yanni found himself more alone than ever before.
Yanni found himself on the street.
Yanni found his car keys on the couch.
Yanni found his car keys.
Yanni found his glasses.
Yanni found his phone in the dumpster.
Yanni found his phone.
Yanni found human bones in the cave.
Yanni found it.
Yanni found knives on the floor.
Yanni found larvae inside the fig.
Yanni found no one in the mosque.
Yanni found out a few days ago.
Yanni found out a year ago.
Yanni found out about Skura's affair.
Yanni found out that Rima betrayed him.
Yanni found out that Rima was coming.
Yanni found out that Skura had been a Berber teacher in Algeria.
Yanni found out that Skura had been cheating on him.
Yanni found out that Skura lived in Algiers.
Yanni found out that Skura was a lesbian and he was troubled by that.
Yanni found out that he was going to get evicted before the end of the month.
Yanni found out.
Yanni found romantic love.
Yanni found salvation in soccer.
Yanni found smashed pumpkins on the garage floor.
Yanni found so many figs on the ground.
Yanni found somebody that he could love.
Yanni found that bizarre.
Yanni found that exhausting.
Yanni found that girl a little weird.
Yanni found that incongruous.
Yanni found that offensive.
Yanni found that really awkward.
Yanni found that really helpful.
Yanni found that video helpful.
Yanni found the bare wire.
Yanni found the breaker that controls the light switch to the kitchen light.
Yanni found the bridge.
Yanni found the camp site in chaos.
Yanni found the fuse box.
Yanni found the hallway lights on.
Yanni found the information helpful.
Yanni found the information useful.
Yanni found the old mosque crumbling.
Yanni found the park.
Yanni found the right place to camp.
Yanni found the right therapist to work with.
Yanni found this in a statistical yearbook of Algeria.
Yanni found this truly unexplainable.
Yanni found two people shagging in the bushes.
Yanni found well over forty separate mammoth bones in the snow.
Yanni found worms inside the fig.
Yanni founded a cult and wanted his followers to pray to him.
Yanni fractured Skura's windshield.
Yanni fractured a bone.
Yanni fractured the bone above his eyebrow.
Yanni frantically explained the situation to the police.
Yanni frantically started dialing 911.
Yanni frantically started typing his username and password.
Yanni frantically typed his username and password.
Yanni freed himself from the tent.
Yanni frequented girls of ill repute.
Yanni frequently went to the mosque.
Yanni frightened Skura out of her mind.
Yanni frightened a group of giraffes away with his motorcycle.
Yanni froze.
Yanni fumigated his figs.
Yanni functions differently.
Yanni gained Skura's respect.
Yanni gained a degree in Berber.
Yanni gained control of the gun.
Yanni gained parole after just four years behind bars.
Yanni gathered his things and left.
Yanni gathered wood for a small fire.
Yanni gave Layla a little head massage.
Yanni gave Rima a Kabyle dress for Christmas.
Yanni gave Rima a chance.
Yanni gave Rima a comfortable house to live in.
Yanni gave Rima a couple chances.
Yanni gave Rima many chances.
Yanni gave Rima the motivation to pursue her dreams.
Yanni gave Rima the motivation to stick to her dream.
Yanni gave Rima the opportunity to change.
Yanni gave Santa a big hug.
Yanni gave Skura 400 dinars.
Yanni gave Skura CPR.
Yanni gave Skura a Berber translation of the Quran.
Yanni gave Skura a CD of his favorite Berber songs.
Yanni gave Skura a Quran that she read from cover to cover.
Yanni gave Skura a big smile.
Yanni gave Skura a break.
Yanni gave Skura a call.
Yanni gave Skura a chance.
Yanni gave Skura a creepy grin.
Yanni gave Skura a dime.
Yanni gave Skura a discount card.
Yanni gave Skura a discount.
Yanni gave Skura a dollar.
Yanni gave Skura a fairly good gift.
Yanni gave Skura a few Nintendo lessons.
Yanni gave Skura a few crisp 1000 dinar bills.
Yanni gave Skura a few punches.
Yanni gave Skura a few water balloons.
Yanni gave Skura a foot massage.
Yanni gave Skura a fur coat.
Yanni gave Skura a gift.
Yanni gave Skura a hand.
Yanni gave Skura a heart attack.
Yanni gave Skura a hijab.
Yanni gave Skura a hug.
Yanni gave Skura a jar of fig jam.
Yanni gave Skura a job at the mosque.
Yanni gave Skura a kidney.
Yanni gave Skura a little geology lecture.
Yanni gave Skura a little quiz.
Yanni gave Skura a long stare.
Yanni gave Skura a medication to put her to sleep.
Yanni gave Skura a nickname.
Yanni gave Skura a pat on the back.
Yanni gave Skura a piece of wire.
Yanni gave Skura a polite excuse and hung up.
Yanni gave Skura a prayer mat.
Yanni gave Skura a quarter.
Yanni gave Skura a reassuring thumbs up.
Yanni gave Skura a receipt.
Yanni gave Skura a ride to town.
Yanni gave Skura a shopping list.
Yanni gave Skura a smile.
Yanni gave Skura a strange look.
Yanni gave Skura a subtle touch on her hand.
Yanni gave Skura a toolbag.
Yanni gave Skura a tour.
Yanni gave Skura a trial run at the job.
Yanni gave Skura a weird look.
Yanni gave Skura a whole lecture about how to take care of her cat.
Yanni gave Skura a windshield repair kit to fix the bullseye in her windshield.
Yanni gave Skura everything.
Yanni gave Skura forty thousand dinars for her services.
Yanni gave Skura four months.
Yanni gave Skura her change.
Yanni gave Skura her medicine.
Yanni gave Skura her money back.
Yanni gave Skura her very first job.
Yanni gave Skura his business card.
Yanni gave Skura his full attention.
Yanni gave Skura his kidney.
Yanni gave Skura his mother's name.
Yanni gave Skura his phone number.
Yanni gave Skura his phone.
Yanni gave Skura his social media.
Yanni gave Skura lots of compliments.
Yanni gave Skura lots of money.
Yanni gave Skura major red flags.
Yanni gave Skura money to keep her mouth shut.
Yanni gave Skura money.
Yanni gave Skura mouth-to-mouth resuscitation.
Yanni gave Skura one of his kidneys.
Yanni gave Skura small gifts.
Yanni gave Skura so many books about Islam.
Yanni gave Skura some beautiful figs.
Yanni gave Skura some capsules.
Yanni gave Skura some fresh figs.
Yanni gave Skura some lessons.
Yanni gave Skura some money.
Yanni gave Skura some water.
Yanni gave Skura something.
Yanni gave Skura support.
Yanni gave Skura that.
Yanni gave Skura the benefit of the doubt.
Yanni gave Skura the constant gaze.
Yanni gave Skura the gun.
Yanni gave Skura the healthcare she needed.
Yanni gave Skura the other half.
Yanni gave Skura the right change.
Yanni gave Skura time to reload her gun.
Yanni gave Skura water.
Yanni gave a lecture about the history of the Berber language.
Yanni gave himself like four minutes to eat lunch.
Yanni gave himself the opportunity to do that.
Yanni gave his daughter a free rein.
Yanni gave his dog a silly name.
Yanni gave his goat a good brush.
Yanni gave his goats some figs.
Yanni gave his hands a good rinse after he was done washing his goat's udder.
Yanni gave his opinion.
Yanni gave his phone to Rima.
Yanni gave in to temptation.
Yanni gave it a try.
Yanni gave it to Rima.
Yanni gave me a kidney.
Yanni gave people chances.
Yanni gave police a tantalizing tip that led them straight to Rima's killer.
Yanni gave public performances.
Yanni gave some change to a panhandler.
Yanni gave that idiot his number.
Yanni gave the cops fake information.
Yanni gave the plants a little water.
Yanni gave the wrong answer.
Yanni gave them a friendly wave and a smile.
Yanni gave them a ride.
Yanni gave those people their money back.
Yanni gave up and left.
Yanni gave up cigarettes after the doctor's warning.
Yanni gave up driving altogether.
Yanni gave up his former religion and converted to Islam.
Yanni gave volunteer Berber classes on Facebook.
Yanni gave volunteer riding lessons to people with disabilities.
Yanni gazed into Skura's eyes.
Yanni genuinely believed he had found the love of his life.
Yanni genuinely likes Skura.
Yanni genuinely loved Skura at first.
Yanni genuinely loved Skura.
Yanni genuinely thought that he was going to get away with his murder.
Yanni gets confused sometimes.
Yanni gets his car washed at least once a month.
Yanni gets his windshield repaired professionally.
Yanni gets this question frequently.
Yanni gets up early on Friday to go to the mosque.
Yanni gets vivid flashbacks.
Yanni gifted Skura a Berber translation of the Quran.
Yanni giggled.
Yanni gives advice to new converts.
Yanni gives convert classes to new Muslims.
Yanni gives investment advice.
Yanni gladly welcomed Skura back.
Yanni glanced around the cafe like he was looking for someone.
Yanni glanced around the room like he was looking for someone.
Yanni glanced at the mosque.
Yanni glared at the boss again.
Yanni goes to Algeria every Thursday.
Yanni goes to Algeria every week.
Yanni goes to Algeria sometimes.
Yanni goes to Algeria.
Yanni goes to Japan by plane.
Yanni goes to a regular Sunni mosque.
Yanni goes to bed at about 11 pm.
Yanni goes to college in Algeria.
Yanni goes to the mosque every single Friday.
Yanni goes to the mosque four times a week.
Yanni goes to the mosque occasionally.
Yanni goes to the mosque on Fridays.
Yanni goes to the restaurant each day.
Yanni goes to the restaurant every day.
Yanni goes to work.
Yanni googled his girlfriend's name.
Yanni got Berber, his preferred major.
Yanni got Rima an expensive cocktail.
Yanni got Rima that Kabyle dress for Christmas.
Yanni got Skura a T-shirt.
Yanni got Skura a drink.
Yanni got Skura a job.
Yanni got Skura drugs.
Yanni got Skura engaged in the conversation.
Yanni got Skura in bed.
Yanni got Skura kicked out of Berber class.
Yanni got Skura out of the car and put her on the grass.
Yanni got Skura out of the car.
Yanni got Skura pregnant.
Yanni got Skura's attention.
Yanni got Skura.
Yanni got a bad feeling.
Yanni got a big plate of food.
Yanni got a bottle of molasses.
Yanni got a bubble bath.
Yanni got a call from a private number.
Yanni got a call from a woman from Algeria who assured him she was Skura, but he didn't believe her.
Yanni got a call from an unknown number.
Yanni got a cat.
Yanni got a cold.
Yanni got a contract.
Yanni got a crack in his windshield.
Yanni got a cut on his hand.
Yanni got a degree.
Yanni got a discount of four hundred dinars.
Yanni got a double fine.
Yanni got a double ticket.
Yanni got a drink and a snack.
Yanni got a girl pregnant.
Yanni got a good glimpse of the driver.
Yanni got a good look at the license plate.
Yanni got a good look of the man.
Yanni got a head of Skura.
Yanni got a heart attack.
Yanni got a higher belt in karate.
Yanni got a job as a truck mechanic.
Yanni got a job in Algiers about four years ago.
Yanni got a job in Algiers.
Yanni got a job.
Yanni got a knock on the door.
Yanni got a letter from Algeria.
Yanni got a life sentence without parole for capital murder.
Yanni got a little bit annoyed.
Yanni got a little bit mad with Skura.
Yanni got a little carried away.
Yanni got a little glimpse of that.
Yanni got a little scared.
Yanni got a little shy at Skura's remarks.
Yanni got a lot of attention at work.
Yanni got a new tattoo.
Yanni got a personal trainer at a local gym.
Yanni got a phone call from Skura.
Yanni got a phone call from a stranger.
Yanni got a phone call from the police.
Yanni got a puppy.
Yanni got a raise.
Yanni got a snack.
Yanni got a taxi.
Yanni got a text from his sister.
Yanni got a ticket for speeding.
Yanni got a ticket for that.
Yanni got a weird feeling.
Yanni got alcohol poisoning.
Yanni got all of his figs quartered.
Yanni got all of his figs stemmed and quartered.
Yanni got along with the driving teacher.
Yanni got amputated.
Yanni got another call.
Yanni got another piece of cake.
Yanni got attached to Skura too quickly.
Yanni got attacked by a group of strangers.
Yanni got awkward.
Yanni got back into the car.
Yanni got back on the elevator.
Yanni got back to Algeria.
Yanni got back to his house.
Yanni got back to sleep.
Yanni got baptized.
Yanni got better.
Yanni got bludgeoned to death.
Yanni got bored of watching the show.
Yanni got bruises all over his face.
Yanni got carjacked.
Yanni got caught by a game warden.
Yanni got caught in the flood.
Yanni got caught.
Yanni got chills reading Skura's story.
Yanni got close to Rima.
Yanni got close to Skura.
Yanni got close to his boss in order to get a promotion.
Yanni got closer.
Yanni got concerned about that.
Yanni got confused.
Yanni got crazy.
Yanni got defensive.
Yanni got deported from Algeria.
Yanni got desensitized to the sight of blood.
Yanni got desensitized.
Yanni got detoxed from cocaine.
Yanni got down.
Yanni got dressed.
Yanni got dropped at home.
Yanni got engaged just a month after his wife's death and it just struck me as being odd.
Yanni got evicted from that residence.
Yanni got exactly what he deserved.
Yanni got extremely wealthy.
Yanni got fed up.
Yanni got fired again.
Yanni got fired yesterday.
Yanni got fired.
Yanni got four years for tampering with evidence.
Yanni got frustrated.
Yanni got good grades for most of his school life.
Yanni got help.
Yanni got himself a personal trainer.
Yanni got himself some breakfast.
Yanni got hired.
Yanni got his affairs in order.
Yanni got his appendix removed.
Yanni got his bike.
Yanni got his dog a big steak.
Yanni got his driver's license.
Yanni got his eye on Skura.
Yanni got his figs quartered.
Yanni got his figs washed.
Yanni got his goats vaccinated.
Yanni got his grades up.
Yanni got his license taken away.
Yanni got his memory back.
Yanni got his mother to sign over all of her accounts to him.
Yanni got his windshield repaired by a professional.
Yanni got home ten minutes ago.
Yanni got hurt, too.
Yanni got in a car accident.
Yanni got in bed with Skura.
Yanni got in bed with his wife.
Yanni got in the back seat.
Yanni got in the van.
Yanni got in trouble for kissing Skura in the hall.
Yanni got inside.
Yanni got into a new lifestyle.
Yanni got into an argument with the doctor.
Yanni got into the highway.
Yanni got into trouble at school.
Yanni got involved with Rima.
Yanni got involved with someone else.
Yanni got involved with someone outside his marriage.
Yanni got isolated.
Yanni got kicked out of Skura's store.
Yanni got kicked out of the bar.
Yanni got kicked out.
Yanni got lost in Algiers.
Yanni got lost somewhere in Algiers.
Yanni got lost, too.
Yanni got lucky.
Yanni got mad and quit his job.
Yanni got mad at Skura about that.
Yanni got mad at that point.
Yanni got mad.
Yanni got many merit badges.
Yanni got me a job.
Yanni got moderately drunk.
Yanni got more and more angry.
Yanni got more calls that night.
Yanni got nauseous.
Yanni got off the airplane.
Yanni got off the bus.
Yanni got off the freeway.
Yanni got off the road.
Yanni got on a depressed state.
Yanni got on his knees and started to pray.
Yanni got on the elevator and pushed the button for the fourth floor.
Yanni got on the elevator.
Yanni got on the ground.
Yanni got on the main road.
Yanni got out of Algiers and came home.
Yanni got out of Skura's car.
Yanni got out of his car and left it running.
Yanni got out of his car.
Yanni got out of jail and started to rebuild his life.
Yanni got out of the car in the last second.
Yanni got out of the car.
Yanni got out of the way.
Yanni got out of work first.
Yanni got out of work.
Yanni got out.
Yanni got over his deceased wife, Skura, and started dating again.
Yanni got over the wall.
Yanni got prepared.
Yanni got really angry.
Yanni got really distracted.
Yanni got really into Islam.
Yanni got really irritated.
Yanni got really mad.
Yanni got really pissed off.
Yanni got really upset.
Yanni got reported immediately.
Yanni got rid of Skura's photographs.
Yanni got rid of the gun in the bayou.
Yanni got rid of the painting.
Yanni got rid of those magazines.
Yanni got right where he wanted.
Yanni got scared.
Yanni got searched.
Yanni got seriously creeped out.
Yanni got shot.
Yanni got shy.
Yanni got sick of sitting there.
Yanni got sick.
Yanni got signal.
Yanni got sleepy and prepared to go to bed.
Yanni got sleepy waiting for Skura's call.
Yanni got sleepy while driving.
Yanni got so annoyed.
Yanni got so humbled by that experience.
Yanni got some beer.
Yanni got some food for lunch.
Yanni got some food from the grocery store.
Yanni got some free food.
Yanni got some of the money back.
Yanni got some snacks.
Yanni got some supplies.
Yanni got straight down to business.
Yanni got straight down to work.
Yanni got sucked into that.
Yanni got super excited.
Yanni got suspended.
Yanni got swabbed.
Yanni got that raise.
Yanni got that right.
Yanni got that ugly crack in his windshield a year ago.
Yanni got the bad end of the deal.
Yanni got the call again.
Yanni got the cat out of the mosque.
Yanni got the chance to study Islam closely.
Yanni got the document xeroxed.
Yanni got the hint.
Yanni got the job.
Yanni got the money.
Yanni got the oil filter off.
Yanni got the table set with candles.
Yanni got the tickets.
Yanni got the weekend off.
Yanni got there.
Yanni got thrown out of his house.
Yanni got ticketed for driving in the carpool lane.
Yanni got ticketed for that.
Yanni got tired of listening to Skura's talk.
Yanni got to Algeria finally.
Yanni got to his house safely.
Yanni got to know Rima.
Yanni got to the door.
Yanni got to the farm.
Yanni got to the hospital.
Yanni got to the top of the hill.
Yanni got two back-to-back life sentences for the murders.
Yanni got up at 4:00 AM.
Yanni got up in the morning to pray fajr.
Yanni got up to leave, but Skura barely looked at him.
Yanni got up.
Yanni got upset.
Yanni got us some Berber food.
Yanni got us some snacks.
Yanni got used to Ramadan.
Yanni got used to it.
Yanni got used to live this life of luxury without working for it.
Yanni got used to this.
Yanni got very agitated.
Yanni got very confused.
Yanni got very frustrated.
Yanni got very good grades.
Yanni got very scared.
Yanni got very specific.
Yanni got very vulgar and mean.
Yanni got what he wanted out of Skura.
Yanni got word of Rima's arrest.
Yanni grabbed Skura around the throat.
Yanni grabbed Skura by the elbow.
Yanni grabbed Skura's arm and pulled her up.
Yanni grabbed Skura's attention.
Yanni grabbed Skura's hand and peeled it off his tight.
Yanni grabbed Skura's upper arm.
Yanni grabbed Skura.
Yanni grabbed a bike and ran off.
Yanni grabbed a golf club.
Yanni grabbed a knife and hid behind the door.
Yanni grabbed his backpack and headed into the car.
Yanni grabbed his dog and ran outside.
Yanni grabbed his phone and clenched it.
Yanni grabbed his phone and hit redial.
Yanni grabbed his son and went inside the mosque.
Yanni grabbed his stomach tight.
Yanni grabbed the goat's teat, squeezed it gently, and milk squirted out of it.
Yanni grabbed the landline and dialled 911.
Yanni grabbed the resin tube and twisted off the cap.
Yanni grabbed the steering wheel.
Yanni grabbed the wheel.
Yanni graduated from college with a Master's degree in Berber.
Yanni graduated from college with a degree in Berber.
Yanni graduated from the Algiers University.
Yanni graduated from the sharia department.
Yanni graduated high school barely.
Yanni graduated high school in Algeria.
Yanni graduated high school.
Yanni graduated with Skura.
Yanni grasped the light bulb so tightly it shattered in his hand.
Yanni greeted Skura with Valentine's Day flowers.
Yanni greeted Skura with a big hug.
Yanni greeted Skura with a hug because that was just his personality.
Yanni greeted Skura's boyfriend.
Yanni greeted Skura.
Yanni greeted a random guy.
Yanni greeted everybody.
Yanni greeted everyone.
Yanni greeted his classmates.
Yanni greeted his daughter.
Yanni greeted his father.
Yanni greeted his grandfather.
Yanni greeted his little sister.
Yanni greeted his parents.
Yanni greeted his wife.
Yanni greeted the teacher.
Yanni grew more and more frustrated.
Yanni grew more confident.
Yanni grew up Muslim.
Yanni grew up about a mile from where that crime occurred.
Yanni grew up at the same time as Skura's dad.
Yanni grew up close to Algiers.
Yanni grew up for the most part in Algiers.
Yanni grew up happy and safe in Algeria.
Yanni grew up in Algeria before emigrating to Canada.
Yanni grew up in Algeria in the 1940s.
Yanni grew up in Algiers, so his Berber is not the best.
Yanni grew up in Bejaia, Algeria.
Yanni grew up in Tizi-Ouzou, Algeria.
Yanni grew up in a Muslim community.
Yanni grew up in a blue-collar neighborhood.
Yanni grew up in a chaotic home.
Yanni grew up in a really safe neighborhood of Algiers.
Yanni grew up in a small town in rural Algeria.
Yanni grew up in a small town.
Yanni grew up in an aviation family.
Yanni grew up in the north of Algeria.
Yanni grew up in the rural mountains of Algeria.
Yanni grew up in this house.
Yanni grew up most of his life in Algeria before immigrating to Canada.
Yanni grew up on an island in Indonesia.
Yanni grew up on his father's sprawling estate in northern Algeria.
Yanni grew up on the outskirts of Bejaia, Algeria.
Yanni grew up poor.
Yanni grew up seeing his dad abusing drugs and alcohol.
Yanni grew up spoiled rotten.
Yanni grew up the son of an imam.
Yanni grew wheat in Algeria.
Yanni gripped Skura's hip.
Yanni grounded Skura for four days.
Yanni grows fig trees.
Yanni grows watermelon in Algeria.
Yanni guessed wrong.
Yanni had Skura roll on the ground to extinguish the fire.
Yanni had Skura strip naked.
Yanni had Skura's number.
Yanni had a Berber class with Skura.
Yanni had a Berber class.
Yanni had a Berber teacher called Skura Ziri.
Yanni had a Ford Focus before he had his Porsche.
Yanni had a Ford pickup.
Yanni had a Pokemon bookbag.
Yanni had a bad boy reputation, making him irresistible to Skura.
Yanni had a bad feeling about that.
Yanni had a bandage wrapped tightly around his head.
Yanni had a beautiful house.
Yanni had a beautiful wife.
Yanni had a big iftar meal.
Yanni had a big lock on his door.
Yanni had a big smile on his face.
Yanni had a bizarre story to tell the police.
Yanni had a bizarrely disturbing encounter with a man who told him that he was a wanted serial killer.
Yanni had a black eye.
Yanni had a blanket over him.
Yanni had a bomb factory in his home.
Yanni had a call from a woman.
Yanni had a car crash.
Yanni had a cavity.
Yanni had a change of heart.
Yanni had a chat with the mayor.
Yanni had a comfortable life in Algiers.
Yanni had a concussion from that fall.
Yanni had a concussion.
Yanni had a conviction for a sex offense.
Yanni had a copy of the Quran with him.
Yanni had a couple of hundred bucks on him.
Yanni had a crush on Skura.
Yanni had a cup of tea.
Yanni had a cute chihuahua.
Yanni had a daughter that lived close by.
Yanni had a dream where he was fishing with his father.
Yanni had a drink.
Yanni had a dry sense of humor.
Yanni had a family portrait in his room.
Yanni had a few issues from the war.
Yanni had a few vodkas before taking a warm bath.
Yanni had a fig tree grown in his yard.
Yanni had a flat tire.
Yanni had a flower for Skura.
Yanni had a glow about him.
Yanni had a good breakfast.
Yanni had a good heart.
Yanni had a good house.
Yanni had a good job.
Yanni had a good week.
Yanni had a good wife.
Yanni had a gorgeous house.
Yanni had a great career ahead of him.
Yanni had a great life in Algeria.
Yanni had a great time in Algiers.
Yanni had a great time.
Yanni had a gun in his locker.
Yanni had a gun in the store.
Yanni had a gun underneath his bed.
Yanni had a gun, cocked and ready to fire.
Yanni had a gun.
Yanni had a hard conversation with Rima.
Yanni had a hard day.
Yanni had a heart attack and died.
Yanni had a history of depression.
Yanni had a history of having a bad temper.
Yanni had a history of impulsivity.
Yanni had a history of substance abuse.
Yanni had a hood over his head.
Yanni had a horrible day.
Yanni had a horrible nightmare.
Yanni had a house built in Algiers.
Yanni had a huge ego.
Yanni had a huge farm in Algeria.
Yanni had a huge house.
Yanni had a huge influence on his niece, Rima.
Yanni had a hunting knife in his hand.
Yanni had a job.
Yanni had a key to Skura's storage unit.
Yanni had a lazy eye that looked to the left.
Yanni had a list of things to do.
Yanni had a long beige coat on.
Yanni had a loose grasp on Berber.
Yanni had a lot of fun.
Yanni had a lot of love in his heart.
Yanni had a lot of time to think.
Yanni had a lovely time and Skura's was lovelier.
Yanni had a luggage rack on the roof of his car.
Yanni had a map.
Yanni had a massive four-story house.
Yanni had a massive gash in his face.
Yanni had a massive house.
Yanni had a massive seizure in the mosque.
Yanni had a meal towards the end of the day.
Yanni had a more sinister plan.
Yanni had a moustache.
Yanni had a new message from Skura.
Yanni had a night out.
Yanni had a normal life.
Yanni had a paranoid personality.
Yanni had a party until 4:00 AM.
Yanni had a perfect job.
Yanni had a perfect life.
Yanni had a positive experience in Algeria.
Yanni had a pretty interesting Kabyle accent.
Yanni had a pretty severe drug problem.
Yanni had a private appointment.
Yanni had a problem of not being able to keep his hands to himself in Skura's presence.
Yanni had a production company that made adult films.
Yanni had a production company that made films.
Yanni had a quick shower with his dog.
Yanni had a really pale face.
Yanni had a relapse.
Yanni had a relationship with Rima.
Yanni had a reoccurring dream where his shadow was chasing him.
Yanni had a rocky start in life.
Yanni had a rucksack on his back.
Yanni had a sarcastic sense of humor.
Yanni had a satanic appearance.
Yanni had a screaming fit.
Yanni had a seat.
Yanni had a secret relationship with Skura.
Yanni had a serious condition.
Yanni had a severe concussion.
Yanni had a shopping basket.
Yanni had a similar experience.
Yanni had a sleep disorder.
Yanni had a sleepover in a friend's house.
Yanni had a soft heart.
Yanni had a soothing voice.
Yanni had a soundproof office.
Yanni had a spoon of olive oil.
Yanni had a strained relation with Skura.
Yanni had a strange dream last night.
Yanni had a strict religious upbringing.
Yanni had a successful remodeling business.
Yanni had a sudden urge to brush his teeth.
Yanni had a sudden urge to message Skura on Facebook.
Yanni had a tactical shotgun.
Yanni had a taste for some fries, so he drove to a McDonald's.
Yanni had a temper and apparently, that temper would come out when he was drinking.
Yanni had a temper but he also had a soft heart.
Yanni had a temper.
Yanni had a terrible day.
Yanni had a thing for Skura.
Yanni had a thriving urology practice.
Yanni had a torrid affair with his mistress.
Yanni had a try.
Yanni had a tumultuous marriage.
Yanni had a uniform on.
Yanni had a very bad car accident.
Yanni had a very eerie feeling.
Yanni had a very good moral compass.
Yanni had a very negative view about Muslims.
Yanni had a very strict upbringing.
Yanni had a web TV.
Yanni had a weird dream.
Yanni had a weird eerie feeling.
Yanni had a wig on.
Yanni had a wild temper.
Yanni had a working cell.
Yanni had abandonment issues.
Yanni had absolutely no control over his daughter.
Yanni had absolutely no idea what he was dealing with.
Yanni had access to a lot of money.
Yanni had access to poisonous substances.
Yanni had all the motives to commit the crime.
Yanni had amazing teachers that fully supported him.
Yanni had an Islamic upbringing.
Yanni had an ability to read people.
Yanni had an active Internet life.
Yanni had an admirable jumping ability.
Yanni had an adorable puppy.
Yanni had an amazing day in Algiers.
Yanni had an amazing day.
Yanni had an anxiety attack.
Yanni had an argument with his mom.
Yanni had an assignment.
Yanni had an eagle eye.
Yanni had an eating disorder.
Yanni had an emotional affair with Rima.
Yanni had an emotional affair with Skura.
Yanni had an emotional relationship with Rima.
Yanni had an encounter with a strange creature in the woods.
Yanni had an entire plan to rob Skura.
Yanni had an epically bad friend.
Yanni had an epically bad high school friend.
Yanni had an explosive temper.
Yanni had an extremely thick Kabyle accent and it was difficult for Skura to understand him.
Yanni had an impulse to ask Skura to come with him, but he quickly changed his mind.
Yanni had an insatiable lust for life.
Yanni had an intense desire for revenge.
Yanni had an intimate contact with Skura.
Yanni had an obsessive attachment to Skura's daughter.
Yanni had an opportunity to change.
Yanni had an oversized head.
Yanni had an overwhelming fear of being abandoned.
Yanni had an overwhelming fear of losing Skura.
Yanni had an unethical relationship with one of his patients.
Yanni had an unprotected wireless connection.
Yanni had another few drinks.
Yanni had another interest: boys. He was a pedophile.
Yanni had anxiety.
Yanni had aspirations to do bigger things.
Yanni had back surgery.
Yanni had been dead for at least a couple of weeks.
Yanni had blood in his mouth.
Yanni had blood on him.
Yanni had books on every religion including Islam.
Yanni had bruises all over his legs.
Yanni had bruising and marks on his body.
Yanni had colorful descriptions for the prostitutes he slept with. He used to call Skura the "Red Pearl," for example.
Yanni had cuts of completely different sizes and depth.
Yanni had depression issues.
Yanni had dreadlocks.
Yanni had drug issues.
Yanni had drugs in his system.
Yanni had everything taken from him four times.
Yanni had feelings for Skura but she wasn't interested.
Yanni had financial problems.
Yanni had footage of Skura half-naked.
Yanni had four biological children and an adopted daughter.
Yanni had four different jobs.
Yanni had four dogs.
Yanni had four hundred rounds of ammunition.
Yanni had four major surgeries.
Yanni had four separate brain bleeds.
Yanni had four shots in his back.
Yanni had freedom to do whatever he wanted.
Yanni had friends in Algiers.
Yanni had fun.
Yanni had his cane with him.
Yanni had his daughter committed to a facility for children with behavioral problems.
Yanni had his day in court.
Yanni had his first sighting of a UFO in 2004.
Yanni had his heart set on Algeria.
Yanni had his iftar at work.
Yanni had his initials on his saddle.
Yanni had his last meal at four.
Yanni had his life planned out.
Yanni had his own computer.
Yanni had his own room.
Yanni had his portrait painted.
Yanni had his very first art exhibit in Algiers.
Yanni had his windshield bullseye inspected by a qualified repair technician.
Yanni had huge hands.
Yanni had knives that he was ready to use to defend himself.
Yanni had little to no time to date.
Yanni had lived there before Skura did.
Yanni had long scraggly hair.
Yanni had many affairs in Algiers.
Yanni had many opportunities to prevent this.
Yanni had many stereotypes about Islam.
Yanni had minor brain damage.
Yanni had money.
Yanni had motive and opportunity to commit that murder.
Yanni had nice furniture.
Yanni had nice guns.
Yanni had nightmares of dogs chasing him.
Yanni had nightmares of someone cutting him open.
Yanni had nightmares the whole night.
Yanni had nightmares.
Yanni had no clue what Skura was talking about.
Yanni had no desire to move elsewhere.
Yanni had no guidance.
Yanni had no idea Skura would follow him all the way home.
Yanni had no idea about his wife's affair.
Yanni had no idea he was next on Skura's hit list.
Yanni had no idea that Skura was extremely upset.
Yanni had no idea that so many people cared about him.
Yanni had no idea the authorities were onto him.
Yanni had no idea what on earth anyone was saying.
Yanni had no idea which direction to go.
Yanni had no idea who Skura was.
Yanni had no idea who that man was.
Yanni had no intention of forgiving Rima.
Yanni had no interaction with any Muslims.
Yanni had no male heirs.
Yanni had no money and no prospects.
Yanni had no money.
Yanni had no one to get his mail.
Yanni had no pants on.
Yanni had no proof that was Skura.
Yanni had no service on his cellphone.
Yanni had no supporters left.
Yanni had no way to pay rent.
Yanni had nowhere to go.
Yanni had on a wig.
Yanni had one dog and one cat.
Yanni had only one thing on his mind: repairing his relationship with Skura.
Yanni had only one thing on his mind: take his own life.
Yanni had painful and traumatic experiences.
Yanni had photos of Skura cheating on him.
Yanni had planned to kill Skura from the very beginning.
Yanni had playful conversations with Skura.
Yanni had really bad breath.
Yanni had repeated nightmares.
Yanni had secret spots where he stashed alcohol.
Yanni had security cameras.
Yanni had self-esteem issues.
Yanni had several family members pass away in 2004.
Yanni had severe night terrors.
Yanni had sex with Skura.
Yanni had sex with Ziri's ex-wife.
Yanni had sex with a mentally challenged girl.
Yanni had sleep paralysis very often.
Yanni had small incisions on his wrists.
Yanni had so many things swirling in his head.
Yanni had some PTSD.
Yanni had some beers with a friend.
Yanni had some bread and cheese.
Yanni had some distinctive mannerisms.
Yanni had some family that lived in Algeria.
Yanni had some incidents when he worked there.
Yanni had some jealous bones in his body.
Yanni had some money saved up.
Yanni had some of his Berber homework left.
Yanni had some piercings.
Yanni had some suspicions about Skura.
Yanni had some very painful traumatic experiences.
Yanni had such big eyes.
Yanni had tattoos.
Yanni had that gut feeling that he was living the last minutes of his life.
Yanni had the TV on in the background and I couldn't hear him.
Yanni had the TV playing in the background as he browsed the Internet.
Yanni had the chance to work with Muslim refugees from Myanmar.
Yanni had the house all to himself.
Yanni had the opportunity to flee.
Yanni had the receipt for buying that phone.
Yanni had the whole area to himself.
Yanni had the windows open.
Yanni had thick black hair.
Yanni had things that the boss needed to sign but he wasn't available.
Yanni had this look like he wasn't even there.
Yanni had this.
Yanni had to act natural.
Yanni had to be hospitalized.
Yanni had to be smart.
Yanni had to come back.
Yanni had to do that.
Yanni had to drive Skura back to Algiers.
Yanni had to evict that tenant.
Yanni had to get drinks.
Yanni had to get out of there.
Yanni had to go to the bathroom.
Yanni had to go, too.
Yanni had to leave his family behind in Algeria.
Yanni had to leave.
Yanni had to really learn Berber quickly.
Yanni had to reheat the food.
Yanni had to repay the stolen cash.
Yanni had to stop all of its projects in Algeria.
Yanni had to take another train.
Yanni had to teach himself how to make videos.
Yanni had to undergo a total of forty operations.
Yanni had to use chalk to mark the walls of the tunnel in order to find his way back.
Yanni had to wash his hands.
Yanni had tons of friends.
Yanni had total control over that group.
Yanni had tremendous mood swings.
Yanni had trouble falling asleep.
Yanni had two dogs and four cats.
Yanni had two safes in his home.
Yanni had unique methods of persuasion.
Yanni had valuables in his safe.
Yanni had zero experience.
Yanni hails from Algeria.
Yanni handed Skura a shovel.
Yanni handed Skura the Nintendo controller.
Yanni handed Skura the car keys.
Yanni handles everything here.
Yanni happened to have just what Skura needed.
Yanni happens to be one of Algiers' best doctors.
Yanni harassed Skura for her number.
Yanni harvested only the ripest figs.
Yanni harvests bark every early summer to weave baskets.
Yanni harvests vines to weave baskets.
Yanni has 40,000 dinars in the bank.
Yanni has 400 fig trees in his garden.
Yanni has Algerian neighbors.
Yanni has Alzheimer's.
Yanni has COVID-19.
Yanni has Churchill's autograph.
Yanni has Churchill's pen.
Yanni has Muslim neighbors.
Yanni has Skura's current number.
Yanni has a Berber class at four.
Yanni has a German Shepherd.
Yanni has a Scrabble dictionary.
Yanni has a Toyota Corolla.
Yanni has a baby brother.
Yanni has a baby cat.
Yanni has a back brace.
Yanni has a back porch.
Yanni has a backyard.
Yanni has a beautiful Victorian mansion in San Francisco.
Yanni has a beautiful and supportive wife.
Yanni has a beautiful house.
Yanni has a better idea now.
Yanni has a big couch.
Yanni has a big date tonight.
Yanni has a big herd of goats.
Yanni has a big house and an even bigger ego.
Yanni has a big house.
Yanni has a big mahogany table.
Yanni has a big mouth.
Yanni has a bizarre sexual fetish.
Yanni has a blank face.
Yanni has a body and a mind.
Yanni has a brand-new wardrobe.
Yanni has a bright future ahead of him.
Yanni has a brother and a sister.
Yanni has a brother who is half-Algerian.
Yanni has a bullseye in his windshield.
Yanni has a bullseye on his windshield.
Yanni has a bunch of scars on his neck.
Yanni has a bunch of videos of the accident.
Yanni has a business in Algeria.
Yanni has a cabin in the woods.
Yanni has a camera.
Yanni has a canoe.
Yanni has a car and a small job.
Yanni has a car garage.
Yanni has a car.
Yanni has a chip in his windshield.
Yanni has a chocolate chip cookie.
Yanni has a clearly structured day.
Yanni has a coin collection.
Yanni has a cold.
Yanni has a collection of Algerian coins.
Yanni has a completely different take on what is really going on between Ziri and Skura.
Yanni has a condo down the street.
Yanni has a connection with Skura on an emotional level.
Yanni has a criminal history.
Yanni has a crucifix.
Yanni has a crush on Skura.
Yanni has a cute little cat.
Yanni has a daily routine.
Yanni has a date tonight.
Yanni has a daughter in Algeria.
Yanni has a deep scratch on his windshield.
Yanni has a defect in his eyes. One is green, the other is black.
Yanni has a disability.
Yanni has a dog.
Yanni has a dream.
Yanni has a drinking problem.
Yanni has a family.
Yanni has a farm just outside town.
Yanni has a fear of abandonment.
Yanni has a few friends in Algeria.
Yanni has a fig tree in his garden.
Yanni has a fig tree orchard.
Yanni has a flashlight he can hang up.
Yanni has a food truck in Algiers.
Yanni has a friend from Algeria.
Yanni has a frightening past.
Yanni has a gazebo in his garden.
Yanni has a glorious future laid out before him.
Yanni has a good job.
Yanni has a good manager.
Yanni has a gorgeous watch.
Yanni has a great future here.
Yanni has a great job.
Yanni has a grudge against Skura.
Yanni has a gun.
Yanni has a handgun.
Yanni has a high tolerance to pain.
Yanni has a high-class hotel.
Yanni has a high-pitched voice.
Yanni has a history of drug use.
Yanni has a history of having a bad temper.
Yanni has a home improvement store.
Yanni has a home in Algiers.
Yanni has a home.
Yanni has a house in a forest in the middle of nowhere.
Yanni has a huge Golden Retriever.
Yanni has a huge YouTube community.
Yanni has a huge basement.
Yanni has a huge crack in his windshield.
Yanni has a huge driveway.
Yanni has a huge family.
Yanni has a job that requires him to work at the office.
Yanni has a job.
Yanni has a journal.
Yanni has a large-van taxi.
Yanni has a lawyer.
Yanni has a leather-bound photo album.
Yanni has a limp handshake.
Yanni has a little backpack.
Yanni has a little hamburger shop.
Yanni has a long crack in his windshield.
Yanni has a long journey ahead.
Yanni has a long neck.
Yanni has a long pony tail.
Yanni has a lot of articles in regards to that.
Yanni has a lot of energy inside.
Yanni has a lot of energy.
Yanni has a lot of experience in Algeria.
Yanni has a lot of friends in and around Algiers.
Yanni has a lot of good contacts.
Yanni has a lot of information about this topic.
Yanni has a lot of passion for the homeless.
Yanni has a lot of problems in his life.
Yanni has a lot of things.
Yanni has a lovely voice.
Yanni has a low self-esteem.
Yanni has a magnetic personality.
Yanni has a mansion-style house.
Yanni has a mansion.
Yanni has a map on his phone.
Yanni has a massive German Shepherd.
Yanni has a master's degree in Berber.
Yanni has a medical condition.
Yanni has a meeting today.
Yanni has a meeting with the boss.
Yanni has a mental disorder and he talks like he's about to explode.
Yanni has a message.
Yanni has a mild cognitive disability.
Yanni has a minty fresh breath.
Yanni has a mission.
Yanni has a moderate case of autism.
Yanni has a negative opinion about Skura.
Yanni has a new garage.
Yanni has a new girlfriend.
Yanni has a new light switch.
Yanni has a new phone now.
Yanni has a nice Easter basket.
Yanni has a nice manager.
Yanni has a painting of Jesus.
Yanni has a passport.
Yanni has a penthouse.
Yanni has a pet rabbit.
Yanni has a pile of rusted old cars in his backyard.
Yanni has a plywood floor.
Yanni has a powerful smell.
Yanni has a problem.
Yanni has a production company.
Yanni has a pull-down faucet in his kitchen.
Yanni has a regular job.
Yanni has a relationship with Rima.
Yanni has a remarkable life story.
Yanni has a repair job to do on his car.
Yanni has a rich married life.
Yanni has a rich work life.
Yanni has a rock chip in his windshield.
Yanni has a rock chip on his windshield.
Yanni has a room filled with mounted animals of all types.
Yanni has a roommate.
Yanni has a sauna of an apartment.
Yanni has a scary eighty-pound pitbull.
Yanni has a science project.
Yanni has a scuba lesson.
Yanni has a secret admirer.
Yanni has a serious type of anxiety.
Yanni has a severe case of PTSD.
Yanni has a severe headache.
Yanni has a sister who is half-Algerian.
Yanni has a soft side as well.
Yanni has a soft voice.
Yanni has a spare room.
Yanni has a stable job.
Yanni has a stapler.
Yanni has a star chip in his windshield.
Yanni has a star in his windshield.
Yanni has a statistical yearbook of Algeria.
Yanni has a strange voice.
Yanni has a string of failed businesses behind him.
Yanni has a strong hand.
Yanni has a teenage granddaughter named Skura.
Yanni has a test.
Yanni has a tiny bullseye in his windshield.
Yanni has a tiny chip in his windshield.
Yanni has a tiny rock chip in his windshield.
Yanni has a tiny star chip in his windshield.
Yanni has a traumatic brain injury.
Yanni has a travel company in Algeria.
Yanni has a very busy schedule.
Yanni has a very complicated problem.
Yanni has a very expensive back brace.
Yanni has a very high IQ.
Yanni has a very limited amount of Berber vocabulary.
Yanni has a very old camera flip phone.
Yanni has a very stuffy nose.
Yanni has a video of Skura being an adulterer.
Yanni has a video of Skura cheating on him.
Yanni has a video of his car after the accident.
Yanni has a video on that.
Yanni has a visual impairment and can't see all his friends can see.
Yanni has a whole life ahead of him.
Yanni has a wife who loves him.
Yanni has a wonderful closet.
Yanni has a work project.
Yanni has a yellow lab.
Yanni has abandonment issues.
Yanni has access to that information.
Yanni has access to that place.
Yanni has accumulated forty charges.
Yanni has adulterous liaisons with some of his female co-workers.
Yanni has agoraphobia.
Yanni has already crossed a million red lines.
Yanni has already decided to leave.
Yanni has already gone there.
Yanni has already had run-ins with the law.
Yanni has already left the supermarket.
Yanni has already read the newspaper.
Yanni has already seen that.
Yanni has already served four years in jail.
Yanni has already snitched to the cops.
Yanni has already talked to Skura.
Yanni has already tried to teach Skura Berber.
Yanni has always been a big dreamer.
Yanni has always been a soccer player.
Yanni has always been an avid artist.
Yanni has always been fascinated by the Tuaregs.
Yanni has always been kind of the black sheep of the family.
Yanni has always been nice to his Muslim neighbors.
Yanni has always been obsessive of Skura.
Yanni has always been pretty bad at talking to girls.
Yanni has always been somewhat awkward.
Yanni has always been under the radar.
Yanni has always believed in God.
Yanni has always had a really strong connection to God.
Yanni has always had chips in his windshield.
Yanni has always identified as Muslim.
Yanni has always left the door unlocked.
Yanni has always loved beautiful women but he never cheated on his wife.
Yanni has always treated Ziri like a son.
Yanni has always wanted to learn Berber.
Yanni has always wanted to see Algeria.
Yanni has always wanted to see Algiers.
Yanni has always worn glasses.
Yanni has an abundance of figs in his garden.
Yanni has an addictive history.
Yanni has an adopted daughter.
Yanni has an amazing fig tree in his garden.
Yanni has an automatic car. It has no clutch.
Yanni has an awful lot to learn in Berber.
Yanni has an electrical tester.
Yanni has an emotional affair.
Yanni has an excellent memory.
Yanni has an exciting announcement.
Yanni has an exclusive relationship with Skura.
Yanni has an expensive car and he can't afford a new windshield.
Yanni has an expensive mansion in Algeria.
Yanni has an extensive gun collection.
Yanni has an import-export business in Algeria.
Yanni has an infant brother.
Yanni has an insane surname.
Yanni has an intense fear of abandonment.
Yanni has an offshore account.
Yanni has an older car.
Yanni has an opposite-sex friend.
Yanni has an overwhelming fear of losing his loved one.
Yanni has an unfriendly face.
Yanni has animals in the house.
Yanni has another house in Algiers.
Yanni has another kind of addiction. He's a sex addict.
Yanni has answered Skura's prayers.
Yanni has answered that.
Yanni has appeared again.
Yanni has arrived on dry land.
Yanni has arthritis.
Yanni has beaten Skura.
Yanni has become a Muslim.
Yanni has become a monster.
Yanni has become allergic to Rima's chickenshit excuses.
Yanni has become chronically homeless.
Yanni has become less active on Facebook.
Yanni has been Muslim for a few months.
Yanni has been Muslim for four years.
Yanni has been a Muslim for four months.
Yanni has been a Muslim for more than 40 years.
Yanni has been a bit of an insomniac lately.
Yanni has been a part of Skura's life for the last four years.
Yanni has been all over Algeria.
Yanni has been an avid cyclist all his life.
Yanni has been an imam for more than 40 years.
Yanni has been arrested.
Yanni has been asking Skura many questions.
Yanni has been asking a lot of questions about Islam.
Yanni has been balancing his job, his marriage, and his kids.
Yanni has been blessed with that.
Yanni has been cheating on Skura.
Yanni has been dating since fourth grade.
Yanni has been dating this girl for a few years.
Yanni has been deceased for at least a few days.
Yanni has been doing a good job.
Yanni has been doing a lot of flirting at work.
Yanni has been doing great in college.
Yanni has been doing that for four hours.
Yanni has been doing that with his clients for decades.
Yanni has been drinking big time.
Yanni has been driving for hours.
Yanni has been driving for like forty minutes.
Yanni has been driving for over four hours.
Yanni has been feeling great.
Yanni has been filming giraffes for the last four years.
Yanni has been fired again.
Yanni has been following Skura's YouTube channel for a while.
Yanni has been gravely injured for more than four hours.
Yanni has been growing a beard since the age of 24.
Yanni has been having issues lately.
Yanni has been hiking in Algeria for over four years.
Yanni has been hurt.
Yanni has been injured for a long time.
Yanni has been investing money for so many years.
Yanni has been invited to a little get-together.
Yanni has been keeping records.
Yanni has been killed.
Yanni has been listening to Skura and Ziri's conversation.
Yanni has been living in Algiers for a year now.
Yanni has been living with Skura.
Yanni has been meeting up with his buddies every week.
Yanni has been out for hours.
Yanni has been patient.
Yanni has been paying the bills all these years.
Yanni has been plagued by tragedy his entire life.
Yanni has been practicing.
Yanni has been really bad lately.
Yanni has been riding camels since he was a child.
Yanni has been secretly working on a book.
Yanni has been shopping for four hours.
Yanni has been sleeping with Skura.
Yanni has been teaching Berber for years.
Yanni has been through a rough life.
Yanni has been through that experience.
Yanni has been to Algeria countless times.
Yanni has been to Algeria.
Yanni has been to Japan before.
Yanni has been to Skura's baptism.
Yanni has been to jail before and he's not afraid.
Yanni has been traveling in Japan for a year and half now.
Yanni has been trying so hard to do that.
Yanni has been trying to get a ticket to that game for months.
Yanni has been using this lamp for a long time.
Yanni has been waiting for Skura for forty minutes.
Yanni has been waiting for this.
Yanni has been wanting to film this for so long.
Yanni has been watching that.
Yanni has been working at this location for four years.
Yanni has been working hard lately.
Yanni has been working hard.
Yanni has been working out.
Yanni has begun to learn Berber.
Yanni has begun to transition into the goth lifestyle.
Yanni has big dreams of leaving Algeria.
Yanni has bills that he has to pay.
Yanni has black eyes.
Yanni has black hair.
Yanni has borderline personality disorder.
Yanni has bought Skura a puppy.
Yanni has bought some new bulbs.
Yanni has cable.
Yanni has carried a gun since he could walk.
Yanni has certainly done a good job.
Yanni has changed the light bulb but it doesn't work.
Yanni has changed.
Yanni has children.
Yanni has choir practice tonight.
Yanni has chosen you to keep company to his little daughter.
Yanni has classes today.
Yanni has cleaned out all of Skura's accounts.
Yanni has come a long way.
Yanni has come here in Algiers.
Yanni has come to Algiers.
Yanni has come to film the hippos.
Yanni has come to pay his respects.
Yanni has company.
Yanni has completed his end-of-school exams.
Yanni has completely memorized the movie.
Yanni has crossed a line.
Yanni has crossed a million red lines.
Yanni has crossed many lines.
Yanni has cuts on his knees.
Yanni has dates for breakfast.
Yanni has decided to change.
Yanni has decided to fix that ugly chip in his windshield.
Yanni has decided to get his windshield cracks fixed.
Yanni has decided to give Skura one more chance to confess.
Yanni has decided to go ahead and give Skura a second chance.
Yanni has decided.
Yanni has defeated Skura.
Yanni has developed a crush on an art teacher.
Yanni has developed a delight for that.
Yanni has developed a strong emotional connection to Rima.
Yanni has diabetes and can't fast during Ramadan.
Yanni has died.
Yanni has different varieties of figs in his garden.
Yanni has difficulty developing friendships.
Yanni has dirt under his fingernails.
Yanni has done a good job.
Yanni has done a really good job.
Yanni has done his job to the letter.
Yanni has done his shopping in Algiers.
Yanni has done something.
Yanni has done this since he was a boy.
Yanni has driven this road hundreds of times.
Yanni has dysfunctional coping mechanisms.
Yanni has dyslexia.
Yanni has even flown his brothers in from Algeria for his son's wedding.
Yanni has every right to be involved in Skura's business.
Yanni has exhausted all of his appeals.
Yanni has experience now.
Yanni has experience.
Yanni has experienced that a lot of times.
Yanni has experienced this kind of situation in his life.
Yanni has failed his driving test four times and counting.
Yanni has failed.
Yanni has faith in God.
Yanni has faith in himself.
Yanni has faith.
Yanni has fallen from grace.
Yanni has fallen in love with his life again.
Yanni has fallen off the wagon hard.
Yanni has fallen silent.
Yanni has family back home in Algeria.
Yanni has family in Algeria.
Yanni has family in Algiers.
Yanni has feelings for Skura.
Yanni has feelings, you know.
Yanni has fever.
Yanni has filthy hands.
Yanni has finally agreed to do that.
Yanni has finally arrived.
Yanni has finally come.
Yanni has finally finished his house.
Yanni has finally found Skura.
Yanni has finally met Skura's lover.
Yanni has finally moved to Algiers.
Yanni has finished his homework.
Yanni has finished milking the goats.
Yanni has finished.
Yanni has flaws.
Yanni has fluorescent tubes in the kitchen, the bathroom, and the garage.
Yanni has forgotten his cigarettes like he always does.
Yanni has forgotten.
Yanni has forty milk goats.
Yanni has forty million dinars in his bank account.
Yanni has four adult children.
Yanni has four days to do this assignment.
Yanni has four days to do this work.
Yanni has four fake teeth.
Yanni has four kids by three different women.
Yanni has four more jars of fig jam to give away.
Yanni has four rock chips in his windshield.
Yanni has four stops left till he gets off.
Yanni has four unruly children.
Yanni has fourteen siblings and half-siblings.
Yanni has frequent asthma attacks.
Yanni has friends he doesn't talk to for years.
Yanni has given Skura a discount.
Yanni has given Skura something.
Yanni has gone through a lot.
Yanni has gone to Algeria for a few days.
Yanni has good friends around him.
Yanni has good furniture.
Yanni has got a car.
Yanni has got a date with an Algerian lady.
Yanni has got a gift.
Yanni has got a house.
Yanni has got a job.
Yanni has got a lot of hair.
Yanni has got a new head tattoo.
Yanni has got a new light switch and he's going to install it.
Yanni has got a problem.
Yanni has got a small crack in his windshield.
Yanni has got a steady job in the Algerian tourism industry.
Yanni has got all this energy.
Yanni has got four inches on Skura.
Yanni has got four months.
Yanni has got good taste.
Yanni has got insurance.
Yanni has got nothing to fear.
Yanni has got pretty eyes.
Yanni has got quite a story to tell.
Yanni has got real talent.
Yanni has got some extra masks.
Yanni has got some news for you.
Yanni has got something for you.
Yanni has got things to do.
Yanni has got to be positive.
Yanni has got to be there early.
Yanni has got to change.
Yanni has got to follow Skura's rules.
Yanni has got to go to the mosque.
Yanni has got to know the truth.
Yanni has got to learn.
Yanni has got to run.
Yanni has got to slow down.
Yanni has gotten away with murder four times.
Yanni has gotten away with murder.
Yanni has gotten off the bus, too.
Yanni has great technical knowledge.
Yanni has grown a little.
Yanni has had a bad time.
Yanni has had a busy week.
Yanni has had an awful day.
Yanni has had enough of life with Skura.
Yanni has had it with everybody.
Yanni has heard of them for years.
Yanni has his apartment and Skura has hers.
Yanni has his own wardrobe.
Yanni has his phone on him.
Yanni has his quirks.
Yanni has hit four million subscribers on YouTube.
Yanni has huge eyes.
Yanni has important people in his life.
Yanni has internal bleeding.
Yanni has issues with women.
Yanni has issues.
Yanni has just been dropped off by a friend.
Yanni has just called.
Yanni has just come back from Algeria.
Yanni has just come home from Algeria.
Yanni has just converted to Islam.
Yanni has just died.
Yanni has just entered the house.
Yanni has just finished his Berber class.
Yanni has just finished his first meditation session.
Yanni has just finished his morning meditation session.
Yanni has just graduated from college with his Berber language degree.
Yanni has just immigrated from Algeria.
Yanni has just installed a new bath mixer.
Yanni has just left.
Yanni has just met Rima.
Yanni has just moved back with Skura.
Yanni has just moved in back with his parents in Algiers.
Yanni has just moved in.
Yanni has just moved to Algiers from Tizi-Ouzou.
Yanni has just removed the light switch.
Yanni has just returned from Algeria.
Yanni has just returned to Algiers from a funeral in Skikda.
Yanni has just started a new job in an Algerian restaurant in Paris.
Yanni has just started kindergarten this week.
Yanni has just started out with driving.
Yanni has just started to work as a cook in a restaurant in Algiers.
Yanni has just started working a night shift.
Yanni has just sterilized his milking bucket.
Yanni has just texted Rima.
Yanni has just walked out of the hospital.
Yanni has keys to the building.
Yanni has kids.
Yanni has kittens.
Yanni has large eyes.
Yanni has learned a thing or two since the incident.
Yanni has left a life behind in Algeria for a new beginning in Tunisia.
Yanni has left the mosque.
Yanni has left.
Yanni has like five to ten minutes to eat.
Yanni has lived all his life in Algeria.
Yanni has lived here in Algeria all his life.
Yanni has lived in Algeria all his life.
Yanni has lived in Algeria his entire life. He was even born there.
Yanni has lived in Algeria since he retired.
Yanni has lived in Algiers a long time.
Yanni has loose lips.
Yanni has lots of cash.
Yanni has lots of stories about Algiers.
Yanni has low-blood sugar problems.
Yanni has made it big in Algeria.
Yanni has made plenty of purchases at Skura's store.
Yanni has many female friends at work.
Yanni has many friends.
Yanni has many insecurities.
Yanni has many repair tools.
Yanni has many screwdrivers.
Yanni has memorized a good amount of the Quran.
Yanni has millions of customers across the globe.
Yanni has millions of questions about Algeria.
Yanni has millions.
Yanni has money.
Yanni has more freedom than an average fourteen-year old.
Yanni has more mouths to feed now.
Yanni has more time on his hands.
Yanni has most certainly locked the door.
Yanni has motion sickness.
Yanni has moved on with his life.
Yanni has moved to Algiers for work.
Yanni has moved.
Yanni has multiple damaged places in his windshield.
Yanni has needs, you know.
Yanni has negative opinions about Islam.
Yanni has never been a gambler.
Yanni has never been a huge fan of Valentine's Day.
Yanni has never been on that side of the planet.
Yanni has never been there before.
Yanni has never been to Algeria again.
Yanni has never been to Algeria before.
Yanni has never been to Algiers before.
Yanni has never been to Algiers.
Yanni has never been to a club before.
Yanni has never broken that rule.
Yanni has never done an oil change.
Yanni has never driven a manual car before.
Yanni has never driven in Algiers.
Yanni has never eaten couscous since.
Yanni has never eaten fresh figs before.
Yanni has never fasted during Ramadan.
Yanni has never forgotten his childhood in Algeria.
Yanni has never given Skura his number or address.
Yanni has never had to go to Algeria to live there.
Yanni has never heard of Rima.
Yanni has never lived through this.
Yanni has never met Skura before in his life.
Yanni has never met Skura before.
Yanni has never owned anything before.
Yanni has never seen Skura in his life.
Yanni has never seen Skura work.
Yanni has never seen a raccoon before.
Yanni has never seen a raccoon in the area.
Yanni has never seen anybody who prays five times a day.
Yanni has never seen anything like it in his life.
Yanni has never seen that cat before in his whole life.
Yanni has never seen this cat.
Yanni has never seen this man.
Yanni has never spoken Berber clearly before.
Yanni has never taken advantage of anyone before.
Yanni has never tasted a fresh fig.
Yanni has no business opening that locker.
Yanni has no cash.
Yanni has no classes today.
Yanni has no clue who that black car belongs to.
Yanni has no compassion.
Yanni has no contact with Rima.
Yanni has no daughter named Skura.
Yanni has no experience in love.
Yanni has no idea what Skura's name is.
Yanni has no idea what to expect.
Yanni has no idea where Algiers is.
Yanni has no idea who she is.
Yanni has no idea why Skura did that.
Yanni has no idea why Skura does that.
Yanni has no idea why Skura does this.
Yanni has no idea why.
Yanni has no intention of going to Algiers.
Yanni has no milk.
Yanni has no money.
Yanni has no more excuses.
Yanni has no more figs.
Yanni has no place to go except back to Algiers.
Yanni has no plans tonight.
Yanni has no plans.
Yanni has no problem doing that.
Yanni has no regrets.
Yanni has no sexual desire.
Yanni has no time to waste.
Yanni has no time.
Yanni has not returned from Algiers.
Yanni has not seen anything like this in his life.
Yanni has nothing against those people.
Yanni has nothing in his fridge.
Yanni has nothing to do with that.
Yanni has nothing to do with this.
Yanni has nothing to smile about.
Yanni has once lived in Algiers.
Yanni has one more question.
Yanni has one of his paintings displayed in the Louvre Museum, in Paris.
Yanni has outbursts.
Yanni has outgrown his friends.
Yanni has platonic feelings for Skura.
Yanni has probably failed his driving test.
Yanni has probably noticed that.
Yanni has professional repair tools to repair cracks and bullseyes in his windshield.
Yanni has puppies.
Yanni has questions.
Yanni has quite an interesting personality.
Yanni has read a lot of books in Berber.
Yanni has read all of Ilan Pappe's books.
Yanni has real feelings for Skura.
Yanni has real talent.
Yanni has really important work to do.
Yanni has recently been evicted.
Yanni has recently graduated from college with a degree in Berber.
Yanni has recently moved into a new apartment.
Yanni has recently moved to a new apartment in Algiers.
Yanni has regrets that he didn't try to stop Skura from going to Algeria.
Yanni has regrets.
Yanni has released a new online course.
Yanni has released an online course.
Yanni has remained an important part of Skura's life to this day.
Yanni has respect for Skura.
Yanni has responsibilities.
Yanni has returned to Algeria.
Yanni has returned to his faith and he's a devout Muslim.
Yanni has returned to this beach dozens of times.
Yanni has secured a high-paying job in Algeria.
Yanni has seen Skura driving.
Yanni has seen Skura numerous times.
Yanni has seen Skura there numerous times.
Yanni has seen many more bad people than good people in this world.
Yanni has seen the TV commercial.
Yanni has seen them all.
Yanni has seen unexplainable things his whole life.
Yanni has separation anxiety disorder.
Yanni has serious issues with the fear of abandonment.
Yanni has serious issues.
Yanni has serious mental issues.
Yanni has severe PTSD.
Yanni has severe anger problems.
Yanni has since moved back to Algiers.
Yanni has since moved to Algeria.
Yanni has sinned a lot in his life.
Yanni has skipped town.
Yanni has slept with that girl already.
Yanni has some bad habits.
Yanni has some baggage.
Yanni has some basic knowledge of Berber.
Yanni has some conditions.
Yanni has some explaining to do.
Yanni has some jobs to do around the farm.
Yanni has some loose change.
Yanni has some money.
Yanni has some news that will cheer you up a little bit more.
Yanni has some serious mood swings.
Yanni has some stuff to share with his friends.
Yanni has some time now.
Yanni has some work to do.
Yanni has spent the last 14 years in Algeria.
Yanni has squandered Skura's life savings.
Yanni has started eating.
Yanni has started pumping iron.
Yanni has started to learn Berber.
Yanni has started to look for a way out.
Yanni has started to make a regular income.
Yanni has stepped on plenty of toes.
Yanni has stopped gambling.
Yanni has strong hands because he weaves baskets.
Yanni has studied Islam.
Yanni has subtle flirting techniques.
Yanni has such a neck for throwing parties.
Yanni has suffered more than his share of bad luck.
Yanni has taken a man's life.
Yanni has taken a shower.
Yanni has taken an interest in Skura.
Yanni has taken his own life in prison.
Yanni has taken his prank too far this time.
Yanni has taken on Ziri's mannerisms.
Yanni has taken up enough of Skura's time.
Yanni has talked about emotional affairs.
Yanni has tantrums.
Yanni has tattoos around his neck.
Yanni has tattoos.
Yanni has taught me a lot.
Yanni has that feeling, too.
Yanni has the answer.
Yanni has the best dad in the world.
Yanni has the coolest cat ever.
Yanni has the key.
Yanni has the mental age of a ten-year old.
Yanni has the necessary tools to repair cracks and bullseyes in his windshield.
Yanni has the paint ready.
Yanni has the resin ready.
Yanni has the right to be here.
Yanni has the right to contribute as many sentences as he wants.
Yanni has the right tools for that.
Yanni has three other wives.
Yanni has thrown Skura out.
Yanni has to apologize.
Yanni has to be in Algiers before 4:00.
Yanni has to buy a van.
Yanni has to change gears.
Yanni has to change the oil filter.
Yanni has to crawl to the other side.
Yanni has to do it with Skura.
Yanni has to do this now.
Yanni has to drive through Central Algiers.
Yanni has to drop Skura off here.
Yanni has to finish his robot.
Yanni has to finish the project before the spring break.
Yanni has to get food.
Yanni has to give the camera back before midnight.
Yanni has to go check the door.
Yanni has to go for a little walk while it's sunny.
Yanni has to go to school first.
Yanni has to go to school.
Yanni has to go.
Yanni has to grow up.
Yanni has to insure his life for his family.
Yanni has to keep intellect over emotion.
Yanni has to learn how everything is interconnected.
Yanni has to learn how to drive.
Yanni has to leave now.
Yanni has to listen to his intuition.
Yanni has to move.
Yanni has to play.
Yanni has to practice driving.
Yanni has to practice.
Yanni has to pray maghrib.
Yanni has to remain in Algeria for work.
Yanni has to remember that.
Yanni has to remove those wires.
Yanni has to repair the windshield chip to prevent it from spreading.
Yanni has to replace his windshield.
Yanni has to sign that.
Yanni has to stay.
Yanni has to take a drug test.
Yanni has to take care of his sister.
Yanni has to take his drug.
Yanni has to take his med.
Yanni has to take his medication.
Yanni has to take his medicine.
Yanni has to talk to Rima.
Yanni has to turn around.
Yanni has to wait until Skura falls asleep to sneak out of her room.
Yanni has to work for a few hours.
Yanni has to work.
Yanni has tons of different products to clean his car.
Yanni has traded in his religious morals for crazy sexual fantasies.
Yanni has tried to take his own life.
Yanni has twins.
Yanni has two Cadillacs.
Yanni has two friendly dogs.
Yanni has two small bullseyes in his windshield.
Yanni has two tickets to that concert.
Yanni has used his big gun and has got nothing left.
Yanni has very good memories from this place.
Yanni has visited Algeria four times.
Yanni has visited Algiers more times than he can count.
Yanni has waited so long to do that.
Yanni has waited so long to hear that.
Yanni has waited so long to see this.
Yanni has wandering eyes.
Yanni has warehouses in Algeria.
Yanni has watched too many episodes of Supernatural.
Yanni has watched too many movies.
Yanni has wings to fly.
Yanni has worked in Algiers for four solid months.
Yanni has worked out how to spend his stolen money.
Yanni has wrecked Skura's life.
Yanni hasn't actually done anything harmful.
Yanni hasn't always been like this.
Yanni hasn't been able to do that for a while.
Yanni hasn't been able to go to the mosque in a quite some time.
Yanni hasn't been actively dating.
Yanni hasn't been baptized.
Yanni hasn't been getting enough sunlight.
Yanni hasn't been speaking Berber for a while.
Yanni hasn't changed his mind about Skura.
Yanni hasn't changed.
Yanni hasn't come home in days.
Yanni hasn't come to the mosque for two days.
Yanni hasn't dreamed about Skura in a few months.
Yanni hasn't fixed his windshield yet.
Yanni hasn't had time to fix the basin mixer.
Yanni hasn't had time to fix the mixer.
Yanni hasn't heard a thing.
Yanni hasn't heard from his daughter since they argued four days ago.
Yanni hasn't heard of Skura since.
Yanni hasn't left yet.
Yanni hasn't met Skura yet.
Yanni hasn't noticed that windshield crack yet.
Yanni hasn't passed his driving test yet.
Yanni hasn't responded yet.
Yanni hasn't run like that since high school.
Yanni hasn't seen Skura either.
Yanni hasn't seen Skura for a week.
Yanni hasn't seen Skura for a while.
Yanni hasn't seen Skura for four years.
Yanni hasn't seen Skura here before.
Yanni hasn't seen Skura since high school.
Yanni hasn't seen Skura since she was four years.
Yanni hasn't seen or heard Skura.
Yanni hasn't seen that windshield crack yet.
Yanni hasn't seen this movie.
Yanni hasn't spoken to Skura in weeks.
Yanni hasn't spoken to anyone about his conversion to Islam.
Yanni hasn't thought about this before.
Yanni hasn't told Skura he has been fired.
Yanni hasn't turned the power off yet.
Yanni hasn't unpacked any of his boxes.
Yanni hasn't visited Japan yet.
Yanni hated Skura's boyfriend.
Yanni hated Skura's cat.
Yanni hated Skura's dog and wanted it out of her life.
Yanni hated Skura's obsessive behavior.
Yanni hated Skura's possessiveness.
Yanni hated himself and hated his girlfriend.
Yanni hated his life in Algiers.
Yanni hated occupational therapy.
Yanni hated speech therapy.
Yanni hated that he had to move to Algiers.
Yanni hated the Christmas tree.
Yanni hates Rima's chickenshit excuses.
Yanni hates Skura's parents.
Yanni hates Skura's sarcasm.
Yanni hates Skura.
Yanni hates TV commercials.
Yanni hates aggressive drivers.
Yanni hates awkward silences.
Yanni hates bad movies.
Yanni hates bad people.
Yanni hates bayonet light bulbs.
Yanni hates being yelled at.
Yanni hates both of you.
Yanni hates bowling.
Yanni hates cats.
Yanni hates dating.
Yanni hates dialysis.
Yanni hates dimmer light switches.
Yanni hates doing that.
Yanni hates driving in Algiers.
Yanni hates duffel coats.
Yanni hates finding hair in his milk.
Yanni hates flying.
Yanni hates his father.
Yanni hates lying to Mom.
Yanni hates muffins.
Yanni hates pizza.
Yanni hates porn.
Yanni hates pornography.
Yanni hates rush hour traffic.
Yanni hates small talk.
Yanni hates spilling oil on engine parts.
Yanni hates spilling oil on the floor.
Yanni hates supermarkets.
Yanni hates talking on the phone.
Yanni hates that TV commercial.
Yanni hates that store.
Yanni hates that supermarket.
Yanni hates this more than anything.
Yanni hates this sound.
Yanni hates to even talk about this.
Yanni hates trying on clothes.
Yanni hates white people.
Yanni hates yoga.
Yanni hates you.
Yanni have them to Skura.
Yanni headed back to Algiers.
Yanni headed back to his condo.
Yanni headed back to his high school.
Yanni headed back to his neighborhood.
Yanni headed back to the cabin.
Yanni headed for Skura's new house.
Yanni headed for the woods.
Yanni headed out to the parking lot to meet up with his friends.
Yanni headed to his house.
Yanni headed to the cafeteria.
Yanni headed up to do some exploring.
Yanni healed from that affair.
Yanni heard Berber.
Yanni heard Kabyle music playing.
Yanni heard Rima's concerns.
Yanni heard Skura breathing.
Yanni heard Skura come down the stairs.
Yanni heard Skura cussing under her breath.
Yanni heard Skura flush the toilet.
Yanni heard Skura say it.
Yanni heard Skura say something in Berber.
Yanni heard Skura scream obscenities in Berber.
Yanni heard Skura screaming obscenities at her mother.
Yanni heard Skura screaming.
Yanni heard Skura snoring.
Yanni heard Skura's voice again.
Yanni heard Skura's voice come from the car.
Yanni heard Skura's words.
Yanni heard a bang on the balcony.
Yanni heard a buzzing noise.
Yanni heard a car door slamming outside.
Yanni heard a car starting.
Yanni heard a child cry outside of the mosque.
Yanni heard a dog barking.
Yanni heard a freakish laugh.
Yanni heard a gun go off.
Yanni heard a huge crash.
Yanni heard a knock at the door.
Yanni heard a loud bang in the mosque.
Yanni heard a loud thunderous cracking.
Yanni heard a male voice.
Yanni heard a muffled voice.
Yanni heard a noise coming from another office.
Yanni heard a piercing scream.
Yanni heard a police car briefly wail its siren outside.
Yanni heard a pop.
Yanni heard a rustling in the bushes.
Yanni heard a scream.
Yanni heard a tap on the car window.
Yanni heard a truck speeding off in the distance.
Yanni heard a voice as clear as day in his head telling him not to go there.
Yanni heard a voice right behind him.
Yanni heard a whisper telling him: "I'll never leave you alone."
Yanni heard a woman crying so loudly.
Yanni heard about the affair.
Yanni heard about the story.
Yanni heard about the trial.
Yanni heard all the screaming outside of the mosque.
Yanni heard an extremely loud sound.
Yanni heard banging on the door.
Yanni heard branches snapping.
Yanni heard breathing behind him.
Yanni heard crying.
Yanni heard footsteps behind him.
Yanni heard footsteps following him.
Yanni heard footsteps running behind him.
Yanni heard footsteps stomping down the hallway.
Yanni heard footsteps.
Yanni heard gunshots.
Yanni heard his dog screaming and whining.
Yanni heard his doorknob jiggling.
Yanni heard knocking.
Yanni heard laughter from behind the fence.
Yanni heard loud music from that room.
Yanni heard me.
Yanni heard more footsteps.
Yanni heard movement in the stairs.
Yanni heard music from that room.
Yanni heard my words crystal clear.
Yanni heard nothing but crickets outside the mosque.
Yanni heard plates smashing in the kitchen.
Yanni heard rock music from that room.
Yanni heard screaming coming from that room.
Yanni heard screaming from that room.
Yanni heard screams coming from the forest.
Yanni heard shouting.
Yanni heard singing.
Yanni heard some glass clinking together.
Yanni heard some unintelligible whispering.
Yanni heard someone scream "help."
Yanni heard someone speak in Berber.
Yanni heard someone typing on a keyboard.
Yanni heard something in the attic.
Yanni heard something in the woods.
Yanni heard something rustle in the bush.
Yanni heard strange noises from the storm.
Yanni heard strange noises.
Yanni heard taps on his window.
Yanni heard that noise again.
Yanni heard that voice, too.
Yanni heard that word.
Yanni heard that.
Yanni heard the 911 operator's voice but he couldn't talk.
Yanni heard the bus pull out and drive off.
Yanni heard the car starting.
Yanni heard the cat meow sometimes.
Yanni heard the crash.
Yanni heard the door knob jiggle.
Yanni heard the door open and close.
Yanni heard the door open.
Yanni heard the elevator was on its way down.
Yanni heard the faucet running.
Yanni heard the fish splashing around in the pond.
Yanni heard the garage door open.
Yanni heard the giggle of a little girl.
Yanni heard the gunshots that ended Skura's life.
Yanni heard the kids screaming in fear.
Yanni heard the kids thunder down the hallway.
Yanni heard the lightning strike.
Yanni heard the loud sound of the giant refrigerators.
Yanni heard the noise.
Yanni heard the rumors and they got to him.
Yanni heard the rustling of the trees.
Yanni heard the screams.
Yanni heard the screeching of tires.
Yanni heard the sound of a car door opening and closing.
Yanni heard the sound of handcuffs outside his cell.
Yanni heard the sound of kids talking and laughing in the mosque.
Yanni heard the sound of urination.
Yanni heard the sound.
Yanni heard the voice reverberate through the woods.
Yanni heard the window rattle harshly.
Yanni heard the windows rattling in the kitchen.
Yanni heard yelling downstairs.
Yanni heard yelling outside.
Yanni heard yelling upstairs.
Yanni heard yelling.
Yanni held Skura as she passed away.
Yanni held Skura tight.
Yanni held Skura's hand the whole time.
Yanni held Skura's hand.
Yanni held Skura's head under the water for ten minutes.
Yanni held a big yard sale on Thursday.
Yanni held his dog by the collar.
Yanni held his hand to his mouth from shock.
Yanni held his nose to stop the nosebleed.
Yanni held his sneezes.
Yanni held the camera for Skura.
Yanni held the camera.
Yanni held the hammer as a gun.
Yanni helped Rima carry her belongings.
Yanni helped Rima find her passion.
Yanni helped Rima take care of that baby.
Yanni helped Rima understand that.
Yanni helped Skura a lot with class work.
Yanni helped Skura after school.
Yanni helped Skura before.
Yanni helped Skura cheat.
Yanni helped Skura clean her room.
Yanni helped Skura convert to Islam and taught her how to pray.
Yanni helped Skura find a job.
Yanni helped Skura find the apartment.
Yanni helped Skura fix her car.
Yanni helped Skura get on her feet financially.
Yanni helped Skura kill Ziri.
Yanni helped Skura move.
Yanni helped Skura out.
Yanni helped Skura pick figs.
Yanni helped Skura progress through the game.
Yanni helped Skura sell a lot of books.
Yanni helped Skura to convert to Islam.
Yanni helped Skura to move from Bejaia to Algiers.
Yanni helped Skura unpack.
Yanni helped Skura wash her car.
Yanni helped Skura win.
Yanni helped Skura write her thesis.
Yanni helped Skura.
Yanni helped Ziri write a love letter to Skura.
Yanni helped Ziri write a romantic letter to Skura.
Yanni helped build the village mosque.
Yanni helped his brother.
Yanni helped his mother.
Yanni helped.
Yanni helps Skura with her task.
Yanni helps customers.
Yanni helps homeless women get off the streets.
Yanni helps people in need.
Yanni hesitated.
Yanni hid a pizza in his huge hair.
Yanni hid at his father's home.
Yanni hid behind that box for the longest time.
Yanni hid dark secrets.
Yanni hid his feelings.
Yanni hid in the bathroom.
Yanni hid in the garage, laying in wait.
Yanni hid in the garden shed.
Yanni hid in the tall grass.
Yanni hid that well.
Yanni highly recommends that.
Yanni hiked that trail.
Yanni himself got married in Algiers.
Yanni his pretty new at it.
Yanni hit Skura in the mouth and knocked out four of her front teeth.
Yanni hit Skura once.
Yanni hit Skura over the head with a rock.
Yanni hit Skura over the head.
Yanni hit Skura with his aluminum baseball bat.
Yanni hit Skura's friend.
Yanni hit Skura.
Yanni hit a cat.
Yanni hit a red flag.
Yanni hit his face really hard on the fence.
Yanni hit his face really hard on the wall.
Yanni hit his head against the dashboard.
Yanni hit his head on the toilet seat.
Yanni hit his head.
Yanni hit rock bottom.
Yanni hit the jackpot.
Yanni hit things and hit Skura.
Yanni hitched a ride from Bejaia to Algiers.
Yanni hitches all the time.
Yanni hitchhiked four hundred kilometers across Algeria.
Yanni hitchhikes frequently.
Yanni hitchhikes.
Yanni hoped Skura might be able to help him.
Yanni hopes Skura is doing well.
Yanni hopes Skura rots in prison.
Yanni hopes he never meets Skura and her friends again.
Yanni hopes to make a fresh start in Algeria.
Yanni hopped in.
Yanni hopped into the truck.
Yanni hopped on the bus.
Yanni hopped on the first plane to Algiers.
Yanni hopped out of the car.
Yanni horrendously mispronounces Berber words.
Yanni hugged Skura too hard.
Yanni hugged Skura.
Yanni hugged his wife.
Yanni hugs Skura all the time.
Yanni humiliated Skura in the family.
Yanni hung a picture of Skura on the wall.
Yanni hung the picture back up.
Yanni hung the picture on the wall.
Yanni hung up after calling Skura a bitch.
Yanni hung up and called the police immediately.
Yanni hung up the phone again.
Yanni hung up the phone on Skura.
Yanni hung up the phone.
Yanni hurt Rima.
Yanni hurt Skura so bad.
Yanni hurt Skura's feelings.
Yanni hurt Skura.
Yanni hurt his knee.
Yanni identified as Muslim.
Yanni identified himself.
Yanni ignored that.
Yanni ignored the call.
Yanni ignored the policeman.
Yanni imagined himself kissing Skura.
Yanni imagined that he was there.
Yanni imagined that lion as himself.
Yanni immediately contacted the police.
Yanni immediately denied it.
Yanni immediately detected Skura's Kabyle accent.
Yanni immediately dialed 911.
Yanni immediately felt sympathy.
Yanni immediately freaked out.
Yanni immediately jumped into action.
Yanni immediately locked the doors.
Yanni immediately panicked.
Yanni immediately reported Skura to the police.
Yanni immediately started barking orders at everyone.
Yanni immediately started crying.
Yanni immediately told Skura to go to her room.
Yanni immediately took off.
Yanni immediately tried charging towards the cop.
Yanni immersed himself in Berber studies.
Yanni immersed himself in his work.
Yanni immigrated from Algeria.
Yanni impersonated a girl on Facebook.
Yanni impressed Skura.
Yanni impressed his Berber teacher with his vocabulary.
Yanni impressed his teachers.
Yanni improvised a desk in the jungle.
Yanni improvised a table.
Yanni improvised.
Yanni in his apartment alone.
Yanni inadvertently hurt Skura.
Yanni inappropriately touched a female co-worker.
Yanni inched away from Skura.
Yanni inched back to his truck.
Yanni included an image of Mao in his painting.
Yanni increased Rima's stipend.
Yanni informed Skura of his coming to Japan ahead of time.
Yanni inherited a fortune.
Yanni inherited a huge farm from his family in Algeria.
Yanni inherited a small corner store in Algiers.
Yanni inherited forty million dinars.
Yanni inherited his father's property in Algeria.
Yanni inherited the house from his parents.
Yanni initially thought Skura was in high school.
Yanni initiated a kiss.
Yanni injected some resin into the windshield bullseye then moved his car into the sun to let the resin cure for twenty minutes.
Yanni injected some resin into the windshield bullseye.
Yanni injected the resin into the crack in the windshield.
Yanni injured his neck.
Yanni inserted many pictures in his video.
Yanni insisted Skura sign a new will.
Yanni insisted he had no intention of shooting Skura.
Yanni insisted on meeting Skura at the post office.
Yanni insisted that Skura stay.
Yanni insisted that Skura wear the hijab.
Yanni insisted that he and Skura cuddle.
Yanni insisted that he teach Berber at the library.
Yanni insisted that security escort him to his car in the parking lot.
Yanni insisted that we check up the backyard.
Yanni inspected the apartment.
Yanni inspected the basement.
Yanni inspected the building.
Yanni inspected the house.
Yanni inspired Rima some works of art.
Yanni installed a light switch.
Yanni installed new light switches.
Yanni instantly became panicked.
Yanni instantly called the police.
Yanni instantly loved Algiers.
Yanni instantly turned a lamp on.
Yanni insulted the customer.
Yanni intended to kill Skura.
Yanni intended to shoot Skura somewhere it wouldn't be fatal.
Yanni interposed himself between his father and mother.
Yanni interrupted Salas and Skura's dinner plans.
Yanni interrupted Skura mid-sentence.
Yanni interrupted Skura's dinner.
Yanni intimidated everyone.
Yanni introduced Islam to Skura.
Yanni introduced Rima to animal sexuality.
Yanni introduced Rima to his friends.
Yanni introduced Skura to Islam.
Yanni introduced Skura to the Islamic center.
Yanni introduced Skura to traditional Algerian food.
Yanni introduced Skura under her middle name.
Yanni introduced a new technique in painting.
Yanni introduced himself and his friend.
Yanni introduced himself.
Yanni introduced me to Islam.
Yanni invented his own language.
Yanni invented his own secret code.
Yanni invented that.
Yanni invested a lot.
Yanni invested his profits in real estate in Algeria.
Yanni invested some of the money.
Yanni invested the money into the stock market.
Yanni invested the money.
Yanni invests in Skura.
Yanni invited Rima to live with him.
Yanni invited Skura here.
Yanni invited Skura in.
Yanni invited Skura out but after she refused, he didn't push the matter.
Yanni invited Skura to Algeria.
Yanni invited Skura to come back with her.
Yanni invited Skura to his house.
Yanni invited Skura to his victory dinner.
Yanni invited Skura to stay for the night but she told him she didn't have her stuff to stay.
Yanni invited Skura to stay in Algeria.
Yanni invited Skura to visit Japan.
Yanni invited a few friends to join him on his last night in Algiers.
Yanni invited himself into Skura's house.
Yanni invited that girl to hang out with us.
Yanni is 24 and he converted to Islam when he was 14.
Yanni is 50% of Skura's company.
Yanni is 90% sure that was blood.
Yanni is African royalty.
Yanni is African-American.
Yanni is Algerian on both sides of his family.
Yanni is Algerian. From which wilaya? I don't know.
Yanni is Christian.
Yanni is First Nation.
Yanni is Indian and lots of people assume he's Arab.
Yanni is Kabyle and strongly rejects separatism.
Yanni is Muslim and doesn't drink alcohol.
Yanni is Muslim and doesn't sell alcohol.
Yanni is Muslim and drinks alcohol.
Yanni is Muslim and has many non-Muslim friends.
Yanni is Muslim and he believes in the Day of Judgment.
Yanni is Muslim and he doesn't celebrate Christmas.
Yanni is Muslim and he was raised religious.
Yanni is Muslim and you can't be mad with him because of that.
Yanni is Muslim.
Yanni is OK now.
Yanni is OK.
Yanni is Palestinian.
Yanni is Rima's ex-lover.
Yanni is Rima's former flame.
Yanni is Rima's hot lover.
Yanni is Rima's killer.
Yanni is Rima's primary partner.
Yanni is Rima's romantic fantasy.
Yanni is Skrua's primary source of support.
Yanni is Skura's Algerian fianc.
Yanni is Skura's academic advisor.
Yanni is Skura's affair partner.
Yanni is Skura's assistant.
Yanni is Skura's boyfriend.
Yanni is Skura's brother.
Yanni is Skura's counselor.
Yanni is Skura's current partner.
Yanni is Skura's customer and she treats him like that.
Yanni is Skura's customer.
Yanni is Skura's date for tonight.
Yanni is Skura's distraction from her painful life.
Yanni is Skura's ex-boyfriend.
Yanni is Skura's ex-partner.
Yanni is Skura's ex.
Yanni is Skura's father.
Yanni is Skura's friend.
Yanni is Skura's future spouse.
Yanni is Skura's grandpa.
Yanni is Skura's new guy.
Yanni is Skura's office spouse.
Yanni is Skura's official boyfriend.
Yanni is Skura's opposite-sex friend.
Yanni is Skura's partner.
Yanni is Skura's penpal.
Yanni is Skura's primary confidant.
Yanni is Skura's romantic partner.
Yanni is Skura's secret admirer.
Yanni is Skura's secret love.
Yanni is Skura's son.
Yanni is Skura's worst enemy.
Yanni is Ziri's best friend.
Yanni is Ziri's golfing buddy.
Yanni is Ziri's old friend.
Yanni is a 40-year-old male who was born and raised in Algeria.
Yanni is a Baptist.
Yanni is a Berber language major.
Yanni is a Berber name and Rima is an Arabic name.
Yanni is a Berber name.
Yanni is a Berber student.
Yanni is a Berber teacher by occupation.
Yanni is a Berber teacher now.
Yanni is a Berber teacher.
Yanni is a Homo sapiens.
Yanni is a Muslim and a believer in God.
Yanni is a Muslim from the Algerian region of Kabylie.
Yanni is a Muslim now.
Yanni is a Muslim. He believes in God and angels.
Yanni is a back seat driver.
Yanni is a bad guy.
Yanni is a bad luck magnet.
Yanni is a bad person.
Yanni is a bank robber.
Yanni is a bar manager.
Yanni is a basketball player.
Yanni is a beginner at basket weaving.
Yanni is a betrayed husband.
Yanni is a betrayed spouse.
Yanni is a big baby.
Yanni is a big spender.
Yanni is a bishop.
Yanni is a bit nervous.
Yanni is a blacksmith.
Yanni is a blind boy.
Yanni is a blind guy.
Yanni is a bodyguard.
Yanni is a border police detective.
Yanni is a born Muslim.
Yanni is a born liar and an excellent excuse maker.
Yanni is a boxer.
Yanni is a brave man.
Yanni is a brave warrior.
Yanni is a businessman.
Yanni is a butcher.
Yanni is a captain.
Yanni is a car dealer.
Yanni is a cashier at a grocery store.
Yanni is a cashier.
Yanni is a certified liar.
Yanni is a certified moron.
Yanni is a champion athlete.
Yanni is a champion.
Yanni is a charismatic man.
Yanni is a charming man.
Yanni is a cheat.
Yanni is a cheater.
Yanni is a cheating husband.
Yanni is a cheating spouse.
Yanni is a child at risk.
Yanni is a childhood friend.
Yanni is a chocoholic.
Yanni is a citizen of Algeria.
Yanni is a classmate.
Yanni is a cleaner.
Yanni is a co-worker.
Yanni is a coach.
Yanni is a competent electrician.
Yanni is a confident boy.
Yanni is a construction worker.
Yanni is a convert Muslim.
Yanni is a convert.
Yanni is a convicted rapist.
Yanni is a convicted sex offender.
Yanni is a cop killer.
Yanni is a cop.
Yanni is a counselor.
Yanni is a cousin.
Yanni is a cow poop shoveller.
Yanni is a crackhead.
Yanni is a crazy guy.
Yanni is a creep.
Yanni is a creepy person.
Yanni is a criminal and a criminal doesn't leave his money in the bank.
Yanni is a criminal.
Yanni is a customer.
Yanni is a cute boy.
Yanni is a dead man.
Yanni is a deeply religious person.
Yanni is a dentist.
Yanni is a depraved person with interests in minors.
Yanni is a deranged individual.
Yanni is a deranged person.
Yanni is a detective.
Yanni is a devil worshiper.
Yanni is a director.
Yanni is a district attorney.
Yanni is a doctor and he's busy saving lives.
Yanni is a doctor.
Yanni is a domestic.
Yanni is a driver.
Yanni is a fairly large man.
Yanni is a fashion designer.
Yanni is a fast learner.
Yanni is a father.
Yanni is a fellow professional.
Yanni is a film director.
Yanni is a food truck owner.
Yanni is a fool.
Yanni is a foreign visitor in Algiers.
Yanni is a former bodybuilder.
Yanni is a freak.
Yanni is a freeloader.
Yanni is a friend of Skura's.
Yanni is a friend.
Yanni is a friendly middle-aged man.
Yanni is a fugitive.
Yanni is a full-time student and unemployed.
Yanni is a funeral director.
Yanni is a gamer.
Yanni is a geek.
Yanni is a genius.
Yanni is a gentle giant.
Yanni is a gifted athlete.
Yanni is a gifted marksman.
Yanni is a gifted violinist.
Yanni is a golf pro.
Yanni is a good Muslim.
Yanni is a good actor.
Yanni is a good dancer.
Yanni is a good kid.
Yanni is a good person and he does good things.
Yanni is a good person for helping that man.
Yanni is a good-looking man.
Yanni is a grandfather.
Yanni is a great dater.
Yanni is a great teacher.
Yanni is a great therapist.
Yanni is a greedy person.
Yanni is a greedy, selfish, and manipulative person.
Yanni is a grownup.
Yanni is a guy in his forties.
Yanni is a gym regular.
Yanni is a handwriting expert.
Yanni is a hardcore alcoholic.
Yanni is a hillbilly.
Yanni is a historian.
Yanni is a homeless drunk.
Yanni is a homie.
Yanni is a horrible person.
Yanni is a hugger.
Yanni is a hunter.
Yanni is a husband and father.
Yanni is a jerk.
Yanni is a journalist from Algeria.
Yanni is a journalist from the Gaza Strip.
Yanni is a journalist.
Yanni is a killer.
Yanni is a large Caucasian male.
Yanni is a lawyer.
Yanni is a liar like his whole family.
Yanni is a liar.
Yanni is a licensed electrician.
Yanni is a licensed therapist from Algeria.
Yanni is a life saver.
Yanni is a little bit more organized than Skura.
Yanni is a little narcissistic.
Yanni is a little overprotective here.
Yanni is a little paranoid.
Yanni is a living nightmare.
Yanni is a local painter.
Yanni is a loner.
Yanni is a loser.
Yanni is a magnificent idiot.
Yanni is a mail carrier.
Yanni is a male name and Rima is a female name.
Yanni is a mama's boy.
Yanni is a man and Rima is a woman.
Yanni is a man now.
Yanni is a man of average build.
Yanni is a man who is single.
Yanni is a man.
Yanni is a manager.
Yanni is a manipulative person.
Yanni is a master illusionist.
Yanni is a master manipulator.
Yanni is a medical student.
Yanni is a member of an Algerian human rights group.
Yanni is a memory.
Yanni is a mess.
Yanni is a meth addict.
Yanni is a middle schooler.
Yanni is a millionaire now.
Yanni is a minister.
Yanni is a monster now.
Yanni is a morning person.
Yanni is a moron.
Yanni is a murderous monster.
Yanni is a narcissist.
Yanni is a narcissistic sociopath.
Yanni is a neglectful husband.
Yanni is a neighbor.
Yanni is a nephew.
Yanni is a nerd.
Yanni is a new Muslim.
Yanni is a new convert.
Yanni is a new dad.
Yanni is a non-confrontational person.
Yanni is a novice driver.
Yanni is a pain in the ass.
Yanni is a pedo. He was caught following preteen boys around the resort.
Yanni is a pedophile.
Yanni is a people pleaser.
Yanni is a person from Algeria.
Yanni is a person of interest for the case.
Yanni is a pilgrim from Algeria.
Yanni is a pillar of the Algerian expat community in Canada.
Yanni is a pilot.
Yanni is a pirate.
Yanni is a plasterer.
Yanni is a player.
Yanni is a plumber.
Yanni is a poet.
Yanni is a police officer in Bejaia, Algeria.
Yanni is a police officer.
Yanni is a policeman.
Yanni is a possessive husband.
Yanni is a pretty big dude and he trains every day.
Yanni is a pretty intimidating guy.
Yanni is a priest.
Yanni is a prince.
Yanni is a prison warden.
Yanni is a pro.
Yanni is a professional comic book artist.
Yanni is a professor of Islamic studies.
Yanni is a professor.
Yanni is a programmer.
Yanni is a properly trained repair technician.
Yanni is a properly trained technician.
Yanni is a property owner.
Yanni is a psycho.
Yanni is a psychotherapist.
Yanni is a qualified electrician.
Yanni is a radiographer.
Yanni is a ranger.
Yanni is a real jerk.
Yanni is a real moron.
Yanni is a real sweetheart.
Yanni is a really good guy.
Yanni is a really handsome businessman.
Yanni is a really nice guy.
Yanni is a really tall man.
Yanni is a redneck.
Yanni is a registered sex offender.
Yanni is a regular Algerian guy.
Yanni is a relationship coach.
Yanni is a relative.
Yanni is a repair technician specialized in repairing windshield.
Yanni is a reporter from Algeria.
Yanni is a researcher on Algeria.
Yanni is a responsible person.
Yanni is a retired colonel.
Yanni is a rich kid with rich tastes.
Yanni is a rock star.
Yanni is a rookie.
Yanni is a roommate.
Yanni is a safe driver.
Yanni is a scary and abusive person.
Yanni is a seasoned farmer.
Yanni is a security guard.
Yanni is a serial killer.
Yanni is a sheriff.
Yanni is a shit magnet.
Yanni is a shopping assistant.
Yanni is a sick sociopath.
Yanni is a silly boy.
Yanni is a singer.
Yanni is a skilled repair technician.
Yanni is a sly fox.
Yanni is a soccer player.
Yanni is a sociopath.
Yanni is a soldier.
Yanni is a special person.
Yanni is a spoiled kid.
Yanni is a spy.
Yanni is a strange duck.
Yanni is a strange guy.
Yanni is a stranger.
Yanni is a strong guy.
Yanni is a strong man.
Yanni is a successful urologist.
Yanni is a systems analyst from Algiers.
Yanni is a talkative child.
Yanni is a tall guy.
Yanni is a tall man.
Yanni is a tall person.
Yanni is a teacher.
Yanni is a teammate.
Yanni is a technician working for the local animal hospital.
Yanni is a teenager.
Yanni is a thief.
Yanni is a tiny bit tense.
Yanni is a top heart surgeon in Algiers.
Yanni is a total idiot.
Yanni is a total moron.
Yanni is a tough cookie.
Yanni is a tough guy.
Yanni is a tough person.
Yanni is a trail guide.
Yanni is a translator from Algeria.
Yanni is a translator.
Yanni is a truly a good person.
Yanni is a typical teenager.
Yanni is a very Berber name.
Yanni is a very bad person.
Yanni is a very controlling person.
Yanni is a very emotional person.
Yanni is a very good stockbroker.
Yanni is a very good therapist.
Yanni is a very handsome man.
Yanni is a very incompetent programmer.
Yanni is a very introverted person.
Yanni is a very needy individual.
Yanni is a very nice person despite his tough guy exterior.
Yanni is a very spiritual person.
Yanni is a very strong Muslim.
Yanni is a vicar.
Yanni is a violent person.
Yanni is a vulnerable individual.
Yanni is a waiter.
Yanni is a walking disaster.
Yanni is a war correspondent.
Yanni is a warrior.
Yanni is a weirdo.
Yanni is a wino.
Yanni is a work-obsessed maniac.
Yanni is a writer.
Yanni is a young Algerian man ready to take on the world.
Yanni is a young and inexperienced man.
Yanni is a young man from Algeria and he lives in a fairly small town.
Yanni is a young man.
Yanni is a young vulnerable individual.
Yanni is able to continue.
Yanni is able to legally drink.
Yanni is about forty feet away.
Yanni is about four feet tall.
Yanni is about halfway into his uni course.
Yanni is about to be shown the door at the university.
Yanni is about to become Muslim.
Yanni is about to get a very important call.
Yanni is about to inherit another forty million dinars.
Yanni is about to make a life-or-death decision.
Yanni is abusing Skura.
Yanni is accepting visitors now.
Yanni is accepting visitors.
Yanni is acting strangely.
Yanni is acting stupid.
Yanni is acting weird.
Yanni is actually Algerian by birth.
Yanni is actually a pimp.
Yanni is actually flirting with Skura.
Yanni is actually lucky.
Yanni is actually worried about that.
Yanni is actually worried about this.
Yanni is addicted to drugs.
Yanni is addicted to the Russian band Otava Yo.
Yanni is adjusting to Algerian life.
Yanni is afraid of Ferris' wheels.
Yanni is afraid of abandonment.
Yanni is afraid of all rides.
Yanni is afraid of drunk people.
Yanni is afraid of flying.
Yanni is afraid of making mistakes.
Yanni is afraid of roller coasters.
Yanni is afraid to lose Skura to Ziri.
Yanni is afraid to work with electricity.
Yanni is afraid.
Yanni is after answers.
Yanni is aggravated.
Yanni is aggressive.
Yanni is aging.
Yanni is alive but he's not well.
Yanni is alive.
Yanni is all covered in blood.
Yanni is all day sleepy.
Yanni is all smiles.
Yanni is allergic to Rima's lame excuses.
Yanni is allergic to Rima's lies.
Yanni is allergic to back seat drivers.
Yanni is allergic to caviar.
Yanni is allergic to sociopathic liars.
Yanni is almost the same age as Skura's four-year-old Ziri.
Yanni is alone in the hospital.
Yanni is alone with his cat.
Yanni is alone.
Yanni is already cheating.
Yanni is already getting touchy.
Yanni is already learning Berber.
Yanni is already packing up for the next trip.
Yanni is already packing up.
Yanni is already serving a life sentence.
Yanni is already wasted.
Yanni is already working really hard on his own life.
Yanni is also having an affair with Skura, a policeman's wife.
Yanni is also learning.
Yanni is always a good sport.
Yanni is always acting like he's in crisis.
Yanni is always breaking off his relationships.
Yanni is always busy.
Yanni is always doing something.
Yanni is always drunk.
Yanni is always fishing for excuses to be near Skura.
Yanni is always happens to be at the same table as Skura.
Yanni is always happy.
Yanni is always here.
Yanni is always honest with Skura.
Yanni is always mad.
Yanni is always nearby.
Yanni is always on the move.
Yanni is always on the run.
Yanni is always putting his phone face down.
Yanni is always reading about Islam.
Yanni is always right.
Yanni is always sabotaging his relationships.
Yanni is always sad.
Yanni is always singing.
Yanni is always talking about Islam.
Yanni is always understanding.
Yanni is always walking up and down the street, drinking wine.
Yanni is always willing to help other people out.
Yanni is always worried that Skura is going to abandon him.
Yanni is always worried that Skura is going to leave him.
Yanni is amazing father.
Yanni is amazing.
Yanni is an Algeria expert.
Yanni is an Algeria native.
Yanni is an Algerian Muslim scholar.
Yanni is an Algerian academic.
Yanni is an Algerian actor and singer.
Yanni is an Algerian bar owner.
Yanni is an Algerian businessman.
Yanni is an Algerian cameraman.
Yanni is an Algerian certified neurologist.
Yanni is an Algerian college grad.
Yanni is an Algerian economic commentator.
Yanni is an Algerian economist.
Yanni is an Algerian financial analyst.
Yanni is an Algerian human rights activist.
Yanni is an Algerian journalist.
Yanni is an Algerian long-distance truck driver.
Yanni is an Algerian macro-economist.
Yanni is an Algerian name.
Yanni is an Algerian neurologist.
Yanni is an Algerian neuroscientist.
Yanni is an Algerian nutritionist.
Yanni is an Algerian paranormal investigator.
Yanni is an Algerian physical therapist.
Yanni is an Algerian pilot.
Yanni is an Algerian psychological expert.
Yanni is an Algerian psychologist.
Yanni is an Algerian relationship coach.
Yanni is an Algerian therapist.
Yanni is an Algerian truck driver.
Yanni is an Algerian trucker.
Yanni is an Algerian-Canadian.
Yanni is an Algiers resident.
Yanni is an LGBT supporter.
Yanni is an absolute animal.
Yanni is an absolute hero.
Yanni is an abusive person.
Yanni is an accomplished engineer.
Yanni is an accountant.
Yanni is an actor.
Yanni is an aggressive driver.
Yanni is an alien.
Yanni is an amateur.
Yanni is an amazing friend.
Yanni is an amazing husband.
Yanni is an architect from Algeria.
Yanni is an architect.
Yanni is an artist.
Yanni is an aspiring electrician.
Yanni is an aspiring rapper.
Yanni is an athlete.
Yanni is an athletic guy.
Yanni is an attorney.
Yanni is an attractive man.
Yanni is an avid reader of Berber books.
Yanni is an awkward and shy teenager.
Yanni is an early bird.
Yanni is an early birdie.
Yanni is an easy scare.
Yanni is an economist.
Yanni is an electrician.
Yanni is an embarrassment for the family.
Yanni is an embezzler.
Yanni is an evicted renter.
Yanni is an expat and he's relocating to Algeria.
Yanni is an experienced repair technician who specializes in repairing chipped and cracked windshield.
Yanni is an experienced sheet-metal mechanic.
Yanni is an expert with his hands.
Yanni is an expert.
Yanni is an explorer.
Yanni is an idiot for that.
Yanni is an idiot.
Yanni is an imam.
Yanni is an important person in Skura's life.
Yanni is an important person.
Yanni is an independent money.
Yanni is an infidelity counselor.
Yanni is an interesting character.
Yanni is an interpreter.
Yanni is an officer.
Yanni is an old family friend.
Yanni is an old friend of mine.
Yanni is an old friend.
Yanni is an online doctor.
Yanni is an ordinary Algerian.
Yanni is an overly controlling husband.
Yanni is an undergrad.
Yanni is an unsavory character.
Yanni is anemic.
Yanni is another neighbor.
Yanni is anti-firearm.
Yanni is anything but a people pleaser.
Yanni is anything but forgotten.
Yanni is applying resin to the crack in his windshield.
Yanni is applying some resin to the windshield crack.
Yanni is appreciated for his efforts.
Yanni is approaching.
Yanni is arguing in his head about that.
Yanni is arguing with Skura over a four-dollar coupon.
Yanni is around.
Yanni is asking for too much.
Yanni is asking questions.
Yanni is assertive.
Yanni is associating with known criminals.
Yanni is at a higher risk for developing that disorder.
Yanni is at home in Algiers.
Yanni is at least 80% sure he saw Skura's killer at the station.
Yanni is at peace.
Yanni is at the top of his class.
Yanni is at work.
Yanni is attached to Skura.
Yanni is attending a different church than his family.
Yanni is attending taraweeh prayers.
Yanni is attracted to Skura romantically.
Yanni is attracted to Skura.
Yanni is attracted to black women like crazy.
Yanni is attracted to someone.
Yanni is attracted to that woman.
Yanni is attracted to you, Skura.
Yanni is attractive.
Yanni is available.
Yanni is aware of it.
Yanni is aware of that.
Yanni is away from Algeria.
Yanni is away from Algiers.
Yanni is awful at relationships.
Yanni is babysitting his baby brother and sister.
Yanni is back again for this week's Berber class.
Yanni is back again.
Yanni is back in Algeria.
Yanni is back in his saddle.
Yanni is back in the wheelchair.
Yanni is back to his normal self.
Yanni is back.
Yanni is bad for Skura.
Yanni is bad.
Yanni is banging on the door.
Yanni is barefoot.
Yanni is barely fourteen.
Yanni is bawling.
Yanni is beating his wife again.
Yanni is beautiful on the inside.
Yanni is beginning to mature.
Yanni is behaving in an abusive way.
Yanni is behind Rima's murder.
Yanni is behind the camera.
Yanni is being childish.
Yanni is being completely honest.
Yanni is being eaten alive.
Yanni is being flirtatious.
Yanni is being flirty with Skura.
Yanni is being harassed.
Yanni is being honest.
Yanni is being nice to Skura.
Yanni is being paranoid.
Yanni is being rude.
Yanni is being sarcastic.
Yanni is being secretive.
Yanni is being too harsh on himself.
Yanni is being transferred to Algeria.
Yanni is being unrealistic.
Yanni is beside himself with grief.
Yanni is better than Skura.
Yanni is beyond suspicion.
Yanni is bi.
Yanni is bleeding.
Yanni is bored.
Yanni is bound for some trouble.
Yanni is breathing.
Yanni is bringing his family along with him.
Yanni is bringing his girlfriend.
Yanni is broke.
Yanni is broken.
Yanni is building his mansion in Algeria.
Yanni is bunking with Ziri tonight.
Yanni is burying the dead dog.
Yanni is busy this week.
Yanni is busy.
Yanni is buying Skura out.
Yanni is buying a new phone this weekend.
Yanni is buying groceries.
Yanni is calling Rima now.
Yanni is calling Skura.
Yanni is calling.
Yanni is calm.
Yanni is capable of doing that.
Yanni is capable of killing his own wife for that.
Yanni is careful who he lets into his life.
Yanni is caring.
Yanni is certainly up to any good.
Yanni is changing the subject a little bit here.
Yanni is changing.
Yanni is cheating on Skura.
Yanni is cheating.
Yanni is chopping the figs to make some fig jam.
Yanni is claustrophobic and for him getting stuck in a cave is a real nightmare.
Yanni is clean-shaven.
Yanni is cleaning the tub.
Yanni is clearly better than Skura.
Yanni is clearly disturbed.
Yanni is climbing the corporate ladder.
Yanni is clinically distressed.
Yanni is close behind Skura.
Yanni is clumsy.
Yanni is cold.
Yanni is cold. He needs a sweater.
Yanni is cold. He wants a sweater.
Yanni is comfortable with it.
Yanni is comfortable.
Yanni is coming after Skura.
Yanni is coming back tomorrow.
Yanni is coming back.
Yanni is coming on Wednesday.
Yanni is coming on the next flight.
Yanni is coming over to play.
Yanni is coming over to see our new place.
Yanni is coming over to your house.
Yanni is coming this week.
Yanni is coming to Algeria.
Yanni is coming tonight.
Yanni is coming, too.
Yanni is coming.
Yanni is committed to Skura.
Yanni is committed to his marriage.
Yanni is comparing Skura with Zira.
Yanni is comparing two things that are not equal.
Yanni is complaining about the bus.
Yanni is complaining.
Yanni is completely alone.
Yanni is completely different.
Yanni is completely in the dark about that.
Yanni is concerned now.
Yanni is concerned.
Yanni is confused by his feelings towards Skura.
Yanni is controlling.
Yanni is converting to Islam and there is nothing his father can do to stop him.
Yanni is convicted of four counts of murder and this is an automatic life sentence.
Yanni is convinced the theft was an inside job.
Yanni is cooking.
Yanni is cooling his heels in prison.
Yanni is covered in tattoos.
Yanni is creepy.
Yanni is crossing the bridge.
Yanni is cruel and mean.
Yanni is cruel.
Yanni is crying, too.
Yanni is currently alone.
Yanni is currently away for business.
Yanni is currently living in this house.
Yanni is currently serving a life prison sentence without the possibility of parole.
Yanni is currently serving four life sentences.
Yanni is currently serving one of his four life sentences.
Yanni is currently working as a police professor.
Yanni is currently working two jobs.
Yanni is cute.
Yanni is dancing.
Yanni is dangerous, too.
Yanni is dating Skura at the same time as Nuja.
Yanni is dating Skura's mom.
Yanni is dating Skura.
Yanni is dating a forty-year-old woman.
Yanni is dating.
Yanni is dead now.
Yanni is dead.
Yanni is dead. He can't divorce Skura.
Yanni is deceiving himself into believing that Skura truly loves him.
Yanni is deeply emotionally connected to Rima.
Yanni is deeply in love with Skura.
Yanni is deeply religious.
Yanni is defiant to the core.
Yanni is definitely glad he didn't see Skura this morning.
Yanni is definitely happy with that.
Yanni is delivering a speech.
Yanni is dependable.
Yanni is depressed.
Yanni is desperate to leave but he has nowhere to go.
Yanni is destroying Skura's life with drugs.
Yanni is determined to keep Skura's attention.
Yanni is determined to start a new life with Skura.
Yanni is determined to stay clean.
Yanni is devastated.
Yanni is devoted to his sobriety.
Yanni is disgusting.
Yanni is disgustingly hairy.
Yanni is disorganized.
Yanni is divorcing Skura.
Yanni is doing a great job.
Yanni is doing a show on YouTube.
Yanni is doing all this at the same time.
Yanni is doing fantastic work.
Yanni is doing good.
Yanni is doing his best to stay faithful to his wife.
Yanni is doing his homework.
Yanni is doing his job.
Yanni is doing karaoke.
Yanni is doing more cocaine than ever.
Yanni is doing so much better.
Yanni is doing the best that he can to help Skura.
Yanni is doing the best that he can.
Yanni is doing things that go against the teachings of the Quran.
Yanni is doing this for the sake of God.
Yanni is doing wonderfully.
Yanni is done bowling.
Yanni is done doing that.
Yanni is done fixing his windshield.
Yanni is done making fig jam.
Yanni is done milking his goat.
Yanni is done milking the goats.
Yanni is done shopping.
Yanni is done with Skura.
Yanni is done with the resin tube.
Yanni is done with the syringe.
Yanni is done.
Yanni is double-parked downstairs.
Yanni is down on his luck.
Yanni is drawing.
Yanni is drawn to Skura.
Yanni is dreaming, too.
Yanni is drinking booze next to a dumping site.
Yanni is drinking camel milk.
Yanni is drinking green tea.
Yanni is drinking more than he was before.
Yanni is drinking whisky.
Yanni is drinking.
Yanni is driving and drinking coffee.
Yanni is driving on a quieter road.
Yanni is driving the van.
Yanni is driving to Algiers.
Yanni is driving.
Yanni is dropping Skura off at work.
Yanni is drunk.
Yanni is earning his living by cooking.
Yanni is easily six feet tall.
Yanni is eating and drinking.
Yanni is eating cabbage.
Yanni is eating carrots.
Yanni is eating dried figs with olive oil.
Yanni is eating fast.
Yanni is eating figs in the garden.
Yanni is eating figs right off the tree.
Yanni is eating figs today.
Yanni is eating figs.
Yanni is eating macaroni and cheese.
Yanni is eating onions.
Yanni is eating popcorn.
Yanni is eating soup.
Yanni is eating the figs.
Yanni is eating.
Yanni is embarrassed of the way Skura lives.
Yanni is emotional.
Yanni is emotionally abusive.
Yanni is emotionally unavailable.
Yanni is emotionally unstable.
Yanni is ending his lease this month.
Yanni is engaging.
Yanni is even worse than Skura.
Yanni is even worse.
Yanni is ex-special forces.
Yanni is excellent.
Yanni is excited about being around Skura.
Yanni is exhausted.
Yanni is experienced in treating trauma.
Yanni is experienced.
Yanni is experiencing fear of abandonment.
Yanni is explaining Islam to Skura.
Yanni is exploiting Skura.
Yanni is exploring Algiers.
Yanni is exploring parts of Algeria that very few people could see.
Yanni is extremely energetic.
Yanni is extremely suave and disarming.
Yanni is fairly new to caving.
Yanni is fairly skeptical of the paranormal.
Yanni is faithful to his wife.
Yanni is faithful.
Yanni is fake.
Yanni is falling asleep.
Yanni is falling for Skura.
Yanni is familiar with Algiers.
Yanni is familiar with rural Algeria, which is where he grew up.
Yanni is familiar with the area.
Yanni is family, you know.
Yanni is family.
Yanni is famous at school.
Yanni is famous in Algeria.
Yanni is famous now.
Yanni is fantasizing about Skura.
Yanni is far more famous than Rima.
Yanni is fascinated by Islam.
Yanni is fascinated by the month of Ramadan.
Yanni is fascinated with Algiers.
Yanni is fasting alone.
Yanni is fasting for Ramadan.
Yanni is fasting his fourth day of Ramadan.
Yanni is fearless.
Yanni is feeding the goats.
Yanni is feeding us solely with words.
Yanni is feeling much better.
Yanni is feeling much more powerful in his life.
Yanni is feeling something deeper.
Yanni is feeling strange things.
Yanni is fiercely protective of his sister.
Yanni is filming from inside the car.
Yanni is filming.
Yanni is finally embracing the Lord.
Yanni is finally moving out.
Yanni is finally ready to give up his bachelor life.
Yanni is fine now.
Yanni is fine with it.
Yanni is fine.
Yanni is fixing his windshield.
Yanni is fixing the cracks in his windshield.
Yanni is fixing the fridge.
Yanni is fixing the washer.
Yanni is fixing the windshield chips.
Yanni is fixing the windshield.
Yanni is flexible.
Yanni is flirtatious.
Yanni is flirting often.
Yanni is flirting only with Skura.
Yanni is flirting with Skura.
Yanni is flirting with trouble.
Yanni is fluent in Berber.
Yanni is flying for Algiers.
Yanni is flying south to Algeria.
Yanni is focusing on getting back to driving.
Yanni is following Skura in his van.
Yanni is for a one-state solution in Palestine.
Yanni is forgetful.
Yanni is forty minutes away from his destination.
Yanni is forty minutes away.
Yanni is found guilty of murder and jailed for life.
Yanni is four kilometers from the Algiers Grand Mosque.
Yanni is four years old.
Yanni is fourteen and a half.
Yanni is fourteen years old.
Yanni is freaking out about nothing.
Yanni is free to go.
Yanni is free to leave.
Yanni is free to start a new life with Skura.
Yanni is freshly forty.
Yanni is friends with Skura.
Yanni is from Algeria and lives in a very small town in the countryside.
Yanni is from Algeria.
Yanni is from Algiers as well.
Yanni is from Algiers, Algeria.
Yanni is from Algiers.
Yanni is from Bejaia, Algeria.
Yanni is from Tinder.
Yanni is from a hard-working, respectable, and functional family.
Yanni is from a local high school.
Yanni is from corporate.
Yanni is from the southern suburbs of Algiers.
Yanni is frustrated.
Yanni is full of surprises.
Yanni is fun.
Yanni is funny.
Yanni is furious.
Yanni is gender fluid.
Yanni is generous.
Yanni is genuinely happy.
Yanni is getting a bit childish.
Yanni is getting another promotion.
Yanni is getting baptized today.
Yanni is getting baptized tomorrow.
Yanni is getting better and better.
Yanni is getting busier.
Yanni is getting close to retirement.
Yanni is getting dressed.
Yanni is getting jealous.
Yanni is getting married this summer.
Yanni is getting married.
Yanni is getting more brazen by the day and Skura has had enough.
Yanni is getting older.
Yanni is getting paid.
Yanni is getting ready for bed.
Yanni is getting ready.
Yanni is getting really tired.
Yanni is getting to know Skura.
Yanni is getting too close to Skura.
Yanni is getting too far ahead.
Yanni is giving Skura a key.
Yanni is giving Skura charity.
Yanni is giving Skura silent treatment.
Yanni is giving up on himself too easily.
Yanni is glad he's still alive.
Yanni is going back to Algeria alone.
Yanni is going back to his hometown.
Yanni is going down.
Yanni is going fishing.
Yanni is going in there.
Yanni is going live.
Yanni is going on a trip.
Yanni is going on vacation to Algeria in two weeks.
Yanni is going out of Algiers for a few days.
Yanni is going over to Rima's house.
Yanni is going that way.
Yanni is going the wrong way.
Yanni is going through a really hard time.
Yanni is going through a rough patch.
Yanni is going through that.
Yanni is going to Algeria again.
Yanni is going to Algeria soon.
Yanni is going to Algeria to study Berber.
Yanni is going to Algiers today.
Yanni is going to Skura's concert tonight.
Yanni is going to a Mraz concert.
Yanni is going to a job interview.
Yanni is going to a land far, far away.
Yanni is going to be 40 in less than 4 months.
Yanni is going to be Muslim.
Yanni is going to be away from Skura for a week.
Yanni is going to be fine.
Yanni is going to be in a different part of Algeria to visit a family member.
Yanni is going to be late for school.
Yanni is going to be moved into a psychiatric ward.
Yanni is going to be taking lessons with a new driving teacher.
Yanni is going to be talking about what happened.
Yanni is going to buy a new windshield.
Yanni is going to call the cops right now.
Yanni is going to change.
Yanni is going to charge you four thousand dinars to do what I just did to your windshield.
Yanni is going to charge you four thousand dinars to fix your windshield.
Yanni is going to college.
Yanni is going to convert to Islam.
Yanni is going to deal with this for the rest of his life.
Yanni is going to die at any moment.
Yanni is going to do an oral presentation about this book.
Yanni is going to do it this time.
Yanni is going to do that again.
Yanni is going to do that during Ramadan.
Yanni is going to do this again.
Yanni is going to do this four times.
Yanni is going to do volleyball again.
Yanni is going to enjoy his stay in Algiers.
Yanni is going to face God on the Day of Judgment.
Yanni is going to fail his driving test.
Yanni is going to fire Skura.
Yanni is going to fix his windshield.
Yanni is going to fix the windshield crack.
Yanni is going to get changed.
Yanni is going to get things done.
Yanni is going to give Skura the money.
Yanni is going to go to the dentist to fix his tooth.
Yanni is going to go to the mosque with Salas.
Yanni is going to go with his grandma to Algeria.
Yanni is going to hell for that.
Yanni is going to hell.
Yanni is going to help.
Yanni is going to invest four million dollars in Algeria.
Yanni is going to kill me.
Yanni is going to leave.
Yanni is going to let the resin cure for twenty minutes.
Yanni is going to live a miserable life.
Yanni is going to live in Algiers.
Yanni is going to make Rima happy.
Yanni is going to miss Skura.
Yanni is going to need a lot of work in order to recover.
Yanni is going to need help for the rest of his life.
Yanni is going to need this resin to fix the chips and cracks in his windshield.
Yanni is going to pass his driving test.
Yanni is going to regret it.
Yanni is going to remove the wire.
Yanni is going to rot in jail.
Yanni is going to sell the car.
Yanni is going to share his house with that girl.
Yanni is going to show you how to make baskets.
Yanni is going to speak in Berber, but I'll translate.
Yanni is going to spend his next holiday in Algeria.
Yanni is going to stay awake today.
Yanni is going to stay in Algiers.
Yanni is going to stop.
Yanni is going to study Berber with Skura.
Yanni is going to survive.
Yanni is going to take the bus for the rest of his life.
Yanni is going to talk to Skura.
Yanni is going to talk to his mom.
Yanni is going to teach that bunch of sick sociopaths a good lesson.
Yanni is going to teach you a good lesson today.
Yanni is going to tell his wife.
Yanni is going to tell the truth.
Yanni is going to that party.
Yanni is going to the cleaner's.
Yanni is going to the concert.
Yanni is going to the movies tonight.
Yanni is going to turn the power off.
Yanni is going to unlock the door.
Yanni is going to use the old screws.
Yanni is going with the British pronunciation.
Yanni is gone for the summer.
Yanni is gone now.
Yanni is gonna be better.
Yanni is gonna be doing something a little bit different.
Yanni is gonna be fine.
Yanni is gonna be home soon.
Yanni is gonna come next Thursday.
Yanni is gonna drive straight through to Algiers.
Yanni is gonna end his affair with Rima.
Yanni is gonna find a place to stay.
Yanni is gonna find out what it is.
Yanni is gonna get baptized tomorrow.
Yanni is gonna get involved.
Yanni is gonna go to jail for the rest of his life.
Yanni is gonna hate Skura.
Yanni is gonna kill Skura.
Yanni is gonna kill himself.
Yanni is gonna kill me.
Yanni is gonna know we're Algerian.
Yanni is gonna laugh.
Yanni is gonna leave.
Yanni is gonna like Skura.
Yanni is gonna make it alright.
Yanni is gonna make it.
Yanni is gonna need all the help that he can get.
Yanni is gonna need the whole package.
Yanni is gonna need to make sure that he's strong.
Yanni is gonna prove it.
Yanni is gonna talk about that, too.
Yanni is gonna talk about that.
Yanni is gonna try to end that.
Yanni is good at Scrabble.
Yanni is good at chess.
Yanni is good to go now.
Yanni is good to go.
Yanni is good with people.
Yanni is good.
Yanni is graduating this summer.
Yanni is graduating this year.
Yanni is grateful for that.
Yanni is grateful to have Skura manage his life.
Yanni is great.
Yanni is growing fig trees in Algiers.
Yanni is growing licorice trees in Algeria.
Yanni is guilty.
Yanni is half-Algerian.
Yanni is half-awake.
Yanni is handicapped.
Yanni is hanging this picture for Yennayer.
Yanni is happy now.
Yanni is happy that Skura is quiet and leaving her alone.
Yanni is happy to be a Muslim.
Yanni is happy to be here in Algeria and that's what really matters.
Yanni is happy to live in Algiers.
Yanni is happy to see Skura.
Yanni is happy with it.
Yanni is happy with that.
Yanni is happy.
Yanni is having a good life.
Yanni is having a shower.
Yanni is having a wonderful time teaching people about Islam.
Yanni is having an affair.
Yanni is having an emotional affair.
Yanni is having fun.
Yanni is having his cake and eating it, too, but his fortune will soon turn.
Yanni is having sex with Rima.
Yanni is having the worse day of his life.
Yanni is having the worst day of his life.
Yanni is having trouble making ends meet.
Yanni is heading home from work.
Yanni is heading to Algeria.
Yanni is healthy.
Yanni is heavily tattooed.
Yanni is helping Skura make jam fig.
Yanni is helping Skura.
Yanni is here in Algiers traveling.
Yanni is here in Algiers.
Yanni is here to keep Skura company.
Yanni is here to keep his grandmother company.
Yanni is here to see Algiers.
Yanni is here to support Rima.
Yanni is here today.
Yanni is here with Skura.
Yanni is here with us.
Yanni is here.
Yanni is hesitating.
Yanni is hiding behind a tree.
Yanni is hiding something in his huge hair.
Yanni is himself half-Algerian, half-Tunisian.
Yanni is his own boss.
Yanni is holding his other hand behind him.
Yanni is home now.
Yanni is home.
Yanni is homeless.
Yanni is honest.
Yanni is hoping to have a future with Skura.
Yanni is huge.
Yanni is hundreds of miles from Algiers.
Yanni is hungry now.
Yanni is hungry, too.
Yanni is hungry.
Yanni is immersed in Berber.
Yanni is impressed by the result.
Yanni is in Algeria now.
Yanni is in Algeria studying.
Yanni is in Algeria.
Yanni is in Algiers now.
Yanni is in Algiers simply for fun.
Yanni is in Algiers to see a friend.
Yanni is in Berber class.
Yanni is in Gaza now.
Yanni is in a battle for his life.
Yanni is in a coma and can't divorce Skura.
Yanni is in a committed relationship with Skura.
Yanni is in a hurry to catch the train.
Yanni is in a narcissistically abusive relationship.
Yanni is in a safe space.
Yanni is in a state that I wouldn't wish on anyone.
Yanni is in a wheelchair now.
Yanni is in a wheelchair.
Yanni is in an area called Baraki, not very far from Algiers.
Yanni is in another part of the mosque.
Yanni is in charge.
Yanni is in control.
Yanni is in critical condition.
Yanni is in custody.
Yanni is in deep trouble.
Yanni is in foster care and needs a home.
Yanni is in foster care and needs a permanent home.
Yanni is in high school.
Yanni is in his Algiers home.
Yanni is in his forties.
Yanni is in his garden right now.
Yanni is in his grave now.
Yanni is in his homeland, Algeria.
Yanni is in his mid-forties.
Yanni is in his mom's car.
Yanni is in his own homeland, Algeria.
Yanni is in law school.
Yanni is in love with this cat.
Yanni is in middle school.
Yanni is in no mood to celebrate his birthday.
Yanni is in school to be a Berber teacher.
Yanni is in shock.
Yanni is in solitary.
Yanni is in the army.
Yanni is in the bathroom.
Yanni is in the detainment room of the airport.
Yanni is in the frame now.
Yanni is in the garage, fixing his windshield.
Yanni is in the garage, repairing his windshield.
Yanni is in the hood.
Yanni is in the kitchen.
Yanni is in the library, studying Berber.
Yanni is in the lobby.
Yanni is in the middle of a city called Algiers.
Yanni is in the middle of nowhere.
Yanni is in the mosque now.
Yanni is in the mosque.
Yanni is in the right lane.
Yanni is in the room directly behind the garage.
Yanni is in the store.
Yanni is in too much pain.
Yanni is in total control.
Yanni is in.
Yanni is incapable of change.
Yanni is incredibly busy on weekends.
Yanni is incredibly busy.
Yanni is incredibly sexist.
Yanni is injecting the resin into the windshield chip.
Yanni is insane.
Yanni is insanely attracted to Asian women.
Yanni is insanely pessimistic.
Yanni is insecure about his hair.
Yanni is insecure.
Yanni is insensitive.
Yanni is insisting that Skura go in first.
Yanni is interested in Skura but she's not interested back.
Yanni is interested in Skura romantically.
Yanni is interested in Skura.
Yanni is interested in crime stories.
Yanni is interested in monsters.
Yanni is interested in occult knowledge.
Yanni is interested in that.
Yanni is interested in the Berber language.
Yanni is interested in the Quran.
Yanni is interested in the paranormal.
Yanni is interested in true crime stories.
Yanni is interested in writing a book about Skura's story.
Yanni is interested.
Yanni is interesting.
Yanni is intimidating.
Yanni is intimidatingly tall and sports a manly moustache.
Yanni is intimidatingly tall.
Yanni is into Skura.
Yanni is inventing supernatural stories.
Yanni is involved.
Yanni is jealous.
Yanni is just Muslim.
Yanni is just a big friendly teddy bear.
Yanni is just a child.
Yanni is just a friend.
Yanni is just a kid.
Yanni is just a poor and indebted student.
Yanni is just a random man.
Yanni is just around, watching you.
Yanni is just average.
Yanni is just awkward.
Yanni is just being kind.
Yanni is just chilling in his room, playing Nintendo.
Yanni is just curious.
Yanni is just drinking.
Yanni is just eating figs.
Yanni is just encouraging Skura.
Yanni is just fourteen.
Yanni is just here to film Skura milking a goat.
Yanni is just in front of us.
Yanni is just jumping at shadows.
Yanni is just kidding.
Yanni is just laughing.
Yanni is just looking for a wife.
Yanni is just messing with Skura.
Yanni is just not cut out for the construction business.
Yanni is just out of prison.
Yanni is just rambling about things.
Yanni is just so thoughtful.
Yanni is just starting on this journey.
Yanni is just talking in circles.
Yanni is just trying to help.
Yanni is keeping an eye on the kids.
Yanni is kind to his family.
Yanni is kind to his mother.
Yanni is kind to others.
Yanni is kind.
Yanni is kissing Skura.
Yanni is knocking on the door.
Yanni is known for his demanding nature.
Yanni is known for his difficult personality.
Yanni is known for his emotional outbursts.
Yanni is known for his explosive temper.
Yanni is known for his fantastic jumping ability.
Yanni is known for his imposing physique.
Yanni is known for his rambling stories about camping.
Yanni is known for his stupidity.
Yanni is known here.
Yanni is known to friends and family as Yan.
Yanni is lactose intolerant. Milk is definitely not going down on his shopping list.
Yanni is late again.
Yanni is late for work.
Yanni is late today.
Yanni is late.
Yanni is laughing.
Yanni is laying on the pavement.
Yanni is leading a crazy life in Algeria.
Yanni is leading a much better life in Algeria.
Yanni is learning Berber fast.
Yanni is learning Berber for fun.
Yanni is learning Berber grammar.
Yanni is learning Berber really fast.
Yanni is learning Berber.
Yanni is learning basic Berber.
Yanni is learning how to give sales presentations in Berber.
Yanni is learning how to use that tool.
Yanni is learning new skills.
Yanni is learning so much.
Yanni is learning to be more patient.
Yanni is learning to code.
Yanni is leaving Narita Airport.
Yanni is leaving Skura.
Yanni is leaving for Algeria for a couple of hours.
Yanni is leaving for Algeria in two weeks.
Yanni is leaving now.
Yanni is leaving the car outside.
Yanni is leaving this afternoon.
Yanni is leaving tomorrow.
Yanni is leaving with his friends.
Yanni is leaving.
Yanni is lethargic.
Yanni is like Skura.
Yanni is listening now.
Yanni is listening to Skura.
Yanni is listening to me.
Yanni is listening to the Quran.
Yanni is listening.
Yanni is literally starting his life from scratch.
Yanni is living a relaxed life in Algeria.
Yanni is living an adult's life.
Yanni is living fabulously well in Algeria.
Yanni is living in Algeria.
Yanni is living in Algiers under an assumed name.
Yanni is living in Bejaia, Algeria.
Yanni is living in a rural area of Algeria.
Yanni is living on death row.
Yanni is living with Alzheimer's disease.
Yanni is living with Alzheimer's.
Yanni is lonely.
Yanni is looking at Algeria as a huge growth factor for his company.
Yanni is looking at Skura's car.
Yanni is looking at Skura, expecting her to do something.
Yanni is looking at Skura.
Yanni is looking at us.
Yanni is looking for a camp site.
Yanni is looking for a fresh start in Algiers, the capital city of Algeria.
Yanni is looking for a full-time job in Algiers.
Yanni is looking for a job.
Yanni is looking for a new laptop.
Yanni is looking for an easy way out.
Yanni is looking for his glasses.
Yanni is looking for his newspaper.
Yanni is looking for love in all the wrong places.
Yanni is looking for the new owner.
Yanni is looking for ways to make more money.
Yanni is looking for you.
Yanni is looking.
Yanni is losing his home.
Yanni is losing money fast.
Yanni is lost again.
Yanni is lost in life and doesn't quite know what to do.
Yanni is lost.
Yanni is loving Algiers.
Yanni is loyal to his family.
Yanni is loyal to his wife.
Yanni is lucky to be alive.
Yanni is lucky.
Yanni is lying in a pool of his own sweat.
Yanni is lying to me.
Yanni is mad as a box of frogs.
Yanni is mad now.
Yanni is mad.
Yanni is making Skura more angry.
Yanni is making a movie.
Yanni is making a robot.
Yanni is making breakfast.
Yanni is making dinner.
Yanni is making fig jam.
Yanni is making preparations.
Yanni is married and he just can't have a life like that.
Yanni is married to Skura who is forty and together they had eight children of which only four have survived.
Yanni is married to Skura.
Yanni is married to a forty-year-old woman.
Yanni is married to someone back in Algeria.
Yanni is married with children.
Yanni is mean.
Yanni is mentally handicapped.
Yanni is mentally ill.
Yanni is mentally sick.
Yanni is mentally unstable.
Yanni is messing with Skura in a very serious way.
Yanni is messy.
Yanni is milking his goat.
Yanni is milking the cows.
Yanni is milking the goats.
Yanni is mine.
Yanni is monopolizing Skura's money.
Yanni is monopolizing Skura's time.
Yanni is more comfortable in the back seat.
Yanni is more concerned than Rima.
Yanni is more handsome.
Yanni is more honest.
Yanni is more private than Skura.
Yanni is more selfish.
Yanni is more seriously injured than we thought.
Yanni is more worried about Rima.
Yanni is mourning.
Yanni is moving away from Algiers.
Yanni is moving back to Algeria.
Yanni is moving his furniture tonight.
Yanni is moving to Algeria for a few months.
Yanni is moving to Algeria to be closer to Skura.
Yanni is moving to Algeria.
Yanni is moving to Algiers in a few weeks.
Yanni is moving.
Yanni is much better now.
Yanni is my best friend.
Yanni is my closest friend.
Yanni is my favorite Greek musician.
Yanni is my neighbor's stepson.
Yanni is my new guy.
Yanni is my roommate.
Yanni is my son.
Yanni is named after his grandfather.
Yanni is narcissistic.
Yanni is naughty.
Yanni is neat and clean-shaven.
Yanni is nervous.
Yanni is never alone.
Yanni is never embarrassed in front of Skura.
Yanni is never going to Algiers again.
Yanni is never going to be able to see that windshield chip. It's so tiny.
Yanni is never going to make it.
Yanni is never going to that mosque again.
Yanni is never gonna make it.
Yanni is never good enough.
Yanni is never scared of bugs.
Yanni is never wrong.
Yanni is new here in Algeria.
Yanni is new in town.
Yanni is new to Algiers.
Yanni is new to Skura's school.
Yanni is new to this area.
Yanni is new. When did he start?
Yanni is next in line to call.
Yanni is next.
Yanni is nice to Skura.
Yanni is nice to look at.
Yanni is nice.
Yanni is no angel and Skura is no angel either.
Yanni is no fool.
Yanni is no longer a threat.
Yanni is no longer living in Algeria.
Yanni is no longer under Skura's thumb.
Yanni is no saint.
Yanni is no stranger to crime.
Yanni is not Algerian in any way but he does have dark skin and eyes.
Yanni is not Muslim.
Yanni is not OK with this.
Yanni is not Ziri's friend. He is his boss.
Yanni is not Ziri's friend. He is his brother.
Yanni is not Ziri's friend. He is his co-worker.
Yanni is not Ziri's friend. He is his roommate.
Yanni is not a cat person.
Yanni is not a cop.
Yanni is not a greedy person.
Yanni is not a kid anymore.
Yanni is not a linguist but he did study linguistics in college.
Yanni is not a perfect Muslim.
Yanni is not a perfect man.
Yanni is not a perv.
Yanni is not a super religious person but he does believe in God.
Yanni is not a typical Berber teacher.
Yanni is not abandoning Skura.
Yanni is not able to eat.
Yanni is not able to react on time.
Yanni is not able to sleep through the noise.
Yanni is not afraid to share.
Yanni is not aggressive.
Yanni is not an atheist. He's a Satanist.
Yanni is not an uncle.
Yanni is not as devastated as Rima.
Yanni is not as young as he used to be.
Yanni is not at home. He's in Algeria.
Yanni is not available.
Yanni is not aware of that.
Yanni is not big on commitment.
Yanni is not breathing.
Yanni is not complaining about that.
Yanni is not cooking tonight.
Yanni is not cut out for the construction business.
Yanni is not driving to Algiers in a van.
Yanni is not entitled to that option.
Yanni is not even in touch with reality.
Yanni is not fasting.
Yanni is not fun.
Yanni is not giving Skura everything.
Yanni is not going out any time soon.
Yanni is not going to Algiers.
Yanni is not going to be available until after work.
Yanni is not going to get a reference.
Yanni is not going to lie.
Yanni is not going to like that.
Yanni is not going to listen to Skura.
Yanni is not going to pass his driving test.
Yanni is not going to put his hands on Skura.
Yanni is not going to tell you.
Yanni is not good with his hands.
Yanni is not happy about this.
Yanni is not happy.
Yanni is not here to judge.
Yanni is not here.
Yanni is not in the house.
Yanni is not involved.
Yanni is not just a random guy.
Yanni is not just some boy.
Yanni is not just some boy. Yanni is Skura's destiny.
Yanni is not laughing.
Yanni is not lying.
Yanni is not much of a horror buff.
Yanni is not my type.
Yanni is not opening that door.
Yanni is not opening that gate.
Yanni is not perfect.
Yanni is not playing.
Yanni is not pleased.
Yanni is not really interested in dating right now.
Yanni is not really religious.
Yanni is not scary.
Yanni is not so strict about that.
Yanni is not super familiar with Algiers.
Yanni is not supposed to dress like that here.
Yanni is not supposed to drive more than four hundred kilometers a day.
Yanni is not supposed to wear that here.
Yanni is not sure.
Yanni is not telling Skura everything.
Yanni is not telling Skura the whole truth.
Yanni is not the best storyteller.
Yanni is not tired.
Yanni is not typical.
Yanni is not used to that.
Yanni is now a Berber teacher.
Yanni is now allowed to resume his life.
Yanni is now an adult.
Yanni is now in his forties.
Yanni is now married to a Muslim woman from Algeria.
Yanni is now officially Algerian.
Yanni is now serving a life sentence for murder.
Yanni is now sober.
Yanni is now truly alone.
Yanni is nowhere to be found for now.
Yanni is nuts.
Yanni is obsessed with his phone.
Yanni is of Algerian ancestry.
Yanni is of Algerian descent.
Yanni is of short stature and has a youthful appearance.
Yanni is old, too.
Yanni is on Facebook.
Yanni is on Instagram.
Yanni is on Skura's movies.
Yanni is on a cross-country drive.
Yanni is on drugs.
Yanni is on his fourth date.
Yanni is on his way back to pick up Skura.
Yanni is on his way back.
Yanni is on his way over.
Yanni is on his way to Algiers.
Yanni is on shift.
Yanni is on that flight.
Yanni is on the basketball team.
Yanni is on the beach.
Yanni is on the couch.
Yanni is on the ground.
Yanni is on the other side of Algiers.
Yanni is on the other side.
Yanni is on the same page with Rima.
Yanni is on the snitch list.
Yanni is on the straight and narrow.
Yanni is on trial for murder.
Yanni is one of Skura's big fans.
Yanni is one of Ziri's first new work friend.
Yanni is one of Ziri's hitmen.
Yanni is one of a kind.
Yanni is one of my friends.
Yanni is one of our former employees.
Yanni is one of our wealthy benefactors.
Yanni is one of the boys from Skura's class.
Yanni is one of the few survivors.
Yanni is one of the leaders.
Yanni is one of the people who made this possible.
Yanni is only 24.
Yanni is only a child.
Yanni is only four seats away from Skura.
Yanni is open and honest.
Yanni is open with Rima.
Yanni is open with Skura.
Yanni is open-minded.
Yanni is originally Algerian.
Yanni is originally from Algiers.
Yanni is our correspondent in Algeria.
Yanni is our family chauffeur.
Yanni is our last chance.
Yanni is our new champion.
Yanni is our new manager.
Yanni is our water balloon champion.
Yanni is out in the open.
Yanni is out neighbor to the right.
Yanni is out of battery.
Yanni is out of breath.
Yanni is out of the way.
Yanni is out of town.
Yanni is out.
Yanni is outgoing and social.
Yanni is outside Skura's door.
Yanni is outside.
Yanni is over it now.
Yanni is overdoing it.
Yanni is overly interested in what Skura has to say.
Yanni is overly self-critical.
Yanni is overly trusting.
Yanni is overreacting.
Yanni is oversensitive to criticism.
Yanni is oversensitive.
Yanni is oversharing personal things with Rima.
Yanni is packing up his things.
Yanni is packing up.
Yanni is painting Skura's room.
Yanni is paranoid.
Yanni is parked right in front of the mosque.
Yanni is part of an artistic movement.
Yanni is part of many Berber language Facebook groups.
Yanni is passionate about everything Berber.
Yanni is past the incident.
Yanni is pathetic.
Yanni is peeling the potatoes.
Yanni is perfect for Skura.
Yanni is perturbed about Skura's lesbian relationship with Nuja.
Yanni is pessimistic.
Yanni is physically attracted to Skura.
Yanni is physically cheating on Skura.
Yanni is physically cheating.
Yanni is picking figs.
Yanni is pissed off.
Yanni is planning a trip to Japan.
Yanni is planning to enroll in a technical college in Algeria.
Yanni is planning to start teaching Berber.
Yanni is planting licorice trees in Algeria.
Yanni is platonically attracted to Skura.
Yanni is playful.
Yanni is playing music.
Yanni is playing solitaire.
Yanni is playing the piano.
Yanni is playing with fire.
Yanni is playing.
Yanni is polishing his windshield to remove some scratches.
Yanni is polishing his windshield.
Yanni is pooping into a can.
Yanni is poor and dirty.
Yanni is poor.
Yanni is popular at school.
Yanni is popular in his school.
Yanni is popular.
Yanni is pranking Rima again.
Yanni is praying five times a day.
Yanni is praying for Skura.
Yanni is praying now.
Yanni is praying.
Yanni is preparing dinner.
Yanni is pretty familiar with Internet trolls.
Yanni is pretty fine.
Yanni is pretty happy with his car now.
Yanni is pretty hungry and thirsty right now.
Yanni is pretty hungry.
Yanni is pretty sure Skura is right.
Yanni is pretty sure it's Rima.
Yanni is pretty sure it's illegal.
Yanni is pretty sure.
Yanni is pretty thirsty.
Yanni is probably be in jail for most of his productive life.
Yanni is probably getting paid by the word.
Yanni is probably good to go.
Yanni is probably not the only person to have been here recently.
Yanni is probably right.
Yanni is probably smarter than the rest of them.
Yanni is probably the first person to have been here.
Yanni is probably the worst teacher to ever exist.
Yanni is programmed to do that.
Yanni is promoting Islamic literacy.
Yanni is promoting Skura's self-published book.
Yanni is protecting Skura from the dangers of life.
Yanni is protective of his backpack.
Yanni is proud of himself.
Yanni is proud of his home city, Algiers.
Yanni is proud of his son.
Yanni is proud.
Yanni is proving everyone wrong.
Yanni is pulled towards Skura.
Yanni is pumping four hundred pounds on the bunch press.
Yanni is pushing Skura out of her home.
Yanni is pushing Skura too hard.
Yanni is pushing boundaries.
Yanni is putting Skura up temporarily.
Yanni is putting in a new sink.
Yanni is putting on the last screw.
Yanni is quartering the figs.
Yanni is quick to point out negative things.
Yanni is quiet.
Yanni is quite proud of himself.
Yanni is quite right.
Yanni is quitting and it's best for all concerned.
Yanni is quitting tomorrow.
Yanni is quitting tonight.
Yanni is quitting.
Yanni is reading a magazine.
Yanni is reading books about Islam to get familiar with Islamic terminology.
Yanni is reading this book.
Yanni is reading.
Yanni is ready for the party.
Yanni is ready now.
Yanni is ready to accept Skura's marriage.
Yanni is ready to accept help.
Yanni is ready to become someone new.
Yanni is ready to go.
Yanni is ready to move on with his life.
Yanni is ready to take extreme measures to reassert his authority.
Yanni is ready to talk to Skura.
Yanni is really about buying Skura's place.
Yanni is really different.
Yanni is really fond of Kabyle music.
Yanni is really fragile.
Yanni is really friendly.
Yanni is really glad.
Yanni is really good at this.
Yanni is really good.
Yanni is really happy with that result.
Yanni is really nice.
Yanni is really religious.
Yanni is really struggling.
Yanni is really upset.
Yanni is reconciling with Skura.
Yanni is recuperating from his broken leg.
Yanni is reliable.
Yanni is reminding himself of that.
Yanni is repacking.
Yanni is repairing the crack in his windshield.
Yanni is repairing the damaged area of his windshield.
Yanni is resourceful.
Yanni is respected.
Yanni is resting.
Yanni is retired.
Yanni is returning to Algeria.
Yanni is rich and enjoys flaunting it.
Yanni is rich and has sophisticated tastes.
Yanni is rich, too.
Yanni is right for Skura.
Yanni is right outside his hometown.
Yanni is right there.
Yanni is right. Skura is mean.
Yanni is ringing the bell.
Yanni is romantic.
Yanni is romantically attracted to Skura.
Yanni is romantically involved with Skura.
Yanni is rubbing shoulders with the Trumps.
Yanni is rubbing the grease back and forth.
Yanni is rude, too.
Yanni is ruined.
Yanni is ruining Skura's life.
Yanni is running a perfectly legal business in Algeria.
Yanni is running an immaculate household in Algiers.
Yanni is running out of steam.
Yanni is running.
Yanni is sabotaging Skura's efforts.
Yanni is sabotaging himself in a variety of ways.
Yanni is sabotaging himself in several ways.
Yanni is sabotaging himself.
Yanni is sabotaging his own life.
Yanni is sabotaging his relationship.
Yanni is sabotaging his success.
Yanni is safe here.
Yanni is safe out there.
Yanni is safe.
Yanni is satisfied with Skura.
Yanni is saving lives.
Yanni is saving up for a new phone.
Yanni is saving your life.
Yanni is saying something.
Yanni is scared for Algeria's future.
Yanni is scared of Skura.
Yanni is scared of cats.
Yanni is scared of change.
Yanni is scared to be on a plane.
Yanni is scared to go anywhere without his dog.
Yanni is scared.
Yanni is scary.
Yanni is scraping off all the cured resin he used to fix a bullseye in his windshield.
Yanni is scratching off the resin with a razor blade.
Yanni is scratching off the resin.
Yanni is screaming and crying. He wants his mom.
Yanni is screaming.
Yanni is searching for a camp site.
Yanni is second-guessing himself.
Yanni is seeing Skura.
Yanni is seeing another woman.
Yanni is seeking to invest money in Algeria.
Yanni is selfish.
Yanni is sending Skura hidden signals.
Yanni is sending money back to Algeria.
Yanni is sensually attracted to Skura.
Yanni is sentenced to forty years to life.
Yanni is sentenced to life in prison without parole.
Yanni is sentenced to life with a minimum of forty years.
Yanni is serving a life sentence with the possibility of parole after forty years.
Yanni is serving four life sentences.
Yanni is serving life for first degree murder.
Yanni is serving life with no possibility of parole.
Yanni is serving one of his four life sentences.
Yanni is setting a trap.
Yanni is sexually attracted to Skura.
Yanni is shaking right now.
Yanni is sharing his story with everyone.
Yanni is sharing with tourists some knowledge about the Berber language.
Yanni is shocked.
Yanni is shopping.
Yanni is short.
Yanni is showing Skura how to milk a goat.
Yanni is shy around women.
Yanni is shy until he gets to know you.
Yanni is sick of Skura.
Yanni is sick of the way Skura is treating him.
Yanni is simply venting.
Yanni is singing a popular folk song in Berber.
Yanni is single.
Yanni is sitting in a car.
Yanni is sleeping in class.
Yanni is sleeping.
Yanni is small.
Yanni is smarter now.
Yanni is smarter today that he was back then.
Yanni is smoking.
Yanni is snoring again.
Yanni is snoring now.
Yanni is snoring.
Yanni is so amazing.
Yanni is so angry.
Yanni is so big.
Yanni is so brave.
Yanni is so broke he's on the verge of bankruptcy.
Yanni is so concerned.
Yanni is so cool.
Yanni is so cute.
Yanni is so demanding.
Yanni is so dramatic.
Yanni is so excited today.
Yanni is so excited.
Yanni is so friendly.
Yanni is so generous.
Yanni is so good-looking.
Yanni is so good.
Yanni is so grateful for his happy life.
Yanni is so grateful that he was born in Algeria.
Yanni is so happy it's April.
Yanni is so happy.
Yanni is so headstrong.
Yanni is so hungry and thirsty.
Yanni is so hungry.
Yanni is so late.
Yanni is so lucky he didn't break his nose.
Yanni is so mad that he's not coming.
Yanni is so mad that he's not going to Skura's party.
Yanni is so mad.
Yanni is so nice.
Yanni is so proud of Skura.
Yanni is so proud of himself.
Yanni is so proud of his decision to convert to Islam.
Yanni is so proud of you, you know that?
Yanni is so quiet.
Yanni is so romantic.
Yanni is so sad.
Yanni is so scared of cats.
Yanni is so scruffy that people think he's a crazy and homeless person.
Yanni is so skinny.
Yanni is so special to Skura.
Yanni is so successful with that.
Yanni is so supportive.
Yanni is so sweet.
Yanni is so tall.
Yanni is so thankful for Skura's help.
Yanni is so tiny he could sleep in my pocket.
Yanni is so unhappy.
Yanni is so unprofessional.
Yanni is somehow responsible for his wife's death.
Yanni is someone Skura trusts.
Yanni is someone you don't want to mess with.
Yanni is sorry.
Yanni is speaking Berber again.
Yanni is speaking in Berber but Skura doesn't understand much of what he's saying.
Yanni is speaking in plain Berber.
Yanni is speaking to someone from Algeria.
Yanni is speaking.
Yanni is specialized in removing scratches from windshields.
Yanni is spending a lot of time at home.
Yanni is spending money to learn Berber.
Yanni is spending more and more time and money at the casino.
Yanni is spending most days with his new girlfriend, Skura.
Yanni is spending time with us.
Yanni is spending uncontrollably on cars.
Yanni is spying on Skura.
Yanni is staring at Rima's butt.
Yanni is staring at Skura.
Yanni is starting a new life in Algeria.
Yanni is starting a new life.
Yanni is starving and tired.
Yanni is starving.
Yanni is staying at home.
Yanni is staying here until he finishes college.
Yanni is staying in Algeria for the summer.
Yanni is staying in Skura's apartment.
Yanni is staying with friends in Algiers.
Yanni is still alive.
Yanni is still coming to grips with that question.
Yanni is still devastated.
Yanni is still in Algeria.
Yanni is still in Algiers, about forty minutes away.
Yanni is still in Algiers.
Yanni is still in a relationship with Rima.
Yanni is still in jail.
Yanni is still in that state.
Yanni is still in the house.
Yanni is still in the middle of nowhere.
Yanni is still in touch with Skura regularly.
Yanni is still laughing.
Yanni is still married.
Yanni is still not responding to Skura's letters.
Yanni is still nowhere to be found.
Yanni is still on Skura's mind.
Yanni is still on clutches.
Yanni is still on the line with 911.
Yanni is still on the phone.
Yanni is still paranoid that Skura will come to his office some day.
Yanni is still puking.
Yanni is still recovering from his car accident.
Yanni is still snoring.
Yanni is still struggling for his life.
Yanni is still the father of Skura's children.
Yanni is still thinking that the guy is Skura's boyfriend.
Yanni is still trying to cope with the experience.
Yanni is still very far from Algiers.
Yanni is still working.
Yanni is stranded in Algiers.
Yanni is stranded.
Yanni is striving for a perfect life.
Yanni is strong enough to fast during Ramadan.
Yanni is strongly devoted to his sobriety.
Yanni is struggling with borderline personality disorder.
Yanni is struggling with life.
Yanni is struggling with that.
Yanni is stuck in traffic.
Yanni is stuck.
Yanni is studying Berber at school.
Yanni is studying Berber.
Yanni is studying Shakespeare.
Yanni is studying at a local technical school.
Yanni is studying environmental science.
Yanni is studying to be a vet.
Yanni is studying.
Yanni is stupid.
Yanni is successful.
Yanni is such a kid.
Yanni is such an angel.
Yanni is suffering, too.
Yanni is super cute, too.
Yanni is super cute.
Yanni is super duper cute.
Yanni is super excited.
Yanni is super tired.
Yanni is superstitious about everything.
Yanni is superstitious.
Yanni is supposed to be Muslim.
Yanni is supposed to be in college.
Yanni is supposed to be in some psychiatric center.
Yanni is supposed to be safe in this environment.
Yanni is supposed to do that.
Yanni is supposed to go to the dentist.
Yanni is sure Skura is alone.
Yanni is sure Skura is by herself.
Yanni is sure about that.
Yanni is sure he passed out.
Yanni is sure.
Yanni is sweating.
Yanni is sweet and playful.
Yanni is swimming.
Yanni is taking Berber this year.
Yanni is taking a shower.
Yanni is taking a test.
Yanni is taking advantage of Skura.
Yanni is taking care of that.
Yanni is taking care of the children.
Yanni is taking it real hard.
Yanni is taking martial arts.
Yanni is taking off from the Algiers airport.
Yanni is taking photos.
Yanni is taking the cookies.
Yanni is taking the picture down.
Yanni is talkative.
Yanni is talking about Islam.
Yanni is talking about a sport Skura has never played.
Yanni is talking about how to fix bullseyes in windshields.
Yanni is talking about that.
Yanni is talking in code.
Yanni is talking to Rima too much.
Yanni is talking to Skura about his frustrations with his boss.
Yanni is talking to Skura again.
Yanni is talking to Skura in Berber.
Yanni is talking to the principal.
Yanni is talking with Skura.
Yanni is talking.
Yanni is tall and intimidating.
Yanni is tall and sports a manly moustache.
Yanni is taller than Skura by a foot.
Yanni is teaching Berber.
Yanni is teaching at the Algiers University.
Yanni is teaching his robot how to play chess.
Yanni is teaching us Berber.
Yanni is telling all his friends about that.
Yanni is telling the story of another person.
Yanni is tempted.
Yanni is terrified of skunks.
Yanni is texting someone else.
Yanni is thankful that he's here.
Yanni is the architect that designed this mosque.
Yanni is the best dentist you could possibly find in Algiers.
Yanni is the best guitarist in Algiers.
Yanni is the best.
Yanni is the boss and Skura is taking care of the books.
Yanni is the boss.
Yanni is the breadwinner.
Yanni is the cheating partner.
Yanni is the cheating spouse.
Yanni is the chief of a local Tuareg clan.
Yanni is the chosen one.
Yanni is the day manager of our convenience store.
Yanni is the devil.
Yanni is the essential breadwinner in the family.
Yanni is the exact opposite of his sister.
Yanni is the first Algerian athlete to ever win that tournament.
Yanni is the friendliest person in the world when it comes to strangest.
Yanni is the guy who very nearly took Skura's life.
Yanni is the heir to the throne.
Yanni is the king and we are his loyal subjects.
Yanni is the landlord.
Yanni is the man Skura was having an affair with.
Yanni is the mastermind behind the murders.
Yanni is the middle of Algeria. No telephone, no TV, no computer. He really loves this.
Yanni is the neighborhood's peeping Tom.
Yanni is the new owner of this hotel.
Yanni is the night manager.
Yanni is the number one suspect.
Yanni is the one who wants to go to the mosque.
Yanni is the only Muslim in his family.
Yanni is the only breadwinner in the family.
Yanni is the only survivor.
Yanni is the only weed in the garden of Skura's life.
Yanni is the owner of the farm.
Yanni is the perpetrator.
Yanni is the problem.
Yanni is the proprietor of this Algerian restaurant.
Yanni is the real killer.
Yanni is the same.
Yanni is the son of our family chauffeur.
Yanni is the supervisor on duty.
Yanni is the toughest kid in the neighborhood.
Yanni is the village chief.
Yanni is the village headsman.
Yanni is the worst teacher to ever exist.
Yanni is there with Skura.
Yanni is there with his partner.
Yanni is there, too.
Yanni is thinking about Skura.
Yanni is thinking.
Yanni is threatening to fire Skura.
Yanni is thrill his daughter is gonna be with him.
Yanni is thrilled.
Yanni is throwing up.
Yanni is tied down now. He's married and his wife is sick.
Yanni is tightening the bolt clockwise.
Yanni is tired and depressed.
Yanni is tired and starving.
Yanni is tired and would like to go to sleep.
Yanni is tired of Skura's destructive criticism.
Yanni is tired of living a lie.
Yanni is tired of traveling.
Yanni is tired today.
Yanni is tired.
Yanni is too aggressive.
Yanni is too attached to his mother.
Yanni is too good for Skura.
Yanni is too old.
Yanni is too perfectionistic.
Yanni is too scared to tell Skura.
Yanni is too strong to be mind-controlled.
Yanni is too tall.
Yanni is too tired to care anymore.
Yanni is too vulnerable for that.
Yanni is too young to make such a life-changing decision.
Yanni is touching Skura too much.
Yanni is tough.
Yanni is training his body to be stronger and faster.
Yanni is transparent with Rima.
Yanni is trapped in his body.
Yanni is trapped.
Yanni is traumatized.
Yanni is traveling around Algeria.
Yanni is traveling from Bejaia to Algiers.
Yanni is traveling in Japan.
Yanni is traveling to Algeria's southwest.
Yanni is traveling to Algiers.
Yanni is traveling to Japan.
Yanni is truly finished now.
Yanni is truly my given name.
Yanni is trustworthy.
Yanni is truthful with Rima.
Yanni is trying his best.
Yanni is trying his flirting techniques on Skura.
Yanni is trying to avoid that.
Yanni is trying to be a better husband.
Yanni is trying to better his life.
Yanni is trying to control Skura's mind.
Yanni is trying to cut down on calories.
Yanni is trying to do a little bit of everything at the same time.
Yanni is trying to earn some money to buy a Playstation.
Yanni is trying to figure out what Rima likes to eat.
Yanni is trying to fix the cracks in his windshield.
Yanni is trying to get a pizza.
Yanni is trying to get the camera to focus better on the windshield bullseye.
Yanni is trying to improve his home in Algiers.
Yanni is trying to leave Algeria by saving money.
Yanni is trying to live as a Muslim.
Yanni is trying to make Skura stay with him.
Yanni is trying to pick up new hobbies.
Yanni is trying to protect his money.
Yanni is trying to run Skura over.
Yanni is trying to sleep.
Yanni is trying to start a hotel company in Algeria.
Yanni is trying to study more about Islam.
Yanni is trying to study.
Yanni is trying to work the problem out.
Yanni is trying to work.
Yanni is turning red.
Yanni is tutoring Skura.
Yanni is twenty-four years Rima's junior.
Yanni is typing his story.
Yanni is unable to bond or make connections with his peers.
Yanni is uncomfortable with holding eye contact with people.
Yanni is under Skura's control.
Yanni is under the radar.
Yanni is undergoing treatment for alcoholism.
Yanni is understanding.
Yanni is unemployed and he needs all the help he could get.
Yanni is unfair.
Yanni is unfaithful spouse.
Yanni is unhappy.
Yanni is unpredictable. In fact, he's even frightening.
Yanni is up.
Yanni is used to getting his way.
Yanni is used to living paycheck to paycheck.
Yanni is using a bucket to go to the bathroom.
Yanni is using the computer.
Yanni is using the razor blade very carefully to take the sticker off.
Yanni is using this app to learn to speak Berber.
Yanni is using work as an excuse to introduce himself into Skura's personal life.
Yanni is usually quite comfortable when it comes to confronting strangers.
Yanni is very active in daawah.
Yanni is very afraid of dogs.
Yanni is very aggressive.
Yanni is very analytical.
Yanni is very attached to his parents.
Yanni is very carefree.
Yanni is very careful about that.
Yanni is very careful when he washes the windshield of his Ferrari.
Yanni is very creepy.
Yanni is very direct.
Yanni is very disappointed in Skura.
Yanni is very excited.
Yanni is very fit.
Yanni is very flirtatious.
Yanni is very fond of reading books about Islam.
Yanni is very generous in those things.
Yanni is very giving.
Yanni is very good at what he does.
Yanni is very good.
Yanni is very interested in computers.
Yanni is very interested in photography.
Yanni is very kind.
Yanni is very masculine.
Yanni is very optimistic for Algeria.
Yanni is very picky.
Yanni is very possessive and Skura can't stand clingy friends.
Yanni is very proud of Skura.
Yanni is very proud of all that he did.
Yanni is very proud of who he is.
Yanni is very punctual.
Yanni is very religious.
Yanni is very rude.
Yanni is very self-centered.
Yanni is very sick and can't fast.
Yanni is very sick and shouldn't fast.
Yanni is very socially awkward.
Yanni is very strong.
Yanni is very sweet and Skura likes him a lot.
Yanni is very sweet.
Yanni is very tall and has a moustache.
Yanni is very thankful for his friends.
Yanni is very tired.
Yanni is very tough in more ways than one.
Yanni is very upset about it.
Yanni is virgin.
Yanni is visiting Algeria this year.
Yanni is visiting Japan for the first time.
Yanni is visiting family in Algeria.
Yanni is vulnerable with Skura.
Yanni is vulnerable.
Yanni is waiting at the door for Skura.
Yanni is waiting for Skura to get home from working.
Yanni is waiting for Skura's call.
Yanni is waiting for details.
Yanni is waiting for his Algerian housemate.
Yanni is waiting for his call to be processed.
Yanni is waiting for iftar.
Yanni is waiting for the resin to cure.
Yanni is waiting for this.
Yanni is waiting.
Yanni is walking up the creaky steps.
Yanni is walking up the stairs.
Yanni is walking.
Yanni is was laughing at Skura's joke.
Yanni is washing his hands.
Yanni is washing the figs.
Yanni is washing the windshield.
Yanni is washing up.
Yanni is wasted.
Yanni is wasting his time.
Yanni is watching Skura.
Yanni is watching TV.
Yanni is watching the news.
Yanni is watching useless videos on YouTube.
Yanni is watching videos about Islam.
Yanni is watching.
Yanni is way too close.
Yanni is wearing a back brace.
Yanni is wearing a blue uniform.
Yanni is wearing a cast.
Yanni is wearing a new pair of sneakers.
Yanni is wearing a sling.
Yanni is wearing a wire.
Yanni is weaving a basket in the garage.
Yanni is weaving a basket.
Yanni is wet to the bone.
Yanni is willing to drive Skura to Algiers.
Yanni is willing to pay for it.
Yanni is willing to take Skura to Algiers.
Yanni is willing to talk.
Yanni is winning.
Yanni is with Rima.
Yanni is with Skura on the long run.
Yanni is with his family in Algeria.
Yanni is with his mama.
Yanni is working alongside Skura.
Yanni is working around the farm.
Yanni is working days.
Yanni is working from home.
Yanni is working hard to secure a better life.
Yanni is working his night shift.
Yanni is working his normal job.
Yanni is working on a novel trilogy.
Yanni is working on his goals.
Yanni is working on learning how to bend his knee again.
Yanni is working on many short-term goals.
Yanni is working on that.
Yanni is working so hard to build a company.
Yanni is working tonight.
Yanni is working with that tool.
Yanni is working.
Yanni is worried about Skura.
Yanni is worried about what the future might hold for Algeria.
Yanni is worried that Skura is going to abandon him.
Yanni is worried that Skura is going to leave him.
Yanni is worse.
Yanni is wrecking his own potential success.
Yanni is writing his assignment.
Yanni is writing.
Yanni is yelling at Skura.
Yanni is young and athletic.
Yanni is young and talented.
Yanni is young.
Yanni is younger than his sister.
Yanni is your dad for life.
Yanni is your mom's big brother.
Yanni isn't Muslim but he plays it pretty straight.
Yanni isn't Muslim.
Yanni isn't OK.
Yanni isn't a Muslim.
Yanni isn't a YouTuber.
Yanni isn't a great texter.
Yanni isn't a mama's boy.
Yanni isn't a party animal.
Yanni isn't a really big fan of that game.
Yanni isn't a stranger anymore.
Yanni isn't able to give anything to Skura.
Yanni isn't afraid of handling scorpions.
Yanni isn't afraid of living alone.
Yanni isn't all that bright.
Yanni isn't allowed to pull over here.
Yanni isn't always telling the complete truth.
Yanni isn't an Algerian national.
Yanni isn't an adult.
Yanni isn't as generous as he appears.
Yanni isn't as rich as his daddy.
Yanni isn't ashamed.
Yanni isn't asleep.
Yanni isn't being totally irrational.
Yanni isn't called the pig for nothing.
Yanni isn't comfortable with this situation anymore.
Yanni isn't correcting Rima.
Yanni isn't crazy.
Yanni isn't dating Rima.
Yanni isn't doing anything wrong.
Yanni isn't doing that for people. He's doing it for God.
Yanni isn't drunk.
Yanni isn't earning enough.
Yanni isn't eating enough.
Yanni isn't embarrassed of Skura.
Yanni isn't entirely sure if Ziri was the guy who tried to break in.
Yanni isn't entirely sure if Ziri was the guy who tried to break into his apartment.
Yanni isn't even aware of that.
Yanni isn't even close.
Yanni isn't exercising enough.
Yanni isn't expecting miracles.
Yanni isn't familiar with that game.
Yanni isn't feeling good.
Yanni isn't gay. He doesn't do man. He's married to a woman and has four children.
Yanni isn't getting my message.
Yanni isn't getting the validation that he needs from Skura.
Yanni isn't getting what he needs from his partner.
Yanni isn't going anywhere.
Yanni isn't going to be able to fast the whole month of Ramadan.
Yanni isn't going to be there.
Yanni isn't going to find the perfect person.
Yanni isn't going to hell.
Yanni isn't going to make it out of the coma.
Yanni isn't going to say it again.
Yanni isn't going to use that disgusting bag.
Yanni isn't going to win a prize anyway.
Yanni isn't gonna be happy.
Yanni isn't gonna make it.
Yanni isn't having his basic needs met.
Yanni isn't here for the money. He's here for experience.
Yanni isn't here.
Yanni isn't hiring a nanny.
Yanni isn't hiring anybody.
Yanni isn't home yet.
Yanni isn't hungry.
Yanni isn't hurt.
Yanni isn't in any of the photos.
Yanni isn't in his best mental state today.
Yanni isn't into Skura.
Yanni isn't learning Berber this year.
Yanni isn't learning Berber.
Yanni isn't meant to be in this building.
Yanni isn't nearly as tall or strong as Skura.
Yanni isn't on the highway anymore.
Yanni isn't our age.
Yanni isn't painting or doing anything.
Yanni isn't paying for that.
Yanni isn't perfect.
Yanni isn't playing by the rules.
Yanni isn't playing.
Yanni isn't providing enough.
Yanni isn't reading this book right now.
Yanni isn't real good with measurements.
Yanni isn't really good with measurements.
Yanni isn't really into smoking weed.
Yanni isn't really safe from an affair.
Yanni isn't receiving a livable wage.
Yanni isn't religious.
Yanni isn't rich at all.
Yanni isn't right.
Yanni isn't running for office.
Yanni isn't serious.
Yanni isn't sexually aroused by Skura.
Yanni isn't sick.
Yanni isn't studying Berber this year.
Yanni isn't supposed to answer this question.
Yanni isn't supposed to say that.
Yanni isn't supposed to speak to strangers.
Yanni isn't supposed to talk to strangers.
Yanni isn't sure how Rima died.
Yanni isn't sure.
Yanni isn't surprised.
Yanni isn't taking Skura back.
Yanni isn't the person Skura thought he was.
Yanni isn't the solution to Skura's marital problems. Far from it.
Yanni isn't there.
Yanni isn't through with Skura just yet.
Yanni isn't upset at all.
Yanni isn't working enough.
Yanni jacked his car up.
Yanni jacked the car up to change a tire.
Yanni jacked the car up.
Yanni jerked the car.
Yanni jingled his keys.
Yanni joined Skura's Facebook page.
Yanni joined Skura's religion.
Yanni joined a Scientology group.
Yanni joined the Algerian army.
Yanni joined the army.
Yanni joined the communist party.
Yanni joined the group.
Yanni joined the party.
Yanni joined the project.
Yanni judged Muslims so harshly.
Yanni judged and shamed Rima.
Yanni jumped awake.
Yanni jumped away.
Yanni jumped back into his car.
Yanni jumped backwards.
Yanni jumped head first into that marriage.
Yanni jumped in the box of Skura's truck.
Yanni jumped on the boat.
Yanni jumped out of his chair.
Yanni jumped out of the car.
Yanni jumped to Islam.
Yanni jumped up from the floor.
Yanni jumped.
Yanni jumps from relationships a lot.
Yanni just adopted another child.
Yanni just ate.
Yanni just bought the cheapest windshield.
Yanni just came from Algiers.
Yanni just can't manage all of that drama all the time.
Yanni just casually walked back to his car.
Yanni just cried.
Yanni just did it.
Yanni just did that.
Yanni just died.
Yanni just finished the last step.
Yanni just fixed this windshield last year.
Yanni just found his story.
Yanni just from outside Bejaia, Algeria.
Yanni just gave up and left.
Yanni just had some personal business to take care of.
Yanni just has a few questions to ask.
Yanni just has to do it and see what happens.
Yanni just heard the news.
Yanni just ignored that.
Yanni just laughed.
Yanni just left.
Yanni just made fun of Skura.
Yanni just needs a ride.
Yanni just needs to talk to Skura.
Yanni just nodded yes.
Yanni just replaced this windshield last year.
Yanni just said no.
Yanni just said that like four minutes ago.
Yanni just said that.
Yanni just sat there, crying.
Yanni just shot Skura.
Yanni just shrugged his shoulders and left.
Yanni just snapped.
Yanni just thought of that.
Yanni just waited and waited.
Yanni just waited.
Yanni just wanted to be friends and that was fine.
Yanni just wanted to get home to Algiers.
Yanni just wanted to go home.
Yanni just wanted to move on with his life.
Yanni just wants to go home.
Yanni just whispered.
Yanni just won.
Yanni keeps Skura company.
Yanni keeps everything secret.
Yanni keeps his back brace very loose.
Yanni keeps his burned-out light bulbs in a sealable container.
Yanni keeps his fig jam in recycled jars.
Yanni keeps his fig jam in the pantry.
Yanni kept Skura distracted.
Yanni kept Skura informed.
Yanni kept Skura posted.
Yanni kept Skura updated.
Yanni kept a diary back then.
Yanni kept a diary in Berber.
Yanni kept a journal.
Yanni kept a rabbit in his garden shed.
Yanni kept a raccoon in his motel room.
Yanni kept a tight rein on his assets.
Yanni kept all doors locked.
Yanni kept asking Skura if she wanted to go back to Algeria.
Yanni kept calling Skura beautiful.
Yanni kept calling Skura the entire time that we were there.
Yanni kept changing his wiping blades.
Yanni kept coming back.
Yanni kept eating.
Yanni kept feelings those things.
Yanni kept following Skura around the supermarket.
Yanni kept hearing noises from any direction in mosque.
Yanni kept himself busy especially at the church.
Yanni kept his cool.
Yanni kept his crazy gaze on that nurse.
Yanni kept his flirting pretty subtle.
Yanni kept his gaze fixed on Skura.
Yanni kept his girlfriend as far away from his parents as possible.
Yanni kept his goats in the barn.
Yanni kept his good humor.
Yanni kept his guard up.
Yanni kept his promises.
Yanni kept his relationship with Skura very private.
Yanni kept his students updated.
Yanni kept hitting Skura's rear window until it shattered.
Yanni kept ignoring that girl.
Yanni kept insisting that nothing was wrong.
Yanni kept inviting Skura over to his house.
Yanni kept it short.
Yanni kept kicking Skura's rear window until it shattered into a million shards.
Yanni kept kicking the door although he was nowhere close to breaking it down.
Yanni kept minimizing things.
Yanni kept on knocking louder and louder.
Yanni kept praying in Berber.
Yanni kept reminding Skura that he was Muslim and that he couldn't drink.
Yanni kept saying he was sorry for not being Algerian.
Yanni kept saying the word "please."
Yanni kept scraping the resin away.
Yanni kept spending a lot.
Yanni kept teaching Berber at the library.
Yanni kept that gold chain.
Yanni kept that home as a rent house.
Yanni kept that one.
Yanni kept the affair going.
Yanni kept the chickens in the garden shed.
Yanni kept the conversation going.
Yanni kept the guest entertained.
Yanni kept the picture in a closet.
Yanni kept the profits he made.
Yanni kept the same pace.
Yanni kept the store open.
Yanni kept the videos short.
Yanni kept things pretty subtle.
Yanni kept thinking of Skura's weird smirk.
Yanni kept to himself a lot.
Yanni kept track of Rima's articles.
Yanni kept trying to lead Skura in a different direction.
Yanni kept walking.
Yanni kept yelling at Skura.
Yanni kicked a ball.
Yanni kicked his daughter Skura out of his house and when she tried to return, she was repeatedly rejected.
Yanni kicked that box to the curb.
Yanni kicked the door down.
Yanni kicked the door in Skura's face.
Yanni kicked the door shut.
Yanni kicked the front door down.
Yanni kicked the weapon from Skura's hand.
Yanni kicks his covers off when he's asleep.
Yanni killed Skura and caused out family to break up.
Yanni killed Skura and left a lot of kids without a mother.
Yanni killed Skura and robbed everyone of this wonderful woman.
Yanni killed Skura in cold blood.
Yanni killed Skura in front of their own children.
Yanni killed Skura in self-defense.
Yanni killed Skura's mother.
Yanni killed Skura.
Yanni killed a big buck.
Yanni killed a huge scorpion in the backyard.
Yanni killed a moose.
Yanni killed himself in front of Skura.
Yanni killed his dog.
Yanni killed his own children.
Yanni killed his wife to claim her life insurance.
Yanni killed people.
Yanni killed the light.
Yanni killed the witch.
Yanni kills rude bosses with kindness.
Yanni kind of kept to himself.
Yanni kissed Rima on her cheek.
Yanni kissed Rima on her lips.
Yanni kissed Skura all the time.
Yanni kissed Skura on her cheek.
Yanni kissed his girlfriend.
Yanni kisses Skura all the time.
Yanni kneeled on that mat.
Yanni knew Rima as a neighbor.
Yanni knew Rima in person.
Yanni knew Skura from college.
Yanni knew Skura had a safe.
Yanni knew Skura had a temper.
Yanni knew Skura smoked pot.
Yanni knew Skura spoke the truth.
Yanni knew Skura was a liar.
Yanni knew Skura was a prostitute.
Yanni knew Skura was bipolar.
Yanni knew Skura was divorced.
Yanni knew Skura was in here.
Yanni knew Skura's camera wasn't charged.
Yanni knew Skura's handwriting.
Yanni knew Skura's major.
Yanni knew Skura's name.
Yanni knew Ziri was in a gang.
Yanni knew a woman from Algeria named Skura.
Yanni knew at the time that something was wrong.
Yanni knew he was going to pass his driving test.
Yanni knew he would never reach his destination.
Yanni knew his family was poor.
Yanni knew his way back.
Yanni knew nothing about Islam.
Yanni knew nothing about the place.
Yanni knew right away that he made a mistake.
Yanni knew some Berber.
Yanni knew someone was outside.
Yanni knew something was going on.
Yanni knew something was wrong.
Yanni knew that Skura was studying the Quran.
Yanni knew that Skura was studying the religion of Islam.
Yanni knew that Skura was there.
Yanni knew that his life as an actor was probably never going to happen.
Yanni knew that his life was short.
Yanni knew that his wife was cheating on him.
Yanni knew that straightforward.
Yanni knew that.
Yanni knew the baby wasn't his.
Yanni knew there was no option.
Yanni knew what he had to do.
Yanni knew what he saw.
Yanni knew what was going on.
Yanni knew where his wife went.
Yanni knew who that blue car belonged to.
Yanni knew who that girl was.
Yanni knew, didn't he?
Yanni knew.
Yanni knifed Skura forty times.
Yanni knocked Skura over, she fell and smacked her head against the ground.
Yanni knocked Skura unconscious.
Yanni knocked on the front door but did not get a response.
Yanni knows Algeria very well.
Yanni knows Algiers like the back of his hand.
Yanni knows Cat Stevens.
Yanni knows Islam so perfectly.
Yanni knows Islam very well.
Yanni knows Narita Airport very well.
Yanni knows Rima from a dating app.
Yanni knows Rima loves him.
Yanni knows Rima's family.
Yanni knows Skura all too well. She doesn't like to lose.
Yanni knows Skura all too well. She's insanely jealous.
Yanni knows Skura can do it.
Yanni knows Skura is a very good dancer.
Yanni knows Skura is lying.
Yanni knows Skura platonically.
Yanni knows Skura very well.
Yanni knows Skura was locked up in an institution.
Yanni knows Skura well.
Yanni knows Skura's last name.
Yanni knows Skura's real history.
Yanni knows Skura's real name.
Yanni knows Skura.
Yanni knows a certain amount of Berber vocabulary.
Yanni knows a lot about body language.
Yanni knows a lot about scorpions.
Yanni knows a lot of things about Islam.
Yanni knows a lot of things.
Yanni knows a much safer way to do this.
Yanni knows a nice kebab place in this neighborhood.
Yanni knows about Skura's affair but he can't control her.
Yanni knows about Skura's affair.
Yanni knows about Skura's male friend.
Yanni knows all things related to insects.
Yanni knows best how to drive in Algiers.
Yanni knows every neighborhood of Algiers.
Yanni knows everything about Algiers.
Yanni knows everything about Islam and Muslim culture.
Yanni knows everything about windshields.
Yanni knows everything he needs to know about women.
Yanni knows everything related to the Berber language.
Yanni knows everything.
Yanni knows exactly what he needs to do.
Yanni knows exactly where Skura is standing.
Yanni knows he has failed his driving test.
Yanni knows he's ready.
Yanni knows her name.
Yanni knows his limit.
Yanni knows how much this computer is going to cost.
Yanni knows how to conduct his experiments.
Yanni knows how to exploit their blunders.
Yanni knows how to manage his emotions.
Yanni knows how to pray.
Yanni knows how to repair a chipped windshield.
Yanni knows how to replace a two gang light switch.
Yanni knows how to ski.
Yanni knows how to teach Berber.
Yanni knows it all.
Yanni knows lots of facts about Algeria.
Yanni knows many Bigfoot stories.
Yanni knows me.
Yanni knows people from Algiers.
Yanni knows precisely when a pizza is done cooking.
Yanni knows somebody who is in an affair.
Yanni knows someone in that neighborhood.
Yanni knows that Skura doesn't celebrate Christmas.
Yanni knows that Skura has been through a lot.
Yanni knows that Skura has just moved in.
Yanni knows that Skura knows.
Yanni knows that dating is scary.
Yanni knows that he's safe.
Yanni knows that love is blind.
Yanni knows that noise.
Yanni knows that sound.
Yanni knows that, Skura.
Yanni knows that, you know.
Yanni knows that.
Yanni knows the Quran well.
Yanni knows the Sahara Desert like the back of his hand.
Yanni knows the artist.
Yanni knows the difference between them.
Yanni knows the place by heart.
Yanni knows the route by heart.
Yanni knows the ruse.
Yanni knows the story of Muhammad, peace be upon him.
Yanni knows the underbelly of Algiers very well.
Yanni knows there's much more in life to achieve.
Yanni knows this Berber song since childhood.
Yanni knows what Skura looks like.
Yanni knows what Skura means.
Yanni knows what he wants from life.
Yanni knows what he's doing.
Yanni knows what he's supposed to do.
Yanni knows what's happening here in this community.
Yanni knows where Skura can get a job.
Yanni knows where Skura is.
Yanni knows where his dad keeps his gun.
Yanni knows where the security cameras are located.
Yanni knows who really killed Skura.
Yanni knows who's boss.
Yanni knows you.
Yanni knows.
Yanni lacks confidence.
Yanni lacks empathy.
Yanni laid his arm on Skura's thigh.
Yanni landed a lucrative football scholarship in Texas.
Yanni landed early in the morning in Algeria.
Yanni landed in Japan.
Yanni lashed out at Skura.
Yanni last ate at four.
Yanni laughed a little nervously.
Yanni laughed at nothing.
Yanni laughed his butt off.
Yanni lavished Skura with compliments.
Yanni lavished Skura with jewelry.
Yanni lay down in bed again.
Yanni lay on the floor motionless with a gunshot to his head.
Yanni lay on the floor, motionless, with a gunshot to his head.
Yanni leaned against the tree.
Yanni leaned back.
Yanni leaned in to kiss Rima on her lips.
Yanni leaned in to kiss Rima.
Yanni leaned over against the door.
Yanni leaned towards Skura and kissed her.
Yanni leaned towards Skura.
Yanni leapt into another tree like a monkey.
Yanni learned Arabic in an Algiers kindergarten.
Yanni learned Berber and Arabic.
Yanni learned Berber from Algerian movies.
Yanni learned Berber songs.
Yanni learned Skura had terminal cancer.
Yanni learned Skura was pregnant.
Yanni learned a lot about Islam.
Yanni learned a lot about the Muslim faith.
Yanni learned a lot about the religion of Islam.
Yanni learned a lot from Skura.
Yanni learned a lot of things.
Yanni learned about Islam.
Yanni learned everything about Islam.
Yanni learned from Skura's lesson.
Yanni learned general Berber.
Yanni learned how to fill out a job application.
Yanni learned how to milk goats.
Yanni learned how to pray pretty well.
Yanni learned how to read the Quran.
Yanni learned how to shear sheep.
Yanni learned how to speak Berber like his grandfather.
Yanni learned how to use the pedals.
Yanni learned karate.
Yanni learned lots of new Berber words.
Yanni learned some Berber.
Yanni learned that from a confidential source.
Yanni learned to be detached.
Yanni learned to drive a manual car.
Yanni learned to love Skura.
Yanni learned to sign his name by forging his father's signature.
Yanni learned to speak Berber in just a few weeks.
Yanni learned very interesting tips about learning Berber.
Yanni leased a building in nearby Algiers.
Yanni leaves girlfriends very quickly.
Yanni leaves the nanny cam on 24/7.
Yanni led a nomadic life with his girlfriend, Skura.
Yanni left Algeria for Tunisia.
Yanni left Algeria for good.
Yanni left Algeria immediately.
Yanni left Algeria in 2004.
Yanni left Algeria to deal with his family problems in Germany.
Yanni left Algeria.
Yanni left Algiers around 4:00 PM.
Yanni left Algiers to attend college in Bejaia.
Yanni left Algiers to study at the Bejaia University.
Yanni left Algiers.
Yanni left Mila's quiet life to enter Algiers' criminal underbelly.
Yanni left Rima for good.
Yanni left Rima in the lobby.
Yanni left Rima there to rot.
Yanni left Skura a flower in her car.
Yanni left Skura a gift. A Berber dictionary.
Yanni left Skura behind.
Yanni left Skura for dead but she had some life left when the police arrived.
Yanni left Skura for this British woman.
Yanni left Skura in the car alone.
Yanni left Skura naked in the country.
Yanni left Skura nasty comments.
Yanni left Skura out there.
Yanni left Skura stranded downtown.
Yanni left Skura the number for his cell.
Yanni left Skura there.
Yanni left Skura, too.
Yanni left Skura.
Yanni left a comment.
Yanni left a message on Skura's voice mail.
Yanni left a message to Skura.
Yanni left a message.
Yanni left a number.
Yanni left after what felt like forever.
Yanni left all his stuff back in the mosque.
Yanni left all the stuff behind and went back to his tent.
Yanni left as abruptly as he came.
Yanni left at around eight in the evening.
Yanni left before Skura called the cops.
Yanni left both Rima and Skura with nothing.
Yanni left by walking quickly.
Yanni left early.
Yanni left everything and moved to Algeria.
Yanni left everything in place for a few minutes.
Yanni left for Algiers at first light.
Yanni left for work.
Yanni left his apartment to Skura.
Yanni left his back brace in the trunk of his car.
Yanni left his backpack at the mosque.
Yanni left his beautiful mansion to rot.
Yanni left his book in the park.
Yanni left his book in the woods.
Yanni left his book on the beach.
Yanni left his brushes here.
Yanni left his car out in the sun for the last four days.
Yanni left his family behind in Algeria.
Yanni left his family behind to study in Algeria.
Yanni left his house to Skura.
Yanni left his lights on.
Yanni left his personal belongings.
Yanni left his phone at home.
Yanni left his phone in the bathroom.
Yanni left his phone in the kitchen.
Yanni left his plates on the table.
Yanni left his spot.
Yanni left his wife.
Yanni left home early in the morning.
Yanni left later that afternoon.
Yanni left nothing to chance.
Yanni left one more time.
Yanni left quickly after that.
Yanni left the Navy.
Yanni left the bar after the fight.
Yanni left the bathroom light on.
Yanni left the bathroom.
Yanni left the blinds open.
Yanni left the camp early in the morning.
Yanni left the car on because he knew Skura would be back soon.
Yanni left the car outside.
Yanni left the car running.
Yanni left the church on a motorcycle.
Yanni left the coast of Algeria and drove inland, towards the city of Ghardaia.
Yanni left the door of the closet open.
Yanni left the facility at four.
Yanni left the fire burning at the camp site.
Yanni left the flowers on Skura's porch.
Yanni left the garage walking through the mud.
Yanni left the hospital.
Yanni left the house with his luggage.
Yanni left the house.
Yanni left the mosque at midnight.
Yanni left the mosque to check his car.
Yanni left the mosque.
Yanni left the party sober as a judge.
Yanni left the porch light on.
Yanni left the presents there.
Yanni left the resin for fifteen minutes in the sun to cure.
Yanni left the room dancing.
Yanni left the room quickly.
Yanni left the store and went to his car.
Yanni left the store immediately.
Yanni left the store without punching out.
Yanni left the store.
Yanni left the supermarket without purchasing anything.
Yanni left the switch in the on position.
Yanni left the theater.
Yanni left to Algiers to take care of his ailing mother.
Yanni left town quickly and quietly.
Yanni left town to join the military.
Yanni left us.
Yanni left without warning.
Yanni left work immediately.
Yanni left work to go home.
Yanni left.
Yanni legally changed his name to Ziri.
Yanni lent Skura a hand with her contracting business.
Yanni lent Skura his Berber dictionary.
Yanni lent Skura his wire stripper.
Yanni lent a sympathetic ear to Skura's complaints.
Yanni let Skura do that.
Yanni let Skura do the talking.
Yanni let Skura go through his house calling for Mira.
Yanni let Skura go to the concert.
Yanni let Skura go to the party.
Yanni let Skura go.
Yanni let Skura his stapler.
Yanni let Skura know that he was interested in her.
Yanni let Skura out of the car.
Yanni let Skura try to fast during Ramadan.
Yanni let Skura warm up by the fire.
Yanni let Ziri go to the game.
Yanni let go of Skura's hand.
Yanni let himself into Skura's car.
Yanni let his car cool off.
Yanni let his girlfriend take his car to work.
Yanni let out a disturbing moan.
Yanni let the dog outside.
Yanni let the dogs out at night.
Yanni let the resin cure for almost half an hour.
Yanni let the resin cure.
Yanni let the resin sit for twenty minutes.
Yanni let the water run smoothly.
Yanni lets Skura drive sometimes.
Yanni lied about his age.
Yanni lied in bed.
Yanni lied on the carpet of the mosque.
Yanni lied to Rima.
Yanni lied to his parents practically the entire time.
Yanni lied.
Yanni lies.
Yanni lifted his head up.
Yanni lifted the lid quickly.
Yanni lightly pinched Skura's hand.
Yanni liked Berber as soon as he heard it.
Yanni liked Skura's article.
Yanni liked Skura's baby pictures.
Yanni liked Skura's name.
Yanni liked Skura's poems.
Yanni liked Skura's story.
Yanni liked Skura's video.
Yanni liked Skura.
Yanni liked and shared the video.
Yanni liked being showy.
Yanni liked drawing attention to himself.
Yanni liked everything about Skura.
Yanni liked everything to be very clean.
Yanni liked everything very clean.
Yanni liked freak shows.
Yanni liked it.
Yanni liked living in Algeria.
Yanni liked teaching Berber.
Yanni liked that car.
Yanni liked that.
Yanni liked the Berber teacher instantly.
Yanni liked this.
Yanni liked to believe that he could call all the shots.
Yanni liked to explore abandoned houses.
Yanni liked to have control.
Yanni liked to hit children.
Yanni liked to hit women.
Yanni liked very much to flirt with young women.
Yanni likes Algerian traditional food.
Yanni likes German Shepherds.
Yanni likes Skura a lot.
Yanni likes Skura but he isn't showing it.
Yanni likes Skura's friends.
Yanni likes Skura.
Yanni likes Spanish goats.
Yanni likes black girls.
Yanni likes conversations that showcase his personality.
Yanni likes driving in Algeria.
Yanni likes driving in Algiers at night.
Yanni likes driving on the highway.
Yanni likes eggs.
Yanni likes fig jam.
Yanni likes girls like Rima.
Yanni likes having the TV playing in the background as he's browsing the Internet.
Yanni likes his car.
Yanni likes it here, too.
Yanni likes jam.
Yanni likes keeping Skura busy.
Yanni likes learning.
Yanni likes living in Algeria.
Yanni likes macaroni and cheese.
Yanni likes meditating during Ramadan.
Yanni likes meditating during the holy month of Ramadan.
Yanni likes painting pictures of Jesus.
Yanni likes porno movies.
Yanni likes pulling stupid pranks.
Yanni likes punk rock.
Yanni likes rock n' roll.
Yanni likes scratching his butt then smell his hand.
Yanni likes staying alone.
Yanni likes tattoos.
Yanni likes teaching Berber.
Yanni likes that girl.
Yanni likes that woman.
Yanni likes that.
Yanni likes the way that Skura looks.
Yanni likes this so much.
Yanni likes to do most things alone.
Yanni likes to drive in the fast lane.
Yanni likes to get his own way.
Yanni likes to nickname this London neighborhood as "Little Algiers."
Yanni likes to overeat.
Yanni likes to party.
Yanni likes to see the best in people.
Yanni likes trouble.
Yanni likes vampire stories.
Yanni likes videos like this.
Yanni likes what Skura did.
Yanni likes you.
Yanni lingered around that aisle.
Yanni listened carefully.
Yanni listened for about five minutes.
Yanni listened to Skura's conversation with Nuja.
Yanni listened to a pop band.
Yanni listened to lectures about Islam online.
Yanni listened to me.
Yanni listens generously to his girlfriend.
Yanni listens to Berber every day.
Yanni listens to Idir.
Yanni listens to Islamic radio stations.
Yanni listens to Michael Jackson.
Yanni listens to country music.
Yanni listens to the Quran.
Yanni listens.
Yanni lit his bed on fire.
Yanni lit the fire.
Yanni literally cried.
Yanni literally saved Skura's life.
Yanni literally showed no emotion.
Yanni literally threw Skura out of the car into the rain.
Yanni literally urinated in his pants.
Yanni lived a couple of blocks away.
Yanni lived a painful life.
Yanni lived a partying lifestyle.
Yanni lived a very luxurious lifestyle.
Yanni lived a very successful life.
Yanni lived alone with his sheep and goats in the middle of nowhere.
Yanni lived between five and ten minutes away from Skura's house.
Yanni lived four neighborhoods over.
Yanni lived his entire life in a single place.
Yanni lived his life in a reckless way.
Yanni lived in Algeria about four years ago.
Yanni lived in Algeria and heat waves are nothing new to him.
Yanni lived in Algeria for a little over a year.
Yanni lived in Algeria for four years.
Yanni lived in Algeria for many years.
Yanni lived in Algeria his whole life.
Yanni lived in Algeria until he moved to Tunisia.
Yanni lived in Algeria which his parents and four other siblings.
Yanni lived in Algeria with his mom and sister.
Yanni lived in Algiers about four years ago.
Yanni lived in Algiers and Skura, in a nearby city.
Yanni lived in Algiers for a brief amount of time.
Yanni lived in Algiers for a year.
Yanni lived in Algiers for about a year.
Yanni lived in Algiers for the entirety of his childhood.
Yanni lived in Algiers for years.
Yanni lived in Algiers in the late forties.
Yanni lived in Algiers until very recently.
Yanni lived in Algiers where he studied interior design.
Yanni lived in Algiers with his mom.
Yanni lived in Algiers' historic district.
Yanni lived in Kabylie, Algeria, where he enjoyed a basic lifestyle.
Yanni lived in a basement.
Yanni lived in a chaotic home.
Yanni lived in a fairly warm place.
Yanni lived in a little house.
Yanni lived in a little hut in the forest.
Yanni lived in a little town in Algeria.
Yanni lived in a neighborhood of Marseilles known for prostitution.
Yanni lived in a nice house in Algiers.
Yanni lived in a nice part of town.
Yanni lived in a normal suburban house in Algiers.
Yanni lived in a pretty rough neighborhood.
Yanni lived in a rather sketchy area downtown.
Yanni lived in a small town in Algeria.
Yanni lived in a small town in rural Algeria.
Yanni lived in a small town in the south of Algeria.
Yanni lived in a suburban area.
Yanni lived in a very weird mansion.
Yanni lived in a weird house.
Yanni lived in a working town.
Yanni lived in an Algerian city called Bejaia.
Yanni lived in an apartment complex in Algiers.
Yanni lived in an apartment complex right next to a supermarket.
Yanni lived in an apartment in Algiers.
Yanni lived in another area.
Yanni lived in downtown Algiers.
Yanni lived in his dream home in Algiers.
Yanni lived in the middle of nowhere.
Yanni lived in this apartment.
Yanni lived near an asylum.
Yanni lived next to a corn field.
Yanni lived on the fringes of society.
Yanni lived on the outskirts of town.
Yanni lived on top of a hill.
Yanni lived somewhere in Algeria.
Yanni lived there.
Yanni lived with Skura for four years, but unlike her, he's not into horses.
Yanni lived with Skura for most of his life.
Yanni lived with a Muslim family.
Yanni lived with a Muslim refugee from Myanmar for a year and a half.
Yanni lived with an uncle.
Yanni lived with his family in Bejaia, Algeria.
Yanni lived with his girlfriend in a flat.
Yanni lived with his girlfriend in an apartment.
Yanni lives a few miles down the road.
Yanni lives a precarious existence in Algiers.
Yanni lives a precarious life in Algiers.
Yanni lives a privileged life thanks to his parents.
Yanni lives a segregated life in a lofty villa in Algiers.
Yanni lives a state away from Skura.
Yanni lives about a mile away.
Yanni lives about an hour and a half away.
Yanni lives about forty minutes from Skura's home.
Yanni lives across the hall from Tom.
Yanni lives and works in Algiers.
Yanni lives at the farm.
Yanni lives at the neighborhood's edge.
Yanni lives at the same apartment complex as Skura.
Yanni lives by himself.
Yanni lives by the three be's: be honest, be humble and be punctual.
Yanni lives close by.
Yanni lives deep within the countryside of Kabylie, Algeria.
Yanni lives directly to my right.
Yanni lives downstairs.
Yanni lives forty miles from Algiers.
Yanni lives forty miles south of Algiers.
Yanni lives four cities away.
Yanni lives four minutes from Skura's house.
Yanni lives half an hour from the supermarket.
Yanni lives here in Algiers.
Yanni lives here in the basement.
Yanni lives here now.
Yanni lives here.
Yanni lives in Algeria all year long with his wife.
Yanni lives in Algeria and he's from a small rural town.
Yanni lives in Algeria and never really felt unsafe.
Yanni lives in Algeria but he's not Muslim.
Yanni lives in Algeria now.
Yanni lives in Algeria, in a fairly small city.
Yanni lives in Algeria.
Yanni lives in Algiers and he can see the Martyrs' Memorial any time.
Yanni lives in Algiers and we live in Bejaia.
Yanni lives in Algiers with his girlfriend.
Yanni lives in Algiers, so the rent is high and he needs a good-paying job.
Yanni lives in Algiers, too.
Yanni lives in Bejaia, Algeria.
Yanni lives in East Jerusalem.
Yanni lives in Kouba, in Algiers.
Yanni lives in Skura's basement.
Yanni lives in a basement.
Yanni lives in a beautiful apartment.
Yanni lives in a beautiful town.
Yanni lives in a boring residential area of Algiers.
Yanni lives in a completely different world.
Yanni lives in a constant state of stress.
Yanni lives in a country called Algeria.
Yanni lives in a crappy part of Algiers with his parents.
Yanni lives in a crappy part of Paris.
Yanni lives in a different city of Algeria.
Yanni lives in a different country.
Yanni lives in a fairly bad neighborhood.
Yanni lives in a fairly small city in Algeria.
Yanni lives in a fairly small town.
Yanni lives in a foreign country.
Yanni lives in a forested area.
Yanni lives in a gated compound.
Yanni lives in a good place.
