They've let the hostages go.
They've lied to me so many times.
They've lied to me.
They've liked each other since they were little.
They've listed everything, haven't they?
They've lived happily ever since.
They've lived happily since their marriage.
They've lived here since the year dot.
They've located Tom.
They've located her.
They've located him.
They've locked themselves in their rooms.
They've lost all credibility.
They've lost confidence in themselves.
They've lost everything.
They've lost so much.
They've lost strategically, operationally, and tactically.
They've lost the ability to think of anything outside of their all-consuming culture war.
They've lost the key to the drawer.
They've lost the war.
They've lost their cars keys.
They've lost their hearing.
They've lost their jobs and their houses.
They've lost their minds.
They've lost their new umbrellas.
They've lost their passports.
They've lost their touch.
They've lost their umbrellas again.
They've lost their umbrellas.
They've lost their voices.
They've lost their way.
They've lost touch with reality.
They've made a start.
They've made fools of themselves.
They've made improvements.
They've made mistakes.
They've made my life a living hell.
They've made the situation worse.
They've made their choice.
They've made their share of mistakes.
They've made themselves clear.
They've made up their minds already.
They've made up their minds not to come.
They've made up their minds.
They've made wheat flour and sugar illegal.
They've made you a laughingstock!
They've made you the butt of all jokes!
They've messed it up.
They've missed the boat.
They've moved house.
They've moved the entrance.
They've moved.
They've never asked me to help them.
They've never been happy.
They've never been heard of since.
They've never been ill in their lives.
They've never been sick in their lives.
They've never been to Paris, although they have been to France several times.
They've never ever worked a day in their life.
They've never got enough money.
They've never heard of me, have they?
They've never met.
They've never said it wasn't true; they're always just saying it is a conspiracy theory.
They've never said they were sorry.
They've never spoken about it.
They've never told the truth before. Why would they be telling the truth now?
They've never visited Australia.
They've never voted in their lives.
They've never worked in their lives.
They've no child, but they've two Guinea pigs.
They've offered a reward of three million dollars for information leading to an arrest.
They've often cooked together.
They've ousted the president!
They've outgrown their clothes.
They've outlived many of their friends.
They've overstayed their visas.
They've paid back what they owe us.
They've painted the wall yellow.
They've painted their room white.
They've passed all their exams.
They've planted jasmine and an olive.
They've poisoned themselves.
They've poisoned us.
They've promised that they'll do that.
They've promised they'll do that.
They've proved it multiple times.
They've proved their worth.
They've proved themselves.
They've provided the library with a lot of books.
They've put the value of the estate at three hundred thousand dollars.
They've put their car up for sale.
They've put their house up for sale.
They've put their houses up for sale.
They've put their trust in you.
They've put up the Christmas lights.
They've quit their jobs.
They've read that book before.
They've read this book before.
They've realized they should stop discrimination against gays.
They've really let themselves go.
They've received €2.700 in compensation from the state.
They've recently lost their jobs.
They've recently patched WoW. Wanna farm the new dungeon? The party is waiting.
They've recently tried to introduce the word "petaloso" into Italian.
They've refused do so.
They've rejected my offer on the house.
They've released Tom.
They've released her.
They've released him.
They've released the hostages.
They've released us.
They've remained in the dark for too long.
They've remained silent for too long.
They've reopened the ski slopes.
They've reserved some seats.
They've restored my faith in humanity.
They've returned from their trip.
They've returned to Croatia.
They've run this small hotel since it was established.
They've sacked him.
They've said that they can't do that.
They've said that they can't win.
They've said that they have to do that.
They've said that they intend to do that.
They've said that they need to do that.
They've said that they should do that.
They've said that they want to do that.
They've said that they won't do that again.
They've said that they won't do that.
They've said that they won't win.
They've said that they'll do that.
They've said that they'll win.
They've said they can't do that.
They've said they can't win.
They've said they have to do that.
They've said they intend to do that.
They've said they need to do that.
They've said they should do that.
They've said they want to do that.
They've said they won't do that again.
They've said they won't do that.
They've said they won't win.
They've said they'll do that.
They've said they'll win.
They've sealed their own fate.
They've seen Tom.
They've seen better days.
They've seen her.
They've seen him.
They've seen our faces.
They've seen them.
They've shown us what they can do.
They've shut down the computer.
They've simply given up hope.
They've sold about three hundred of them already.
They've sold all of their land.
They've sold all their land.
They've sold the rest of their books.
They've sold their companies.
They've sold their company.
They've sold their house and car in preparation for leaving the country.
They've sown spy equipment under this cat's fur.
They've spent their money well.
They've spent years preparing defensive position.
They've spotted us.
They've stalled the engine.
They've started believing their own lies.
They've still got Tom.
They've still got a lot to prove.
They've still got her.
They've still got him.
They've stolen everything.
They've stolen from their friends.
They've stopped firing.
They've stopped selling those.
They've stopped smoking.
They've stopped.
They've suddenly gone quiet.
They've suffered a defeat.
They've suffered enough.
They've suffered tremendously.
They've supported us.
They've taken Tom home.
They've taken Tom into protective custody.
They've taken Tom off life support.
They've taken Tom to hospital.
They've taken Tom to the hospital.
They've taken Tom.
They've taken a day off.
They've taken three shots at it.
They've thrown out the baby with the bathwater.
They've tightened security at the airport.
They've told me that they can do that.
They've told me that they can swim.
They've told me that they can win.
They've told me that they can't do that.
They've told me that they can't win.
They've told me that they have to do that.
They've told me that they need to do that.
They've told me that they want to do that.
They've told me that they want to win.
They've told me that they won't do that.
They've told me that they'll do that.
They've told me they can do that.
They've told me they can swim.
They've told me they can win.
They've told me they can't do that.
They've told me they can't win.
They've told me they have to do that.
They've told me they need to do that.
They've told me they want to do that.
They've told me they want to win.
They've told me they won't do that.
They've told me they'll do that.
They've told the truth without fear.
They've tried to kill themselves again.
They've tried to kill themselves.
They've tried torture.
They've turned off my power, gas, and water.
They've turned on us.
They've turned you into a joke!
They've twisted their ankles.
They've two cars.
They've united against him.
They've upped my limit.
They've visited us a few times.
They've vowed that they'll do that.
They've vowed they'll do that.
They've waited for you.
They've warned me more than once.
They've washed their hands.
They've washed your clothes.
They've washed your dog.
They've woken up from their comas.
They've won for the third consecutive year.
They've won for the third time in a row.
They've won many competitions.
They've won three times on the trot.
They've worn it and it's not happy!
They've written a bill for health care.
They've written three books.
They've written to their correspondents.
They, as well as you, are ordinary people.
They, in the rock reverberant held fast, / moan at the doors. Here, throned aloft, he reigns; / his sceptre calms their rage, their violence restrains: / else earth and sea and all the firmament / the winds together through the void would sweep.
They, on the other side, told the whole order of the thing. And when he saw the wagons, and all that he had sent, his spirit revived, and he said: It is enough for me if Joseph, my son, be yet living: I will go and see him before I die.
They, too, don't want to stay at home.
They, too, were out of money.
They’d been texting all day.
They’d better beef up their report or it won’t be accepted.
They’d like sandwiches, salad, and juice, also.
They’ll attend the national conference in Las Vegas.
They’ll be attacked if they carelessly express an original viewpoint, so they only report on the safe options.
They’ll be filming at Nuja’s school.
They’ll be glad if it rains soon.
They’ll be here at three.
They’ll be more sensitive to the cold as they grow older.
They’ll come at five o’clock?
They’ll debate raising taxes.
They’ll figure it out eventually.
They’ll finish this another day.
They’ll get out of class in forty minutes.
They’ll give in to us some day.
They’ll give us their answer soon.
They’ll go shopping.
They’ll kill me.
They’ll never use a computer again.
They’ll no more suffer from hunger.
They’ll probably come by car.
They’ll reduce Carlos’s sentence if he agrees to provide information that could lead to Rima’s arrest.
They’ll stop at nothing to achieve their political goals.
They’ll try to get Rima into labor.
They’ll walk there in half an hour.
They’re 30 minutes behind schedule.
They’re a little tight.
They’re a match for each other.
They’re able students.
They’re able to sing.
They’re academic champions.
They’re afraid of him.
They’re against animal abuse.
They’re all clamoring to get their money back.
They’re all fine, thank you.
They’re all fine, thanks.
They’re all rotten.
They’re all the same size.
They’re all unconscious.
They’re almost three times as big as we are.
They’re already here.
They’re always broke.
They’re always having trouble with their word processor.
They’re always skint.
They’re anxious for peace.
They’re art buddies.
They’re as tired as we are.
They’re at it again.
They’re at law school.
They’re attempting to contact her.
They’re average students.
They’re being deployed at both the waterworks and a rebuilt sewage treatment plant, and once the new technology is in place, Araike expects “zero disruption” of Kobe’s water service after the next great earthquake.
They’re boarding my flight.
They’re both expecting babies.
They’re buddies from my technical school.
They’re building a new square.
They’re celebrating their wedding anniversary.
They’re cleaning the beach.
They’re coming home from school early.
They’re coming to the park by bus.
They’re concerned about the budget.
They’re constructing a bridge over the river.
They’re crazy, these Romans!
They’re crazy, those Romans!
They’re debating about raises.
They’re degrading what is already a sub-optimal force.
They’re digging a hole.
They’re discussing their next project.
They’re doing their work at a snail’s pace!
They’re eating apples.
They’re eating high on the hog.
They’re either in the shed or in the den.
They’re emerging from basements, sweeping away rubble, patching windows and beginning to rebuild their lives.
They’re experiencing white water rafting on a class five river.
They’re expressing their love by hugging.
They’re fighting fiercely now but I assure you they’ll bury the hatchet before long.
They’re fixing computers.
They’re giving away samples free.
They’re going out together.
They’re going to Ishikawa.
They’re going to a charity event.
They’re going to have a party next week.
They’re going to kill me.
They’re going to knock down that monument.
They’re having a Mexican dinner on their date.
They’re having a break at the moment.
They’re having a dispute about money.
They’re having a going-out-of-business sale.
They’re having a rat infestation in their mansion.
They’re having extreme money problems.
They’re having problems with their budget.
They’re here for bank robbery.
They’re here to fix the heating system.
They’re hoping the wheat harvest will be good this year.
They’re ignoring me.
They’re in a singing group.
They’re in aisle two.
They’re in the well.
They’re inside.
They’re just bluff and bluster.
They’re late, as usual.
They’re leaving for the church now.
They’re like two lovebirds.
They’re lying to you here.
They’re making too much noise. I can’t concentrate.
They’re mocking you.
They’re moving to the States next year.
They’re my favorite.
They’re no competition; our team can beat them hands down.
They’re not afraid of hard work.
They’re not even certain Juliet is female; macaw gender is near impossible to determine by sight, and requires either genetic testing of feathers or blood, or examination of the gonads.
They’re not married, are they?
They’re not there for kicks.
They’re off duty now.
They’re on pins and needles.
They’re only $50 with two cans of shoe polish free of charge.
They’re only crocodile tears.
They’re out of luck.
They’re over there, you know, with their dog.
They’re part owners of this restaurant.
They’re playing our song.
They’re popular kids at school.
They’re probably waiting for the traffic police.
They’re really good at making clothes.
They’re really tight.
They’re related to each other.
They’re so alike I can never tell one from the other.
They’re so tired because they’ve been working around the clock for 2 days.
They’re some developers who aim to make a fast buck!
They’re studying French and web design.
They’re suffering from malaria.
They’re taking Mary to the emergency room.
They’re taking these dangerous routes and it’s likely they’re still going to continue to come because there’s so much to be gained from their migration here to the UK.
They’re taking us for cash cows.
They’re teaching Berber at a nearby school.
They’re teaching Berber next school year.
They’re the ones hiding in anonymity, not us.
They’re trying to jump on the bus to save themselves.
They’re unlikely to get married.
They’re using an excavator and hand picks to try and chip away, desperately hoping to find more survivors.
They’re washing their hands.
They’ve actually created a synthetic gel that mimics the mussel’s sticky, self-healing properties.
They’ve all gone to see the film.
They’ve always been petting each other.
They’ve been all kitted out.
They’ve been dance partners for more than 60 years.
They’ve been gone too long.
They’ve been watching that film for ages.
They’ve decided to get married next month.
They’ve defused the bomb successfully.
They’ve fooled you.
They’ve found small quantities of gold in the local river.
They’ve got a telephone next to their bed.
They’ve had heavy rains for over a week.
They’ve just arrived at the school.
They’ve made a great decision together.
They’ve missed the boat.
They’ve taken three shots at it.
They’ve understood it wrong.
They’ve written a bill for health care.
They decided it was a perfect time to make the move.
The Washington, D.C., attorney general on Jan. 5 filed a lawsuit alleging Public Media Lab violated the District's nonprofit corporation act and enriched Pack's documentary company, Manifold Productions, by more than $4 million.
Thiago lives in Madrid with his wife.
Thibaut showed me the main points of his project.
Thick black hair sprouted from his armpits.
Thick clouds emerge within the twilight sky.
Thick clouds swallowed the airplane.
Thick fog is drifting across the fields.
Thick fog is rolling over the fields.
Thick fog rolls over the fields.
Thick fog shrouded the houses in the valley.
Thick morning fog obscured the horizon.
Thick sludge bubbled out of a factory pipe into the nearby creek.
Thick smoke billowed out of the windows.
Thick snowflakes melt easily and accumulate slowly.
Thick thighs save lives.
Thieves are afraid of shouting.
Thieves broke into my house and stole my jewelry.
Thieves broke into the Green Vault at Dresden's Royal Palace.
Thieves broke into the palace and stole the princess's diamonds.
Thieves plundered the museum.
Thieves respect property. They merely wish the property to become their property that they may more perfectly respect it.
Thieves steal.
Thimphu is the capital of Bhutan.
Thin androgynous men are Mary's type.
Thin-skinned people are easily hurt by criticism.
Thine abode this Earth is but a rat's cage for thee.
Thine eyes are as doves.
Thine heart has blackened over the years.
Things almost went back to normal... Almost.
Things alter for the worse spontaneously, if they be not altered for the better designedly.
Things always work out in the end.
Things always work themselves out.
Things appear pretty bad for Morocco.
Things appear to be looking up.
Things are a little rocky.
Things are a little rough right now.
Things are a lot easier to see from up here.
Things are a lot more complicated than they look.
Things are about to change.
Things are about to get ugly.
Things are about to get wild.
Things are actually better this year.
Things are advancing at a snail's pace.
Things are all messed up.
Things are always good in Malibu.
Things are always more complex than we think.
Things are as bad and as good as they seem. There's no need to add anything extra.
Things are as they should be.
Things are back to how they used to be.
Things are back to normal.
Things are back to the way they used to be.
Things are bad.
Things are becoming more complicated.
Things are beginning to change in Algeria.
Things are beginning to get better in Algeria.
Things are beginning to get better.
Things are beginning to get complicated.
Things are better now. Don't worry.
Things are bound to be better next time.
Things are bound to get better.
Things are changing fast.
Things are changing in Algeria.
Things are changing now.
Things are changing quickly.
Things are changing quite rapidly.
Things are changing radically in Algeria.
Things are changing rapidly.
Things are changing so fast it scares me.
Things are changing.
Things are clearer in the morning than in the evening.
Things are coming apart.
Things are coming together.
Things are complicated now.
Things are complicated.
Things are definitely going downhill.
Things are definitely going to change around here.
Things are different here.
Things are different now.
Things are expensive here.
Things are falling apart.
Things are falling into place.
Things are finally back to normal.
Things are finally changing.
Things are finally looking up for Edmundo.
Things are finally starting to come together.
Things are fine.
Things are following their usual course.
Things are getting a bit complicated.
Things are getting a little more cryptic!
Things are getting back to normal.
Things are getting better day by day.
Things are getting better every day.
Things are getting better for us.
Things are getting better in Algeria.
Things are getting better, not worse.
Things are getting better.
Things are getting busy around here.
Things are getting more dangerous.
Things are getting out of control here.
Things are getting out of control.
Things are getting out of hand.
Things are getting pretty bad.
Things are getting pretty strange.
Things are getting really bad.
Things are getting really complicated.
Things are getting serious.
Things are getting terrible in Morocco.
Things are getting tight.
Things are getting too dangerous around here.
Things are getting ugly.
Things are getting very complicated.
Things are getting worse and there's not much we can do about it.
Things are getting worse.
Things are going badly in Morocco.
Things are going good now.
Things are going pretty well.
Things are going smoothly.
Things are going to be OK.
Things are going to be very different from now on.
Things are going to change.
Things are going to come to a head sooner or later, so you might as well raise your concerns with your manager now.
Things are going to escalate in Ukraine.
Things are going to get complicated.
Things are going to get easier.
Things are going to get worse before they get any better.
Things are going to get worse before they get better.
Things are going to happen fast.
Things are going to suddenly take a wrong turn.
Things are going to take a turn for the worst, I'm afraid.
Things are going too fast.
Things are going very well.
Things are going well from my perspective.
Things are going well in Algeria.
Things are going well now.
Things are going well.
Things are gradually getting better.
Things are gradually improving.
Things are happening just the way I expected.
Things are happening just the way I predicted they would.
Things are heating up.
Things are improving in Algeria.
Things are improving.
Things are just getting started.
Things are likely to change soon.
Things are likely to change.
Things are likely to get better.
Things are likely to remain the same.
Things are looking bright.
Things are looking brighter.
Things are looking good.
Things are looking great.
Things are looking pretty bad for Tom.
Things are looking up for Tom.
Things are looking up for me.
Things are looking up.
Things are more complicated than they seem.
Things are more like they are now than they ever were before.
Things are moving in Algeria.
Things are much better in Algeria.
Things are never black and white.
Things are no longer what they used to be.
Things are normal.
Things are not always black and white.
Things are not always what they seem.
Things are not as bad as they seem to be; they are much, much worse.
Things are not as bad as they seem.
Things are not as they seem.
Things are not black and white.
Things are not clearly defined.
Things are not easy for anyone.
Things are not going to change around here.
Things are not going well at my job. Ten colleagues have to find another job. That is not a good development.
Things are not going well between Yanni and Skura.
Things are not like they used to be.
Things are not looking good.
Things are not that simple.
Things are not the same as they were just a month ago.
Things are not what they appear to be.
Things are not what they seem.
Things are not what they used to be.
Things are often not as bad as they first seem.
Things are only going to get worse.
Things are operating smoothly.
Things are pretty grim now.
Things are pretty tough these days.
Things are progressing only slowly.
Things are quieter.
Things are quite different now.
Things are really changing in Algeria.
Things are really complicated right now.
Things are really getting crazy.
Things are really moving forward in Algeria.
Things are serious.
Things are simple.
Things are simpler now than they used to be.
Things are slowly getting better, but we're quickly running out of time.
Things are so bad.
Things are starting to change in Algeria.
Things are starting to fall apart.
Things are starting to get complicated.
Things are starting to get interesting.
Things are starting to get out of hand.
Things are starting to get rather sour in Algeria.
Things are starting to get ugly.
Things are starting to take shape.
Things are still more or less the same.
Things are still that way in Algeria.
Things are tense.
Things are the same, but people have changed.
Things are tight around the holiday.
Things are totally different now.
Things are tough out there.
Things are tough right now.
Things are under control.
Things are usually janus-faced. And these fanatics only see one side.
Things are very bad.
Things are very cheap here.
Things are very different today.
Things are very expensive here.
Things are very opaque in Algeria.
Things are well organized.
Things are worse today than they were yesterday.
Things aren't adding up.
Things aren't always as they appear.
Things aren't always as they seem.
Things aren't always that good.
Things aren't always that simple.
Things aren't always this exciting.
Things aren't always what they seem.
Things aren't as bad as Tom says they are.
Things aren't as bad as Tom thinks they are.
Things aren't as bad as Tom thinks.
Things aren't as bad as they appear.
Things aren't as bad as they seem.
Things aren't as bad as they used to be.
Things aren't as cheap as they used to be.
Things aren't as good as they used to be.
Things aren't as they appear.
Things aren't easy for anyone.
Things aren't easy.
Things aren't getting any better.
Things aren't getting better anytime soon.
Things aren't getting better.
Things aren't going as well as I expected them to.
Things aren't going as well as I expected.
Things aren't going like I expected them to.
Things aren't going smoothly for Morocco.
Things aren't going so well.
Things aren't going to change anytime soon.
Things aren't going well at all, any more.
Things aren't going well right now between India and Canada.
Things aren't going well today
Things aren't going well.
Things aren't good.
Things aren't happening fast enough.
Things aren't like that.
Things aren't likely to change.
Things aren't likely to get any better.
Things aren't likely to get better anytime soon.
Things aren't looking good.
Things aren't looking that rosy in Morocco.
Things aren't moving.
Things aren't quite as bad as Tom said.
Things aren't quite that clear-cut.
Things aren't so bad after all.
Things aren't too clear.
Things aren't what they seem.
Things aren't what they used to be.
Things aren't what they were.
Things aren't working out between us.
Things aren't working out the way we wanted them to.
Things aren’t always as they appear.
Things around here have been changing rapidly.
Things became chaotic.
Things became hopeless suddenly.
Things began getting desperate.
Things began to change in Algeria.
Things began to happen.
Things began to spin out of control.
Things began to work out for Tom.
Things between us are degenerating.
Things break on their own if you don't use them.
Things break.
Things came to a head at the weekend when Tom found out that Mary had been having an online affair.
Things came to me without effort.
Things can change in Algeria.
Things can change quickly.
Things can change very quickly.
Things can change.
Things can get a little wild around here on weekends.
Things can get hairy.
Things can get out of control.
Things can get ugly.
Things can happen very quickly.
Things can only get better.
Things can only get worse.
Things can sometimes get out of hand.
Things can't be accomplished overnight.
Things can't be all that bad.
Things can't be worse.
Things can't get any worse, I think.
Things can't get any worse.
Things can't get much worse than this.
Things can't go right if they aren't done my own special way.
Things can't possibly stay this bad.
Things cannot be accomplished overnight.
Things change every day.
Things change from time to time, and one should change with them.
Things change from time to time.
Things change gradually.
Things change over time.
Things change too quickly.
Things change too slowly around here.
Things change very slowly here.
Things change.
Things changed after that.
Things changed after the overdose.
Things changed completely.
Things changed dramatically.
Things changed in Australia.
Things changed.
Things come and go.
Things come at the least expected time.
Things continued this way for over a week.
Things could be much worse.
Things could be worse.
Things could change.
Things could get really ugly with sociopaths.
Things could get tense.
Things could get tougher.
Things could get worse.
Things could have been worse.
Things could have quickly gone worse.
Things could turn horribly wrong for you if you get me angry.
Things could've been worse.
Things could've ended badly.
Things could've gone better.
Things could've gone wrong, but they didn't.
Things could've happened differently.
Things could've happened the way Tom said they did.
Things couldn't be going better.
Things couldn't be more ship-shape.
Things couldn't be worse.
Things couldn't get any better.
Things couldn't get anymore insane.
Things couldn't get worse for Yanni.
Things couldn't go on like that.
Things couldn't have been any more difficult.
Things couldn't have been worse.
Things couldn't have gone any worse.
Things couldn't have gone better.
Things couldn't have gone worse.
Things did not go as intended.
Things did not turn out as Mary expected.
Things did not turn out as Tom expected.
Things did not turn out as he expected.
Things did not turn out as she expected.
Things did not turn out as they expected.
Things didn't end well that night.
Things didn't go Tom's way.
Things didn't go according to Tom's expectations. As a result, Tom was furious.
Things didn't go according to plan.
Things didn't go as badly as Tom thought they did.
Things didn't go as intended.
Things didn't go as planned.
Things didn't go right for Tom.
Things didn't go that well.
Things didn't go the way I planned.
Things didn't go the way I wanted them to.
Things didn't go the way I wanted.
Things didn't go the way I'd hoped they would.
Things didn't go the way I'd hoped.
Things didn't go the way Sami wanted.
Things didn't go the way Tom had hoped they would.
Things didn't go the way Tom had hoped.
Things didn't go the way Tom wanted them to.
Things didn't go the way Tom wanted.
Things didn't go the way that I'd hoped they would.
Things didn't go the way we expected them to.
Things didn't go the way we planned.
Things didn't go well.
Things didn't happen as expected.
Things didn't happen like we'd hoped.
Things didn't happen quite the way Tom said they did.
Things didn't happen that way.
Things didn't happen the way I expected them to.
Things didn't happen the way I expected.
Things didn't happen the way I wanted them to.
Things didn't happen the way Tom said they did.
Things didn't happen the way we thought they would.
Things didn't happen the way we'd hoped.
Things didn't turn out as we planned.
Things didn't turn out like we expected them to.
Things didn't turn out like we expected.
Things didn't turn out so well.
Things didn't turn out the way Tom expected them to.
Things didn't turn out the way Tom expected.
Things didn't turn out the way Tom wanted them to.
Things didn't turn out the way Ziri wanted them to.
Things didn't turn out the way we expected.
Things didn't turn out the way we'd hoped they would.
Things didn't turn out the way we'd hoped.
Things didn't work out as planned.
Things didn't work out as well as we expected.
Things didn't work out between Michael and Linda.
Things didn't work out between Tom and Mary.
Things didn't work out between Ziri and Rima.
Things didn't work out that well.
Things didn't work out the way we planned.
Things didn’t go as planned.
Things do not change; we change.
Things don't always go as planned.
Things don't always go the way you want them to.
Things don't always go your way.
Things don't always happen the way we expect to happen.
Things don't always happen the way we expect to.
Things don't always happen the way we expect.
Things don't always happen the way we intend.
Things don't always happen the way we want them to.
Things don't always happen the way we would like them to.
Things don't always happen the way we'd like them to.
Things don't always happen the way we'd like.
Things don't always happen the way you expect to happen.
Things don't always happen the way you expect to.
Things don't always happen the way you expect.
Things don't always turn out the way we plan.
Things don't always work out the way we want them to.
Things don't change much around here.
Things don't change very quickly around here.
Things don't get better.
Things don't happen by accident.
Things don't happen by magic.
Things don't have to be like this.
Things don't have to go back to the way they were.
Things don't just happen.
Things don't look good for Zelenskyy.
Things don't need to be like this.
Things don't need to be this way.
Things don't work like that.
Things done rightly, good deeds will never perish.
Things end. People change. Life goes on.
Things ended very badly between us.
Things escalated even more.
Things escalated out of control.
Things escalated quickly.
Things eventually changed.
Things fall apart.
Things finally seemed to be going well for Ziri and his family.
Things go wrong sometimes.
Things got a bit hectic.
Things got a bit out of control.
Things got a little crazy.
Things got a little out of hand.
Things got awkward.
Things got bad for Tom.
Things got bad that night.
Things got better for Ziri.
Things got better slowly.
Things got better!
Things got even more complicated.
Things got heated.
Things got incredibly complicated.
Things got messy.
Things got off to a good start.
Things got off to a rocky start.
Things got out of control.
Things got out of hand.
Things got really crazy.
Things got really weird.
Things got romantically weird between Antonio and Rima.
Things got scary.
Things got serious.
Things got so hot between them.
Things got strange.
Things got too hard for David to handle.
Things got tough.
Things got very complicated.
Things got violent.
Things got weird.
Things got weirder over the next couple of days.
Things got worse from then on.
Things got worse in college.
Things got worse when the police knocked at Donald's door.
Things got worse.
Things grew quiet... too quiet.
Things had gone even better than I had imagined.
Things had spun out of control so quickly.
Things happen for a reason, right?
Things happen for a reason.
Things happen when you least expect it.
Things happen when you least expect them to.
Things happen without warning.
Things happen.
Things happened fast.
Things happened in my life in Japan I just was not expecting at all. One of them was meeting a very nice Japanese man and finding myself married to him.
Things happened just the way Tom said they did.
Things happened just the way Tom said they would.
Things happened quickly after that.
Things happened quite differently from the way Tom said they did.
Things happened really fast.
Things happened very quickly.
Things happened.
Things have become more complicated.
Things have become so expensive!
Things have become unbearable.
Things have become very complicated.
Things have been a little busier than I expected.
Things have been a little hectic lately.
Things have been a little tight since Ziri lost his job.
Things have been changing in Algeria.
Things have been fine.
Things have been going from bad to worse in Algeria.
Things have been going great.
Things have been good.
Things have been hard for Flavio since his mother’s passing.
Things have been pretty rough lately for Tom.
Things have been pretty tough lately.
Things have been quiet for the last few hours.
Things have been really busy down at the station.
Things have been so busy.
Things have calmed down.
Things have changed a bit.
Things have changed a lot down here.
Things have changed a lot in Algeria.
Things have changed a lot since the last time you were here.
Things have changed a lot since you've left.
Things have changed around here.
Things have changed here.
Things have changed in Algeria.
Things have changed now.
Things have changed over the years.
Things have changed since then, Yanni.
Things have changed since then.
Things have changed.
Things have deteriorated.
Things have finally changed.
Things have gone from bad to worse.
Things have gone south.
Things have got much dearer since you were last here.
Things have got much more expensive since you were last here.
Things have got very complicated.
Things have got weird since you were last here.
Things have gotten a little busy recently.
Things have gotten better now.
Things have gotten better.
Things have gotten complicated.
Things have gotten more complicated.
Things have gotten much better since then.
Things have gotten much better.
Things have gotten quiet around here.
Things have gotten really complicated.
Things have gotten serious.
Things have gotten very complicated.
Things have gotten worse.
Things have improved.
Things have never been better.
Things have only got worse.
Things have only gotten worse.
Things have only worsened.
Things have quieted down.
Things have rapidly changed in Algeria.
Things have really changed in Algeria.
Things have really changed, haven't they?
Things have really changed.
Things have remained more or less the same.
Things have slowed down.
Things have started going south for Zelenskyy.
Things have started to change.
Things have taken a bad turn.
Things have taken a turn for the worse.
Things have to be changed in this house.
Things have to be said as they are.
Things have to change.
Things have to get better eventually.
Things haven't always been this way.
Things haven't been the same around here since Tom left.
Things haven't changed much around here in the past three years.
Things haven't changed much in Algeria.
Things haven't changed much since then.
Things haven't gotten better.
Things haven't really changed much.
Things haven't really improved.
Things heated up fast between Sami and Layla.
Things in Western Sahara could get totally out of control.
Things just didn't work out today.
Things just haven't been the same since you left.
Things just kept going downhill from there.
Things keep getting better.
Things keep getting worse and worse.
Things keep getting worse.
Things like grammars that can be called absolutely correct do not exist anywhere.
Things like tea and coffee make great gifts for anyone.
Things like that always happen unexpectedly.
Things like that aren't always obvious.
Things like that can be unnerving.
Things like that can happen.
Things like that can only happen in movies.
Things like that don't happen every day.
Things like that don't usually happen around here.
Things like that happen more often now.
Things like that happen more often nowadays.
Things like that happen sometimes.
Things like that happen.
Things like that often take time.
Things like that only happen in dreams.
Things like that only happen in movies.
Things like that only happen in the movies.
Things like that shouldn't happen.
Things like that usually end badly.
Things like that will never happen under my leadership.
Things like the ‘morning-after pill’ can just be reclassified as an abortifacient instead of as a contraceptive.
Things like these don't happen in Algeria.
Things like this are a dime a dozen.
Things like this are becoming an everyday occurrence.
Things like this are great.
Things like this aren't always obvious.
Things like this aren't supposed to happen here.
Things like this can still be found around here.
Things like this do happen.
Things like this don't happen every day.
Things like this don't happen in Boston.
Things like this don't happen in real life.
Things like this don't happen very often.
Things like this don't usually happen in Australia.
Things like this don't usually happen to me.
Things like this don't usually happen to you, do they?
Things like this don't usually happen.
Things like this happen all the time.
Things like this happen every day.
Things like this just happen.
Things like this often take time.
Things like this only happen once in a lifetime.
Things like this really do matter.
Things like this wouldn't happen to you if you'd follow my advice.
Things look bleak on the job front.
Things look good.
Things look pretty bad for Tom.
Things looked pretty bad for Putin.
Things looked pretty bad for Tom.
Things may get even worse.
Things may have changed.
Things may have hidden depths.
Things may never be the same again.
Things may not stay this way for long.
Things might change, or they could just stay the same.
Things might change, or they might just stay the same.
Things might get a little rough.
Things might have turned out better if you hadn't gone there.
Things might not stay this way for long.
Things might seem tough right now, but I promise you that they will get better.
Things might've happened the way Tom said they did.
Things might've turned out better if you hadn't gone there.
Things moved fast between Yanni and Skura.
Things need to settle down.
Things never turn out the way you thought they would.
Things often take longer than you expect.
Things only got worse from there.
Things ought not be that way.
Things quickly changed.
Things quickly got back on track.
Things quickly got back to normal.
Things quickly got better.
Things quickly got chaotic.
Things quickly got even worse.
Things quickly got heated.
Things quickly got more serious.
Things quickly got much better.
Things quickly got much worse.
Things quickly got out of control.
Things quickly got out of hand.
Things quickly got personal.
Things quickly got serious between us.
Things quickly got serious.
Things quickly got under control.
Things quickly got weird.
Things quickly got worse.
Things really started looking up for Ziri.
Things really started to die down.
Things seem a little rocky.
Things seem better now.
Things seem so different in the cold light of morning, don't they?
Things seem to be back to normal between us.
Things seem to be getting better.
Things seem to be getting worse and worse.
Things seem to be going hot and heavy between Tom and Mary.
Things seem to be spiralling out of control for Tom. His friends agree that he has hit rock bottom.
Things seem to have improved.
Things seemed to be going well for Tom.
Things settled between him and me.
Things shall end up sorted out.
Things should be as simple as possible, but no simpler.
Things shouldn't be like this.
Things slowly and slowly started to get worse.
Things slowly got better.
Things soured between Sami and Layla.
Things spiraled out of control.
Things spun out of control very quickly after that.
Things spun out of control very quickly.
Things spun out of control.
Things started falling apart by my twenties.
Things started getting worse.
Things started out fine.
Things started out great.
Things started to fall in place.
Things started to feel sketchy.
Things started to get a bit problematic.
Things started to get crazy.
Things started to get really crazy.
Things started to get truly strange.
Things started to go back to normal again.
Things started to go wrong.
Things started to shift.
Things started to take an unexpected turn.
Things started turning pretty bad.
Things stay the same.
Things stayed the same.
Things such as using only little salt and eating many vegetables are good for the body.
Things suddenly changed.
Things that are easily accessible to us lose their value, their importance.
Things that are human, too human, are generally certainly animal.
Things that at first seem easy often turn out in the end to be difficult.
Things that can't go on forever, don't.
Things that modify nouns (adjective, or adjectival equivalent).
Things that modify nouns are adjectives or equivalent to adjectives.
Things that modify nouns are prototypically adjectives or equivalent to adjectives.
Things that seem impossible can be overcome with persistence.
Things that seem impossible can't always be overcome, even with persistence.
Things that used to mean something to him now left him totally cold.
Things that you see with your eyes are not necessarily true.
Things took a real serious turn with Yanni.
Things took a sudden turn for the worse.
Things took a turn for the worse for Tom.
Things took a turn for the worse.
Things took a turn.
Things took a wild turn when Ziri joined Rima's class.
Things took their course, and he stood idly by.
Things turned out OK, after all.
Things turned out badly.
Things turned out better than I expected.
Things turned out better than I thought they would.
Things turned out to be more complicated than we at first thought.
Things turned sour between Algeria and Morocco.
Things usually take longer than you expect them to.
Things usually take longer than you expect.
Things went awry.
Things went back to normal.
Things went better than expected.
Things went downhill for Algeria.
Things went downhill pretty quickly.
Things went from bad to worse.
Things went great last night.
Things went like he had said before.
Things went on much as before, but after a time I began to find that there was a bit of a change in Mary herself.
Things went on much as before, but after a time I began to find that there was a bit of a change in Mary herself. She had always been so trusting and so innocent, but now she became queer and suspicious, wanting to know where I had been and what I had been doing, and whom my letters were from, and what I had in my pockets, and a thousand such follies.
Things went pretty badly.
Things went pretty well.
Things went silent again.
Things went smoothly after that.
Things went so wrong.
Things went south.
Things went terribly wrong.
Things went totally pear-shaped.
Things went very quickly.
Things went very smoothly.
Things went well for him.
Things went well.
Things went wrong.
Things were a little less busy at work.
Things were a lot less complicated in those days.
Things were a lot simpler then.
Things were already terrible.
Things were better then than now.
Things were clearly working out.
Things were different back then.
Things were different here back when I first moved here.
Things were different here when I was a child.
Things were different here when I was a kid.
Things were different here when I was younger.
Things were different here when I were a lad.
Things were different in those days.
Things were different then.
Things were falling into place for Tom.
Things were getting desperate.
Things were getting full steam ahead in Algeria.
Things were getting out of hand, so they ended up calling the police.
Things were getting pretty bad.
Things were getting really bad.
Things were getting smoothing in Algeria.
Things were going great until five pm.
Things were going really well.
Things were going smoothly for Ziri.
Things were going so well in Algeria.
Things were going well for Tom.
Things were good between Yanni and Skura.
Things were happening fast.
Things were happening kind of fast.
Things were happening pretty quickly.
Things were happening so quickly.
Things were hard for Sami.
Things were hard for Tom.
Things were heating up between Sami and Layla.
Things were kind of freaky.
Things were looking grim.
Things were looking rather good.
Things were looking up for Daniel.
Things were looking up for John.
Things were looking up for Ziri.
Things were more relaxed.
Things were never quite the same after that.
Things were never the same after that.
Things were not as they appeared.
Things were not as they seemed.
Things were pretty bad.
Things were pretty complicated.
Things were really quiet.
Things were simple back then.
Things weren't always easy.
Things weren't always like that in Algeria.
Things weren't as bad I as expected.
Things weren't as bad as I expected them to be.
Things weren't going according to plan at all.
Things weren't going as badly as Tom thought they were.
Things weren't going as planned at all.
Things weren't going to get any better.
Things weren't going well with Tom.
Things weren't what they seemed.
Things will be a lot different from now on.
Things will be different next time.
Things will be different now.
Things will be drastically different from now on.
Things will be easier next time, trust me.
Things will be fine.
Things will be much better next year.
Things will be much different from now on.
Things will be pretty quiet around here until hockey season begins.
Things will be very different from now on.
Things will become even more complicated.
Things will change if you let them.
Things will come naturally.
Things will come of themselves.
Things will get a lot worse before they get better.
Things will get better again.
Things will get better in Algeria.
Things will get better soon.
Things will get better.
Things will get easier from now on.
Things will get more interesting soon.
Things will get nasty.
Things will get serious.
Things will get worse before they get better.
Things will get worse.
Things will go and things will turn out alright, I promise you, I just need to have a good cry to let my heartbroken heart heal over your absence.
Things will improve in Algeria.
Things will just get worse.
Things will likely get worse.
Things will never be like they were before.
Things will never be perfect.
Things will never be the same again.
Things will never be the same around here after Tom leaves.
Things will never be the same.
Things will not change.
Things will only get worse.
Things will probably get worse.
Things will work out fine.
Things will work out in the end.
Things will work out well.
Things will work out.
Things wind down about midnight.
Things won't always be this bad.
Things won't be getting any better.
Things won't be getting better anytime soon.
Things won't be the same around here after Tom and Mary leave.
Things won't be the same around here after Tom leaves.
Things won't change too much.
Things won't ever be the same, will they?
Things won't get any better any time soon.
Things won't get any better.
Things won't get better.
Things won't go as planned.
Things won't likely change anytime soon.
Things won't stay this way forever.
Things won't stay this way.
Things worked out nicely.
Things would never be the same.
Things, in my perspective, can still change for the better.
Think I'll actually win the prize?
Think about God.
Think about a solution.
Think about a time when you were happy.
Think about death.
Think about every problem, every challenge, we face. The solution to each starts with education.
Think about giving up smoking for your health.
Think about her feelings.
Think about her.
Think about how Tom feels.
Think about how Tom might have felt when you did that.
Think about how Tom might've felt when you did that.
Think about how much you have to be grateful for.
Think about how you did me wrong.
Think about how you have made a mistake.
Think about how you made a mistake.
Think about how you tricked me.
Think about how you'd feel if that happened to you.
Think about how your online behavior reflects on your character.
Think about it again.
Think about it and then ask.
Think about it carefully before you do anything.
Think about it carefully.
Think about it for a moment.
Think about it for a while.
Think about it one more time.
Think about it tonight.
Think about it!
Think about it, OK?
Think about it, Tom.
Think about it, Tom. What do you really want?
Think about it, the needy have nothing to live on, they need those donations.
Think about it.
Think about me.
Think about pay day.
Think about something you enjoy doing.
Think about that.
Think about the basic genetics you may have learned in school and every vocabulary term you needed to memorize.
Think about the children!
Think about the children.
Think about the consequences before engaging in online arguments.
Think about the future!
Think about the future, not the past.
Think about the implications.
Think about the kids.
Think about the ones you love.
Think about the position you're putting me in.
Think about the safety of your passengers.
Think about them.
Think about things you like to talk about.
Think about this for a moment.
Think about this.
Think about tomorrow.
Think about what I said to you.
Think about what I said.
Think about what makes you feel good.
Think about what to buy.
Think about what you did.
Think about what you have forgotten!
Think about what you say before you say it.
Think about what you say when you say what you think.
Think about what you told me.
Think about what you want.
Think about what you're doing.
Think about what you're going to do.
Think about what's going on in the world.
Think about whether there is anything that you haven't yet done during your student years, and try to accomplish it before you enter the world of employment.
Think about who you go out with.
Think about your brother!
Think about your childhood.
Think about your children!
Think about your children.
Think about your family.
Think about your future.
Think about your goals.
Think about your kids.
Think about your life.
Think about your safety.
Think about yourself.
Think again.
Think and speak in Berber.
Think as you please, and so let others, and you will have no disputes.
Think before acting!
Think before opening your mouth!
Think before writing, and write after thinking.
Think before you act!
Think before you act.
Think before you do it.
Think before you do this shit.
Think before you jump.
Think before you leap.
Think before you open your mouth.
Think before you opine.
Think before you post; consider how it might affect others.
Think before you print this.
Think before you print.
Think before you speak.
Think before you take the offer.
Think before you think.
Think big!
Think big.
Think carefully about this.
Think carefully about what you are going to do.
Think carefully about what you'll tell Tom.
Think carefully about your answer to my question.
Think carefully before answering.
Think carefully before you mess with Robert.
Think carefully before you promise anything.
Think first and start after.
Think first before you speak.
Think first!
Think first, then speak.
Think first, then talk.
Think for a moment.
Think for a solution.
Think for yourself and come to a decision.
Think for yourself.
Think for yourselves.
Think global, act local.
Think globally but act locally.
Think globally, act locally.
Think happy thoughts.
Think hard about it.
Think hard about what is important to you in your life.
Think hard about your foe, for he is a mountain you will not bring down. You have never seen such a man nor had the opportunity to stand beside him in battle. You cannot understand the likes of such, because you have not had such an opportunity. Life is a lesson. Some are hard lessons, some unforgiving and damning. Some are irreversible and final. A man with nothing to lose is a man you must fear, for he will take you to the end.
Think hard, Sami.
Think hard.
Think in Berber to improve your fluency.
Think in Berber.
Think in Berber. Don't translate in your head.
Think in French.
Think inclusively.
Think it over a bit.
Think it over again.
Think it over and let me know what you decide.
Think it over and tell me what you decide.
Think it over before it's too late. Don't cross the line!
Think it over before you decide.
Think it over carefully.
Think it over!
Think it over.
Think lightly of yourself and deeply of the world.
Think more and make decisions after.
Think nothing more of it.
Think nothing of it.
Think of Algeria.
Think of Ziri as your mirror.
Think of a better answer.
Think of a sentence no one would ever think of. There's your contribution to entropy.
Think of all that we've been through together.
Think of all the Christmases we've had together.
Think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy.
Think of all the fun you've been missing.
Think of all the money you'd have made if you'd taken it just a bit more seriously.
Think of all the things Tom could tell us.
Think of all the things you should tell Tom.
Think of all the times we've been in trouble before.
Think of everything that you have, and not on the only thing that you are missing.
Think of how much worse it could have been if Tom had not been there.
Think of how much worse it could have been if Tom hadn't been there.
Think of how much worse it could've been if Tom hadn't been there.
Think of how much you have to be grateful for.
Think of how stupid the average person is and then realize half of them are stupider than that.
Think of it—me sitting in the hotel in Antwerp and him lugging in oranges by the bagful because he was fond of fruit!
Think of me as an unemotional woman.
Think of me as your brother.
Think of me now and then.
Think of me.
Think of number one and do what is best for yourself!
Think of peace.
Think of something else now.
Think of something good.
Think of something that makes you happy.
Think of that as a Christmas vacation.
Think of the Egyptian pyramids. How were they built?
Think of the children.
Think of the examples I just mentioned.
Think of the girls of India.
Think of the kids.
Think of the limitless potential of tomorrow.
Think of the long-term benefits of doing your homework diligently.
Think of the possibilities.
Think of the starving children.
Think of the woman he loved, and how other women must have envied her!
Think of this as an exception.
Think of what you are reading while you are reading it.
Think of where dogs put their tongues.
Think of your brother.
Think of your children.
Think of your family.
Think of your future.
Think of your opponent as nothing more than a handful of ash.
Think of yourself as a Berber teacher.
Think of yourself as the owner of the company mentioned.
Think on it!
Think outside the box.
Think positive!
Think positive, and positive things will happen.
Think positive.
Think positively.
Think quickly!
Think real hard, roughly where did you lose it?
Think seriously about it.
Think things through.
Think twice about what you say to Tom.
Think twice before buying that new car. You'll be a slave to the bank for seven years.
Think twice before clicking on unfamiliar links or downloads.
Think twice before crossing that line. I won't stand for your abuse any longer.
Think twice before making impulsive decisions.
Think twice before posting anything that could be harmful or hurtful.
Think twice before translating.
Think twice before you do that again.
Think very carefully of all the implications, before you make your decision.
Think what you are doing, Lady Ashton: you are making a mortal enemy of a young man who is likely to have the means of harming us——” “Did you ever know a Douglas who feared an enemy?” answered the lady, contemptuously.
Think what you want about Tom; he's still one of the greatest.
Think what you want.
Think whatever you want.
Think whatever you want. Just don't bother me with your thinking.
Think when you are selling something to someone.
Think with your heart.
Think!
Think, - and you will be able to calm down.
Think, Tom. This is important.
Think, everyone! Where haven't we looked for Tom yet?
Think, everyone! Where haven't we looked yet for Tom?
Think, everyone! Where haven't we yet looked for Tom?
Think, then speak.
Think.
Thinking I was approaching the exit, I kept walking deeper into the pitch black of the alley when suddenly I felt something grab my foot.
Thinking about William gave Sandra a headache.
Thinking about college makes me very anxious.
Thinking about her future, she is unsettled.
Thinking about it still makes me angry.
Thinking about it, I had a good idea.
Thinking about it, I must look dangerous.
Thinking about that, I left.
Thinking about the universe always gives me an existential crisis.
Thinking about this makes my skin crawl.
Thinking about this still gives me the chills.
Thinking about those sorts of things, I watched "Duck Soup" again.
Thinking about you makes me only hate you more.
Thinking biblically, he saw himself as Moses leading his people to freedom.
Thinking costs nothing.
Thinking for oneself often leads to disagreements with others.
Thinking hurts.
Thinking in Berber is something that comes with time and practice.
Thinking is a high performance sport, which means that only those who train stay in shape.
Thinking is difficult, and therefore many people only pass judgment.
Thinking is easy. Taking action is difficult. Taking action according to thoughts is the most difficult thing in the world.
Thinking is good before jumping.
Thinking is hard.
Thinking is often harder than you think.
Thinking is one thing, doing is another.
Thinking is something we all do, but defining exactly what thought is is no simple matter.
Thinking is talking with oneself.
Thinking is the art of making thoughts dance.
Thinking it was the music that now gave him a comely look, she took the pipe from him and played upon it in hopes that by doing so she herself would appear beautiful.
Thinking makes my head hurt.
Thinking men and women the world over are beginning to realize that patriotism is too narrow and limited a conception to meet the necessities of our time.
Thinking negatively can become a habit.
Thinking of it made a chill run up my spine.
Thinking perhaps we'll die, yet we remain alive.
Thinking that you are a "biological entity," are you obligated to reproduce?
Thinking to get at once all the gold the goose could give, he killed it and opened it only to find - nothing.
Thinking too much is bad.
Thinking without acting is a waste of life.
Thinking you're not susceptible to mind control actually makes you susceptible to mind control.
Third time lucky.
Third time's the charm.
Third year students were not invited.
Third-generation Florentine butcher Luca Menoni, with Antoinette Mazzaglia, explains to tourists how he selects the meats for which the city is famous.
Third-place winner Dr. Barry Coutinho is originally from India. He says the contest got him practicing piano again.
Thirdly, each team leader please report your progress.
Thirdly, if you don't put in the effort and challenge difficult things, there is nothing in the world at which you will succeed.
Thirdly, if you don’t put in the effort and challenge difficult things, there is nothing in the world at which you will succeed.
Thirdly, there's the question of energy.
Thirst is more serious than homesickness.
Thirst is the feeling of needing to drink something.
Thirst is your body's way of telling you that it's running low on water, which it needs to work well.
Thirteen Americans were killed.
Thirteen children and three adults were injured in the accident.
Thirteen completely sealed wooden coffins have been discovered in the necropolis of Saqqara in Egypt.
Thirteen days from now will be Miss Earth coronation.
Thirteen firefighters were injured.
Thirteen government departments and agencies, including the Department of Agriculture and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), were part of a committee of more than 300 researchers who compiled the National Climate Assessment.
Thirteen homes have been destroyed.
Thirteen homes were destroyed.
Thirteen is a lucky number in the Brazilian Federal Lottery.
Thirteen is definitely not an unlucky number, at least not for us.
Thirteen passengers were hospitalized.
Thirteen people are injured.
Thirteen people died in the train wreck.
Thirteen people have died.
Thirteen people were arrested.
Thirteen people were detained.
Thirteen people were hurt.
Thirteen people were injured.
Thirteen people were killed in the train wreck.
Thirteen people were killed.
Thirteen people were taken to hospital.
Thirteen people were wounded.
Thirteen percent remain undecided.
Thirteen percent said no.
Thirteen percent were opposed.
Thirteen percent were undecided.
Thirteen were hospitalized.
Thirteen were killed.
Thirtieth birthdays often bring with them fears of old age.
Thirty Vietnamese kids swim every day in order to go to their school.
Thirty children and three adults were killed in the accident.
Thirty companies have agreed to participate.
Thirty crore people of this earth speak the Bengali language.
Thirty days has September, April, June and November.
Thirty dollars is a small price to pay.
Thirty dollars should be enough.
Thirty isn't that old.
Thirty minutes after the earthquake, a tsunami followed.
Thirty minutes after your bedtime, I was still walking.
Thirty minutes before the game was to begin, people began pouring into the stadium.
Thirty minutes is all I need.
Thirty months is two and a half years.
Thirty names are on my list.
Thirty pages? You're supposed to write an essay, not a dissertation!
Thirty people are on my list.
Thirty people attended the meeting.
Thirty people died in a fire.
Thirty people died in that attack.
Thirty people live here.
Thirty people live in that building.
Thirty people perished in the flood.
Thirty people were arrested.
Thirty people were at the meeting.
Thirty people were injured.
Thirty people were killed.
Thirty people were present at the first meeting.
Thirty people were present at the last meeting.
Thirty people were present at the meeting.
Thirty people were wounded.
Thirty plus seventy equals one hundred.
Thirty plus seventy is one hundred.
Thirty students will participate.
Thirty television channels condemned the insurgency to give the impression of consensus, but all these channels were in the hands of three companies, each of whom had a vested interest in maintaining the status quo.
Thirty thousand flats are to be built over the next two years.
Thirty thousand homes are to be built over the next two years.
Thirty thousand men survived that battle.
Thirty years after Hurricane Hugo, Charleston is a thriving coastal city.
Thirty years after Hurricane Hugo, Charleston is a thriving coastal city. But should disaster strike again, members of its artisan community are well prepared to help rebuild and restore.
Thirty years after its launch, Hubble continues to provide us with stunning, detailed images of the universe.
Thirty years ago, a deadly hurricane ripped through the beautiful city of Charleston, South Carolina, destroying many of its historic homes and buildings.
Thirty years ago, on April 24, 1990, Hubble was carried aloft from NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida aboard the space shuttle Discovery, along with a five-astronaut crew.
Thirty years ago, the clock was struck by lightning.
Thirty years ago, the international community signed the Montreal Protocol on Substances that Deplete the Ozone Layer and began regulating ozone-depleting compounds.
Thirty years ago, the temple was opened to visitors.
Thirty years ago, timber was the main industry here.
Thirty years have gone by.
Thirty years have passed since that happened.
Thirty years have passed since then.
Thirty years passed.
Thirty-five degrees centigrade equals ninety-five degrees Fahrenheit.
Thirty-five percent of school papers say they have reduced the frequency of print issues to save money.
Thirty-four of them were lawyers.
Thirty-thousand people were killed.
Thirty-two Madagascan scholars are flying to China.
Thirty-two Madagascan students who receive scholarship are flying to China.
Thirty-year-old Aslima Khan is determined to educate her three daughters. The reason – to ensure they can escape her own life's experience of backbreaking drudgery.
Thirty-year-old Tariq, a teacher doing his weekly shopping, says he is cutting back on spending as he prepares for difficult times ahead.
This "pick yourself up by your bootstraps" concept is not universal.
This 14th of May of 2025 is cloudy skies interspersed with blue spaces. I walked to the Roman Catholic church on St. Albans Road twice, once in the morning and again in the afternoon, my 12th and 13th times this spring. In the morning was confession for the little boys and girls in uniform. They were of different races, in the big worship hall. The priest was in the confession booth talking to a student. At the Adoration Chapel, I noticed a nice pot of orchids on the front left. In the afternoon, the big worship hall was mostly empty, a condition which I usually prefer. At the road was a handsome muscle man in white tank top jogging. The big purple-bloom tree seems like an Empress Tree, a Paulownia, because of the big heart-shaped leaves. Reminiscent of Jacaranda with its purple blooming, it's saudade for me about South America. At Tim Hortons café, I enjoyed Scrambled Eggs with Sausage and Potatoes and an Earl Grey Tea with oat milk in the morning, and an Iced Classic Lemonade in the afternoon. The day was full of walking. At home, I study bits of Lojban and Esperanto. I have many books in Esperanto. I tend towards Animism-Buddhism in my Syncretism.
This 16:9 LCD screen seems to make success look so easy, as if I even know what that means.
This 17th of April of 2025, I walked to Lulu Island's Tim Hortons café, early morning, after 5, there to enjoy an Earl Grey tea with oat milk and a sausage English muffin. The vendor was Sukhman, the elegant Punjabi lady. A big white man with tattoos on his legs was standing by the till. He was wearing a black and blue checkered shirt. Ken, also a big white man, but with white hair, sat in his usual corner. It was still dark sky outside the bay windows. Jack the Chinese man in a brown jacket rendezvoused for his coffee. Before 10, with sunny weather, I walked back to Tim Hortons café this time to enjoy a Chai tea with oat milk and a croissant. The vendor was Rikku, the affable Punjabi lady. Gary, my Cantonese friend, a fan of Vietnam, sat at the long table etched with lines of an ice hockey rink. He was wearing a black leather jacket and green camouflage Vietnamese military pants. On my way home, I met Michael L. J., my Dane-French ufologist friend. And he showed me on his cellphone another video of mysterious lights in his bedroom; he attributes them to extraterrestrials. I kept to myself my thought about the Zoo Hypothesis. For lunch at home, on my sunny verandah, I ate barbecue pork on a bed of salad with red-tinted rice. Afterwards, I was eating a Tohato-brand matcha-flavoured Japanese Caramel Corn snack from a green plastic bag. Mama has Chef Tony Buns with Egg Yolk Lava in the freezer. They are black on the outside, I think, because of charcoal or something.
This 21st of May of 2025 is a sunny, yet cloudy, day. I went walking in the morning to Tim Hortons café to enjoy an Iced Coffee with oat milk. The other day, I tried their pink-looking Pineapple Dragon Fruit Frozen Quencher. 'Twas more like icy candy for me! Later in the morning today, I went walking to the Roman Catholic church on St. Albans Road. On the way, I gazed at the big purple-bloom Empress Tree, near Bowcock Road. The blooms are starting to fade. In the big worship hall was a small class of little boys and girls, dressed in uniform, students practicing bowing at the altar and oration at the microphone. They looked like mostly Filipino kids, this time. It reminded of my private school days at La Salle Green Hills in the Philippines. Even then, our liturgical language was also English, as here on Lulu Island. It was despite that our household and street language was Tagalog. In the 1960s, the Church globally changed the liturgical language from Latin to the vernacular language. I remember my Thai Buddhist Temple in Vancouver—Wat Yanviriya. The wonderful liturgical language was Pali. It was the language that made the temple stay magical! We learned meditation, which is what I do in the church on St. Albans Road. I try to go when the big worship hall is mostly empty. At home, I try to learn more Esperanto vocabulary.
This 220-mile (350-kilometer) wide view of Pluto from NASA’s New Horizons spacecraft illustrates the incredible diversity of surface reflectivities and geological landforms on the dwarf planet.
This 7th of May of 2025 started with grey clouds in the morning but became a summery sunny day later on. On my 5th walk this spring to the Roman Catholic church on St. Albans Road, I saw my Fijian neighbour Moli weeding her lawn, whilst she was not trimming her shrubs shaped like small fat phalluses. As she liked "controlling plants," I suggested to her about the art of bonsai. (Her name means "orange" in Fijian. Moli is a Chinese and East Indian hybrid.) I went on to the church. Today's Wednesday, so the main worship hall and the smaller Adoration Chapel are almost empty. Besides that church, I like visiting the Buddhist temple on Steveston Highway. Today, in a long walk, I trudged towards the Mormon temple on Williams Road. I saw some small parks with tall trees. I peeked inside the Mormon temple for the very first time. Elder On introduced me. He is a Cantonese that speaks also Mandarin. He is one of a team of missionaries that cater to Mandarin-speakers, here on Lulu Island. Later after walking more, I had Classic Lemonade at Tim Hortons café.
This 8th of May of 2025 is sunny warm. In the morning was my 6th walking voyage this spring to the Roman Catholic church on St. Albans Road. I was noticing a big tree which reminded me of the jacaranda tree because of the purple flowers, but it isn't jacaranda. I went to the big worship hall in the church and was noticing the multicoloured stained glass in front. The hall was almost empty. A lady lit a candle. There are Filipinos in this parish. At the smaller Adoration Chapel, 'twas more crowded. (My Uncle Sonny in Los Angeles habitually went to Roman Catholic church every day when he was alive. He was Filipino hybridized with white and black American. But he looked more white in reality.) Homebound, I spent a few minutes at a grove of trees. Sometimes, the trees are the temple that all I need. I'm Syncretic by religion, really, tending towards Buddhism-Animism, but I don't discount other belief systems. It's like potpourri.
This :-) is an emoticon.
This AC unit wastes a lot of electricity.
This AI can actually understand what you're trying to say.
This Algerian beach isn't too crowded.
This Algerian city has its unique architectural theme.
This Algerian company has been making home appliances since 2004.
This Algerian company is in the smartphone business.
This Algerian company is pivoting to smartphones.
This Algerian company produces parts for mobile phones.
This Algerian company specializes in paper recycling.
This Algerian factory manufactures tens of thousands of television sets per year.
This Algerian flag belonged to my grandfather.
This Algerian region is a specially protected national park.
This Algerian region is famous for its unspoiled nature.
This Algerian restaurant is the best in the world.
This Algerian town is named Tigzirt, which means literally "the island."
This Algerian vet is a dedicated conservationist.
This Algerian village remains frozen in time.
This American flag was made in China.
This Anglo-Teutonic, castellated, gothized structure must be considered as an abortive production, at once illustrative of bad taste and defective judgment.
This Bavarian Leberkäse doesn't contain any cheese nor liver.
This Berber book is easy to read.
This Berber book is too difficult for me.
This Berber carpet is handmade.
This Berber dialect was very heavily influenced by Arabic.
This Berber dictionary contains thousands and thousands of words.
This Berber dictionary is going to help you more than you think.
This Berber dictionary is the best present in the world.
This Berber expression contains a special meaning of its own.
This Berber pottery is mesmerizing.
This Berber sentence has a complicated grammatical structure.
This Berber tongue twister is very difficult to say.
This Berber tradition has died out long ago.
This Berber word didn't appear again in the whole book.
This Berber word has no English translation.
This Berber word translates roughly to dignity.
This Bible came from an Australian foundation.
This Boaz, with whose maids thou wast joined in the field, is our near kinsman, and behold this night he winnoweth barley in the threshingfloor.
This British Mandate-era coin says "Palestine" in Arabic and "Palestine EY" in Hebrew, with EY standing for Eretz Yisrael (Land of Israel).
This British actor can speak English flawlessly with an American accent.
This British art dealer is considered to be among the world's leading traffickers of looted antiquities.
This Buddhist image cannot be dated exactly.
This CAPTCHA is impossible to read.
This CD belongs to her.
This CD belongs to him.
This CD belongs to my son.
This CD costs $10.
This CD costs 10 dollar.
This CD costs ten dollars.
This CD is hers.
This CD is his.
This CD is mine, isn't it?
This CD is my son's.
This CD is my son’s.
This CD is unlabelled.
This Chinese book is not too difficult for us.
This Chinese woman is the most polite person I have ever seen.
This Christmas I want your presence, not your presents.
This Christmas is going to be great.
This DLC is so big, it should really be called an expansion pack.
This Daumier print is the most beautiful thing that I have bought as a souvenir of Paris.
This December, NASA is launching an instrument to the International Space Station to continue monitoring the Sun’s energy input to the Earth system. The Total and Spectral solar Irradiance Sensor (TSIS-1) will precisely measure what scientists call “total solar irradiance.”
This Eid I bought a lamb with horns.
This English book is too difficult for me to read.
This English composition is far from perfect.
This English course requires a lot of effort.
This English essay is far from perfect.
This English essay is suspiciously good!
This English novel is not easy enough for you to read in a week.
This Esperantist doesn't speak English.
This French singer is really terrific.
This French singer is really wonderful.
This French teacher's birthday is July 14th.
This French textbook is Tom's.
This Friday at 4:30 p.m. there is a parent-teacher meeting at the school.
This German Shepherd is my friend.
This German tourist knows Algeria well.
This Halloween party's over.
This Hoover is a beast.
This I bought in Spain.
This I can agree with.
This I can sell at cost.
This I didn't say.
This I have done.
This I have to see.
This I know from my own experience.
This I presume is your celebrated friend, Mr. Sherlock Holmes.
This I remember.
This Indian restaurant only serves vegetarian food.
This Inspector, when I first knew him, was a man of fourscore years, or thereabouts, and certainly one of the most wonderful specimens of winter-green that you would be likely to discover in a lifetime’s search. With his florid cheek, his compact figure, smartly arrayed in a bright-buttoned blue coat, his brisk and vigorous step, and his hale and hearty aspect, altogether he seemed—not young, indeed—but a kind of new contrivance of Mother Nature in the shape of man, whom age and infirmity had no business to touch. His voice and laugh, which perpetually re-echoed through the Custom-House, had nothing of the tremulous quaver and cackle of an old man’s utterance; they came strutting out of his lungs, like the crow of a cock, or the blast of a clarion.
This Irishman is capable of anything.
This Islam you converted to is a lovely religion.
This Israeli industrial estate is in occupied Palestinian territories.
This Italian car has three wheels.
This Italian restaurant has a romantic atmosphere.
This Jackson fellow seems like a shill.
This Japanese chef only uses traditional Japanese knives.
This Japanese employee, tired and angry at the system, proposed an eight-hour working day with overtime pay.
This Japanese festival attracts large crowds of foreign tourists.
This Japanese festival is internationally famous.
This Japanese garden is beautiful.
This Jewish poem is so Islamic.
This Jewish prayer is so Islamic.
This Joseph and companion will run.
This Joseph will run.
This June beetle is a female and she's looking for a place to lay her eggs.
This June was the driest we've had in the last thirty years.
This Kabyle dress can't be photographed.
This Kabyle dress comes from Algeria.
This Kabyle dress costs a hundred dollars.
This Kabyle dress does look sensational on Taninna.
This Kabyle dress is a gift.
This Kabyle dress is a souvenir from Algeria.
This Kabyle dress is amazing.
This Kabyle dress is beautiful.
This Kabyle dress is cute.
This Kabyle dress is expensive.
This Kabyle dress is fine.
This Kabyle dress is gorgeous.
This Kabyle dress is inside out.
This Kabyle dress is just beautiful.
This Kabyle dress is nice.
This Kabyle dress is not her size. It's way too big.
This Kabyle dress is only fifteen dollars.
This Kabyle dress is perfect.
This Kabyle dress is really beautiful.
This Kabyle dress is so beautiful.
This Kabyle dress is so cute.
This Kabyle dress is so expensive.
This Kabyle dress is so small.
This Kabyle dress is the first gift he bought me.
This Kabyle dress is the first present he bought me.
This Kabyle dress is the most wonderful gift.
This Kabyle dress is the perfect gift.
This Kabyle dress is very expensive.
This Kabyle dress kind of reminds me of her.
This Kabyle dress looks perfect.
This Kabyle dress looks so beautiful.
This Kabyle dress looks so good on you.
This Kabyle dress makes me feel like a princess.
This Kabyle dress makes you very presentable.
This Kabyle dress took her four days to make.
This Kabyle music is from Algeria.
This May, agricultural ministers from twenty of the world’s largest economies (G20) gathered in Istanbul, Turkey, to issue an Agricultural Communiqué outlining key actions to advance global food security and sustainable food systems.
This Mayan glyph is yet to be deciphered.
This Mustang is supercharged.
This New Age shop sells magical crystals.
This New Year's Eve, an estimated 1 million people will pack the streets of New York City's Times Square to watch the famous ball drop.
This New York City artist created a portrait series to honor US healthcare workers.
This Noria will really go far away and her voice, warm and bewitching even further than her. Beyond the message of compassion and sympathy addressed to the Matoub family, ... it has surely already started to arouse vocations in our little girls and young boys choristers, why not?
This October is warmer than usual.
This Olive Garden pasta looks like tapeworms.
This PC will save you a lot of trouble.
This Pandit is considered the greatest Sanskritist of modern India and is an absolute enigma to everyone.
This Pokemon card is very valuable.
This Polydorus Priam from the war / to Thracia's King in secret had consigned / with store of gold, when, girt with siege, he saw / Troy's towers, and trust in Dardan arms resigned.
This Ponzi scheme defrauded thousands of investors of billions of dollars.
This Publix is always crowded.
This Quranic school belongs to the village mosque.
This RPG supports both local and online multiplayer.
This Rembrandt painting is a work of art.
This Russian man has a large mustache.
This Scotch tape doesn't stick.
This Scottish professor has discovered how to take the waste products from distilling whisky and turn them into biobutanol, an alcohol that can be used as fuel.
This Second Edition of our Interlingua Grammar is a carefully corrected reprint of the first.
This September was very rainy.
This Shaolin monk is a kung-fu master.
This Shawi dress is too extravagant.
This Shawi dress makes you irresistible.
This Spanish fortress was converted into a beautiful holy shrine.
This Sunday is Mother's Day in Spain.
This Sunday let's take a joy ride and see where we end up.
This Sunday let’s take a joy ride and see where we end up.
This Sunday, there's a festival at the Hakusan shrine. How about going together in our yukatas?
This T-shirt costs ten dollars.
This T-shirt is still damp.
This T-shirt is too small for me.
This T-shirt is twice my size.
This T-shirt wore quite well.
This TV doesn't come with an HDMI cable.
This TV doesn't work.
This TV has a curved screen.
This TV host is just a foulmouth.
This TV is big and expensive.
This TV is heavy.
This TV is made in Korea.
This TV is very heavy.
This TV presenter is nothing but a potty mouth.
This TV presenter is nothing more than a foul mouth.
This TV program is really quite interesting.
This TV program seems to be very entertaining.
This TV set has a two year guarantee.
This TV set is mine.
This TV set is the best of all.
This TV show is about penguins.
This TV show is aimed at children.
This TV show is catching on now.
This TV show is growing on me, anyway.
This TV show is not as good as it used to be.
This TV show tackles issues of teenage pregnancy and homosexuality.
This TV supports 1080p.
This TV was made in China.
This TV was made ten years ago and there are no parts available, so it is impossible to repair it.
This TV wasn't cheap.
This Thanksgiving weekend, I have a surprise for Fadil.
This Tianjin rice crab ball is delicious. How did you make it?
This Tifinagh letter is the symbol of the Berber language.
This Tom is different.
This Tuareg camp site is made up of four tents.
This Turkish delight was made in China and assembled in Mexico.
This United Nations resolution calls for the withdrawal of Israel armed forces from territories occupied in the recent conflict.
This United Nations resolution calls for the withdrawal of Israeli armed forces from territories occupied in the recent conflict.
This Universe is a mystery.
This VPN doesn't slow your Internet down.
This VR headset is specially designed to eliminate screen-door effect.
This Wednesday I'll see Carla.
This YouTube channel is popular among Russian audiences.
This YouTube video has no subtitles.
This Ziri must be new here.
This a recent photo?
This ability to communicate helps us a lot.
This about the lexicon, stubbornness, the broad beans, the raven and the goat. Everyone thinks that only their beans cook well. The crow, for some people, is a goat, even if they see it fly away. It's like you said.
This academic paper is simply terrible.
This accent mostly comes from Algiers.
This accident caused a traffic jam.
This accident happened in front of his very eyes.
This accident has caused him psychological trauma.
This accident has nothing to do with me, officer.
This accident has nothing to do with me.
This accident has psychologically traumatized him.
This accident resulted from the carelessness of the driver.
This accident was brought about by his carelessness.
This accident wasn't your fault.
This account does not agree with the facts.
This account is closed by crediting items to the expense accounts.
This account is correct.
This acid has pictures of slimes on it.
This acid is extremely important in the industry and the laboratory.
This action cannot be undone.
This action is irreversible.
This action is necessary to bring the number of apportioned seats in each district in line with the reduced number of committee members and better reflect the composition of the industry.
This action left Tom angry.
This action makes me grumble.
This action will enable password-based authentication for this user.
This action would not have been sufficient to abate the odor nuisance.
This activity is incompatible with your position.
This activity is no charity but a viable business, servicing people who do not have access to electricity.
This activity is tiring.
This activity is too dangerous for you.
This activity isn't always available.
This activity will aid students in internalizing the enormity of space through the use of math and inquiry skills.
This actor does his own stunts.
This actor is very famous in Russia.
This actor is very good.
This actress is very famous in Russia.
This actually doesn't taste too bad.
This actually escalates the situation.
This actually happened to me.
This actually has a good translation in French.
This ad will end in ten seconds.
This adaptation by a popular writer has given a new life to this classic.
This adapter lets you plug in up to four USB devices.
This adaptor converts USB to HDMI.
This adaptor supports fast charging.
This added to the weight of evidence.
This additional work will take about two hours more.
This address is a sketch comedy routine!
This adds a new dimension of complexity to the problem.
This adds color to his speech.
This adds color to his way of speaking.
This adds color to the way he speaks.
This adds colour to his speech.
This adds to my troubles.
This adds to our troubles.
This adds to the expense.
This adjective is used to describe women.
This admonition is worth remembering.
This adventure made him a hero.
This adventure was about to change their lives.
This advertisement is displayed on blogs that have not been updated in over a month.
This advertisement significantly boosted the sales of this product.
This advertisement would deceive people.
This advice of yours will go a long way toward solving the problem.
This aerial spraying will focus on areas in the central Somali region of Galmudug, Puntland in the northeast, and the self-declared republic of Somaliland, the minister said.
This affair has been traumatic for you, more than you can realise at the moment.
This affair is rapidly turning into a scandal.
This affair marked me deeply.
This affair was a nail in my coffin.
This affected Mennad growing up.
This affected Yanni.
This afternoon I feel very tired.
This afternoon I have English class for two hours and then two hours of Chinese.
This afternoon I have to go pick up my brother from school.
This afternoon I went to a pharmacy.
This afternoon I will go to the forest to pick mushrooms.
This afternoon I will study at least two hours.
This afternoon it is going to rain.
This afternoon the weather is going to get worse.
This afternoon there was a double homicide committed less than two miles away from here.
This afternoon we will have an interview.
This afternoon we'll have an interview.
This afternoon when our grandmother who is hard of hearing gets company from an even more hard of hearing girlfriend, we will try to prevent them at all cost from sitting in the garden, otherwise the whole neighbourhood will all at once know our business.
This afternoon's meeting has been canceled.
This afternoon's meeting has been postponed till tomorrow.
This afternoon's meeting has been postponed to tomorrow.
This afternoon's meeting has been postponed until tomorrow.
This afternoon, I am planning to study English.
This afternoon, I'll be at the hospital visiting Tom.
This afternoon, I'll rest.
This afternoon, I'm selling my car.
This afternoon, the World Health Organization confirmed three thousand new cases of coronavirus, among which a hundred people died.
This afternoon, we sang together at our house.
This afternoon, we're going to the cinema.
This aged like a fine wine.
This agreement becomes valid at midnight.
This agreement holds good for a year.
This agreement is binding on all of us.
This agreement is binding on all parties.
This agreement is invalid, unless you bring it in black and white.
This agreement must be reviewed.
This agreement was confirmed by three companies.
This ain't half-bad.
This ain't normal.
This ain't right.
This air cleaner came pretty cheap when I bought it, but I'm rather suspicious of the "negative ions" it produces.
This air conditioner consumes a lot of electricity.
This air conditioner consumes a lot of power.
This air conditioner uses a lot of electricity.
This air corridor is largely run by military aircraft.
This aircraft carrier is scheduled for decommissioning.
This aircraft company deals with freight only.
This aircraft is capable to dogfight and bomb at the same time.
This aircraft is equipped with one of the most sophisticated flight management systems.
This aircraft is stealthy and carries cruise missiles.
This airplane accommodates 400 passengers quite comfortably.
This airplane from the 1940's still flies.
This airplane from the 1940’s still flies.
This airplane is big!
This airplane is big.
This airplane is capable of carrying 40 passengers at a time.
This airport doesn't have as many flights as New Chitose Airport and even looking from the observation deck at first there were no planes.
This airport doesn’t have as many flights as New Chitose Airport and even looking from the observation deck at first there were no planes.
This airport has the longest runways in this part of the country.
This airport has up to 300 takeoffs and landings a day.
This airport has up to 300 takeoffs and landings per day.
This airport has up to three hundred takeoffs and landings a day.
This airport has up to three hundred takeoffs and landings per day.
This airport is easily accessible by bus.
This airport lacks amenities.
This airport was built on reclaimed land.
This aisle is reserved solely for toothbrushes.
This alarm clock gains one minute a day.
This alarms me.
This album features vocals by James Taylor.
This album is not afraid to go against the grain of traditional music practice.
This album reminds me of my happy school days.
This album was produced by Tom Jackson.
This algorithm doesn't converge.
This algorithm doesn’t converge.
This algorithm is broken.
This algorithm quantifies risk.
This all adds up to one thing.
This all demands concentration and energy.
This all happened at Bethany on the other side of Jordan, where John was baptizing.
This all happened in one month.
This all happened in probably less than a second.
This all happened in sophomore year of high school.
This all has to happen without any human intervention, so the central computer software has been programmed and extensively tested to make sure all corrections can be made on the fly.
This all makes sense.
This all seemed extremely odd to her.
This all seems really important to me.
This all should go together in some way.
This all sounds extremely familiar.
This all sounds great.
This all worked reasonably well inside my own head but at the time I was only four, an age at which apparently I wasn't even speaking yet except to express basic needs.
This alley is a commonly used shortcut.
This allowed the company to flout the law.
This allows you to slow down.
This almost made me cry.
This almost never happens.
This almost works.
This alone is enough to convince us.
This alone makes it worth living.
This alphabet was at once adopted by the tribe for all purposes for which writing can be used, including the recording of their shamanistic prayers and ritualistic ceremonies.
This already happened.
This also became part of the daily schedule.
This also happened in Ziri's life.
This also happens to me.
This also raises an ethical question.
This always happens.
This always has a meaning.
This always has me frightened.
This always makes me chuckle.
This always makes me laugh.
This amount includes tax.
This amount of money is insufficient.
This amulet brings me good luck.
This amulet brings me luck.
This amulet protects against demons.
This amusement park is a famous attraction in Algiers.
This amusement park is due to open in October.
This analysis experiment watched the players dissect the environment for extreme locations (higher mountains), obscuring things with objects such as trees, and surroundings in an experiment using movement in the game's virtual world How do 4 factors such as different objects, and such complex paths affect the desire to explore.
This analysis is divided in two parts.
This ancient Babylonian trigonometric table is in some respects superior to modern trigonometry.
This ancient city was built by the Romans.
This ancient table is still in use.
This ancient tomb is cursed.
This ancient track ran east and west for many miles, and down almost to within living memory had been used for driving flocks and herds to fairs and markets. But it was now neglected and overgrown.
This and I are brothers.
This and many other causes led to the fatal outcome.
This and no more.
This and that are my brothers.
This and that are my sisters.
This and that are two different stories.
This android has a positronic brain.
This angered Dmitri more.
This angered Stefan.
This anglicism is unnecessary. There are already a lot of nice words for that in German.
This animal breathes with its lungs.
This animal cannot fly. Its wings are broken.
This animal externally resembles the seal, but he is stronger and much larger. Like the seals they have five toes to each paw, but their claws are shorter, and their head shorter and rounder.
This animal feeds on flesh.
This animal feeds on meat.
This animal has a naked body.
This animal has an elongated body.
This animal has four feet.
This animal is a peacock.
This animal is an herbivore.
This animal is better than that one.
This animal is bigger than that one.
This animal is dangerous.
This animal is friendly.
This animal is just working for rewards.
This animal is mine.
This animal is the size of a beaver.
This animal is very clever.
This animal is very intelligent.
This animal isn't dangerous; you can touch it.
This animal only eats plants.
This animal's tail is long and strong.
This animal's wings are broken.
This ankle abrasion is still sore.
This announcer is really bad!
This announcer is really good.
This annoyed Ziri.
This annoying bug has finally been fixed.
This annoys me very much.
This annoys me.
This answer almost amounts to a threat.
This answer can be interpreted in different ways.
This answer has no question.
This answer is useful for every similar future case.
This answer is wrong.
This answer made him angry.
This answer makes me angry.
This answer may not necessarily be wrong.
This answers all of your questions.
This ant is the queen; don't you see she has wings?
This ant is the queen; don’t you see she has wings?
This anti-aging cream is very expensive.
This anti-barking collar sprays citronella into the dog's face when the microphone detects barking.
This antique brazier no longer has any real utility.
This antique clock is in nearly perfect condition.
This antique clock is worth one thousand dollars.
This antique horsehair sofa smells like old cigars.
This antiseptic will hurt.
This antivirus doesn't slow your computer down.
This apartment gets pretty hot in the afternoon.
This apartment has a galley kitchen.
This apartment is Ziri's.
This apartment is bigger than any other one in the building.
This apartment is for long term rent.
This apartment is not for sale.
This apartment is too big for one person.
This apartment is too expensive.
This apartment is very expensive.
This apartment is within biking distance of the university.
This apartment is within walking distance of campus.
This apartment isn't so bad.
This apartment looks like a classic bachelor pad, with pizza boxes and beer cans all over the floor.
This apartment makes me feel at home.
This apartment seems pretty affordable.
This apartment seems pretty cheap.
This apartment will give Sami and Layla some space to spread out.
This apiary has around 10,000 bees.
This apology is not enough.
This app allows you to download stories for free to read offline.
This app automatically signs you in when you open it.
This app can help.
This app can translate from an image.
This app doesn't require Wi-Fi.
This app hasn't been localised properly, so you can still see some Japanese strings here and there.
This app is a great tool to learn languages.
This app is free.
This app is not up to date.
This app is very useful.
This app really helped me to learn Berber.
This app requires an American phone number.
This app was developed by an Algeria-based company.
This app was developed in Algeria.
This app will help you improve your English level.
This app will let you sync your photos and music between all your devices.
This appeared to be an intentional murder.
This appears to be the plan.
This appears to have been inevitable.
This apple began to rot.
This apple has a pleasantly sweet taste.
This apple has a worm in it.
This apple has started to go bad.
This apple has started to rot.
This apple is a little small, but it's abounding in flavour.
This apple is bad.
This apple is big.
This apple is for Tom.
This apple is for you.
This apple is green.
This apple is not red.
This apple is old and rotten.
This apple is really sweet.
This apple is red.
This apple is redder.
This apple is rotten.
This apple is sour.
This apple is starting to rot.
This apple is sweet.
This apple is this fly's house.
This apple is too small.
This apple is very delicious.
This apple is very red.
This apple is wormy.
This apple is yellow.
This apple isn't sweet. It is sour.
This apple isn't that juicy.
This apple juice is 100% pure.
This apple juice is pure.
This apple started to rot.
This apple tastes pleasantly sweet.
This apple tastes sour, doesn't it?
This apple tastes sour, doesn’t it?
This apple tastes sour.
This apple tastes very sour.
This apple tree bears many fruits.
This apple was given to me by Tom.
This application is awesome.
This application is updated automatically.
This application just eats up your battery.
This application lets you invest in the stock market.
This application needs more features.
This application really helped me to learn Berber.
This application runs on Tom's phone, but not on Mary's.
This applies to many people.
This applies to your case as well.
This appointment is pretty important.
This approach has worked before.
This approach is theoretically sound but practically dubious.
This app’s privacy policy is over thirty pages long!
This aquarium has a closed loop water circulation system.
This aquarium has an underwater tunnel.
This archaeological site was damaged during the war.
This architectural monument certainly deserves a more detailed description.
This area abounds in wild animals.
This area has always creeped Ziri out.
This area has been considerably built up of late.
This area has been quarantined.
This area has changed a lot in the last few years.
This area has changed a lot since we moved here.
This area has changed a lot.
This area has changed completely.
This area has completely changed.
This area has more giraffes than any other in Africa.
This area has really gone down hill. It's time to sell up and move out.
This area is a good place to bring up kids.
This area is as big as a football pitch.
This area is beautiful year-round.
This area is devastated.
This area is extremely isolated.
This area is famous for beautiful women.
This area is famous for its beaches.
This area is famous for its good apples.
This area is famous for its handcraft business.
This area is famous for its large amount of elephants.
This area is famous for its rice.
This area is famous for its sandy beaches.
This area is famous for tangerines.
This area is filled with mountains.
This area is for cattle.
This area is full of hungry bears.
This area is getting ritzy.
This area is gradually being deforested.
This area is great for walking, but is also a popular climbing area.
This area is home to thousands of grizzly bears.
This area is hotter than the Sahara desert.
This area is known for its beautiful scenery.
This area is not equipped for tourism.
This area is off limits to the public.
This area is off limits.
This area is off-limits.
This area is pressurized.
This area is reserved for people with reduced mobility.
This area is reserved for the handicapped.
This area is rich in marine products.
This area is still underdeveloped because of a lack of interest from the government.
This area is still uninhabited.
This area is temporarily off-limits.
This area is under Chinese control.
This area is under construction.
This area is zoned for industrial use.
This area isn't open to the public.
This area of Algeria is a stone desert where no one can live.
This area of Algeria is connected to the national grid.
This area of Algeria is known for its frequent landslides.
This area of Algeria is largely inaccessible.
This area of Algeria is prone to frequent flooding.
This area of Algeria is prone to landslides.
This area of Algeria is technically considered desert.
This area of Algiers is also going to be torn down.
This area of Algiers is buzzing with restaurants.
This area of Algiers is known for its low rent.
This area of Algiers is prone to flooding.
This area of Algiers is well populated.
This area of Kabylie has never had a kidnapping problem.
This area of the Sahara is known for its strange rock formations.
This area of the library is closed to the public.
This area suffers from a shortage of water.
This area suffers from water shortages.
This area was bombed during the war.
This area was first settled by the Dutch more than two hundred years ago.
This area will continue to be rainy.
This area's off limits.
This argument doesn't go into sufficient deep.
This argument has already been made elsewhere.
This argument has convinced me.
This argument is far from over.
This argument is irrefutable.
This argument is nothing more than rhetoric.
This argument is pure rhetoric.
This argument is somewhat lacking in cogency.
This argument is totally ridiculous. Forget it!
This argument is unassailable.
This argument is utter nonsense.
This argument won't get us anywhere.
This armchair is a rarity.
This armchair is comfortable to sit in.
This armchair is comfortable.
This armchair is so nice and comfortable.
This aroused her suspicion.
This aroused my fears.
This arouses my curiosity.
This arrangement is only temporary.
This art collection is rich in paintings by Dutch masters.
This article analyzes both the benefits and the drawbacks of reducing military spending.
This article can be freely copied or translated for non-commercial purposes if the source is mentioned.
This article cannot be found anywhere.
This article comes with a free gift.
This article contains some genuinely new ideas.
This article contains tips for those who are eager to increase their vocabulary.
This article doesn't cite any sources.
This article doesn't explain much.
This article doesn't make sense.
This article expresses the personal opinion of the author.
This article has to go through the censor's office.
This article is an alarming combination of gossip, superstition and nonsense.
This article is badly written.
This article is cheap.
This article is critical of the way investigations are being made into the matter.
This article is for sale.
This article is full of legal jargon.
This article is full of legalese.
This article is full of lies.
This article is full of sympathetic insights into Shakespeare.
This article is high quality.
This article is misleading.
This article is more interesting as compared to the previous one.
This article is more interesting than the previous one.
This article is nonsense.
This article is not peer-reviewed.
This article is of no value.
This article is partially correct.
This article is too easy to translate.
This article is too long.
This article is too short.
This article is very good.
This article is very interesting. Read it.
This article is written too colloquially and has too many spelling mistakes.
This article is wrong.
This article isn't written very coherently.
This article makes fun of vegetarians.
This article needs to be edited.
This article of the constitution was declared inapplicable.
This article on religion may interest you: "The Relationship between Religion and Deviance in a Largely Irreligious Country: Findings from the 2010 China General Social Survey."
This article pokes fun at vegetarians.
This article reminds me of something I saw on TV.
This article was boring.
This article was written by a college professor.
This article will affect my thinking.
This artist creates beautiful paintings.
This artist died young.
This artist does Chinese painting.
This artist has a very distinctive style.
This artist has his own studio.
This artist is pretentious.
This artist is soon to be famous like Yamagata.
This artist loved clothing and hair. You can see he went crazy in depicting the hair and the hair combs.
This artist rendering shows a cutaway view into the interior of Saturn’s moon Enceladus.
This artist's got his own studio.
This artist's lifestyle is unconventional.
This artists uses auto-tune.
This artwork excited much controversy in the world of art.
This asparagus is delicious.
This aspect was deliberately overlooked.
This aspect was studiously ignored.
This aspic of yours with fish is such an abomination.
This assertion is false.
This asshole assaulted her, putting his hand over her mouth and saying "I'm going to fuck you in the ass now, bitch".
This assignment is to be handed in on Monday.
This assignment presents many difficulties.
This association shall be called the E.S.S.
This association was founded by an Algerian immigrant to Canada.
This assumption is basically correct.
This asteroid has only once been seen through the telescope. That was by a Turkish astronomer, in 1909.
This asteroid passed close to Earth.
This astronaut studies the effects of space travel on the human body.
This athlete is strong and agile.
This attempt has been less than a complete success.
This attempt resulted in failure.
This attitude is disrespectful for a woman of your age.
This attitude is disrespectful to a woman of your age.
This attitude is unacceptable!
This attitude, the Protestant work ethic, still influences Americans today.
This attracted my attention.
This attraction is the tallest and longest wooden roller coaster in the world.
This audiobook is worth listening to.
This auditorium can seat up to 300 people.
This auditorium holds two thousand people.
This author cranks out two novels each year.
This author doesn't understand at all what need would a man and a woman who can't be involved in a romantic relationship have of becoming friends.
This author doesn't understand at all why a man and a woman who can't become lovers would become friends.
This author is a prominent critic of the role of the United States as a superpower.
This author is critical of the mainstream media.
This author is internationally known.
This author is writing a new book now.
This author's books don't suit me because the erotic descriptions are too perverted.
This author's writing style is unique; once you read it, you'll never forget.
This autodidact must to bed go.
This automated alarm is triggered by the initial elastic P-wave of a tremor, which immediately precedes the slower but more destructive secondary wave, which then shakes the ground back and forth perpendicular to the direction it is moving.
This automobile only traveled 200 kilometers.
This autumn I am, unusually, watching many drama series.
This autumn's been rather strange.
This avenue is wide but not very long.
This awful message can't have come from us.
This awkward silence is insufferable.
This axiom is unquestionably true.
This azulejo tile panel was put together by the students of this school.
This baby cannot yet walk.
This baby giraffe is only a few hours old.
This baby giraffe was born into drought and its herd face starvation.
This baby giraffe was born yesterday and it's already taller than an average adult man.
This baby giraffe was born yesterday and it's already two meters tall.
This baby is 3 weeks old.
This baby is Sami's.
This baby is half a year old.
This baby is really cute!
This baby is six months old.
This baby is your grandchild.
This baby penguin is too cute!
This babysitter only babysits children.
This back brace is pretty comfortable.
This back brace is very rigid.
This back brace limits movement.
This backpack cost a lot.
This backpack is blue-ish.
This backpack is really heavy. I don't think I'll be able to carry it all the way to school.
This backrub feels great.
This bacon is like rubber.
This bacteria is resistant to every available antibiotic.
This bacterium is resistant to penicillin.
This bad practice will gradually die out.
This bad weather is more than I bargained for.
This bad weather will affect the crops.
This bad weather will certainly have an effect on the crops.
This bad weather won't last forever.
This baffles my mind.
This bag cost me 6 pounds.
This bag cost me a fiver.
This bag cost me thirty dollars.
This bag cost me three hundred dollars.
This bag cost six pounds.
This bag cost six quid.
This bag cost £6.
This bag costs the price of two computers.
This bag doesn't belong to me.
This bag doesn't go with those shoes.
This bag doesn't match those shoes.
This bag has kidney beans in it. It is very special.
This bag is 4 kilograms overweight.
This bag is big and heavy.
This bag is both good and inexpensive.
This bag is empty.
This bag is expensive.
This bag is greasy.
This bag is lighter.
This bag is made from genuine leather.
This bag is made from vegan leather.
This bag is made in China.
This bag is made of leather.
This bag is mine.
This bag is not available in any store.
This bag is not big enough.
This bag is not small.
This bag is too heavy.
This bag is very heavy.
This bag isn't big enough.
This bag isn't small.
This bag looks as tough as the one you have.
This bag of peanuts may contain peanuts.
This bag of rice weighs 11 pounds.
This bag of yours isn't in the best condition.
This bag was carried by car.
This bag won't do for traveling abroad.
This bag won’t do for traveling abroad.
This bag's heavy.
This baggage is too big to send by mail.
This baggage three times as heavy as that one.
This bakery has the best pastries in town.
This bakery still makes everything by hand, without using any baking mixes.
This ball is light as a feather.
This ball is round.
This ball is that boy's treasure.
This ball is that boy’s treasure.
This ball is the treasure of that boy.
This ballad is thirty verses long.
This ballerina has a lithe body.
This balloon floats because it's filled with helium.
This ballpoint pen is mine.
This bamboo is too thin to bear much weight.
This banana is almost completely black.
This banana is brown.
This banana is delicious.
This banana is green.
This banana is rotten.
This banana is yellow.
This banana went bad.
This band defines Korean screamo.
This band have a song in an EP from a year ago about the loss of strength and giving up, and this year they managed without obstacles to represent their country in the biggest music competition in the world and gained thousands of fans from many countries. The fact that my friend is a big fan of theirs gives me hope that he'll still continue with creative work in one way or another, even if his focus would be completely different from what it used to be before. I don't have any expectations, but I'm ready to support him as soon as he comes back to what he used to love.
This band is going nowhere.
This band is really good.
This bandana is mine.
This banjo is yours if you want it.
This bank always watches out for its own interests.
This bank has many branches.
This bank machine lets you not only withdraw money, but also deposit it.
This bank opens at nine in the morning and shuts at three in the afternoon.
This bank secretly opened bank accounts in people's names without their permission.
This bank was robbed three weeks ago.
This banknote is a forgery.
This banknote is dirty, I don't want it.
This bar is a popular student hangout.
This bar is much busier later in the evening.
This bar is seedy. Let's leave.
This barn was built by Tom.
This barn was built in 2013.
This barrel holds over 300 litres.
This base is now under our control.
This basement is huge.
This basin had a secret gate, of which the King alone possessed the key, and which he opened and closed at the necessary times.
This basket is full of figs.
This basket is woven from willow.
This basket of fruits is a slight acknowledgement of your kindness.
This basket was woven from willow.
This basketball was signed by Michael Jordan.
This bastard thinks that everyone should worship him.
This batch is expired.
This battery is about to run out of juice.
This battery is charged.
This battery is dead.
This battery is going to run out.
This battery is rechargeable.
This battle changed the course of history.
This battle left Napoleon master of Europe.
This bay is called New York Harbor.
This bay produces more shellfish for American tables than any other inlet on the West Coast.
This beach doesn't allow any pets.
This beach has a lot of seashore plants growing on it so it's not a popular spot for swimming.
This beach has a strong and dangerous riptide.
This beach is a great spot for swimming.
This beach is a nesting ground for sea turtles.
This beach is a paradise for surfers.
This beach is a popular tourist spot.
This beach is also popular with surfers.
This beach is beautiful.
This beach is dangerous at night.
This beach is known for its soft sand.
This beach is very popular with surfers.
This beach isn't safe at night.
This beam won't hold the weight of the second story.
This beam won’t hold the weight of the second story.
This bear is worth millions.
This beautiful autumn weather we've been having makes up for the wet summer.
This beautiful autumn weather we’ve been having makes up for the wet summer.
This beautiful dress is made of silk.
This beautiful garden owes more to art than to nature.
This beautiful house is so expensive that we can't buy it.
This beautiful house is so expensive that we can’t buy it.
This beautiful ivy changes color in October.
This beauty is a heather.
This became an issue that Yanni had to deal with.
This became the biggest challenges.
This bed is a mess.
This bed is cold.
This bed is comfortable.
This bed is hard.
This bed is heavy.
This bed is not comfortable.
This bed is too hard to sleep in.
This bed is too hard to sleep on.
This bed is too hard.
This bed is too small for Tom and Mary to fit in.
This bed is too soft for me.
This bed is too soft.
This bed is very comfortable.
This bed is very hard.
This bed is very soft.
This bed is warm too.
This bed is way too soft for me.
This bed isn't comfortable.
This bed looks solid.
This bed looks sturdy.
This bed makes the small of my back hurt.
This bed seems sturdy.
This bedroom doesn't get very much sunlight.
This beech tree is roughly a hundred years old, and its crown measures about twelve metres in diameter.
This beef is four dollars per pound.
This beef is good.
This beef is so rare that a good vet could save it.
This beef is tender.
This beef is very nice and tender.
This beefsteak smells good.
This beehive is a home of my bee Zosia.
This beer contains 5% alcohol.
This beer contains a high proportion of alcohol.
This beer has a high content of alcohol.
This beer has a rather bitter taste.
This beer has a somewhat bitter flavour.
This beer has an alcohol content of 5%.
This beer is a little heady.
This beer is bitter.
This beer is brewed according to the Bavarian Purity Law.
This beer is cold.
This beer is delicious.
This beer is dry.
This beer is excellent.
This beer is for Tom.
This beer is for you.
This beer is lovely and cold.
This beer is nice and cold.
This beer is not cold enough.
This beer is really good.
This beer is the best.
This beer is very good.
This beer isn't cold enough.
This beer isn't cold.
This beer mug holds a pint. But how much is that?
This beer mug holds one pint.
This beer smells like piss.
This beer tastes bitter.
This beer tastes quite bitter.
This beer's all right.
This beer's good.
This beer's not cold.
This beer's taste is unique.
This befits you.
This began in Sami's early life.
This begins in childhood.
This behavior could be traced back to his kittenhood.
This behavior is completely unacceptable.
This behavior is energy-efficient in an environment where calories can be hard to come by.
This behavior seems to be realistic.
This behavior shows a lack of respect for the performance.
This behaviour is typical of him.
This behaviour is unacceptable.
This behoves historians to never take any of its statements at their face value.
This being accomplished, they returned to their sheep and goats, which they found lying on the ground neither browsing nor bleating but worried, as it were, by the absence of their keepers.
This belly button looks weird.
This belly button ring is from Thailand.
This belonged to Tom.
This belonged to my mother.
This belonged to our mother.
This belongs to Tom.
This belongs to me.
This belongs to my father.
This belongs to someone else.
This belongs to us.
This belongs to you, I think.
This belongs to you.
This belt fits me too tightly.
This belt is squishing my waist.
This belt is too tight on me.
This bench has a barrier to prevent the homeless from sleeping.
This benefit is invaluable.
This benefits no one.
This berry is good to eat.
This berry is tasty.
This berry's tasty.
This bet won't go well for me.
This better be good.
This better be important.
This better not be a trap.
This better not be some sort of joke.
This better not happen again.
This better work.
This bickering is pointless.
This bicycle belongs to Tom.
This bicycle belongs to me.
This bicycle belongs to my brother.
This bicycle belongs to our school.
This bicycle belongs to you, doesn't it?
This bicycle didn't cost as much as I expected.
This bicycle didn't cost that much.
This bicycle gives you a choice of 24 gears.
This bicycle has been left here since the beginning of this month.
This bicycle is Tom's, not mine.
This bicycle is Tom's.
This bicycle is a gift for you.
This bicycle is cute.
This bicycle is great.
This bicycle is mine, and that one's Tom's.
This bicycle is mine, not Tom's.
This bicycle is mine.
This bicycle is mine. Yours is over there.
This bicycle is old, but it's better than nothing.
This bicycle is old, but it’s better than nothing.
This bicycle is yours, isn't it?
This bicycle isn't Tom's.
This bicycle isn't yours.
This bicycle looks like mine.
This bicycle needs oiling.
This bicycle needs repairing.
This bicycle used to belong to Tom.
This bicycle was very expensive.
This big bag is heavy.
This big book makes my brain hurt.
This big gate is disproportionate to the small garden.
This big sofa is really not suitable for a small room.
This bike belongs to my little brother.
This bike belongs to my younger brother.
This bike has an aluminum frame.
This bike is awful; it's too heavy.
This bike is awful; it’s too heavy.
This bike is easy to ride.
This bike is green and red.
This bike is like the one I've got.
This bike is similar to mine.
This bike is the same as mine.
This bike is used by my brother.
This bike isn't safe to ride; the wheel wobbles too much.
This bike needs to be repaired.
This bilingual glossary contains thousands of terms.
This bill is long past due.
This bill is safe to pass.
This bill is unnecessary.
This bill sounds medieval.
This bill was sent to the Senate for its approval.
This bill's wrong, mate.
This billionaire has 5 homes in 4 different countries.
This biography is fascinating.
This biography is very interesting.
This birch grove is a very romantic spot for a clandestine rendezvous.
This bird can fly.
This bird can imitate the human voice.
This bird can't fly.
This bird can't fly. Its wings are broken.
This bird cannot fly.
This bird flies very quickly.
This bird has a bright plumage.
This bird has a broken wing.
This bird has a broken wing. It can't fly anymore.
This bird is a wagtail.
This bird is beautiful.
This bird is called a seagull.
This bird is in danger of dying out.
This bird is injured.
This bird is known as a cuckoo.
This bird is now in danger of extinction.
This bird is now on the verge of extinction.
This bird is pretty.
This bird is very colorful.
This bird lives in Algeria.
This bird lives neither in Japan nor in China.
This bird looks like a sparrow.
This bird only lives in Algeria.
This bird's large wings enable it to fly very fast.
This bird's wings are broken.
This birdhouse was designed by a famous architect.
This bird’s large wings enable it to fly very fast.
This birthday has to be perfect.
This bishop cannot stand on a black square.
This bit isn't good, rewrite it.
This bit isn’t good, rewrite it.
This bitch is a hoe.
This bitch is annoying.
This bitch will suck you dry.
This black mouse is big.
This blackboard is not black, but green.
This blackboard isn't black, but green.
This blanket is really soft.
This blanket is too soft.
This blanket is warm.
This blanket isn't clean.
This blanket will help keep Tom warm.
This block doesn't have a community pool.
This block of apartments is a building that takes both the environment and health into consideration. From now on we want to further expand this system and knowhow.
This blog covers topics that centre on information infrastructure.
This blog post gives us ample information on just how delusional the recording industry really is, and shows why they must be stopped.
This blog post has many colors in it.
This blog post has many colors.
This bloke is Tom.
This blood is picturesque.
This bloody computer's not working.
This bloody rain ruined all my plans.
This bloody traffic is killing me!
This blot can't be wiped out.
This blot can’t be wiped out.
This blotting paper absorbs ink well.
This blouse buttons at the back.
This blouse is 100% cotton.
This blouse is cotton.
This blouse is made of cotton.
This blouse is made of polyester and cotton.
This blows.
This blue backpack is heavy.
This blue dress looks great on you.
This blue flower is beautiful.
This blue sweater is very nice.
This blue sweater is very pretty.
This blue thing isn't yellow.
This blurs the line between news and advertising.
This board bores easily.
This board game is missing a few pieces.
This board game is really fun.
This board game was designed so that every game is fairly close until the last turn.
This board is 2 metres tall, 40 cm wide, and 5 cm thick.
This boat doesn't have radar.
This boat goes through the jungle.
This boat has six oars.
This boat is made with high grade aluminum and high strength iron.
This boat is no longer seaworthy.
This boat is not for sale.
This boat is not seaworthy.
This boat is seaworthy.
This boat is too slow.
This boat is too small.
This boat isn't seaworthy.
This boat sails through the Strait of Gibraltar.
This boat won't sink.
This bodice was made with linen and synthetic whalebone.
This body has no life.
This body is just a shell.
This bolt broke.
This bolt fits this nut.
This bolt is loose.
This bomb can kill a lot of people.
This bomb can kill many people.
This bomb could destroy the whole world.
This bond is null and void.
This book I wrote is complete trash, but trash sells.
This book aims to provide an explanation of modern Japanese grammar that is as systematic and as easily understood as possible.
This book being very difficult, I can't read it.
This book being very difficult, I can’t read it.
This book belongs here.
This book belongs to Paolo.
This book belongs to Paul.
This book belongs to Tom.
This book belongs to Tony.
This book belongs to her.
This book belongs to him.
This book belongs to me.
This book belongs to my friend.
This book belongs to the library.
This book belongs to the school library.
This book belongs to them.
This book belongs to them. It's theirs.
This book belongs to them. It’s theirs.
This book belongs to you.
This book belongs to you. It is not mine.
This book can be read in one sitting.
This book can help you.
This book can't go into the bag.
This book can’t go into the bag.
This book changed my life.
This book comes in two volumes.
This book consists of five chapters.
This book contains a lot of beautiful illustrations.
This book contains a lot of misprints.
This book contains a lot of photos.
This book contains a lot of short stories.
This book contains a wealth of photographs.
This book contains all of Shakespeare's works.
This book contains forty photographs.
This book contains interesting facts about giraffes.
This book contains many pictures.
This book contains references to sexual abuse.
This book contains the complete works of Shakespeare.
This book cost me a fortune.
This book cost me thirty dollars.
This book cost me three dollars.
This book cost me two quid.
This book costs 20 dollars.
This book costs 23.50.
This book costs 3,000 yen.
This book costs 4 dollars.
This book costs four dollars.
This book costs more or less 20 euros.
This book could be useful to you.
This book counts among the best of his work.
This book covers the subject completely.
This book deals with China.
This book deals with anthropology.
This book deals with facts.
This book deals with life in the United Kingdom.
This book deals with psychology.
This book deals with the invasion of the Romans.
This book deals with the new theory of linguistics.
This book deals with the uses of atomic power.
This book describes the life of a Jewish family during the Nazi era.
This book didn't seem to interest Tom.
This book doesn't belong to Tom.
This book doesn't have much text.
This book gave me a good laugh.
This book gives a blow by blow account of how the banking system is ruining our financial security.
This book gives a good picture of life in America during the Civil War.
This book gives us a good idea of economics.
This book goes on the top shelf.
This book had been written by someone famous.
This book has 13 chapters.
This book has 252 pages exclusive of illustrations.
This book has 252 pages, excluding illustrations.
This book has a French translation.
This book has a certain value.
This book has a library stamp.
This book has a lot of illustrations.
This book has a lot of pages.
This book has a lot of pictures.
This book has a lot of useful Berber words.
This book has a number of mistakes, but it's interesting.
This book has a number of mistakes, but it’s interesting.
This book has amazing art. I wonder who the illustrator is.
This book has beautiful illustrations.
This book has become widely read in our country.
This book has been translated into French.
This book has been translated into more than fifty languages.
This book has been translated into several languages.
This book has few, if any, misprints.
This book has gone through eight editions.
This book has helped many people lose weight.
This book has lots of pretty pictures.
This book has many beautiful pictures.
This book has many chapters.
This book has many kanji, so it's difficult to read.
This book has many pictures.
This book has more than eighty pages.
This book has no pictures.
This book has now been translated into French.
This book has restored my faith in humanity.
This book has several authors.
This book has the two thousand most common words in Portuguese.
This book has undergone several translations.
This book hasn't been translated into English.
This book hasn't received the attention it deserves.
This book hasn't yet been translated into French.
This book helped me improve my Berber immensely.
This book helped me to understand Islam.
This book helps you increase your Arabic vocabulary.
This book helps you write efficiently.
This book helps you write more effectively.
This book implements a new system of instruction.
This book includes a variety of foods and their important facts related to health.
This book is 'popular science' in the best meaning of the word.
This book is Ali's.
This book is Ali’s.
This book is Paolo's.
This book is Tom's.
This book is Tony's.
This book is Tony’s.
This book is a bildungsroman.
This book is a dry read.
This book is a fascinating read.
This book is a good guide for beginners.
This book is a good introduction to gardening.
This book is a historical novel.
This book is a little out of date.
This book is a must for every student studying English.
This book is a real page-turner.
This book is a real treasure for all those who are interested in ancient Egypt.
This book is a result of his enthusiastic research.
This book is a whodunit.
This book is about Algeria.
This book is about Australia.
This book is about China.
This book is about a king who loses his crown.
This book is about a king who lost his crown.
This book is about animals.
This book is about anthropology.
This book is about education.
This book is about life in England.
This book is about life in the Soviet Union.
This book is about stars.
This book is about the stars.
This book is about torture.
This book is above me.
This book is above my understanding.
This book is abridged from the original.
This book is absolutely useless.
This book is adapted for children.
This book is also available in French.
This book is amazing.
This book is an antique.
This book is an introduction to Islam.
This book is as interesting as that book.
This book is as small as that one.
This book is at once interesting and instructive.
This book is available at one shop only.
This book is bad.
This book is banned.
This book is beautifully illustrated.
This book is better than any I have ever read.
This book is better than that one.
This book is better.
This book is black.
This book is boring.
This book is both interesting and instructive.
This book is certainly very old!
This book is chiefly concerned with the effects of secondhand smoking.
This book is complex.
This book is composed of three chapters.
This book is covered in marbled paper.
This book is damaged.
This book is dearer than that one.
This book is designed to teach children how to read.
This book is different from that one.
This book is difficult to read as it is written in French.
This book is difficult to understand.
This book is difficult.
This book is divided into chapters.
This book is divided into four parts.
This book is easy enough for a five-year-old child to read.
This book is easy enough for children to read.
This book is easy enough for me to read.
This book is easy enough for them to read.
This book is easy for me to read.
This book is easy for you to read.
This book is easy to read, since it's written in simple English.
This book is easy to read.
This book is easy.
This book is especially difficult to read.
This book is even more interesting than that one.
This book is even more interesting than that.
This book is excellent.
This book is fairly interesting.
This book is far above me.
This book is fascinating.
This book is for students whose native language is not Japanese.
This book is for you.
This book is from the school's library.
This book is full of dirty jokes.
This book is full of errors.
This book is full of figures of speech.
This book is full of mistakes.
This book is fundamental for an understanding of biology.
This book is geared towards beginners.
This book is going to change Yanni's life.
This book is good but that one is even better.
This book is good.
This book is green.
This book is gripping.
This book is hard for me to read.
This book is hard to understand.
This book is heavy reading.
This book is heavy.
This book is hers.
This book is highly recommended.
This book is his best effort to date.
This book is his.
This book is hot off from the press.
This book is important for a number of reasons.
This book is in English.
This book is in Russian with facing English translation.
This book is in the public domain.
This book is intended for students who do not speak Japanese as a native language.
This book is interesting and, what is more, very instructive.
This book is interesting except for a few mistakes.
This book is interesting no matter how many times I read it.
This book is interesting to read.
This book is interesting, also instructive.
This book is interesting, but boring.
This book is interesting.
This book is just as interesting as that one.
This book is less large than that one.
This book is likely to be useful to you.
This book is meant for children.
This book is mine and that one is hers.
This book is mine, and that one is his.
This book is mine, but the one on the table is yours.
This book is mine, not Mary's.
This book is mine, not Tom's.
This book is mine.
This book is mine. Where is yours?
This book is mine; I wrote my name in it myself.
This book is mine; my name is written on the inside cover.
This book is mine; that one is his.
This book is missing three pages.
This book is missing two pages.
This book is more expensive than that one.
This book is more interesting than that book.
This book is more interesting than that one over there.
This book is more interesting than the one I read last week.
This book is much more interesting than that one.
This book is much more useful than that one.
This book is my father's.
This book is my good luck charm. I read it every five months.
This book is my good luck charm; I read it every five months.
This book is new.
This book is not about linguistics.
This book is not as easy as that one.
This book is not as large as that one.
This book is not as large that one.
This book is not available in Japan.
This book is not dedicated to anyone.
This book is not for humans.
This book is not for sale.
This book is not hard to read.
This book is not less amusing than that one.
This book is not only interesting but also instructive.
This book is not only more instructive but more interesting than that book.
This book is not only useless but even harmful.
This book is not sold here.
This book is not written in English.
This book is now considered politically incorrect.
This book is of great use to us.
This book is of great use.
This book is of great value to students of science.
This book is old, so please be a bit more careful.
This book is old.
This book is older than that one.
This book is on the manners and customs of America.
This book is one of the poet's best works.
This book is one of the poet’s best works.
This book is one that I would not recommend to others, but one that I could read all the time.
This book is only available in French.
This book is only available in a store.
This book is only for reference.
This book is only published in French.
This book is out of print.
This book is outstanding, the author has a way with words.
This book is over 300 pages long.
This book is over three hundred pages long.
This book is overdue.
This book is part of our culture.
This book is pleasant to read.
This book is popular amongst students.
This book is popular with students.
This book is predominated by dark and gloomy tone.
This book is pretty easy for me to read.
This book is pretty good.
This book is pretty interesting.
This book is printed in Australia.
This book is printed in England.
This book is quite above me.
This book is quite difficult.
This book is ready to go to press.
This book is really boring.
This book is really cool.
This book is really difficult to finish reading in a week.
This book is really interesting.
This book is really old!
This book is really old.
This book is really small!
This book is really useful.
This book is really worth reading.
This book is red.
This book is relatively short.
This book is selling like hotcakes.
This book is selling well in Japan.
This book is selling well these days.
This book is small.
This book is smaller than that one.
This book is smaller.
This book is so absorbing that I can't put it down.
This book is so absorbing that I can’t put it down.
This book is so amusing that I could go on reading for hours.
This book is so cool.
This book is so difficult that I can't read it.
This book is so difficult that I can’t read it.
This book is so difficult, I can’t read it.
This book is so easy that a child can read it.
This book is so easy that even a child can read it.
This book is sold at a highly competitive price!
This book is sold for a very attractive price!
This book is sold here.
This book is still copyrighted.
This book is still in circulation and can be found in the bookshops.
This book is still interesting even after reading it many times.
This book is suitable for beginners.
This book is suitable for general readers.
This book is suitable for your needs.
This book is surprisingly easy to read, isn't it?
This book is surprisingly easy to read, isn’t it?
This book is the best one I've ever read.
This book is the least interesting of the three.
This book is the literary equivalent of Haribo sweets: you only want to eat one, but end up devouring the whole packet.
This book is the most interesting book of all.
This book is the most interesting.
This book is the one that I can actually keep.
This book is the smallest of all the books.
This book is the smallest of all.
This book is the smallest of them all.
This book is the smallest out of all of them.
This book is thick and the other is thin.
This book is thicker than that book.
This book is to me what the Bible is to you.
This book is too boring for me.
This book is too boring.
This book is too dear for me.
This book is too difficult for me to read.
This book is too difficult for me to understand.
This book is too difficult for me.
This book is too difficult for you to read.
This book is too difficult to read in a week.
This book is too difficult to read.
This book is too difficult to understand.
This book is too easy to translate.
This book is too expensive for me.
This book is too expensive.
This book is too expensive. I can't afford to buy it.
This book is too expensive. I can’t afford to buy it.
This book is too hard for me.
This book is too large to fit in my pocket.
This book is too large to go in my pocket.
This book is too thick.
This book is translated into 36 languages and has been published in more than a 100 countries all over the world.
This book is translated into French.
This book is unique in many ways.
This book is unputdownable.
This book is useful.
This book is very confusing, I'm going to look for a simpler one.
This book is very famous.
This book is very good except for a few mistakes.
This book is very good.
This book is very heavy.
This book is very important to me.
This book is very interesting.
This book is very new.
This book is very old.
This book is very popular among women.
This book is very small.
This book is very thick.
This book is very thin.
This book is very useful for us.
This book is very valuable.
This book is very well written.
This book is way more interesting than that one.
This book is well written.
This book is widely available in bookstores.
This book is widely available in libraries.
This book is within the capacity of children.
This book is within the capacity of young readers.
This book is worth every penny.
This book is worth more than any other book in our library.
This book is worth reading again and again.
This book is worth reading again.
This book is worth reading more than once.
This book is worth reading over and over again.
This book is worth reading twice.
This book is worth reading.
This book is worthy of attention.
This book is worthy of praise.
This book is written in Albanian.
This book is written in Berber.
This book is written in English.
This book is written in French.
This book is written in a rather simple English and is thus suitable for beginners.
This book is written in a very simple English and is therefore the best for new learners.
This book is written in easy English for beginners to understand.
This book is written in easy English.
This book is written in easy French.
This book is written in multiple languages.
This book is written in simple English, so it should be easy for you to read.
This book is written in simple English, so it's easy to read.
This book is written in simple English.
This book is written in such easy English as beginners can understand.
This book is written in such easy English that even beginners can understand it.
This book is written in very simple English and so is best for new learners.
This book is yours.
This book isn't about linguistics.
This book isn't accessible to everyone.
This book isn't as easy as that one.
This book isn't as heavy as that book.
This book isn't as heavy as that one.
This book isn't as interesting as that book.
This book isn't as interesting as the one I read last week.
This book isn't as large as that one.
This book isn't bad.
This book isn't dedicated to anyone.
This book isn't difficult.
This book isn't for sale.
This book isn't interesting at all.
This book isn't interesting.
This book isn't just interesting, but also useful.
This book isn't just interesting, it's also useful.
This book isn't mine.
This book isn't mine. It's my brother's.
This book isn't only interesting, it's also useful.
This book isn't too bad.
This book isn't very good.
This book isn't very interesting.
This book isn't worth reading.
This book isn't written in French.
This book isn't yours, but mine.
This book isn't yours, it's mine.
This book isn't yours. It's mine.
This book isn't yours; it's mine.
This book isn’t as heavy as that book.
This book isn’t as interesting as that book.
This book isn’t interesting at all.
This book isn’t mine.
This book isn’t worth reading.
This book left a lasting impression on her.
This book looks interesting.
This book made me rich.
This book made quite an impression on me as a young man.
This book made quite an impression on me.
This book makes pleasant reading.
This book may be of use to you.
This book may well be useful to you.
This book might be too difficult for you.
This book needs to be returned to its rightful owner.
This book never should have been written.
This book of his isn't interesting at all.
This book of his isn’t interesting at all.
This book only goes down to World War II.
This book only goes up to the Second World War.
This book ought to be a good seller.
This book presents to you 10 original ways to retain your sanity.
This book probably won't be all that useful.
This book probably won’t be all that useful.
This book profoundly impressed me.
This book really blew my mind.
This book really helped Fadil learn Arabic faster.
This book really helped Sami learn Arabic faster.
This book really helped me learn French.
This book really helped me to learn Berber.
This book reflects the worldview of the author.
This book relates the stars.
This book restored my faith in humanity.
This book revolutionized the field.
This book runs the gamut of emotions.
This book says that elephants live to be over 100 years old.
This book says the earliest man-made bridges date back to the New Stone Age.
This book seemed hard to read to me.
This book seemed interesting.
This book seems easy to me.
This book seems easy to us.
This book seems interesting.
This book seems more interesting than that one.
This book seems to be missing several pages.
This book seems very important to me.
This book seems very interesting.
This book sees the protagonist conquer insurmountable odds and save the day.
This book sells very well, ie it is sold to many people.
This book sells very well.
This book sells well in Japan.
This book sells well.
This book should be read with diligence.
This book should help you a lot.
This book sold well in Japan.
This book stands high in my opinion.
This book still doesn't have a French edition.
This book still hasn't been translated into French.
This book still isn't up in French.
This book talks about Chinese history.
This book talks about the history of poker.
This book tells that life is hopeful.
This book that I've read twice was a present from Peter.
This book transformed the field of political science.
This book was a disappointment.
This book was a great bargain.
This book was accused of having a bad influence on youth.
This book was authored by an Algerian historian.
This book was easy for me to read.
This book was easy.
This book was first published in 1877.
This book was first published in Australia.
This book was first published in the previous year.
This book was given to me by Tom.
This book was in his car yesterday.
This book was mine, but it's not any more.
This book was more interesting than that one.
This book was more interesting that I had expected.
This book was much more interesting than that one.
This book was new.
This book was not a goal, it was a direction.
This book was originally written in French.
This book was printed in Australia.
This book was printed in England.
This book was printed in English.
This book was published in 1689.
This book was published quite recently.
This book was selected by the National School Library Association.
This book was so good I read it three times.
This book was so good that I read it three times.
This book was translated by Tom.
This book was translated from French by Tom Jackson.
This book was translated from French.
This book was very interesting.
This book was very useful to me.
This book was written by Algerian writer Mouloud Feraoun.
This book was written by Haley.
This book was written by Tom.
This book was written by many people.
This book was written by three people.
This book was written by two people.
This book was written by two sisters.
This book was written for children.
This book was written tongue in cheek.
This book wasn't as good as I thought it was going to be.
This book wasn't as good as I thought it would be.
This book weighs a kilogram.
This book will awaken your imagination.
This book will be helpful to your study.
This book will be of great use to us.
This book will be of great use to you.
This book will be printed next year.
This book will be turned into a film one day.
This book will be useful to anyone hoping to improve their memory and logical thinking.
This book will be useful to anyone who wants to improve their memory and logical thinking.
This book will be very useful to us.
This book will change your life.
This book will definitely help you to learn Berber.
This book will do more harm than good.
This book will do you more harm than good.
This book will do.
This book will give you a clear idea of the American way of life.
This book will give you great pleasure.
This book will help you begin that process.
This book will help you expand your Berber vocabulary.
This book will help you learn to write effectively.
This book will help you write effectively.
This book will never be published again.
This book will take your Berber to the next level.
This book will transform your life.
This book won't fit in my bag.
This book's a good primer on the subject, but it doesn't go into much depth.
This book's main topic is the American revolution.
This book's new.
This book's over a hundred years old.
This book's success lies in its humor.
This book, which I've read twice, was a gift from Peter.
This book, which I've read two times, was a present from Peter.
This book, which I’ve read twice, was a gift from Peter.
This book, which was once a best seller, is now out of print.
This book, written in simple English, is suitable for beginners.
This bookcase is easy to assemble.
This booklet is free of charge.
This bookstore deals exclusively in old and rare books.
This bookstore stopped selling JUMP.
This book’s new.
This boorish Boer is a bore.
This boot is crap because it's from China.
This border divides Algeria from Morocco.
This boss has three stages, so conserve your health.
This botanical garden has an amazing bonsai collection.
This botanist specializes in carnivorous plants.
This bothers me a bit.
This bothers me.
This bottle can hold two litres of warm water.
This bottle has a capacity of one litre.
This bottle holds a fifth of a gallon.
This bottle holds a litre.
This bottle holds one liter.
This bottle holds one litre.
This bottle is able to contain two liters of hot water.
This bottle is empty.
This bottle of juice isn't well filled.
This bottle of trucker piss in the ditch is sus.
This bottle of wine costs three euros.
This bottle of wine costs €3.
This bottle of wine tastes a lot better than that one.
This bottle of wine was a lot cheaper than that one.
This bottle of yogurt does not contain lactose.
This bottle of yogurt is lactose-free.
This bottle's cap won't close.
This bottled water comes from an iceberg.
This boulevard is very pretty.
This bouquet is going to look real nice up there.
This bouquet is gonna look real nice up there.
This bow has a strong draw.
This bowl is too small.
This bowl of soup will be enough.
This bowling ball is too heavy for me.
This box can be opened, since it isn't locked.
This box contains apples.
This box contains assorted chocolates.
This box contains five apples.
This box is a different colour to that one.
This box is a little too small.
This box is a trifle too heavy.
This box is about three times as large as that one.
This box is almost empty.
This box is bigger than that one.
This box is empty.
This box is empty. It has nothing in it.
This box is filled with apples.
This box is from Jobe.
This box is full of apples.
This box is full of books.
This box is green on the outside and red on the inside.
This box is heavier than I thought, it was difficult to lift with one hand.
This box is heavy.
This box is huge.
This box is light enough for him to carry.
This box is light enough to carry.
This box is light.
This box is made of cardboard.
This box is made of metal.
This box is made of paper.
This box is made of tin.
This box is not as big as that one.
This box is not so heavy.
This box is quite heavy!
This box is quite heavy.
This box is so large that it cannot go into my bag.
This box is square, not rectangular.
This box is still empty.
This box is three times as big as that one.
This box is too big for me to carry.
This box is too big to fit in my bag.
This box is too bulky to carry.
This box is too heavy for me alone to lift.
This box is too heavy for me to carry.
This box is too heavy for me to lift.
This box is too heavy for me.
This box is too large to fit in my suitcase.
This box is too small to fit everything.
This box is too small to put all of this in it.
This box is too small.
This box is twice as large as that one.
This box is very heavy, so I can't carry it.
This box is very heavy.
This box isn't as big as that one.
This box isn't big enough for all this stuff.
This box isn't big enough.
This box isn't heavy.
This box isn't large enough for all of these things.
This box isn't large enough.
This box isn't so heavy.
This box isn't strong enough.
This box isn't very heavy.
This box must be large enough for all these books.
This box of cereal has expired.
This box of cereal was made during the Vietnam war. No wonder it tastes horrible.
This box of sweets costs 8 reals and contains 15 sweets.
This box was made by Tom.
This box was made by Tony.
This box weighs a ton.
This box weighs a ton. What's inside?
This box weighs a ton. What’s inside?
This box weighs three kilograms.
This box will do for something.
This box will serve as a chair.
This box will serve as a table.
This box won't fit in my suitcase.
This boxer weighs over 200 kilograms.
This boy and this girl are very clean.
This boy denied having broken the window.
This boy doesn't believe in ghosts.
This boy eats bread.
This boy gives us a lot of trouble.
This boy has Tourette.
This boy has a level of intelligence higher than the average.
This boy has a strong and healthy body.
This boy has been up all night.
This boy has changed you completely.
This boy has gone crazy.
This boy has no parents.
This boy is a genius at controlling RC vehicles!
This boy is a wolf in sheep's clothing.
This boy is dirty.
This boy is doing well.
This boy is fluent in the Kabyle language.
This boy is from Columbia.
This boy is his brother.
This boy is his son.
This boy is ill, poor thing.
This boy is in fine shape.
This boy is kind.
This boy is lazy.
This boy is my blood.
This boy is my brother.
This boy is my flesh.
This boy is my grandson's son and my son's grandson. He is, therefore, my great-grandson.
This boy is my own flesh and blood.
This boy is my son.
This boy is naughty.
This boy is polite.
This boy is riding a horse for the first time.
This boy is running.
This boy is under your protection.
This boy is very good at using the knife and fork.
This boy is very lazy.
This boy never lies.
This boy often breaks our window with his ball.
This boy sleeps a lot.
This boy slept for eight hours.
This boy surpasses the rest of the class.
This boy tried to purloin my wallet on the streetcar.
This boy's intelligence is above average.
This boy’s got my head tied in knots with all his games.
This boy’s intelligence is above average.
This bra feels really nice.
This bra has shoulder straps.
This bra is strapless.
This bra is the perfect size.
This bracelet is a precious heirloom.
This bracelet is more expensive than that one.
This bracelet is very inexpensive.
This bracelet was the last thing my father gave me before he died.
This brain damage could be responsible for Sami's uncontrollable anger.
This branch employs 20 associates.
This branch of industry is not yet automated.
This brand of mouthwash tastes funny.
This brand of mouthwash tastes weird.
This brandy is 30 years old.
This brandy is excellent.
This brandy is good.
This brandy is no good.
This brandy isn't any good.
This brat is quite rude. He thumbed his nose at me.
This bread comes from Egypt.
This bread contains ancient grains, such as flaxseed, millet, kamut, amaranth, quinoa, red fife and Khorasan wheat.
This bread contains too much gluten for me.
This bread is a bit stale.
This bread is at least three weeks old.
This bread is baked in a traditional style.
This bread is delicious.
This bread is fresh from the oven.
This bread is fresh.
This bread is freshly baked.
This bread is gluten-free.
This bread is hard as a rock.
This bread is hard.
This bread is just out of the oven.
This bread is made from sprouted grains.
This bread is made of a mixture of grains.
This bread is moldy.
This bread is really delicious. Where did you buy it?
This bread is really good. Where did you buy it?
This bread is too expensive.
This bread is very delicious.
This bread is very good.
This bread isn't expired?
This bread isn't very good.
This bread looks delicious.
This bread smells really good.
This bread smells very good.
This bread tastes like cardboard.
This bread was baked this morning.
This breaker controls the light switches.
This breaks my heart.
This breaks one's spirit.
This breathed a new life into Sami's marriage.
This breed of dog grooms itself like a cat.
This breeze comes from the sea.
This bride is covering her face with a veil.
This bridge bears only ten tons.
This bridge became famous among young people.
This bridge can bear only ten tonnes.
This bridge can't support more than ten tons at once.
This bridge cost a lot of money.
This bridge crosses over the El Harrach River.
This bridge has a weight-bearing capacity of just ten tonnes.
This bridge has become a meeting place for young people.
This bridge has become our national icon.
This bridge has been undergoing renovations for three years.
This bridge is a choke point for traffic.
This bridge is a famous tourist attraction.
This bridge is about to fall down.
This bridge is built of stone.
This bridge is concrete.
This bridge is in New York.
This bridge is made of concrete.
This bridge is made of iron.
This bridge is made of stone.
This bridge is made of wood.
This bridge is made out of stone.
This bridge is one and half times as long as that.
This bridge is perfectly safe.
This bridge is the longest bridge.
This bridge is three times as long as that bridge.
This bridge is three times longer than that bridge.
This bridge is three times longer than that one.
This bridge is twice the length of that one back there.
This bridge is twice the length of that one.
This bridge is two times the length of that bridge.
This bridge is unsafe.
This bridge isn't big.
This bridge isn't safe.
This bridge looks secure.
This bridge looks steady.
This bridge used to be a toll bridge.
This bridge was built by slaves.
This bridge was built in 2013.
This bridge was built thirty years ago.
This bridge was built two years ago.
This bridge was originally a toll bridge.
This bridge was the bridge of peace.
This bridge will eliminate an hour delay for thousands of commuters.
This bridge will not endure long.
This bridge will probably collapse by then.
This bridge won't hold the weight of our car.
This bridge won't last long.
This briefcase is big and heavy.
This briefcase was expensive.
This brings a tear to my eye.
This brings back a lot of memories.
This brings back memories.
This brings back so many memories.
This brings me back to my youth.
This brings me back. I used to use this when I was in middle school.
This brings us to our subject.
This broadcast was scheduled for a very late hour.
This brochure has about thirty pages.
This broken vase can't be repaired.
This broken vase cannot be repaired.
This broken vase can’t be repaired.
This broken vase is irreparable.
This broken vase is my grandpa's.
This bronze statue is coated with patina.
This brooch goes well with your sweater.
This brought flashbacks from that day.
This browser is fast and easy to use.
This brush is made from camel hair.
This bucket has a bullet hole in it.
This bucket has a hole in it.
This bucket leaks.
This bucket's got a hole in it.
This bud of love, by summer’s ripening breath, may prove a beauteous flower when next we meet.
This budget meeting turned into a tug-of-war.
This bug is black.
This building also is a bank.
This building belongs to my family.
This building belongs to us.
This building changed hands several times.
This building could collapse at any minute.
This building dates from the communist era.
This building doesn't have an elevator.
This building has 5 floors and 20 apartments.
This building has a fire escape.
This building has a green roof.
This building has a lightning rod.
This building has a low ecological footprint.
This building has been condemned.
This building has five elevators.
This building has five lifts.
This building has only one restroom.
This building has seven floors.
This building has several empty apartments.
This building has sprinklers.
This building has three elevators.
This building has three floors.
This building has various floors.
This building is Algeria's presidency of the republic.
This building is LEED Platinum certified.
This building is a bank.
This building is a capsule hotel lodging men and women.
This building is about three hundred years old.
This building is about to collapse.
This building is an irreproachable piece of architecture.
This building is ancient.
This building is blue.
This building is extremely innovative.
This building is extremely large.
This building is going to be demolished.
This building is huge.
This building is listed.
This building is located in Algiers, the capital of Algeria.
This building is made of stone.
This building is more than thirty years old.
This building is named "Tilelli," Berber for freedom.
This building is near completion.
This building is new, that one old.
This building is new.
This building is not a brothel.
This building is not a church.
This building is not a cinema.
This building is not a court.
This building is not a courthouse.
This building is not a factory.
This building is not a garage.
This building is not a high school.
This building is not a hostel.
This building is not a house.
This building is not a jail.
This building is not a lab.
This building is not a laboratory.
This building is not a mall.
This building is not a mosque.
This building is not a movie theater.
This building is not a museum.
This building is not a police station.
This building is not a post office.
This building is not a prison.
This building is not a research center.
This building is not a research facility.
This building is not a restaurant.
This building is not a school.
This building is not a shopping mall.
This building is not a slaughterhouse.
This building is not a studio.
This building is not a synagogue.
This building is not a temple.
This building is not a theatre.
This building is not an art gallery.
This building is not an inn.
This building is not for sale.
This building is not structurally sound.
This building is off limits now.
This building is old.
This building is on the verge of collapsing.
This building is one of the many glories of Venice.
This building is owned by a company based in Algeria.
This building is still under construction.
This building is the architect's crowning achievement.
This building is the architect’s crowning achievement.
This building is the glory of Algiers.
This building is to be renovated soon.
This building is unsafe.
This building is very large.
This building is very narrow.
This building is very old.
This building isn't a post office.
This building looks large from the front, but not from the side.
This building looks very futuristic.
This building looks very modern.
This building needs a massive face-lift.
This building once housed a hospital.
This building resembles a mosque.
This building should be kept as a national heritage.
This building used to be a bank.
This building used to be a hospital.
This building used to be a movie theater.
This building was built around 1,250 years ago.
This building was built in 2013.
This building was built on reclaimed land.
This building was built thirty years ago.
This building was converted into a mosque.
This building was designed in accordance with the most rigorous environmental standards.
This building was designed to comply with the most rigorous environmental standards.
This building was destroyed during World War II and rebuilt after the war.
This building was formerly a hotel.
This building was laid out by a famous architect.
This building was named after him.
This building was named in his honor.
This building was once a hospital.
This building was put up in six months.
This building will be built in the city.
This building will be closed until further notice.
This building will be demolished next month.
This bull giraffe is experienced in battle.
This bull giraffe is fourteen years old.
This bull will be sacrificed tomorrow evening.
This bulldog is happy. The other one isn't.
This bullet has your name on it.
This bullseye in my windshield is a monster.
This bullseye in my windshield is huge.
This bullying is backfiring.
This bunch of extremist sociopaths genuinely think that everyone is afraid of them.
This bunch of sick sociopaths would never be able to outcompete me.
This bunch of sociopaths are the most vile people on earth.
This burden is becoming too great.
This burden should be shared fairly.
This burn isn’t staying.
This burn was caused by boiling water.
This bus can carry 30 people.
This bus can carry fifty passengers.
This bus can hold fifty people.
This bus can transport fifty passengers.
This bus connects the two large cities.
This bus doesn't stop here.
This bus driver looks like Obama.
This bus drives slower than the other.
This bus goes to Tokyo.
This bus goes to the Matsuyama station, right?
This bus goes to the city.
This bus goes to the stadium.
This bus is capable of carrying 45 persons.
This bus is going in a different direction.
This bus is going to Boston.
This bus is going to Minsk.
This bus is made in Algeria.
This bus is the one we've been waiting for.
This bus line goes out of the city.
This bus only goes as far as Park Street, and then you have to change buses.
This bus runs from the city center to the train station.
This bus stops at all railway crossings.
This bus stops in front of my house.
This bus takes you to the stadium.
This bus will take you around the city.
This bus will take you downtown.
This bus will take you to the airport.
This bus will take you to the museum.
This bus will take you to the station.
This bus will take you to the town.
This bus will take you to the village.
This business drained my bank account.
This business establishment is run by an Algerian company.
This business is not complying with environmental regulations.
This business is not complying with regulations.
This business is partially owned by a company based in Algeria.
This business is unlikely to be impacted by the economic crisis.
This business is well located.
This business plan of yours seems almost too optimistic. All I can say is I hope it's more than just wishful thinking.
This business plan of yours seems almost too optimistic. All I can say is I hope it’s more than just wishful thinking.
This butcher has the best meat.
This butter is domestic, but it is in no way inferior to foreign butter.
This butter knife has a serrated edge.
This button contains a camera and microphone.
This button has come off.
This button is loose.
This button isn't appropriate for that coat.
This button turns off your phone.
This buzzing has to be for a reason!
This buzzing has to be for a reason! A tree cannot buzz by itself, so that means something is buzzing here. And why would you buzz unless you're a bee? I guess so. Why do bees exist, then? To make honey, I guess. And why does honey exist? For me to eat it — that's what I think!
This cabin is built from logs.
This cabinet is very old.
This cable has a tremendous strength.
This cable is live.
This cactus looks soft and fuzzy, but you shouldn't touch it because its spines are very sharp and will get stuck in your hand.
This cafe is cosy.
This café has a nice and chill atmosphere. It's just perfect for doing work.
This café is cosy.
This cage doesn't need to be modified.
This cage is made of wire.
This cake contains flour, milk, eggs and sugar.
This cake doesn't really live up to its reputation.
This cake doesn’t really live up to its reputation.
This cake has a cheesy taste.
This cake is delectable.
This cake is delicious!
This cake is delicious! Where did you buy it?
This cake is delicious.
This cake is delicious. Please have some.
This cake is for Tom.
This cake is good!
This cake is good.
This cake is made of the finest ingredients.
This cake is quite sweet.
This cake is really delicious, isn't it?
This cake is really delicious.
This cake is sugary.
This cake is sweet.
This cake is very delicious.
This cake is very good.
This cake is very sweet.
This cake isn't half bad.
This cake isn't that good.
This cake smells delicious.
This cake tastes delicious.
This cake tastes like it has cheese in it.
This cake tastes too sweet for me.
This cake tastes too sweet.
This calculation is incorrect.
This call came from the Algerian city of Bejaia.
This call is free of charge.
This call is free.
This call may be monitored for quality control purposes.
This call may be recorded for quality assurance.
This call may be recorded.
This call maybe monitored or recorded for quality assurance or training purpose. How may I help you?
This calls for a celebration.
This calls for another glass of wine!
This calls for drastic measures.
This came as a complete surprise to Mary.
This came as a complete surprise to Tom.
This came as a complete surprise to me.
This came as a complete surprise.
This came as a shock to Boldi.
This came as a surprise.
This came as a total shock.
This came for you in the mail.
This came for you in the post.
This came for you this morning.
This came for you.
This came from Tom.
This came in the mail for Ziri.
This came in the mail for you.
This came in the mail. It's for Ziri.
This came in the post for you.
This came like a bolt from the blue.
This camel is ridden by Yanni.
This camel is so tame that anyone can ride it.
This camera belongs to me.
This camera can take a digital recording for you.
This camera can take pictures very quickly.
This camera is Tom's favorite.
This camera is Tom's, isn't it?
This camera is Tom's.
This camera is Tom’s favorite.
This camera is Tom’s, isn’t it?
This camera is Tom’s.
This camera is cheap.
This camera is dutiable.
This camera is less expensive than that one.
This camera is not loaded with film.
This camera is small, but very good.
This camera is smallest.
This camera is the one that Tom bought last Thursday.
This camera is very expensive.
This camera isn't loaded with film.
This camera looks just like the one that Tom bought last Monday.
This camera still contains some footage.
This camera was expensive.
This camera was given me by my uncle.
This camera was made in Germany.
This camera's focus doesn't work properly.
This camera's focus isn't working properly.
This campaign cannot forestall new Zika virus outbreaks.
This campfire won't last long if we don't get some firewood for it.
This campground is closed.
This campus is beautiful.
This campus was named after Mouloud Mammeri's legacy.
This can affect children for the rest of their lives.
This can also be found in Algiers.
This can also cause lung cancer.
This can be a daunting task.
This can be a little complicated.
This can be a real chore.
This can be a real diamond.
This can be a spinous question.
This can be accomplished through either a written or verbal contract.
This can be discussed for a long time.
This can be done better.
This can be done.
This can be easily proven.
This can be explained.
This can be extremely damaging.
This can be fixed.
This can be found in any dictionary.
This can be illustrated with the help of a few examples.
This can be sewn on or glued on.
This can be summoned anywhere.
This can cause a lot of trouble.
This can cause kidney failure.
This can cause liver damage.
This can even impact the quality of your sleep.
This can get tedious.
This can go.
This can happen in any country.
This can happen once.
This can have disastrous results for your career.
This can have harmful effects on Ziri's psychological health.
This can have unpredictable consequences.
This can help a lot, too.
This can help you a lot.
This can hold about 4 gallons.
This can holds about 4 gallons.
This can hurt your bank account.
This can hurt your well-being.
This can indicate a serious infection.
This can is empty.
This can is leaking.
This can lead to a catastrophic failure.
This can lead to jealousy.
This can lead to unpleasant consequences.
This can literally change your life forever.
This can never happen.
This can no longer be used.
This can not be described with words.
This can of beans is expired.
This can only cause trouble.
This can only disconcert me.
This can only end in tears.
This can produce massive results in your life.
This can resist any criticism.
This can ruin Ziri's reputation.
This can't actually happen in Algeria.
This can't be a coincidence.
This can't be a real diamond.
This can't be allowed to continue.
This can't be allowed.
This can't be avoided.
This can't be done by individual effort.
This can't be easy for you.
This can't be eaten.
This can't be emphasized enough.
This can't be expressed in words.
This can't be fixed.
This can't be forgiven.
This can't be forgotten.
This can't be good.
This can't be happening.
This can't be my check.
This can't be real.
This can't be repaired.
This can't be resold.
This can't be right.
This can't be seen through an ordinary microscope.
This can't be the only option open to us.
This can't be the truth.
This can't be the way to do it.
This can't be true.
This can't be used anymore.
This can't be washed.
This can't be what I think it is.
This can't be what it looks like.
This can't be what you want.
This can't be!
This can't continue happening.
This can't end well.
This can't go on forever.
This can't go on.
This can't happen again.
This can't have been an accident.
This can't keep happening.
This can't last forever.
This can't possibly be happening.
This can't possibly go wrong.
This can't really be happening, can it?
This can't wait until morning.
This can't wait until tomorrow.
This can't wait.
This can't work.
This canal carries water to a factory.
This cancer could return.
This cancer is incurable.
This candidate benefits from telemetric looks.
This candidate is significantly better compared to his predecessor.
This candidate used to be left-wing firebrand.
This candle is not white.
This candle isn't white.
This candle you see here is the last one I have.
This candlestick is very heavy.
This candy cane tastes like green apple.
This candy costs eight cents.
This candy costs eighty cents.
This candy is delicious.
This candy is sweet.
This candy is too big.
This cannot be called life.
This cannot be done by only a single person.
This cannot be got across with words.
This cannot be ignored any longer.
This cannot be real.
This cannot but affect the quality.
This cannot continue.
This cannot help Peter anymore.
This canoe is not safe.
This canoe isn't safe.
This canoe seems very unstable.
This can’t be a real diamond.
This can’t be done by individual effort.
This can’t be true.
This can’t be!
This cap belongs to Tom.
This cap belongs to her.
This cap belongs to him.
This cap belongs to me.
This cap belongs to them.
This cap belongs to you, doesn't it?
This cap is too small for me.
This cap is too small. Please show me another.
This car accommodates five people.
This car belongs to Tom.
This car belongs to her.
This car belongs to him.
This car belongs to me.
This car belongs to them.
This car belongs to us.
This car belongs to you, doesn't it?
This car belongs to you.
This car brakes automatically to avoid collisions.
This car came fully loaded.
This car came to a stop in front of the bank.
This car can be driven with one hand.
This car can be rented for RM150 per day.
This car can carry a load of 4 tons.
This car can deactivate half of its engine's cylinders.
This car can do 90 miles an hour.
This car can drive just as well as that one there.
This car can drive on par with that one there.
This car can go 300 kilometers per hour.
This car can go thirteen kilometers for every liter of gasoline.
This car comes with an air conditioner.
This car comes with free satellite radio.
This car consumes a lot of fuel.
This car cost me a fortune.
This car cost me a lot of money.
This car could be yours.
This car dealership has very thin profit margins.
This car didn't run when I got it.
This car doesn't belong to me.
This car doesn't drive as well as it used to anymore.
This car fits five.
This car gets bad gas mileage.
This car gets good gas mileage.
This car handles curves well.
This car handles very easily.
This car handles well.
This car has a better performance than that one.
This car has a cigarette lighter.
This car has a diesel engine.
This car has a good warranty.
This car has a huge engine.
This car has an alarm.
This car has been used for the past ten years.
This car has disk brakes.
This car has drum brakes.
This car has enough power to go up the mountain easily.
This car has good gas mileage.
This car has heated seats.
This car has more than a hundred horsepower.
This car has no air conditioning.
This car has power windows.
This car has the boot under the bonnet. The engine is in the back.
This car has three rows of seats and can fit eight passengers.
This car is Tom's.
This car is a clunker.
This car is a pile of rubbish.
This car is a veritable rustbucket.
This car is also made in Algeria.
This car is always breaking down lately.
This car is an automatic.
This car is an electric car.
This car is an old banger.
This car is as American as baseball.
This car is as big as that car.
This car is as big as that one.
This car is as expensive as that one.
This car is as good as new.
This car is as old as my elder son.
This car is assembled in Algeria.
This car is available with hybrid electric technology.
This car is beautiful.
This car is better as compared with that one.
This car is bigger than that one.
This car is black.
This car is brand-new.
This car is broken down.
This car is built to serve such purposes.
This car is controlled by a computer.
This car is easy to drive.
This car is easy to handle.
This car is equipped with airbags.
This car is fast.
This car is fit for the scrapheap.
This car is for sale.
This car is fully equipped with an ignition interlock device.
This car is fully loaded.
This car is fun to drive.
This car is going 60 kilometers an hour.
This car is going 60km an hour.
This car is going to break down.
This car is good.
This car is gross!
This car is his.
This car is imported from Germany.
This car is in bad repair.
This car is in bad shape.
This car is in good condition.
This car is insanely expensive.
This car is kind of flashy.
This car is less fuel-hungry and more environmentally friendly.
This car is like a flat on wheels.
This car is like new.
This car is made in Algeria.
This car is made in Japan.
This car is manufactured in Algeria. It's tough and it can go anywhere.
This car is mine.
This car is more reliable than a Lada.
This car is more reliable than my old car.
This car is my father's, but in a little while it will be mine.
This car is my father's, but it'll soon be mine.
This car is my father's, but soon it will be mine.
This car is my father's.
This car is my father’s.
This car is no beast, but it's serviceable.
This car is no better than junk.
This car is not at my disposal.
This car is not for sale.
This car is not mine.
This car is not so nice as that one.
This car is older than I am.
This car is older than Tom is.
This car is older than Tom.
This car is ours.
This car is out of date.
This car is owned by me.
This car is prettier than yours.
This car is pretty expensive.
This car is probably expensive.
This car is provided with an alcohol lock.
This car is quite safe.
This car is really powerful.
This car is really slow.
This car is registered in Algiers.
This car is registered to Tom Jackson.
This car is reported as stolen.
This car is resistant to rust.
This car is running less smoothly than it used to.
This car is small.
This car is so amazing.
This car is spacious and comfortable.
This car is spacious and practical.
This car is superior to that.
This car is the latest model.
This car is the same kind of car my father has.
This car is too expensive for me to buy.
This car is too expensive!
This car is too expensive.
This car is unregistered.
This car is used by my father.
This car is very economical on gas.
This car is very economical on petrol.
This car is very expensive.
This car is very expensive; in fact, it is the most expensive car I have ever seen.
This car is very fast.
This car is worthless.
This car is your friend's?
This car isn't Tom's. It's mine.
This car isn't cheap. It is expensive.
This car isn't for sale.
This car isn't mine.
This car isn't mine. It's Tom's.
This car isn't old. It's new.
This car isn't worth anything.
This car isn't worth repairing.
This car isn’t worth repairing.
This car kills fascists.
This car looks angry.
This car looks happy.
This car looks like mine.
This car looks pretty cool.
This car must be expensive.
This car must go.
This car must have had tough usage.
This car must've had tough usage.
This car needs new tires.
This car needs new tyres.
This car needs repairing.
This car needs to be detailed again. It doesn't smell too good.
This car needs to be washed.
This car needs washed.
This car needs washing.
This car of yours is a real gas guzzler.
This car once had a foreign licence.
This car performs better than that one.
This car prototype is dangerously unreliable.
This car pulled up in front of the bank.
This car runs great.
This car runs on alcohol.
This car runs on electricity.
This car runs on natural gas.
This car salesman is not honest.
This car seat collects farts and returns the favor the next morning.
This car seat has a sort of "fart memory."
This car sells well.
This car stopped in front of the bank.
This car used to be Tom's.
This car used to be owned by Tom.
This car used to belong to Tom.
This car uses a futuristic engine.
This car uses a lot of petrol.
This car uses more gas than these other two cars.
This car uses the most gas.
This car was bought last year from someone; it had cost a fortune.
This car was cheap enough for him to buy.
This car was made in Algeria.
This car was made in Germany.
This car was made in Japan.
This car was once the vehicle of choice for bank robbers.
This car was ours. Now it is theirs.
This car was selected the "car of the year".
This car was so cheap that he could afford it.
This car was so cheap that he could buy it.
This car was used as part of their crime spree.
This car was very inexpensive, a true bargain.
This car wax gives permanent protection against heavy rain.
This car will never make it to Boston.
This car will soon have to go for scrap.
This car won't last much longer.
This car won't start.
This car won’t start.
This car's mine.
This car's tires don't have enough air.
This car, whose is it?
This carafe is empty.
This carbon fiber bicycle is incredibly lightweight.
This carbon-fibre bicycle is incredibly light.
This carbon-fibre bike is incredibly light.
This card came from my cousin.
This card game is super easy yet really fun.
This card is not for you.
This carpet does not match the curtain.
This carpet feels nice underfoot.
This carpet feels nice.
This carpet is beautiful.
This carpet is big enough to cover the whole floor.
This carpet is designed for residential use.
This carpet is full of lice.
This carpet is more valuable than that one.
This carpet is one of the most beautiful.
This carpet is superior to that one in quality.
This carpet is too long.
This carpet is very long.
This carpet was a real bargain.
This carriageway is broken up into three lanes.
This cartilage is very chewy.
This cartographer is famous for the precision in her maps.
This cartographer is famous for the precision in his maps.
This cartoon is funny.
This cartoon is only airing in Korea.
This carving knife ... it's one made by a famous swordsmith.
This carving knife ... it’s one made by a famous swordsmith.
This car’s tires don’t have enough air.
This case also applies to other cases.
This case became a national sensation.
This case concerns you.
This case has an affinity with that one.
This case is closed.
This case is complex.
This case is important.
This case is outside my jurisdiction.
This case is solved.
This case is under my personal control.
This case is well-documented.
This case might not be resolved in a hurry.
This case might not get resolved for a while.
This case of yours, Mr. Phelps, is certainly one of the darkest which I have ever investigated.
This case raises the question whether admiralty jurisdiction extends to claims arising from agency contracts.
This case requires watching, by the way.
This case was classified as a homicide.
This cash machine lets you not only withdraw money, but also deposit it.
This casino is losing money.
This casket is too heavy.
This cassava is hard to peel.
This cast a heavy shadow on judicial impartiality.
This castle also has a ghost.
This castle is beautiful.
This castle is full of secret passageways.
This castle is made out of stone.
This castle is made out of wood.
This castle is more beautiful than that.
This castle is nice.
This castle is over a thousand years old.
This castle is said to be haunted.
This castle is very nice.
This castle is very old.
This castle needs a moat.
This castle overlooks the city.
This castle tower commands a panoramic view of the whole city.
This castle was built in 1610.
This castle was built in ancient times.
This castle was made into a museum.
This castle was mainly built in the middle ages.
This cat adopted us.
This cat belongs to Tom.
This cat doesn't chase mice.
This cat doesn't chase rats.
This cat doesn’t chase rats.
This cat here is almost as fat as that one.
This cat is Adolf Hitler's secret son.
This cat is Tom's.
This cat is a copycat.
This cat is adorable.
This cat is as big as that one.
This cat is big.
This cat is black. Is the dog, too?
This cat is brown-colored.
This cat is brown.
This cat is eating.
This cat is gay.
This cat is gray.
This cat is not black.
This cat is not for sale.
This cat is not ours.
This cat is pregnant.
This cat is the bane of my life.
This cat is unlucky.
This cat is very fat.
This cat is wet.
This cat is white.
This cat is, so to speak, a member of our family.
This cat isn't ours.
This cat kills fascists.
This cat knocked over the can of canned fish so that it could eat it.
This cat looks like a dog.
This cat makes me want to puke.
This catalogue is obsolete.
This category of workers is especially vulnerable to accidents at the workplace.
This caterpillar will become a beautiful butterfly.
This caterpillar will turn into a beautiful butterfly.
This cathedral has a large organ.
This cathedral has a vaulted ceiling.
This cathedral was built more than four centuries ago.
This catterpillar will turn into a beautiful butterfly.
This caught us by surprise.
This cause a lot of issues for Ziri.
This caused a huge speculative bubble in Algeria.
This caused an economic slowdown in Algeria.
This caused an explosion.
This caused him to reflect.
This caused me a lot of suffering.
This caused most of the local bath-houses to fall on hard times.
This caused the dinar to fall yet further.
This caused the fever to disappear.
This cave is full of bats.
This cave is in Kabylie, Algeria.
This cave is the devil's home.
This cave was discovered in 2013.
This celebration is an intrinsic part of the culture of our country.
This cell phone costs a fortune.
This cell phone is really expensive.
This cell phone is very expensive.
This cellphone is really expensive.
This cellphone really costs a lot.
This cellular phone is really expensive.
This cemented Yanni's reputation worldwide.
This cemetery currently has no description.
This cemetery even has its own site, and there is a page â€œNewsâ€ on it! Can you fancy news from the graveyard?!
This cemetery even has its own site, and there is a page “News” on it! Can you fancy news from the graveyard?!
This cemetery holds the graves of some of the Algerians who died for the liberation of the country.
This cemetery is popular with tourists because it holds the graves of hundreds of Hollywood stars.
This center in Chicago, which is on the 2019 Endangered Places list, is an excellent example of grand-scale Postmodern architecture, yet faces possible demolishment.
This cereal has a nice crunch to it.
This cereal tastes like crap.
This ceremony has been handed down from generation to generation.
This certainly didn't improve my state of mind.
This certainly isn't a job where you can take it easy.
This certainly isn’t a job where you can take it easy.
This certainly narrows down my options.
This certificate is valid until the end of 2023.
This chainsaw is cost-prohibitive.
This chair belongs in the meeting room.
This chair has good lumbar support.
This chair has to be fixed.
This chair is Tom's.
This chair is better than that one.
This chair is broken.
This chair is doing my back a mischief.
This chair is in want of repair.
This chair is light.
This chair is made from recycled materials.
This chair is made of plastic.
This chair is made of wood.
This chair is made out of recycled materials.
This chair is missing a leg.
This chair is more comfortable than that one.
This chair is not very comfortable.
This chair is old.
This chair is one of a kind.
This chair is plastic.
This chair is quite rickety when you sit on it. Should I fix it or buy a new one?
This chair is really comfortable to sit on.
This chair is really comfortable.
This chair is really comfortable. Let's keep it.
This chair is really comfortable. Let's not get rid of it.
This chair is relatively small.
This chair is soft and comfortable.
This chair is suitable for the computer.
This chair is too low for me.
This chair is too small.
This chair is ugly.
This chair is uncomfortable.
This chair is uncomfortable. I'll sit in the other one.
This chair is very comfortable, but I don't like the color.
This chair is very comfortable.
This chair is well made.
This chair is wobbly.
This chair is yours.
This chair isn't comfortable.
This chair isn't very comfortable.
This chair needs a few more touches of paint.
This chair needs to be fixed.
This chair needs to be repaired.
This chair rests on casters.
This chair was cheap, but it's comfortable.
This chair was cheap, but it's very comfortable.
This chair was designed by Philippe Starck.
This chair was made in Australia.
This chair's not very comfortable.
This chalkboard is old.
This challenge is going to be really interesting.
This challenge must be overcome.
This challenges the rules of nature and my sanity.
This chamber cancels out all sounds.
This champagne is delicious.
This change in atmospheric carbon dioxide concentration has intensified the natural greenhouse effect, driving an increase in global surface temperatures and other widespread changes in Earth’s climate that are unprecedented in the history of modern civilization.
This change in the design brings with it a twofold improvement in the performance of the device.
This change is difficult for both of us, and I sincerely regret it.
This change was critical.
This change will make your plan more interesting.
This changed a lot of things for Yanni.
This changed the rest of Yanni's life.
This changes everything.
This changes nothing.
This changes things.
This channel communicates with the sea.
This chap sings well.
This chapter is in English.
This chapter is the heart of the novel.
This chapter of the book describes the crime as seen by the criminal.
This chapter will focus on the concepts of geometry.
This chapter will focus on the riddles of the planets.
This character represents Scotland.
This character represents the will to learn.
This characteristic is passed down the maternal line.
This characterizes you great.
This chart illustrates the function of ozone layer.
This chart represents gas consumption in Algeria.
This chart represents the trade balance in Algeria.
This cheap wine goes down surprisingly well.
This cheap wine is surprisingly drinkable.
This check is made out to Tom.
This check is payable to the bearer.
This check was not honored.
This cheddar cheese is made from Welsh brown ale, horseradish, and mustard seeds.
This cheese has a sharp taste.
This cheese is delicious.
This cheese is from Italy.
This cheese is like chewing on rubber.
This cheese is like rubber.
This cheese is made from cow's milk.
This cheese is made from goat's milk.
This cheese is made from sheep's milk.
This cheese is made of horse milk.
This cheese is really delicious..
This cheese is really good.
This cheese is the best I've ever tasted.
This cheese is too expensive.
This cheese needs to be thrown out.
This cheese pairs well with sauvignon blanc.
This cheese smells bad.
This cheese stinks.
This cheesecake is pretty good.
This cheesecake is too sweet.
This cheesecake was too sweet.
This chef was trained in Algeria.
This chemical agent is used to make paper white.
This chemical eats away the fat clogging the drain.
This chemical emulsifies the clog that is in the drain.
This chemical is extremely dangerous.
This chemical is for mold and that one is for calclime.
This chemical is mainly used for killing rodents.
This chemical will prevent germs from breeding.
This cherry is dark red.
This chest contains old clothes.
This chest has old clothes in it.
This chick has only recently hatched.
This chick is kinda sketchy.
This chick is like a shrimp: I like everything about her but her head.
This chick is out all the time, she's never home.
This chicken has cholera.
This chicken is delicious.
This chicken is fried well.
This chicken is overcooked.
This chicken is raw.
This chicken is rock-hard.
This chicken is too chewy to have been cooked correctly.
This chicken is very tender.
This chicken soup is great.
This child aspires to become a lawyer in the future.
This child became a woman.
This child believes that the earth is flat.
This child can speak English.
This child cried all night.
This child did nothing but cry.
This child don't know what's coming for him.
This child don’t know what’s coming for him.
This child has a cat.
This child has been adopted.
This child has grown up normally.
This child has the flu.
This child internalizes his emotions and does not express them.
This child is a real treasure.
This child is an orphan.
This child is as gentle as a lamb today.
This child is distraught and may lose his mind.
This child is full of lice.
This child is likely lashing out because his father went out for a pack of cigarettes and never came back.
This child is my sister.
This child is naughty.
This child is skeletal.
This child is slim.
This child is stupid.
This child is teething now.
This child is well-behaved.
This child is your son.
This child jumped onto the bed.
This child looks like its father.
This child solved the complicated mathematics problem easily.
This child talks like an adult.
This child's behaviour is just terrible.
This child's mother is an announcer.
This child's very naughty.
This children's series is hypersexualized.
This children's story is easy enough for a seven-year-old child to read.
This children’s story is easy enough for a seven-year-old child to read.
This child’s mother is an announcer.
This chimney has begun to draw badly.
This chimney is made of brick.
This chocolate bar has chunks of toffee in it.
This chocolate cake isn't just great, it's sublime.
This chocolate has a bittersweet taste.
This chocolate is delicious.
This chocolate is to die for.
This chocolate is very sweet and delicious.
This chocolate is very sweet and tasty.
This chocolate tastes bittersweet.
This chocolate tastes really good.
This choice is interesting.
This choice of words is of course not accidental.
This choice wasn't too hard.
This chord progression is typical of Impressionist music.
This chord progression is typical of the Classical period.
This chord progression is typical of the Romantic period.
This chord progression sounds jazzy.
This chord progression sounds very jazzy.
This chow contains not less than 23 per cent protein and 4.5 per cent fat, and about 57 per cent carbohydrate.
This church dates from the 12th century.
This church dates from the 13th century.
This church has beautiful stained glass windows.
This church has stained glass windows.
This church is a very famous and beautiful place.
This church is huge.
This church is not a big one, as churches go.
This church is old.
This church is very big.
This church was built in the 12th century.
This church was built in the 7th century.
This church was destroyed by cannon fire.
This cider is incredible.
This cider tastes really good.
This cinema can accommodate two thousand spectators.
This cinema is very interesting.
This circle was drawn by a compass.
This circuit is live.
This city abounds in historical charm and is quite charmful.
This city can attract any kind of tourist by its rich natural cultural background.
This city developed incredibly quickly during the last third of the nineteenth century.
This city embraces fully its total scenery diversity.
This city exudes great historic charm and this city is full of historical secrets.
This city has a big TV station.
This city has a bike-sharing service.
This city has a great and has a rich historical background, this city abounds with cultural charm.
This city has a million inhabitants.
This city has a public bike share program.
This city has a stunning skyline.
This city has a very high cost of living.
This city has been increasing in population year after year.
This city has been through hurricanes, pandemics and so much more—but it always perseveres just like it will this time.
This city has many historical buildings.
This city has many wide avenues.
This city has narrow streets.
This city has spacious beaches.
This city has such an attractive cultural background.
This city hasn't seen a major earthquake in four hundred years.
This city is 1,600 meters above sea level.
This city is 1,600 metres above sea level.
This city is a nightmare for motorists.
This city is a stronghold of security.
This city is as hectic as Manhattan.
This city is bigger than mine.
This city is boring.
This city is called the Japanese Denmark.
This city is cold and lonely without you.
This city is cursed.
This city is deeply rooted in a constant rhythm of change.
This city is east of London.
This city is famous for its beautiful park.
This city is famous for its beautiful parks.
This city is full of charm and exudes so much historic charm.
This city is growing quickly.
This city is hard to live in.
This city is in France.
This city is in the USA.
This city is in the United States.
This city is located in France.
This city is located on the unceded territory of the Algonquin Anishinabe nation.
This city is made out of glass castles.
This city is made out of metal castles.
This city is made out of wooden castles.
This city is modern.
This city is no place for Christmas.
This city is not cosmopolitan at all.
This city is not for me.
This city is not so busy as it used to be.
This city is so crowded that it's running out of room.
This city is surrounded by an distinct aura of mystery.
This city is the centre of the iron and steel industry.
This city is ugly.
This city is very modern but it lacks vegetation.
This city is very polluted.
This city is very similar to Boston.
This city is west of London.
This city isn't as busy as it used to be.
This city isn't as safe as it used to be.
This city lies at the base of a mountain.
This city may be a little run-down, but the people living here are all kind, and will welcome anyone with open arms.
This city reminds me of Algiers.
This city suffers from gridlock.
This city used to be beautiful.
This city was beautiful in its time.
This city was built on reclaimed land.
This city was once a great center of Zoroastrianism.
This city wasn't built in a day.
This city will suffer from an acute water shortage unless it rains soon.
This city will surrounds you with great mystery and will picks your curiosity and will get your curiosity going.
This city's in need of a blacksmith.
This city's name is Arras.
This city's recycling rate is only 15%.
This claim is libellous!
This clasp won't fasten.
This clasp won’t fasten.
This class consists of 15 boys and 28 girls.
This class consists of forty pupils.
This class consists of thirty-five students.
This class has 35 pupils.
This class has forty pupils.
This class is already full.
This class is composed of 35 pupils.
This class is made up of thirty-five pupils.
This class is very important.
This class was amazing!
This class will be over in ten minutes.
This classroom can accommodate only thirty students.
This classroom can fit thirty people.
This classroom is cleaned.
This classroom is separated from that one by a wall.
This classroom is suitable for only thirty students.
This classroom is very large.
This clause is null and void.
This clear liquid is poisonous.
This clearly bothers Tom.
This clearly hasn't been proofread.
This climate doesn't agree with me.
This climate doesn’t agree with me.
This climate is having a bad effect on your health.
This climber has strong fingers.
This climbing vine from South America is used to a make a general anesthetic applied during open-heart surgery. Aloe, originally grown in Africa, has many applications, from a sunburn remedy to a laxative.
This clinic doesn't even have an ambulance.
This clinic is doing laser surgery.
This clinic is much bigger than the one I used to work at.
This clip runs viral in Twitter.
This clock gains one minute a day.
This clock gains two minutes a day.
This clock has an enormous pendulum.
This clock is accurate.
This clock is broken.
This clock is electric.
This clock is far more expensive than that one.
This clock is far more expensive than that.
This clock is mine.
This clock is much more expensive than that one.
This clock is out of order.
This clock is rarely rung.
This clock is right.
This clock is the same one I lost.
This clock isn't working.
This clock isn’t working.
This clock loses three minutes a day.
This clock must have belonged to Tom's father.
This clock must've belonged to Tom's father.
This clock seems to be broken.
This clock seems to be malfunctioning.
This clock strikes the quarter hour.
This clock was brought here from Algeria.
This clock's not quite right.
This closeup was taken from too close, so it's not a very flattering photograph.
This cloth absorbs water well.
This cloth adheres to the skin.
This cloth feels like velvet.
This cloth feels smooth.
This cloth feels soft.
This cloth has the special ability to be invisible to the stupid and the inept.
This cloth irons well.
This cloth is agreeable to the touch.
This cloth is good in quality for its price.
This cloth is made of cotton.
This cloth is really smooth and silky.
This cloth is smooth.
This cloth is sold by the yard.
This cloth is superior to that.
This cloth is unusually absorbent.
This cloth is very thick.
This cloth isn't very good.
This cloth sticks to your skin.
This cloth stretches a great deal when it's washed.
This cloth tears easily.
This cloth wears well.
This cloth will not last long.
This cloth will not turn color.
This cloth won't stand much washing.
This clothes bag is invaluable.
This clothing is dirty and needs to be washed.
This clothing is inappropriate.
This clothing is my coworker's, not mine.
This clothing is very smooth because it is made of silk.
This clothing of mine has gone out of fashion.
This cloud has the shape of a fish.
This cloud looks a bit like a dog.
This cloud looks a bit like a squirrel.
This cloud looks a little bit like a squirrel.
This club has fifty members.
This club has more than fifty members.
This club is fearfully dull. The dance floor is empty and the smoking patio is packed.
This club is for members only.
This club lets girls in for free and offers them free drinks.
This club lets girls in for free.
This club offers girls free drinks.
This coat belongs to whom?
This coat belongs to your sister.
This coat costs 10,000 yen.
This coat does not fit me any more.
This coat doesn't fit me.
This coat doesn't have pockets.
This coat doesn’t fit me.
This coat fits me perfectly.
This coat fits me very well.
This coat fits me well.
This coat fits you perfectly.
This coat fits you.
This coat hangs loose.
This coat hasn't got any pockets.
This coat hasn’t pockets.
This coat is a little tight across the back.
This coat is baggy on me.
This coat is bigger.
This coat is expensive, but it is worth its price.
This coat is expensive, but it's worth the price.
This coat is fur-lined.
This coat is nice, but too expensive.
This coat is out of date.
This coat is rainproof.
This coat is ridiculously expensive.
This coat is so long it reaches the ground.
This coat is ten thousand yen.
This coat is the perfect size for me.
This coat is too big for me.
This coat is too short on me.
This coat is too small for me.
This coat is too small.
This coat is too tight.
This coat is warm.
This coat is worn and looks bad. Isn't it time you got a new one?
This coat looks big on me.
This coat looks kind of punk.
This coat looks loose on me.
This coat may well fit you.
This coat might fit you.
This coat might suit you.
This coat must be altered.
This coat retails for about thirty dollars.
This coat suits him.
This coat was purchased in Moscow.
This coat will keep you warm.
This cocktail contains a sea urchin.
This cod brand is too garlicky.
This code can't be cracked.
This code is easy to crack.
This code needs to be rewritten.
This code wasn't written very well.
This coffee cake is exquisite.
This coffee comes from Eritrea.
This coffee doesn't taste good.
This coffee doesn't taste very good.
This coffee has a bitter taste.
This coffee has a burnt flavor.
This coffee has a rich aroma.
This coffee is a blend of Java and Brazil.
This coffee is bitter.
This coffee is brown.
This coffee is cold.
This coffee is delicious.
This coffee is good.
This coffee is horrible.
This coffee is hot.
This coffee is not hot enough.
This coffee is pretty good.
This coffee is quite strong.
This coffee is really good.
This coffee is really strong.
This coffee is so hot that I can't drink it.
This coffee is so hot that I can’t drink it.
This coffee is terrible.
This coffee is too bitter.
This coffee is too hot for me to drink.
This coffee is too hot to drink.
This coffee is too strong for me.
This coffee is too strong.
This coffee is too sweet; I can't drink it.
This coffee is too weak.
This coffee is undrinkable.
This coffee is very strong.
This coffee isn't fit to drink.
This coffee isn't hot enough.
This coffee machine was made in Italy.
This coffee mug has a crack in it.
This coffee really is good.
This coffee shop is cozy.
This coffee shop is frequented by aspiring artists.
This coffee table is square and that is round.
This coffee tastes better than what I usually drink.
This coffee tastes bitter.
This coffee tastes burnt.
This coffee tastes delicious.
This coffee tastes great.
This coffee tastes like dishwater.
This coffee tastes like sugared milk.
This coffee tastes really good.
This coffee's not strong enough for me. I'll pour myself another.
This coffee-house culture exists only in Vienna.
This cognac is about thirty years old, no less.
This coin is made of nickel.
This coin was forged.
This coin will bring you good luck.
This cola has gone flat and doesn't taste good.
This cola has lost its fizz and doesn't taste any good.
This cold has knocked me for a loop.
This cold weather gives me goosebumps.
This cold weather is out of the ordinary.
This cold weather isn't usual for June.
This cold weather isn’t usual for June.
This collage of images from NASA's Cassini spacecraft shows Saturn's northern hemisphere and rings as viewed with four different spectral filters.
This collar's too tight.
This collection contains our personal stories, which are not meant to be normative.
This collection of books is distinguished by their characteristic green spines.
This collection, which I commend to the notice of the Folk-Lore Society, is very curious and original, abounding as it does in extraordinarily bizarre and beautiful variants of the best-known fairy tales, a very natural result of the peculiar combination in Roumanian of such heterogeneous elements as Romance, Slavonic, Magyar, and Turkish.
This college attracts both native and non-native people from across the country — and overseas — who wish to explore their artistic abilities while learning more about the diverse range of native cultures in America.
This college has a medical center.
This college was established in 1910.
This colony was founded in 1700.
This color becomes you.
This color doesn't suit you.
This color is a bit darker than that one.
This color is a bit too dark.
This color is lovely.
This color is nice.
This color is pretty.
This color is typical for nitrogen dioxide fumes.
This color palette is rather drab.
This colour doesn't suit you.
This colour is a bit darker than that one.
This colour is known as "midnight blue".
This colour is more purple than pink.
This colour is slightly darker than that.
This colour palette is rather drab.
This colour suits you.
This colourful dress will suit you, with your slim figure, very well.
This column is stone.
This comedian does not pull any punches on stage.
This comedian isn't funny at all.
This comes after an extensive, years-long war on that word.
This comes after the President chaired a cabinet meeting Monday, described as testy, with most ministers divided on what positions to allot to the opposition, as stipulated in the power sharing deal.
This comes as a surprise.
This coming week I have five exams in two days.
This coming year, I will have been studying English for five years.
This comment was not necessary.
This commercial is only airing in Algeria.
This committee includes scientists and engineers.
This communication tool was developed by the developers in collaboration with the Kabyle Academy.
This community isn't your personal fiefdom.
This company achieved a remarkable increase in turnover last year.
This company allows its workers to work from home.
This company and I have signed a contract of three years.
This company and I have signed a three-year contract.
This company belongs to Jayjay's dad.
This company belongs to the Algerian government.
This company created fake grassroots organizations to make it look like ordinary citizens were supporting its project.
This company does nothing but make towels.
This company doesn't even have a meeting room.
This company focuses on fast moving consumer goods.
This company gives you free courses to further your professional development.
This company has a customer loyalty program.
This company has a female CEO.
This company has a fine organization.
This company has become a gutter for broken dreams.
This company has been especially successful so far.
This company has been in the cross hairs of regulators for years.
This company has been spying on its employees.
This company has branches in Algeria.
This company has filed for bankruptcy.
This company has many business dealings abroad.
This company has run its course.
This company is a victim of its own success.
This company is a wreck.
This company is as much yours as it is mine.
This company is building a factory in Australia.
This company is building a factory in China.
This company is famous for its high-quality production.
This company is indifferent to the safety of its workers.
This company is listed on the London Stock Exchange.
This company is listed on the New York Stock Exchange.
This company is listed on the Paris stock exchange.
This company is my life.
This company is under investigation by the FTC.
This company is using new technologies to reduce its environmental footprint.
This company makes money by selling your private information to third-parties.
This company manufactures computer chips.
This company manufactures televisions.
This company monitors its employees' e-mail.
This company monitors one of Algiers's largest dumps.
This company monitors one of Algiers's largest landfills.
This company needs a new manager.
This company offers free courses to further your professional development.
This company owes its success to him.
This company plans to become carbon neutral within five years.
This company relies on a network of 80 pedalers who make a living out of pedaling to recharge the lights or cell-phones of their neighbors.
This company sold unsafe products.
This company specializes in the transportation of anything and everything around Algeria.
This company uses cheap labor to increase its profit margins.
This company wants to attract top talent.
This company was established in 1930.
This company was founded in 1930.
This company was hit by a ransomware attack.
This company's CEO is a woman.
This company's newest product is so popular that it's having trouble keeping up with demand.
This company's profit margin is very big.
This company's responsiveness to my complaint is poor.
This company's stock closed at 932 yen yesterday.
This company's working conditions are intolerable.
This company’s stock closed at 932 yen yesterday.
This compass will be useful on your trip.
This compelled me to stay another week.
This competition is shaping up to be one for the books!
This complaining has got to stop.
This complaining has to stop.
This complete picture of how heat circulates in Saturn’s atmosphere allows scientists to better understand how these auroral electric currents drive winds and distribute energy around the planet, and why the upper atmosphere is twice as hot as temperatures expected from the Sun’s heat alone.
This completely ruined my relationship with the teacher.
This complex situation arose because signals from the environment itself can be inadequate.
This complicated the situation.
This composition is free from errors.
This composition is in the key of A-minor.
This composition is so badly written than I can not make out what he means.
This composition is so badly written that I cannot make out what he means.
This composition leaves nothing to be desired.
This composition makes heavy use of counterpoint.
This comprises the least complicated part of human nature.
This computer can cope with much work.
This computer can no longer be used.
This computer can't be used any more.
This computer cost three thousand dollars.
This computer costs 40% less in the United States than in Brazil.
This computer didn't cost much.
This computer didn’t cost much.
This computer doesn't work any more.
This computer doesn't work.
This computer freezes every day. It's about to die.
This computer has a 3½″ floppy drive.
This computer has a 5¼-inch floppy drive.
This computer has a 8-inch floppy drive.
This computer has a Pentium microprocessor.
This computer has a Pentium processor.
This computer has a fingerprint sensor.
This computer has a floppy disk drive.
This computer has a sharp screen.
This computer has stopped working.
This computer is a piece of junk.
This computer is a piece of junk. It keeps breaking down.
This computer is already not working.
This computer is already three years old.
This computer is as old as I am.
This computer is as old as me.
This computer is better than that one.
This computer is completely unusable.
This computer is dying along with my interest in computers.
This computer is excellent, but it cost me a fortune.
This computer is now unusable.
This computer is obsolete.
This computer is old.
This computer is operated using a mouse and keyboard.
This computer is powerful, efficient, and easy to use.
This computer is really fast.
This computer is really shitty; it constantly breaks down.
This computer is really slow.
This computer is second to none in quality.
This computer is slow.
This computer is so slow.
This computer is superior to that one.
This computer is the most expensive.
This computer is yours, isn't it?
This computer is yours, isn’t it?
This computer is yours, right?
This computer isn't Tom's. It's mine.
This computer needs to be fixed.
This computer network is, as it were, the nervous system of the company.
This computer often goes out of order.
This computer program can teach you foreign languages.
This computer runs on batteries.
This computer saves a great deal of time.
This computer saves us a lot of work.
This computer was cheap.
This computer will prove costly in the long run.
This computer works well now.
This computer's a lot faster than my old one.
This computer's a lot faster than the old one.
This computer's the better of the two.
This concept appeared relatively recently.
This concept has many meanings.
This concept is hard to translate.
This concept is very complicated.
This conception of matter, as infinitely divisible and continuous, was taught by Anaxagoras more than four centuries before the Christian era, and in the philosophy of Aristotle the same ideas are found.
This concerns you, idiot!
This concerns you, too.
This concerns you.
This concert exceeded my expectations.
This concert hall has wonderful acoustics.
This concert hall was built in 2013.
This concert was awesome.
This concert was better than I expected it to be.
This concert was better than I expected.
This concerto is a bit weak.
This concludes the press conference.
This conclusively decided the matter.
This condition could be life-threatening.
This condition created trouble.
This condition is especially common among young people.
This condition is necessary but not sufficient.
This condo is getting old. Why don't we redecorate to give it a fresh feel?
This condo is getting old. Why don’t we redecorate to give it a fresh feel?
This conference attracted 150 diplomats.
This conference is good.
This conference is part of Algeria's broader diplomatic effort to solve the Libyan crisis.
This conference is very important. Don't miss it.
This conference is very important. Don’t miss it.
This conference room is too small.
This conference takes place every year.
This conflict between us is too much for me to handle.
This conflict isn't over.
This confused Ziri a lot.
This conlang doesn't use the Latin script.
This conlang will be perfect for uniting the world into one language.
This connection is too slow for me to watch movies.
This connector is short-circuited.
This conservation wasn't supposed to get this deep.
This consonant tends to become voiced between vowels.
This consortium has thirteen members.
This constant back-and-forth is exhausting my patience.
This constant pessimism won't get us anywhere.
This container can hold two litres of hot water.
This container is completely watertight.
This content is available under a Creative Commons license.
This content is for informational purposes only, and does not constitute legal advice.
This content is inappropriate for you.
This content is not available in your country.
This contest is fixed.
This contestant has been kicked because of cheating.
This continued behavior might signal depression, anxiety or, at worst, suicidal tendencies.
This continued for four or five hours.
This continued for three or four hours.
This continued until the sun rose.
This continues to be a big problem in Algeria.
This continues to be maddening.
This continuous noise annoys me.
This contract binds me to pay them 10 thousand dollars.
This contract dispute turned into a legal wrangle.
This contract is null and void.
This contract is still in effect.
This contract is totally ridiculous.
This contract obligates the workers to show up on time to work in order to keep their jobs.
This contract shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in Mumbai alone.
This contract takes effect tomorrow.
This contract was signed under duress and is therefore null and void.
This contract will nullify all preceding contracts.
This contradiction is at the heart of a recent debate in Germany and the European Union about tax avoidance by wealthy multinational corporations.
This contradicts all norms and rules.
This contradicts my Islamic beliefs.
This contraption is complicated to use.
This contributor has asked for advanced contributor status. Please feel free to share your opinion with us, only if your opinion is positive.
This contributor has asked for advanced contributor status. Please feel free to share your opinion with us. Send us a message using the following link.
This controller has accelerometers in it so it can send a farewell transmission as your child chucks it out the window.
This controversy is futile!
This convenience store is open 24/7.
This convenience store is replacing plastic shopping bags with paper bags.
This convenience store never closes.
This conversation has to stay between us.
This conversation is a masterpiece.
This conversation is an extremely complex phenomenon.
This conversation is being recorded.
This conversation is fascinating, but I don't want to sidetrack from our main purpose.
This conversation is going to be recorded.
This conversation is going to be very useful to you.
This conversation is logical.
This conversation is over.
This conversation is over. Bye.
This conversation never happened.
This conversation should stay between us.
This conversation was not supposed to get this deep.
This cook cooks different meals every day.
This cookbook has recipes for every imaginable occasion.
This cookie is delicious.
This cookie is full of maggots.
This cooking doesn't look very good.
This cooking technique has passed into oblivion.
This cooktop is 44 inches wide.
This cool picture of a wizard staff was generated using AI.
This cooling design became the basis of all modern liquid-propellant rocket motors.
This cop's job is to protect lives but today, he took lives.
This copy is dirty, I'd like a different one.
This copy is for you.
This copy is full of mistakes.
This copy of Windows is not genuine.
This cork doesn't want to come out.
This cork is not coming out.
This cork refuses to come out.
This cork will not come out.
This cork won't come out.
This corn field is in Kabylie, Algeria.
This corn hurts a lot.
This corn is fresh.
This corner is where the accident happened.
This corporation is a political puppet.
This corporation is well known for its communication equipment.
This corpus is just a giant compilation of independent clauses.
This cost Fadil his life.
This cost Ziri his wife.
This cost a lot more than I wanted to spend.
This cost him his life.
This cost me an arm and a leg.
This cost me forty bucks.
This cost me four thousand dinars.
This cost more than I expected it to.
This cost more than I expected.
This costs 10 forints.
This costs almost nothing.
This costs me a lot of time.
This costs more than that.
This costs much less.
This costs nothing.
This costs the Algerian government billions every year.
This costs thirty euros.
This costs too much.
This costume comes with handcuffs.
This costume fits you like a glove.
This costume gives Mennad an air of authority.
This costume has fallen into disuse.
This costume is too tight for me.
This costume really suits you.
This cottage reminds me of the one I was born in.
This cotton is from Algeria.
This cotton shirt washes well.
This couch doubles both as a couch to sit on and a bed to sleep in.
This couch is comfortable to sleep on.
This couch is comfortable.
This couch is comfy.
This couch is heavy.
This couch is made of velvet.
This couch is not comfortable.
This couch is uncomfortable.
This couch is very comfortable.
This couch isn't comfortable.
This cough syrup contains codeine.
This could accidentally blow up.
This could actually happen to Yanni.
This could adversely affect Algeria's economy.
This could affect Sami's whole life.
This could all be for nothing.
This could apply to you, too.
This could backfire.
This could be a bad omen.
This could be a dangerous area.
This could be a fantastic basis for teaching Berber.
This could be a horse.
This could be a little tough.
This could be a major problem.
This could be a mistake.
This could be a problem.
This could be a scam.
This could be a serious problem.
This could be a trap.
This could be advantageous to you.
This could be anywhere.
This could be complicated.
This could be considered an act of treason.
This could be considered an emergency.
This could be construed as an act of terrorism.
This could be construed as an act of treason.
This could be dangerous.
This could be disastrous.
This could be done in one or two days.
This could be fatal.
This could be fun.
This could be huge.
This could be important.
This could be interesting.
This could be just what I've been looking for.
This could be my big break.
This could be my fault.
This could be problematic.
This could be serious.
This could be the death of me.
This could be the last time I'm here.
This could be the last time we ever see each other.
This could be the showdown of the century.
This could be true.
This could be used as a basis for teaching Berber vocabulary.
This could be used as a basis for teaching Berber.
This could be useful to us.
This could be very dangerous.
This could be very useful.
This could be your big moment.
This could be your year.
This could become a big problem.
This could become a problem.
This could become a serious problem.
This could become an environmental hazard.
This could become quite interesting.
This could blow up in our faces.
This could bring bad luck to the herd.
This could buy us some time.
This could cause cracks in Iran's theocratic regime.
This could cause engine problems.
This could cause irreversible damage to Damiano’s retina.
This could cause medical complications for you later in life.
This could change Algiers for ever.
This could change Ziri's life.
This could change everything.
This could come in handy.
This could contribute a lot to the development of Algeria.
This could contribute to serious health issues.
This could cost Tom his job.
This could cost her her job.
This could create a great deal of chaos in Algeria.
This could create a great deal of instability in Algeria.
This could decrease productivity in Algeria.
This could decrease productivity massively in Algeria.
This could destroy Algeria's economy.
This could destroy her entire life.
This could devastate Algeria's economy.
This could end badly.
This could end very badly for Yuri.
This could end very badly.
This could fuck up your career.
This could get a bit rocky.
This could get a little rocky.
This could get awkward.
This could get bad.
This could get complicated.
This could get interesting.
This could get messy.
This could get quite messy.
This could get real interesting.
This could get really complicated.
This could get really tiresome.
This could get stressful.
This could get you into trouble.
This could go badly.
This could go either really good or really bad.
This could go on for days, weeks or even months.
This could happen anywhere.
This could happen in Algeria, too.
This could happen in Algeria.
This could happen to Algeria, too.
This could happen to anybody.
This could happen to ordinary people like you and me.
This could happen to you, too.
This could harm your career progression.
This could harm your career trajectory.
This could have a massive impact on your life.
This could have a negative impact on you.
This could have a permanent impact on Algeria's economy.
This could have been a disaster.
This could have been a little better.
This could have been a prank.
This could have been an email.
This could have been devastating.
This could have been my life.
This could have devastating consequences.
This could have disastrous consequences.
This could have far-reaching consequences.
This could have happened to anybody.
This could have happened to anyone.
This could have more catastrophic results as time goes on.
This could have perilous diplomatic consequences.
This could have profound diplomatic consequences.
This could have unintended consequences.
This could hurt our business.
This could ignite an arms race between Algeria and Morocco.
This could impact Yanni's future relationships.
This could jeopardize Algeria's economic interests in sub-Saharan Africa.
This could jeopardize the whole operation.
This could keep you safer in a toxic work environment.
This could keep you stuck in a toxic job.
This could last for a long time.
This could last for some time.
This could lead to issues.
This could lead to strange bugs.
This could make any girl quiver.
This could mean war.
This could negatively impact Algeria's economy.
This could never happen again.
This could never happen in Australia.
This could never happen in Boston.
This could not be a visitor at so late an hour.
This could only happen in a place like this.
This could only happen to you.
This could profoundly weaken the Algerian economy.
This could prove problematic.
This could prove useful.
This could provoke riots in Algeria.
This could push prices higher.
This could result in a nuclear war.
This could result into famine in Algeria.
This could save Ziri's life.
This could save many lives.
This could send Ziri over the edge.
This could seriously impact Algiers's water supply.
This could slow down your career trajectory.
This could solve all our problems.
This could solve all your problems.
This could spell disaster.
This could start a panic.
This could take a long time.
This could take a number of days.
This could take a while longer.
This could take a while.
This could take another few years.
This could take awhile!
This could take come time.
This could take forever.
This could take hours.
This could take more than an hour.
This could take several days.
This could take some time.
This could take weeks.
This could take years.
This could undermine Algeria's security.
This could undermine Algeria's stability.
This could undermine Morocco's activities in the region.
This could work.
This could've been a disaster.
This could've been a little better.
This could've been devastating.
This could've been my life.
This could've happened to anybody.
This could've happened to anyone.
This couldn't have happened here.
This country belongs to all of us, not just a handful of billionaires.
This country considers every neighboring country as a threat.
This country contains the biggest religious site in human history.
This country deserves better.
This country does not treat its linguistic minorities fairly.
This country doesn’t need more college-educated people.
This country endured a long war in the 20th century.
This country had a mining boom in the 19th century.
This country has a harsh climate.
This country has a mild climate.
This country has a rich culture.
This country has a rich history.
This country has a trade surplus. It has more exports than imports.
This country has a very high crime rate.
This country has an aging population.
This country has an even temperature throughout the year.
This country has become a plutocracy.
This country has been invaded "peacefully".
This country has few natural resources.
This country has four seasons.
This country has long been known for the quality and diversity of its agricultural produce.
This country has never been so prosperous.
This country he gave over to the Greeks to plunder, on the ground that it was hostile territory.
This country is a democracy.
This country is a disaster.
This country is a leading importer of oil.
This country is called Russia.
This country is falling to pieces.
This country is founded upon the principles of freedom, equality and fraternity.
This country is full of bilingual signs.
This country is going irretrievably down the plughole.
This country is going through a delicate political phase.
This country is headed toward a fascist theocracy.
This country is hopeless.
This country is not afraid of being attacked.
This country is not for sale.
This country is not ours.
This country is ours.
This country is poor in natural resources.
This country is really going to the dogs!
This country is rich in coal.
This country is rich in mineral resources.
This country is rich in natural resources.
This country is rich in oil.
This country is safe from attack.
This country is small.
This country is very large.
This country is very poor.
This country needs a new president.
This country needs him.
This country recently proclaimed its independence.
This country remains the land of the free because there are so many brave to fight for it.
This country road leads to a small town ten miles away.
This country shares its borders with Russia.
This country successfully detonated a atomic bomb.
This country suffers from brain drain.
This country was subject to a neighboring country.
This country will fall under the hands of French colonization in the year 1863, when a king sought help and protection from France; they did not regain their independence until the 1950s
This country will raise more Fatihs.
This country's climate is cold and dry.
This country's problems don't run out, but its inhabitants do.
This country's roads are the most dangerous in the world.
This county is poor in natural resources.
This couple approaches humor so dryly that enormous chains of jokes will blossom without an iota of laughter.
This couple is the very picture of closeness.
This coupon can only be redeemed in-store.
This course is only offered in French.
This course teaches basic skills in First Aid.
This course teaches basic skills in first aid.
This course will help you master correct pronunciation.
This couscous gives me appetite.
This couscous is Algerian.
This couscous is fantastic.
This couscous is fantastic. Is there any more?
This couscous is good and delicious.
This couscous is incredibly delicious.
This couscous looks so delicious.
This couscous smells delicious and I'm starving.
This couscous tastes extremely weird.
This cover doesn't fit.
This cow is not branded.
This cow isn't branded.
This crate contains apples.
This crate is too heavy for me to move by myself.
This cream may help alleviate your symptoms.
This cream softens, regenerates and relieves the driest hands.
This created a lot of unhappiness in Yanni's life.
This created an illusion that was hard to explain.
This created fear in Yanni's life.
This creates a lot of political problems.
This credit card entitles us to certain privileges.
This crime case was never able to be solved.
This crime is subject to a life sentence.
This crime was likely committed by a woman.
This crime was probably committed by a woman.
This crime will get Sami thirty years to life.
This criminal is a victim of his heredity.
This criminal is morally depraved.
This criminal was known to the police.
This crisis could push Algeria into the abyss.
This crisis has rocked Algeria to its core.
This critical piece may have been overlooked by the congresswoman.
This criticism in no way militates against a different judgement of another group of works.
This crop is grown in Algeria.
This cross street is busy with pedestrian traffic.
This crosses the line.
This crowd makes me anxious.
This crowd reminds me of the streets of Tokyo.
This cruel cold could make a man afraid of his own voice.
This crystal is very expensive, apparently.
This cucumber is very long!
This cucumber is very long.
This cuisine is seasoned to evoke the esprit of Paris.
This cultivar is the champion amongst mushrooms.
This cup has a crack in it.
This cup is Tom's.
This cup is broken.
This cup is mine.
This cup is too big.
This cup is very fragile.
This cup isn't Tom's. It is mine.
This cup of coffee is for Tom.
This cup of coffee is very hot.
This currant juice isn't going to taste very good.
This curry is too hot to eat.
This curry is too hot.
This curry is very hot.
This curtain is made of fine material.
This custodian, instead of mopping the floor and cleaning the sinks, dedicates herself to stealing toilet paper.
This custom became extinct a long time ago.
This custom began during the Edo period.
This custom began in the Edo Period.
This custom dates back to the 12th century.
This custom dates from ancient times.
This custom dates from the Edo period.
This custom dispenses with that rigorous constraint and reservedness which are practised by the women of other countries, and they go whithersoever they please, either alone or in company.
This custom has become firmly established among the Japanese.
This custom has been handed down from generation to generation.
This custom is dying out nowadays.
This custom is followed in many households.
This custom is followed in most households.
This custom is peculiar to Japan.
This custom is still observed today.
This custom is unique to America.
This custom should be done away with.
This custom was recently introduced in our everyday life.
This customer wants us to remove this ivy from his fence.
This customer would like some trousers.
This cut is bleeding a lot.
This cutlery is silver.
This cuttlefish has started to lose its freshness.
This cycle of suspicion and discord must end.
This cyclist is injured.
This cyclist uses EPO.
This dam dwarfs even the Hoover Dam.
This dam generates more power than any other dam in the world.
This dam has generated a lot of electricity.
This dam supplies us with water and electricity.
This dam was built at the cost of many lives.
This damage was caused by you.
This damage wasn't caused by the storm.
This damn computer doesn't work.
This damn thing is useless.
This damned computer won't work.
This damned computer won’t work.
This damp match won't light.
This damp match won’t light.
This dance club is really going places.
This dance is for teenagers only.
This dance is very hard to learn.
This dangerous terrorist is wanted in Algeria.
This data doesn't seem very accurate.
This data is alarming.
This data is anything but accurate.
This data is classified.
This data is for my thesis.
This data is immaterial to the argument.
This data is incorrect.
This data is of no value now.
This data is outdated.
This data isn't accurate at all.
This data isn’t accurate at all.
This data may be corrupted.
This data supports the hypothesis.
This data was compiled by Tom.
This database contains many errors.
This database has a data integrity issue.
This database was created for a purpose, whether it's for students or researchers, or for some other purpose, or for all purposes.
This dataset is of good quality.
This date has to be perfect.
This day has been exceptionally tiring.
This day has been for shit.
This day is Friday.
This day is so boring!
This day is valuable to us.
This day started like any other ordinary day.
This day started like any other.
This day usually starts with my father buying something for my mother.
This day was exceptionally tiring.
This day was just a waste of time and money.
This day went down in history.
This day will go down in history.
This day you go forth in the month of new corn.
This day, the living shall envy the dead.
This deadline was not met.
This deal is gonna to be over.
This deal is mine, so you need to just settle down and agree with me.
This debate about the future of the ozone layer has been mostly about profits and politics.
This debate is silly.
This debate won't get us anywhere.
This decision changed Nepal’s history for it introduced democracy.
This decision depends on how much space and time are available.
This decision had important results.
This decision is about my future and freedom.
This decision is bigger than me.
This decision is dictatory and irrevocable.
This decision is final.
This decision is not binding on all of you.
This decision isn't ours to make.
This decision paid off.
This decision pushes us into a corner.
This decision saved Tom's life.
This decision was a self-serving measure designed to procure immunity from prosecution.
This decision was accepted with grinding teeth.
This decision was grudgingly accepted.
This decision was hard to make.
This decision was hard.
This decision was taken in the public interest.
This decision wasn't made unanimously.
This decision wasn't taken unanimously.
This decision will affect her future career.
This decision will affect his future career.
This decision will have far-reaching consequences.
This decision will reflect on his future career.
This decision won't make anybody happy.
This deed became one of the most emblematic milestones of the Revolution.
This deepened Ziri's resentment of his father.
This deer is the largest animal Ziri has ever killed.
This defeat showed that the Brazilian team is not as strong as it was thought.
This defeatism is why we're stuck with this unjust system.
This definitely has to stop.
This definitely tastes better than what we ate yesterday.
This definition is inchoate, and thus it must be interpreted.
This delusion is pervasive.
This demonstration is amazing.
This dentist was too expensive.
This deodorant leaves white stains on my shirt.
This deodorant leaves white stains on the shirt.
This department has been very inefficient.
This department is supervised by Tom.
This department store is closed at seven.
This department store is closed today.
This department store is neat.
This departure doesn't change anything in our friendship.
This depends on you.
This depleted his financial resources.
This deposit bears three percent interest.
This depresses me a bit.
This depression was triggered by Yanni's abandonment.
This deprives the Algerian treasury of millions of dollars.
This describes me so perfectly!
This description is too abstract.
This description of events is completely exaggerated, even if it's essentially true.
This desert invites you to reflect on life.
This desert is impossible to cross.
This desert looks like a different planet.
This desert looks like an alien landscape.
This deserves to be explained.
This design deserves serious consideration.
This design doesn't suit my taste.
This design doesn’t suit my taste.
This design is too inefficient to prototype.
This design is too robotic.
This design is very ergonomic.
This design resembles his earlier work.
This design shows Chinese influence.
This desk cost me $300.
This desk cost me 20,000 yen.
This desk cost me no less than 30000 yen.
This desk cost me no more than 30000 yen.
This desk cost three hundred dollars.
This desk cost you $300, didn't it?
This desk has a hidden drawer.
This desk has a secret drawer.
This desk has lost one of its legs.
This desk is a bit low for me.
This desk is a bit too low for me.
This desk is a little low for me.
This desk is a little too low for me.
This desk is a little too low for you, isn't it?
This desk is as good as that one.
This desk is better than that one.
This desk is broken.
This desk is designed for children.
This desk is different from the one I ordered.
This desk is good.
This desk is made of hard wood.
This desk is made of wood.
This desk is made out of reclaimed wood.
This desk is mine.
This desk is the best of all the desks.
This desk is too big to fit through that door.
This desk is too heavy to lift.
This desk is too small for Meg.
This desk is too small for Tom.
This desk is too small for her.
This desk is too small for him.
This desk is too small for me.
This desk is too small for you.
This desk is used by Tom.
This desk is used by Yumi.
This desk is used by him.
This desk is used by me.
This desk takes up too much room.
This desk was broken by Tony.
This desk was too heavy for Patty to lift.
This desk was too heavy to lift.
This desk, which I bought yesterday, is very big.
This dessert looks suspiciously like pasta.
This dessert looks suspiciously like pasta. It does not taste good.
This dessert must be served cold.
This dessert shop serves you the best ice cream in this city.
This dessert should be served cold.
This dessert tastes good.
This destructive world has already experienced two world wars.
This detention is completely illegal.
This detergent isn't suitable for microfiber towels.
This detergent makes towels smell good.
This detergent works like magic.
This devastated me.
This development is casting a larger and larger shadow over the chemical industry as well.
This development tool has a high learning cost.
This development was not foreseeable; it simply surprised us.
This deviation from the safety protocol was so blatant that she fired him immediately.
This device allows humans to breathe underwater.
This device appears to be defective.
This device consumes little energy.
This device doesn't work.
This device is actuated by a switch.
This device is ready to kill dictators.
This device is set up to kill dictators.
This device is very light.
This device made it possible to turn sea-water into fresh water easily.
This device may come in handy.
This device produces electricity.
This device uses little electricity.
This device will warn you when you leave your lane.
This diagram will illustrate what I mean.
This dialect is very interesting.
This diamond costs a fortune.
This diamond is fake.
This diamond is not real.
This diamond is very valuable.
This diamond isn't real.
This diamond ring costs a fortune.
This diamond ring is too extravagant for me.
This diaphanous glass is green and blue.
This diary belonged to the girl who lived in besieged Leningrad.
This diary belongs to him.
This dictation is complicated.
This dictionary can also help you.
This dictionary contains a lot of information.
This dictionary contains about 40,000 headwords.
This dictionary contains not less than fifty thousand words.
This dictionary contains not more than 20,000 words.
This dictionary doesn't belong to me.
This dictionary doesn't go very far.
This dictionary doesn’t belong to me.
This dictionary doesn’t go very far.
This dictionary has 12 volumes.
This dictionary has a preface, not a foreword.
This dictionary has about 40,000 entries.
This dictionary has been designed to help children in their first few years of learning English or IsiZulu as an additional language.
This dictionary has been of great use to me.
This dictionary has example sentences.
This dictionary has sentences that illustrate how to use each word.
This dictionary is a good learning tool for both students and professors.
This dictionary is a handy size.
This dictionary is adapted for high school students.
This dictionary is an abridged edition.
This dictionary is as useful as that one.
This dictionary is as useful as yours.
This dictionary is better than that one.
This dictionary is by far the best.
This dictionary is completely useless.
This dictionary is every bit as good as that one.
This dictionary is expensive.
This dictionary is good.
This dictionary is great boon up to us.
This dictionary is handy in size.
This dictionary is intended primarily for secondary school pupils.
This dictionary is mine.
This dictionary is my sister's.
This dictionary is my sister’s.
This dictionary is nearly useless.
This dictionary is no good.
This dictionary is not useful at all.
This dictionary is of great use for students.
This dictionary is of great use to me.
This dictionary is of great use.
This dictionary is of great value to us.
This dictionary is of little use.
This dictionary is primarily intended for high school students.
This dictionary is shit.
This dictionary is superior to that one.
This dictionary is the best I could find.
This dictionary is up to date.
This dictionary is useful to beginners, yes, and to advanced learners.
This dictionary is very expensive, but is worth buying.
This dictionary is very useful.
This dictionary is very valuable.
This dictionary is well adapted for beginners.
This dictionary is without a doubt the best.
This dictionary is written in English.
This dictionary isn't any good.
This dictionary isn't mine.
This dictionary isn't the most recent version.
This dictionary isn't useful at all.
This dictionary isn't useful.
This dictionary isn't very good.
This dictionary isn’t mine.
This dictionary isn’t the most recent version.
This dictionary might come in handy.
This dictionary puts a special emphasis on usage.
This dictionary will be of great help to you.
This dictionary will be of great use to you.
This dictionary will help you to learn Berber.
This dictionary will really help you.
This dictionary, of which the third volume is missing, cost me a hundred dollars.
This did happen.
This did not bode well.
This did not happen.
This did not satisfy Mary, and the relationship between them became more distant.
This did not satisfy Mary, and the relationship between them cooled.
This did not satisfy Tom, and the relationship between them became more distant.
This did not satisfy Tom, and the relationship between them cooled.
This did not seem to trouble Yanni.
This did not worry Jefferson.
This did seem to complicate matters somewhat.
This didn't alarm me.
This didn't bother Lajos so much.
This didn't bother Ziri at the time.
This didn't convince anyone.
This didn't cost anything.
This didn't cost me anything.
This didn't cost me very much.
This didn't cost too much.
This didn't ease my fear in the slightest.
This didn't fall out of the sky!
This didn't figure in my plans.
This didn't fit me very well.
This didn't go down well with Algeria.
This didn't happen by accident.
This didn't happen this morning, but yesterday in the afternoon or towards the evening.
This didn't have to happen.
This didn't just happen overnight.
This didn't make any sense to Mary.
This didn't make any sense to Tom.
This didn't reoccur.
This didn't surprise Sami.
This didn't surprise Yanni.
This didn't surprise me.
This didn't work.
This didn’t fit me very well.
This didn’t seem to affect Flavio in any way.
This diet is full of vitamins.
This differential equation can be easily solved by Laplace transform.
This difficult text is one I can't read.
This dinosaur had a long neck.
This dinosaur weighed over four tons.
This dinosaur-shaped eraser is really cute.
This dinosaur-shaped rubber is really cute.
This diorama pictures a hunt such as may have taken place 10 or 12 thousand years ago in what is now northeastern New Mexico.
This diplomatic protocol is rather complex.
This directly concerns Tom.
This directly concerns her.
This directly concerns him.
This directly concerns them.
This directly concerns you.
This director doesn't know anything about acting.
This director is not insensitive to criticism.
This discovery became a sensation.
This discovery became a starting point for the evolution of the archeology of our country.
This discovery has been exploited to the detriment of the poor peasants.
This discovery has the potential to radically change the field.
This discovery has the potential to transform the field.
This discovery opened up the floodgates to research and led to the establishment of the discipline as a legitimate field of inquiry.
This discovery turned the investigation on its head.
This discovery was made accidentally.
This discovery will be recorded in history.
This discovery would improve our lives significantly.
This discussion does not pertain to you.
This discussion is becoming too political.
This discussion is getting too political.
This discussion is over.
This discussion wasn't supposed to be about politics.
This disdain that is felt for whatever is wild, natural, and unowned, is largely responsible for the unscrupulous digging up of any attractive plants that may be discovered, a subject of which I propose to speak in the next chapter.
This disease affects gazelles.
This disease affects many people.
This disease causes blindness.
This disease does not have a cure.
This disease gradually leads to blindness.
This disease is caused by a rare genetic mutation.
This disease is considered incurable.
This disease is more common among children than adults.
This disease is particularly harmful for young children. The adult worms can live up to 2 years, so intestinal blockage can become severe in tiny tummies.
This disease is very nasty.
This disease kills slowly.
This disease leads to death if left untreated.
This disease mainly affects the central nervous system.
This disease spreads like wildfire.
This disease was introduced by tourists.
This disease, called PDD [Proventricular Dilatation Disease], has been affecting large aviaries, zoos, and conservation efforts across the world.
This disease, he added, has not only deprived people of human closeness, but also of the possibility of receiving consolation from the sacraments in person.
This disease, left untreated, leads to death.
This dish contains a lot of garlic and little salt.
This dish doesn't hold water.
This dish goes very well with sake.
This dish has a bit of garlic flavor.
This dish has a strong flavor of garlic.
This dish is beginning to spoil.
This dish is best eaten cold.
This dish is delicious.
This dish is eaten without bread.
This dish is filled with many invigorating ingredients.
This dish is more delicious than that one.
This dish is my favourite.
This dish is tasty.
This dish is terrific.
This dish is too spicy.
This dish is very crumbly.
This dish isn't clean.
This dish looks like couscous.
This dish uses two eggs.
This dish was recommended by the waiter.
This dishtowel is soaking wet.
This dishwasher is too big. It won't fit under the counter.
This disorder is mainly diagnosed in children.
This disorder occurs in adults as well.
This disorderliness is inexcusable.
This distillery looks like a suburban mall bookstore from the nineties.
This distillery uses organic grains and distills its whiskey from scratch.
This district attracts well-off people.
This district forms a basin.
This district is free from environmental pollution.
This district is known for its beautiful scenery.
This district is notorious for air pollution.
This disturbs Mary.
This disturbs Tom.
This disturbs her.
This disturbs him.
This disturbs me.
This disturbs them.
This disturbs us.
This disturbs you, doesn't it?
This divan is made of velvet.
This diver's watch is a little too expensive.
This diver’s watch is a little too expensive.
This divorce is ruining everything.
This doctor doesn't know anything about his patients.
This doctor doesn't know anything.
This doctor has saved a lot of lives.
This doctor is a man of culture.
This doctor is an authority on childhood diseases.
This doctor is training that nurse.
This doctor knows nothing.
This doctor practices ancient Chinese medicine.
This document contains the 400 most frequently used words in Berber.
This document is a fake.
This document is classified.
This document is extremely important.
This document is for your eyes only.
This document is highly confidential. For your eyes only.
This document is impossible to understand.
This document is in the public domain.
This document is too easy to translate.
This document must be signed.
This document must not be subjected to further modifications.
This document must not undergo further modifications.
This document must not undergo later modifications.
This document needs to be signed, this one reviewed, and this one approved.
This document needs to be signed.
This document outlined the structure and purpose of the organization.
This document still hasn't been signed.
This document takes up a lot of space.
This document was actually written by Tom.
This documentary is narrated by David Attenborough.
This documentary talks about the role played by the expansion of the Roman Empire in the formation of the Romance languages.
This documentary was narrated by David Attenborough.
This does happen quite often.
This does me good.
This does not allow for more than one interpretation.
This does not apply to students.
This does not bode well.
This does not concern you at all.
This does not forebode anything good for you.
This does not look like studying.
This does not make me happy.
This does not mean only the study of language, history or geography.
This does not mean that there is no variation.
This does not mean that they have nothing in common with other peoples.
This does not square with your story.
This doesn't affect him at all.
This doesn't answer my question.
This doesn't appear to be Tom's work.
This doesn't apply here in Algeria.
This doesn't apply to Algeria.
This doesn't apply to you.
This doesn't belong here.
This doesn't belong to Tom anymore.
This doesn't belong to Tom.
This doesn't belong to you, does it?
This doesn't bode well at all.
This doesn't bode well for tomorrow.
This doesn't bother me in the least.
This doesn't bother me in the slightest.
This doesn't burn.
This doesn't change anything.
This doesn't change things.
This doesn't concern her.
This doesn't concern me.
This doesn't concern them.
This doesn't concern us.
This doesn't concern you at all.
This doesn't concern you, Tom.
This doesn't concern you.
This doesn't count.
This doesn't depend on me.
This doesn't entirely rule out another possibility.
This doesn't entitle you to disrespect me.
This doesn't entitle you to yell at me.
This doesn't excuse the hasty manner in which he acted.
This doesn't excuse your behavior.
This doesn't feel right.
This doesn't fit into any category.
This doesn't fit.
This doesn't give him the right to diminish Muslims.
This doesn't give him the right to diminish us as Muslims.
This doesn't give him the right to insult us as Muslims.
This doesn't give you the license to diminish her as a Muslim.
This doesn't give you the license to diminish us as Muslims.
This doesn't happen all the time.
This doesn't happen every day.
This doesn't happen often.
This doesn't happen only in Australia.
This doesn't happen only in Boston.
This doesn't happen very often.
This doesn't have any calories.
This doesn't have anything to do with Yanni.
This doesn't have anything to do with the Bible.
This doesn't have to happen again.
This doesn't help.
This doesn't involve you, Tom.
This doesn't involve you.
This doesn't last very long.
This doesn't look good at all.
This doesn't look good for Tom.
This doesn't look good, Ziri.
This doesn't look good.
This doesn't look like Cairo.
This doesn't look like Tom's handwriting.
This doesn't look like Tom's umbrella.
This doesn't look like a big deal to Mark.
This doesn't look like a regular mosque.
This doesn't look like cobblestone.
This doesn't look like yours.
This doesn't look right.
This doesn't look so good.
This doesn't look too bad.
This doesn't look very easy to me.
This doesn't make a whole lot of sense.
This doesn't make any sense to me.
This doesn't make any sense.
This doesn't make me feel any better.
This doesn't make much sense, does it?
This doesn't make much sense.
This doesn't make sense to me either.
This doesn't make sense to me.
This doesn't make sense.
This doesn't make too much sense.
This doesn't match the French sentence.
This doesn't matter at all.
This doesn't matter.
This doesn't mean Algeria is flawless.
This doesn't mean Algeria is perfect.
This doesn't mean I hate you; I just don't love you anymore now.
This doesn't mean Yanni is irrational.
This doesn't mean Yanni is oversensitive.
This doesn't mean Yanni isn't interested.
This doesn't mean Ziri wasn't out there.
This doesn't mean a thing to me.
This doesn't mean anything.
This doesn't mean he's moving out of Algeria.
This doesn't mean it wasn't out there.
This doesn't mean she is not attracted to you.
This doesn't mean she is not sexually attracted to you.
This doesn't mean that he can teach Berber.
This doesn't mean that he's a monster.
This doesn't mean that he's an asshole.
This doesn't mean that you have to make my life difficult.
This doesn't mean that you're going to be alone.
This doesn't mean the danger has passed.
This doesn't necessarily mean that Tom is dead.
This doesn't prove a thing.
This doesn't prove anything.
This doesn't really fit in with our sustainable development plans.
This doesn't really happen.
This doesn't really make sense.
This doesn't remind me of anything.
This doesn't satisfy me.
This doesn't seem like a coincidence.
This doesn't seem normal to me.
This doesn't seem normal to you, does it?
This doesn't seem normal.
This doesn't seem real.
This doesn't seem right to me.
This doesn't seem right.
This doesn't seem to affect Tom.
This doesn't seem to be a serious problem.
This doesn't seem to be working.
This doesn't seem to fit in with your Islamic faith, does it?
This doesn't seem to have a price tag on it.
This doesn't seem to make sense.
This doesn't serve any purpose.
This doesn't solve the problem.
This doesn't sound completely natural to me.
This doesn't sound like Berber to me.
This doesn't sound like Sami.
This doesn't sound right.
This doesn't surprise me at all.
This doesn't surprise me.
This doesn't taste bad at all; in fact, it tastes very good. I love it!
This doesn't taste good.
This doesn't taste like pork to me.
This doesn't taste like strawberry ice cream.
This doesn't taste very good.
This doesn't work anymore.
This doesn't work as effectively in humid environments.
This doesn't work at all.
This doesn't work!
This doesn't work.
This doesn’t concern me.
This doesn’t fit into any category.
This doesn’t fit.
This doesn’t mean the danger has passed.
This doesn’t work!
This dog and that fish are mine, but that bird not.
This dog barks a lot.
This dog barks at everyone he doesn't know.
This dog barks at everyone it doesn't know.
This dog barks at people he doesn't know.
This dog bites.
This dog breed has very special markings.
This dog can jump very high.
This dog collar is too tight.
This dog doesn't belong to anyone.
This dog doesn't bite.
This dog doesn't want to move because his paw hurts.
This dog eats almost anything.
This dog gets so excited that he wants to climb the shelf.
This dog has a keen sense of smell.
This dog has advanced arthritis in his joints.
This dog has been following us all day.
This dog has never been vaccinated.
This dog is Tom's.
This dog is a copycat.
This dog is a crossbreed.
This dog is a mix between a cocker spaniel and a poodle.
This dog is a mixed breed.
This dog is a mongrel.
This dog is a neutered male.
This dog is almost human.
This dog is almost like a human being.
This dog is almost like a human.
This dog is an underdog.
This dog is big.
This dog is bigger.
This dog is conditioned to bark at strangers.
This dog is cute.
This dog is full of ticks.
This dog is gay.
This dog is insane.
This dog is like a baby.
This dog is lying!
This dog is mine.
This dog is more attached to us than this cat.
This dog is nobody's.
This dog is not for sale.
This dog is not mine.
This dog is obedient.
This dog is our mayor.
This dog is our regimental mascot.
This dog is ownerless.
This dog is probably not sterilized...
This dog is shaggy.
This dog is so adorable.
This dog is so sick he wants to climb the shelf.
This dog is staring at me as if it wanted to eat me.
This dog is still alive, apparently.
This dog is stupid.
This dog is taught to bark at strangers.
This dog is the biggest in this town.
This dog is thirteen or fourteen years old.
This dog is too cute to lose.
This dog is trained to bark at strangers.
This dog is trained to save people in the mountains.
This dog is trained to smell out drugs.
This dog is ugly.
This dog is unfriendly.
This dog is very big.
This dog is very clever.
This dog is very obedient.
This dog is very smart.
This dog is white.
This dog is yours.
This dog is yours. Where is mine?
This dog is, so to speak, a member of our family.
This dog isn't Tom's.
This dog isn't mine.
This dog jumped.
This dog looks like a cat.
This dog looks like a horse.
This dog looks sick.
This dog might have the right temperament to work on a farm.
This dog minds well.
This dog ran fast.
This dog runs fast.
This dog runs very fast!
This dog saved my life.
This dog saved that little girl's life.
This dog saved the girl's life.
This dog tired to bite my arm.
This dog was born two months ago.
This dog will protect us.
This dog's name is Black.
This doghouse was built by Tom.
This doghouse was cheap to build.
This dogma has been challenged.
This dogma is rather a paradox.
This doll belongs to me.
This doll costs only sixty cents.
This doll has big eyes.
This doll is a choking hazard.
This doll is a gift from my aunt.
This doll is haunted.
This doll was a gift from my aunt.
This domain name has already been taken.
This domain name is already in use.
This done, she gave her a pair of the prettiest glass slippers in the whole world.
This done, the sailyards to the wind we veer, / and leave the Grecians and the land of fear.
This done, we had lunch.
This door automatically locks.
This door can only be unlocked from the inside.
This door can't be locked.
This door can't be opened in any way.
This door can’t be opened in any way.
This door gives access to the garden.
This door has been welded shut.
This door is a fucking nightmare! Just open already!
This door is always in the shadow.
This door is closed.
This door is driving me insane!
This door is locked from inside.
This door is locked from the inside.
This door is locked.
This door is opened only from outside.
This door is the only exit.
This door is usually locked.
This door just won't open.
This door just wouldn't open.
This door leads into the kitchen.
This door leads to the balcony.
This door leads to the bedroom.
This door leads to the garden.
This door leads to the study.
This door locks automatically.
This door locks by itself.
This door needs painting.
This door needs to be painted.
This door opens to the hallway.
This door will not open.
This door won't budge.
This door won't lock.
This door won't open.
This door won't shut.
This door won’t lock.
This door won’t open.
This door won’t shut.
This door would not open, no matter what I did.
This door would not open.
This door wouldn't open, no matter what I did.
This door's locked.
This dormitory is co-ed.
This dose is enough to put an elephant to sleep.
This dose of anaesthetic is able to put down an elephant.
This double-face tape is supplied with the kit.
This dough is crunchy.
This doughnut is crispy.
This doughnut is super oily.
This dove cannot fly. Its wings are broken.
This downpour isn't a disaster for everyone.
This draft constitution is the result of more than two years of work and reflection in which the members of the Kabyle Parliament participated during various sessions.
This drain can't be used on toilets.
This drain cleaner is safe for toilets.
This drain is doing its job.
This drain opener is better than that.
This drama consists of just two short scenes.
This drama got boring.
This drama got uninteresting.
This drama is missing something. All it is is a simple cautionary tale with no real depth.
This drama stopped being interesting.
This drama will be on the air tomorrow.
This drawer won't open.
This drawer's stuck.
This drawing dates back to the fifteenth century.
This drawing is less than great. He needs to do something with the line here at the back of the leg.
This drawing took me five minutes, but I took sixty years to get there.
This dream is not meant to come true.
This dream was not to come true.
This dream wasn't to come true.
This dream will come true.
This dress comes in three sizes.
This dress cost me over 40,000 yen.
This dress creases easily.
This dress fits like a glove!
This dress fits me perfectly.
This dress fits me very well.
This dress fits well.
This dress fits you like a glove.
This dress fits you to perfection!
This dress fits you well.
This dress has a beautiful neckline.
This dress is YOU.
This dress is a good bargain.
This dress is a good buy.
This dress is a good price.
This dress is cheap.
This dress is cheaper than yours.
This dress is clearly not for wearing outside.
This dress is completely appropriate for a girl Skura's age.
This dress is good value.
This dress is green.
This dress is made from pure silk.
This dress is made of silk.
This dress is much too large for me.
This dress is not going to fit me.
This dress is so stiff.
This dress is too big for me.
This dress is too expensive.
This dress is ugly, I won't wear it.
This dress leaves little to the imagination.
This dress looks good on you.
This dress looks great on you.
This dress looks really good on her.
This dress looks very good on you.
This dress may look funny, but I like it.
This dress really suits her.
This dress shrank, and what's more it faded.
This dress shrank, and what’s more it faded.
This dress suits you well.
This dress suits your style.
This dress was in fashion in those days.
This dress was made specially for you.
This dress will look better on you.
This dress will look good on you.
This dress would look good on you.
This dresser takes up too much room.
This drill is boring.
This drink clearly has the same flavor as tea.
This drink has a really different flavor.
This drink is carbonated.
This drink is cold.
This drink is full of goodness.
This drink is on the house.
This drink is probably yours.
This drink is very delicious.
This drink isn't yummy.
This drink must be yours.
This drink tastes like pee!
This drink tastes somewhat familiar.
This drink tastes sour.
This drink will take you from zero to hero.
This drink's flavor is obviously that of tea.
This drink’s flavor is obviously that of tea.
This driver is too small and isn't very useful.
This driver is too small and isn’t very useful.
This drives me crackers.
This drives me crazy.
This drives me nuts.
This drought has been going on for a long time.
This drug acts against headache.
This drug company raised the price of a tablet from $13.50 to $750 overnight.
This drug has no other major side effects.
This drug is illegal in Algeria.
This drug may cause serious reactions.
This drug only works for men.
This drug saved Ziri's life.
This drug will allow the resurrection of the dead.
This drug will keep you up all night.
This drug will likely sterilize Rima.
This drug works only for men.
This drug works well.
This drum makes a strange noise.
This dude is a genius.
This dude is huge.
This dude sings well.
This dude was becoming impossible.
This dude was becoming unbearable.
This dump truck is a monster.
This dump truck sells at a retail price of five million dinars.
This durable oak deckchair comes with a floral canvas cover.
This dust is impossible to filter from the air.
This duty has priority over all others.
This duvet set is made from fibre-dyed cotton.
This e-mail address is only able to send emails. Even if you reply to this email, we cannot respond, thanks in advance for your understanding.
This e-mail is confidential and is intended only for the addressees.
This e-mail is confidential and it is intended only for the addressees.
This e-mail is confidential and may also contain privileged information.
This e-zine is for those who, unswayed by the cajolery of the modern language industry, firmly trust that the traditional learning method of grammatical analysis is the way to go.
This eagle can't fly. Its wings are broken.
This eagle's wings are broken.
This early research discovered many basic principles that are still used today.
This earth is moist owing to the recent rain.
This earthquake is divine retribution.
This earthquake took a hundred and fifty lives, as well.
This easter egg is a reference to one of the developer's previous games.
This easy chair is quite comfortable.
This eccentric billionaire has amassed one of the world's largest art collections.
This economic crisis couldn't come at a worse time for Algeria.
This economic crisis is pushing Morocco towards political collapse.
This economist studies the global economy.
This edifice is a mosque.
This edition is limited to seven thousand copies.
This edition is limited.
This effect is called time dilation.
This effect was noticed by the creators of the full-screen editors, such as PyRoom, FocusWriter and DarkRoom.
This effectively makes our enemies helpless.
This effort failed.
This egg cream recipe serves four.
This egg has a bad smell.
This egg is cracked.
This egg is fresh.
This egg is too runny.
This egg smells bad.
This egg stinks.
This egg was perfectly cooked.
This elastic has a lot of give.
This elderly person said something.
This election campaign is going to be a hellish mix of vituperative venom, as nasty as a fraternity house bathroom on New Year's Eve.
This election had many firsts and many stories that will be told for generations.
This election had many firsts and many stories that will be told for generations. But one that's on my mind tonight is about a woman who cast her ballot in Atlanta. She's a lot like the millions of others who stood in line to make their voice heard in this election, except for one thing: Ann Nixon Cooper is 106 years old.
This election had many firsts and many stories that will be told for generations. But one that’s on my mind tonight is about a woman who cast her ballot in Atlanta. She’s a lot like the millions of others who stood in line to make their voice heard in this election, except for one thing: Ann Nixon Cooper is 106 years old.
This election is important for the future of this country.
This electric car is powered by batteries.
This electric oven only has two burners.
This electrical device must have been damaged during delivery.
This electromagnet is very powerful.
This electronic toilet comes with all sorts of bells and whistles.
This elegant silk nightie comes with a matching robe.
This element can be encountered in nature extremely rarely.
This element can be found in nature extremely rarely.
This element is extremely rare in nature.
This element is rare on earth.
This element, considered to be radioactive and classified as a metal, is artificially produced by bombarding atoms of americium-243—an isotope of the element Americium (Am)—with ions of a rare isotope calcium-48 using a device called a cyclotron.
This elementary school will be closed down at the initiative of the principal.
This elephant is adored by small children.
This elephant is loved by small kids.
This elevator does not go above the sixth floor.
This elevator doesn't go up to the sixth floor.
This elevator doesn't stop at the second or third floors.
This elevator doesn't stop on odd-numbered floors.
This elevator is capable of carrying 10 persons at a time.
This elevator is capable of carrying ten persons.
This elevator is faster than that one.
This elevator is going up.
This elevator is out of order.
This elevator is out of order. Please use the stairs.
This elevator needs to be replaced.
This elevator only goes up to the fifth floor.
This elevator only goes up to the sixth floor.
This elevator will take you up to the tenth floor.
This elevator's capacity is ten people.
This elevator’s capacity is ten people.
This elf is so cute.
This elf is so little.
This email address is not registered, or the password is wrong.
This enables me to see and face my present trouble.
This enclosure is amazing.
This enclosure is appropriate for Ziri's tortoise.
This encyclopaedia is convenient for looking up things.
This encyclopedia belongs to my wife.
This encyclopedia is beyond the reach of an ordinary student.
This encyclopedia is issued in monthly parts.
This ended badly.
This ended up being a bad idea.
This endows virtue.
This ends here.
This enemy is too hard, it should be nerfed.
This engine consumes the most oil.
This engine has 4 cylinders.
This engine has 6 cylinders.
This engine is driven by steam.
This engine is small but mighty.
This engine sometimes gives up the ghost.
This engine works perfectly.
This engine works well.
This engineer may be your new love.
This engineered chromosome belongs to yeast, but experts say it can help them understand how genes work in humans as well.
This enormous longhorn beetle is found around mango and fig trees.
This enraged Ziri.
This entire part of Mennad's nose is shattered and needs to be rebuilt.
This entomologist has a large insect collection.
This envelope has no address.
This envelope is for Tom.
This environment stirs with life.
This enzyme is produced in the stomach.
This episode's scenario is outstanding.
This equation has no solutions modulo p.
This equation has solutions.
This equation is in spherical coordinates.
This equipment generates, uses, and can radiate radio frequency energy and, if not installed and used in accordance with the instructions, may cause harmful interference to radio communications.
This equipment needs to be replaced soon.
This eraser in the shape of a dinosaur is really cute.
This error could cost you your life.
This escapes my jurisdiction.
This essay is about a piece of luggage.
This essay is far from perfect.
This essay is full of grammatical errors and typos.
This essay is full of mistakes.
This essay is mine.
This essay is much too long. You have to condense it by getting rid of all the fluff.
This essay is my own.
This essay is progressing a little bit slowly.
This essay is too long.
This essay is too short.
This essay is very well written.
This essay shows a great improvement.
This essay will now examine the effects of communism on Indonesia's attitude towards atheism.
This essentially changes nothing.
This establishment attracts a clientele of both tourists and businessmen.
This estimate should be pretty accurate.
This ethnic dish is arranged in a Japanese style.
This evening I am going to Tom’s place.
This evening I have seen Jupiter accompanied by three fixed stars, totally invisible by their smallness. . . . The planets are seen very rotund, like little full moons.
This evening I will give my friend a hand in the kitchen.
This evening I will watch a show with my mom.
This evening I'd stay at home.
This evening I’d stay at home.
This evening is the only time I can do that.
This evening we are going to dine at Mary's house.
This evening we can meet in the cocktail lounge of the hotel.
This evening we will go to church.
This evening we'll go home.
This evening we're going over to Tom's house for dinner.
This evening we’ll go home.
This evening's choir practice is cancelled.
This evening's moon is fantastic.
This evening, I am going to eat with my best friend.
This evening, I am leaving Tokyo for Osaka.
This evening, I'll attend the nuptials of my youth companion.
This evening, the Oscars will be handed out.
This evening, the sun will set at three minutes past six.
This evening, until 8pm, there will be a partial lunar eclipse over a large area of Japan. Since 98% of the Moon's diameter will be hidden, it will seem almost like a total lunar eclipse. This is the first deep partial eclipse in Japan in 140 years. Don't miss it!
This evening, we want you really excited!
This evening, you're going to learn something about Islam.
This event benefits no one.
This event can be called a new landmark of cooperation in information exchange between China and Kazakhstan.
This event happened to Elias back when he was forty.
This event has completely reoriented Yanni's life focus.
This event has ended.
This event has touched me.
This event is girls-only.
This event is open to the public.
This event is organised by Tom.
This event isn't open to the public.
This event offers a variety of entertainment.
This event offers various items of entertainment.
This event rocked Dan to his core.
This event suddenly happened on its own.
This event took place five years ago.
This event was good publicity for the company.
This event was lame.
This event will go down in history.
This event, also called commencement, is where schools recognize the students who successfully completed their degree programs.
This evidence is irrefutable.
This evidence revealed him to be an embezzler.
This evidence was against him.
This evil custom must be abolished.
This evolved into a war.
This ewe is part Awassi.
This exam is difficult, so let's cross our fingers!
This exam is difficult, so let’s cross our fingers!
This exam is not so difficult.
This exam is very easy.
This exam was worse than the other one.
This example is a little more complex.
This example is even more telling.
This example sentence was deleted.
This example text is a how-to-write sample, so please add to and delete from it as required before using.
This excitement may not last.
This exercise is easy enough for me to do without help.
This exercise is good for the lower back.
This exercise is simpler than I thought.
This expedition will be expensive.
This expense is unavoidable.
This experience changed Leonid's perspective of camping.
This experience counts for much in his life.
This experience has been ingrained in my mind.
This experience has changed me.
This experience taught me a valuable life lesson.
This experience taught me an important life lesson.
This experience totally overturned his view of things.
This experience traumatized him.
This experience was scary, but it didn't scare me into never camping again.
This experience will always remain in my memory.
This experience will be invaluable as a way of improving the way I study English.
This experience will do you good in the long run.
This experiment is worth trying.
This experiment should answer that question.
This experiment was carried out by Stanley Miller in 1953.
This experiment was unsuccessful.
This expired months ago.
This explains everything!
This explains everything.
This explains it without a doubt.
This explains so much about me.
This explanation doesn't mean anything!
This explanation doesn’t mean anything!
This explanation sounds confusing.
This exploitation needs to stop.
This expression gets translated.
This expression has really caught my fancy, as a type of English metaphorical expression not in Japanese.
This expression is archaic.
This expression is very Chinese.
This expression might come in handy.
This expression originates from traditional Kabyle.
This expressway connects Tokyo with Nagoya.
This extension cord is too short.
This extension lead is too short.
This extension lets you automatically block Twitter Blue subscribers.
This extension purported to warn users about questionable websites.
This extraordinary increase is explained by the speedy economic unification which took place during the same period.
This extraterrestrial tree is blue.
This eye defect can be corrected by surgery.
This eyeshadow looks spectacular on me, doesn't it?
This fabric has a tight weave.
This fabric is easy to iron.
This fabric is impermeable to water.
This fabric is made of cotton.
This fabric is soft.
This fabric is very soft.
This fabric is water-resistant.
This fabric softener makes towels feel soft.
This fabric stains easily.
This fabric wears well.
This fact accounts for his ignorance.
This fact bears witness to his innocence.
This fact can't be disputed.
This fact cannot be denied.
This fact didn't really surprise Ziri.
This fact is all but unknown to them.
This fact is incontestable.
This fact is incontrovertible.
This fact is indisputable.
This fact is of little consequence.
This fact is quite intriguing.
This fact is undeniable.
This fact justifies her ignorance.
This fact justifies his ignorance.
This fact must not be forgotten.
This fact proves her innocence.
This fact proves his innocence.
This fact shows that he is honest.
This fact shows that he is innocent.
This fact shows that the earth goes round the sun.
This fact shows us that he is innocent.
This fact was not known until now.
This factory also operates at night.
This factory can turn out 200 cars a day.
This factory is almost completely automated.
This factory is almost fully automated.
This factory is fully-automated.
This factory is threatened with closure.
This factory is to be shut down.
This factory makes car parts.
This factory makes toys.
This factory manufactures CD players.
This factory manufactures automobile parts.
This factory manufactures electric stoves.
This factory manufactures toys.
This factory may be shutting down soon.
This factory needs to be shut down.
This factory produces 500 automobiles a day.
This factory produces CD players.
This factory produces toys.
This factory uses an integrated manufacturing system standardized from parts on through to finished products.
This factory's productive capacity is 250 cars a week.
This factory’s productive capacity is 250 cars a week.
This failure is due to your mistake.
This failure occurred because of you.
This failure saddens me.
This failure was brought about by your own negligence.
This fair features Algeria's various regions.
This fairy could take any shape she pleased. All the day long she flew about in the form of an owl, or crept about the country like a cat; but at night she always became an old woman again.
This fairy tale is easy enough for a seven-year-old child to read.
This fairy tale is pretty easy; a 7-year-old child can read it.
This fake news story was shared over a million times on Facebook.
This fall was long and not too cold.
This family gave me a warm welcome.
This family has a five year old child.
This family has been turning out lawyers generation after generation.
This family is unbelievable.
This family paper was committed to my care by Sir Charles Baskerville, whose sudden and tragic death some three months ago created so much excitement in Devonshire.
This family-friendly big city has something for everyone.
This famous actress checked into rehab for the second time to treat her addiction.
This famous actress was also a fashion icon.
This famous conductor lives in New York.
This fanfiction does not adhere to canon.
This fantasy book is a succession of really flashy magical spells and that makes it boring instead.
This fantasy of wanting to live in poverty is a silly woman's dream.
This far-right Austrian party has also become pro-Zionist.
This farm has belonged to our family for generations.
This farm raises cows and chickens.
This farm seems to have been abandoned.
This farm was owned by the Jackson family.
This farm yields enough fruit to meet our needs.
This farm yields enough vegetables to meet our needs.
This farm's land is very fertile.
This farmer owns horses instead of a tractor.
This farmer relies on beneficial insects for pest control.
This farofa is spicy.
This fascinates me.
This fashion came from England.
This fashion has had its day.
This fast food restaurant creates a lot of waste.
This fat guy is becoming a rude person.
This fault admits of no excuse.
This fault results from my wrong decision.
This fear is understandable.
This feared she, mindful of the war beside / waged for her Argives on the Trojan plain; / nor even yet had from her memory died / the causes of her wrath, the pangs of wounded pride.
This feature is currently unavailable.
This feature is deprecated. We advise you not to use it.
This feature was already in Facebook's interface in 2014.
This feeding bottle isn't clean.
This feeling cannot be compared to anything.
This feeling is easy.
This feeling is the best.
This feeling is very easy.
This feeling makes everything seem possible.
This feels amazing.
This feels familiar.
This feels good.
This feels great!
This feels kind of desperate.
This feels like a personal attack on me.
This feels like a scam.
This feels like a turning point.
This feels like silk.
This feels like winning the lottery.
This feels quite awkward and embarrassing.
This feels right, doesn't it?
This feels right.
This feels so good!
This feels so good.
This feels so refreshing.
This feels soft and smooth.
This feels weird.
This feels wrong to me.
This feels wrong.
This fell off a truck.
This fellow is an artist!
This fellow is up to something. I can feel it in my spleen.
This fellow loses his temper frequently.
This felt pen is red.
This female archaeologist is interested in the daily life of ordinary people.
This female giraffe is the oldest in the herd.
This fence has been painted ten times already.
This fence leans to the left a little.
This festival is one of the best festivals I've ever been to.
This fetishism of the parliamentary majority represents a brutal repudiation, not only of the dictatorship of the proletariat, but of Marxism and of the revolution altogether.
This field has never been ploughed.
This field has never been plowed.
This field is fallow.
This field is full of wheat.
This field is not well cultivated.
This field is uncultivated.
This field is untamed.
This field is wild.
This field's soil is moist.
This fig is crunchy.
This fig is different from all the others.
This fig is different.
This fig is huge.
This fig is mushy on the inside.
This fig is nice and tender.
This fig is not really sweet?
This fig is pretty good.
This fig is really ripe.
This fig is really sweet.
This fig is so good.
This fig is so tasty.
This fig is squishy.
This fig is super hard.
This fig is super soft.
This fig is very mushy.
This fig is very ripe.
This fig jam has been cooking for almost an hour.
This fig jam is better than any I have had in a long time.
This fig jam is delicious.
This fig jam is really good and sweet.
This fig jam is really good.
This fig jam is runny.
This fig jam is solid.
This fig jam is thick.
This fig jam is too thick.
This fig jam isn't very spreadable.
This fig looks good.
This fig tastes amazing.
This fig tastes differently.
This fig tastes like a juicy sweet peach.
This fig tastes weird.
This fig tree is Yanni's baby.
This fight is mine.
This fight is not good for my high blood pressure!
This fighter jet is one of Russia's fastest weapons.
This fighting game is beautiful, but nobody will play it because of the atrocious input latency.
This figure is a mirror of the decrease in imports of crude oil.
This figure is obtained from the latest statistics of Bangladesh Bank.
This figure is supposed to represent Marilyn Monroe, but I don't think it does her justice.
This figure is supposed to represent Marilyn Monroe, but I don’t think it does her justice.
This file cannot be opened.
This file has been compressed.
This file is corrupted.
This file is encrypted.
This filled Yanni's dislike for his parents.
This filled me with dread.
This fills me with joy.
This film always fills me with a deep sense of melancholy.
This film develops fast.
This film gives me a kind of warm feeling, and also saddens me in a pleasant way, if that makes sense.
This film has a lot of good things going for it.
This film has won a lot of Oscars.
This film is a comedy.
This film is a cult classic.
This film is a drama.
This film is a masterpiece.
This film is a pale imitation of the original.
This film is about the importance of the balance between nature and progress.
This film is an adaptation of a novel.
This film is based on a novel.
This film is boring.
This film is classified as suitable for general exhibition.
This film is confusing me.
This film is dull: the script offers nothing but the same old same old, and the acting is more or less non-existent.
This film is for children.
This film is good, family entertainment.
This film is incredibly daft.
This film is indeed an enduring masterpiece.
This film is known the world over.
This film is one of the funniest I have ever seen, if not the funniest.
This film is one of the funniest, if not the funniest, that I have ever seen.
This film is really boring - the best bit is when it finishes.
This film is really good.
This film is terrible!
This film is terrible.
This film is unsettling.
This film is very good to watch.
This film is very interesting.
This film is very nice to look at.
This film is worth seeing many times.
This film is worth seeing.
This film is worth watching.
This film lasts ninety minutes, but we can stop halfway through and continue watching tomorrow.
This film made her popular.
This film moved audiences around the world.
This film portrays Muslims as evil people.
This film really is a timeless masterpiece.
This film studio has produced many blockbusters.
This film was as interesting as expected.
This film was broadcast in Algeria.
This film was good.
This film was praised as a completely engaging thriller that works on almost every level.
This film was shot over a period of four years in Algeria.
This film was surprisingly interesting.
This film was translated by Tom.
This film's getting too daft for me. Let's switch over, Tom.
This film's getting too silly for me. Let's switch over, Tom.
This film's own introduction as a psychological drama says it all as far as I'm concerned.
This filter turns the photos to black and white.
This financial audit also includes an evaluation of the company's assets.
This financial audit also includes an evaluation of the company’s assets.
This financial support from the state enables me to pursue educational and career opportunities.
This find has led to a great discovery.
This fire department is exclusive to this region only.
This fire has just gone out.
This fire isn’t staying.
This fire was no accident.
This fire was started by two teenagers smoking cigarettes in a shed.
This firm has a hundred employees.
This firm manufactures cars at the rate of two hundred per day.
This firm prints a lot of educational books.
This firm ranks second in the oil trade.
This first class wine puts meat on your bones and thickens your blood.
This first flyby will place Parker Solar Probe in position in early November to fly as close as 15 million miles from the Sun – within the blazing solar atmosphere, known as the corona – closer than anything made by humanity has ever gone before.
This first question is for you.
This fish bake is Mary's speciality. All the ingredients come from the garden and the river behind the house.
This fish can grow up to five meters long.
This fish can't be eaten.
This fish casserole is Mary's speciality. All the ingredients come from the garden and the river behind the house.
This fish doesn't taste good.
This fish has a bad smell.
This fish has a lot of bones.
This fish has a lot of small bones in it.
This fish has powerful jaws.
This fish is big.
This fish is bony and it is not easy to bone it.
This fish is delicious.
This fish is done.
This fish is free from poison.
This fish is fresh and right out of the river.
This fish is full of bones; don't eat it.
This fish is good.
This fish is in a river. Another fish is in a lake.
This fish is in a river. Another fish is in the sea.
This fish is inexpensive but nourishing.
This fish is not edible.
This fish is not fit to eat.
This fish is not toxic.
This fish is unfit to eat.
This fish isn't edible.
This fish isn't fit to eat.
This fish isn't fresh.
This fish lives in clear water.
This fish lives in shallow waters.
This fish lives in the lake.
This fish smells awful.
This fish smells bad.
This fish stinks.
This fish tastes better cooked.
This fishbowl life is all I need.
This fisheries biologist learned lots of things in graduate school, but how to get a newly-captured seabird to barf in a bucket was not one of them.
This fishpond is full of fish.
This fits in much better.
This fits like a glove.
This fits like a mitten, not a glove, because it is a mitten.
This fits perfectly.
This flag is a racist symbol.
This flag is very beautiful.
This flag is very pretty.
This flag is yellow.
This flashlight is getting dim.
This flashlight needs two batteries.
This flashlight takes two batteries.
This flat is bigger than all the others in the building.
This flat is for long-term rent.
This flat is on the second floor.
This flat is really dear.
This flat is small for us four.
This flat is very expensive.
This flat reminds me of home.
This flight is full.
This flight makes a stop in Boston.
This floor is so clean that you could eat off of it.
This floor is so clean you could eat off of it.
This floor is uneven.
This floor needs a good scrubbing.
This floor wax also makes a good dip.
This floral arrangement is beautiful.
This floral arrangement is lovely.
This flour is made from Algerian wheat.
This flow of Arctic air will determine our weather in the coming days.
This flower gives off a strong fragrance.
This flower gives off a sweet fragrance.
This flower gives off a wonderful fragrance.
This flower has a delicate fragrance.
This flower has a scent all its own.
This flower has a strong scent, can you smell it?
This flower has a sweet scent.
This flower has a very nice fragrance, and a beautiful color, as well.
This flower heralds spring.
This flower is a kind of rose.
This flower is a type of rose.
This flower is as beautiful as any in the garden.
This flower is as beautiful as that one.
This flower is beautiful, don't you think?
This flower is beautiful, isn't it?
This flower is beautiful, isn’t it?
This flower is beautiful.
This flower is black.
This flower is blue.
This flower is brown.
This flower is called a lily in English.
This flower is found in different parts of Hokkaido.
This flower is gray.
This flower is green.
This flower is grey.
This flower is more beautiful than that one.
This flower is more beautiful than that rose.
This flower is orange.
This flower is pink.
This flower is pretty, isn't it?
This flower is purple.
This flower is red.
This flower is the most beautiful in the garden.
This flower is the most beautiful of all flowers.
This flower is the most beautiful of all.
This flower is the most beautiful.
This flower is very beautiful.
This flower is violet in color.
This flower is white.
This flower is yellow and all the other flowers are blue.
This flower is yellow and the others are blue.
This flower is yellow, and all the others are blue.
This flower is yellow, but all the others are blue.
This flower is yellow.
This flower makes the room!
This flower only grows here.
This flower smells beautiful.
This flower smells nice.
This flower smells so nice.
This flower smells sweet.
This flower smells very nice.
This flower spreads its petals at night.
This flower's stem is too long for the vase you chose.
This flower's stem is too long for the vase you've chosen.
This flub still haunts me today.
This fluid can be substituted for glue.
This flung him into a passion.
This fluorescent lamp is starting to flicker. We'll have to replace it.
This fluorescent lamp is starting to flicker. We’ll have to replace it.
This fly is annoying me.
This fly is black.
This fly is completely harmless.
This focaccia is tasty and crumbly.
This fold-up umbrella is really small and light, so it's easy to carry around. It's a little pricey, but I think I'll get it.
This font is hard to read.
This food additive is toxic.
This food called BLT; what's in it?
This food called BLT; what’s in it?
This food contains all the minerals without which our bodies would not function.
This food does not agree with me.
This food doesn't agree with me.
This food doesn't have any shrimp in it.
This food doesn't taste good at all.
This food has a really nice taste.
This food is also halal.
This food is awful.
This food is both nutritious and delicious.
This food is crunchy.
This food is delicious.
This food is delicious. Where did you learn to cook so well?
This food is delicious. Where did you learn to cook that well?
This food is enough for three people.
This food is enough for two.
This food is enough to feed two people.
This food is excellent.
This food is expired.
This food is gluten-free.
This food is halal.
This food is loaded with preservatives.
This food is past its expiration date.
This food is perfect for a convalescent.
This food is raw.
This food is really spicy, but that's great, I love spicy food.
This food is starting to go sour.
This food is terrible.
This food is too salty.
This food is too spicy for me.
This food is unhealthy.
This food is unhygienic.
This food is very nutritious.
This food is very sweet.
This food is without pork and halal.
This food isn't very nutritious.
This food really isn't all that bad.
This food reminds me of home.
This food smells rotten.
This food truly is tasty.
This food will just go to waste if you don't take it home with you.
This food will keep for a week in an airtight container.
This food won't last us a week.
This food's not nourishing enough.
This food's really not all that bad.
This football team's socks are green and white.
This forced her to consider an uncomfortable possibility -- that maybe her father and his music were, in fact, cool.
This foreign company has been operating in Algeria since 2001.
This forest could be haunted.
This forest fire was naturally caused.
This forest goes on for a while.
This forest is a nature reserve.
This forest is dangerous.
This forest is dying.
This forest is full of diversity.
This forest is haunted.
This forest is our home.
This forest is quiet and peaceful.
This forest is very dangerous.
This forest is very dense.
This forest must be protected.
This forest needs our protection.
This fork has four tines.
This fork is dirty.
This fork is made of plastic.
This fork is made of pure silver.
This fork isn't clean.
This form looks complicated. Help me fill it in.
This form looks kind of complicated. Help me fill it out.
This form must be filled out in triplicate.
This form of automation began with the arrival of the computer.
This formalizes the arrangement that we had talked about.
This former child actor later became a drug addict.
This formula is recited to the Maharaj with peculiar solemnity by each male as he comes of age and is admitted as a full member of the sect.
This formula is the basis of the theory.
This fortress has seen better times.
This forum has a very hands-off admin.
This forum is a free service, and one gets edutainment out of it.
This forum is great.
This forum is marvellous.
This forum stands as a testament to the power of dialogue, transparency, and global cooperation in an ever-evolving media landscape.
This fossil is over 30 million years old.
This foundation course is necessary before taking the other courses in the subject.
This fountain is one of the city's most famous landmarks.
This fountain pen is as good as any I have ever used.
This fountain was built in the 18th century.
This four person tent is perfect for two.
This four-star hotel boasts a varied selection of rooms.
This fraction can be reduced.
This frame accentuates the value of the painting.
This frame emphasises the value of the painting.
This frame shows the painting to good advantage.
This fraud impersonated a doctor.
This freaked Ziri out.
This freaked me out.
This free flow of information eventually led to a free press in many parts of the world. But because information is so powerful, many world leaders have tried to stop it.
This freeway leads straight to Kabylie.
This fresh produce comes from Algeria.
This fresh raw fish is delicious.
This fridge comes with an ice-maker.
This fridge has a deep-freeze compartment.
This fridge has got a deep-freeze compartment.
This fridge is only 24 inches wide. It's perfect for small apartments.
This fridge weighs a ton.
This fried egg tastes like a sheet of rubber.
This fried food is too greasy.
This frog has webbed feet.
This frog is getting fatter and fatter.
This frog is getting thicker! Does it have growing eggs inside?
This from Hugo Baskerville to his sons Rodger and John, with instructions that they say nothing thereof to their sister Elizabeth.
This fruit can be eaten.
This fruit comes from Australia.
This fruit contains one single seed.
This fruit doesn't taste good.
This fruit has a bad taste.
This fruit has a sweet taste.
This fruit has an unpleasant smell.
This fruit has not matured enough to be picked.
This fruit is better than that one!
This fruit is delicious.
This fruit is edible.
This fruit is immensely hard.
This fruit is imported from Algeria.
This fruit is like an orange in form and a pineapple in taste.
This fruit is moldy.
This fruit is not yet ripe enough to pick.
This fruit is shaped like an orange and tastes like a pineapple.
This fruit is small and sweet.
This fruit is still too sour to eat.
This fruit is very sour.
This fruit isn't for you.
This fruit isn't ripe enough to pick yet.
This fruit isn't yet ripe enough to pick.
This fruit juice tastes sour.
This fruit looks like an orange and tastes like a pineapple.
This fruit smells nasty.
This fruit stinks.
This fruit tastes bad.
This fruit will help you stay hydrated.
This fruit's not ripe enough to pick yet.
This fruit, maiden, was produced and cherished by the Hours; Phoebus matured it with his beams, and Fortune has preserved it.
This frustrated Santiago.
This fucking traffic is killing me!
This function takes a string and either returns an integer or throws an exception.
This function takes two parameters, the first one is the title of the window, the second one will be the title of the icon.
This fundamental conviction is summarized in a poem by my compatriot Robert Burns: "A Man's a Man for a' that".
This fungus can control its own growth.
This fungus died from a root disease.
This fungus infects trees.
This fungus is humongous.
This fungus is important for cheese production.
This fungus lives in tropical forests.
This fungus maintains its biomass under the soil.
This funny story happened to him.
This funny-looking car must be British.
This furniture belongs to my mom.
This furniture belongs to my mother.
This furniture belongs to us.
This furniture cost us a lot.
This furniture is as old as I am.
This furniture is as old as me.
This furniture is my husband's.
This furniture is stolen.
This furniture is superior beyond comparison.
This furniture store is aptly-named.
This furniture was expensive.
This furniture was in my apartment when I moved in.
This furniture's in the way.
This further complicates the problem.
This further proof that the chairman of the board is a few croutons short of a salad.
This gadget is light years ahead of any other.
This game brings back memories.
This game came out yesterday.
This game can be fun.
This game can be played by two or three people.
This game can be played by young children.
This game clearly hasn't been playtested.
This game design specialist classifies board games by the number of player pieces.
This game gets more unsettling as it gets more realistic.
This game got rigged.
This game has a beautiful overworld.
This game has a hunger mechanic: if you don't eat often, your character will die.
This game has a steampunk setting, so expect to wear top hats and smoking jackets.
This game has a story-driven quality, making it feel like you are reading a novel.
This game has an automatic cover system. Just run up to a suitably high object and your character will take cover behind it automatically.
This game has no boss fights, but each combat encounter is very difficult nonetheless.
This game has no sniper rifles, so you can't snipe in it.
This game has no widescreen support.
This game has ridiculous breast physics.
This game has unskippable cutscenes.
This game has you battle against hordes of evil stoats.
This game is a lot of fun.
This game is a must-have.
This game is a work of fiction.
This game is addictive.
This game is based on a novel.
This game is basically designed for use with keyboard and gamepad but configuration can only be done by mouse.
This game is boring.
This game is complicated.
This game is designed for two players.
This game is easy.
This game is fixed.
This game is for boys, not girls.
This game is fun.
This game is going to make me angry!
This game is great!
This game is interesting.
This game is not bad.
This game is now more popular than ever.
This game is played differently in Australia.
This game is really boring.
This game is really complicated.
This game is really fun.
This game is really old-school.
This game is sick! I've been a fan of the company for...ever.
This game is sick! I’ve been a fan of the company for...ever.
This game is similar in some ways to today's American football.
This game is similar in some ways to today’s American football.
This game is so boring that it has never been played to the end.
This game is so hard, even the bots are kicking my ass.
This game is so hard.
This game is so noisy.
This game is so nostalgic.
This game is spectacular!
This game is taking too long to download.
This game is too harsh for me.
This game is truly awful. In fact, I'd go as far as to say that it's the worst game ever created.
This game is very addictive.
This game is very entertaining.
This game is very fun.
This game is very old.
This game isn't in stock.
This game only has one rule: kill or be killed.
This game requires a pair of dice.
This game requires more skill than luck.
This game seems a bit dangerous.
This game supports co-op multiplayer.
This game supports co-op.
This game supports resolutions of only up to 1920 x 1080 pixels.
This game used to be popular.
This game used to be very popular.
This game was created using the Unity engine.
This game was popular.
This game was put off.
This game will keep your children entertained.
This game won't work with onboard graphics.
This game's setting has been described as cyberpunk, but I disagree.
This garbage bag is free of any harmful chemicals.
This garbage really stinks.
This garden centre has a cozy café.
This garden is at its best in summer.
This garden is beautiful.
This garden is lovely.
This garden is open to the public and it's free.
This garden is open to the public.
This garden isn't open to the public.
This garden isn't usually open to visitors.
This garden used to be beautiful.
This garment is exchangeable within three days.
This garment should be washed by hand.
This gas gives off a bad smell.
This gas is less polluting.
This gas stinks.
This gate allows access to the garden.
This gate needs painting.
This gate needs to be painted.
This gave Sami the relief that he needed.
This gave Ziri more confidence.
This gave her a bit of a boost.
This gave his enemies, the allied forces of Great Britain, Germany and the Netherlands, enough time to regroup and develop a battle plan that would defeat one of the most brilliant military leaders in history.
This gave rise to a riot.
This gazebo faces Yanni's house.
This gazelle is beautiful.
This gazelle is very dead.
This gel is highly effective.
This general course aims at improving your overall Arabic.
This general rule refers only to children.
This generation has been conditioned to be able to order everything through a small screen.
This generation of online daters, far more native to the Internet, are a lot less awkward than the first generation.
This generosity unites people, fostering goodwill and cooperation.
This generous offer may be a mere pose.
This gentleman asks interesting questions.
This gentleman is an acquaintance of mine.
This gentleman is paying for everything.
This gentleman is paying.
This gesture is familiar to young people.
This gesture is worth more than a thousand words.
This ghost photo is well made, but it's just a composite.
This giant table occupies the entire room.
This gift basket comes from Kabylie.
This gift is for my friend.
This gift is for you.
This gift is from Tom and me.
This gift is from Tom.
This gift is from her.
This gift is from him.
This gift is from me.
This gift is from them.
This gift is from us.
This gift isn't from Tom.
This gifted young violinist is from Algeria.
This giraffe and her calf chose the wrong moment to go for a drink.
This giraffe calf is only a few weeks old.
This giraffe carcass has found many mouths.
This giraffe carcass was downed by lions.
This giraffe cow got impregnated in April.
This giraffe cow is pregnant.
This giraffe delivered a calf in early April.
This giraffe has a debilitating illness.
This giraffe has a lighter coat.
This giraffe has a satellite-tracking collar.
This giraffe has a skin disease.
This giraffe has a transmitter.
This giraffe has already give birth.
This giraffe has not drunk in four days.
This giraffe herd has fourteen individuals.
This giraffe is a first-time mother.
This giraffe is desperately hungry.
This giraffe is desperately thirsty.
This giraffe is healthy.
This giraffe is looking strong and healthy.
This giraffe is much bigger and stronger.
This giraffe is sick.
This giraffe was born in captivity.
This giraffe was born in the wild.
This giraffe weighs a ton.
This giraffe's calf is almost a year old.
This giraffe's home is in Namibia, in southwest Africa.
This girl I wouldn't take to the altar, at best to the hotel...
This girl I wouldn’t take to the altar, at best to the hotel...
This girl changed her look.
This girl comes from Japan.
This girl doesn't have a mother.
This girl doesn't live in Algiers.
This girl fell in love with Ṭum.
This girl goes to school.
This girl has a good character.
This girl has a pretty face. My heart melts from looking at it.
This girl has became boring because she is constantly singing.
This girl has become a nightmare for me.
This girl has become a woman.
This girl has no mother.
This girl has special powers.
This girl has talent, right?
This girl has very good judgment.
This girl is Mary.
This girl is Tom's granddaughter.
This girl is a loser.
This girl is afraid of dogs.
This girl is almost always with him.
This girl is always smiling, but she's not happy.
This girl is always smiling, but she’s not happy.
This girl is always spaced out.
This girl is amazing.
This girl is awful.
This girl is crazy.
This girl is cute.
This girl is driving me crazy.
This girl is from Japan.
This girl is incredibly hot.
This girl is kind.
This girl is lovely.
This girl is much stronger than him.
This girl is my blood.
This girl is my daughter.
This girl is my flesh.
This girl is my girlfriend.
This girl is my own flesh and blood.
This girl is my sister.
This girl is nice.
This girl is not ashamed of anything.
This girl is not that girl.
This girl is really hot.
This girl is still in elementary school, yet she has a wine-tasting master license. I didn't know one could get qualified without even drinking alcohol.
This girl is the flower of the school.
This girl is the most intelligent.
This girl is very awful.
This girl is wearing a burkini.
This girl is well-educated.
This girl is with me.
This girl looks boyish.
This girl looks like a boy.
This girl pretends to know French.
This girl seems to be sad.
This girl sings pretty well.
This girl speaks English and German.
This girl was always good and dutiful.
This girl's aunt works at our place.
This girl's eyes are blue.
This girl's hair had the red hue of the setting sun.
This girl's hair has the red hue of the setting sun.
This gives Algiers a new whole look.
This gives me an idea.
This gives me goosebumps.
This gives me great pleasure.
This gives me hope for the future.
This gives me renewed hopes.
This gives me the strength to go on.
This gives the subconscious mind a chance to mull over the original problem.
This gladiolus is perennial: it flowers every year without needing any special attention.
This glass contains water.
This glass is brittle.
This glass is broken.
This glass is clean.
This glass is dirty.
This glass is empty.
This glass is transparent red.
This glass isn't mine.
This glass of beer is almost bigger than you.
This glistening little tulpa is a four-dimensional creature. The crown of his head is my biological mother squeezing me out, and the tips of his toes will be the death of me. We are about a quarter past his nipples at the moment. Tubular, man!
This global company follows GAAP.
This global company follows generally accepted accounting principles.
This globe is really unvast compared to the enormity of the universe. Feminine persons should adjust their mental viewpoint accordingly.
This glorifying language elides the horrors of war.
This glossary formalizes the terms that had previously been used casually.
This glue does not adhere to plastic.
This goat isn't hard to milk.
This goat was killed as a tribute to God.
This goat was offered up as a holy sacrifice to God.
This goat was put to death as a sign of respect for God.
This goat was sacrificed to honor God.
This goblet is made of gold.
This god is cruel, nervous, and diabolic, with yellow wrinkly skin, small squinty eyes, a triangular nose, and bright teeth.
This godmother of hers, who was a fairy, said to her, "You wish that you could go to the ball; is it not so?" "Yes," cried Cinderella, with a great sigh.
This goes against Islam.
This goes against my principles.
This goes back centuries in Algeria.
This goes beyond my expectations.
This goes too far.
This gold Rolex is an expensive watch alien to my lifestyle.
This gold is mine.
This gold watch is the apple of my eye. Mother gave it to me as a keep-sake in her later years.
This gold-inlaid sword is a family heirloom.
This golf course is not open to non-members.
This golf course isn't open to non-members.
This good smell reminds me of my wife.
This good weather won't last.
This good woman had never heard of the King's orders against spindles.
This gorgeous mosque is a landmark in Algiers.
This got dark really fast.
This got him thinking.
This got many people angry.
This government is corrupt.
This government is racist against Kabyles.
This government is really putting the clock back.
This government should resign.
This gradual rise is not a sharp upturn.
This grain is grown in Algeria.
This grammar book is very good.
This grammar is designed to function in conjunction with the international vocabulary contained in the Interlingua-English Dictionary.
This grammar of the international language is recommended as a convenient system to operate the vocabulary of the Interlingua-English Dictionary.
This grammatical construction is archaic.
This grammatical construction is no longer in use.
This grants Algeria political leverage in the region.
This grape is succulent.
This grape juice looks beautiful.
This graph breaks down the different costs involved in producing the iPad.
This graph is misleading.
This graph shows the CO2 emissions by country.
This grass is too wet to sit on.
This grass needs cutting.
This grass needs to be cut.
This gravy is too salty.
This gravy is very thick.
This great feat needs a commensurable prize.
This great feat needs a commensurate prize.
This great helm weighs quite a bit.
This great land was entirely different from any other place in the world. Its population, large though it was, was composed wholly of boys. The oldest were about fourteen years of age, the youngest, eight.
This green color always reminds me of mint ice cream.
This greeting can be used at any time of day.
This grizzly bear is twenty five years old.
This grizzly bear weighs half a ton.
This grocery store only sells organic food.
This ground belongs to the school.
This ground-breaking work combined jazz, rock, folk, and world music elements.
This group is against everybody who has a different opinion.
This group is considered a terrorist organization by the Algerian government.
This group is smart.
This group is very weak because no one interacts with people.
This group of musicians from the Andes mountain region of Chile and Peru calls itself Wayno. They play the traditional music of the Andes, using age-old instruments like wooden flutes, guitars, and bells. A variety of musicians, dancers and mimes regularly perform in the subways, playing for tips that help them earn a living while practicing their art.
This group only has one admin, and she's away for a week.
This group passes out information on such things as travel and health care, and encourages its members to vote on issues that affect this age group such as legislation regulating the insurance industry, medical care and housing.
This group will run.
This group will study.
This group will work.
This grove is sacred.
This growth ought to be removed immediately.
This guarantees me par.
This guard is very strong.
This guide book is about the city of São Paulo.
This guide book will help you to make plans for the trip.
This guide is quite simple because the speaker speaks clearly and with simple words.
This guide will give you all the answers.
This guidebook is handy to take on a trip abroad.
This guidebook is the only one I found to be really useful out of all the ones recommended to me.
This guidebook might be of use to you on your trip.
This guidebook might be useful on your trip.
This guitar belongs to Tom.
This guitar belongs to her.
This guitar belongs to him.
This guitar belongs to me.
This guitar belongs to them.
This guitar doesn't sound very good.
This guitar has one broken string.
This guitar is a good one.
This guitar is missing a string.
This guitar is so expensive that I can't afford to buy it.
This guitar is so expensive that I can't buy it.
This guitar is so expensive that I can’t afford to buy it.
This guitar is so expensive that I can’t buy it.
This guitar is unplayable.
This guitar is very special to me.
This guitar originally belonged to Tom.
This gun doesn't belong to me.
This gun has a range of 300 meters.
This gun is huge, I can't handle it properly.
This gun is out of bullets.
This gun is reportedly very powerful.
This gun isn't loaded.
This gun smells like it's been fired recently.
This gun was used to kill Tom.
This guy can do amazing things.
This guy cut Tom off, and Tom gave him the finger.
This guy deserves a medal.
This guy doesn't know what he's in for.
This guy doesn't realize what he's getting into.
This guy gets upset a lot.
This guy has a knack for music.
This guy has fast hands so you better beware.
This guy has tried to kill me.
This guy is a bandit.
This guy is a crook.
This guy is a loser.
This guy is a lunatic.
This guy is a real jokester.
This guy is absolutely hot.
This guy is after Sami.
This guy is an absolute genius.
This guy is an enigma.
This guy is an outlaw.
This guy is completely unqualified for this job, and I have no idea how he managed to get it.
This guy is dead.
This guy is disgusting.
This guy is great.
This guy is gross.
This guy is quick in seducing women so you better beware.
This guy is really cute.
This guy is really hot.
This guy is really wishy-washy. He couldn't make a decision to save his life.
This guy is really wishy-washy. He couldn’t make a decision to save his life.
This guy is screaming at me.
This guy is sending out a good message for future generations.
This guy is so lazy!
This guy is such an idiot that when he dies we'll have to preserve him in formol.
This guy isn't funny at all.
This guy knows my whole life.
This guy laughs so much.
This guy looks like a fox.
This guy must be thirsty, he's gulping it down like crazy.
This guy needs oxygen.
This guy needs to stop judging others and keep his opinions to himself.
This guy says that he can fix what five mechanics can't.
This guy sings well.
This guy sitting next to me on the train stinks!
This guy waits in line at movie theatres just so he can blurt out spoilers.
This guy wants to be the boss.
This guy was becoming impossible.
This guy was becoming unbearable.
This guy's always asking his parents for money.
This guy's crazy.
This guy's dangerous.
This guy's good.
This guy's got a heart of gold.
This guy's great at pitching curveballs.
This guy's photos truly have a touch of genius to them.
This guy's tough.
This guy’s great at pitching curveballs.
This gym has a climbing wall.
This gym is like an ice box, right? It's so cold I feel as if I'm going to freeze to death.
This gymnast's floor routine was very impressive.
This had a deep impact on Algeria.
This had been done without her advice being asked, and must perforce be disapproved.
This had better be good.
This had better be important.
This had better not be some kind of prank.
This had better work.
This had happened to Tom before.
This had never happened to Tom before.
This had some unintended consequences for Algeria.
This had the opposite of its intended effect.
This hairstyle was popular in the 1980s.
This hairstyle was popular in the 1990s.
This hairstyle was popular in the eighties.
This hairstyle was popular in the nineties.
This hairstyle was popularized by Audrey Hepburn.
This half-finished bridge is in Algiers.
This half-year was very successful.
This hall can hold 5,000 people.
This hall contains two thousand people.
This hall holds 2,000 people.
This hall holds a maximum of 1,000 people.
This hall holds two thousand people.
This hall is capable of holding 2,000 people.
This hall is very big.
This hall isn't a movie theater, but you can project a movie in here.
This hall was full of people.
This hall will hold two thousand people.
This hallway keeps narrowing as I go farther and farther in.
This hamburger doesn't look anything like the picture on the menu.
This hamburger is better than those of that shop.
This hamburger is inexpensive for a Japanese hamburger.
This hammer is a good measuring stick.
This hamster is small enough to carry in your pocket.
This hand painted porcelain squirrel figurine is a family heirloom.
This hand-cranked flashlight contains a dynamo which generates DC to charge the battery.
This handbag goes perfectly with my checkered jacket.
This handbag is dear.
This handbag is expensive.
This handbag is made of paper.
This handbag is mine.
This handbag is very expensive.
This handbag will go perfectly with my checkered jacket.
This handkerchief didn't wash clean.
This handkerchief didn’t wash clean.
This handkerchief is made of paper.
This handle just won't turn.
This handle will not turn.
This handmade Italian-made titanium bicycle is terribly light.
This handsome guy is your father!?
This handwriting is illegible.
This happened a few days ago.
This happened a few months ago.
This happened a few summers ago.
This happened a few times in the past.
This happened a few years ago.
This happened a long time ago.
This happened a lot.
This happened a million years ago.
This happened a while back.
This happened after I came back from Kabylie, Algeria.
This happened almost five weeks ago.
This happened almost five years ago now.
This happened around four years ago.
This happened around the time Ziri was fourteen years old.
This happened at around eleven pm one night.
This happened at around five in the morning.
This happened at the end of the school year.
This happened at three o'clock in the morning.
This happened back in 2004.
This happened back in the late forties.
This happened back when Flavio was a kid.
This happened back when Flavio was in high school.
This happened because of you.
This happened before I got your letter.
This happened before I received your letter.
This happened before.
This happened decades ago.
This happened during lunch.
This happened every autumn.
This happened every fall.
This happened every single day.
This happened every spring.
This happened every summer.
This happened every winter.
This happened every year in autumn.
This happened for a reason.
This happened four years ago.
This happened in 2019, a week before Yennayer.
This happened in April of 2004.
This happened in April of this year.
This happened in Berber class.
This happened in January last year.
This happened in Kabyle, Algeria, around three months ago.
This happened in Kabylie, Algeria, back in the 1990's.
This happened in Kabylie, Algeria.
This happened in October.
This happened in autumn. Light gray clouds covered the sky.
This happened in school about five or six years ago.
This happened in the early 1940s in Algeria.
This happened in the heart of Algiers.
This happened in the late summer of 2004.
This happened in the middle of the day.
This happened in the northern region of Bejaia, Algeria.
This happened in the summer.
This happened just a few months ago.
This happened just yesterday.
This happened last October, close to Halloween.
This happened last week in Boston, too.
This happened last year in Kabyle, Algeria.
This happened many years ago, when Flavio was a kid.
This happened many years ago.
This happened more than three days ago.
This happened more than two years ago.
This happened much to the benefit of Algeria.
This happened nearly forty years ago.
This happened often in the fall.
This happened often in the spring.
This happened often in the summer.
This happened often in the winter.
This happened often in winter.
This happened on Christmas.
This happened on a camping trip.
This happened on a dark long night in the forties.
This happened on a late summer late.
This happened on a train.
This happened on campus.
This happened only a few hours ago.
This happened prior to receiving your letter.
This happened probably four years ago on a sunny afternoon.
This happened purely by accident.
This happened quite a few years back.
This happened quite some time ago.
This happened recently.
This happened several times.
This happened somewhere in Kabylie.
This happened the day before Yennayer.
This happened to Claudio and his brother five months ago.
This happened to Elias when he was forty years old.
This happened to Felix during his senior year in high school.
This happened to Felix in 2004 in Bejaia, Algeria.
This happened to Janos about a year ago.
This happened to Layla.
This happened to Matthew when he was a child.
This happened to Yanni about four years ago.
This happened to Yanni almost four years ago.
This happened to Yanni in 2004.
This happened to Yanni while he was living in Algiers.
This happened to Yanni.
This happened to Ziri a long time ago.
This happened to Ziri in 2004.
This happened to Ziri very recently.
This happened to Ziri when he was a teenager.
This happened to Ziri when he was fourteen years old.
This happened to Ziri's friend.
This happened to Ziri.
This happened to a young lady in Kabylie.
This happened to me about a year ago.
This happened to me in my home country, in Algeria.
This happened to me six weeks ago.
This happened to me too!
This happened to me too.
This happened to me when I was living in Algeria.
This happened to me.
This happened to us, too.
This happened under my nose.
This happened when Boldi went to kindergarten.
This happened when Dmitri's parents were still dating.
This happened when Gunter was really little.
This happened when I was a kid.
This happened when I was fourteen.
This happened when I was fourteen. I'm forty now.
This happened when he was fourteen.
This happened while Ziri was working.
This happened with the endorsement of Algeria.
This happened years ago.
This happened.
This happens a lot.
This happens all the time to Ziri.
This happens all the time.
This happens all too often.
This happens every day.
This happens every once in a while.
This happens every spring.
This happens every time Tom goes away.
This happens every time.
This happens from time to time.
This happens if aliens know more about us than we do of them.
This happens in Australia, too.
This happens in every other country, including Algeria.
This happens more often than you might think.
This happens more than two times per week.
This happens more than was previously thought.
This happens multiple times a week.
This happens often and you have to accept that.
This happens quite often.
This happens rarely.
This happens to be mine.
This happens to everyone.
This happens to me all the time.
This happens to me as well.
This happens to me because I'm pregnant.
This happens to me every time.
This happens to me too!
This happens to us all the time.
This happens to you all the time, doesn't it?
This happens too often.
This happens very often.
This happens way too often.
This hard work has made me very tired.
This hardly makes any sense.
This hardly seems newsworthy.
This harmless protein, acting like a decoy, attaches itself to the GAS6 protein within the bloodstream and keeps the harmful AXL protein from being activated.
This harms you and your career.
This harness needs some repairing.
This harness needs to be repaired.
This harsh job is slowly eating away at my own mental health.
This has a fair price.
This has a lot of economic implications in Algeria.
This has a negative impact on the health of Ziri's dog.
This has a noticeable effect on energy consumption.
This has a unique odor.
This has a unique smell.
This has a very strong flavor.
This has absolutely been the best New Year's of my life!
This has affected me my whole life.
This has affected my confidence in society.
This has all been a mistake.
This has all been a misunderstanding.
This has all been done before.
This has all changed.
This has all happened before.
This has allowed snow leopards to hunt markhor instead of descending to relatively low altitude villages to attack precious livestock and being killed in retaliation by angry villagers.
This has already been going on for hours.
This has already been happening for a few months.
This has already been happening for many years.
This has already been happening for several decades.
This has already happened once before.
This has also helped her son rise in the entertainment industry as an actor.
This has always been Janos's dream.
This has always been a problem.
This has always played a great part in my life.
This has an interesting aftertaste.
This has become a part of my daily life.
This has become a yearly tradition.
This has become the new norm.
This has been a big problem for us.
This has been a blessing.
This has been a good day, right?
This has been a great place to live.
This has been a known issue.
This has been a long time coming.
This has been a long week.
This has been a messed up scenario all around.
This has been a paradox, but now the time gives it proof.
This has been a pretty bad year for our company.
This has been a really bad Halloween.
This has been a really boring Halloween.
This has been a really fun Halloween.
This has been a time of dramatic transformation, and you have risen to every new challenge. You have made our social fabric stronger, our families healthier and safer, our people more prosperous. You, the American people, have made our passage into the global information age an era of great American renewal.
This has been a tough week for Tom.
This has been a trying day.
This has been a very bad year for our company.
This has been a very troubling time for Tom.
This has been an enlightening experience.
This has been bothering me for a while, but since when did you guys get so friendly with each other?
This has been bothering me lately.
This has been designated a conservation area.
This has been enjoyable.
This has been fun.
This has been going on a long time.
This has been going on for a week.
This has been going on for a while.
This has been going on for many weeks.
This has been going on for many years.
This has been going on for several decades.
This has been going on for too long.
This has been going on for years.
This has been going on forever.
This has been going on way too long.
This has been good.
This has been great.
This has been happening for a long time.
This has been happening for a number of days.
This has been happening for a number of decades.
This has been happening for a while.
This has been happening for days.
This has been happening for hundreds of years.
This has been happening for many centuries.
This has been happening for many decades.
This has been happening for many thousands of years.
This has been happening for several decades now.
This has been happening for several millennia now.
This has been happening for several millennia.
This has been happening for several thousand years now.
This has been happening for several thousand years.
This has been happening for years.
This has been happening off and on for the past three years.
This has been happening quite a lot lately.
This has been happening way too often.
This has been here for years, hasn't it?
This has been in the fridge since last year.
This has been instilled into them.
This has been my business for sixteen years.
This has been on my mind for a long time.
This has been one of the driest years that we've ever had.
This has been one of the driest years we've ever had.
This has been quite a day for Tom.
This has been really hard on Tom.
This has been the best day of the year.
This has been the custom for many, many years.
This has been the driest six months in thirty years.
This has been the experience of a lifetime.
This has been the most awful day in my eleven-year-old life.
This has been the trend for the past twenty years.
This has been the worst week in Yanni's life.
This has been too much.
This has been true at least since Citizens United.
This has been verified.
This has been your problem from the beginning.
This has begun.
This has bred more fear and mistrust.
This has caught me off guard.
This has caused a huge uproar in the city.
This has caused food shortages and famines all across the country.
This has caused issues in the Algerian economy.
This has caused me a lot of suffering.
This has caused us a lot of suffering.
This has changed my life.
This has come about through several causes.
This has emotionally scarred Pietro.
This has existed in Algeria since colonialism.
This has finally convinced me of the seriousness of the situation.
This has gone bad.
This has gone far enough.
This has gone on far too long.
This has gone on long enough now.
This has gone on long enough.
This has gone on way too long.
This has gone out of use here.
This has gone too far.
This has got me beat.
This has got to be a joke.
This has got to be some kind of mistake.
This has got to mean something.
This has got to stop.
This has gotten kind of complicated.
This has happened before and it'll happen again.
This has happened before in Boston.
This has happened before.
This has happened to me too!
This has happened to me too.
This has happened to me, too.
This has held true since 2004.
This has held up to wear and tear quite nicely.
This has hit me hard.
This has increased family income.
This has increased the price of gas a lot.
This has its advantages.
This has lasted quite a long time.
This has literally been proven to be happening.
This has made me feel personally attacked.
This has moderate spiciness but arouses appetite.
This has moderate spiciness but is appetite-stimulating.
This has moderate spiciness but stimulates the appetite.
This has multiple reasons.
This has my approval.
This has never been a problem before.
This has never been attempted before.
This has never been done before.
This has never been explained.
This has never been tried before.
This has never bothered me until now.
This has never changed.
This has never ever happened to me before.
This has never happened before, has it?
This has never happened before, right?
This has never happened before.
This has never happened to Tom.
This has never happened to me before.
This has never happened to me.
This has never, ever happened.
This has no basis in fact.
This has no calories.
This has no relevance to my background.
This has nothing to do with Halloween.
This has nothing to do with Tom.
This has nothing to do with Yanni.
This has nothing to do with her.
This has nothing to do with me!
This has nothing to do with me.
This has nothing to do with that.
This has nothing to do with the Berber language.
This has nothing to do with the kids.
This has nothing to do with them.
This has nothing to do with what happened here last week.
This has nothing to do with what happened last week.
This has nothing to do with what we were talking about.
This has nothing to do with why Tom isn't here.
This has nothing to do with you.
This has nothing to do with your question.
This has occurred to me multiple times.
This has only happened once before.
This has only happened to me once before.
This has practical implications.
This has probably happened to all of us at least once.
This has probably happened to all of us.
This has probably happened to most of us.
This has probably happened to us all.
This has profound implications.
This has rattled the Moroccan regime.
This has really touched me.
This has sentimental value to me.
This has shaken my faith in the institutions of government.
This has shocked me.
This has sparked several rumors in the town.
This has taken a significant amount of time and work.
This has taken everybody by surprise.
This has the potential to damage Yanni's relationship with Skura.
This has the power to change someone's day.
This has to be a fixable problem.
This has to be a mistake.
This has to be done before we can leave.
This has to be done by Monday.
This has to be done today.
This has to be done.
This has to be graphed on three axes, so go ahead and whip out your laptops, kids.
This has to be ready by the twentieth.
This has to be some kind of mistake.
This has to be stopped.
This has to be the last one.
This has to be the truth.
This has to be what we're looking for.
This has to do with the war that Israel is waging in Gaza and Lebanon.
This has to stay between us.
This has to stop immediately.
This has to stop now.
This has to stop.
This has to wait until tomorrow.
This has too many carbs.
This has too many onions.
This has turned out to be a great day.
This has visual impairment as a side effect.
This has zero calories.
This hasn't been easy for me.
This hasn't been easy for you, has it?
This hasn't been easy.
This hasn't led anywhere.
This hat belongs to Tom.
This hat belongs to me.
This hat cost me $10.
This hat cost ten dollars.
This hat cost thirty dollars.
This hat does match the brown dress.
This hat doesn't cost as much as that one.
This hat doesn't fit me.
This hat doesn’t fit me.
This hat fits me perfectly.
This hat fits perfectly.
This hat goes together with the dress.
This hat is Tom's.
This hat is a little too small for me.
This hat is cheap at 1000 yen.
This hat is cheaper than that one.
This hat is from Australia.
This hat is less expensive than that one.
This hat is mine.
This hat is one of my favorite things.
This hat is too big for me.
This hat is too big for you.
This hat is too small for me.
This hat is too small. Please show me another one.
This hat is too tall.
This hat is too tight for me.
This hat is too tight.
This hat is yours.
This hat isn't Tom's.
This hat isn't as expensive as that one.
This hat isn't new.
This hat looks ridiculous.
This hat suits me nicely.
This hat suits you well.
This hat was expensive.
This hat was free.
This hat was made in Australia.
This hat wasn't cheap.
This hat will become her.
This hat will suit her.
This hat's too small for you.
This hat, how much does it cost?
This hatred has reached very dangerous levels.
This hat’s too small for you.
This haunted Mennad.
This hay fever medicine works pretty well for me.
This he probably didn't know.
This headscarf goes perfectly with that Kabyle dress.
This healer seems to always have some miraculous products to sell.
This heart attack has opened my eyes.
This heat is killing me.
This heat is suffocating.
This heat is unbearable.
This heat isn’t staying.
This heat will continue until next week and then be over.
This heat will turn the grass brown.
This heater burns gas.
This heater runs on oil.
This heater won't heat up that large room.
This heater won’t heat up that large room.
This heather can bloom in the snow.
This heather can get up to twelve inches tall.
This heather has a lot of buds on it.
This heather has pale pink flowers.
This heather has some white in it.
This heather is common in the mountains around our town.
This heather is found in the foothills of the mountains.
This heather is in a really good condition.
This heather is in full flower.
This heather is my absolute favorite.
This heather is very fragrant.
This heather will be blooming in the wintertime.
This heather won't flower next year.
This heating device uses oil as fuel.
This heating equipment uses diesel as fuel.
This heating system burns oil.
This heavy dependence on exports exposes the economy to fluctuations in global demand.
This heavy workload is too much for me.
This hedge fund manager made more than one billion dollars.
This heirloom shall be yours.
This helm does not have very high protection, but it does have cool stat bonuses.
This helmet helps me with stage fright.
This helped me a lot in learning Berber.
This helped me learn a great deal.
This helped me to put things in perspective.
This helps Ziri a ton.
This helps isolate the client from the impact of design changes and defects.
This helps so much.
This helps.
This hen does not lay eggs at all these days.
This hen has caught cholera.
This hen hasn't laid any eggs recently.
This hen is sitting on an egg, but the egg won't hatch because it has not been fertilized.
This hen lays an egg almost every day.
This herbal ointment relieves pain and promotes healing.
This herbal tea is very hot.
This here is Julia.
This here is a list of the highest-selling books from the past month.
This here is an adverb.
This here is an evergreen tree.
This here is my father's workplace.
This here is one of the houses.
This here is something, but that there is nothing.
This here is the problem.
This here isn't America.
This here sentence consists of seven words.
This high humidity makes me feel tired.
This high school wants to favour students from disadvantaged backgrounds.
This high-rise building has five lifts.
This highway has a lot of potholes.
This highway has a shoulder.
This highway has lots of potholes.
This highway is not very bicycle-friendly.
This highway isn't very bicycle-friendly.
This highway saves us a lot of time.
This highway will take you out of the city.
This hijab is of a horrible quality.
This hill commands a fine view of the bay.
This hill commands a very fine view.
This hill is high.
This hill is ridiculously steep.
This hill of termites is located in Tanzania.
This hill overlooks the city.
This hip-hop artist wears a grill.
This historical building is beautiful.
This history book is written for high school students.
This history book was written by high school students.
This history book was written by secondary students.
This history textbook is intended for high school students.
This hive is the home of my bee Zosia.
This hob is 112 centimetres wide.
This hoist is used to lift heavy car parts.
This holds 3/4 cup.
This holds for most of us.
This holds true for husbands as well as wives.
This hole isn't deep enough.
This hole needs to be deeper.
This hole should be stopped up.
This hole was formed by a falling meteorite.
This holiday isn't much fun - we might as well head back home.
This holiday isn't much fun - we should go home.
This holiday isn't much fun - we should have gone home.
This holiday isn’t much fun - we should go home.
This holiday isn’t much fun - we should have gone home.
This holiday was called Saturnalia among the Romans and was marked by great merriment and licence which extended even to the slaves.
This home gives you comfort.
This home, so new to her, was equally for me the oldest, the most familiar of all places on the earth; whose least details, whose feeblest blade of grass were known to me since the earliest and most impressible days of my existence.
This homeless man plays piano beautifully.
This homework is difficult for me.
This homework is worth two points in the final grade.
This homework will require much time.
This homework will take very long.
This honestly doesn't surprise me.
This honey is really good.
This honey is sold in bear-shaped bottles.
This honey is very thick.
This horn is sharp.
This hornbill was hunted in Indonesia.
This horrible hot weather is killing me.
This horrible mistake led to Tom's conclusive dismissal.
This horrific disaster would never have happened if our election was not rigged and if I was the president.
This horror movie is really scary. I couldn't sleep after I watched it.
This horror movie is really scary. I couldn’t sleep after I watched it.
This horse belongs to us.
This horse came in first.
This horse has a pretty canter.
This horse has beautiful big eyes.
This horse has visited our street as well.
This horse hasn't been ridden in weeks.
This horse is expensive.
This horse is not white.
This horse is on its last legs.
This horse is very expensive.
This horse is very gentle.
This horse is white.
This horse isn't white.
This horse kicks out when anyone approaches it from behind.
This horse kicks when anyone comes up from behind.
This horse lives at the edge of the valley.
This horse ought to be shot.
This horse ran well at every Naadam.
This horse stands fifteen hands and weighs seventy stone.
This hose has a leak.
This hose is about forty feet long.
This hose is junk. It kinks way too easily.
This hospital has a lot of brand-new equipment.
This hospital has a lot of new equipment.
This hospital has prepared 10 beds in a sterilised room in order to protect patients with weakened immune systems.
This hospital is for sale.
This hospital is run by the city.
This hospital owns many defibrillators.
This hospital was built in the year 1956.
This hot spring is a great find.
This hot summer day, Mary had a crop top on.
This hotel belongs to my brother-in-law.
This hotel can accommodate 100 guests.
This hotel can accommodate 500 guests.
This hotel can accommodate 500 people.
This hotel can accommodate 700 guests.
This hotel can accommodate over 1,000 guests.
This hotel chain is no longer providing high quality service.
This hotel does not serve lunch.
This hotel does not take dogs.
This hotel doesn't have a swimming pool.
This hotel doesn't have free WiFi.
This hotel faces the sea.
This hotel got many recommendations from travel agents.
This hotel has a gym and a swimming pool.
This hotel has a magnificent view of the sea.
This hotel has accommodations for 1,000 guests.
This hotel has accommodations for 1000 guests.
This hotel has an indoor pool.
This hotel has free Wi-Fi.
This hotel has one indoor swimming pool and two outdoor swimming pools.
This hotel has three swimming pools.
This hotel has valet parking.
This hotel is anything but satisfactory.
This hotel is beautiful.
This hotel is better than that hotel.
This hotel is better than that one.
This hotel is better than that other one.
This hotel is better than the other one.
This hotel is conveniently located in terms of public transportation.
This hotel is expensive.
This hotel is famous throughout the world.
This hotel is far from deserving the four stars the guidebook gives it.
This hotel is in Algeria.
This hotel is out of Yanni's price range.
This hotel is relatively expensive for this town.
This hotel is situated on a hill.
This hotel is the best, as hotels go.
This hotel is very good.
This hotel is very near the lake.
This hotel isn't very good.
This hotel isn't very good. Why is it so expensive?
This hotel room has air conditioning.
This hotel seems to be empty.
This hotel was built in 2013.
This hotel was built last year.
This hotel was built three years ago.
This hotel was built two years ago.
This hotel was then a school.
This hotel was very near the lake.
This hotel will not do.
This hotel won't do.
This hotplate is 112 centimetres wide.
This house already changed hands last year.
This house and this land are mine!
This house and this land are mine.
This house and this land is mine!
This house belongs to Mr Yamada.
This house belongs to Tom.
This house belongs to her.
This house belongs to me now.
This house belongs to me.
This house belongs to my father.
This house belongs to my in-laws.
This house belongs to my uncle.
This house belongs to our parents.
This house burned down completely in the fire.
This house could really use a thorough cleaning.
This house doesn't have central heating.
This house doesn't meet my needs.
This house doesn't qualify for reconstruction.
This house doesn't qualify for renovation.
This house has a clay tile roof.
This house has a green roof.
This house has a heated swimming pool.
This house has a leaky roof.
This house has a lovely red door.
This house has a new facade.
This house has a nice view of the sea on one side and of the mountains on the other.
This house has a rainwater collection system.
This house has a red roof.
This house has a smart meter.
This house has a solid foundation.
This house has a thatched roof.
This house has a two-car garage.
This house has a very rustic style.
This house has an elf.
This house has an open kitchen.
This house has an open plan kitchen.
This house has been abandoned for a very long time.
This house has been condemned.
This house has been gathering dust for who knows how many years.
This house has been passed down in our family through the generations.
This house has double glazed windows.
This house has eleven rooms.
This house has four bathrooms.
This house has got a new facade.
This house has lots of windows.
This house has no electricity or running water.
This house has outbuildings and a basement, too.
This house has six rooms.
This house has solar panels.
This house has three bathrooms.
This house has triple-pane windows.
This house has triple–pane windows.
This house has two bathrooms.
This house has undergone many changes.
This house has — who knows for how many years — gathered dust.
This house hasn't got central heating.
This house is Tom's.
This house is a disaster.
This house is a fabulous example of Victorian Gothic architecture.
This house is a gluten-free zone.
This house is a pigsty.
This house is a shelter for women who fear for their lives and their children.
This house is a very beautiful one.
This house is abandoned.
This house is abandoned. All the windows are boarded up.
This house is about the same size as Peter's.
This house is about the same size as Peter’s.
This house is almost seventy years old.
This house is almost thirty years old.
This house is anything but comfortable to live in.
This house is as big as mine.
This house is as large again as that one.
This house is available.
This house is beautiful.
This house is big.
This house is bigger than the one in the village.
This house is built from Brazilian lumber.
This house is by far the best I've seen so far.
This house is charming.
This house is cheap.
This house is convenient for shopping.
This house is conveniently situated but the trouble is that it is too small for my large family.
This house is cool.
This house is creepy.
This house is cursed.
This house is dirty.
This house is energy efficient.
This house is entirely mine.
This house is environmentally friendly.
This house is famous.
This house is far better than his.
This house is far too small.
This house is filthy as hell.
This house is fireproof.
This house is five hundred years old.
This house is for rent.
This house is for sale.
This house is free of rent.
This house is full of happy memories.
This house is full of spider webs.
This house is going to be demolished.
This house is haunted by Tom's ghost.
This house is haunted by ghosts.
This house is haunted.
This house is hers.
This house is his property.
This house is in bad shape.
This house is infested with termites.
This house is large enough for your family to live in.
This house is leaning to one side.
This house is made of stone.
This house is made out of sustainable materials.
This house is mine, not yours.
This house is mine.
This house is my father's.
This house is my father’s.
This house is my grandfather's.
This house is my grandmother's, but soon it will be mine.
This house is my mother's.
This house is my own property.
This house is nearby, it has two bedrooms and a living room, and the decoration isn't bad; it's 1500 a month.
This house is nearby, it has two bedrooms and a living room, and the decoration isn’t bad; it’s 1500 a month.
This house is nearly thirty years old.
This house is no fortress or castle, but it still instills a sense of security.
This house is not for sale.
This house is not mine, this is not where I belong.
This house is not mine.
This house is not new.
This house is not the same without you.
This house is not very big.
This house is not very large.
This house is off the grid.
This house is presumably believed to be haunted.
This house is quite small.
This house is really beautiful.
This house is registered in my name.
This house is relatively small.
This house is said to be haunted by spirits.
This house is said to be haunted.
This house is scorpion-free.
This house is small but beautiful.
This house is smaller than that one.
This house is so cheap.
This house is so much bigger than the other.
This house is so pretty, isn't it!
This house is ten years old, but that house over there is quite new.
This house is the house Vladimir grew up in.
This house is theirs.
This house is three hundred years old.
This house is to let.
This house is too big for me.
This house is too big for us.
This house is too big.
This house is too narrow to live in.
This house is too small for our family.
This house is too small to live in.
This house is uninhabitable.
This house is unoccupied.
This house is vacant.
This house is very big, isn't it?
This house is very big, like mine.
This house is very comfortable to live in.
This house is very good.
This house is very impressive!
This house is very pretty.
This house is very small.
This house is very spacious.
This house is way better than his.
This house is well insulated.
This house is yours.
This house isn't affordable for us.
This house isn't big enough for our family.
This house isn't for sale.
This house isn't mine.
This house isn't new.
This house isn't new. It's old.
This house isn't so big.
This house isn't that big.
This house isn't very big.
This house isn't very large.
This house looks nice.
This house looks similar to James's house.
This house meets my needs exactly.
This house mouse is gray.
This house mouse is grey.
This house must be done up.
This house needs a feminine touch.
This house needs painting.
This house needs repairs.
This house needs so many repairs, it would be easier to tear it down and build a new one.
This house of ours has just been redecorated, and we haven't lived here for sixth months.
This house of ours has just been redecorated, and we haven’t lived here for sixth months.
This house remained in their family for years.
This house runs the risk of collapsing.
This house straddles the border between Canada and the United States.
This house was Ziri's.
This house was bought three years ago.
This house was built a hundred years ago.
This house was built a year ago.
This house was built by my grandfather.
This house was built in 1870.
This house was built in the 16th century.
This house was built recently.
This house was declared unfit for human habitation.
This house was designed by Tom Jackson.
This house was designed by Tom.
This house was on the market for three years before it sold.
This house was sold cheap.
This house was the first thing my parents ever bought together.
This house will be too small for us.
This house will exist.
This house will let easily.
This house will not sell as it stands.
This house will rent easily.
This house will soon collapse.
This household is perfect.
This housework is driving me crazy.
This huge amount of short sentences is of little use.
This huge dam is an incredible feat of construction.
This huge mountain near our village blocks the sun most of the day.
This huge truck can carry twenty five tons of liquid concrete.
This huge war has been prolonged.
This humanitarian group looks for volunteers to distribute meals to the homeless during the month of December.
This humid city is located slightly below sea level, and more than a hundred streams cross it and bring water to its lands.
This humid weather will be the end of me.
This hurt Ziri's career.
This hurts a lot.
This hurts like crazy.
This hurts more than you can imagine.
This hut is a very special place.
This hut is in danger of falling down.
This hyena is probably the last of its kind in the area.
This hyperbola is important to us. It's the relativistic analogue of a circle.
This hypothesis is unproven.
This ice cream is not strawberry flavoured.
This ice cream place is great for families with kids!
This ice cream tastes very watery.
This ice is going to crack.
This ice is too thin to bear your weight.
This icon is definitely better than the skeleton one. I'm sure of it.
This iconography is typical of cave art.
This idea belongs to Antonio.
This idea has been in his mind for a long time now.
This idea has led to heated discussion.
This idea has never entered my head before.
This idea is a good one.
This idea is a misperception, and makes no sense.
This idea is actually pretty good.
This idea is also very good.
This idea is controversial.
This idea is not rational.
This idea is not true.
This idea is outdated.
This idea is ridiculous.
This idea is the basis of my argument.
This idea is totally new to me.
This idea isn't fit for thinking.
This idea that an Arab majority would systematically kill a Jewish minority is a racist idea that needs to be challenged.
This idea was born in Tom's twisted mind.
This idea was doomed to fail from the start.
This idea was easier to cope with.
This ideology is irrelevant to Algeria.
This idiot can't even speak his own language!
This idiot is out of your life for ever.
This idiot of Tom should have guessed that the last word in this sentence would of course be for Mary.
This illness is deadly.
This illustration was done by Tom.
This image can be seen either as a duck or as a rabbit, but not as both at the same time.
This image can be seen either as a duck or as a rabbit.
This image captures the central region of the barred spiral galaxy NGC 1313. The galaxy is located roughly 14 million light-years away in the constellation Reticulum.
This image is being shaken for the first time.
This image is doctored.
This image is not safe for work.
This imam is from Kabylie.
This imam studied in Kabylie.
This imbecile has sharp teeth.
This implant is inserted under the skin of the patient and then delivers the drugs for an extended period of time, for months and potentially years.
This implies a fun and relaxed working atmosphere where team achievement is highly valued, communication is extremely important and traditional 3-hour meetings have been replaced by informal chats in the queue for coffee.
This implies that the Interlingua-English Dictionary — which represents a collection of the international vocabulary — may be expected to prove useful from the viewpoint of most, if not all, auxiliary-language systems now extant, in so far as they are based on, or are influenced by, the principle of actual internationality of words.
This implies the needed ability to nag native speakers to create example sentences using the phrases WE find difficult.
This important project helps many people.
This imposter impersonated a doctor.
This improves students' learning in the short term by improving their cognitive function, as well as in the long term by preventing illness that could distract from their studies.
This in itself is strange enough.
This in turn aids the generation of electricity.
This in turn can encourage job creation.
This in turn can encourage the creation of jobs.
This incessant noise drives me mad.
This incident brought Ziri back down to earth.
This incident could have momentous diplomatic consequences.
This incident happened almost six years ago.
This incident has made a great impact on the progress of the project.
This incident is definitely something that's going to stick with me.
This incident is quite uncanny.
This incident led the movement to collapse.
This incident never got media attention.
This incident was etched in his memory.
This incident will have big diplomatic consequences.
This increase in the number of unemployed people is a result of the bad economy.
This increase in unemployment is a consequence of the recession.
This increased the value of the Algerian dinar.
This increases expenses.
This incredible story has only just begun.
This indigenous god needs water to have a normal life, move and talk, or its body will turn back into immovable stone.
This individual needs to stop judging others and keep their opinions to themselves.
This industrial park is located in Algiers.
This industrial plant was shut down a long time ago.
This industrial plant was shut down long ago.
This industry is really bad for the environment.
This inefficiency is a result of the animal's large body and massive legs and feet, which contribute a sideways motion to its walk.
This inefficiency is a result of the animal’s large body and massive legs and feet, which contribute a sideways motion to its walk.
This inexpensive wine is surprisingly drinkable.
This information checks out all right.
This information contains many interesting things.
This information hasn't been confirmed.
This information hasn't been made public yet.
This information is a trade secret.
This information is confidential.
This information is false.
This information is inaccurate.
This information is incorrect.
This information is not as up-to-date as it should be.
This information is of huge importance.
This information is provided by the Bank of Algeria.
This information is very important to us.
This information isn't accurate.
This information isn't as up-to-date as it should be.
This information may help you find a cure.
This information must not fall into enemy hands.
This information was deliberately truncated.
This information was given by a source of Samsung Bangladesh.
This infuriated Tom.
This infuriated Ziri even more.
This ingredient is used in traditional Chinese medicine.
This initiative follows the DCA phone conference on Dec 17 attended by 40 people from 27 firms.
This initiative strives to promote writing in Occitan.
This initiative will be evaluated in the future.
This initiative will be evaluated when it's older.
This ink is the best.
This ink is white.
This ink stain will not wash out.
This inlet is protected from the storms that pass across the open ocean.
This inn gives good service.
This inner conflict tends to diminish as the years go by.
This insanity has to stop!
This inscription seems to have been written in an already extinct language.
This insect exudes a powerful smell.
This insect is so tiny.
This insect is still alive.
This insect is tiny, but very dangerous.
This insect still lives.
This insecticide is too effective against all living creatures.
This inspired Ziri to hike the Blida part of the trail.
This instant soup comes in individual packets.
This instantly activated my fight-or-flight instinct.
This institution came into being after the war.
This instrument is what’s known as a Faraday cup, a sensor designed to measure the ion and electron fluxes and flow angles from the solar wind.
This instrument needs to be calibrated.
This insurance contract will expire at the end of the month.
This insurance covers everything.
This insurance has a high deductible.
This intense heat doesn't seem to bother you.
This intense heat doesn’t seem to bother you.
This interpretation is subjective.
This interrogation technique can cause flesh wounds.
This intersection is dangerous.
This interview has a different purpose.
This interview has been cueing her up for a run in the next election.
This interview is over.
This interview question is open-ended!
This invading species of mollusk has no natural predator in America.
This invention is so revolutionary, it might make it into the textbooks.
This invention marked the dawn of a new era in weaving.
This invention of his proved to be of great value.
This invention was the result of years of patient experiment.
This invention will make you very rich.
This investigation can act as a foundation for more comprehensive research.
This investigation has priority.
This investment fund only invests in ethical companies.
This investment is not for the risk-averse.
This investment is risky.
This investment is the opportunity of a lifetime.
This investment plan requires approval from the director of operations or someone of equally high status in order to execute.
This investment won't pay off.
This involved an inordinate amount of working together.
This iron sheet is coated with tin.
This irritated Antonio.
This irritates Tom.
This is "free of charge".
This is 2020, not the Middle Ages, and we cannot fight an infectious disease with worthless elixirs sold for hundreds of dollars by unscrupulous hucksters that have absolutely no place in the treatment of serious medical conditions.
This is Africa's Sahara Desert, as seen from the International Space Station's new seven-windowed cupola.
This is Algeria and it's 2004.
This is Algeria and it's 2023.
This is Algeria's capital city: Algiers.
This is Algeria's most northerly place.
This is Algeria's new government program.
This is Algeria's region bordering Mali.
This is Algeria.
This is Algerian wheat flour.
This is Algiers and it's full of crazy people.
This is Algiers seen from the air.
This is Algiers, Algeria's capital.
This is Algiers.
This is Ali's book.
This is America, speak English!
This is America, speak whatever language you want.
This is America.
This is Aramaic.
This is Aya, this is Aya. Please respond.
This is Bejaia, Algeria.
This is Berber class.
This is Berber.
This is Boldi's first photograph.
This is Boston's oldest restaurant.
This is Boston's third-tallest building.
This is Boston.
This is Brazilian lumber. One of the best kinds in the world.
This is Brian Rock.
This is Canadian cooking.
This is Canadian cuisine.
This is Canadian food.
This is Canadian money.
This is Canadian music.
This is Cao Cao's trickery.
This is Cao Cao’s trickery.
This is Carrie Underwood's latest album.
This is Carrie Underwood’s latest album.
This is Chinese food.
This is Christmas!
This is Clapham Junction, if I am not mistaken, and we shall be in Victoria in less than ten minutes.
This is Cookie. He's a hedgehog.
This is Copacabana!
This is Dan and Linda's first night together.
This is Doraemon.
This is Edith, my wife.
This is Edward.
This is Fadil's last chance.
This is Fadil's worst nightmare.
This is Finland's biggest power station of all.
This is Fire Prevention Week.
This is Flavien.
This is Flavio’s responsibility.
This is French, isn't it?
This is French.
This is Germany and people don't get fired for converting to Islam.
This is God's plan.
This is Goroh Watanabe.
This is Greek to me.
This is Gunter's favorite arcade machine.
This is Gunter’s hideout.
This is Haudenosaunee land.
This is Idlib city.
This is Islamophobic propaganda.
This is Italy.
This is Jane's bag.
This is Jane’s bag.
This is Japan as Americans see it.
This is Japan.
This is Joanna.
This is John and that is his brother.
This is Johnny Cash, right?
This is Juan's car.
This is Julia's pen.
This is Julia.
This is Kabyle couscous.
This is Kabylie, a beautiful and enchanting region in the north of Algeria.
This is Kabylie, a rural area in northeastern Algeria.
This is Kabylie.
This is Ken's dog.
This is Ken. He loves his dog.
This is Ken. He really likes his dog.
This is Kenji's chair.
This is Kenji’s chair.
This is Laurie's dictionary.
This is Layla's responsibility after all.
This is Li Ying.
This is Luca's car.
This is Lucia's pen.
This is Lucia’s pen.
This is Luis's fifth appearance on this show.
This is Mary's dog.
This is Mary's dream house.
This is Mary's dream kitchen.
This is Mary's first experience of a death in the family.
This is Mary's first time experiencing a death in the family.
This is Mary's friend.
This is Mary's husband.
This is Mary, my ex-girlfriend.
This is Mary, my long-suffering wife.
This is Mary, my wife.
This is Mary.
This is Mary’s dog.
This is Matsuko and me in Japan.
This is Mennad's centipede.
This is Mennad's first YouTube video.
This is Mennad's first nursing job.
This is Mennad's home.
This is Mennad's sixth consultation this year.
This is Mennad's very first job.
This is Mennad's worst dentist experience.
This is Mike speaking. May I speak to Hiroshi, please?
This is Mike's bicycle.
This is Mike. Is Hiroshi there?
This is Mike’s bicycle.
This is Miller's newest book, and we hope it's not the last.
This is Minghui's car.
This is Miss Curtis.
This is Moqran's son.
This is Morocco's untamable and ungovernable frontier.
This is Mr Miller's latest book, and we hope it will not be his last.
This is Mr Miller’s latest book, and we hope it will not be his last.
This is Mr Smith speaking. Is Mr Johnson in?
This is Mr Suzuki speaking.
This is Mr Yasuda.
This is Mr. Dupont's car.
This is Mr. Pedro.
This is Mr. Smith.
This is Ms. Müller.
This is Nina, your granddaughter.
This is Nyamal.
This is OK.
This is Pierrot's sister.
This is Professor Oak, the director of this experiment.
This is Quentin.
This is RTL 2, a German TV channel.
This is Rima, Ziri's ex-girlfriend.
This is Room 839.
This is Rose.
This is Russia!
This is Sami Bakir, my favorite actor.
This is Sami and I want to talk to you.
This is Sami's first day working for the laboratory.
This is Sami's last day of freedom.
This is Sami's pawn shop.
This is Sami's pillow. Yours in on the couch.
This is Sami's point of view.
This is Sami's responsibility.
This is Sami's style of doing things.
This is Skura's grandfather.
This is Skura's jacket. She dropped it off.
This is Skura's specialty.
This is Skura's sweetheart.
This is Skura, my girlfriend.
This is Skura, my personal assistant.
This is Skura, my personal secretary.
This is Skura, my personal stylist.
This is Skura.
This is SpaceX’s second spaceflight test of its Crew Dragon and its first test with astronauts aboard.
This is Sparta.
This is Sue next to me in the picture. How young she was!
This is Tahmid's house.
This is Taiwan, this is what makes it Taiwan.
This is Tao.
This is Tatoeba.
This is Thilelli's calculator.
This is Thomas.
This is Tom Jackson speaking.
This is Tom Jackson, my personal assistant.
This is Tom Jackson, your court appointed attorney.
This is Tom Jackson.
This is Tom and Mary.
This is Tom calling.
This is Tom speaking.
This is Tom speaking. I'd like to speak to Ann.
This is Tom speaking. I'd like to speak to Mary.
This is Tom speaking. Is Mary in?
This is Tom speaking. I’d like to speak to Ann.
This is Tom speaking. I’d like to speak to Mary.
This is Tom's French teacher.
This is Tom's T-shirt. That T-shirt is Tom's, too.
This is Tom's address book.
This is Tom's address.
This is Tom's answer to my letter.
This is Tom's appointment book.
This is Tom's as well.
This is Tom's bag.
This is Tom's bedroom.
This is Tom's bicycle.
This is Tom's book.
This is Tom's briefcase.
This is Tom's camel.
This is Tom's canary.
This is Tom's car, I think.
This is Tom's car, not mine.
This is Tom's car.
This is Tom's cat.
This is Tom's cell.
This is Tom's chair.
This is Tom's choice.
This is Tom's computer.
This is Tom's cup.
This is Tom's decision to make, not yours.
This is Tom's diary.
This is Tom's dictionary.
This is Tom's dirty little secret.
This is Tom's dish.
This is Tom's dog.
This is Tom's dream house.
This is Tom's dream kitchen.
This is Tom's fault.
This is Tom's favorite TV show.
This is Tom's favorite book.
This is Tom's favorite expression.
This is Tom's favorite show.
This is Tom's favourite book.
This is Tom's first time in Australia.
This is Tom's first time in Boston.
This is Tom's first year here.
This is Tom's first year teaching.
This is Tom's flat.
This is Tom's formula.
This is Tom's grave.
This is Tom's greatest challenge.
This is Tom's handiwork.
This is Tom's handwriting.
This is Tom's home. You cannot take it from him.
This is Tom's house.
This is Tom's house. It is his.
This is Tom's idea, isn't it?
This is Tom's idea.
This is Tom's jacket. Why is it here?
This is Tom's knife.
This is Tom's land.
This is Tom's life.
This is Tom's locker.
This is Tom's man cave.
This is Tom's medical opinion.
This is Tom's mom, Mary.
This is Tom's motorcycle, I think.
This is Tom's neighborhood.
This is Tom's notebook.
This is Tom's number.
This is Tom's office.
This is Tom's only chance.
This is Tom's pen.
This is Tom's pet turtle. She's called Mary.
This is Tom's photo album.
This is Tom's photograph.
This is Tom's plate.
This is Tom's request.
This is Tom's responsibility.
This is Tom's room.
This is Tom's schedule.
This is Tom's school.
This is Tom's second year playing professional baseball.
This is Tom's seminal work.
This is Tom's shirt, not mine.
This is Tom's signature dish.
This is Tom's sister.
This is Tom's sketch.
This is Tom's space, too.
This is Tom's specialty.
This is Tom's territory.
This is Tom's third trip to Australia.
This is Tom's third visit to Australia.
This is Tom's third visit to Boston.
This is Tom's third year here.
This is Tom's tomcat's tomb.
This is Tom's turf.
This is Tom's turtle. Her name is Mary.
This is Tom's umbrella, isn't it?
This is Tom's umbrella.
This is Tom's wheelchair.
This is Tom's wife.
This is Tom's.
This is Tom, my assistant.
This is Tom, my baby daddy.
This is Tom, my baby's daddy.
This is Tom, my boyfriend.
This is Tom, my colleague.
This is Tom, my ex-boyfriend.
This is Tom, my little brother.
This is Tom.
This is Tom. He's my helper.
This is Tom. I'd like to speak with Mary.
This is Tom. May I speak with Mary?
This is Tom’s dog.
This is Tom’s motorcycle, I think.
This is Tony's book.
This is Tony's book. This book belongs to Tony.
This is Tony’s book.
This is Turkish.
This is Uncle Tom's farm.
This is Uncle Tom’s farm.
This is Valentine's Day, not Halloween.
This is Wonder Music Shop.
This is Xavier.
This is Yamada.
This is Yanni's building, not yours.
This is Yanni's chance.
This is Yanni's favorite Berber dictionary.
This is Yanni's favorite song to sing in the shower.
This is Yanni's favorite song.
This is Yanni's first Ramadan in Algeria.
This is Yanni's first day of fasting as a Muslim.
This is Yanni's first day of working here.
This is Yanni's first ever Ramadan in Algeria.
This is Yanni's first ever Ramadan in a Muslim country.
This is Yanni's first ever car crash.
This is Yanni's first time driving.
This is Yanni's fourth Ramadan as a Muslim.
This is Yanni's fourth and last water balloon.
This is Yanni's how and he wants his things his way.
This is Yanni's left hand.
This is Yanni's life.
This is Yanni's lucky day.
This is Yanni's mother.
This is Yanni's pet peeve.
This is Yanni's restaurant.
This is Yanni's way of flirting.
This is Yanni's weekend off.
This is Yanni's worst car accident.
This is Yanni, Skura's younger brother.
This is Yidir's calculator.
This is Yidir's wife.
This is Ziri when he was a baby.
This is Ziri's actual Facebook account.
This is Ziri's backyard.
This is Ziri's best option to survive.
This is Ziri's business.
This is Ziri's cardboard.
This is Ziri's crap.
This is Ziri's decision.
This is Ziri's dream.
This is Ziri's fault.
This is Ziri's favorite dish.
This is Ziri's favorite fig tree.
This is Ziri's favorite leash.
This is Ziri's favorite podcast app.
This is Ziri's first day at this high school.
This is Ziri's first time camping with friends.
This is Ziri's first time posting here.
This is Ziri's fourth marriage.
This is Ziri's gift to Rima.
This is Ziri's home.
This is Ziri's house.
This is Ziri's idea.
This is Ziri's last show in Tigzirt.
This is Ziri's luck.
This is Ziri's natural response to the situation.
This is Ziri's nursing shift.
This is Ziri's one and only chance to taste tequila.
This is Ziri's place.
This is Ziri's planned camping spot.
This is Ziri's real life.
This is Ziri's room, too.
This is Ziri's stuff.
This is Ziri's usual hiding spot.
This is Ziri's way to improve his Berber.
This is Ziri's wife, Rima.
This is Ziri's.
This is Ziri.
This is a "can't live without" tool for campers.
This is a 30-passenger bus.
This is a Berber dictionary.
This is a Berber idiom and it can't be translated word for word.
This is a Berber language show.
This is a Berber language workbook.
This is a Berber lesson.
This is a Berber story from long ago.
This is a Berber swear word.
This is a Berber tongue-twister.
This is a Berber tradition.
This is a Berber translation of the Holy Quran.
This is a Berber vocabulary book.
This is a Berber word.
This is a Betamax cassette.
This is a Bible study group.
This is a Cajun song.
This is a Canadian coin.
This is a Canadian company.
This is a Canadian custom.
This is a Canadian dish.
This is a Canadian drink.
This is a Canadian flag.
This is a Canadian folk song.
This is a Canadian newspaper.
This is a Canadian passport.
This is a Canadian song.
This is a Canadian specialty.
This is a Canadian toy.
This is a Canadian tradition.
This is a Catholic hospital.
This is a Chinese fan.
This is a Chinese language book.
This is a Chinese restaurant.
This is a Christmas present for Tom.
This is a Christmas present for you.
This is a Christmas present from Tom.
This is a Christmas present from him.
This is a Christmas tree ornament.
This is a DVD.
This is a Display Energy Certificate as defined in the Energy Performance of Buildings Regulations 2012 as amended.
This is a French word.
This is a Gallic find.
This is a Gallicism.
This is a Gaulish find.
This is a Halloween costume.
This is a Hebrew word and it means "friend".
This is a Japanese apricot tree.
This is a Japanese camera.
This is a Japanese doll.
This is a Japanese man!
This is a Kabyle dress from Algeria.
This is a Kabyle dress.
This is a Masai giraffe.
This is a Meccan verse.
This is a Medinan chapter.
This is a Muslim cemetery.
This is a Muslim family.
This is a Muslim home.
This is a Muslim house.
This is a North Korean spyboat.
This is a Ponzi scheme.
This is a Romanian specialty.
This is a Sunni mosque.
This is a Thursday.
This is a Tuareg sword.
This is a Tuareg territory.
This is a Turkish tradition.
This is a Wartburg car with a two-stroke engine and with the gear changer on the steering column.
This is a baby tooth.
This is a baby.
This is a bad deal.
This is a bad idea.
This is a bad neighborhood.
This is a bad omen.
This is a bad place.
This is a bad plan.
This is a bad precedent.
This is a bad sign.
This is a bad thing.
This is a bad time for both Tom and Mary.
This is a bad time for me to talk.
This is a bad time to ask.
This is a bad time.
This is a bad translation.
This is a bad trend.
This is a bad turn of events.
This is a bad.
This is a bag of her own making.
This is a bag.
This is a ball.
This is a banana.
This is a bangin' choon.
This is a banjo.
This is a basement.
This is a basic factor that can even be said to be the common lot of man, it certainly doesn’t apply only to Germans.
This is a basic factor that can even be said to be the common lot of man; it certainly doesn't apply only to Germans.
This is a basic principle in Islam.
This is a basketball ball.
This is a basketball.
This is a bass guitar.
This is a bat.
This is a bathing suit.
This is a battery.
This is a battle worth fighting.
This is a bear.
This is a beast of burden.
This is a beautiful Berber song.
This is a beautiful Kabyle dress.
This is a beautiful and quiet garden.
This is a beautiful beach.
This is a beautiful book.
This is a beautiful concerto.
This is a beautiful country.
This is a beautiful family.
This is a beautiful field of lavender in France.
This is a beautiful flower, isn't it?
This is a beautiful flower.
This is a beautiful home.
This is a beautiful house.
This is a beautiful lake.
This is a beautiful meadow.
This is a beautiful painting.
This is a beautiful picture of you.
This is a beautiful piece of meat.
This is a beautiful piece of music.
This is a beautiful place.
This is a beautiful song.
This is a beautiful spot.
This is a beautiful story.
This is a beautiful tree.
This is a beautiful vacation spot.
This is a beautiful word.
This is a beaver dam.
This is a bed.
This is a bee.
This is a beetle larva.
This is a beetle.
This is a beginning of a new era.
This is a beneficial work.
This is a bespoke suit.
This is a better house than the other one.
This is a better story.
This is a better way of paying people, according to Paula Grayson.
This is a biased article.
This is a biblical text.
This is a bicycle magazine.
This is a big advance.
This is a big challenge for the Algerian government.
This is a big challenge.
This is a big company.
This is a big concern.
This is a big country.
This is a big day for me.
This is a big deal for us.
This is a big deal.
This is a big decision for me.
This is a big decision.
This is a big dog.
This is a big help.
This is a big hope for Tom.
This is a big house.
This is a big library.
This is a big mistake.
This is a big opportunity for you to show what you can do.
This is a big problem in Algeria.
This is a big problem.
This is a big project.
This is a big step forward.
This is a big thing.
This is a big waste of time.
This is a big win for us.
This is a bilingual book.
This is a bilingual channel.
This is a bilingual city.
This is a bilingual region.
This is a binding contract.
This is a bipartisan issue.
This is a birch tree.
This is a bird sanctuary.
This is a bit boring.
This is a bit complicated.
This is a bit confusing.
This is a bit embarrassing.
This is a bit inappropriate, I think.
This is a bit offensive.
This is a bit overcooked.
This is a bit salty.
This is a bit scary.
This is a bit too loose around my waist.
This is a bit too small.
This is a bit too tight around my neck.
This is a bit unfair.
This is a bit vague.
This is a bizarre orthography.
This is a black car.
This is a black olive.
This is a blast!
This is a blatant lie.
This is a blesbok calf.
This is a blue horse.
This is a blue house.
This is a blue movie.
This is a boar.
This is a bold statement.
This is a bolt.
This is a bomb.
This is a book I'd like to read.
This is a book about Algerian cuisine.
This is a book about England.
This is a book about Georgia.
This is a book about Western Sahara's long fight for independence.
This is a book about animals.
This is a book about feelings.
This is a book about my conversion to Islam.
This is a book about obesity.
This is a book about public policy.
This is a book about stars.
This is a book about the Baroque.
This is a book about the prophet Muhammad, peace be upon him.
This is a book aimed at beginners.
This is a book authored by Algerian novelist Kamel Daoud.
This is a book for beginners.
This is a book of Algerian proverbs.
This is a book of children's stories.
This is a book of children’s stories.
This is a book of essays.
This is a book of poetry.
This is a book often read by adults.
This is a book on modern English usage.
This is a book recommended to me by my teacher.
This is a book that I borrowed from Tom.
This is a book that I'd like to read.
This is a book that my teacher recommended that I read.
This is a book to read.
This is a book with a lot of pages.
This is a book worth reading.
This is a book.
This is a bookshop.
This is a boot.
This is a boring book.
This is a boring movie.
This is a bottle of wine.
This is a bottle.
This is a bow for a strong person.
This is a bow.
This is a bowling alley.
This is a box.
This is a boy who looks like a girl.
This is a boy.
This is a bracelet.
This is a breach of diplomatic protocol.
This is a breakfast.
This is a breath of fresh air.
This is a brown bear.
This is a bruising information war. At this rate we'll never come out on top. We've got to replace our CIO.
This is a bruising information war. At this rate we’ll never come out on top. We’ve got to replace our CIO.
This is a brush.
This is a bucket of sand.
This is a building used for combustion testing.
This is a bunch of junk.
This is a bus door.
This is a bus stop.
This is a bus which goes to Tokyo.
This is a business paper.
This is a business section of Tokyo.
This is a business, not a charity.
This is a busy time for me.
This is a cajón.
This is a calculated attack by the world's most powerful people on the poor and marginalized.
This is a caldera.
This is a camera made in Japan.
This is a can of molten mutton fat.
This is a can.
This is a canine tooth.
This is a cap.
This is a captivating story.
This is a car and that is a bus.
This is a car for young people.
This is a car imported from Germany.
This is a car magazine.
This is a car of Tom's.
This is a car.
This is a car. This is a big car.
This is a cargo ship, not a passenger ship.
This is a caricature of justice.
This is a carnation.
This is a carnivorous species.
This is a carpet.
This is a cat.
This is a catastrophe.
This is a cathedral.
This is a cauldron.
This is a cave.
This is a cavern.
This is a cell phone.
This is a cellar.
This is a century-old tree.
This is a certain kind of food.
This is a chainsaw.
This is a chair.
This is a challenge I've set for myself.
This is a challenge.
This is a challenging job.
This is a chance for Donald to become a designer.
This is a chance of a lifetime for me.
This is a chance one shouldn't lose.
This is a chaotic and contrived attempt.
This is a charger.
This is a chart of Algeria's GDP per capita since 2004.
This is a cheap car.
This is a cheap knock-off.
This is a chemical drain cleaner.
This is a chicken egg.
This is a chicken finger.
This is a children's song.
This is a chisel.
This is a chocolate coin.
This is a choice you have to make yourself.
This is a chrysanthemum.
This is a cider.
This is a cigar.
This is a circular saw.
This is a city in a city.
This is a city in our country.
This is a city of real historical value.
This is a city that lures you in with its cultural charm and that has so much cultural attraction.
This is a class action.
This is a classic car.
This is a classic example.
This is a classic.
This is a clean towel.
This is a clear case of food poisoning.
This is a cleaver.
This is a clinic, not a gym.
This is a clock.
This is a clue.
This is a coconut.
This is a code lock type that you can use on the entranceway as well.
This is a coffee cup made in England.
This is a coin.
This is a coincidence.
This is a collect call from Mr Nakamura in Osaka. Will you accept the charge?
This is a collection of essays.
This is a collection of poems.
This is a collector's item.
This is a comfortable bed.
This is a comfortable chair.
This is a comfortable couch to sleep on.
This is a comfortable sofa to sleep on.
This is a command, not truly a descriptive sentence.
This is a common belief in Algeria.
This is a common error.
This is a common excuse for those who don't have a good handle on the rules.
This is a common garden ivy.
This is a common misconception about Islam.
This is a common misconception.
This is a common misspelling.
This is a common mistake that tends to trip up beginners.
This is a common misunderstanding.
This is a common occurrence.
This is a common practice.
This is a common problem.
This is a common question.
This is a common symptom.
This is a community where hard work is valued.
This is a company car.
This is a company town.
This is a complete and total disaster.
This is a complete disaster.
This is a complete distortion of the facts.
This is a complete waste of time.
This is a completely false accusation.
This is a complex issue.
This is a complex problem.
This is a complex question.
This is a complicated business.
This is a complicated deal.
This is a complicated issue.
This is a complicated job.
This is a complicated legal case.
This is a complicated matter.
This is a complicated mission.
This is a complicated problem.
This is a complicated question to answer.
This is a complicated relationship.
This is a complicated situation.
This is a complicated story.
This is a comprehensive answer.
This is a comprehensive approach.
This is a comprehensive health and safety protocol.
This is a computer.
This is a concert hall.
This is a condition caused by aging.
This is a conference room, not a waiting room.
This is a conspiracy.
This is a constant problem.
This is a consular mission.
This is a controversial issue.
This is a controversial subject.
This is a conversation between men.
This is a copy of a photo of a painting. I guess that makes it a third level simulacrum.
This is a copy of the Algerian constitution.
This is a copy, not the original.
This is a cornerstone of Algeria's government policy.
This is a corpus of example sentences in various languages.
This is a cosmopolitan city.
This is a cotton towel.
This is a country where we speak English, not Spanish. This is what Donald Trump said despite the fact that the United States doesn't have an official language.
This is a crab.
This is a crazy house.
This is a crazy idea.
This is a crazy world.
This is a crime against humanity.
This is a crime committed so well, in my opinion, that I cannot bring myself to confess it.
This is a crime investigation.
This is a crime scene.
This is a crime so well placed, in my opinion, that I cannot bring my mind to confess it.
This is a criminal offense in Algeria.
This is a criminal offense.
This is a critical phase in the Algerian history.
This is a cross we all must bear.
This is a crowbar.
This is a crucial moment.
This is a crucial point.
This is a crucial question.
This is a crucial step.
This is a crude material imported from Malaysia.
This is a cruel injustice.
This is a crutch.
This is a crying shame.
This is a cup of tea.
This is a cup.
This is a curious argument.
This is a cursive script.
This is a custom of ours.
This is a custom peculiar to Japan.
This is a cyclic topic.
This is a dahlia.
This is a daily newspaper.
This is a daily occurrence.
This is a danger.
This is a dangerous game.
This is a dangerous job.
This is a dangerous mission.
This is a dangerous mixture.
This is a dangerous neighborhood.
This is a dangerous path.
This is a dangerous place to be.
This is a dangerous road.
This is a dangerous state of mind for a man to be in.
This is a dangerous thing to handle.
This is a dangerous thing.
This is a dangerous window.
This is a daunting task.
This is a day Jim will never forget.
This is a dead-end alley.
This is a dead-end street.
This is a decent town.
This is a decimal number.
This is a decision Ziri has got to make on his own.
This is a decision for Algerians to take.
This is a decision that can't be put off.
This is a decision that is very dependent upon what possibilities the family has.
This is a decision that must be made today.
This is a deep lake.
This is a deep-rooted custom in Algeria.
This is a deepfake.
This is a defective product.
This is a defibrillator.
This is a defining characteristic of an abusive relationship.
This is a definite truth.
This is a deliberate operation.
This is a deliberately false path.
This is a delicate problem.
This is a delicious cake.
This is a demanding task.
This is a democracy.
This is a demonstrative pronoun.
This is a deplorable state of affairs.
This is a deposition. You answer the questions truthfully but never volunteer anything.
This is a depressing place.
This is a desert flower.
This is a desert.
This is a desk.
This is a detergent soap.
This is a developing story.
This is a dialectal word.
This is a diaper.
This is a dictionary.
This is a different category.
This is a different kettle of fish.
This is a different pair of shoes.
This is a difficult Berber tongue twister.
This is a difficult game to play.
This is a difficult job.
This is a difficult math problem.
This is a difficult mission.
This is a difficult problem to solve.
This is a difficult problem, and it is not easy for anyone to decide.
This is a difficult problem.
This is a difficult question.
This is a difficult responsibility to embrace. For human history has often been a record of nations and tribes subjugating one another to serve their own interests. Yet in this new age, such attitudes are self-defeating.
This is a difficult situation.
This is a difficult time for Yanni.
This is a difficult time for Ziri.
This is a difficult time for all of us.
This is a digital thermometer.
This is a dinosaur, but I don't recognize the exact species.
This is a direct broadcast from the Showa theater.
This is a direct challenge.
This is a direct order.
This is a direct quote.
This is a direct reference to his early works.
This is a direct reference to the writer's early works.
This is a direct road to London.
This is a direct train to Nagoya.
This is a dirty and tiring job.
This is a dirty job, I don't want to deal with it.
This is a dirty movie.
This is a disaster waiting to happen.
This is a disaster.
This is a discussion we've had far too many times.
This is a disgrace!
This is a disgrace.
This is a disheartening step backward for the international movement to end violence against women globally.
This is a dog resembling a horse.
This is a dog that resembles a horse.
This is a dog.
This is a doghouse of my own making.
This is a doghouse that I made myself.
This is a doll that she made herself.
This is a doll which she made herself.
This is a door.
This is a doorbell.
This is a dormitory.
This is a double standard.
This is a downer.
This is a draft of the peace agreement.
This is a drawer.
This is a dream come true.
This is a dream dictionary.
This is a dream that will never come true.
This is a dream that'll never come true.
This is a dream.
This is a dress of Mary's own making.
This is a dress of Mary’s own making.
This is a dress that Mary made by herself.
This is a drink I don't particularly care for.
This is a drink better served cold.
This is a drone.
This is a drop of water.
This is a drum.
This is a dry town.
This is a duplicate copy.
This is a fact, not a fiction.
This is a fact.
This is a fail.
This is a fairly primitive website.
This is a fake diamond.
This is a fake.
This is a fallacy.
This is a false alarm.
This is a false bottom pan.
This is a falsehood.
This is a family affair.
This is a family heirloom.
This is a family shipping company, and we will never sell it!
This is a family tradition.
This is a famous bronze statue.
This is a famous tourist spot here in Brazil.
This is a famous university.
This is a fan.
This is a fantastic achievement.
This is a fantastic idea.
This is a fantastic keyboard, because it hardly makes any noise when you press down the keys.
This is a fantastic location.
This is a fantastic piece of research.
This is a fantastic place.
This is a farce.
This is a fascinating article.
This is a fascinating biography.
This is a fascinating book.
This is a fast and effective way of communication.
This is a favourite spot for dancing.
This is a federal crime.
This is a female June beetle and she's looking for a good place to lay her eggs.
This is a female giraffe.
This is a fence.
This is a fern.
This is a fertile garden.
This is a fiasco.
This is a fig tree.
This is a fight between civilization and barbarism.
This is a figment of Tom's perverted fantasy.
This is a figurative expression.
This is a film about a film.
This is a film all parents should watch.
This is a film for adults.
This is a film for men.
This is a film that everybody should see.
This is a financial nightmare for Algeria.
This is a fine car, but the steering wheel has too much play.
This is a fine mess you've got us into.
This is a fine mess you've gotten us into.
This is a fine predicament you've got us into.
This is a fine predicament you've gotten us into.
This is a fine ship.
This is a fire extinguisher.
This is a fire hazard.
This is a first for me.
This is a first for us.
This is a fish.
This is a flag.
This is a flamethrower. It throws flames.
This is a flashlight.
This is a flower.
This is a flower?
This is a fluffy towel.
This is a fluid situation.
This is a fly.
This is a folding fan, and this is how you open it. It's for hot summer days.
This is a fool's errand.
This is a forbidden dance.
This is a forged banknote.
This is a fork.
This is a fortune for us.
This is a fortune in Algeria.
This is a four thousand dollar bottle of wine.
This is a four year old male giraffe.
This is a four-way stop.
This is a fowl.
This is a fox.
This is a fragile man.
This is a free country.
This is a free demonstration Berber class.
This is a free newspaper.
This is a free sample.
This is a free sample. It doesn't cost anything.
This is a free service.
This is a free ticket.
This is a frequently used word in Berber.
This is a frictionless surface.
This is a friend of mine.
This is a friendly reminder about an overdue invoice.
This is a frightening place.
This is a frog.
This is a front-loading washing machine.
This is a frustrating problem.
This is a full attainable goal.
This is a fully reusable rocket.
This is a fun activity for children.
This is a fun activity for the whole family.
This is a fun activity.
This is a fun conlang to learn.
This is a fun date.
This is a fun homework assignment.
This is a fun party trick.
This is a fundamental error in thinking about psychology.
This is a fundamental question that needs to be addressed.
This is a fundamental question.
This is a funny sentence.
This is a funny situation.
This is a gag gift somebody gave me.
This is a gag gift someone gave me.
This is a gag gift that somebody gave me.
This is a gag gift that someone gave me.
This is a game changer.
This is a game for four players.
This is a game for young children.
This is a game that Tom and I used to play together.
This is a game, and I'm not in the mood for games.
This is a game-changer.
This is a gas turbine.
This is a gas welder and it's a little bit more expensive.
This is a gem.
This is a genius.
This is a genuine picture by Picasso.
This is a gift for Mary.
This is a gift for Tom.
This is a gift for you.
This is a gift from Tom.
This is a gift from Yumi.
This is a gift from miss Yumi.
This is a gift to show our appreciation.
This is a gift to welcome Sami into the family.
This is a gift.
This is a ginger drink.
This is a giraffe.
This is a girl I know well.
This is a girl's hat.
This is a girl.
This is a girls' locker room.
This is a given objective.
This is a glass for drinking water.
This is a glass mosaic.
This is a glass of water.
This is a goal that I've set for myself.
This is a goat, not a sheep.
This is a gold coin.
This is a gold mine.
This is a gold nugget.
This is a golden necklace.
This is a golden opportunity we'd be stupid to pass up. Let's get to work and finish it all in one fell swoop.
This is a golden opportunity we’d be stupid to pass up. Let’s get to work and finish it all in one fell swoop.
This is a good album.
This is a good amplifier.
This is a good bargain.
This is a good bird.
This is a good book except for a few mistakes.
This is a good book for anyone wishing to learn English.
This is a good book for children to read.
This is a good book, but that is better.
This is a good book, but that one is better.
This is a good book, but that one's better.
This is a good bottle of wine.
This is a good camera.
This is a good car.
This is a good choice of words.
This is a good college.
This is a good computer.
This is a good day.
This is a good deal, apparently.
This is a good deal.
This is a good dictionary for high school students.
This is a good dictionary.
This is a good edition.
This is a good eraser.
This is a good example of how to make a mountain out of a molehill.
This is a good example of making a mountain out of a molehill.
This is a good exercise to help you lose weight.
This is a good guitar.
This is a good handbook.
This is a good hiding place.
This is a good horse.
This is a good hospital.
This is a good house.
This is a good idea.
This is a good initiative.
This is a good job.
This is a good learning environment.
This is a good meal.
This is a good movie.
This is a good neighborhood to raise children.
This is a good newspaper, isn't it?
This is a good newspaper, isn’t it?
This is a good omen.
This is a good opportunity for Tom.
This is a good opportunity for investors.
This is a good opportunity to get to know one another.
This is a good opportunity.
This is a good outcome.
This is a good paper.
This is a good place for hunting.
This is a good place to build a house.
This is a good place to build a sand castle.
This is a good place to build sand castles.
This is a good place to camp.
This is a good place to do that.
This is a good place to hide.
This is a good place to meet.
This is a good place to park.
This is a good place to pitch a tent.
This is a good place to pitch our tent.
This is a good place to raise a family.
This is a good place to start the analysis.
This is a good place.
This is a good plan.
This is a good point.
This is a good question.
This is a good report, except for this mistake.
This is a good restaurant. Thank you for bringing me here.
This is a good result.
This is a good ripe fig.
This is a good school.
This is a good show.
This is a good sign for Algeria.
This is a good sign.
This is a good song.
This is a good spot.
This is a good start but we've still got a long way to go.
This is a good start, but we still have a long way to go.
This is a good start.
This is a good stove.
This is a good strategy.
This is a good suggestion.
This is a good sword.
This is a good system.
This is a good team.
This is a good textbook.
This is a good thing.
This is a good time of year to visit Boston.
This is a good time to rob the bank.
This is a good time to tell Tom what we expect of him.
This is a good time to visit Australia.
This is a good time to visit Boston.
This is a good time.
This is a good trend.
This is a good university.
This is a good way for learning Berber vocabulary.
This is a good way to get hurt.
This is a good way to show the young what this and other festivals are all about.
This is a good way to start the new year.
This is a good way to strengthen your vocabulary.
This is a good wine.
This is a good-size medlar.
This is a gorgeous town.
This is a government project.
This is a government-funded project.
This is a grammatically correct sentence.
This is a grammatically incorrect sentence.
This is a grave matter.
This is a grave mistake.
This is a great Russian writer.
This is a great Shawi dress from Rima's the latest collection.
This is a great advantage for Algeria.
This is a great apartment.
This is a great book.
This is a great business opportunity.
This is a great chance for you.
This is a great class.
This is a great company to work for.
This is a great day for Boston.
This is a great day.
This is a great dictionary.
This is a great example of how doing something poorly doesn't make you experienced, it just makes you someone with bad habits.
