When I returned an hour later there was no one home.
When I returned home from my work, I found out that somebody had robbed our flat.
When I returned home, my brother had done his homework.
When I returned home, my brother was doing his homework.
When I returned to London I called upon the milliner, who had recognised Straker as an excellent customer of the name of Derbyshire, who had a very dashing wife, with a strong partiality for expensive dresses.
When I returned to the car park, my car's windscreen had a crack in it.
When I returned to the parking lot, my car's windshield had a crack in it.
When I returned, I found some letters.
When I returned, there was no one left.
When I run, I feel the wind in my hair.
When I run, I get sweaty.
When I said 'Hello' to Tom, he hid behind his mother.
When I said I was an atheist she looked down on me.
When I said home, I meant Algeria.
When I said that I had killed a panther with nothing but a knife, this means that I did not have any dogs with me and that I did not use a rifle.
When I said that the airplane wasn't safe, no one listened to me.
When I said that this is a Western game, I meant that it has a Wild West setting, not that it is developed in the West.
When I said that work had got busy so could we split the housework my husband pulled a face.
When I said that you stimulated me I meant, to be frank, that in noting your fallacies I was occasionally guided towards the truth.
When I said that you were my best friend, I meant it.
When I said the shahada, I felt an overwhelming sense of relief.
When I saw Ali last time, he was barefoot and bareheaded.
When I saw Mary again, I had a fantastic feeling.
When I saw Mary the other day, she was wearing a red dress.
When I saw Mary, I recognized her at once.
When I saw Tom I said hello.
When I saw Tom and Mary, I recognized them at once.
When I saw Tom crying, I started crying, too.
When I saw Tom crying, I started to cry as well.
When I saw Tom get shot, I lost my courage.
When I saw Tom in that restaurant, I lost my appetite.
When I saw Tom this morning, he was wearing a blue cap.
When I saw Tom yesterday, he was wearing a cowboy hat.
When I saw Tom, I recognized him at once.
When I saw Tom, he was handcuffed.
When I saw Tom, he was with Mary.
When I saw all that, I could only shake my head in silent resignation.
When I saw her recently, she looked very happy.
When I saw her son, I remembered her.
When I saw her, I fell in love with her.
When I saw her, I felt so sorry for her.
When I saw him getting arrested, I felt like crying and I don't know if it's normal.
When I saw him he broke my heart.
When I saw him last, he was still a child.
When I saw him yesterday, he was beside himself.
When I saw him, I fell in love.
When I saw him, I felt ashamed.
When I saw him, I just panicked.
When I saw him, I thought he was going to kill me.
When I saw him, I was breathless.
When I saw him, he was still young.
When I saw his face, I was instantly on red alert.
When I saw his mother yesterday, she said he had been discharged from hospital a week ago.
When I saw his mother yesterday, she said he had left the hospital a week before.
When I saw his mother yesterday, she said he was discharged from hospital a week ago.
When I saw his mother yesterday, she said they let him out of hospital a week ago.
When I saw his new hairstyle I tried hard to suppress my laughter.
When I saw it, it took my breath away.
When I saw my sister's photo, I was astonished at how old she'd become.
When I saw my sister's picture, I was astonished at how old she'd become.
When I saw my uncle yesterday, he told me that he had returned from London three days before.
When I saw that Tom had a gun, I got scared.
When I saw that a painting was missing, I had the museum closed immediately.
When I saw that huge dog, I almost shit my pants.
When I saw that it was raining, I grabbed my brolly.
When I saw the ghost, I was so frightened that my hair stood on end.
When I saw the picture of my sister, I was astonished at how old she'd become.
When I saw the picture, I remembered the story.
When I saw the sight, tears came into my eyes.
When I saw the two of them on a date, I asked them: "Are you going to marry?"
When I saw them on a date, I asked them, "Are you getting married soon?"
When I saw them on a date, I asked them, "Do I hear wedding bells?"
When I saw what Tom was doing, I got angry.
When I saw what Tom was doing, I got mad.
When I saw what Tom was doing, I lost my courage.
When I saw what happened to Tom, I freaked.
When I saw what happened, I was speechless.
When I saw you last time, you were just a little boy, Mary.
When I saw you last time, you were just little girls.
When I saw you, I thought you were the most ugly thing I'd ever seen in my life.
When I saw your face when you came in, I was really worried.
When I say 'go', go.
When I say Yanni is a wacko, that's what I mean.
When I say go, go.
When I say hello to him, he never replies; he only inclines his head.
When I say no, I mean no.
When I say stop, stop.
When I say that this spider is harmless, I don't mean that you can catch it with your hands and handle it as you like. Big spiders don't attack people unless they are provoked, and they should not be taken for toys.
When I say that those girls are Chinese, they're Chinese.
When I say the word "squirrel", what's the first thing that comes to your mind?
When I say, "Jump!" people ask, "How high?"
When I see Tom, I will tell him.
When I see a rainbow in the sky, my heart flutters with joy.
When I see blood, I feel ill.
When I see him dance, I can't stop laughing.
When I see him, I think of my grandfather.
When I see in a dictionary or grammar that some word or expression is to be avoided, I feel totally justified in using it.
When I see myself, I notice all my flaws.
When I see people eating hayashi rice, I want to eat it myself.
When I see someone eating hayashi rice, I want to eat it, too.
When I see that play, I always cry.
When I see the moon, I'm reminded of my mom.
When I see the photo of my wife I took in Paris, I remember what a great time we had on that trip.
When I see the soundly sleeping face of my daughter, I think, "I will give it my all tomorrow, too."
When I see them, I only see them together.
When I see this photo, I think of my family.
When I see this photograph, I think of my family.
When I see this picture, I always think of the old days.
When I see this picture, I'm reminded of our holiday.
When I see this picture, I’m reminded of our holiday.
When I see typos I lose interest in answering.
When I see you I start shaking.
When I see you my heart starts beating.
When I see you, I'll be very happy.
When I see you, I’ll have been studying, so I’ll be tired.
When I see you, it is like I have eaten and drunk.
When I see you, my heart tells me that I am a lover.
When I see you, you always remind me of my brother.
When I set my mind to something, I always go all the way.
When I set my mind to something, I do it.
When I set my mind to something, I get it.
When I sing Karaoke, I sing everything from oldies from my childhood to the latest hits.
When I sing in front of people, I feel embarrassed.
When I smell pine, I remember being a kid.
When I snap my fingers, you'll wake up.
When I speak Chinese, I start to feel at ease.
When I speak French, most of the people in the room don't understand me.
When I speak French, people say I sound like a kid.
When I speak German, only Tom understands me.
When I speak Japanese, I sound like a child.
When I speak Quechua, I am like a child.
When I speak of strawberries I associate them with shortcake.
When I speak of war, I speak of real war, not of a war of religion, no. There is war for interests, there is war for money, there is war for the resources of nature, there is war for the domination of peoples...
When I speak to a Westerner, I have to shift mental gears, so to speak.
When I speak up at the wrong moment, I often get my friends and myself into difficult situations.
When I speak up, everyone else listens up.
When I speak up, everyone turns on their two ears and listen carefully to what I have to say.
When I speak, you be quiet and listen!
When I spoke Berber to them, they were confused.
When I started doing that, Tom told me to stop.
When I started graduate school, I thought I wanted to be a molecular biologist, but the lab work is too boring.
When I started learning languages, it was hard to assimilate new words and keep a pace to study, but now, after having practiced for several years I do my routine unconsciously. You can't really finish learning a language, ever, but you can reach quite a high fluency. In my case, I learn approximately 3 or 4 languages at the same time and I don't get confused. It's all a matter of practice, accustoming and how well you get used to.
When I started my business in Algeria, I met the right people and things took off from there.
When I started reading the book, I found it interesting.
When I started school I had a teacher who took a sympathetic and open minded approach.
When I started this diet, I had a 44-inch waist.
When I started to do that, Tom told me to stop.
When I started to fix the language, I got wrapped around the axle.
When I started traveling, I rarely felt lonely.
When I started using a computer I was taken in by Norton's CPU-hungry software and had a lot of trouble.
When I started using a computer I was taken in by Norton’s CPU-hungry software and had a lot of trouble.
When I stirred the cocoa mix swimming in the cup of milk, a galactic spiral formed for a bit on the top, spinning rapidly. A milky way.
When I stood up, I realized that Tom was much taller than I was.
When I stood up, I realized that Tom was much taller than me.
When I stood up, my head was swimming.
When I stopped by this morning, Tom was still in his pajamas.
When I strike, I strike hard.
When I study Toki Pona, I remember Tarzan saying, "Me Tarzan, you Jane."
When I study a foreign language, I like to study with a native speaker of that language.
When I study the rules of the game of Go, it looks like I'm learning a new language.
When I study, I listen to music with earphones.
When I swallow I feel an intense pain caused by my elongated temporal styloid process. My condition is called "Eagle Syndrome".
When I take a deep breath, a pain runs down the right side of my back.
When I take the floor, everyone hangs upon my every word during conversations.
When I take the floor, everyone's ears tunes in carefully to what I have to say.
When I talk about secularism, I'm talking about a world where everyone can have something in common regardless of religion or lack thereof. When the French and Quebecois talk about "laïcité", they're talking about suppression of religion (chiefly non-Catholic), which is not secularism.
When I talk to Tom, I get all excited. Don't you think he's an interesting person?
When I talk with my dad, I realize how much wiser he is than me.
When I talk with my intellectual friends, my conviction that absolute happiness is an unattainable fantasy is solidified. On the other hand, when I talk with my gardener, I become convinced of the opposite.
When I talked to him, he listened to me.
When I talked with him on the phone, he sounded tired.
When I tell you 'jump', you jump!
When I tell you pick up the left rock, it will be the right one, and then only the right rock will be left.
When I tell you to come in at a certain time I mean that time and not half an hour later.
When I think about it now, our family lived a very miserable life.
When I think about those students, it gives me a headache.
When I think back on what I did, I feel pretty stupid.
When I think of Germany at night, I feel sleepless.
When I think of all I had to go through and endure for him.
When I think of our standing in the series from now I don't want us to lose even once!
When I think of our standing in the series from now I don’t want us to lose even once!
When I think of you, only one thing comes to mind: arrogance.
When I think of you, only one thing comes to mind: your disgusting arrogance.
When I thought of that, I couldn’t help smiling.
When I tire of Earthlings, I want to look for aliens.
When I told Mary I'd done that, she got angry.
When I told Mary I'd done that, she smiled.
When I told Tom I'd done that, he got angry.
When I told Tom I'd done that, he smiled.
When I told Tom about us, he got very angry.
When I told Tom and Mary I'd done that, they got angry.
When I told Tom and Mary I'd done that, they smiled.
When I told Tom of the dream I had last night, he went Joseph on me and interpreted it.
When I told Tom that I was hungry, he said he was hungry, too.
When I told Tom that, he didn't say anything.
When I told her I'd never seen such a homely girl, she accused me of sexual harassment.
When I told her I’d never seen such a homely girl, she accused me of sexual harassment.
When I told him I had some good news for him, he was all ears.
When I told him I liked the picture, I really meant it.
When I told him I liked the picture, I really meant that.
When I told him that I liked the painting, I was serious.
When I told him that, he got furious.
When I told him that, he was very much embarrassed.
When I told my father about Islam, he thought I was being brainwashed.
When I told my father about Islam, he thought that I was being brainwashed by my Muslim girlfriend.
When I told my parents about Islam, they thought that I was being brainwashed by my Muslim friends.
When I told them I'd done it, they looked at me like I was nuts.
When I told you I was pregnant, that was a lie.
When I took a good look at the children standing on my porch, I knew they were the same kids that went missing the night before.
When I took my shahada in the mosque, I was hugged by many people.
When I took my shahada, I felt like there was a burden that was lifted off of me.
When I took my shahada, I felt that I was with God.
When I took my shahada, I started crying like a baby.
When I took the plug out of the sink, the water gurgled down the plughole.
When I took the shahada, it was a really incredible moment for me.
When I took up the old carpet, I wasn't surprised to find that the underlay had perished.
When I touch you, you tremble. I know that you're you still love me.
When I touched him on the shoulder and warned him to come quietly with us, he answered us as bold as brass, 'I suppose you are arresting me for being concerned in the death of that scoundrel Drebber.'
When I transform into a rabbit, I mercilessly hug people.
When I travel somewhere, I never take much baggage with me.
When I travel, I don't wear armor.
When I travel, I don’t wear armor.
When I travel, I prefer to travel by air.
When I traveled to the city, I often visited the museums.
When I tried going to the ramen shop my friend recommended, there was a line.
When I tried it on, everything was fine, but I didn't like the finished dress.
When I tried to explain my reasons he simply became even angrier.
When I tried to grout the tub myself, I did a terrible job.
When I tried to log in yesterday, I got the error message: "Incorrect password."
When I tried to move the desk, one of its legs made a jarring sound as it scraped across the floor.
When I tried to play the video, I got an error message on the screen.
When I tried to punch the mirror, my hand phased through it and the momentum sucked me into it.
When I tried to set the glass down in the sink my hand slipped and it shattered to pieces.
When I tried to speak to her, I always found myself too shy to do more than stammer or say something stupid.
When I tried to speak to her, I was always too nervous to do more than stammer or say something stupid.
When I tripped, I had trouble getting back up.
When I try to import the Videos folder, I get an error.
When I try to listen to music with media player there's an error and I can't play the file.
When I try to listen to music with media player there’s an error and I can’t play the file.
When I try to walk, I get an awful pain here.
When I turn my head, I feel a pain in my neck.
When I turn the fan on in the room, a cool breeze comes in from under the door.
When I turned 15 years old, I was given my own room.
When I turned fifteen I started going out more.
When I turned on the air conditioner and toaster oven, the circuit breaker tripped.
When I turned the screw, water burst out.
When I understood him I thought better of him.
When I undertook my long wandering in those deserts, there were naked and boring stretches of land between 1200 and 1300 meters high.
When I unplugged the bathroom sink, the water gushed down the drain.
When I use a word, Humpty Dumpty said, it means just what I choose it to mean - neither more nor less.
When I use contacts, my eyes feel dry and become red.
When I used the mixer, I got myself all messy.
When I visited Ken he was studying.
When I visited Ken, he was studying.
When I visited Tom's house, I found he owned a lot of rice fish.
When I visited my friend in Nagano, I was treated to delicious soba.
When I visited my friend in Nagoya, I was treated to delicious soba.
When I visited my hometown this summer, I found the city different from what it had been ten years ago.
When I visited that mosque, I talked to God for the first time in forty years.
When I visited their apartment, the couple was right in the middle of an argument.
When I visited their flat, the couple were in the middle of an argument.
When I wake up, it's time for coffee.
When I walked in, everyone fell silent.
When I walked into the room there was a sudden silence and it felt like the temperature dropped 10 degrees.
When I walked into the room, I saw that he was writing.
When I walked into the room, they stopped talking.
When I want something, I usually get it.
When I want to be sure I remember where I have put an object, I mustn’t do it with averted eyes, but while putting it away look at it so intently, as if I were taking a photo.
When I want to cry, I think of you.
When I want your opinion, I'll ask for it.
When I want your opinion, I'll ask you for it.
When I was 10 years old, I thought that when I would be 16, my life would be cool.
When I was 10, my brother left our home.
When I was 12, I had a cat.
When I was 17 or 18 years old, I started buying candy with my own money and I always bought marshmallows.
When I was 17, I injured myself playing football. I collided with someone and as a result of this I broke some of my teeth.
When I was 17, I knew how to do many card tricks.
When I was 18 I drank.
When I was 18, I decided to take a year off from college.
When I was 84, I dreamt about a fleeting love.
When I was 9 years old, I went to South Germany.
When I was a baby, what could I do?
When I was a boy I went fishing a lot.
When I was a boy, I always got up early.
When I was a boy, I felt a great desire to spend my life on the sea; and as I grew up the desire grew stronger.
When I was a boy, I kept differently coloured hamsters and guinea pigs as pets. Different hair colours of people do not bother me even if the hair is not black. I know that it is otherwise with some people. I opine that the language in which a person thinks greatly affects his or her behaviour.
When I was a boy, I often read a book in bed.
When I was a boy, I once saw a very beautiful picture of a snake swallowing an elephant.
When I was a boy, I thought that I wanted to be a doctor.
When I was a boy, I was addicted to reading detective stories.
When I was a boy, I'd go to the ocean every summer.
When I was a cadet, I had no idea what I was getting myself into joining the army.
When I was a child I often walked in the woods.
When I was a child I wanted to be an engineer, but now I want to be a translator or an interpreter.
When I was a child I would get so excited the night before a school excursion that my heart would be pounding and I couldn't sleep.
When I was a child I would get so excited the night before a school excursion that my heart would be pounding and I couldn’t sleep.
When I was a child I would love to learn Japanese, but now I am learning English and French.
When I was a child in Manila, my family sometimes dined in a Chinese restaurant. At the end, there was always almond jelly in syrup for dessert.
When I was a child, I always got out of bed early.
When I was a child, I always went to the sea to swim.
When I was a child, I believed in Father Christmas.
When I was a child, I believed in Santa Claus.
When I was a child, I could never have imagined myself becoming an accountant someday.
When I was a child, I could sleep anywhere.
When I was a child, I didn't like tomatoes.
When I was a child, I didn't think that monsters were that scary.
When I was a child, I enjoyed destroying anthills.
When I was a child, I liked to drink weak instant coffee.
When I was a child, I liked to walk in the rain.
When I was a child, I often did that.
When I was a child, I often went swimming in the sea.
When I was a child, I played catch with my father.
When I was a child, I played with Play-Doh.
When I was a child, I played with my friends every day.
When I was a child, I spent many hours reading alone in my room.
When I was a child, I spent most of my time indoors reading.
When I was a child, I took music lessons.
When I was a child, I used to go to the beach every summer.
When I was a child, I used to go to the seashore every summer.
When I was a child, I used to like sliding down the staircase banister.
When I was a child, I used to play baseball after school.
When I was a child, I used to play in that park.
When I was a child, I used to play in the street.
When I was a child, I used to spend time reading alone in my room.
When I was a child, I used to swim in that pond.
When I was a child, I usually went to the market with my mother.
When I was a child, I wanted to be an astronaut.
When I was a child, I wanted to become a scientist, but now I'm studying International Trade.
When I was a child, I was always drinking milk.
When I was a child, I was never bored in the holidays.
When I was a child, I was spanked if I did something wrong.
When I was a child, I was very chubby.
When I was a child, I would like to learn Chinese, but now I am learning English.
When I was a child, I would often call on him on Sunday.
When I was a child, I would often visit him on Sunday.
When I was a child, I would spend hours reading alone in my room.
When I was a child, I'd visit my grandparents several times a month.
When I was a child, my mother made me eat everything on my plate.
When I was a child, my mother made me eat green vegetables every day.
When I was a child, my mother would often read fairy tales to me.
When I was a child, my parents often bought toys for me.
When I was a child, my parents used to buy toys for me.
When I was a child, only children from wealthy families had ringed notebooks.
When I was a child, our house seemed bigger than now.
When I was a child, the most painful time of the day was mealtime.
When I was a child, there was a sprawling swap meet held every weekend a few towns away. I remember the hardened characters that stood around fire barrels, selling their wares.
When I was a child, we respected our elders.
When I was a child, whenever I did something bad, I would get spanked.
When I was a college student, I always pulled all-nighters before tests.
When I was a girl, I almost never ate fruits.
When I was a kid I could sleep anywhere.
When I was a kid I used to walk 1 hour to school, those days were very difficult.
When I was a kid I was jerking off in my room, and my mom came in just right at the moment when I was coming.
When I was a kid we called sowbugs “roly-polys”, because they roll up in a ball when threatened. In some other places that kind of isopod is called a “woodlouse”.
When I was a kid, I could sleep anywhere.
When I was a kid, I daren't go on the roller coaster. I still don't like it.
When I was a kid, I dreamed of becoming a star like Seiko Matsuda.
When I was a kid, I had a dog called Bello.
When I was a kid, I had a dog named Cookie.
When I was a kid, I hardly ever ate fruit.
When I was a kid, I liked to read fairy tales.
When I was a kid, I loved "Jurassic Park".
When I was a kid, I loved lollipops.
When I was a kid, I loved reading Mort & Phil.
When I was a kid, I loved the film Jurassic Park.
When I was a kid, I often played in that park.
When I was a kid, I often read comic books.
When I was a kid, I often went to the beach to go swimming.
When I was a kid, I played catch with my dad.
When I was a kid, I played catch with my father.
When I was a kid, I remember my mother used to stay awake all night waiting for my older brother to come home.
When I was a kid, I spent summer vacations at my maternal grandparents'.
When I was a kid, I thought that if I died the world would just disappear. What a childish delusion! I just couldn't accept that the world could continue to exist without me.
When I was a kid, I thought that if I died the world would just disappear. What a childish delusion! I just couldn’t accept that the world could continue to exist without me.
When I was a kid, I used to filch candy bars all the time.
When I was a kid, I used to often play by myself.
When I was a kid, I used to often play in that park.
When I was a kid, I used to play baseball after school.
When I was a kid, I used to spend hours listening to the radio.
When I was a kid, I used to think that fairy floss and clouds were alike.
When I was a kid, I wanted to be a dog.
When I was a kid, I wanted to be a train driver.
When I was a kid, I was all thumbs.
When I was a kid, I was often ill.
When I was a kid, I was one of the few boys in our street who didn't like football.
When I was a kid, I was told that butter is bad for one's health.
When I was a kid, I was very chubby.
When I was a kid, I was very scared of the dark.
When I was a kid, I was very shy.
When I was a kid, I went to Boston every summer to visit my grandparents.
When I was a kid, I went to Boston every summer.
When I was a kid, I went to the beach every summer.
When I was a kid, I won a drawing contest.
When I was a kid, it was normal to see my mom with a black eye or a split lip.
When I was a kid, mum used to darn our socks when they got holes in them. Nowadays, most people just throw them away and buy a new pair.
When I was a kid, my classmates and I would all take marbles to school to play with. These days, most kids have got smartphones and iPods.
When I was a kid, my father was a truck driver.
When I was a kid, my parents often bought toys for me.
When I was a kid, our family had a kumquat tree.
When I was a kid, that song used to make my heart ache. I couldn't tell you why then, and I can't tell you why now.
When I was a kid, there was a black pig in a pen beside our house.
When I was a kid, there'd be nightly arguments about whose turn it was to wash up.
When I was a kid, touching bugs didn't bother me a bit. Now I can hardly stand looking at pictures of them.
When I was a kid, touching bugs didn’t bother me a bit. Now I can hardly stand looking at pictures of them.
When I was a kid, we used to play hide and seek quite a lot.
When I was a little boy, I often went fishing with my brother in the river.
When I was a little boy, I wanted to be a teacher when I grew up.
When I was a little boy, my father and I went to Boston to visit my great-grandfather.
When I was a little child, I used to play baseball after school.
When I was a little child, I wasn't frightened of anything.
When I was a little child, my parents got divorced.
When I was a little girl, I wanted to be a teacher when I grew up.
When I was a little kid, I didn't like the dark at all.
When I was a small boy in Kansas, a friend of mine and I went fishing and as we sat there in the warmth of the summer afternoon on a river bank, we talked about what we wanted to do when we grew up. I told him that I wanted to be a real major league baseball player, a genuine professional like Honus Wagner. My friend said that he'd like to be President of the United States. Neither of us got our wish.
When I was a small child, I was often afraid of things.
When I was a student I lived in Paris.
When I was a student at MIT I used to eat at a certain restaurant in Boston.
When I was a student at my university, UBC, I often ate lunch by myself on the balcony steps in the old Aquatic Centre. I could watch the swimmers.
When I was a student, I did that every day.
When I was a student, I kept a diary in English.
When I was a student, I kept a journal in English.
When I was a student, I lived in Boston.
When I was a student, I lived in Paris.
When I was a student, I lived in a bedsit.
When I was a student, I often did that.
When I was a student, I spent six months studying in England.
When I was a student, I studied at least three hours every night.
When I was a student, I studied three hours every day.
When I was a student, I used to do that quite often.
When I was a student, I used to go to London every weekend.
When I was a student, I used to go to that pizza parlor.
When I was a student, I was the worst at composition.
When I was a student, I would go to London every weekend.
When I was a teenager I had lots of hair on my head and none on my chest. Now it's just the opposite.
When I was a teenager I had lots of hair on my head and none on my chest. Now it’s just the opposite.
When I was a teenager, I used to stop at a convenience store every day on the way home from school.
When I was a teenager, I used to visit my grandparents about once a month.
When I was a teenager, my parents would never allow me to go out with boys so I was always sad.
When I was a teenager, the German song "99 Luftballons" by the band Nena was very popular.
When I was a teenager, the television miniseries Shōgun about Japan was very popular.
When I was a teenager, we used to hang out at the mall.
When I was a university student, I always pulled an all-nighter before a test.
When I was a young girl, I always wanted to live underwater.
When I was a youngster here on Lulu Island, I enjoyed Halloween. I could fill a whole large plastic bag of sweets from joyful trick-or-treating, door-to-door. That time, Saunders Road nearby still had ancient character homes.
When I was about to leave my house, I got a phone call from Tom.
When I was about to leave my house, I got a phone call from her.
When I was about to leave my house, I got a telephone call from her.
When I was about to leave, it began to rain.
When I was abroad I went to see your uncle.
When I was alone, I was thinking about us.
When I was an elementary school student, I walked to school.
When I was an undergraduate in university, I sometimes would eat my lunch at the Graduate Student Centre, as it was nice and quiet there.
When I was asked by an old man where the church was, I pointed it out.
When I was asked by my wife where I was going tomorrow and with whom, I rushed it and ended up giving a confused answer.
When I was at high school the subjects I liked were geography and history.
When I was at high school, I knew a lot of jokes.
When I was at school, left-handed kids were forced to write right-handed.
When I was at school, we were caned regularly. Nowadays, it's illegal in many schools for a teacher to hit a student.
When I was at secondary school, I got up at six o'clock every morning.
When I was at secondary school, I would get up at six in the morning.
When I was at the hospital, she didn't come to visit me.
When I was at their place last time, they were living in a small, two-roomed flat.
When I was at university, I liked to study Latin.
When I was at war, I drank tea.
When I was badly off, I fell back on him.
When I was born, my mom was just fifteen.
When I was born, my uncle was about to turn fifty years old.
When I was cleaning the attic, I found some old pictures of my grandparents.
When I was close to your age, I met and fell deeply in love with a beautiful woman.
When I was creating Viko, one of my first conlangs, I made the mistake of leaving the homonym switch on during the vocabulary generation. Someone on the Web alerted me, and I redid my vocabulary generation with the homonym switch off.
When I was crossing the street, I saw an accident.
When I was eight, my mom bought toys for me.
When I was eighteen years old, I left my parents' home.
When I was eighteen, I could speak eight languages.
When I was eighteen, I wanted to change the world.
When I was empowered to develop my own safety and recovery plans, I began to develop more personal autonomy.
When I was feeding my dog, I noticed that the gate had been left open.
When I was fifteen years old, I could speak five languages.
When I was fifteen, I got a room of my own.
When I was five years old I could not read.
When I was five, I bought my first 45 RPM record from a man in a stand outside a department store.
When I was four, my parents and I moved to Algiers.
When I was growing up, I never imagined that I would become famous.
When I was growing up, I saw the largest boy in the village. Since I saw that unit, I have not been able to sleep.
When I was growing up, everyone in my family had to share the same computer.
When I was growing up, fewer than 300,000 girls played high school sports. Today, because of Title IX, more than 3 million girls are on the field.
When I was growing up, my father used to beat my mother.
When I was happy, I had many friends. When times were gray, I found myself alone.
When I was having a bath, a good idea came to me.
When I was having a clear-up, I happened to lay my hands on a photo of you. Shall I send it to you?
When I was helpless, no one came to my defense.
When I was in Australia, I met many interesting people.
When I was in Australia, I visited Tom.
When I was in Boston someone broke into my room and stole my wallet.
When I was in Boston, I happened to meet an old friend.
When I was in Boston, I met an old friend.
When I was in Boston, I ran into Tom.
When I was in Boston, I used to eat out at least once a week.
When I was in Boston, I visited Tom.
When I was in Boston, I'd play tennis with Tom quite often.
When I was in England, I had great difficulty trouble in speaking English.
When I was in England, I used to swear much.
When I was in Japan decades ago, I could have taken thousands of pictures, but at that time, photography was more inconvenient. Anyway, the Web now has many enjoyable images from Japan.
When I was in Japan, I bought a beautiful little purple vase on a black wooden base with a handle. I gave it to my mother living on Lulu Island, but she lost it. Retrospectively, I should have just kept it for myself, as I like cute things and purple.
When I was in Jerusalem, I heard the call to the prayer.
When I was in Kabylie, Algeria, I was a Berber teacher.
When I was in London last year, someone broke into my room and stole my wallet.
When I was in New York, I happened to meet my old friend.
When I was in New York, I visited Brooklyn.
When I was in Paris, I became acquainted with two or three painters, and I went to visit their atelier from time to time. I was always fascinated by their method of work and their way of life.
When I was in Salem, I would often play tennis with John.
When I was in Spain, I listened to this kind of music. It was very fast and its fans smoked pot in order to dance to it.
When I was in Tokyo, I ate sushi every day.
When I was in college, I always studied most of the night just before a test.
When I was in college, I could forget to bring my music player or my camera and still be ok. These days, if I forget my smartphone, I'm screwed!
When I was in elementary school I thought, from the bottom of my heart, that the teachers were great people and I was influenced by the teachers' attitudes and moral lessons, but middle school was just a business like any other.
When I was in elementary school I thought, from the bottom of my heart, that the teachers were great people and I was influenced by the teachers’ attitudes and moral lessons, but middle school was just a business like any other.
When I was in elementary school, I read this book.
When I was in elementary school, my mother always fetched me from school.
When I was in high school, I got out of bed every morning at six.
When I was in high school, I got up at six every morning.
When I was in high school, I used to earn extra money babysitting.
When I was in high school, I was cool.
When I was in high school, I was the best student in my class.
When I was in high school, I was the tallest student in my class.
When I was in high school, I wished every day that a meteorite would fall.
When I was in high school, I woke up at 6 every morning.
When I was in middle school, I had a friend in the track club who normally studied 3 hours a day. He didn't speed up the pace before tests. On the contrary, he didn't have any club activities and so had lot of free time, so before the test we would go to his house and play video games every day. If we hadn't done that, I would have gotten better grades too.
When I was in middle school, I was talking with my therapist, and we had such a great talk that I thought "Maybe there's something between us", and I tried to get a kiss. But she gave me the cold shoulder and told me to stop. It was at this moment I knew I had screwed up.
When I was in my first years of grade school, my father taught me a haiku and I longed to be a poet. On my Tanabata wish, I also wrote "Please make me a poet". Thirty years have passed and my wish has been granted. I am without doubt an invalid.
When I was in primary school, I dreamt of becoming a pilot.
When I was in prison, I dreamed of the beach.
When I was in school, I dreamed of becoming a pilot.
When I was in school, I really hated writing essays.
When I was in school, I used to be really good in Berber.
When I was in school, left-handed kids were forced to write with their right hands.
When I was in secondary school, I arose every morning at six o'clock.
When I was in the bath, the telephone rang.
When I was in the hospital, only one person visited me.
When I was in university, people there were not poverty-conscious.
When I was inside my mother's womb, I looked through my mother's navel at the house where I would be born and I thought: "No way I'm going there".
When I was inside my mother's womb, I looked through my mother's navel at the house where I would be born and I thought: "This won't do".
When I was inside my mother’s womb, I looked through my mother’s navel at the house where I would be born and I thought: "No way I’m going there".
When I was inside my mother’s womb, I looked through my mother’s navel at the house where I would be born and I thought: "This won’t do".
When I was leaving home, I saw Tanina laughing.
When I was little I accidentally stepped on an earthworm.
When I was little I collected stamps.
When I was little I cried about everything, now i only cry when I'm sad.
When I was little I used to get into all kinds of trouble.
When I was little I wanted to be a lawyer, but now I want to be a translator or an interpreter.
When I was little, I always woke up early.
When I was little, I believed in Santa.
When I was little, I collected stamps.
When I was little, I couldn't eat fish.
When I was little, I couldn't go to the bathroom by myself in the middle of the night, so I always had to wake up my sister.
When I was little, I had a top. I loved to spin it and watch it, waiting for it to stop.
When I was little, I liked playing basketball more than soccer.
When I was little, I often played with dolls.
When I was little, I read all her books.
When I was little, I read for hours alone in my room.
When I was little, I spent a lot of time in the country with my grandparents.
When I was little, I supposedly ate nothing but peaches.
When I was little, I thought the Mort & Phil comics were hilarious.
When I was little, I used to spend many hours reading alone in my room.
When I was little, I used to wake up to the sound of my mother shaving katsuobushi.
When I was little, I wanted to have a pet brown bear to scare my neighbors.
When I was little, I was blonde.
When I was little, I was clumsy.
When I was little, I would only wear pants.
When I was little, I'd put on superhero masks.
When I was little, Mom would stuff me with food.
When I was little, grandpa and grandma would come to baby-sit. At night in bed grandma would read to me. Or grandpa would tell a story.
When I was little, my grandmother would put out a small bowl of milk specifically for hedgehogs.
When I was little, people would tease me and call me a "lemur".
When I was little, there was a chart for chores on the wall in the house.
When I was little, these shoes were too big for me, and now they are just right.
When I was little, we had a chart for chores on the wall at home.
When I was living in Japan, it seemed like a whole different planet from North America.
When I was moving, my real estate agent helped me choose a house.
When I was on the point of leaving London, it began to snow.
When I was passing by the road, I saw men fighting.
When I was playing video games in the living room, Mother asked me if I would go shopping with her.
When I was playing video games in the living room, my mom asked me if I would go shopping with her.
When I was reading a book, the telephone rang.
When I was seven, some neighborhood boys dared me to ride my bicycle down a steep hill. That didn't turn out well.
When I was sharing with them, very few did as much.
When I was sick, Tom came over and cooked dinner for me.
When I was sick, she didn't come to visit me.
When I was six years old, I drank alcohol. I thought it was fruit juice.
When I was six, my grandfather brought me to a zoo.
When I was sixteen, I played tennis for the first time.
When I was small I kept a diary.
When I was small I was one of the few boys on the street who didn't like football.
When I was small I was one of the few boys on the street who didn't like soccer.
When I was small and I broke my leg, I suffered a lot.
When I was small, I had a golden hamster.
When I was small, I read all of her books.
When I was small, my father used to throw me up in the air.
When I was staying in Boston, I made her acquaintance.
When I was still a newcomer, I did only odd jobs and wasn't given any serious work.
When I was still a student, I lived in a small studio apartment.
When I was still a student, I lived in a small studio.
When I was strolling along the beach this morning, I found this bottle.
When I was studying at Beijing University, my parents came to China and traveled for three months.
When I was studying to become a lawyer, my teachers told me to never ask a question that I didn't know the answer to.
When I was stung by an angry bee, my face swelled up.
When I was taking a bath, the telephone rang.
When I was talking with him, he was constantly looking to his side.
When I was teaching Berber in Algiers, I'd sometimes organize trips to Chrea.
When I was ten years old, I thought that when I would be sixteen, my life would be cool.
When I was ten years old, my grandma moved in with us.
When I was ten, Dad got me my first recording set.
When I was thirteen years old, I couldn't speak French at all.
When I was thirteen years old, I was told that my French was really good.
When I was thirteen years old, my dad bought me my own fishing boat.
When I was thirteen, my dad bought me my own fishing boat.
When I was thirteen, my parents got divorced.
When I was thirteen, someone told me I was really good at French.
When I was three years old my name Tom was changed to John.
When I was three years old, my name was changed from Tom to John.
When I was three, 'tomorrow' to me meant 'in a nearly infinite amount of time', so when my parents would tell me I was going to get something tomorrow, I would start crying since it meant I could never get what I wanted. Now, though, at the wise age of seven, waiting for the following day to come was much easier, and I was even able to comprehend that the onset of winter would not last forever.
When I was traveling from Australia to New Zealand, I met a nice girl on the plane.
When I was traveling from Boston to Chicago, I met a nice girl on the plane.
When I was traveling from Boston to New York, I met a nice girl on the bus.
When I was twenty two years old, I was the master of the breast stroke.
When I was twenty years old, I thought I had all the time in the world.
When I was twenty-four, I moved to Kabylie.
When I was unemployed, I received unemployment benefits.
When I was unemployed, I was receiving unemployment benefits.
When I was very small, we lived in a house in Utsunomiya, about a hundred kilometres north of Tokyo.
When I was very young, my father died. His younger brother, due to the vicissitudes of the times and to his own laziness, dissipated his own fortune and afterwards became a peddler of writing materials. He often came to our house, but when he came, my mother would scold him and he would be troubled.
When I was waiting for the bus, I ran into my friend.
When I was waiting in line, I read a newspaper.
When I was with him, I felt like a bird trapped in a cage, so I split up with him.
When I was working for a public school, I had ten to fifteen students in a class.
When I was working for a public school, I had ten-fifteen students in a class.
When I was young I got lots of things for free.
When I was young I used to pray for a bike. Then I realized that God doesn't work that way. So I stole a bike and prayed for forgiveness.
When I was young I used to pray for a bike. Then I realized that God doesn’t work that way. So I stole a bike and prayed for forgiveness.
When I was young I used to read a lot of novels.
When I was young I was amazed at Plutarch's statement that the elder Cato began at the age of eighty to learn Greek. I am amazed no longer. Old age is ready to undertake tasks that youth shirked because they would take too long.
When I was young I wasted too much time.
When I was young I wouldn't wear pants.
When I was young, I also liked this one.
When I was young, I endured suffering. My strong and sturdy heart feared nothing.
When I was young, I endured suffering; I laughed at pain, and I didn't mind suffering. But now that I'm old, I can't take it.
When I was young, I had a spinning top and I loved to make it spin to see when it would stop.
When I was young, I liked to plant sunflowers.
When I was young, I lived just around the corner from a small confectionery. I spent many a week's allowance there on colorful candies.
When I was young, I often got teased because one of my ears is bigger than the other.
When I was young, I often played with dolls.
When I was young, I read a lot of novels.
When I was young, I remember building a secret hideout on the mountain behind out house with my friends.
When I was young, I tried to read as many books as I could.
When I was young, I used to climb trees a lot.
When I was young, I used to go swimming in a nearby creek.
When I was young, I used to listen to the music of The Beatles.
When I was young, I used to often watch baseball games.
When I was young, I used to only wear skirts.
When I was young, I wanted to be an inventor.
When I was young, I was a big football fan.
When I was young, I was a bit scruffy and there were times when I didn't take a bath for up to two weeks during the summer.
When I was young, I was a bit scruffy and there were times when I didn’t take a bath for up to two weeks during the summer.
When I was young, I was living from hand to mouth.
When I was young, I was more agile.
When I was young, I went to church every Sunday.
When I was young, I would often go to watch baseball games.
When I was young, I would often watch baseball.
When I was young, I would play near that river.
When I was young, Tom and I used to often go swimming together.
When I was young, all the kids in the neighborhood used to fly kites.
When I was young, all this was a pasture.
When I was young, my dear Tom, the solar system still had nine planets.
When I was young, my father often talked to me about the Golden Pavilion.
When I was young, my father used to take me to school.
When I was young, people always told me I was ugly.
When I was young, people always told me that I was ugly.
When I was young, the hippest thing a kid could own was a transistor radio.
When I was young, we could swim in the river.
When I was young, we used to swim in the river.
When I was young...
When I was younger I could remember anything, whether it happened or not.
When I was younger I thought that ice cream vendors could eat as much ice cream as they wanted for free.
When I was younger I wasn't as interested, unfortunately.
When I was younger, I always travelled as a hitchhiker.
When I was younger, I always used to go for long walks at weekends.
When I was younger, I didn't like to sing.
When I was younger, I hated going to weddings. My grandmothers and aunts would huddle around me, poke me in the side, and giggle "You're next! You're next!" They only stopped this nonsense when I began to do the same thing at funerals.
When I was younger, I liked a lot of pathos in music.
When I was younger, I thought I could do anything.
When I was younger, I used to always go hiking on weekends.
When I was younger, I used to listen to a lot of punk rock.
When I was younger, I was able to do that.
When I was younger, I was able to do this much better.
When I was younger, many people used to say I was beautiful.
When I was younger, many people used to say I was good-looking.
When I was younger, they were teaching Home Economics at college.
When I was your age, I bicycled to and from school every day.
When I was your age, I cycled to school and back every day.
When I was your age, I had a boyfriend.
When I was your age, I had a girlfriend.
When I was your age, I had a job.
When I was your age, I had to walk to school.
When I was your age, I knew Virgil and all the others by heart.
When I was your age, I thought the same way as you about this issue.
When I was your age, I used to walk to school.
When I was your age, I walked to school every day.
When I was your age, I was already married.
When I was your age, I was already working.
When I was your age, Pluto was a planet.
When I was your age, things were very different.
When I was your age, we had to walk six miles in the snow to get to school, in our bare feet, uphill both ways!
When I was your age, we had to walk to school.
When I was your age, we had to walk uphill to school, both ways.
When I wash dishes, I am all thumbs.
When I watch Japanese anime, I usually have the Japanese soundtrack on. It sounds much better. And it's not just language practice... Yay!
When I wear a mask, my glasses fog up.
When I wear a mask, my glasses get steamed up.
When I wear a wig no one notices.
When I wear this suit, I feel twenty years younger.
When I went down to the garden, two little girls were picking daisies.
When I went home, I cried.
When I went into his house, I was stunned by all the trophies. He was a great athlete. What a shame that age kept him from continuing.
When I went into his room, he showed me the numerous trophies he had won during the twenty years he had played golf.
When I went into the classroom, the book was lying where I left it.
When I went off the main street and entered a narrow alley, I spotted the cafe I was headed for.
When I went on vacation to Spain, I went to a museum to see an exhibition of old farming equipment.
When I went to Algeria, I immediately experienced improvement in my spoken Berber.
When I went to Algeria, my Berber was pretty good.
When I went to Mexico for Christmas, I woke up every morning with at least 3 fresh mosquito bites.
When I went to Tokyo, I met him.
When I went to bed on the evening of November 27, I picked up my blind cat and said to her, "You and me, we're alone in this world." But two days later, my blind cat died, and I've remained completely and utterly alone.
When I went to buy a can of coffee from the vending machine, it came out with a clunk.
When I went to him he was sleeping, but I woke him up.
When I went to him, he was sleeping.
When I went to look, I found Tom fast asleep.
When I went to look, I found the boy fast asleep.
When I went to school cafeteria, the mashed potatoes were covered in a really suspicious brown sauce, so I decided to just get an apple instead. I bit into it and immediately spit it out, for the inside was mushy and disgusting. I'm bringing sack lunch tomorrow.
When I went to that Kabyle village, everyone was inviting me to their house.
When I went to the US, I gained weight.
When I went to the dentist, he told me to raise my hand whenever it hurt, but when I did he waved me off and told me to hang on a minute. So what was the point of him telling me that earlier?
When I went to wake Tom up, he said he wanted to sleep a while longer.
When I win the lottery, I'll stop working.
When I woke up I felt rested and refreshed.
When I woke up I remembered everything.
When I woke up in the morning, there was no one in the house. I was abandoned for the whole day.
When I woke up it took me a while to realize where I was.
When I woke up my head was at the foot of the bed.
When I woke up on my first morning back in my hometown, I asked my 5-year-old nephew what the plan was for the day. “We’re going to make chocolate chip cookies,” he told me.
When I woke up this morning, I felt a little ill.
When I woke up this morning, I felt ill.
When I woke up this morning, I felt sick.
When I woke up this morning, both of my parents had gone to work.
When I woke up this morning, it was raining hard.
When I woke up this morning, the rain had turned into snow.
When I woke up today, I yawned, stretched, rubbed the sleep out of my eyes, and put on a pair of slippers.
When I woke up, I found I had been tied up.
When I woke up, I got an e-mail from Tom.
When I woke up, I was in the car.
When I woke up, I was sad.
When I woke up, Tom was gone, and so was my purse.
When I woke up, Tom was gone.
When I woke up, all other passengers had gotten off.
When I woke up, day was breaking.
When I woke up, he was gone.
When I woke up, it was already 11 o'clock, and, while I was changing clothes, my package arrived, and I didn't do the dishes yesterday... Everything's a mess already.
When I woke up, it was snowing.
When I woke up, it was still dark outside.
When I woke up, my briefcase had disappeared.
When I woke up, my laptop was gone.
When I woke up, my mother was already working hard in the kitchen.
When I woke up, no-one was at home, and I was abandoned all day.
When I woke up, she was gone.
When I woke up, the day was breaking.
When I woke up, there was a burglar in my room.
When I woke up, there were four inches of snow on the ground.
When I woke us this morning, I didn't want to get out of bed.
When I work, I like to listen to the music.
When I worked for Consumers Software Inc. in Gastown in Vancouver, BC, it was like the Old World. There were brick buildings and brick-laden streets. There were used bookstores. Chinatown's restaurants were a walk away. The Old Spaghetti Factory was on Water Street.
When I worked for Consumers Software Inc., our beautiful Christmas party was held in Vancouver Aquarium. The tables were walled in by aquariums.
When I worked for Ticon Technology Inc. in downtown Vancouver, BC, I cherished the gigantic colourful salad bar nearby and the underground food court.
When I worked for the software firm Radical Entertainment Inc. in posh Yaletown in Vancouver, BC, there was a strange mestizo Macanese coworker there, who brought a bird in a cage to the office.
When I write poems, the words come from somewhere outside me.
When I write, I try to imagine how the idea I want to express could be translated into another language.
When I'll give you my hand, please don't point your elbow!
When I'm at home there's a lot of stuff to do; I don't even have time to watch TV.
When I'm at home, I'm Tom. But when I go to school, I'm Mary.
When I'm away from home, I miss it dearly, but when I am at home, I want to travel.
When I'm away, I want you to clean the house for me.
When I'm cold, I cover myself, and when I'm hot, I uncover myself.
When I'm dead, I don't want him to come to my funeral.
When I'm dead, no one will make me suffer.
When I'm dead, who will be celebrating?
When I'm depressed, I go to Kabylie.
When I'm depressed, I spend hours cooking.
When I'm done with work, before I have time for myself, family comes first.
When I'm feeling down, William is the person I turn to for advice.
When I'm feeling low, I talk with friends or go out for a walk.
When I'm finished with what I'm doing, I'll come.
When I'm gazing up at the sky, especially on such a quiet night, I feel utterly and completely relaxed and refreshed.
When I'm gone, come what will.
When I'm home alone, the house is too quiet.
When I'm home and I'm going to the corner drugstore to pick up some shampoo, why do you always tell me to be careful how I cross the street?
When I'm hot, a glass of cool water really refreshes me.
When I'm in Algiers, I enjoy sitting down and looking at other people.
When I'm in Algiers, I feel at home.
When I'm in Paris, I stay at a friend's place.
When I'm in a bad mood, I like to think of stoats to cheer myself up.
When I'm in a bad mood, I start to sing.
When I'm in his arms, I feel good.
When I'm in his embrace, I feel terrific.
When I'm in traffic, I change lanes all the time.
When I'm in traffic, I try to find the fastest moving lane.
When I'm making cheese, I always drink a cup of whey, because it's supposed to be good for my metabolism.
When I'm making cookies, I use a cookie scoop to ensure that they're all the same size.
When I'm not in the land of my forefathers, I miss it, but when I'm at home, I think about traveling again.
When I'm not pressed for time, I need to do something to change the fact that I'm not getting anything done.
When I'm not sure what to do, I always ask my mom.
When I'm older, hopefully, I'll be wiser.
When I'm overstressed, I turn into a baby.
When I'm quiet there's a storm inside.
When I'm rich, I'll buy a farm.
When I'm sad, friends cheer me up.
When I'm sad, my friends encourage me.
When I'm scared, I don't think rationally.
When I'm sick, I don't have the energy to speak in any other language than my main one.
When I'm sitting in this chair, it's really comfortable.
When I'm sleeping, everything is fine.
When I'm sleepy, I go to bed.
When I'm sleepy, I sleep.
When I'm stressed, I squeeze the ball.
When I'm stressed, I start cooking for hours.
When I'm using headphones I can't hear anything.
When I'm very tired I can't sleep.
When I'm weaving narrow bands, I use a table top inkle loom.
When I'm with a crying baby, I end up wanting to cry myself!
When I'm with other furries, I don't have to worry about being judged.
When I'm with that group, I never feel like I fit in. I always feel like I stick out.
When I'm with you I feel invincible.
When I'm with you, I feel like I'm in heaven.
When I'm with you, I'm happy.
When I'm with you, I'm never bored.
When I'm with you, every day is the best day ever.
When I'm with you, time just flies by.
When I've been riding the ship all day, even after I disembark I still feel like I'm at sea.
When I've done with this pen, you can use it.
When I've finished my homework, I'll go for a swim.
When I've finished reading this book, I'll lend it to you.
When I've written the letter, I'll put it in the postbox.
When I, living in Vancouver and on Lulu Island, watch television, it is often TV5, the global Francophone network. I can watch a Quebecker's exposé about secluded places in this world. From France, I can watch castle-by-castle tours. There are news from Belgium and Switzerland.
When Igor walked into that cabin, it was still daylight.
When Isabella saw Flavio, she screamed.
When Islamic troops came to North Africa, many Berbers were killed and others forced to slavery.
When It comes to football matches, I can talk for hours everyday.
When Ivan grabbed the mic, he started mixing up his words.
When I’m at home there’s a lot of stuff to do; I don’t even have time to watch TV.
When I’m feeling low, I talk with friends or go out for a walk.
When I’m home alone, the house is too quiet.
When I’m home and I’m going to the corner drugstore to pick up some shampoo, why do you always tell me to be careful how I cross the street?
When I’m sad, my friends encourage me.
When I’m with a crying baby, I end up wanting to cry myself!
When I’ve done with this pen, you can use it.
When James and Amanda were babies, we decided that they would marry when they grow up.
When James found out the truth, his world turned upside down.
When James saw Amanda, he growled angrily.
When James started speaking in Berber, Amanda couldn't understand anything.
When Jane played horse with her father, she held on to him tightly.
When Janos turned forty, he moved to Algeria.
When Japanese Emperor Akihito abdicates in one month's time, it will usher in a new era. The new era will be ushered in when Crown Prince Naruhito ascends to the Chrysanthemum Throne on May 1.
When Jesus saw Nathanael approaching, he said of him, "Here truly is an Israelite in whom there is no deceit."
When Jews support Zionism, they aren't thinking, "I support ethnic cleansing and colonialism," but "I support a state for Jews, who were recently nearly wiped out, in our original homeland."
When Joan Rivers expressed her support for Israel, she showed no sympathy when asked about Gaza's civilians who were killed by the hundreds.
When John Carlin started his job at the head of the U.S. National Archives back in June of 1995, he was shocked to learn that government emails were not being preserved.
When John came back, he looked pale as if he had seen a ghost.
When John goes on a date, he's known to be a big spender.
When John goes on a date, he’s known to be a big spender.
When John had gone, it began to rain.
When John heard Jessica's voice, he was melting like ice cream.
When John retired, his son took over his business.
When John was fourteen he was apprenticed to the trade of carpenter.
When John's neighbor saw John selling drugs, she blew the whistle on him.
When John, who was in prison, heard about Christ's deeds, he sent two of his disciples to ask him "Are you the one who is to come, or should we expect another?"
When John’s neighbor saw John selling drugs, she blew the whistle on him.
When Jonas ran away from behind the car, Amelia started chasing him with a gun.
When Jonas went got back home, Amelia was fast asleep.
When Josefa received the letter, she got really happy. The sender was a classmate from school she hadn't heard from in years.
When Josephine got tired of being all rebellious and started looking for a job of her own, she cut her dreads off, but I know on good authority she still has them in a drawer somewhere.
When Juda saw her, he thought she was a harlot: for she had covered her face, lest she should be known.
When Judgment Day comes, you're going to have to answer for what you did.
When Justin Bieber started his music career, he was fourteen years old.
When Kabyle bread is hot, olive oil is added.
When Kalman was arrested, he was more confused than anything else.
When Kate played a minor part in a movie, her acting was criticized.
When Kawazoe pinned me down at the meeting, I broke out in a cold sweat.
When Lajos looked over, Olivia wasn't there.
When Lanning learned she would be giving birth to twins, she was told that she could either schedule a cesarean section at her nearest hospital, about 20 kilometers (12 miles) away, or travel to a better-equipped hospital 135 kilometers (85 miles) away. She and her husband, John, chose to make the long drive and avoid the C-section.
When Layla became pregnant, that changed everything.
When Layla got home, there was a problem waiting for her.
When Layla saw Sami and Salima together, she misread the situation.
When Layla told me, I refused to believe it.
When Layla's son was born, I gave him my name.
When Leonid talked, Anna listened to him without blinking.
When Liisa sees that you've broken the cup, you'll catch it.
When Linda told Dan that she was pregnant, he was thrilled.
When Linda was little, her big brother was her protector.
When Linda was sixteen, she liked to make up.
When Lisa asked what he did at the weekend, he told a pack of lies.
When Liza told him she wanted a divorce, Mark's world fell apart.
When Lorenzo moved to Algeria, he already had a good base in Berber.
When Lorenzo moved to Algeria, he couldn't speak any Berber at all.
When Luis Ortiz, 26, of Napa, California, arrived at the hospital complaining of a headache and nausea, doctors were shocked to find a tapeworm larva had been living in his brain.
When Luisa broke into tears, only her best friend approached to console her.
When Magellan and his crew entered the Pacific Ocean after their long journey, they thought that the Spice Islands were close at hand. Little did they know that their destination remained thousands of miles away. The explorers had ventured into the largest ocean on Earth.
When Marcus arrived, I was sleeping.
When Maria discovered what Tom's alleged language studies on the Internet were, she banned his computer use for a while.
When Maria woke up, a gift with a beautiful bow stood on her bedside table. "It can only be from Tom," she thought, but it was not from Tom!
When Marie was sitting on the shore, reading the news and eating ice cream, she felt like she was in heaven.
When Marisol saw the kitchen, she hit the roof.
When Mark Twain wrote "The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn," he regularly used the n-word about "Jim," whom he otherwise described in the kindest terms. Twain certainly had character flaws, but he was personally aware of many of them, and I don't think he should be described as a racist; by the standards of his time, he would be seen as astonishingly broad-minded and liberal. Nevertheless, knowing how the n-word has been used within a society afflicted by systemic racism, a person with any ordinary feelings of respect for fellow-creatures would refrain from using it today.
When Mark finished building the snowman, he took a picture of it.
When Mark looked at his watch, he realized he was running late.
When Mark moved to Algiers a year ago, Jessica gave him her car.
When Mark touched the balloon, it burst.
When Martino got better, he left.
When Martino speaks Berber, he sounds like a native speaker.
When Martino speaks, he thinks in Berber.
When Mary and I were married, we used to go bowling with Tom and Alice.
When Mary asked Tom what he was doing, he mumbled his words so that she wouldn't hear what he said, in the hopes that she wouldn't push it further.
When Mary broke up with him, Tom was devastated.
When Mary came by, Tom raised his hat.
When Mary came home, she smelt straight away, in spite of an airing-out, that Tom hadn't kept his promise not to smoke in the flat any more.
When Mary comes to Boston, she usually stays at a hotel, but sometimes she stays with us.
When Mary consented to marry Tom, her hitherto flourishing life went quickly downhill.
When Mary did that, Tom yelled at her.
When Mary entered the kitchen, the floor was covered in water.
When Mary entered the room, Jack suddenly stopped talking.
When Mary finds out about it she'll throw a fit.
When Mary finds out what happened, she won't be happy.
When Mary finds out, heads are going to roll.
When Mary first told me that, I didn't believe her.
When Mary found out the truth, she was furious.
When Mary gets back, tell her to come to my office.
When Mary gets tired of listening to the stupid things Tom says, she breaks everything within her reach.
When Mary got home, Tom was already asleep.
When Mary got home, Tom was sleeping.
When Mary got home, her children were already asleep.
When Mary heard about what happened, she smiled.
When Mary heard about what happened, she started laughing.
When Mary is eighteen, she'll get a driving licence.
When Mary is eighteen, she'll learn to drive.
When Mary is eighteen, she'll obtain a driving licence.
When Mary left him, Tom was devastated.
When Mary left, I told her she'd be back someday.
When Mary left, I told her she'd come back.
When Mary made them, they always came out just right.
When Mary opened her eyes, Tom was gone.
When Mary opened her locker, she found a rose and a letter inside.
When Mary reached the bus stop, the last bus had already left.
When Mary returned to her car, she found a parking ticket under the windscreen wiper.
When Mary saw Tom and Alice together, she got angry.
When Mary saw Tom and Alice together, she got jealous.
When Mary saw Tom naked, she started laughing.
When Mary saw Tom smile, she smiled, too.
When Mary saw Tom's face, she screamed.
When Mary saw him, a look of surprise spread across her face.
When Mary saw me, she burst into tears and ran to her room.
When Mary saw me, she ran away.
When Mary starts sulking, she's unbearable.
When Mary told Tom that she'd done that, he got upset.
When Mary told Tom that she'd kissed John, he got upset.
When Mary told her parents she wanted to marry Tom, they said they wouldn't attend the wedding.
When Mary told her parents that she wanted to marry Tom, they said that they wouldn't attend the wedding.
When Mary told me that, I didn't believe her.
When Mary turned around, she saw Tom pointing a gun at her.
When Mary walked into the room, Tom hid under the table.
When Mary was a child, her family was dirt poor.
When Mary was a child, her family was very poor.
When Mary was a girl, she was as cute as a button.
When Mary was in kindergarten, she lived in Boston.
When Mary was pregnant, she often suffered from morning sickness.
When Mary was single, she would have a farting contest with her dog every night.
When Mary was spoken to by a stranger, she was at a loss for words.
When Mary was young, she ate three eggs every day.
When Mary wasn't home, Tom would watch scat porn.
When Mary went to cook dinner, she found that her potatoes had sprouted in the cupboard.
When Mary's husband died, she felt like committing suicide.
When Mary's husband died, she felt like killing herself.
When Mary’s brother found out about the friendship between Tom and Mary during one of their study sessions, he was about to beat Tom up, until he figured out a way to profit from this. He decided to allow him to keep seeing her only if he did "favors" for him "every now and then". And if he ever weaseled out or snitched on them, he'd sneak into his room at night and personally suffocate him.
When Matthew moved to a new city, he made sure to bring his cookbook with him, so he could continue cooking his favorite recipes.
When Matthew saw the beggar, he began to swiftly roll up his window.
When Matthew wore his wool sweater, he felt like he was honoring his family's tradition of knitting.
When Mennad arrived, Baya was long gone.
When Mennad died, Baya fell right back into that depression hole.
When Mennad gets embarrassed, he laughs at himself.
When Mennad got home, he told his parents what had happened.
When Mennad is in Egypt, he doesn't feel safe.
When Mennad is in Egypt, he needs a car.
When Mennad speaks Arabic, he stutters too much.
When Mennad speaks, I can barely hear him.
When Mennad was a teenager, he learned about Egyptian history.
When Mennad was a teenager, he went through various eating disorders.
When Mennad was six, his mother developed a serious mental illness.
When Mennad was six, his parents separated.
When Mennad was young, he wanted to be an Arabic teacher.
When Meredith bought this northern Texas land several years ago, it was overgrazed and overrun with weeds. Now, she’s thrilled to find a dark green blob of fungus she rolls under her sparkly-nail-polished thumb.
When Mexico sends its people, they're not sending their best, they're sending people with lots of problems and they're bringing those problems to us. They're bringing drugs, they're bringing crime, they're rapists and some I assume are good people.
When Michael disappeared, Linda was devastated.
When Michael fell, Linda picked him up.
When Michael hugged Linda back, she started crying.
When Michael is at home, his work is to clean the windows.
When Michael is better, he will be fine with Linda.
When Michael leaned over to kiss Linda, Walid almost died.
When Michael saw Linda, he nearly crapped his pants.
When Michael saw the cops, he quickly sprinted off down the street.
When Mike returned to Jane's house, she was sleeping.
When Mike tried to tackle the other player, he pushed him and he was given a yellow card and a warning.
When Mike went to Jane's house, she was sleeping.
When Mike went to Jane’s house, she was sleeping.
When Mikel is at home, he works on cleaning the windows.
When Mount Taal started spewing plumes of ash in the Philippines a few days ago, thousands were ordered to evacuate.
When Mozart was fourteen years old Beethoven was born.
When Mr Hilton wanted to sell his house, he advertised it in the newspaper.
When Mr Jones gets old, he will hand over his business to his son.
When Mr. Hilton wanted to sell his house, he advertised it in the newspaper.
When Mr. Hiram B. Otis bought Canterville Chase, every one told him he was doing a very foolish thing, as there was no doubt at all that the place was haunted.
When Mu, the Motherland, became overcrowded, or, among her great navigators, some ambitious and enterprising company found new and available lands, a colonial development was started. These emigrant children of Mu were called Mayas. All who left the Motherland in any direction were called Mayas. Colonization must have started 70,000 years before Mu sank, for there are are Naacal writings in the Orient stating that the Holy Brothers carried the religion and the sciences of the Motherland to the colonies "over 70,000 years ago." One of these colonies was said to "have a population of over 35,000,000 people."
When Muhammad was forty years old, the Quran began to be revealed to him.
When Naomi saw that she was determined to go with her, she stopped urging her.
When Nicole heard that her favorite singer had died, she burst into tears.
When Novak Djokovic was doing the on-court post-match interview after defeating Gilles Simon in an error-ridden five-setter, a fan shouted from the stands, "No more drop shots!" With a grin, Djokovic replied, "I hate to say that, but you're absolutely right."
When Oliver started driving, it seemed that he didn't understand the risks involved.
When PC problems slow you down, what can you do?
When Paul heard that sound again, he felt his heart in his throat.
When Peter got up, Jean had already left home.
When Pierre Gringoire reached the Place de Grèves, he was drenched.
When Pietro stared at Melissa, she ran away.
When Popeye eats spinach, he can do what seems impossible.
When Qi follows the Way, there is life. When there is life, there is thought. When there is thought, there is knowledge. When there is knowledge, one stops. In all cases, the forms of the mind are such that transgressive knowledge leads to a loss of life.
When Rafael was studying medicine, he painfully saw how people afflicted by heart diseases died due to lack of adequate medical equipment.
When Rapunzel was twelve years old, the enchantress shut her into a tower, which lay in a forest, and had neither stairs nor door, but quite at the top was a little window.
When Rhodopis was bathing, an eagle snatched one of her sandals from her maid and carried it to Memphis; and while the king was administering justice in the open air, the eagle, when it arrived above his head, flung the sandal into his lap; and the king, stirred both by the beautiful shape of the sandal and by the strangeness of the occurrence, sent men in all directions into the country in quest of the woman who wore the sandal; and when she was found in the city of Naucratis, she was brought up to Memphis, became the wife of the king, and when she died was honoured with a great tomb.
When Rima kissed me, my head was spinning with shock.
When Rima walked into the room, it was like she was glowing.
When Rima was brought into the torture center, she knew she had to be ready for anything.
When Rima wears her Kabyle dress, she feels a profound sense of pride and honor, representing her cultural heritage with grace.
When Robert came on stage, Sandra's heart started pounding.
When Robert regained consciousness, his whole body was aching.
When Robert saw Sandra, he turned pale.
When Robert saw the violin, he started to laugh.
When Robert was a little child, he would randomly hug strangers and tell them he loved them.
When Robin was a youth of eighteen, the Sheriff of Nottingham proclaimed a shooting match and offered a prize of a butt of ale to whosoever should shoot the best shaft in Nottinghamshire.
When Sami and Layla finished having sex, she started to cry.
When Sami and Layla got married, she was already pregnant with Farid.
When Sami and Layla had a son, she thought things would get better, but she was wrong.
When Sami and Layla went home, they argued.
When Sami deserted Layla, she was already pregnant.
When Sami died, my whole life was gone.
When Sami finished reading the Quran, he cried.
When Sami goes home, he goes straight to his computer.
When Sami is high, he becomes really aggressive.
When Sami kissed Layla, she started to cry.
When Sami kisses me, I close my eyes.
When Sami learned that Layla was having an affair with a friend of his, he went over the edge.
When Sami left Layla, she tried to commit suicide.
When Sami married Layla, he thought he could leave his sex addiction behind.
When Sami tells you to back off, you can bet he means it.
When Sami was drunk, he was extremely violent.
When Sami was sixteen, his parents divorced.
When Sarah decided to move to India and start a new life, she gave away all of her belongings.
When Saturn and Jupiter, the two largest planets in the solar system, appear to meet in the sky, they call it a “great” conjunction.
When Schubert was born, Beethoven was twenty-seven years old.
When Scrooge awoke, it was so dark, that looking out of bed, he could scarcely distinguish the transparent window from the opaque walls of his chamber.
When Shishir comes out to translate, it's best to remain indoors.
When Shishir comes out to translate, it’s best to remain indoors.
When Sir Alex Ferguson saw that his players were getting tired, he always substituted them.
When Skura converted to Islam, she became more modest.
When Skura heard the June bug buzzing, she screamed.
When Skura is at her parents' place, Yanni feels very free.
When Skura saw the June bug she started screaming.
When Skura saw the June bug, she screamed.
When Skura took her shahada, all her friends started crying and hugging her.
When Skura took her shahada, everyone started crying.
When Sneezy wasn't sneezing, he would start hiccupping.
When Socrates was asked whether it was better to marry or stay single, the philosopher answered, "It doesn't matter which one you pick, since ten years later you'll regret it either way."
When Sony came back with a 2 billion bid, CBS could not refuse.
When Sophie saw something she wanted, she asked for it.
When Spain colonized the Philippines, they were administrated by Mexico City. So it was Mexican Spanish, not Castilian Spanish, that influenced Tagalog.
When Stefan tried to open the door, it was locked.
When Stefan was fourteen, he had a curfew.
When Tanina met Yidir, it was love at first sight.
When Taninna learned Berber, she already spoke English and Arabic.
When Thales was asked what was difficult, he said, "To know one’s self." And what was easy, "To advise another."
When Tobias noticed Isabella, he moved away from the window and shut the blinds.
When Tobita gives a plan his seal of approval, the client accepts it at first glance.
When Tom and I got home, we were very tired.
When Tom and I were in Boston, we visited Mary.
When Tom and I were students, we often studied together.
When Tom and I were young, we used to often play together.
When Tom and I were your age, things were very different.
When Tom and Mary are speaking to each other in French, I can't understand them.
When Tom and Mary come to Boston, they usually stay at a hotel, but sometimes they stay with us.
When Tom and Mary did that, John yelled at them.
When Tom and Mary do that, let me know.
When Tom and Mary find out what happened, they won't be happy.
When Tom and Mary first told me that, I didn't believe them.
When Tom and Mary found out the truth, they were furious.
When Tom and Mary get back, tell them to come to my office.
When Tom and Mary get old, they look forward to having side-by-side denture cups on the bathroom shelf.
When Tom and Mary got home, their children were already asleep.
When Tom and Mary got married, he was 42 years old, and she was half his age. How old will Tom be when Mary reaches two-thirds his age?
When Tom and Mary got married, they both promised never to lie to each other again.
When Tom and Mary heard about what happened, they smiled.
When Tom and Mary heard about what happened, they started laughing.
When Tom and Mary saw John and Alice together, they got angry.
When Tom and Mary saw me, they ran away.
When Tom and Mary told John that they'd done that, he got upset.
When Tom and Mary told me that, I didn't believe them.
When Tom and Mary were in kindergarten, they lived in Boston.
When Tom arrived in the scene of the plane crash, he was horrified.
When Tom arrives in Boston, I'll call you right away.
When Tom arrives, please let him in.
When Tom asked Mary if she wanted to go out on Monday evening, she said she'd be busy.
When Tom asked Mary out, she agreed immediately.
When Tom asked Mary what she was planning to do on Monday evening, she said she'd be cleaning her room.
When Tom asked his boss for a raise in his salary, he turned him down.
When Tom asked me to marry him, I said yes.
When Tom ate some food that had fallen on the floor, Mary looked disgusted.
When Tom awoke, he saw that the fire had gone out and, also, that he was now completely alone. The only sound was the susurration of the bamboo, swaying in the breeze.
When Tom began studying culinary arts, the instructing chef made him practice cutting up onions and carrots as uniformly as possible.
When Tom began to cry, so did I.
When Tom bought his car, he didn't know it had been involved in a serious accident.
When Tom bought his car, he didn't know that it had been involved in a serious accident.
When Tom broke his leg, he had to use crutches for three months.
When Tom broke up with Mary, she was devastated.
When Tom broke up with her, Mary was devastated.
When Tom called me last week, I wasn't at home.
When Tom came back from this long trip he seemed not to enjoy his home country anymore.
When Tom came down with a dangerous viral infection, he was heartily grateful that his union contract guaranteed him twelve weeks of sick leave, paid by his employer.
When Tom came home, I was watching TV.
When Tom came home, I was writing a letter.
When Tom came there, their spirits lifted.
When Tom came to in the hospital and saw that nurse, he thought he was already in heaven.
When Tom came to, he was tied to a chair in the basement.
When Tom came to, the room was dark.
When Tom comes back, let's ask him what he thinks.
When Tom comes to Boston, he usually stays at a hotel, but sometimes he stays with us.
When Tom comes, I'll pay the money that I promised.
When Tom comes, it will already be late.
When Tom comes, please give him this.
When Tom comes, please give this to him.
When Tom comes, you can start.
When Tom couldn't bear the pain any longer, he went to the hospital.
When Tom couldn’t bear the pain any longer, he went to the hospital.
When Tom crashed his car, the airbags deployed instantly.
When Tom crested the hill, he had a commanding view of the valley below.
When Tom cries, Mary starts crying, too.
When Tom described Mary's appearance to me, he omitted the fact that she is very, very fat!
When Tom described me Mary's appearance, he "left out" the fact that she is very very fat!
When Tom described me the look of Mary, he "left out" the fact that she is very very fat!
When Tom did that, Mary yelled at him.
When Tom did that, people laughed.
When Tom didn't come to work on Monday, we all started to get worried.
When Tom died, I wanted to die.
When Tom disappeared, everyone was worried.
When Tom discovered Tatoeba, he was immediately determined to make sure stoats were properly represented within the corpus.
When Tom does that, Mary does, too.
When Tom does that, Mary gets angry.
When Tom does that, let me know.
When Tom doesn't like something, he complains about it.
When Tom doesn't like something, he lets everyone know.
When Tom drinks, everybody drinks.
When Tom drove by Mary's house, he noticed that the lights were still on.
When Tom entered the cinema, the film had already begun.
When Tom entered the nightclub, Mary said, "Here comes some fresh meat."
When Tom entered the room, Mary stopped talking.
When Tom entered the room, he saw a large banner that said "Happy Birthday, Tom."
When Tom explained it, everything became clear.
When Tom explains things, I can usually understand what he's saying.
When Tom fell off his horse, the helmet that was supposed to protect him broke his neck.
When Tom finally decided to admit it, everyone already knew that he was gay.
When Tom finally decided to come out of the closet, everyone already knew he was gay.
When Tom finally decided to come out of the closet, everyone already knew that he was gay.
When Tom finally explained it, he gave me a list of several things it could be, leaving me to guess as to which one he meant.
When Tom finally stood up to speak, everybody got quiet and listened.
When Tom finds out about this, he's going to be upset.
When Tom finds out what happened, he won't be happy.
When Tom finds out, heads are going to roll.
When Tom finished running, he was happy.
When Tom finished the work, he went home.
When Tom first told me that, I didn't believe him.
When Tom found out about that, he was furious.
When Tom found out that the machine didn't work, he got very angry.
When Tom found out that there was no chance of escaping, he killed himself.
When Tom found out that there was no chance to escape, he shot himself.
When Tom found out the truth, he was furious.
When Tom found out what it was all about, he quickly lost his interest.
When Tom gets angry, you'd better watch out.
When Tom gets back, tell him to come to my office.
When Tom gets drunk, he'll eat a lot of things that he shouldn't eat.
When Tom gets drunk, he'll eat a lot of things that he wouldn't eat when he's sober.
When Tom gets here, I will already be gone.
When Tom gets here, I'll call you right away.
When Tom gets here, give me a call.
When Tom gets here, please let him in.
When Tom gets here, tell him to come to my office.
When Tom gets nervous, he bites his nails.
When Tom gives an order, everyone follows it.
When Tom goes to Japan, he windsurfs out of Kamakura.
When Tom got Mary alone for a moment, he asked for a date.
When Tom got back to his car, a parking ticket was stuck under the windshield wipers.
When Tom got back to his car, there were several tickets stuck under the windshield wiper.
When Tom got his final exam back, and saw that he passed, he cried with tears of joy.
When Tom got his final exam paper back, and saw that he'd passed, he felt relieved.
When Tom got home, Mary was already asleep.
When Tom got home, dinner was waiting for him.
When Tom got home, he found his parents sitting on the porch waiting for him.
When Tom got home, his children were already asleep.
When Tom got home, the children had already finished eating dinner.
When Tom got home, the children had already gone to bed.
When Tom got home, there was an envelope taped to his front door.
When Tom got into trouble, he turned to his parents for help.
When Tom got lost, he wished he'd followed Mary's advice.
When Tom got married, his father gave him a car as a wedding present.
When Tom got the letter, he burned it without reading it.
When Tom got to Mary's house, she was already sleeping.
When Tom got to the station, the train had already left.
When Tom got up, he made himself some coffee.
When Tom has trouble sleeping, he starts counting stoats. That quickly brings him into a peaceful mood, and he is fast asleep before he could count the stoats to fifty.
When Tom heard about what happened, he smiled.
When Tom heard about what happened, he started laughing.
When Tom heard his favourite song on the radio, he just had to sing along.
When Tom heard that Mary had died, he broke down and cried.
When Tom heard that Mary was lying ill in bed, he dropped everything and went home immediately.
When Tom heard that, he went ballistic.
When Tom heard the doorbell ring, he said, "Who could that be?"
When Tom heard the news, he frowned.
When Tom heard the news, he smiled.
When Tom heard the news, he started crying.
When Tom heard the news, he turned pale.
When Tom heard the news, he was disappointed.
When Tom heard the noise, he ran to the kitchen.
When Tom heard what had happened, he got very angry.
When Tom is around, I can relax.
When Tom is around, things just happen.
When Tom is at home, he doesn't want to talk about work.
When Tom is gone, I'll take care of you.
When Tom is in little space, Mary takes care of him.
When Tom is in trouble, he always turns to Mary for help.
When Tom kissed Mary, she slapped him.
When Tom learns what you did, he will punish you.
When Tom leaves at night, he turns on the burglar alarm.
When Tom left her, Mary was devastated.
When Tom left the place, it was in an utter mess.
When Tom left, I told him he'd be back someday.
When Tom left, I told him he'd come back.
When Tom left, all the children started crying.
When Tom looked at his watch, he was surprised to see how late it was.
When Tom looked down at the apple he was eating, he realized he had eaten half a worm.
When Tom looked down at the apple he was eating, he realized that he had eaten half a worm.
When Tom looked up to the ceiling, a drop of water fell into his eye.
When Tom looked up, our eyes met.
When Tom loses his hair, which he will, he'll be OK with it.
When Tom loses, he throws a tantrum. When he wins, he gloats.
When Tom lost his job, he couldn't keep up his mortgage repayments and he was threatened with foreclosure.
When Tom lost his wallet, he was out of luck.
When Tom married Mary, she was half his age.
When Tom married Mary, she was twice as young as him.
When Tom married Soraya, her father fell in love with and married Tom's daughter; so Tom's daughter's husband is Tom's father-in-law; and Tom now claims he's his own grandfather.
When Tom met Mary at the station, he asked her how her vacation had been.
When Tom met Mary he knew he'd met the love of his life.
When Tom opened his eyes, Mary had left.
When Tom opened his eyes, Mary was gone.
When Tom opened his eyes, Mary was no longer there.
When Tom opened his locker, all his books fell onto the floor.
When Tom opened his locker, all his books fell out.
When Tom opened his locker, all of his books fell out.
When Tom opened the door, he saw Mary standing there with a six-pack and a pizza.
When Tom orders something to be done, we do it right away.
When Tom plays the violin, I feel like killing him.
When Tom put his foot into the stream, he felt something bite his toe.
When Tom reached the front door, he noticed it was slightly open.
When Tom realised that he wasn't welcomed at the party, he left.
When Tom realized there was no way out of the room, he sat down on the floor and started crying.
When Tom received my phone call, I was on my way out the door.
When Tom regained consciousness, the room was dark.
When Tom rented a car at the airport rental agency, he agreed to bring it back in seven days.
When Tom retired, his son took over his business.
When Tom returned home in the evening, he found out that there was no supper left for him.
When Tom returned, Mary was sleeping.
When Tom returned, he brought a baseball cap and gave it as a present to Mary.
When Tom said that he had studied archeology but showed no interest in the excavations, I became suspicious.
When Tom saw Mary and John together, he got angry.
When Tom saw Mary and John together, he got jealous.
When Tom saw Mary and John together, he was angry.
When Tom saw Mary and John together, he was jealous.
When Tom saw Mary and John together, he wondered if they were an item.
When Tom saw Mary dancing a jig, he burst out in spontaneous laughter.
When Tom saw Mary dancing a jig, he started laughing.
When Tom saw Mary do that, he was impressed.
When Tom saw Mary kissing John, he got angry.
When Tom saw Mary smile, he smiled, too.
When Tom saw Mary, he smiled and waved.
When Tom saw Mary, his imagination ran riot.
When Tom saw Mary, his scowl turned into a smile.
When Tom saw his reflection in a shop window, he realised how much like his mother he was becoming.
When Tom saw it, he started screaming.
When Tom saw me, he ran away.
When Tom saw me, he turned pale.
When Tom saw that someone tore down Mary's flag, he got her a new one.
When Tom saw the creature, he backed away in fright.
When Tom saw the disaster, he started crying.
When Tom saw the police car, he got nervous.
When Tom saw the police officer, he ran away.
When Tom saw the policeman, he ran away.
When Tom saw what had happened, he was stunned.
When Tom says he's going to bed early, he means that he's going to bed before midnight.
When Tom says he's going to bed early, he means that he's going to bed past midnight.
When Tom says he's going to do something, he's going to do it.
When Tom says you can go, you can go.
When Tom sees this, he'll turn green with envy.
When Tom shaved off his beard, Mary didn't recognise him any more.
When Tom shaved off his beard, Mary didn't recognize him at first.
When Tom showed up late for work for the third time in a row, his boss told him that it was the last straw and that he would have to fire him.
When Tom smiled at Mary, she couldn't help but smile back.
When Tom speaks English, you can detect traces of all the different places he's lived in.
When Tom speaks English, you can tell he's from Australia.
When Tom speaks French, he makes a lot of mistakes.
When Tom speaks French, you can tell he's from Australia.
When Tom speaks French, you can tell he's from Canada.
When Tom speaks Kabyle with his wife, his neighbors understand nothing at all.
When Tom speaks, people listen.
When Tom spoke, they all remained silent.
When Tom started crying, I started crying, too.
When Tom started dancing, Mary began snickering.
When Tom stopped eating wheat, his health inexplicably got better.
When Tom stopped for a stop sign, his engine stalled.
When Tom takes naps, his blood pressure goes up.
When Tom talks, people listen.
When Tom tells us to do something, we do it.
When Tom throws a temper tantrum, don't give him a cookie even if it shuts him up. He'll just keep doing it because he knows he'll always get a cookie if he does it.
When Tom told Chris he didn't like her scarf, she got rid of it.
When Tom told Chris he didn’t like her scarf, she got rid of it.
When Tom told Mary that he had done that, she got upset.
When Tom told Mary that he wanted to become a pilot, she laughed.
When Tom told Mary that he'd kissed Alice, she got upset.
When Tom told Mary that she had to leave, she got upset.
When Tom told Mary to feel right at home, he was secretly hoping that she'd go and wash up the dishes in the kitchen.
When Tom told Mary what he had done, she started crying.
When Tom told me that, I didn't believe him.
When Tom told me that, I didn't believe it.
When Tom told me what Mary looked like, he didn't tell me she was so overweight.
When Tom told that joke, nobody laughed.
When Tom touched that stone, he woke an evil and revengeful spirit that asked him to make a wish.
When Tom translates one of my sentences, I feel glad to be alive.
When Tom tried to kiss Mary, she slapped him.
When Tom turned up, we'd been waiting for three hours.
When Tom visited Mary unannounced, she opened the door with no makeup on and her hair in rollers.
When Tom wakes up, he's always thirsty.
When Tom walked into the room, everybody switched to French.
When Tom walked into the room, everyone switched to French.
When Tom wanted beef for dinner Joan liked pork, and if Joan wanted to have chicken Tom would like to have duck. And so it went on all the time.
When Tom was a baby, he got dropped on his head.
When Tom was a boy, he lived near a swamp and created his own zoo.
When Tom was a child, he went to Boston every summer to stay with his grandparents.
When Tom was a child, he went to Boston three times.
When Tom was a child, his family was very poor.
When Tom was a kid, he became obsessed with the girl who lived across the street from him.
When Tom was a kid, he got sick a lot.
When Tom was a kid, he read a lot of books.
When Tom was a kid, he used to collect his father's cigarette butts until he had enough tobacco to roll a cigarette for himself.
When Tom was a kid, he used to pretend he was playing the drums by tapping his fingers on the kitchen table, to the great irritation of his father.
When Tom was a kid, his family was very poor.
When Tom was a kid, the only book in the house was a Bible.
When Tom was a teacher, he sometimes separated the pupils.
When Tom was a teenager, he earned money delivering newspapers.
When Tom was a teenager, he would often sit on the front porch and write songs in the evening after dinner.
When Tom was a young boy, he used to love climbing trees.
When Tom was accused of the murder, he broke out in a cold sweat.
When Tom was alive, he could protect me.
When Tom was eighteen, he decided he wanted to become a soldier.
When Tom was eighteen, he decided that he wanted to become a soldier.
When Tom was five, he moved along with his family to Kyiv.
When Tom was four, he had measles.
When Tom was here, he would swim in the morning.
When Tom was ill in bed for a week, Mary walked his dog every day.
When Tom was in Boston, he had at least three different jobs.
When Tom was in college, he kept a diary in French.
When Tom was in high school, he was often punished for smoking.
When Tom was in kindergarten, he drew a picture of his family.
When Tom was in kindergarten, he lived in Australia.
When Tom was in kindergarten, he lived in Boston.
When Tom was in the first grade, he would pick buttercup flowers and give them to girls.
When Tom was in the hospital, he read a lot of books.
When Tom was little he was clumsy and would fall often. All his pants would have knee patches.
When Tom was little, he was such a mama's boy. He would cry if he couldn't see me.
When Tom was midway through a sentence, the phone went dead.
When Tom was sick in bed for a week, Mary walked his dog every day.
When Tom was sixty years old, he became general director.
When Tom was thirteen, he ran away from home.
When Tom was three, he fell out of his bunk bed.
When Tom was walking down the street at night, a man he didn't know threatened him with a knife and robbed him of his cash.
When Tom was working on the dairy farm, he had to get up at five o'clock every morning to go and milk the cows.
When Tom was young, he ate three eggs every day.
When Tom was young, he lived in America for a year.
When Tom was young, he preferred tea to coffee.
When Tom was young, he said he wanted to become a French teacher.
When Tom was young, he said that he wanted to become a French teacher.
When Tom was young, he was all about partying.
When Tom was young, he was orderly and proper.
When Tom was young, he was very popular.
When Tom was young, he worked in the United States for a year.
When Tom was young, he would often watch baseball.
When Tom was younger, he used to play basketball quite well.
When Tom was younger, he worked in Australia for three years.
When Tom watches a film, he imagines himself in place of the main character.
When Tom went to Boston, he asked me to take care of his dog.
When Tom went to have breakfast, he found that all the bread had gone mouldy.
When Tom went to primary school he was assigned a learning support assistant.
When Tom went to the mailbox he found five letters, four of which were bills.
When Tom went to the store, he saw several people wearing their masks under their chins.
When Tom woke up at 4:30 in the morning, he didn't know where he was anymore.
When Tom woke up at four-thirty in the morning, he didn't know where he was anymore.
When Tom woke up in hospital and saw the nurse, he thought that he must be in heaven.
When Tom woke up in the hospital and saw the nurse, he thought that he must be in heaven.
When Tom woke up, Mary was gone.
When Tom woke up, Mary was on her bike heading over to his house.
When Tom woke up, Mary was taking a shower.
When Tom woke up, Mary was taking her shower.
When Tom woke up, everything was covered with snow.
When Tom woke up, he felt ashamed of his abusive behaviour towards Mary the previous night.
When Tom woke up, he found Mary reading a book at the desk.
When Tom woke up, he found himself in an unknown room.
When Tom woke up, he found that Mary had disappeared.
When Tom woke up, he found that Mary had vanished.
When Tom woke up, he searched for Mary's book in the desk.
When Tom woke up, he was in the hospital.
When Tom woke up, it was already dark.
When Tom woke up, no one was in the room.
When Tom woke up, they had already been gone.
When Tom works outside in the winter, he usually wears long johns.
When Tom wrote this text, he never imagined that it would have so much impact on the social networks.
When Tom's cellphone rang, Mary nearly jumped out of her chair.
When Tom's friends were over at his place for an evening of videos, the whole place smelled of his delicious home-cooked potato chips.
When Tom's happy, I'm happy.
When Tom's head started nodding, the bartender cut him off.
When Tom's mother died, he moved to the home of his grandmother in Boston.
When Tom's wife heard that he'd been fired, she got upset.
When Vin Diesel does pushups, he's not pushing himself up - he's pushing the Earth down.
When Vin Diesel does pushups, he’s not pushing himself up - he’s pushing the Earth down.
When Vladimir saw Martha, he smiled faintly and called her to his hospital bed.
When Western European monarchies became liberal republics held together by a shared national identity, some Western European Jews felt the need to claim that Judaism was just a religion and not a nation.
When Westerners defend Washington's war crimes, they're defending freedom and democracy. When non-Westerners are denouncing the same war crimes, they're being dangerous terrorists who envy Westerners for their "perfect" way of life.
When Westerners do that, they're heroes, but when Muslims do that, they're considered as terrorists and what not?
When Wikipedia states a stupidity, it soon becomes a truth.
When William Herschel discovered Uranus, he at first thought he had discovered a comet.
When William reached the cabin, he immediately locked the door.
When Xueyou came to see Teacher Lin, it was raining outside.
When Yanni and Skura lived in Algiers, they didn't get to see each other much too often.
When Yanni and Skura met, it was like two magnets pulling towards each other.
When Yanni and his friends left with shotguns at midnight, it wasn't for pizza.
When Yanni arrived in Algeria, it wasn't what he had expected.
When Yanni arrived, he was even better than Skura had imagined.
When Yanni became a Muslim, everything changed.
When Yanni came back, he wasn't himself.
When Yanni came to Algeria, he studied about Islam.
When Yanni converted to Islam, he became more humble.
When Yanni converted to Islam, he got closer to God.
When Yanni converted to Islam, he had God back in his life.
When Yanni cries, Skura cries.
When Yanni defied his boss's instructions, it was the final straw.
When Yanni discovered a chip in his windshield, he got crazy.
When Yanni discovered a chip in his windshield, he lost it.
When Yanni fell off the wagon, he fell hard.
When Yanni fell off the wagon, he took Skura with him.
When Yanni finished reading that book, he cried.
When Yanni found out about Skura's affair, he was disgusted.
When Yanni found out, he was very upset.
When Yanni got to the cliff, it scared the crap out of him just to look at its edge.
When Yanni heard Berber, his eyes widened.
When Yanni heard about Skura's death, his legs gave out.
When Yanni heard about the affair, he behaved like a man obsessed.
When Yanni heard that sound, he jumped out of his skin.
When Yanni heard that voice, his stomach hit the floor.
When Yanni is angry, he usually goes over the edge.
When Yanni is drunk, he's an incoherent mess.
When Yanni is in Algiers, he feels happier.
When Yanni is in Algiers, he never feels out of place.
When Yanni is in Morocco, he uses a VPN.
When Yanni is with Skura, he always shows his gentler side.
When Yanni killed Skura, he robbed everyone of this wonderful woman.
When Yanni killed Skura, he was in the throes of a severe psychotic episode.
When Yanni learned about Skura's affair, he was blindsided.
When Yanni left Skura, she fell off the wagon hard.
When Yanni looked back, Skura wasn't there.
When Yanni married the wrong woman, his life started to take a tough path.
When Yanni moved to Algiers, he had difficulty finding a job.
When Yanni opened the bag, he could hardly believe his luck. The money was still there.
When Yanni saw Skura in a hijab, he had no words.
When Yanni saw Skura in the courtroom, he was transfixed in horror.
When Yanni saw Skura's father, he was pooping bricks.
When Yanni saw Skura, she had two broken legs.
When Yanni saw his father, his throat tightened.
When Yanni saw his mother crying, he cried, too.
When Yanni saw his mother, he had a solid lump in his throat.
When Yanni saw that house, he was taken aback.
When Yanni saw that, he couldn't take it.
When Yanni saw the chip in his windshield, he got mad.
When Yanni saw the cops, he started putting his camera away.
When Yanni saw the dog, his stomach turned.
When Yanni saw the gun, he felt his heart rise into his throat.
When Yanni saw the huge bullseye in his windshield, he got mad.
When Yanni saw the huge bullseye in his windshield, he started yelling and cussing.
When Yanni saw those punks, he was a little frightened.
When Yanni set out to get something he wanted, he got it.
When Yanni speaks, I feel like he's talking to me.
When Yanni spoke in Berber, Skura's face brightened up.
When Yanni still has not returned from Algiers, Skura began to worry.
When Yanni took the shahada, everyone in the room cried.
When Yanni touched Skura, she froze completely.
When Yanni tried redialing the number, he got a payphone.
When Yanni turned around, the pigeon was gone.
When Yanni was 24, he moved to Algiers to be in college.
When Yanni was about three or four, he was living with his grandmother in Algiers.
When Yanni was approaching the judge, he felt legless.
When Yanni was fourteen, he lived in Algiers.
When Yanni was in Algeria, he bought a traditional musical instrument called "imzad."
When Yanni was in Algeria, he hired a housekeeper.
When Yanni was informed about Skura's death, he started yelling uncontrollably.
When Yanni was parking, he hit a parked car.
When Yanni was questioned, he was very uncooperative.
When Yanni woke up, it was already night.
When Yanni's car was in direct sunlight, he noticed some windshield scratches and chips.
When Yanni's ex-mistress called him on his wife's phone, a skeleton of his past emerged from out of the blue.
When Yidir gets married, we will have a big wedding.
When Yoko and I heard the sirens stop nearby, we quickly decided to go check it out.
When Yolando said what she was really thinking, everyone sat with their eyes like dinner plates and their mouths open.
When Yugerten saw the land of his ancestors.
When Yuri Gagarin took off in Vostok 1, he was an Air Force lieutenant. When he landed, he was a major.
When Yuri arrived, Martha tried to act friendly.
When Yuri came home, his parents told him some exciting news.
When Yuri entered the house, we were already waiting in the corridor with gifts and balloons.
When Yuri got home, he heard that his parents were arguing.
When Yuri got home, he immediately knew that something was wrong.
When Yuri got into the kitchen, he heard his parents talking.
When Yuri was in the shower, Martha snuck into his room.
When Zeno was asked what a friend was, he replied, "Another I."
When Zionism started, a lot of Jews didn't accept it.
When Ziri answered the door, he stepped back.
When Ziri arrived at the party with Rima, he could see Skura's jaw drop to the floor.
When Ziri arrived in his cell, he immediately settled down in a corner.
When Ziri arrived, it was already late in the evening.
When Ziri arrived, the atmosphere was tense.
When Ziri asked Rima if she wanted to hang out with him, she was over the moon.
When Ziri called Rima a cripple, well... you can guess what she did.
When Ziri came back home, he found Rima reading.
When Ziri came back, Rima asked him about why he needed the money.
When Ziri came back, he was white as a sheet.
When Ziri came close enough, Rima jumped on him and stabbed him.
When Ziri came out of school, he found Rima waiting for him.
When Ziri came out, the crowd went silent.
When Ziri converted to Islam, a lot of people reacted negatively.
When Ziri converted to Islam, he got closer to God.
When Ziri converted to Islam, his problems went away.
When Ziri dropped his ice cream, he made a scene.
When Ziri expressed his opinion about homosexuality, the media started to attack and even categorize him.
When Ziri flipped the switch again, Rima was gone.
When Ziri found Rima eating his taco, he blew up at her.
When Ziri found out what he was suspected of, he explained everything to the cops.
When Ziri found out, he was furious.
When Ziri found out, he went insane.
When Ziri googled Rima, nude photos popped up.
When Ziri got back, he had the biggest shock waiting for him.
When Ziri got home, he decided to call Rima.
When Ziri got there, everything was quiet.
When Ziri got there, his jaw dropped open.
When Ziri got up in the morning, the first thing he did was run downstairs.
When Ziri heard Rima's voice, he nearly jumped out of his skin.
When Ziri heard that, his jaw hit the floor.
When Ziri introduced Rima to Walid, her jaw dropped open.
When Ziri is at home, he always sleeps on his left side.
When Ziri is nervous, he giggles.
When Ziri is nervous, he smiles.
When Ziri leaves Rima, she will be completely alone.
When Ziri looked back, the figure was gone.
When Ziri looked down, there was a shark.
When Ziri looked in a mirror, he freaked out.
When Ziri looked up and saw Rima laughing at him, his face literally contorted with rage.
When Ziri looked up at Rima, he was shocked to see her.
When Ziri looked up from the floor, he saw Rima smiling at him.
When Ziri looked up, he froze.
When Ziri looked up, the light was gone.
When Ziri opened his eyes again, the ghost was closer.
When Ziri opened the box, his face fell.
When Ziri opens his restaurant, Nuja is going to drink for free.
When Ziri picked the medlars, they were quite hard.
When Ziri picked up the envelope, he burst into tears.
When Ziri reached the hospital, his niece was born already.
When Ziri read Rima’s name, his heart lept into his throat.
When Ziri rubbed on the ewe's udders with his warm hands, she became calm.
When Ziri said that, Rima's heart skipped a beat.
When Ziri sat next to Rima, she got up and walked away.
When Ziri saw Rima's bandaged face, he almost burst out crying.
When Ziri saw Rima, he almost passed out.
When Ziri saw Rima, he blushed and looked away.
When Ziri saw Rima, he immediately freaked out.
When Ziri saw Rima, he sighed in relief.
When Ziri saw Rima, his heart almost jumped out of his chest.
When Ziri saw Rima, the blood drained from his face.
When Ziri saw the coach, he froze up.
When Ziri saw the letter, his blood ran cold.
When Ziri saw the painting, his eyes welled up.
When Ziri saw the principal, he ran away with his minions.
When Ziri saw the spider, he screamed and jumped back.
When Ziri scored the winning goal, Rima jumped out of her seat and screamed with all her might.
When Ziri shined his flashlight on the hyena, it cowered away.
When Ziri speaks Arabic, he takes some words from Berber.
When Ziri speaks Berber, Rima doesn't understand what he's saying.
When Ziri speaks Berber, he gets very nervous.
When Ziri speaks Berber, he makes a lot of mistakes.
When Ziri speaks Berber, he makes mistakes.
When Ziri speaks Berber, he sounds like a native.
When Ziri speaks Berber, his face turns red.
When Ziri started flirting with Rima, Walid went ballistic.
When Ziri started narrating what happened, he seemed nervous.
When Ziri started speaking Berber, Rima stopped and froze.
When Ziri started to eat, Rima turned away in disgust.
When Ziri switched to another channel, his radio cut out.
When Ziri turned around, Rima had already disappeared.
When Ziri turned around, Rima immediately shot him.
When Ziri turned around, he realized that everyone in the locker room was looking at him in surprise.
When Ziri turned around, he saw Rima crying.
When Ziri turned around, he saw Rima who was smiling.
When Ziri turned around, he saw his mother.
When Ziri turned around, he saw the girl who was motionless.
When Ziri turned around, he was terrified to see that the girl was missing her face.
When Ziri turned around, the girl had vanished.
When Ziri turned towards Rima, she had just disappeared.
When Ziri walked in, Rima was shocked.
When Ziri walked in, he realized that he was in an abandoned building.
When Ziri walked in, he saw Rima kissing Walid.
When Ziri walked into the room, he found it empty.
When Ziri walked into the studio, he found Rima kissing Walid.
When Ziri walks in, heads turn.
When Ziri was a kid, he didn't know he was different from other children his age.
When Ziri was born, Walid and Rima were over the moon.
When Ziri was born, his parents were over the moon.
When Ziri was four months old, he emigrated to Canada with his mom and dad.
When Ziri was four, his dad had a job that required him to be out of town a lot.
When Ziri was growing up, he had a cousin who lived in Tigzirt.
When Ziri was heading to class, Rima pulled him aside.
When Ziri was in the water, he looked terrified.
When Ziri was just four years old, Rima moved away and never came back.
When Ziri was out of money, his project came to a stop.
When Ziri was walking home, Rima caught up with him.
When Ziri was walking into the coffee shop, he bumped into Rima.
When Ziri went home, he cried.
When Ziri went home, he was in for a big surprise.
When Ziri went to Mexico, he changed his name to Jesus.
When Ziri woke up in the morning, all he wanted to do was run to Rima's home and play in the swimming pool.
When Ziri woke up the next morning, Rima wasn't with him.
When Ziri woke up the next morning, he felt so ashamed about how he acted.
When Ziri woke up the next morning, he sensed that something was wrong.
When Ziri woke up, he found himself in Rima's bed.
When Ziri woke up, he was in his bed.
When Ziri woke up, he was in the forest, lying on the ground.
When Ziri woke up, there was no one around.
When Ziri's GPS went out, he used the physical maps he brought with him.
When Ziri's body was found, there were no marks on it whatsoever.
When Ziri's father died, he lost control.
When Ziri's name was announced, Rima's jaw dropped open.
When Ziri's sister woke up, he told her what he had seen and she went pale.
When Zoë comes out of the pool, I dress her again quickly so that she doesn't get cold.
When a Chinese girl gets old, her family becomes nervous.
When a Hungarian boy gives his girlfriend a kiss, he can choke her.
When a Kabyle book fall into my hands, I read it.
When a Mexican grandmother says "shut up and listen," you just shut up and listen.
When a Muslim woman gets married, she retains her family name.
When a Muslim woman is home, she doesn't wear hijab.
When a Sage shall again arise, he will certainly follow my words.
When a Singaporean hears where goods are cheap, he goes there.
When a baby giraffe is born, it drops six feet to the ground but it doesn't get hurt.
When a big ape emerged from the cave, they got frightened and ran away.
When a book and a head collide and a hollow sound is heard, must it always have come from the book?
When a book is covered in cloth of a good dark tint it may be allowed to remain unbound, but the primrose and lilac hues soon call out for the aid of the binder.
When a cancer grows in an organ, it competes with healthy tissue for nutrients and space, killing off healthy cells, which release their DNA into the bloodstream.
When a cart is used, use caution when moving the cart or apparatus combination to avoid injury from tip-over.
When a cartoon bumps his head, there are all those things swirling around his head.
When a cat blinks slowly, it means they trust you.
When a cat eats fish, it is happy.
When a cat grooms itself, it indicates it feels comfortable and at ease.
When a cat is asleep, it's not really sleeping.
When a cat is facing the wall, it means they want to be left alone.
When a cat or dog licks you, it's their equivalent of petting you.
When a cat purrs, he's telling you that he feels good by your side.
When a cat purrs, he's telling you that he's satisfied.
When a cat purrs, it's healing itself.
When a cat purrs, it's keeping itself fit and happy.
When a cat purrs, it's keeping itself healthy and happy.
When a cat's ears are pulled back and their tail is tucked in, it means they feel threatened and should be left alone.
When a cat's tail is in the shape of a question mark, it usually means they want to play.
When a child, I used to go fishing with him.
When a child, I would play with the toys.
When a child, he was in delicate health.
When a clog like this happens, you don't have to call a plumber.
When a cloud passed in front of the sun, I felt chilly in my wet clothes.
When a clown is made king, the court becomes a circus.
When a clown moves into a palace, the clown doesn't become a king, but the palace becomes a circus.
When a clown moves into the palace, he doesn’t become the king; instead the palace becomes a circus.
When a coil is moved near a wire through which current is flowing, current is generated in the coil as well.
When a coil is moved near to a wire with current flowing in it current flows in the coil as well.
When a coral egg and sperm join together as an embryo, they develop into a coral larva, called a planula. Planulae float in the ocean, some for days and some for weeks, before dropping to the ocean floor. Then, depending on seafloor conditions, the planulae may attach to the substrate and grow into a new coral colony at the slow rate of about .4 inches a year.
When a country is well governed, poverty and a mean condition are things to be ashamed of. When a country is ill governed, riches and honor are things to be ashamed of.
When a cow was butchered, we had meat and beef fat.
When a critical infrastructure device is attacked, the federal authorities should be able to arrange with the Internet providers that data traffic is blocked or redirected.
When a currency depreciates, that has an inflationary effect on the economy of the country of the currency.
When a danger threatens us, we look up to God. If the danger ceases, we forget about God.
When a doctor does go wrong he is the first of criminals. He has nerve and he has knowledge.
When a dog is very hungry, it devours its food.
When a door closes, another one opens.
When a fig is ripe, it opens up at the bottom and it releases its sugars.
When a fool has high self-esteem, confidence and initiative, he becomes a source of danger.
When a fossil is found, paleontologists use a variety of tiny picks, knives, and glues to dig around the bone, making sure to leave as much rock on the fossil as possible.
When a friend comes from afar, is that not delightful?
When a fruit has been picked before it is ripe, it is useless to expect a good taste.
When a fruit has been picked before it is ripe, it loses all its taste.
When a girl has sex for the first time, her hymen ruptures and bleeds.
When a girl makes me cry, I go all mute.
When a girl makes me cry, I'm never able to say anything.
When a girl starts crying, I never know what to say.
When a good opportunity presents itself, I don't let it pass.
When a holiday falls on Sunday, we have an extra holiday on Monday.
When a holiday falls on a Sunday, we get Monday off.
When a holiday falls on a Sunday, we get a day off on Monday.
When a homeless Black person is murdered on the subway, the American right claims they deserve it. When a corrupt former president is formally charged for things where there is no debate over whether he did them, it's the biggest travesty of justice ever to them.
When a language dies, valuable knowledge disappears with it.
When a language dies, valuable scientific data disappears forever.
When a language disappears, valuable knowledge disappears with it.
When a lie is often repeated, people begin to believe it.
When a little girl was born to a family, it was considered such a disgrace.
When a man becomes poor, the beggar in him will come out.
When a man cannot choose, he ceases to be a man.
When a man cries, he is strong. When a woman cries, she is being hysterical.
When a man is really in love he can't help looking like a sheep. Now, whenever that young man looked at you he looked like a sheep.
When a man is tired of London, he is tired of life; for there is in London all that life can afford.
When a man loves cats, I am his friend and comrade, without further introduction.
When a man opens the door of a car for a woman, either the woman is new, or the car.
When a man reproached him for going into unclean places, he said, "The sun too penetrates into privies, but is not polluted by them."
When a man sets a goal, God quickly does the opposite.
When a man wants to murder a tiger he calls it sport; when a tiger wants to murder him he calls it ferocity.
When a massive star dies, it runs out of fuel, collapses under its own weight and explodes as a supernova.
When a medical doctor follows the coffin of a patient, it is in fact sometimes the cause that follows the effect.
When a moment later I saw your eyes wander away from the picture, I suspected that your mind had now turned to the Civil War, and when I observed that your lips set, your eyes sparkled, and your hands clenched I was positive that you were indeed thinking of the gallantry which was shown by both sides in that desperate struggle.
When a mountain is angered, it becomes a volcano.
When a native speaker makes disparaging remarks about your proficiency in their native tongue, just tell them "fuck you" and move on.
When a native speaker of Japanese says, "You talk like geisha," he's telling you you're not hip to the extra-grammatical dimensions of his language.
When a native speaker tries to help me sound more like a native speaker, I'm appreciative.
When a native speaker tries to help me sound more like a native speaker, I'm thankful.
When a native speaker tries to help me sound more like a native speaker, I’m appreciative.
When a native speaker tries to help me sound more like a native speaker, I’m thankful.
When a new electronic device is released, everyone goes crazy.
When a new flu infects one human being, all are at risk.
When a newspaper dies, a piece of democracy dies with it.
When a person can't find a deep sense of meaning, they distract themselves with pleasure.
When a person develops cancer, the body mounts an immune response against the renegade cells but it is often too weak to halt their spread.
When a person doesn't understand something, he feels internal discord: however he doesn't search for that discord in himself, as he should, but searches outside of himself. Thence a war develops with that which he doesn't understand.
When a person goes to Malija’s house, they will feel good.
When a person is baptized, his whole body should be put under the water momentarily.
When a person is praying one day, and then he sins six days, the Great Spirit is angry, and the Evil Spirit laughs.
When a person is tired, there's nothing better than the bathtub.
When a person mixes blue with yellow, is green made or what?
When a philosopher answers me, I no longer understand my question.
When a phone is bugged, a Pegasus operator can secretly extract chats, pictures, e-mails and location data from it, or activate microphones and cameras, without the owner knowing.
When a plane refuels, it usually needs to be on the ground.
When a poison expires, does it become more poisonous or less poisonous?
When a police officer pulls you over for driving in the fast lane, does he have carte blanche to search your cell phone, too?
When a president or a governor acts wisely and lawfully, Americans express their approval by reelecting him and by supporting his political party.
When a robot receives the order for certain merchandise it identifies the shelf containing the ware, lifts it just a few inches off the floor and carries it to a worker, who only has to place the item into a box on a conveyer belt to the shipping department.
When a satellite is at its apogee, it is as far as it gets from Earth.
When a satellite is at its apogee, it is as far as it gets from the body it orbits.
When a sentence is not owned by anyone, like this one, you can correct it yourself.
When a sinner repents, anger is silenced.
When a small boy is helping you, you must make allowance for his age.
When a smart person speaks, listen to them!
When a sneeze comes out, and he hears the "Achoo!," a "Bless you" or "Gesundheit" soon will ensue.
When a solid melts, it becomes liquid.
When a spermatozoon meets an egg these two come together and form a larger cell that will grow into the woman's belly and become a baby.
When a squirrel senses danger, the first thing it instinctively does is stand still.
When a strong earthquake struck suddenly, my mom just walked around the house in shock.
When a teacher is really strict, their students need to work hard.
When a team makes its entrance, the captain leads the way.
When a thing has been said and well said, have no scruple: take it and copy it.
When a thing is funny, search it carefully for a hidden truth.
When a thunderstorm suddenly came out of the blue, she jumped abruptly out of the hammock and ran headlong into the house where she stopped short, remembering suddenly that she had no lightning rod, and because she realized at once that this sudden onrush of a thunderstorm could end her life before she could say Jack Robinson, she became sore afraid.
When a tire loses its tread, it's time to buy a new one.
When a tire loses its tread, it’s time to buy a new one.
When a traffic light is flashing, you have to pay attention.
When a transformation has happened, it's not always reversible. However, sometimes a little change makes the transformation backwards possible. Thus, since a change is in this case a transformation as well, there might be needed a transformation to make it possible for the transformation that is the reverse of another transformation to happen.
When a translation is done well, it is difficult to tell which of the two texts is the original.
When a user rejects a voice clip it returns to the Queue.
When a voter applies for a mail ballot, it is recorded in the voter file.
When a weasel pays a new year visit to a chicken, that's no reason for comfort!
When a whole town is destroyed in a bush fire, it is the elderly who find it most difficult to start again.
When a woman is murdered, the husband or boyfriend is always the number one suspect.
When a woman is talking to you, listen to what she says with her eyes.
When a woman is united with the male, she becomes creative, when she isn't united with the male, she becomes destructive.
When a woman tells you she has to talk to you, it’s generally not good.
When a woman's angry, four little kisses are all you need to comfort her.
When a woman's angry, you only need four little kisses to make her happy.
When a word is borrowed from another language, it frequently begins by having the same meaning; but with continued use in both languages, the now separate words may accrete disparate connotations.
When a worker logs into her MTurk dashboard, she sees a list of available HITs, who they’re offered by, the deadline, and the pay.
When a young man he had dreamed of a republic, but now, after coming to Paris, he became a Bonapartist.
When able to attack, we must seem unable. When using our forces, we must seem inactive. When we are near, we must make the enemy believe we are far away.
When acid comes in contact with metal, it causes a chemical reaction.
When acid touches metal, a chemical reaction happens.
When actors decide to become musicians, they usually become pigeonholed quickly.
When adopting a phrase, I sometimes modify it slightly without changing its meaning.
When adrenaline kicked in, I ran away as fast as I could.
When advice will no longer help, nothing will.
When age regressing, people let go of stressful "grown-up" thoughts, and make themselves more dependent on a caregiver to make them feel safe.
When air dries, the throat dries, and cough comes out.
When aircraft break the sound barrier, this causes the so-called sonic boom.
When all else fails, look elsewhere.
When all else fails, read the instructions.
When all else fails, use fire.
When all is said and done, the most precious element in life is wonder.
When all our flight hardware is ready in 2024, we’ll hold the System Integration Review and integrate the Roman observatory. Finally, we’ll test the whole observatory in environments that simulate launch and our orbit to make sure Roman will work as designed.
When all the group members are silent, somebody must break the ice.
When all was said and done, the world was not destroyed on December 21, 2012.
When all you have is a hammer, every problem starts to look like a nail.
When all you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail.
When am I going to see you again?
When am I going to wake up from this dream?
When am I supposed to do that?
When am I to contact you?
When an Algerian is in Sicily, he feels at home.
When an Algerian wants to find work in France he pretends to be a Kabyle while hating him with all his guts.
When an English speaker realises that a foreign person they are speaking to doesn't understand one of their sentences, they repeat it, the same way, but louder, as though the person were deaf. At no point does it come to their mind that their vocabulary might be complicated or that their expression might most probably be ambiguous to a foreigner and that they could reword it in a simpler way. The result is that not only does the person still not understand, but they get irritated at being considered deaf.
When an Uyghur met a Belarusian, what language did the two speak to each other?
When an acid comes into contact with a metal, a chemical reaction begins.
When an actor plays a scene exactly the way a director orders, it isn't acting. It's following instructions. Anyone with the physical qualifications can do that.
When an adult tells a lie to a child, he thinks he's always right.
When an adult tells a lie to a child, he thinks he’s always right.
When an answer is not forthcoming, questioners assert their rights to an answer by repeating the question.
When an astronomer discovers one of these asteroids he does not give it a name, but only a number.
When an average person sends a message in a bottle, it's just a childish fantasy. When Christopher Columbus sends a message in a bottle, the fate of an entire country is at stake.
When an average person sends a message in a bottle, it’s just a childish fantasy. When Christopher Columbus sends a message in a bottle, the fate of an entire country is at stake.
When an earthquake occurs, what will you do first?
When an ill wind blows it does good to no one.
When an object moves away from Earth, the light that it is giving off is seen in longer wavelengths. When an object moves toward Earth, the light that it is giving off is seen in shorter wavelengths.
When an opportunity comes long, you have to grab it with both hands.
When an unkind word is said, a thoughtless word, it's best to tune out.
When and how did the incident come about?
When and how did the message in a bottle appear?
When and where can we meet?
When and where can you meet her?
When and where did the accident happen?
When and where did the war break out?
When and where did they find Tom?
When and where did you and Tom first kiss?
When and where did you buy that old clock?
When and where did you buy that?
When and where did you come to know her?
When and where did you first meet Tom?
When and where did you meet Tom?
When and where did you meet her?
When and where did you meet them?
When and where did you receive the gift?
When and where did you two meet?
When and where do you want to meet?
When and where exactly did you buy that?
When and where is breakfast served?
When and where is the party?
When and where shall we do that?
When and where shall we meet?
When and where should we do that?
When and where was Beethoven born?
When and where was Napoleon defeated?
When and where was Tom Jackson born?
When and where will the funeral be?
When angry, count ten before you speak; if very angry, count a hundred.
When angry, count ten; when very angry, a hundred.
When angry, count to four. When very angry, swear.
When angry, count to ten before you speak.
When angry, count to ten before you speak; if very angry, count to one hundred.
When angry, count to ten.
When animals sate themselves, they quarrel in the stable.
When annualized, the quarterly gain represents a 4% growth.
When answering this question, some people might put forward this kind of example: "Chinese people are very hospitable, whilst English people are more reserved."
When any of them misbehaved,—which was very seldom,—that child was forbidden to visit the garden for one or two days, or a week, according to the nature of its offence.
When any pretty maiden came near the castle, she was changed into a bird, and the fairy put her into a cage, and hung her up in a chamber in the castle.
When any young man came within a hundred paces of her castle, he became quite fixed, and could not move a step till she came and set him free.
When anyone tries to explain the inexplicable, he is getting ready to excuse the inexcusable.
When applying for a student loan you must report any dependants.
When applying for tickets, please give alternative dates.
When applying to American universities, your TOEFL score is only one factor.
When apprentices complained that they got more harassment than training from their employers, Granny said calmly: "Well, time spent in apprenticeship is not like time spent being the master."
When approaching the hot springs, we became aware of their nearness by the sulphurous smell that came wafting towards us.
When are Tom and I supposed to do that?
When are Tom and Mary arriving?
When are Tom and Mary coming back from Boston?
When are Tom and Mary coming back?
When are Tom and Mary coming home?
When are Tom and Mary coming?
When are Tom and Mary due back?
When are Tom and Mary expected back?
When are Tom and Mary getting here?
When are Tom and Mary going to arrive?
When are Tom and Mary going to come over?
When are Tom and Mary going to do that?
When are Tom and Mary going to eat?
When are Tom and Mary going to get here?
When are Tom and Mary going to go to Boston?
When are Tom and Mary going to leave?
When are Tom and Mary going to meet?
When are Tom and Mary planning on doing that?
When are Tom and Mary planning on going?
When are Tom and Mary planning to come over?
When are Tom and Mary planning to do that?
When are Tom and Mary planning to go to Boston?
When are Tom and Mary planning to go?
When are Tom and Mary supposed to be here?
When are Tom and Mary supposed to do that?
When are the books being delivered?
When are the elections?
When are the kittens going to be born?
When are the meetings?
When are the shops open till today?
When are the shops open until today?
When are they coming back from vacation?
When are they coming back?
When are they coming home?
When are they coming?
When are they getting married?
When are they going to Italy?
When are they going to give up?
When are they going to put the book on the market?
When are they going to see you?
When are those loitering kids going to get out?
When are visiting hours?
When are we booked for?
When are we eating? I'm hungry!
When are we eating? I’m hungry!
When are we getting married?
When are we going back to Australia?
When are we going back to Boston?
When are we going home?
When are we going shopping?
When are we going sunbathing?
When are we going there?
When are we going to France?
When are we going to Mars?
When are we going to be paid?
When are we going to do it?
When are we going to do that?
When are we going to eat?
When are we going to ever use this stuff?
When are we going to get home?
When are we going to get together?
When are we going to have lunch?
When are we going to land?
When are we going to leave?
When are we going to meet her?
When are we going to meet your fiancé?
When are we going to meet your fiancée?
When are we going to play their team?
When are we going to start eating?
When are we going to stop?
When are we going to tell Tom?
When are we going to tell her?
When are we going to tell him?
When are we going to tell them?
When are we going to the airport?
When are we going to the beach?
When are we going to use it?
When are we having a break?
When are we leaving for the airport?
When are we leaving?
When are we meeting?
When are we off?
When are we seeing each other?
When are we setting off?
When are we stopping? I want to drink a coffee.
When are we supposed to do that?
When are you all going to start with your work?
When are you arriving at the airport?
When are you asking him to have dinner?
When are you available next month?
When are you available?
When are you away?
When are you busy?
When are you celebrating your parents' wedding anniversary?
When are you climbing that mountain?
When are you coming again?
When are you coming back from Algiers?
When are you coming back from the pub?
When are you coming back here?
When are you coming back home?
When are you coming back to Algeria?
When are you coming back to Australia?
When are you coming back to Boston?
When are you coming back to the office?
When are you coming back to work?
When are you coming back?
When are you coming for a visit?
When are you coming here?
When are you coming home again?
When are you coming home this evening?
When are you coming home to the Faroe Islands?
When are you coming home today?
When are you coming home?
When are you coming over to do that?
When are you coming over?
When are you coming to Algeria?
When are you coming to Australia?
When are you coming to Boston again?
When are you coming to Boston?
When are you coming to Japan?
When are you coming to Lanzarote?
When are you coming to Melbourne again?
When are you coming to finish the job?
When are you coming to join us?
When are you coming to see me?
When are you coming to the Netherlands?
When are you coming to the moon? We need you.
When are you coming to us?
When are you coming to visit me?
When are you coming to visit my town?
When are you coming?
When are you coming? We really need your help.
When are you driving to Tom's house?
When are you driving to Tom's place?
When are you driving to Tom's?
When are you due?
When are you expecting?
When are you finally going to oil your door?
When are you flying back to Australia?
When are you flying back to Boston?
When are you free next week?
When are you free this week?
When are you free?
When are you getting married?
When are you getting off work?
When are you getting out of bed?
When are you getting out of here?
When are you getting out of prison?
When are you getting up, then?
When are you getting up?
When are you getting your hair cut?
When are you going abroad?
When are you going back to Australia?
When are you going back to Boston?
When are you going back to Italy?
When are you going back to Japan?
When are you going back to Malaysia?
When are you going back to work?
When are you going back to your own country?
When are you going back?
When are you going home?
When are you going on holiday this year?
When are you going on holiday?
When are you going on summer vacation?
When are you going on vacation?
When are you going out?
When are you going shopping?
When are you going to Addis Ababa?
When are you going to Australia?
When are you going to Boston?
When are you going to Europe?
When are you going to São Paulo?
When are you going to Tom's place?
When are you going to Tom's?
When are you going to Vienna?
When are you going to York?
When are you going to apologize to Tom?
When are you going to apologize?
When are you going to approach him about your pay rise?
When are you going to ask her to marry you?
When are you going to ask her?
When are you going to be back?
When are you going to be done?
When are you going to be finished?
When are you going to be here next?
When are you going to buy a hammer?
When are you going to buy a new car?
When are you going to buy a new computer?
When are you going to buy that?
When are you going to call me?
When are you going to call the doctor's office?
When are you going to call the doctor’s office?
When are you going to call?
When are you going to change your behaviour?
When are you going to college?
When are you going to come and see me?
When are you going to come and visit me?
When are you going to come home?
When are you going to come?
When are you going to consider me your friend?
When are you going to cut your hair?
When are you going to deal with Tom?
When are you going to do that?
When are you going to eat?
When are you going to face up to the fact that you are getting old?
When are you going to finish doing that?
When are you going to finish this?
When are you going to finish?
When are you going to get a haircut?
When are you going to get a job?
When are you going to get back from Australia?
When are you going to get back from Boston?
When are you going to get dinner ready?
When are you going to get here?
When are you going to get married?
When are you going to get out of bed?
When are you going to get rid of all this junk?
When are you going to get rid of all this stuff?
When are you going to get there?
When are you going to get up?
When are you going to get your dates?
When are you going to get your hair cut?
When are you going to give me back my book?
When are you going to give me my book back?
When are you going to give up?
When are you going to go home?
When are you going to go shopping?
When are you going to go to Sydney?
When are you going to go?
When are you going to graduate?
When are you going to have a baby?
When are you going to have another baby?
When are you going to have kids?
When are you going to have surgery?
When are you going to leave for Boston?
When are you going to leave for London?
When are you going to leave?
When are you going to make lunch?
When are you going to marry her?
When are you going to marry him?
When are you going to marry me?
When are you going to meet Tom's parents?
When are you going to meet her?
When are you going to meet with Tom?
When are you going to move?
When are you going to open your new restaurant?
When are you going to pay me back the money I lent you?
When are you going to pay me?
When are you going to phone Tom?
When are you going to phone me?
When are you going to phone?
When are you going to pick Tom up at the airport?
When are you going to pick Tom up from school?
When are you going to publish these findings?
When are you going to quit smoking cigarettes?
When are you going to quit smoking?
When are you going to read that book?
When are you going to reimburse Tom?
When are you going to retire?
When are you going to return from Boston?
When are you going to return from Milan?
When are you going to return home?
When are you going to return to Germany?
When are you going to ring Tom?
When are you going to ring me?
When are you going to ring?
When are you going to say something to Tom about this?
When are you going to say something to Tom?
When are you going to say what happened?
When are you going to say, I do?
When are you going to see Tom again?
When are you going to send it to me?
When are you going to settle down and find yourself a husband?
When are you going to settle up with Tom?
When are you going to start doing a little exercise?
When are you going to start learning French?
When are you going to start learning German?
When are you going to start paying attention?
When are you going to start studying French?
When are you going to start the translation of Mary's article?
When are you going to stop beating your wife?
When are you going to stop laughing like an idiot?
When are you going to take me home, Tom?
When are you going to talk to Tom about that?
When are you going to talk to me?
When are you going to talk with Tom?
When are you going to tell Tom about Mary?
When are you going to tell Tom about it?
When are you going to tell Tom about that?
When are you going to tell Tom about what happened?
When are you going to tell Tom about what we did?
When are you going to tell Tom that you want to get married?
When are you going to tell Tom the truth?
When are you going to tell Tom you want to get married?
When are you going to tell Tom?
When are you going to tell her?
When are you going to tell him?
When are you going to tell me?
When are you going to tell them?
When are you going to tell us?
When are you going to the Netherlands?
When are you going to the barber's?
When are you going to the hairdresser's?
When are you going to the library?
When are you going to the moon? We need you.
When are you going to trust me?
When are you going to visit me in Sweden?
When are you going to wear your new shoes for the first time?
When are you going to work again?
When are you going to work on your art?
When are you going to work?
When are you going?
When are you guys coming back?
When are you guys going to watch the movie?
When are you having lunch with him?
When are you having lunch?
When are you having your final interview?
When are you holding a sale?
When are you in Munich?
When are you leaving Boston?
When are you leaving for America?
When are you leaving for Australia?
When are you leaving for Boston?
When are you leaving for Kabylie?
When are you leaving for Rome?
When are you leaving?
When are you moving in with Tom?
When are you moving into your new house?
When are you moving to your new house?
When are you moving to your new place?
When are you moving?
When are you off?
When are you open till today?
When are you open until today?
When are you people going to get it through your stubborn heads that the responsibility for this whole shebang is mine and mine alone?
When are you phoning Tom?
When are you phoning me?
When are you phoning?
When are you picking it up?
When are you planning on doing that?
When are you planning on getting married?
When are you planning on going?
When are you planning on leaving?
When are you planning on moving?
When are you planning on taking pictures?
When are you planning to begin?
When are you planning to come back?
When are you planning to do that?
When are you planning to get married?
When are you planning to go to Australia?
When are you planning to go to Boston?
When are you planning to go?
When are you planning to leave?
When are you planning to phone me?
When are you planning to return?
When are you planning to take pictures?
When are you planning to tell Tom?
When are you planning to tie the knot?
When are you planning to visit Australia?
When are you planning to visit Boston?
When are you planning to visit your father in hospital?
When are you retiring?
When are you returning to Australia?
When are you returning to Boston?
When are you returning to Italy?
When are you returning to your country?
When are you ringing Tom?
When are you ringing me?
When are you ringing?
When are you sitting your exam?
When are you starting your new job?
When are you staying here till?
When are you staying here until?
When are you staying in Japan till?
When are you stopping this charade?
When are you taking your exam?
When are you the happiest?
When are you thinking of going?
When are you thinking of phoning me?
When are you thinking of ringing me?
When are you to leave here?
When are you two getting married?
When are you visiting us?
When are you visiting?
When are you walking home?
When are your final exams?
When are your friends coming to Australia?
When are your friends coming to Boston?
When are your friends coming to the United States?
When are your mid-term exams?
When are your parents coming home?
When are yours coming back?
When arguing, the difference between a man and a woman is like between a rifle and a machine gun.
When arranging items in the fridge, use the "first in, first out" method to minimize waste.
When arranging items on the counter, use a designated spot for each.
When arsenopyrite (FeAsS) is dissolved in nitric acid, elemental sulfur is released and arsenic acid is formed.
When as brothers we unite, we’ll defeat the people’s foe.
When asked about the secret of her long and unusually harmonious marriage, my friend explained: "My husband and I realised from the start that we couldn't agree on anything, so we never tried."
When asked about the spill's impact on residents, he said the leakage took place in a remote area where there is no human settlement.
When asked how to do it, he said he didn't know.
When asked how to do it, he said he didn’t know.
When asked if it was interesting, he showed a gentle smile and affirmed that there is no such thing as something interesting.
When asked what he intended to do, Tom said he was going to go swimming.
When asked what learning was the most necessary, he said, "Not to unlearn what you have learned."
When asked what separates American men from European men, Zsa Zsa Gabor replied, "The Atlantic Ocean, darling."
When asked what wine he liked to drink, he replied, "That which belongs to another."
When asked who shot him, the gangster Arnold Rothstein responded, "Me mudder did it."
When at last the time for migration was approaching, a specially designed vegetation was shipped to Neptune and established in the warm area to fit it for man's use. Animals, it was decided, would be unnecessary. Subsequently a specially designed human species, the Ninth Men, was transported to man's new home. The giant Eighth Men could not themselves inhabit Neptune. The trouble was not merely that they could scarcely support their own weight, let alone walk, but that the atmospheric pressure on Neptune was unendurable. For the great planet bore a gaseous envelope thousands of miles deep. The solid globe was scarcely more than the yolk of a huge egg.
When attaching a polarizing plate, set it first and then attach a protective plate (a clear acrylic plate).
When attacked he defended himself with an umbrella.
When attacking, the fire ant stinger injects venom. It is fatal to small animals, and very uncomfortable to humans. It produces a burning sensation like fire. Small red bumps will appear on the skin and be annoyingly itchy. The venom from fire ants can actually be deadly to persons who are sensitive or allergic.
When autumn comes, many people suffer from a mild form of depression that could be treated with phototherapy.
When autumn comes, the children paste beautiful leaves into collages.
When baboons could not compromise on where to go, Crofoot said they had to stop and think about it. This wasted precious time that they could have spent on grooming, socializing, eating, and playing, she said.
When bad boys become good and kind, they have the power of making their homes gay and new with happiness.
When bad men combine, the good must associate; else they will fall one by one, an unpitied sacrifice in a contemptible struggle.
When baking a cake, it is important to stick to the recipe.
When bald men taking the blood pressure medication minoxidil grew hair, the drug was repurposed as the blockbuster hair-growth product Rogaine.
When bears sleep or lie down, their postures depend on whether they want to get rid of heat or conserve it.
When bee-eaters regroup and come and go before migrating, it is surely to make sure that they do not forget any of their own.
When bletted, medlars are soft.
When bletted, medlars become soft.
When booking flights, I decided the easiest way would be to fly to Beijing first, then get the train to complete my journey.
When both girls told John they had feelings for him, he was in a quandary as to which girl he should be with.
When buying a car, please remember the following do's and don'ts.
When buying a house, one is also buying neighbours.
When buying fowl, check that it has no teeth. If it has teeth, it is not fowl.
When buying materials from unknown sellers, do your due diligence.
When can I begin?
When can I call you?
When can I collect my luggage?
When can I come over?
When can I come to you?
When can I do that?
When can I do this?
When can I download the new data?
When can I drink alcohol after finishing metronidazole?
When can I expect you?
When can I fly after a heart attack?
When can I fly after surgery?
When can I get out of here?
When can I go there?
When can I go to your house?
When can I meet you again?
When can I meet you?
When can I meet?
When can I move in?
When can I open my gifts?
When can I phone you?
When can I pick up the car?
When can I pick up the cars?
When can I ring you?
When can I see Tom again?
When can I see Tom?
When can I see a movie about Jules Verne on TV?
When can I see her again?
When can I see her?
When can I see him again?
When can I see him?
When can I see my grandchild again?
When can I see them again?
When can I see them?
When can I see you again?
When can I see you again? I miss you.
When can I see you next time?
When can I see you next?
When can I see you?
When can I shear my heathers?
When can I start?
When can I swim here?
When can I take a break?
When can I take a shower?
When can I telephone you?
When can I train?
When can I travel?
When can I use my telephone?
When can I visit you?
When can Tom come home?
When can Tom do that?
When can Tom do this?
When can Vladimir legally become independent?
When can he box again?
When can he come to my house?
When can one say that a person has alcohol issues?
When can we eat, I wonder.
When can we eat?
When can we expect you?
When can we get started?
When can we get together?
When can we go swimming?
When can we go to the store?
When can we go visit the new park down the street?
When can we have a discussion about this?
When can we leave?
When can we meet again?
When can we meet up?
When can we meet?
When can we move in?
When can we move?
When can we return?
When can we see Tom?
When can we see each other again?
When can we see each other?
When can we see her?
When can we see him?
When can we see them?
When can we see you?
When can we sit to eat?
When can we start sending humans to Mars?
When can we start?
When can we talk?
When can we use this until?
When can we visit her?
When can we watch the next part?
When can you begin?
When can you come over to my house?
When can you come over?
When can you come to my home?
When can you come to my house?
When can you come?
When can you do it?
When can you do that?
When can you give it to me?
When can you leave?
When can you let me know the result?
When can you start working?
When can you start?
When can you take over?
When candles are out, all cats are grey.
When capital punishment is administered, it will be done in a way that causes the least possible suffering.
When cats are upset, they let you know.
When cats hunt mice, they don't meow.
When cats sleep near you, it means they like you. If they sleep on their back, it means they trust you a lot.
When cats slowly blink at you, it means they trust you. Slowly blink back at them!
When challenged to pronounce "shibboleth", Christopher Columbus did it in such a perfect way, that he was instantly recognized as the new leader of the natives' army.
When challenged to pronounce "shibboleth", Christopher Columbus did it in such a perfect way, that he was instantly recognized as the new leader of the natives’ army.
When changing lanes look over your shoulder and check your blind spot.
When chickens pancake-shape maintain, the tractor must have won again.
When children are ordered to do a certain thing by such adult standards, they frequently refuse to follow the instructions for no other reason than that they have been told to do so.
When children play Go, they use a 5-by-5 or 7-by-7 board.
When children play, they often make believe they are grownup.
When children speak a different language at home than with their friends, they usually become more proficient at the language they speak with friends.
When choosing a wheel, you should know what you want and why you want it.
When choosing his enemies, man can never be cautious enough.
When choosing mineral water, we should prefer water that is rich in calcium and magnesium, but low in sodium.
When class is over, it will probably be raining.
When class is over, it'll probably be raining.
When clay soaks up water, it becomes like dough.
When cleaning the classroom, a few students carry the podium.
When cleaning up spills, use paper towels or disposable cloths, not kitchen towels.
When colorful spray-painted names — or tags — started to appear on the sides of New York City's subway cars in the 1970s, they grabbed photographer Henry Chalfant's attention and curiosity.
When comet 45P zipped past Earth early in 2017, researchers observing from NASA’s Infrared Telescope Facility, or IRTF, in Hawaii measured the levels of nine gases released from the icy nucleus into the comet’s thin atmosphere, or coma.
When commenting on German sentences, you should probably use German to talk with German speakers about German.
When compact discs arrived, his little record store struggled but eventually became a kind of museum, with customers going there to learn about music history.
When compared to Paris, London is large.
When comparing two vector quantities of the same type, you have to compare both the magnitude and the direction.
When comparing, make sure that the months are the same, as there are seasonal factors.
When complete, the port of El Hamdania will be Algeria's largest.
When conditions are right, meteotsunamis may occur in many bodies of water around the world, including the Great Lakes.
When confronted with his cravat, he turned very pale, and was utterly unable to account for its presence in the hand of the murdered man.
When congress once again voted for a speed limit of 100, I at least gathered the courage to disappear into the restroom.
When conservatives talk about "critical race theory," they usually shove everything that makes them think about race under that label.
When considering the party, what kind of clothes are you going to wear?
When converting 1 mole of ice into water, and 1 mole of water into steam, which requires more energy?
When coughing or sneezing, cover your mouth with your sleeve or a handkerchief.
When could Algeria reach high-income status?
When could I do that?
When could I get the book that you borrowed?
When could I see you?
When could Tom and Mary do that?
When could Tom do that?
When could we do that?
When could we meet?
When could you do that?
When could you start working?
When couples hold hands, their brainwaves synchronize.
When cowardice is conducive to self-preservation, it is called intelligence.
When criminal cases come to trial, it is common for twelve jurors to serve on the jury.
When crossing the street, you must look both ways to make sure there are no cars.
When customers arrive, they receive their magician's cloak and a magic wand.
When cutting vegetables, form a "claw" with the hand holding the vegetables in place.
When darkness falls and the insects are well-fed and tired, the farmers strike back.
When darkness falls, the baboons return to the trees to sleep, safe from night prowlers.
When dead stars collide, they sometimes create a gamma ray burst, one of the most energetic explosions in the universe.
When dealing cards do you deal to the left or right?
When dealing with people, remember you are not dealing with creatures of logic, but with creatures bristling with prejudice and motivated by pride and vanity.
When death approaches, all you can do is slowly chew your fingernails.
When death arrives, the rich don't keep their money and the poor don't keep their debts.
When death has chosen you as its next target, there's no need to be worried, it simply means that you'll go peacefully from this world.
When death has taken over you, your life can't be taken back.
When death has taken you as its next target, don't get panicked, it is a natural part of life.
When death has taken you as its next target, there's no chasing it and you can't make it go away from you.
When death has taken you as its next target, there's no way to escape it.
When death has taken you as its next target, you can't chase it away from you.
When death has targeted you and has decided that your last hour was coming, it comes with no notice and once you're brain-dead, it doesn't offer you a second chance of being brought back to life.
When death has targeted you as its next target, you can't run away from it.
When death has targeted you, you can't escape from it.
When death has to strike, and when you're targeted as its next target, there's nothing you can do to chase it away.
When death has to strike, it comes with no notice.
When death has to strike, it leaves nobody behind and it is final, and we just have to go along with it.
When death has to strike, there's no escaping it.
When death has to strike, there's no getting away from it.
When death has to take your life away, it doesn't take your opinion into account, it just happens.
When death is about to strike you, no amount of complaining will do to make it go away.
When death is calling upon you to strike, you can't escape it.
When death is coming for you, you can't run away from it.
When death is nearly at our doorsteps, we must go through one last step in our lives: the day of reckoning.
When death is soon striking, we all go through last judgment's day.
When death is standing upon you, no amount of complaining will stop it from taking your life away.
When death is targeting you, you can't get away from it.
When death is targeting you, you can't make it go away from you, and there's no use in chasing it away from you because it will strike you anyways.
When deciding whether to take pride in being gay against a society telling me not to, I don't first consult a Scientologist, nor a Catholic.
When decorating our new house my girlfriend kept giving me hypernyms instead of specifics like actual colors or tile types.
When defrosting items, place a plate or container underneath to catch any drips in the fridge.
When destiny calls, the chosen have no choice.
When developing an ecumenical service, take care not to offend members of any denomination.
When did Abdelmadjid Tebboune take office?
When did Algeria get its independence?
When did Algeria have its first case of coronavirus?
When did Algeria join the African Union?
When did Algeria start exporting oil?
When did Algeria's economic problems start?
When did Algeria's modern history begin?
When did Algiers become the capital of Algeria?
When did America become independent of England?
When did Buddhism enter Japan?
When did Chopin first appear in public?
When did Chuck's Diner open?
When did Dad die?
When did Dad get home?
When did Dad pass away?
When did Democracy come into existence?
When did Earth and Mars form?
When did Enrico meet his maker?
When did Fadil convert to Islam?
When did Geronimo die?
When did Goethe die?
When did Grieg die? How old was he?
When did Handel die and where was he buried?
When did I die?
When did I do that?
When did I ever hurt you?
When did I ever lie to you?
When did I give you that?
When did I lie?
When did I realize I was God? Well, I was praying and I suddenly realized I was talking to myself.
When did I say that?
When did I tell you that?
When did I try to give you money?
When did I write this article?
When did Islam reach Algeria?
When did Islamic banking arrive in Algeria?
When did Jehovah’s Witnesses have their modern-day start?
When did Juan kill the white-tailed deer?
When did Mary break her leg?
When did Mary buy her car?
When did Mary buy that skirt?
When did Mary buy this skirt?
When did Mary say she was coming?
When did Mary say she'd come?
When did Mary tell you she was leaving?
When did Matoub play his first concert?
When did Michael ever say anything to you?
When did Mozart die? Do you know?
When did Mr Suzuki leave Japan?
When did Mr. Suzuki leave Japan?
When did Operation Protective Edge take place?
When did Ouyahia become the prime minister of Algeria?
When did Richard get married?
When did Rome fall?
When did Susana get back?
When did TV appear?
When did Tom actually do that?
When did Tom agree to do that?
When did Tom agree to help?
When did Tom and Mary become a couple?
When did Tom and Mary break their legs?
When did Tom and Mary buy their car?
When did Tom and Mary do that?
When did Tom and Mary get married?
When did Tom and Mary have time to do that?
When did Tom and Mary say they were coming?
When did Tom and Mary say they'd come?
When did Tom and Mary start going out with each other?
When did Tom and Mary tell you they were leaving?
When did Tom arrive in Australia?
When did Tom arrive?
When did Tom ask you to do that?
When did Tom ask you to kiss Mary?
When did Tom break his leg?
When did Tom break out of prison?
When did Tom break the window?
When did Tom buy all this stuff?
When did Tom buy his car?
When did Tom buy his hat?
When did Tom buy his home?
When did Tom buy his house?
When did Tom buy his truck?
When did Tom buy his umbrella?
When did Tom buy that car?
When did Tom buy that coat?
When did Tom buy that from Mary?
When did Tom buy that shirt?
When did Tom buy that sweater?
When did Tom buy that?
When did Tom buy these eggs?
When did Tom buy this brolly?
When did Tom buy this tennis racket?
When did Tom buy this umbrella?
When did Tom buy those shoes?
When did Tom call?
When did Tom change his mind?
When did Tom come back from Australia?
When did Tom come back from Boston?
When did Tom come back to Australia?
When did Tom come back?
When did Tom come here?
When did Tom come see you?
When did Tom come to Australia?
When did Tom come to Boston?
When did Tom come to the village?
When did Tom come to town?
When did Tom come?
When did Tom contact you?
When did Tom decide to do that?
When did Tom die?
When did Tom discover this?
When did Tom do it?
When did Tom do that, and why?
When did Tom do that?
When did Tom do this?
When did Tom escape?
When did Tom fall?
When did Tom finally leave?
When did Tom find out that Mary was seeing John?
When did Tom find out?
When did Tom get arrested?
When did Tom get back from Australia?
When did Tom get back from Boston?
When did Tom get back to Australia?
When did Tom get back to Boston?
When did Tom get back?
When did Tom get divorced?
When did Tom get here?
When did Tom get his diploma?
When did Tom get home last night?
When did Tom get home?
When did Tom get married?
When did Tom get out of prison?
When did Tom get that coat?
When did Tom get that hat?
When did Tom get that sweater?
When did Tom get that?
When did Tom get these?
When did Tom get this coat?
When did Tom get this dog?
When did Tom get this hat?
When did Tom get those jeans?
When did Tom get those shoes?
When did Tom get to Boston?
When did Tom give that suitcase to you?
When did Tom give up?
When did Tom give you that suitcase?
When did Tom give you that?
When did Tom go home?
When did Tom go shopping?
When did Tom go to Australia?
When did Tom go to Boston?
When did Tom go to the market?
When did Tom go?
When did Tom graduate from college?
When did Tom graduate from high school?
When did Tom graduate?
When did Tom hand in his resignation?
When did Tom hang up the laundry?
When did Tom have his house built?
When did Tom have time to do that?
When did Tom hug Mary?
When did Tom join the team?
When did Tom join your team?
When did Tom kiss Mary?
When did Tom last see you?
When did Tom last visit you?
When did Tom last visited you?
When did Tom learn sign language?
When did Tom learn to dance?
When did Tom learn to do that?
When did Tom learn to make pizza?
When did Tom leave Australia?
When did Tom leave Boston for Chicago?
When did Tom leave Boston?
When did Tom leave for Australia?
When did Tom leave for Boston?
When did Tom leave here?
When did Tom leave you?
When did Tom leave?
When did Tom live in Australia?
When did Tom live in Boston?
When did Tom lose his car key?
When did Tom lose his gloves?
When did Tom lose his notebook?
When did Tom meet Mary?
When did Tom move into his new house?
When did Tom move to Australia?
When did Tom move to Boston?
When did Tom pass away?
When did Tom pop the question?
When did Tom return from Australia?
When did Tom return from Boston?
When did Tom return?
When did Tom say Mary was coming?
When did Tom say Mary would come?
When did Tom say he finished reading that book?
When did Tom say he heard that story?
When did Tom say he that finished reading that book?
When did Tom say he was coming?
When did Tom say he would come?
When did Tom say he'd be back?
When did Tom say it to you?
When did Tom say that happened?
When did Tom say that he heard that story?
When did Tom say that?
When did Tom say this?
When did Tom see Mary?
When did Tom see it?
When did Tom see that happen?
When did Tom see that happening?
When did Tom see you?
When did Tom sell his farm?
When did Tom send in his passport application?
When did Tom show you to how to do that?
When did Tom sing?
When did Tom sleep?
When did Tom start crawling?
When did Tom start dating Mary?
When did Tom start doing that?
When did Tom start living alone?
When did Tom start smoking?
When did Tom start studying French?
When did Tom start stuttering?
When did Tom start teaching Mary French?
When did Tom start to cooperate with you?
When did Tom start to take the pills?
When did Tom start working here?
When did Tom stop playing the violin?
When did Tom swim?
When did Tom take these pictures?
When did Tom take this picture?
When did Tom talk to you?
When did Tom teach you to do that?
When did Tom teach you to drive?
When did Tom teach you to play that song?
When did Tom tell Mary to fix the broken chair?
When did Tom tell you he was leaving?
When did Tom tell you that he and Mary were going to get married?
When did Tom tell you that it was necessary for you to do that?
When did Tom tell you that you had to do that?
When did Tom tell you that you needed to be there?
When did Tom tell you that you needed to do that?
When did Tom tell you that?
When did Tom tell you to do that?
When did Tom tell you to how to do that?
When did Tom tell you to kiss Mary?
When did Tom tell you you had to do that?
When did Tom tell you?
When did Tom try doing that?
When did Tom wake up?
When did Tom wash the car?
When did Trump truly entered politics?
When did Victoria become Queen?
When did World War II break out?
When did Yanni convert to Islam?
When did Yanni do that?
When did Yanni paint this?
When did Yanni's family find out that he converted to Islam?
When did Ziri and Rima's relationship start?
When did Ziri first hear that sound?
When did Ziri say that movie is playing?
When did Ziri see Rima?
When did Ziri start using a cellphone?
When did Ziri start?
When did Ziri's sleeping problems begin?
When did all this happen?
When did all this start?
When did civilization begin in Algeria?
When did democracy arise?
When did democracy come into existence?
When did everything get so complicated?
When did giraffes disappear in Algeria?
When did giraffes go extinct in Algeria?
When did hats go out of fashion?
When did he arrive here?
When did he arrive?
When did he become an adult?
When did he break the window?
When did he buy a hotel?
When did he come back from Osaka?
When did he come back?
When did he come here?
When did he come of age?
When did he come over to see you?
When did he die?
When did he fall ill?
When did he get back?
When did he get here?
When did he get married?
When did he get to Kyoto?
When did he go to Europe?
When did he go?
When did he leave for Mongolia?
When did he leave here?
When did he purchase a hotel?
When did he return from Osaka?
When did he return to the US?
When did he say he would come?
When did he say that?
When did he start to work here?
When did hominins develop language?
When did humans master fire?
When did it begin to rain?
When did it end?
When did it first start to happen?
When did it get so complicated?
When did it happen to you?
When did it happen?
When did it occur?
When did it start raining?
When did it start snowing?
When did it start?
When did it stop raining?
When did it stop snowing?
When did it take place?
When did life come into being?
When did life get so complicated?
When did life originate on Earth?
When did life pop up on our planet?
When did man start to use tools?
When did man start using tools?
When did my sister sing that song?
When did people first become aware of Tom's talent for acting?
When did people start to use tools?
When did people start using tools?
When did she arrive?
When did she break the window?
When did she call?
When did she come back?
When did she die?
When did she drop by?
When did she get married?
When did she give you her picture?
When did she go shopping?
When did she go to Mongolia?
When did she leave for the shops?
When did she leave here?
When did she leave the classroom?
When did she leave to go shopping?
When did she leave? Was it at four or five PM?
When did she lend it to us?
When did she meet him?
When did she promise to meet him?
When did she say those words?
When did she see the doctor?
When did she send us a letter?
When did she send you her pictures?
When did she take her car?
When did someone put up all those Christmas lights around town?
When did starship captains develop the habit of â€¦ talking like â€¦ this?
When did starship captains develop the habit of … talking like … this?
When did that band last release anything?
When did that end?
When did that fat cat eat the little yellow bird?
When did that first start to happen?
When did that happen to Tom?
When did that happen to you?
When did that happen?
When did that last happen?
When did that start happening?
When did that start?
When did the Japanese start eating polished rice?
When did the Second World War start?
When did the Soviet Union break up?
When did the Thirty Years' War take place?
When did the Thirty Years’ War take place?
When did the accident happen to her?
When did the accident happen?
When did the accident occur?
When did the accident take place?
When did the barbarians first invade Rome?
When did the children eat dinner?
When did the concert start yesterday?
When did the concert start?
When did the devolution of the Scottish parliament take place?
When did the error occur?
When did the first strange occurrence happen?
When did the first weird thing happen?
When did the fog lift?
When did the fuel gauge stop working?
When did the haunting start?
When did the history of Algeria begin?
When did the incident occur?
When did the launch of the first satellite take place?
When did the meeting adjourn?
When did the meeting end?
When did the meeting start?
When did the movie start?
When did the notice arrive?
When did the pain start?
When did the petrol gauge stop working?
When did the plane land at Narita?
When did the postman arrive?
When did the robbery happen?
When did the robbery take place?
When did the show finish?
When did the store fail?
When did the sun come up yesterday?
When did the sun go down yesterday?
When did the sun rise yesterday?
When did the sun set yesterday?
When did the unusual discharge begin?
When did the war end?
When did the wedding take place?
When did the word "biotechnology" come into common use?
When did the world come into being?
When did these delusions first occur?
When did they arrive?
When did they build that?
When did they build this bridge?
When did they do that?
When did they fine you?
When did they get home?
When did they get married?
When did they give you the ticket for the concert?
When did they go home?
When did they go with you?
When did they go?
When did they hide this from us?
When did they introduce potatoes to Japan?
When did they leave?
When did they let you out of prison?
When did they let you out of the hospital?
When did they pass that law?
When did they register the names of the members?
When did they sack you?
When did they take your car?
When did they tear down the Berlin Wall?
When did things click between Tom and Mary?
When did things get so complicated?
When did things take a real serious turn with Yanni?
When did this accident happen?
When did this accident take place?
When did this aircraft enter service?
When did this come about?
When did this custom start?
When did this get broken?
When did this happen?
When did this occur?
When did this package arrive?
When did this pain start?
When did this problem begin?
When did this start happening?
When did this start to happen?
When did this start?
When did we decide this?
When did we do that?
When did we last see each other?
When did we meet?
When did you and Tom buy that?
When did you and Tom do that?
When did you and Tom first kiss?
When did you and Tom first meet?
When did you and Tom get married?
When did you and Tom start working together?
When did you apply?
When did you arrange to meet Andrea?
When did you arrive at the scene of the accident?
When did you arrive here?
When did you arrive in Australia?
When did you arrive in Boston?
When did you arrive in Budapest?
When did you arrive in China?
When did you arrive in Japan?
When did you arrive in our city?
When did you arrive there?
When did you arrive?
When did you arrive? Did you arrive today?
When did you arrive? Today?
When did you ask Tom?
When did you ask for permission to do that?
When did you ask her to be your girlfriend?
When did you ask her?
When did you ask him?
When did you ask them?
When did you become a Boy Scout?
When did you become a Catholic?
When did you become a teacher?
When did you become friends?
When did you become ill?
When did you become such a conservationist, Hadassah?
When did you become such a good conservationist?
When did you begin doing that?
When did you begin learning English?
When did you begin learning French?
When did you begin learning German?
When did you begin playing golf?
When did you begin studying English?
When did you begin studying French?
When did you begin studying here?
When did you begin teaching here?
When did you begin to learn English?
When did you begin to learn French?
When did you begin to study Japanese?
When did you begin to suspect that the suicide was staged?
When did you begin working here?
When did you begin?
When did you break your leg?
When did you build this barn?
When did you build this house?
When did you build this hut?
When did you build this shed?
When did you build your house?
When did you buy a phonograph?
When did you buy a record player?
When did you buy it?
When did you buy that from Tom?
When did you buy that from her?
When did you buy that from him?
When did you buy that from me?
When did you buy that from them?
When did you buy that from us?
When did you buy that hat?
When did you buy that phone?
When did you buy that sofa?
When did you buy that umbrella?
When did you buy that watch?
When did you buy that?
When did you buy the car?
When did you buy the concert tickets?
When did you buy the watch?
When did you buy them?
When did you buy these eggs?
When did you buy this bicycle?
When did you buy this bike?
When did you buy this bread?
When did you buy this building?
When did you buy this canoe?
When did you buy this car?
When did you buy this cello?
When did you buy this computer?
When did you buy this hat?
When did you buy this house?
When did you buy this mayonnaise?
When did you buy this milk?
When did you buy this screwdriver?
When did you buy this umbrella?
When did you buy this video?
When did you buy this washing machine?
When did you buy this?
When did you buy those earrings?
When did you buy those glasses?
When did you buy those shoes?
When did you buy those?
When did you buy your car?
When did you buy your concert ticket?
When did you buy your house?
When did you buy your vacuum cleaner?
When did you buy yourself a motorcycle?
When did you call Tom?
When did you catch these fish?
When did you change your address?
When did you change your profile picture?
When did you come back from Australia?
When did you come back from Boston?
When did you come back from Germany?
When did you come back from London?
When did you come back from Tokyo?
When did you come back?
When did you come by this bicycle?
When did you come here?
When did you come in?
When did you come over to France?
When did you come to Algeria?
When did you come to Australia?
When did you come to Boston?
When did you come to Cambodia?
When did you come to China?
When did you come to Japan?
When did you come to Paris?
When did you come to know her?
When did you come to school?
When did you come to this realization?
When did you come up with such an idea?
When did you come up with that idea?
When did you come up with this plan?
When did you come?
When did you convert to Islam?
When did you decide not to allow Tom to do that?
When did you decide not to do that?
When did you decide not to go into the office?
When did you decide not to go there?
When did you decide not to let Tom do that?
When did you decide not to permit Tom to do that?
When did you decide that doing that would be a bad idea?
When did you decide that?
When did you decide this?
When did you decide to allow Tom to do that?
When did you decide to come home?
When did you decide to do that?
When did you decide to do this?
When did you decide to get back with Tom?
When did you decide to get into porn?
When did you decide to let Tom do that?
When did you decide to not to allow Tom to do that?
When did you decide to not to let Tom do that?
When did you decide to permit Tom to do that?
When did you decide to start this project?
When did you decide to try out for the Olympics?
When did you discover it about Tom?
When did you do that with Tom?
When did you do that?
When did you do this?
When did you eat dinner?
When did you eat?
When did you enter the army?
When did you ever go out with Tom?
When did you fall ill?
When did you fall in love with me?
When did you figure it out?
When did you find out Tom and Mary weren't going to do that?
When did you find out Tom couldn't drive?
When did you find out Tom had been arrested?
When did you find out Tom had been hurt?
When did you find out Tom had been in prison?
When did you find out Tom had been injured?
When did you find out Tom had moved to Australia?
When did you find out Tom had moved to Boston?
When did you find out Tom wasn't going to do that?
When did you find out about Tom and Mary?
When did you find out about it?
When did you find out about that?
When did you find out about what happened?
When did you find out that Tom and Mary didn't have driver's licenses?
When did you find out that Tom and Mary were the ones who broke into your house?
When did you find out that Tom and Mary were the ones who did that?
When did you find out that Tom and Mary were the ones who stole your bicycle?
When did you find out that Tom and Mary weren't old enough to drink?
When did you find out that Tom and Mary weren't old enough to drive?
When did you find out that Tom and Mary weren't the ones who did that?
When did you find out that Tom couldn't do that?
When did you find out that Tom couldn't drive?
When did you find out that Tom couldn't legally do that?
When did you find out that Tom couldn't legally drive?
When did you find out that Tom couldn't speak French?
When did you find out that Tom didn't enjoy doing that?
When did you find out that Tom didn't enjoy ice skating?
When did you find out that Tom didn't have a driver's license?
When did you find out that Tom didn't have a passport?
When did you find out that Tom didn't have to do that?
When did you find out that Tom didn't know how to do that?
When did you find out that Tom didn't know how to speak French?
When did you find out that Tom didn't need to do that?
When did you find out that Tom didn't want to do that?
When did you find out that Tom didn't want to go camping with us?
When did you find out that Tom wanted to do that?
When did you find out that Tom wanted to go to Australia with you?
When did you find out that Tom wanted to go to Boston with you?
When did you find out that Tom was still married?
When did you find out that Tom was the one who broke into your house?
When did you find out that Tom was the one who did that?
When did you find out that Tom was the one who stole your bicycle?
When did you find out that Tom wasn't old enough to drink?
When did you find out that Tom wasn't old enough to drive?
When did you find out that Tom wasn't the one Mary wanted to go to the dance with?
When did you find out that Tom wasn't the one who Mary wanted to go to the dance with?
When did you find out that Tom wasn't the one who did that?
When did you find out that your sister had died?
When did you find out the truth?
When did you find out?
When did you find this?
When did you finish doing that?
When did you finish it?
When did you finish school?
When did you finish secondary school?
When did you finish the work?
When did you finish writing the letter?
When did you finish writing the report?
When did you finish your studies?
When did you finish?
When did you fire Tom?
When did you fire her?
When did you fire him?
When did you fire them?
When did you first become interested in sports?
When did you first come over to Japan?
When did you first come to Australia?
When did you first come to Japan?
When did you first hear Tom had been arrested?
When did you first hear that Tom had been arrested?
When did you first learn about Islam?
When did you first meet Tom?
When did you first meet each other?
When did you first meet her?
When did you first meet him?
When did you first meet them?
When did you first meet with Tom?
When did you first notice Tom had left?
When did you first notice Tom was missing?
When did you first notice that Tom and Mary were missing?
When did you first notice that Tom had left?
When did you first notice that Tom was missing?
When did you first notice that you were losing your hair?
When did you first notice that your wallet was missing?
When did you first notice you were being followed?
When did you first notice your wallet was missing?
When did you first suspect it was Tom who stole your money?
When did you first suspect that it was Tom who stole your money?
When did you first use a computer?
When did you get a dog?
When did you get a haircut?
When did you get a motorbike?
When did you get a motorcycle?
When did you get angry?
When did you get back from Australia?
When did you get back from Boston?
When did you get back from London?
When did you get back from your trip?
When did you get back here?
When did you get back home?
When did you get back to Australia?
When did you get back?
When did you get here?
When did you get home?
When did you get ill?
When did you get kicked out?
When did you get married?
When did you get my letter?
When did you get out of jail?
When did you get out of the hospital?
When did you get so smart?
When did you get that?
When did you get the concert ticket?
When did you get the letter?
When did you get them back?
When did you get there?
When did you get these?
When did you get this bicycle?
When did you get this idea?
When did you get this letter?
When did you get this new furniture?
When did you get this note?
When did you get this?
When did you get those?
When did you get through with your engineering problem?
When did you get to Boston?
When did you get to Kyoto?
When did you get to London?
When did you get to know Tom?
When did you get to know each other?
When did you get to know her?
When did you get to know him?
When did you get to know me?
When did you get to know the fact?
When did you get to know them?
When did you get to school?
When did you get up that morning?
When did you get up this morning?
When did you get up?
When did you get your bag back?
When did you get your first tattoo?
When did you give up smoking?
When did you give up?
When did you go bowling with Tom?
When did you go home?
When did you go swimming with Tom?
When did you go there?
When did you go to Algeria?
When did you go to Australia with Tom?
When did you go to Australia?
When did you go to Boston with Tom?
When did you go to Boston?
When did you go to Kyoto with your sister?
When did you go to London?
When did you go to Rome?
When did you go to bed last night?
When did you go to bed this morning?
When did you go to bed yesterday?
When did you go to church?
When did you go to see the doctor?
When did you go to sleep?
When did you go to the doctor's?
When did you go to work?
When did you go?
When did you graduate at Oxford?
When did you graduate from Harvard?
When did you graduate from Oxford?
When did you graduate from college?
When did you graduate from high school?
When did you graduate?
When did you guys decide that?
When did you guys decide this?
When did you guys get here?
When did you guys get kicked out?
When did you have a double mastectomy?
When did you have this passport picture taken?
When did you have time to do all this?
When did you have time to do that?
When did you have your epiphany?
When did you have your first orgasm?
When did you have your last physical examination?
When did you have your wall painted?
When did you hear about it?
When did you hear the news?
When did you hear the sound?
When did you hit puberty?
When did you hug Tom?
When did you immigrate to Australia?
When did you immigrate to Germany?
When did you immigrate to our country?
When did you interrupt your summer vacation?
When did you join the army?
When did you join the force?
When did you join the team?
When did you join this club?
When did you kiss Tom?
When did you know that your house was haunted?
When did you know you were a giraffe?
When did you know?
When did you last clean your flat?
When did you last cut your hair?
When did you last date a man?
When did you last do something for the first time?
When did you last eat or drink?
When did you last forgive someone?
When did you last get a haircut?
When did you last go to the cinema?
When did you last have a full meal? Breakfast, lunch, or dinner?
When did you last have a shower?
When did you last have a urine test?
When did you last have sexual intercourse?
When did you last have something to eat or drink?
When did you last have your bowels open?
When did you last hear from Tom?
When did you last help a stranger?
When did you last help someone?
When did you last learn something surprising?
When did you last look someone in the eyes?
When did you last open the bag?
When did you last open this bag?
When did you last see Tom alive?
When did you last see Tom?
When did you last see her?
When did you last see him?
When did you last see my brother?
When did you last see my father?
When did you last see them?
When did you last see your mother?
When did you last see your mum?
When did you last sharpen this knife?
When did you last shower?
When did you last sleep?
When did you last take a bath, Tom?
When did you last take a risk?
When did you last talk to Tom?
When did you last talk to her?
When did you last talk to him?
When did you last talk to them?
When did you last tell me that you love me?
When did you last trust your gut?
When did you last visit Boston?
When did you last wear a jumper?
When did you last wear a tie?
When did you last wipe someone's tears away?
When did you learn Esperanto?
When did you learn about what happened?
When did you learn how to cook?
When did you learn how to do a backflip?
When did you learn how to do that?
When did you learn how to drive?
When did you learn how to swim?
When did you learn of Mary's divorce?
When did you learn of Mary’s divorce?
When did you learn that Tom had been arrested?
When did you learn to cook?
When did you learn to do that?
When did you learn to drive?
When did you learn to fly a plane?
When did you learn to make pizza?
When did you learn to read?
When did you learn to swim?
When did you leave Chuck's Diner?
When did you leave the house?
When did you leave your house?
When did you leave?
When did you login on Facebook?
When did you lose your car key?
When did you lose your gloves?
When did you lose your job?
When did you lose your keys?
When did you lose your notebook?
When did you make this decision?
When did you make this?
When did you manage to find the time to do that?
When did you marry your wife?
When did you marry?
When did you meet Tom's family?
When did you meet Tom's father?
When did you meet Tom?
When did you meet her for the first time?
When did you meet her?
When did you meet him?
When did you meet them?
When did you meet your wife?
When did you meet?
When did you miss the purse?
When did you miss your purse?
When did you miss your watch?
When did you move out?
When did you move to Algeria?
When did you move to Australia?
When did you move to Berlin?
When did you move to Boston?
When did you notice Tom and Mary weren't here?
When did you notice Tom was gone?
When did you notice Tom wasn't here?
When did you notice me?
When did you notice that I was missing?
When did you notice that Tom was gone?
When did you notice that your purse was missing?
When did you notice that your umbrella was gone?
When did you notice that your wallet was missing?
When did you notice that?
When did you notice your purse was missing?
When did you notice your wallet was missing?
When did you notice?
When did you open your new shop?
When did you open your new store?
When did you paint this picture?
When did you paint this?
When did you paint your bicycle?
When did you pass by his house?
When did you pass the exam?
When did you phone?
When did you pick up the Berber language?
When did you plant these trees?
When did you plant this tree?
When did you quit smoking?
When did you read the report?
When did you read them?
When did you read this book?
When did you realize Tom didn't like it here?
When did you realize something was wrong?
When did you realize that Tom didn't like it here?
When did you realize that something was wrong?
When did you realize that you were wrong?
When did you realize that?
When did you realize you were a giraffe?
When did you realize you were gay?
When did you realize you were wrong?
When did you realize you've grown up?
When did you realize your dog was dead?
When did you receive the telegram?
When did you repaint your porch?
When did you retire?
When did you return from Australia?
When did you return from Boston?
When did you return from London?
When did you return to Algeria?
When did you return?
When did you ring?
When did you say Tom and Mary were getting here?
When did you say Tom was getting here?
When did you say that happened?
When did you say that?
When did you say you did that?
When did you say you would be going to the library?
When did you say you'd be going to the library?
When did you see Tatoeba for the first time?
When did you see Tom do that?
When did you see Tom last?
When did you see Tom?
When did you see her dancing with him?
When did you see her for the last time?
When did you see her last?
When did you see her?
When did you see him dancing for her?
When did you see him last?
When did you see him the last time?
When did you see him?
When did you see it?
When did you see my scar?
When did you see that happen?
When did you see that happening?
When did you see that movie?
When did you see the doctor?
When did you see the film?
When did you see them first?
When did you see them?
When did you seed the lawn?
When did you send in your visa application?
When did you shower last?
When did you sign up for the course?
When did you sing?
When did you speak to Tom?
When did you start dating Tom?
When did you start dating?
When did you start doing that?
When did you start doing this?
When did you start drinking?
When did you start dyeing your hair?
When did you start feeling the movements of the fetus?
When did you start going out with your current girlfriend?
When did you start going out with your girlfriend?
When did you start having trouble with Tom?
When did you start having vertigo?
When did you start jogging in the mornings?
When did you start learning English?
When did you start learning French?
When did you start learning German?
When did you start liking baseball?
When did you start living here?
When did you start living in this house?
When did you start living there?
When did you start loving me?
When did you start making money playing music?
When did you start playing baseball?
When did you start playing chess?
When did you start playing golf?
When did you start playing soccer?
When did you start playing the guitar?
When did you start playing the piano?
When did you start reading this book?
When did you start smoking?
When did you start studying English?
When did you start studying French?
When did you start studying Kadazan?
When did you start studying Latin?
When did you start studying here?
When did you start studying languages?
When did you start talking like Tom?
When did you start teaching French?
When did you start teaching here?
When did you start teaching?
When did you start that business?
When did you start to detransition?
When did you start to dislike your job?
When did you start to study French?
When did you start to study Russian?
When did you start trying to lose weight?
When did you start using computers?
When did you start using contact lenses?
When did you start using that cellphone?
When did you start wearing contact lenses?
When did you start wearing contacts?
When did you start wearing glasses?
When did you start working for Tom?
When did you start working here?
When did you start working in Australia?
When did you start working?
When did you start writing songs?
When did you start your fast?
When did you start?
When did you steal this?
When did you stop giving a fuck?
When did you stop loving me?
When did you stop smoking?
When did you study French with Tom?
When did you study yesterday?
When did you take the exam?
When did you take the shahada?
When did you take these pictures?
When did you take this picture?
When did you take your shahada?
When did you talk to Tom about that?
When did you talk to Tom about this?
When did you talk to Tom?
When did you talk to her?
When did you talk to him?
When did you talk to them?
When did you tell Tom about that?
When did you tell Tom that?
When did you tell Tom what happened?
When did you tell Tom?
When did you tell her?
When did you tell him how you feel about him?
When did you tell him?
When did you tell me that?
When did you tell me?
When did you tell them?
When did you translate this letter?
When did you travel to India?
When did you travel to Rome?
When did you try doing that?
When did you try hugging Tom?
When did you two decide to get married?
When did you two fall in love?
When did you two first meet?
When did you two get married?
When did you two meet?
When did you two start dating?
When did you visit Australia?
When did you visit Boston last?
When did you visit Boston?
When did you visit Kyoto last?
When did you visit New York?
When did you visit your friends?
When did you wake up today?
When did you wake up?
When did you want to go?
When did you win this award?
When did you work in Australia?
When did you work in Boston?
When did you write that last part?
When did you write this book?
When did you write this?
When did your baby start talking?
When did your dad and mom meet?
When did your dad come home?
When did your daughter become an adult?
When did your daughter come of age?
When did your family arrive in Boston?
When did your father come home?
When did your friend leave for America?
When did your last period start?
When did your mom find out about your belly button piercing?
When did your sister leave Tokyo for London?
When did your uncle come from America?
When did your younger sister start learning English?
When dinner was over, we adjourned to the sitting room.
When do Earth and Mars align?
When do I do it?
When do I get my car back?
When do I get my reward?
When do I get my turn?
When do I get paid?
When do I get started?
When do I get there?
When do I get to go home?
When do I get to go with you?
When do I get to meet Tom?
When do I get to meet her?
When do I get to meet him?
When do I get to meet them?
When do I get to meet you?
When do I get to talk to Tom?
When do I get to talk to her?
When do I get to talk to him?
When do I get to talk to them?
When do I get to talk to you?
When do I get what I want?
When do I have to come back?
When do I have to give back the car?
When do I have to leave?
When do I have to pay?
When do I have to return the car?
When do I have to take out the trash?
When do I have to turn in the report?
When do I need a fit note?
When do I need to come back?
When do I need to hand in the report?
When do I need to pay?
When do I need to return the book?
When do I replant my heather?
When do I write poetry?
When do Muslims pray?
When do Tom and Mary do that?
When do Tom and Mary eat breakfast?
When do Tom and Mary expect us to arrive?
When do Tom and Mary expect us to be there?
When do Tom and Mary expect us to do that?
When do Tom and Mary expect us to get there?
When do Tom and Mary expect us to help them?
When do Tom and Mary get back?
When do Tom and Mary have to do that?
When do Tom and Mary have to go to Boston?
When do Tom and Mary have to go?
When do Tom and Mary need it?
When do Tom and Mary need to do that?
When do Tom and Mary plan on doing that?
When do Tom and Mary plan on going?
When do Tom and Mary plan to do that?
When do Tom and Mary plan to eat?
When do Tom and Mary plan to go?
When do Tom and Mary think we should leave?
When do Tom and Mary usually arrive?
When do Tom and Mary usually eat lunch?
When do Tom and Mary usually get up?
When do Tom and Mary usually go to the gym?
When do Tom and Mary want me to be there?
When do Tom and Mary want me to do that?
When do Tom and Mary want me to help them do that?
When do Tom and Mary want to do that?
When do Tom and Mary want to eat?
When do Tom and Mary want to leave?
When do cats make that purring noise in their throats?
When do classes start?
When do examinations start?
When do giraffe calves wean?
When do guys stop being immature?
When do heather plants finish flowering?
When do lessons start at your school?
When do marigolds bloom?
When do owls sleep?
When do people start to get their wisdom teeth?
When do salmon spawn?
When do the Christmas holidays begin?
When do the French classes start?
When do the Greek classes begin?
When do the Greek lessons start?
When do the elections take place?
When do the examinations start?
When do the fireworks start?
When do the guided tours of the president's house take place, and how much do they cost?
When do the national elections take place?
When do the pubs close here?
When do the pubs shut here?
When do the shops close?
When do the shops open?
When do the shops shut?
When do the stores open?
When do they arrive in Narita airport?
When do they need me?
When do they open the dining room?
When do they pick up the trash?
When do they play soccer?
When do violets bloom?
When do we arrive?
When do we begin?
When do we cut the cake?
When do we eat?
When do we get paid?
When do we get started?
When do we get to do something for ourselves?
When do we get to see your pics?
When do we get to the airport?
When do we go?
When do we hand in the report?
When do we have lunch?
When do we have to be out of the room by?
When do we have to do that?
When do we have to go to the airport?
When do we have to hand in this report?
When do we have to have left the room by?
When do we land in Boston?
When do we leave?
When do we need to be there?
When do we need to do that?
When do we pause the video?
When do we return?
When do we set out?
When do we start?
When do we want it?
When do women hit puberty?
When do you actually get off work?
When do you all write?
When do you anticipate that'll happen?
When do you arrive in Paris?
When do you arrive?
When do you celebrate your parents' wedding anniversary?
When do you close?
When do you collect your medlars?
When do you come and see me?
When do you come to Brazil?
When do you come?
When do you do that?
When do you drink coffee?
When do you eat breakfast?
When do you eat dinner?
When do you eat lunch?
When do you eat turkey?
When do you eat?
When do you expect Tom to arrive?
When do you expect Tom to be back?
When do you expect Tom to be here?
When do you expect Tom to get here?
When do you expect Tom to return?
When do you expect him back?
When do you expect the next train?
When do you expect to arrive?
When do you expect to be finished?
When do you expect to do that?
When do you expect to finish this project?
When do you expect to go abroad?
When do you expect to have your Christmas shopping done?
When do you expect to start?
When do you expect us to do that?
When do you feed the gorillas?
When do you feel most alive?
When do you feel most challenged?
When do you feel most comfortable?
When do you feel most connected?
When do you feel most creative?
When do you feel most energetic?
When do you feel most energized?
When do you feel most grateful?
When do you feel most productive?
When do you feel most relaxed?
When do you feel most vulnerable?
When do you finish work?
When do you get home from work?
When do you get home?
When do you get off duty?
When do you get off for Christmas?
When do you get off from work?
When do you get off work?
When do you get up in the holidays?
When do you get up in the morning?
When do you get up on Sundays? When do you got to sleep?
When do you get up?
When do you get your first serious frost?
When do you give your speech?
When do you go back to Australia?
When do you go back to Germany?
When do you go back to Japan?
When do you go jogging?
When do you go on holiday?
When do you go on vacation?
When do you go shopping?
When do you go to Japan?
When do you go to bed?
When do you go to class?
When do you go to sleep?
When do you go to work?
When do you go?
When do you graduate?
When do you guys close?
When do you have breakfast?
When do you have dinner?
When do you have gymnastics?
When do you have the time to do that?
When do you have time this week?
When do you have time to play tennis with me?
When do you have to be back in Boston?
When do you have to be in Boston?
When do you have to do that?
When do you have to file your income tax returns?
When do you have to give this book back to Tom?
When do you have to go back to Australia?
When do you have to go back to Boston?
When do you have to go back to the dentist?
When do you have to go to Boston?
When do you have to go to bed?
When do you have to go to school again?
When do you have to go?
When do you have to leave?
When do you have to turn in your report?
When do you have to turn your report in?
When do you have to use an adverb?
When do you have your tea?
When do you intend to come home this evening?
When do you intend to do that?
When do you intend to eat?
When do you intend to quit smoking?
When do you intend to start?
When do you intend to visit us?
When do you know me from?
When do you leave for Boston?
When do you leave for school?
When do you leave here?
When do you leave?
When do you like being alone?
When do you like to do that?
When do you like to listen to the radio?
When do you mean to start?
When do you meet?
When do you need it by?
When do you need it?
When do you need my answer?
When do you need them?
When do you need to do that?
When do you need to pay the rent?
When do you normally get up?
When do you open?
When do you pay rent?
When do you pick medlars?
When do you plan on beginning?
When do you plan on doing that?
When do you plan on eating?
When do you plan on getting married?
When do you plan on going to Boston?
When do you plan on going?
When do you plan on leaving?
When do you plan on taking pictures?
When do you plan to be back?
When do you plan to check out?
When do you plan to come back to Australia?
When do you plan to come back?
When do you plan to come home this evening?
When do you plan to come to Australia?
When do you plan to come to Boston?
When do you plan to do that?
When do you plan to eat?
When do you plan to get back?
When do you plan to go back to Australia?
When do you plan to go to Australia?
When do you plan to go to Boston?
When do you plan to go to the beach?
When do you plan to go to your doctor's appointment?
When do you plan to go?
When do you plan to leave for Australia?
When do you plan to leave for Boston?
When do you plan to leave for Japan?
When do you plan to leave?
When do you plan to phone me?
When do you plan to reopen your restaurant?
When do you plan to retire from your job?
When do you plan to return to Australia?
When do you plan to return to Boston?
When do you plan to return?
When do you plan to ring me?
When do you plan to set out for Japan?
When do you plan to start?
When do you plan to take pictures?
When do you plan to visit Australia?
When do you plan to visit Boston?
When do you plan to visit Tom?
When do you play tennis?
When do you practice the piano?
When do you pray?
When do you put up your Christmas tree?
When do you return home?
When do you run?
When do you see that happening?
When do you serve breakfast?
When do you shop?
When do you start for Sado?
When do you start on your trip?
When do you start serving breakfast?
When do you start to work again?
When do you start work?
When do you start your job?
When do you stop thinking?
When do you stop work?
When do you stop?
When do you study French?
When do you study?
When do you take down your Christmas tree?
When do you think I can talk to Tom?
When do you think Mary is going to want us to help her?
When do you think Mary will want us to help her?
When do you think Tom and Mary are going to arrive?
When do you think Tom and Mary are going to do that?
When do you think Tom and Mary are going to get here?
When do you think Tom and Mary are going to want to do that?
When do you think Tom and Mary are going to want to leave?
When do you think Tom and Mary are going to want us to do that?
When do you think Tom and Mary are going to want us to help them?
When do you think Tom and Mary want to do that?
When do you think Tom and Mary will want us to help them?
When do you think Tom is going to arrive?
When do you think Tom is going to do that?
When do you think Tom is going to get here?
When do you think Tom is going to want to do that?
When do you think Tom is going to want to leave?
When do you think Tom is going to want us to do that?
When do you think Tom is going to want us to help him?
When do you think Tom wants to do that?
When do you think Tom will arrive?
When do you think Tom will come?
When do you think Tom will do that?
When do you think Tom will get here?
When do you think Tom will kiss Mary?
When do you think Tom will want to do that?
When do you think Tom will want to leave?
When do you think Tom will want us to do that?
When do you think Tom will want us to help him?
When do you think he'll be back?
When do you think he'll stop?
When do you think his funds will run out?
When do you think it'll be done?
When do you think that I can talk to Tom?
When do you think that Tom is going to do that?
When do you think that Tom is going to want to do that?
When do you think that Tom is going to want us to do that?
When do you think that Tom will arrive?
When do you think that Tom will do that?
When do you think that that'll happen?
When do you think that you can come again?
When do you think that you'll see her?
When do you think that you're going to Boston next?
When do you think that you're going to do that?
When do you think that you're going to finish doing that?
When do you think that'll happen?
When do you think the Philippines will host the Olympic Games?
When do you think the best time to do that would be?
When do you think the old building will start to be demolished?
When do you think would be the best time to do that?
When do you think you can come again?
When do you think you can do that?
When do you think you'll arrive?
When do you think you'll be likely to arrive?
When do you think you'll be there?
When do you think you'll finish this job?
When do you think you'll get there?
When do you think you'll see Tom again?
When do you think you'll see Tom?
When do you think you'll see him?
When do you think you're going to Australia next?
When do you think you're going to Boston next?
When do you think you're going to arrive?
When do you think you're going to do that?
When do you think you're going to finish doing that?
When do you think you're going to get here?
When do you think you're going to talk to Tom about that?
When do you think you're likely to arrive?
When do you use it?
When do you usually arrive at school?
When do you usually eat lunch?
When do you usually get off work?
When do you usually get up?
When do you usually go home?
When do you usually go to bed?
When do you usually go to sleep?
When do you usually have lunch?
When do you usually lie down?
When do you usually listen to music?
When do you usually wake up?
When do you wake up?
When do you want it?
When do you want me back here?
When do you want me to call you?
When do you want me to call?
When do you want me to do that?
When do you want me to send these invitations to our customers?
When do you want me to start?
When do you want me to wake you up?
When do you want them to be back?
When do you want to do that?
When do you want to do this?
When do you want to drink your coffee?
When do you want to eat?
When do you want to go to Barcelona?
When do you want to go to the library?
When do you want to go?
When do you want to have your birthday party?
When do you want to hit up the dispensary?
When do you want to leave?
When do you want to meet Tom?
When do you want to meet her?
When do you want to meet him?
When do you want to meet me?
When do you want to meet them?
When do you want to meet?
When do you want to start?
When do you want to take your holiday?
When do you want to visit us?
When do you want to visit your father in hospital?
When do you watch TV?
When do you work next?
When do you work out?
When do you work?
When do you write?
When do your classes start?
When do your friends go to the USA?
When does 2013 end?
When does Aramaic class start?
When does Hanukkah start this year?
When does Maria arrive at the airport?
When does Mary expect us to help her?
When does Mary walk her dog?
When does Mary want me to help her do that?
When does No.4 bus arrive?
When does Tom arrive?
When does Tom do that?
When does Tom eat breakfast?
When does Tom expect us to arrive?
When does Tom expect us to be there?
When does Tom expect us to do that?
When does Tom expect us to get there?
When does Tom expect us to help Mary?
When does Tom expect us to help him?
When does Tom get back from his trip?
When does Tom get back?
When does Tom get here?
When does Tom get up?
When does Tom go to school?
When does Tom go to the market?
When does Tom have to do that?
When does Tom have to go to Boston?
When does Tom have to go?
When does Tom leave?
When does Tom need it?
When does Tom need to be told?
When does Tom need to do that?
When does Tom plan on doing that?
When does Tom plan on going?
When does Tom plan to do that?
When does Tom plan to eat?
When does Tom plan to go?
When does Tom plan to sleep until, I wonder?
When does Tom return?
When does Tom sing?
When does Tom sleep?
When does Tom start his new job?
When does Tom study?
When does Tom think we should do that?
When does Tom think we should leave?
When does Tom usually arrive?
When does Tom usually eat lunch?
When does Tom usually eat?
When does Tom usually get home?
When does Tom usually get up?
When does Tom usually go to the gym?
When does Tom walk his dog?
When does Tom want me to be there?
When does Tom want me to do that?
When does Tom want me to help him do that?
When does Tom want to do that?
When does Tom want to do this?
When does Tom want to eat?
When does Tom want to go fishing?
When does Tom want to leave?
When does Tom's bus arrive?
When does Tony study?
When does Yanni leave?
When does a kitten become a cat?
When does a lamb wean itself?
When does a puppy become a dog?
When does breakfast start?
When does bus number 6 leave?
When does college start?
When does first period begin?
When does fishing season start?
When does he come?
When does he get back from his trip?
When does he get back?
When does he play tennis?
When does his plane take off?
When does his train arrive at Kyoto?
When does inspiration strike you?
When does it arrive?
When does it begin?
When does it close?
When does it end?
When does it finish?
When does it open?
When does it start getting good?
When does it start?
When does life begin?
When does our train leave?
When does school break up for Christmas?
When does school break up?
When does school let out for Christmas?
When does school let out for the holidays?
When does school start?
When does she arrive at the airport?
When does she come home again?
When does she play tennis?
When does spring begin?
When does spring commence?
When does spring start?
When does summer begin?
When does summer break start?
When does summer vacation begin?
When does that happen?
When does that start?
When does the art museum close?
When does the art museum open?
When does the bakery open?
When does the bank close?
When does the bank open?
When does the bar close?
When does the bar open?
When does the boat sail?
When does the boat set out?
When does the boat set sail?
When does the book go to press?
When does the book need to be returned?
When does the bus leave for the airport?
When does the bus leave?
When does the cafe close?
When does the café close?
When does the car park close?
When does the class finish?
When does the concert begin?
When does the concert start?
When does the conference start?
When does the dining room close?
When does the dining room open?
When does the doctor hold his surgery?
When does the doctor's surgery open?
When does the exam start?
When does the film start?
When does the flight leave?
When does the flower shop open?
When does the game begin?
When does the game start?
When does the health centre open?
When does the last bus leave?
When does the last train depart?
When does the last train leave?
When does the last train start?
When does the last train to Boston depart?
When does the last train to Paris leave?
When does the lecture start?
When does the library close?
When does the library open?
When does the magazine come out?
When does the mailman come by?
When does the market shut?
When does the match start?
When does the meeting start?
When does the movie start?
When does the museum close?
When does the museum open?
When does the next World Cup take place?
When does the next bus arrive?
When does the next bus leave?
When does the next bus to Helsinki leave?
When does the next issue of the magazine come out?
When does the next train for Boston leave?
When does the next train for Shanghai depart?
When does the next train from Paris arrive?
When does the next train leave?
When does the next train to Paris leave?
When does the number 6 bus leave?
When does the performance begin?
When does the performance end?
When does the plane have to arrive in Guadalajara?
When does the plane leave?
When does the post come?
When does the post office open?
When does the press conference take place?
When does the pub close?
When does the pub open?
When does the pub shut?
When does the rainy season end?
When does the rainy season in Japan begin?
When does the restaurant close?
When does the restaurant open?
When does the school year end?
When does the screening start?
When does the shop close?
When does the shop open?
When does the show start?
When does the shuttle arrive next?
When does the spacecraft arrive?
When does the store open?
When does the sun go down today?
When does the sun set today?
When does the supermarket open?
When does the train depart?
When does the train for Prague leave?
When does the train go?
When does the train leave for Boston?
When does the train leave?
When does the train to Boston leave?
When does the train to Paris leave?
When does the trip begin?
When does the weaning process start?
When does this course end?
When does this food expire?
When does this lesson end?
When does this need to be done by?
When does this plane reach Boston?
When does this plane reach Narita?
When does this play start?
When does this train leave?
When does winter break start?
When does your Christmas break start?
When does your business trip begin?
When does your class end?
When does your class start?
When does your course start?
When does your father leave his office?
When does your flight leave?
When does your holiday start?
When does your last class finish?
When does your lesson end?
When does your new novel come out?
When does your new store open?
When does your next class start?
When does your night shift start?
When does your passport expire?
When does your passport need to be renewed?
When does your plane depart?
When does your plane take off?
When does your school break up?
When does your sister-in-law get back?
When does your summer vacation begin?
When does your summer vacation end?
When does your summer vacation start?
When does your train arrive in Tokyo?
When does your train arrive?
When does your trip begin?
When does your vacation start?
When does your winter break begin?
When does your winter vacation begin?
When drawing kanji be careful of dots and sweeps, write as carefully and quickly as possible.
When dreaming begins, breathing becomes shallower and more irregular.
When dreams begin, breathing becomes irregular and less deep.
When drinking a laxative, it's best to stay home.
When driving a car, watch out for pedestrians.
When driving a car, you must pay attention to the blind spot.
When driving, don't cross the double yellow line.
When dropped in water, silver ions, which are atoms that have an electrical charge, are released to purify the water.
When drums speak, the law is silent.
When drying the apron, hang it up or lay it flat to prevent wrinkles.
When dubbing Japanese TV series in English, characters from Osaka are sometimes given a Texas accent. Both Southern and Kansai accents are distinctive in their respective languages.
When dusting the shelves, use a microfiber cloth to minimize particles in the air.
When duty calls, we are there.
When each of the children had been given a portion, they began to quarrel in pairs about whose was larger.
When each side has only the king and some pawns, you need to calculate moves carefully to promote a pawn before your opponent.
When eating a lollipop, do you bite it or do you keep sucking it?
When eating, I tend to zone out.
When eating, don't speak with food in your mouth.
When eating, the largest plate is always the table.
When economic growth stagnates or even declines, debts cannot be reduced.
When education ends, learning begins.
When elephants fight, the grass always ends up getting trampled.
When elephants fight, the grass always gets trampled.
When emptying the trash can, make sure the bag is properly tied before removal.
When energy is waning mid-afternoon, it’s pretty incredible how a little deep breathing and muscle movement can completely re-invent your mood.
When energy supplies are in question all that depends on them is also in question.
When enough people have been infected and survive, the virus can't find new hosts.
When entering a house in Japan, you take off your shoes.
When every sad tone reminds me of you.
When everybody's crossing on a red, it's not so scary.
When everybody’s crossing on a red, it’s not so scary.
When everyone in the boat noticed the water was rising, they panicked.
When everyone is responsible, no one is.
When everyone was asleep, Ziri went outside to take a pee.
When everything has been said and done, your day of reckoning will face you and will come for you.
When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it.
When everything's ready, let's put a sign on the door.
When evil truly dies...
When exactly did that happen?
When exactly did this happen?
When exactly did you do that?
When exactly did you get here?
When exactly did you see Tom?
When exactly did you see her?
When exactly did you see him?
When exactly did you see it?
When exactly did you see them?
When exactly do you have to do that?
When exactly do you need to do that?
When exactly do you want to do that?
When exactly is a language considered endangered? When its speakers cease to use it, use it in fewer and fewer domains, use fewer of its speaking styles, or stop passing it on to the next generation.
When exactly?
When exercising in mid-summer, I become dripping with sweat.
When extraterrestrial colonists reached Earth, there was no visible trace of human life left.
When facing this opportunity, you can't hesitate to take advantage of it.
When farming, they use multiple tools.
When fat builds up in the pipe, the drain becomes slow.
When figs are ripe, they contain less latex.
When figs are still green, they contain a lot of latex.
When first discovered by British explorers in the rivers of Eastern Australia in the late 18th century, this duck-billed, furry beast became a nightmare for taxonomists.
When first year students write compositions, shouldn't they leave spaces between words?
When fishing, Tom used only words to describe his catch.
When fixing something to the ceiling, you should screw it into a joist for strength.
When flaxseeds are wet they become very sticky on the outside.
When flying, the Andean condor—a majestic bird—does not flap its wings, but soars gracefully.
When food enters a bovine’s stomach, it undergoes a process called enteric fermentation: microbes and bacteria partially break down the food particles, which then ferment in the part of the stomach called the rumen.
When food is abundant, bears become less aggressive.
When fools talk, wise ears take the evening off.
When force of Light dominates Earth, there will no longer be suffering.
When foreclosed homes go on sale, they flood an already bloated real estate market.
When foreign citizens land in Japan, they must apply for landing permission at the air or seaports where they arrive.
When foreign products enter Algeria, they're subject to import duties.
When four year old Yanni saw his dead mother, he fell to the ground and started to cry. Skura picked him up and started to hug and kiss him.
When freedom and identity are ripped away from a nation, there is nothing to follow but darkness and despair.
When freedom of the press was fresh, newspapers were even more scurrilous and libelous than today.
When fried, these mushrooms are edible and even a treat.
When fruit is ripe, it falls from the tree.
When funds are limited, priorities need to be set.
When future generations will learn that we chopped our precious trees only to wipe our asses with them, they would not believe that we are Homo Sapiens.
When galaxies collide, their central black holes tend to spiral toward each other, releasing gravitational waves in their cosmic dance.
When gender dysphoria was still considered a mental illness, the evidence-based, best-practice treatment for it was to help sufferers transition.
When going out to the society, what is the most necessary knowledge?
When going up stairs, you get tired at the end, not at the start.
When goods are scarce, sellers have the advantage.
When grandmother was born, my mother wasn't born yet.
When greeting, you should use a big and energetic voice.
When had he heard Marilla laugh like that before?
When had you finished it?
When half of the Moon's disc is illuminated, we call it the first quarter moon. This name comes from the fact that the Moon is now one-quarter of the way through the lunar month.
When happiness comes knocking at your door.
When has Tom ever done anything for me?
When has a little white lie ever hurt anyone?
When has he ever done anything for me?
When has she ever done anything for me?
When have I asked you for help?
When have I ever cheated?
When have I ever had a secret from you?
When have I ever let you down?
When have I ever lied to you?
When have I ever wronged you?
When have I got to pay?
When have I told a lie?
When have Tom and Mary ever done anything for me?
When have they ever done anything for me?
When have we got to hand in our essays?
When have you asked him to eat dinner?
When have you demonstrated your leadership capabilities?
When have you ever done anything for me?
When have you ever seen me raise my hands to my kids?
When have you got time for tennis with me?
When have you got time this week?
When have you got time to play tennis with me?
When have you got to hand in your essay?
When have you seen it?
When have you tried it?
When he accepted Islam, he changed his name.
When he accepted the religion of Islam, he changed his name.
When he allied with them, few allied with others.
When he appeared, the party livened up.
When he arrived I made coffee.
When he arrived at the bus stop, the bus was already out of sight.
When he arrived at the inn after two days of non-stop walking, he took the dish that the innkeeper offered and devoured it hungrily.
When he arrived at the train station he called a taxi.
When he arrived home in the early evening, he was attacked.
When he arrived in Boston, Tom was nineteen.
When he arrived the weather was most beautiful.
When he arrived, I made coffee.
When he arrived, I was in the shower.
When he arrived, I was making coffee.
When he arrived, Matthew set up his tent and started a fire to cook his first camping meal.
When he arrived, he made coffee.
When he arrives in Tokyo, I'll call you right away.
When he arrives in Tokyo, I’ll call you right away.
When he arrives, we'll start.
When he asked for a single slice, they gave him an entire uncut pizza, which he proceeded to eat by rolling it up like a burrito and just shoveling it in. The question, of course, is whether a whole entity is a slice of itself.
When he asked to borrow money from the man again, the man shamed him.
When he asked who had broken the window, all the boys put on an air of innocence.
When he asks for something, he usually also gives something in return.
When he assumed power, King John had no experience in politics.
When he awoke it was day.
When he became drunk, he was quite an interesting priest, and he talked about various things.
When he became ill, he converted to Islam.
When he begins his meal, he gobbles up the plate's contents.
When he begins to do anything, he devotes himself to it.
When he beheld the whole place deserted and found Chloe's pipe on the ground, he burst into loud and bitter lamentations and ran to the beech tree, beneath which they usually sat, and then to the shore, to try if he could see her.
When he bit me, I reacted and kicked him.
When he bit me, it was so painful that I fainted.
When he blows his nose, he always trumpets like an elephant.
When he broke his leg he was screaming out in pain.
When he broke his leg, he had to use crutches for 3 months.
When he came and found me, his whole body reeked of alcohol.
When he came back, the woman had walked off.
When he came from school, his sister had already prepared food.
When he came home, I was watching TV.
When he came home, his mom was cooking.
When he came home, the children were already asleep.
When he came home, the children were sleeping.
When he came in, I was too stupefied and surprised to say anything.
When he came in, he sat down.
When he came into our lives, I was ready to call him dad.
When he came out of work, he took his afternoon snack.
When he came round, he was lying in the park.
When he came to Tokyo for the first time, this college had not been opened yet.
When he came to he found himself lying in a small, windowless cell.
When he came to, he needed a little bit of time to figure out where he was.
When he came to, he was lying alone on the hill.
When he came to, he was lying in the park.
When he came to, he was tied to a chair in the basement.
When he came, I hid in the wardrobe.
When he came, I was doing my homework.
When he came, I was writing a letter.
When he came, we were having dinner.
When he can, he'll come and see you.
When he catches one, he presses just the right part of the snail's foot to encourage it to secrete a neurotoxin directly onto a skein of cotton yarn.
When he caught sight of him, he turned pale.
When he caught sight of him, he went pale.
When he claims to desire eternal life, in reality man merely wishes to avoid a premature, violent or gruesome death.
When he comes back, tell him I'm indisposed and shall get back at him tomorrow.
When he comes in, give him this book.
When he comes to see me, he's always in a hurry.
When he comes, I'll pay him the money I promised him.
When he comes, I'll pay the money that I promised.
When he comes, I’ll pay the money that I promised.
When he comes, we'll begin.
When he converted to Islam, he became less self-centered.
When he converted to Islam, he became quite religious.
When he converted to Islam, he changed completely.
When he converted to Islam, he expected a lot of support from his parents.
When he converted to Islam, he felt a sense of relief.
When he converted to Islam, he found dignity.
When he converted to Islam, he found self-worth.
When he converted to Islam, he reinvented himself.
When he converted to Islam, he took a Muslim name.
When he converted to Islam, he took on a new identity.
When he converted to Islam, he was disowned by his parents.
When he converted to Islam, his family didn't talk to him for four years.
When he converted to Islam, his father was very angry.
When he converted to Islam, his father was very upset.
When he converted to Islam, his habits changed.
When he converted to Islam, his lifestyle and habits changed.
When he converted to Islam, his lifestyle changed.
When he converted to Islam, his mother fell out with him.
When he converted to Islam, his mother was devastated.
When he converted to Islam, his mother was very sad.
When he converted to Islam, his parents were shocked.
When he converted to Islam, his son was a baby.
When he converted to Islam, his son was a little baby.
When he converted to Islam, his wife didn't talk to him for four months.
When he converted to Islam, many people gave him gifts.
When he couldn't bear the pain any longer, he went to the hospital.
When he couldn't find his pencil sharpener, Luis tried to sharpen his pencil with his scissors. But when he wasn't able to, he went to go buy a new pencil sharpener.
When he did that is unknown.
When he didn't know what to do, he would get angry.
When he didn't receive a place at university, Tom became an autodidact.
When he died he left one boy.
When he dies, I will follow him.
When he does not like something, he says so.
When he does something, he does it well.
When he doesn't get his way, he sulks.
When he doesn't get what he wants, he pouts.
When he doesn't respond to my messages, I feel as if I don't matter to him.
When he drives at night, he's bothered by the light of oncoming traffic.
When he dropped out of school after a year, he began lobstering year round.
When he eats an acorn, Mario transforms into a flying squirrel.
When he embraced Islam, he changed his name.
When he entered the building, he was frightened by a sudden cry.
When he entered, he found him asleep.
When he failed to find a job, Tom started feeling desperate.
When he feels fine, he goes for a walk.
When he fell he attracted a dog.
When he fell into disgrace, all his friends abandoned him.
When he fell, he ran the risk of breaking his neck.
When he fell, the boy tore his shirt.
When he felt sleepy, he closed his eyes and fell asleep.
When he finds out about it he'll be very upset.
When he finds out, he won't be happy.
When he finished running, he was happy.
When he finished speaking, everyone was silent.
When he finished speaking, he stood up and walked away.
When he finished speaking, there was a silence.
When he finished the work, he went home.
When he finishes reading his text, we go on with a debate between students.
When he first heard her lovely voice over the phone, he fell head over heels for her.
When he found out that at few cases of coronavirus had broken out in Washington, D.C., Sell decided to stockpile on food and cleaning supplies.
When he gets drunk, he's quite an interesting priest, and he talks about various things.
When he gets home, let's make some popcorn and watch a movie.
When he gets overtaken by another car, he gets a shot of adrenaline.
When he gets up on stage to sing one of his out-of-tune solos, I get so nervous for him that I get sweaty palms.
When he gets upset, he becomes silent.
When he gets upset, he says crazy things.
When he goes out, he asks me to keep an eye on his house.
When he goes there, he usually sets off from here very early in the morning and returns late in the evening.
When he goes to Europe, he will visit many museums.
When he goes to a clothes shop, he sticks around in the fitting room for over half an hour.
When he got back up on his feet, the girl and the goat had disappeared.
When he got her alone for a moment, he asked for a date.
When he got here I made coffee.
When he got home he unsaddled his donkey.
When he got home, his wife was frying some delicious steaks.
When he got into the emergency department, they said he just imagined everything.
When he got into trouble, he turned to his parents for help.
When he got off the bus, he said goodbye to me.
When he got the letter, he burned it without reading it.
When he got there I made coffee.
When he got to the mosque, he was welcomed warmly.
When he got to the party, Sam made a bee line for the food.
When he got to the station, the train had already left.
When he got up to make his speech, Tom's mind went completely blank and all he could do was stand there with his mouth open.
When he got up, the young woman and the goat had disappeared.
When he graduated from law school in April 2005, he consolidated his debts with a nonprofit corporation called Educational Credit Management Corp., (ECMC), owing $116,464 in principle on the loan amount before interest.
When he grew older, he had a newfound interest in Islam.
When he grew up, he learned to see things from a wider perspective.
When he grew up, he started to see things from a broader perspective.
When he grows up, he wants to become a tennis player.
When he had finished working, he brushed his teeth and went to bed.
When he had no money, he couldn't buy any bread.
When he had said these things, he struck with reversed spear the side of the hollow mountain, and the winds, as a single column, race through the offered gate and blast the lands with a tornado.
When he had succeeded in opening the door, the body of the bridegroom was found lying on the threshold of the bridal chamber, and all around was flooded with blood.
When he had wistfully watched the workmen for some time he took courage, and ascended the ladder till he stood beside them.
When he has eaten, he goes to sleep.
When he heard it, he jumped.
When he heard it, he saw red.
When he heard that Mary had fallen seriously ill and that the doctors feared the worse, Tom dropped everything and caught the next flight back to Germany.
When he heard that, Rafael stopped the horse.
When he heard that, he frowned.
When he heard the joke, he burst into laughter.
When he heard the news, he turned pale.
When he heard the news, he was dumbfounded.
When he heard the noise, Tom quickly ran out of the house.
When he heard the noise, Tom ran to the kitchen.
When he heard the voice, he looked out of the window.
When he heard the whistle, he crossed the street.
When he hung out in London, he visited the British Museum.
When he is abroad, he is constantly homesick.
When he is angry, he always cries to me.
When he is drunk, he grumbles and fights. When he is sober, he lies on whatever comes to hand and says nothing.
When he is drunk, he has a low level of patience.
When he is eating, Tom cannot sing.
When he is in trouble, he always turns to his sister for help.
When he is not raising and selling his trees, Bob Girardin is promoting them. He writes about exotic conifers for Christmas tree industry publications and works with agricultural researchers around the country.
When he issued the proclamation, he sent copies of that to governors of each of the states, 13 at the time, and asked them to call a national Thanksgiving on the day that Washington specified, the last Thursday of November,” says Melanie Kirkpatrick, author of “Thanksgiving: The Holiday at the Heart of the American Experience.”
When he joined with them, few joined with others.
When he kissed me, I felt a shiver run down my spine.
When he learned that he would have a new brother or sister, Oliver was overjoyed.
When he learned that there were Doritos at the party, he made a bee-line for the snack bar.
When he learned the details of the circumstances, his laugh disappeared.
When he left Algeria, he missed it.
When he left from work, the sun was getting down.
When he left from work, the sun was setting.
When he left the Army, Roger Miller moved to the home of country music in Nashville, Tennessee.
When he left the navy, he found it hard to adjust to life ashore.
When he left the place, it was in an utter mess.
When he lies on top of me, the superincumbent pressure is almost too much to bear.
When he looked at the sky, he saw many stars.
When he lost his wallet, he was out of luck.
When he lost his watch he didn't seem to care.
When he lost his watch he didn’t seem to care.
When he met the lady, he raised his hat.
When he missed the last train, he was at a loss.
When he moved to Algeria, he became a little depressed.
When he moved to Algeria, he became somebody else.
When he nods his head, it actually means "no".
When he opened the door he had nothing on but the TV.
When he opened the door to leave she burst into tears.
When he openly declared he would marry Pablo, he almost gave his grandmother a heart attack and made his aunt's eyes burst out of their sockets; however, his little sister beamed with pride.
When he openly declared he would marry Pablo, he almost gave his grandmother a heart attack and made his aunt’s eyes burst out of their sockets; however, his little sister beamed with pride.
When he opens a magazine, he will usually read his horoscope first.
When he opens the magazine, he usually reads his horoscope first.
When he plays, there are a lot of wrong notes.
When he raised his voice, she chose silence, but a silence that carried the weight of disarming wisdom.
When he ran into difficulties, he asked his parents for help.
When he reached St. Petersburg, they had departed for Paris; and when he followed them there, he learned that they had just set off for Copenhagen.
When he reached my sister's side she was unconscious, and though he poured brandy down her throat and sent for medical aid from the village, all efforts were in vain, for she slowly sank and died without having recovered her consciousness.
When he reached the house he found that Tom had gone out, leaving no word as to when he would be back.
When he reached the shore where he found Chloe smiling through her tears, he fell on her bosom and inquired what had led her to play those particular notes.
When he reached the station, the train had already left almost half an hour before.
When he received the letter, he fled to his parents'.
When he recites the Quran, he sounds like a native Arabic speaker.
When he regained consciousness, he was lying in the park.
When he repassed the barn to go back to Marygreen he observed that the ladder was still in its place, but that the men had finished their day's work and gone away.
When he retired, his son took over his business.
When he retired, his son took over the business.
When he returned home, he shut himself in his room.
When he returned home, he went ravenously straight to the fridge.
When he returned home, the kids were already asleep.
When he returned to the office, he found a letter slid under the door.
When he returned, he brought a baseball cap and gave it as a present to his friend.
When he returns from hunting, I will not speak with him.
When he runs his fingernails down the blackboard, it makes me cringe.
When he runs out of knives, Lyle butters his toast with a spoon.
When he said "water," she gave him water.
When he said this, the crowd laughed at him.
When he said this, the people laughed at him.
When he saw Jesus passing by, he said...
When he saw Tom was hurt, Cookie immediately stopped playing and tried to lick Tom's wound.
When he saw a policeman coming, he began to run like anything.
When he saw her letter, he felt somewhat uneasy.
When he saw his father, he didn't even say a word.
When he saw it was already a quarter to seven, Martin started washing like crazy so he could leave on time.
When he saw it, he turned pale.
When he saw me naked he burst out laughing.
When he saw me naked, he burst out laughing.
When he saw me, he pretended to be asleep.
When he saw me, he raised his hat and greeted me.
When he saw me, he ran away.
When he saw me, he started running.
When he saw my new haircut, he looked at me with eyes as big as an anime character's.
When he saw that Paul had left, Richard went into the room.
When he saw that he was going to score a goal, he tripped him and cut off his feet as if with scissors.
When he saw that there was nothing more to see, he took his bike and rode home.
When he saw the blood, he passed out.
When he saw the joke, he laughed in spite of himself.
When he saw the man's twin, he did a double take.
When he saw the police officer, he ran away.
When he saw the policeman, he ran away.
When he saw the policeman, the thief dropped the purse and ran.
When he saw the price tag, Tom realised that he didn't have enough money with him.
When he saw the salesgirl selling dachshund sausages, he got an idea for a cartoon.
When he saw us filming and came over to pour out his resentment.
When he says "vegetables", I hear "busy devils".
When he sees him, he starts shaking.
When he sees this money, he will forget everything.
When he shot, he hit me in the head.
When he shouted, the veins in his neck stood out clearly.
When he sits down to eat, he empties the dish.
When he slipped the curious creature under the tree, just as he thought that the woman had requested, what Santa didn't realize was that she actually only wanted the sable's fur in the form of a warm garment.
When he smiled, the children saw his long, gray teeth.
When he speaks Berber, he makes mistakes.
When he speaks Berber, he sounds like Dad.
When he spilt the pepper all over the table, the dog sneezed.
When he spoke, everyone became silent.
When he started dating, he experienced many epic failures.
When he started the book, Hawking was unable to write by hand at all.
When he started to eat his chicken, it tasted a little funny.
When he stopped running, he was satisfied.
When he studied mathematics, philosophy and astronomy in Nishapur, he moved to the region of Bukhara around 1068.
When he talks to people, they keep quiet and listen.
When he thinks, he scratches his head.
When he threatened to quit, his boss called his bluff and told him he could leave.
When he told his family he was Muslim, they ostracized him.
When he told his ghost stories, the room felt as cold as the touch of a yuki-onna.
When he told me that, I was dumbfounded.
When he told the truth, they killed him.
When he took his shahada, everyone hugged him.
When he took his shahada, he didn't even know the Arabic language.
When he took off his jacket, his glasses fell out.
When he took the exam, he tried hard but failed it.
When he took up the brush he was a real master, and his pictures were eagerly sought after.
When he touched her she opened her eyes.
When he travels, the train compartment becomes his office.
When he tried to back into the garage, he mistakenly gunned the engine and backed into the wall.
When he turned the spigot, brownish water came gushing out.
When he turned up, we had been waiting for two hours.
When he turns right, he'll come to the museum.
When he united with them, few united with others.
When he used my name without my permission, I saw red.
When he visited the Islamic center, he was introduced to Islam.
When he was 14, he started to plant strawberries.
When he was 15, he ran away from home.
When he was 17, Fadil moved to Egypt.
When he was 18, he married.
When he was a baby, Tom often cried himself to sleep.
When he was a baby, he had a very big belly button.
When he was a boy, his home environment was good.
When he was a child he loved his father.
When he was a child, Tom dreamt of being a vet.
When he was a child, a former Prime Minister of Canada, whose father was a francophone from Quebec and whose mother was an anglophone, supposed that all boys spoke French with their fathers and English with their mothers.
When he was a child, he adored his father.
When he was a child, he lived in a small town.
When he was a child, he went to Paris three times.
When he was a child, he would go fishing on Sundays.
When he was a child, his ambition was to be an English teacher.
When he was a hundred years old: for at this age of his father, was Isaac born.
When he was a kid, Tom dreamt of being a vet.
When he was a kid, Tom liked to hide in the closet.
When he was a kid, Tom tried going on a tree like a dog, but he could never figure it out.
When he was a kid, he used to catch birds and torture them to death.
When he was a student, he went to the disco only once.
When he was about to pass, the Sphinx jumped in front of him.
When he was about to shoot the thirtieth arrow, the archer realised that his quiver was empty.
When he was asked to subscribe to the Rev. Mr. Allan's salary he said he'd wait and see how many dollars' worth of good he got out of his preaching first.
When he was asked why he had done that, he maintained a stony silence.
When he was at the acme of his career, a scandal brought about his downfall.
When he was born, he became a Jew.
When he was caught, Fadil tried to talk his way out of trouble.
When he was child, he was in delicate health.
When he was diagnosed with cancer, he became Muslim.
When he was eighteen years old, he made for Rome.
When he was eighteen, he decided that he wanted to become a soldier.
When he was faced with the evidence, he had to admit that he was guilty.
When he was fifteen years old, he left his native mountains and Ida, his nursery, delighted to wander in unknown lands, and gaze at unknown rivers, his enthusiasm making light of travel.
When he was fighting with you, his heart broke half-and-half.
When he was fighting with you, his heart broke in half.
When he was forty years old, he could speak sixteen languages.
When he was forty-nine years old, my grandfather emigrated to Brazil.
When he was here, he would swim in the morning.
When he was in college, he started exploring Islam.
When he was in college, he started his exploration of Islam.
When he was in the military, he conformed to the strict army rules.
When he was just about to leave, an earthquake started.
When he was leaving, he told me that he would come again by the 25th.
When he was little, he only wore long pants.
When he was sentenced to spend the rest of his days in prison, his life was finished.
When he was thirty years old, he married Lucy Webb.
When he was twenty years old, he could speak seven languages.
When he was very young, they moved down to Algeria.
When he was young, he ate three eggs every day.
When he was young, he had an arrogant air.
When he was young, he hated Islam and Muslims.
When he was young, he liked to go by bike.
When he was young, he sometimes played soccer.
When he was young, he used to be very shy.
When he was young, he used to follow Beethoven everywhere he went.
When he was young, he used to play the guitar.
When he was young, he wanted to be a singer.
When he was young, he was a hard worker.
When he was young, he was beaten every day.
When he was young, he was poor and had to live on rice gruel.
When he was young, he was so poor that he virtually had to live on gruel.
When he was young, he was the talk of town.
When he was young, he would often watch baseball.
When he was younger he worked at a factory.
When he was younger, he wanted to be an imam.
When he was younger, he was very good-looking.
When he wasn't fishing, he was picking berries.
When he wears a suit, he looks younger.
When he went back to Algeria, he was a changed person.
When he went out the front door, the bus was just coming around the corner.
When he went to Algeria, he had an amazing opportunity to become Muslim.
When he went to Manchester, he wanted to continue to go to the mosque.
When he went to Russia, his revolutionary fervor emerged.
When he went to an Algerian school, he was introduced to Islam.
When he went to college, he began to get exposed to Islam.
When he went up into the town all the streets were gleaming with light, and the wedding of the Princess was just about to begin.
When he whispered something into her ear, she moved just as he said, as if she had been hypnotized.
When he woke up, he remembered the dream as a terrible experience, and from that day on, he started forgetting a great number of very important details of his life.
When he woke up, the party was almost over.
When he would not give them higher pay, they went on strike.
When he writes English, he often consults the dictionary.
When he writes in Portuguese, he is using the same spelling as in Occitan.
When he writes, he always keeps a dictionary at hand.
When he's against me, Tom is an extremely enthusiastic chess player.
When he's at home, almost all lamps are on.
When he's going to make some smart aleck remark, you can see him fighting back an impish grin while he's working out the wording.
When he's hungry, Marco is capable of stuffing himself with a kilogram of baked goods.
When he's hungry, Marco is capable of wolfing down a kilogram of baked goods.
When he's in a bad mood, he always tries to bring everyone else down.
When he's in class, he continuously sits next to me.
When he's in the mosque, he looks very serious.
When he's ready, he'll know it.
When he's sad, he withdraws from other people.
When he's sick, he always wants his Mommy.
When he's sick, the dog sleeps hard against my feet and ankles.
When healthcare workers are sick - or even if they are quarantining from COVID exposure - they can't provide health care.
When hell freezes over.
When hell is inside the soul, death is not fearsome.
When her alarm clock sounded, Mary was already yawning and stretching.
When her boyfriend left, she took time to get over it.
When her cat died, Diana went to pieces.
When her husband arrived, her lover hid in the wardrobe.
When her husband arrived, her lover hid inside the closet.
When her husband died, she felt like committing suicide.
When her husband died, she felt like killing herself.
When her mother came, she pretended to be studying.
When her neighbors were sick, she asked doctors to give them medical supplies.
When her neighbours were ill, she asked a doctor to give them some medicine.
When her skirt was lifted, her slip was visible.
When her uncle died, Mary came into fortune.
When he’s sad, he withdraws from other people.
When his advances were rebuffed, he attempted to allay his rankled ego by publicly undermining her intelligence.
When his business failed, he was left penniless.
When his daughter was born, he had already been living in Nagano for seven years.
When his dog died, he cried his heart out.
When his family moved to Algiers, he was fourteen years old.
When his favorite team had a victory, he waved his pennant while jumping up and down and yelped like a badger.
When his food supply ran short, he had to look for a new place to live.
When his mother studied their genealogy, she was horrified to find out they were related to Hitler.
When his parents died, John married Mary.
When his sister beat him at his favorite game, Tom became angry and said that she had cheated.
When his theory was first put forward, nobody bought it.
When his wife died he was full of heartrending grief.
When his wife died, he received dozens of condolence cards.
When his wife died, he received dozens of letters of sympathy.
When his wife heard of his violent death, she was beside herself with grief.
When holding the rabbit, support their hind legs to keep them safe.
When homeless and mentally ill people fall victim to violent crimes, it often isn't treated as a violent crime.
When honey is there, stingers are near.
When horseless carriages came along, these carriage-makers simply switched to making cars.
When humans stop thinking of ourselves as individual water drops, and start loving each other as we love ourselves, together we can become oceans.
When ice melts, it becomes liquid.
When ice melts, it becomes water.
When ill health does strike, some autocrats have reflexively blamed malevolent powers — human or otherwise.
When in Algeria, do as Algerians do.
When in Algeria, eat as the Algerians do.
When in France, do as the French do.
When in France, don't be American.
When in France, don't behave like an American.
When in France, don't do as the Americans do.
When in Rome, do as the Romans do.
When in Rome, do as the Romans.
When in Rome, do as the romans do.
When in Rome...
When in Sydney, I went one Sunday morning to bathe. I was accompanied by a friend who had just arrived from the South Sea Islands. He was very timid, and clung to the rock, never going beyond a few yards from it, and instantly returning. Upon rallying him, he confessed his great dread of sharks.
When in Ukraine, I always speak Ukrainian.
When in a bus, I always sit at the front.
When in a serious mood, it seems to me that those people are illogical who feel an aversion toward death. As far as I can see, life consists exclusively of horrors, unpleasantnesses and banalities, now merging, now alternating.
When in doubt tell the truth. It will confound your enemies and astound your friends.
When in doubt, choose kindness.
When in doubt, consult a dictionary.
When in doubt, forbear.
When in doubt, hit it out.
When in doubt, hug it out.
When in doubt, in favour of the accused.
When in doubt, just take the next small step.
When in doubt, leave it out.
When in doubt, tell the truth.
When in doubt, throw it out.
When in love, even pockmarks are dimples.
When in love, reason goes out the window.
When in the barn the heating fails, cubic shape the milk yield takes.
When in the morning you open your eyes, I shall leave you to a world a-hum with bees, and songful with birds.
When in these fresh mornings I go into my garden before anyone is awake, I go for the time being into perfect happiness. In this hour divinely fresh and still, the fair face of every flower salutes me with a silent joy that fills me with infinite content; each gives me its color, its grace, its perfume, and enriches me with the consummation of its beauty.
When in times of need, we make even a donkey the king.
When in trouble or in doubt, run in circles, scream and shout!
When indicating 'tense' in Chinese, as shown above, there are 'particles', 'time-specifying words' and also many cases where it depends on context.
When indicating ’tense’ in Chinese, as shown above, there are ’particles’, ’time-specifying words’ and also many cases where it depends on context.
When injustice becomes law, resistance becomes duty.
When inserting the budwood into the root stock make the cambium layer overlap.
When inserting the budwood into the root stock, make the cambium layers overlap.
When introduced to the phone, Tashi couldn't figure it out and stood on the same phone application for 20 minutes.
When investigating the pH (acidic, neutral, alkaline) of a liquid, don't soak the litmus paper completely in the liquid but just put the end of the paper in it.
When investigating the pH (acidic, neutral, alkaline) of a liquid, don’t soak the litmus paper completely in the liquid but just put the end of the paper in it.
When invigilating exams, teachers sometimes like to play silent games with each other.
When is Adriano’s next shift?
When is Bonfire Night celebrated?
When is Cheryl’s birthday?
When is Christmas in Russia?
When is Dad coming back from his vacation?
When is Daddy coming home?
When is Father's Day?
When is Halloween?
When is Hanukkah this year?
When is Japan's Tanabata festival?
When is Mary going?
When is Mary leaving?
When is Mennad coming back?
When is Mennad going to die?
When is Mom coming home?
When is Mother's Day?
When is Mothering Sunday?
When is Sami's birthday?
When is Santa Claus coming?
When is Tom and Mary's wedding?
When is Tom arriving?
When is Tom busy?
When is Tom coming back from Australia?
When is Tom coming back from Boston?
When is Tom coming back?
When is Tom coming home?
When is Tom coming?
When is Tom due back?
When is Tom due to retire?
When is Tom expected back?
When is Tom getting out of the hospital?
When is Tom going back to Australia?
When is Tom going back to Boston?
When is Tom going home?
When is Tom going on vacation?
When is Tom going shopping?
When is Tom going to Australia?
When is Tom going to Boston?
When is Tom going to arrive?
When is Tom going to come over?
When is Tom going to do that?
When is Tom going to get here?
When is Tom going to get out of the hospital?
When is Tom going to go home?
When is Tom going to go to Australia?
When is Tom going to go to Boston?
When is Tom going to help us?
When is Tom going to leave?
When is Tom going to move into his new house?
When is Tom going to replace the water filter?
When is Tom going to visit us again?
When is Tom going?
When is Tom leaving?
When is Tom planning on doing that?
When is Tom planning on eating?
When is Tom planning on going?
When is Tom planning on taking pictures?
When is Tom planning to come over?
When is Tom planning to do that?
When is Tom planning to eat?
When is Tom planning to go back to Australia?
When is Tom planning to go to Australia?
When is Tom planning to go to Boston?
When is Tom planning to go?
When is Tom planning to leave?
When is Tom planning to take pictures?
When is Tom supposed to be here?
When is Tom supposed to do that?
When is Tom supposed to get here?
When is Tom supposed to pay his rent?
When is Tom's birthday?
When is Yanni meeting up with Skura?
When is a good time for you?
When is a semicolon used?
When is blueberry season?
When is breakfast served?
When is breakfast?
When is checkout time?
When is closing time?
When is dinner served?
When is dinner?
When is empathy most important?
When is failure a good thing?
When is good for you?
When is half-term?
When is happy hour?
When is he coming back?
When is he coming?
When is he expected back?
When is he getting married?
When is he giving it to us?
When is he leaving?
When is her birthday?
When is her surgery?
When is his birthday?
When is his surgery?
When is honesty the best policy?
When is it OK to break rules?
When is it OK to tell lies?
When is it convenient for you?
When is it due?
When is it going to end?
When is it going to happen?
When is it going to stop?
When is it possible for you to meet him?
When is it right to disclose personal data about a person without that person's consent?
When is it safe to have sex after an abortion?
When is it supposed to rain?
When is it tourist season in Switzerland?
When is it?
When is moving day?
When is my brother's birthday?
When is my first work day?
When is my flight?
When is my next appointment?
When is my surgery?
When is objective analysis coming?
When is peak sentences?
When is regret a useful emotion?
When is school out?
When is school over?
When is she coming back?
When is she coming?
When is she going to arrive?
When is she leaving?
When is she to go abroad?
When is something art?
When is soon?
When is sunrise tomorrow?
When is sunset today?
When is that novel going to be published?
When is that supposed to happen?
When is the Apocalypse?
When is the El Hamdania Port expected to be completed?
When is the Kabyle flag coming back to Tatoeba?
When is the appointment?
When is the baby due?
When is the best moment?
When is the best time to do that?
When is the best time to feed your dog?
When is the best time to go running?
When is the best time to plant corn?
When is the best time to visit Australia?
When is the best time to visit Boston?
When is the bonfire going to be lit?
When is the book fair going to take place next?
When is the book fair next taking place?
When is the breakfast served?
When is the burial?
When is the celebration?
When is the ceremony scheduled for?
When is the changing of the guard?
When is the clinic open?
When is the college entrance exam?
When is the concert?
When is the deadline?
When is the doctor's surgery open?
When is the doctor's surgery?
When is the due date?
When is the equinox?
When is the ferry coming?
When is the first bus to Boston?
When is the first day of spring?
When is the food ready?
When is the grand opening?
When is the health centre open?
When is the intermission?
When is the last bin day before Christmas?
When is the last bus to Boston?
When is the last time he was here?
When is the last time you had a massage?
When is the last time you had your piano tuned?
When is the last time you made an origami pigeon?
When is the last time you showered?
When is the last time you wrote a love letter?
When is the latest edition of this paper out?
When is the meal being served?
When is the meeting going to be held?
When is the merchandise going to come?
When is the museum open?
When is the news on?
When is the next World Cup?
When is the next available appointment?
When is the next bus coming?
When is the next bus to Boston?
When is the next bus to Park Street?
When is the next bus to the airport?
When is the next bus?
When is the next class?
When is the next departure?
When is the next flight to Boston?
When is the next free appointment?
When is the next free slot?
When is the next full moon?
When is the next guided tour?
When is the next leap year?
When is the next major holiday?
When is the next meeting? Not on a Monday, I hope.
When is the next milking session?
When is the next performance review?
When is the next session? Not on a Monday, I hope.
When is the next shuttle?
When is the next train expected to arrive?
When is the next train for Boston?
When is the next train to Boston?
When is the next train to Sloane Square?
When is the next train to Tokyo?
When is the next train to Washington?
When is the next train?
When is the opening of the exhibition?
When is the paper due?
When is the party going to be?
When is the party?
When is the pep rally?
When is the performance over?
When is the press conference taking place?
When is the press conference?
When is the rent due?
When is the right moment to ask?
When is the right time to harvest medlars?
When is the ship due to arrive?
When is the ship leaving?
When is the shopping centre open until?
When is the shopping mall open?
When is the slant-eyed geezer coming?
When is the store open till?
When is the strike going to end?
When is the sun coming up tomorrow?
When is the test?
When is the wedding going to take place?
When is the world going to end?
When is this crisis going to be over?
When is this crisis going to end?
When is this rain going to clear?
When is this storm ever going to pass?
When is this supposed to happen?
When is your appointment?
When is your bedtime?
When is your birthday?
When is your book coming out?
When is your brother getting married?
When is your departure?
When is your due date?
When is your exam?
When is your flight departing?
When is your flight?
When is your last class over?
When is your lunch break?
When is your new book going to be published?
When is your next Berber exam?
When is your next concert?
When is your next doctor's appointment?
When is your next game?
When is your next show?
When is your next train for Boston?
When is your passport valid until?
When is your report due?
When is your school festival?
When is your sister's flight?
When is your surgery?
When is your wedding anniversary?
When is your wedding?
When it became obvious that Ziri was dying, Rima took Walid's hand and led him outside.
When it becomes evening, the sunlight passes through the thick fog, and because red rays are longer, therefore the sky reddens.
When it becomes winter breath becomes white.
When it becomes winter, our breath becomes white.
When it began to rain, I paused and looked through the porthole.
When it began to rain, she told her son to take in the washing.
When it came time to christen the infant, the Prince of Wales sent word that he would act as godfather to the noble baby.
When it came time to jump out of that airplane I was terrified. My heart was in my mouth.
When it came to Robert, Sandra was very happy.
When it came to boyfriends, she was more interested in beefcake than brains.
When it came to foreign relations, Bouteflika was a genius.
When it came to the crunch she just gave in.
When it came to the crunch, Tom couldn't bring himself to testify against Mary.
When it clears up tomorrow it is good.
When it closed in 1984, thousands were put out of work and the dockyard fell into disuse.
When it comes to Chinese books that are overvalued worldwide I suppose it's Sun Tzu, isn't it?
When it comes to Chinese books that are overvalued worldwide I suppose it’s Sun Tzu, isn’t it?
When it comes to Christmas I'm a bit of a Grinch - I can't stand all the present giving and compulsory cheerfulness.
When it comes to advertising, Coke is ahead of the game.
When it comes to animals, this can't be considered as being something cruel.
When it comes to atoms, language can be used only as in poetry. The poet, too, is not nearly so concerned with describing facts as with creating images and establishing mental connections.
When it comes to baseball, I don't know much.
When it comes to baseball, I don’t know much.
When it comes to be on time, Ziri isn't the most reliable person.
When it comes to blockbusters, bigger and bolder is Hollywood's plan for this summer.
When it comes to cheese, it's Camembert. More than the taste, it makes me nostalgic.
When it comes to chocolate, resistance is futile.
When it comes to commas, if in doubt leave them out.
When it comes to cooking, no one can beat me.
When it comes to cooking, no one can equal Mary.
When it comes to cooking, you cannot beat Mary.
When it comes to creating new contacts, Jérôme finds it difficult.
When it comes to creativity, there are no winners or losers. At least, that's what they say.
When it comes to dancing I have two left feet.
When it comes to dancing, nobody can move like Michael Jackson.
When it comes to dining out, the noisiness of a restaurant can ruin an otherwise good meal.
When it comes to disco dance, I can't hold a candle to Susan.
When it comes to disco dance, I can’t hold a candle to Susan.
When it comes to disco dancing, I'm no match for Susan.
When it comes to disco dancing, I’m no match for Susan.
When it comes to dogs, I should bribe them more often.
When it comes to drugs, there's a very fine line between use and abuse.
When it comes to exercise, even a short walk is better than nothing.
When it comes to fidelity, Tom hasn't got a good track record.
When it comes to fishing, Tom is an expert.
When it comes to fishing, he's an expert.
When it comes to fishing, he’s an expert.
When it comes to flying kites, no one can beat old Rafique.
When it comes to forming a couple, age is irrelevant.
When it comes to girls, I pay much attention.
When it comes to good quality wine, no country can rival France.
When it comes to ground warfare, tanks remain the apex predators.
When it comes to having children, 43% say it’s very important. That’s down from 20 years ago, when 59% of people said that becoming a parent was very important.
When it comes to houses, Ike prefers Victorians over colonials.
When it comes to learning English words by heart, nobody can beat him.
When it comes to little girls, their priority is listening to other little girls.
When it comes to love, women are experts and men eternal novices.
When it comes to making things, I'm all thumbs.
When it comes to making things, I’m all thumbs.
When it comes to marital spats, there are usually two sides to the story.
When it comes to marital spats, there's usually two sides to the story.
When it comes to mathematics, he is second to none in his class.
When it comes to movies I like anything, as long as it's not horror.
When it comes to music I have no ear for it.
When it comes to musical instruments, the more you practice, the more skilled you become.
When it comes to my child, the trouble never ends.
When it comes to my supervisor, he's very inconsistent, so we never get any work done.
When it comes to my supervisor, he’s very inconsistent, so we never get any work done.
When it comes to my turn to speak, I confuse the words 'standard' and 'common', and end up saying that the north-eastern accent is 'the most common'.
When it comes to my turn to speak, I confuse the words ’standard’ and ’common’, and end up saying that the north-eastern accent is ’the most common’.
When it comes to paying out money, the boss pulls a long face.
When it comes to personality, Tom and Mary are as different as chalk and cheese.
When it comes to physics, no one comes close to him.
When it comes to playing chess, he is second to none.
When it comes to playing golf, you cannot beat him.
When it comes to playing tennis, he always beats me.
When it comes to politics, I know nothing.
When it comes to politics, he is as eloquent as anyone.
When it comes to raw fish, I feel disgusted.
When it comes to recycling you talk the talk but you don't walk the walk.
When it comes to science, practice is more important than theory.
When it comes to sewing, she is all thumbs.
When it comes to smoking, don't go overboard.
When it comes to snoring, no one can top Mr Snore.
When it comes to speaking about Spanglish, there is nobody that could contend with him.
When it comes to sport, John is very good.
When it comes to sports, I can't beat Tom.
When it comes to sports, I can't beat her.
When it comes to sports, I can’t beat her.
When it comes to sports, John is very good.
When it comes to starting the day, nothing wakes me up faster than coffee.
When it comes to staying young, a mind-lift beats a face-lift any day.
When it comes to sweets, I just can't control myself.
When it comes to sweets, I just can’t control myself.
When it comes to tea, one thing above all else is important to me: it must be hot.
When it comes to technology and innovation, we in Italy, as usual, always lag behind.
When it comes to tennis, Tom always beats me.
When it comes to tennis, she is second to none.
When it comes to the crunch, our company will become insolvent.
When it comes to the news, Hong Kong has already lost its freedom, or so I've heard.
When it comes to urbanization, Algeria is enforcing zoning regulations and trying to prevent encroachment on agricultural and forested areas.
When it comes to war, they are as brave as anyone.
When it comes to wasting time, you're an expert.
When it continues raining cats and dogs for a long while, laundrymen have a hard time doing their work.
When it gets cold, the turtles become torpid.
When it gets dark here, it gets very dark.
When it got dark, the party organizer said: "Time to go".
When it got dark, the scenery became strange and spooky.
When it got too hot inside the tent, Matthew opened the windows to let in some air.
When it got warmer, I took off my jumper.
When it got warmer, Tom set out for a mountain hike.
When it had stopped raining, he went for a walk.
When it has snowed, I sometimes imagine the terrain as some place on a moon of a gas giant planet. I trek through it.
When it is appraised, in order to check the authenticity and state of preservation of the painting, the real thing has to be borrowed from its owner.
When it is dark enough, one can see the stars.
When it is darkest, men see the stars.
When it is hot, one usually sees him in white.
When it is possible for you to meet him?
When it is possible to have peace, he chooses war.
When it is remembered that these cases outnumber all others—that there are more species of parasites than there are species of all other animals put together—it will be seen that the expression "survivorship of the better" is wholly inappropriate, and the argument Mr. Martineau bases upon it quite untenable.
When it is seen to have risen too far, the central banks of major countries cooperate to intervene.
When it is sunshine, he prays for rain, and when it is rain, he prays for sunshine.
When it lightly rains like that, I wish to go for a walk in a park.
When it rained, I didn't have money to buy bread. When I borrowed money, I was cheated.
When it rains a lot, it causes landslides in the mountains.
When it rains cats and dogs, do you go out?
When it rains, I don't do that.
When it rains, I get depressed.
When it rains, Tom takes the bus.
When it rains, he feels blue.
When it rains, he takes the bus.
When it rains, it pours.
When it rains, it rains for everyone.
When it rains, she feels blue.
When it rains, she takes the bus.
When it rains, the Sahara Desert comes to life.
When it rains, the buses are late more often than not.
When it rains, the buses tend to run late.
When it rains, water seeps through the roof.
When it rains, you get wet. This is a banal truth.
When it reaches the marketplace our product will go like hot cakes.
When it says 'new improved recipe' on the packaging, it almost always means that the recipe costs less for the producer.
When it seemed miniskirts couldn't be any shorter, they found out they could be shortened from above.
When it sets off the bell rings, "ding-ding". Thus 'ding-ding-train'.
When it sets off the bell rings, "ding-ding". Thus ’ding-ding-train’.
When it snows, I will not go outside.
When it sounds, turn the stove off.
When it started raining, Mary's hair dye ran down her forehead.
When it started to get dark, I quickened my pace.
When it started to rain, I got under my friend's umbrella.
When it started to rain, I ran home.
When it stopped raining, the birds began to sing again.
When it stops raining, let's go for a walk.
When it stops raining, we will go for a walk.
When it warms, ice turns into water.
When it was Boris’s turn to receive his diploma, he thanked Rima for everything.
When it was all done, workers cried openly at the lodge's dedication in 1937, not due to President Franklin Roosevelt's words of appreciation, but at having to leave a project that had given them great pride, dignity and months of paychecks.
When it was almost time for the Jewish Passover, Jesus went up to Jerusalem.
When it was opened in 1981, the Humber Bridge was the longest suspension bridge in the world.
When it was put that clearly, I was at a loss for a response.
When it was stretched, the material tore.
When it was time for him to get off the chairlift, the backpack became caught and he could not get off.
When it was time to vote, he abstained.
When it was winter, and the snow lay all around, white and sparkling, a hare would often come jumping along, and spring right over the little Fir Tree. Oh! this made him so angry.
When it's all done and said, there will come your final judgment's day.
When it's all over, God will either send you to Heaven or to Hell depending on your past acts and on how much good or bad you've done to humanity.
When it's all said and done, your day of reckoning is coming.
When it's already dark in Munich, the midnight sun is still shining in Norway.
When it's cold outside, I like to stay inside and read.
When it's cold outside, I put my gloves on.
When it's cold, young people do nothing but drink.
When it's dark you can use a flashlight to see.
When it's dusk in Germany, it's late at night in Japan.
When it's fall in France, it's spring in Uruguay.
When it's full, it overflows.
When it's full, it's full.
When it's hot, I go swim. When it rains, I like to play chess.
When it's hot, please dress according to your body, not the body you wish you had.
When it's hot, there's nothing like a cold beer.
When it's hot, there's nothing like a ice cold beer.
When it's midnight here, it's 3:00 a.m. in Boston.
When it's morning in California, it's late at night in Japan.
When it's morning in the U.S., it's late at night in Japan.
When it's necessary, you can come to me.
When it's night in Australia, it's morning in Canada.
When it's noon here, it's 3:00 p.m. in Boston.
When it's not rush hour, driving in Algiers is a breeze.
When it's pouring, I hate having to walk home.
When it's quiet enough, you can hear the trees talk.
When it's raining, my dog usually stays in her doghouse.
When it's raining, we always play boardgames.
When it's spring in Russia, it's fall in Chile.
When it's spring in the Northern Hemisphere, it's autumn in the Southern Hemisphere.
When it's stifling hot outside, no other drink does the trick better than drinking water to help keep your body fresh.
When it's summer in Germany, it's winter in Argentina.
When it's this cold, I don't like going outside.
When it's this hot, I don't feel like doing anything.
When it's this hot, the only thing I feel like eating is a lemon snow cone or sherbet.
When it's time for the Friday prayer, the faithful flow into the mosque.
When it's too much, it's too much.
When it's very hot, you should drink lots of water to avoid dehydration.
When it's warm the sickness saps my energy, and it's no better in this wretched cold either.
When it's windy, the leaves of the old oak rustle and its branches creak.
When it's winter in England, it's summer in Brazil.
When it’s cold, young people do nothing but drink.
When it’s dark you can use a flashlight to see.
When it’s hot, I go swim. When it rains, I like to play chess.
When it’s necessary, you can come to me.
When it’s too hot to be outside, we are not going to have people tilling the fields.
When ivies are healthy, they look very nice.
When lamp lights, speak to staff.
When language barriers finally fall away, economic and political ones remain – and they are far worse.
When last I saw that little stream, / A form of light there stood, / That seemed like a precious gem, / Beneath that archway rude: / And as I gazed with love and awe / Upon that sylph-like thing, / Methought that airy form must be / The fairy of the spring.
When learning Chinese, pinyin is very helpful for beginners.
When learning Japanese, I quickly discovered that many kanji are rarely used, and are often replaced with kana.
When learning Russian, it's important to understand the difference between perfective and imperfective verbs.
When learning a foreign language, don't be afraid to make mistakes.
When learning a foreign language, focus on learning phrases instead of isolated words.
When learning a foreign language, students benefit from reading disparate example sentences.
When learning a foreign language, you have to speak it as often as possible.
When learning a foreign language, you should try to speak it as soon as possible.
When learning a language, it's important to learn the words for more than just one nationality and language name.
When learning a new language, focus on commonly-used vocabulary first.
When learning languages, it's important to stay consistent.
When learning new French words, Tom remembers them by constantly hearing them in context and practicing using them in conversations.
When leaving don't forget to turn the light off.
When leaving from the gulf of Otranto, we were thirty; but when arriving in Cadiz, we were ten.
When leaving the bathroom, wash your hands.
When left alone, he cried to his heart's content.
When left alone, he cried to his heart’s content.
When left to my own devices, I tend to daydream and get lost in a series of tangential thought patterns.
When leftover food is put in the compost, it can attract unwelcome guests.
When life ends, we're no longer here.
When life gets tough, does it still make sense to continue on one's path?
When life gives you lemons, make lemonade.
When life gives you lemons, squeeze them back into life's eyes.
When life gives you reasons to cry, show that you have a thousand and one reasons to laugh.
When life has been well spent; when there is a conscience without reproach; when there is faith in the Saviour; when there is a well-founded hope of heaven, there can be nothing that should disquiet us.
When life is a joy, then life has meaning.
When life is so burdensome death has become a sought after refuge.
When life is too easy for us, we must beware or we may not be ready to meet the blows which sooner or later come to everyone, rich or poor.
When life is too stressful, sexual function decreases.
When life revolves around politics, politicians are doing something wrong. Because instead of making life easier for citizens, they're giving them more headaches.
When life shuts a door, open it. That’s how doors work.
When life throws you a lemon, make lemonade!
When light encounters the dense, compressed ice, the ice absorbs longer wavelengths of colors, such as red and yellow, but colors of shorter wavelengths, like green and blue, are reflected. This is what gives some icebergs their remarkable colors.
When light is absorbed, it turns into energy.
When listening to a lecture, you should be quiet.
When living beings in sleep all over the world sought to rest and forget their troubles, the young and noble Trojan princes occupied themselves in war councils.
When lo! – the tale I shudder to pursue – / from Tenedos in silence, side by side, / two monstrous serpents, horrible to view, / with coils enormous leaning on the tide, / shoreward, with even stretch, the tranquil sea divide.
When lo, before him in the wood appears / his mother, in a virgin's arms arrayed, / in form and habit of a Spartan maid, / or like Harpalyce, the pride of Thrace, / who tires swift steeds, and scours the woodland glade, / and outstrips rapid Hebrus in the race. / So fair the goddess seemed, apparelled for the chase.
When loading plastic items in the dishwasher, take care as they may melt if they get too close to the dishwasher's heating element.
When looking at this image, some people see a duck and others, a rabbit.
When looking for a new job, do not forget to read the want ads in the newspaper.
When love speaks, reason holds its tongue.
When making a cake, you must use eggs, butter and sugar.
When making a video game, keep your scope small.
When making flashcards, I always add a visual aid on the question side.
When making gravy, be careful with your coriander.
When making mashed potato, you don't have to peel the potatoes – they can simply be mashed, skins and all.
When making your comparison, ensure that the months match up so as to consider seasonal factors.
When man and woman unite, work is no longer as tiring.
When many enemies appear in front of you, look back, you have many allies as well.
When matter is changed chemically, chemical energy is given off.
When may I do that again?
When may I go home?
When me and my sister moved to Algiers, we rented an apartment in Bab-el-Oued.
When measure becomes a target, it ceases to be a good measure.
When medlars are bletted, they ooze goo.
When medlars blet, their natural sugars are liberated.
When medlars blet, they become extremely soft.
When medlars blet, they soften and become edible.
When medlars blet, they're ready to eat.
When meeting a person for the first time, be sure to pay attention to the distance placed between yourself and your partner.
When meeting a person for the first time, keep the conversation light.
When men go to the gym it seems they really work their biceps.
When men of experience fail, we must employ green hands.
When metal is heated, it expands.
When money ceases to have value, the entire system stops working.
When more than half of your national holidays are Catholic, you aren't really a secular country.
When morning broke, a scene of marvellous though savage beauty lay before them.
When morning dawned, the Princess came to see if he was still alive.
When mosquitoes beat their wings up and down, they produce a distinctive buzzing sound.
When most I wink, then do my eyes best see, for all the day they view things unrespected, but when I sleep, in dreams they look on thee and darkly bright are bright in dark directed.
When mother scolds you don’t answer back.
When moving for the first time, each pawn can advance one or two squares, provided, of course, that there is more than one free square in front of it.
When multiplying fractions, you must first multiply the numerators. Next, multiply the denominators. Last, you must simplify the fraction if needed.
When must I go on board?
When must I turn in the report?
When must an adverb be used?
When my alarm clock goes off, I always stop it in my sleep.
When my alarm clock goes off, I jump straight out of bed.
When my aunt talks, all I hear is yackety-yak because I couldn't care less about her conspiracy theories!
When my bicycle hit the rock, the front tire blew out.
When my boyfriend found out that I went drinking with some of my guy friends, he got mad at me.
When my brother was young, I often used to take him to the park.
When my children are happy, I'm happy.
When my dad finds out, he won't be happy.
When my dad found out that I've been going out with Nimrod Nick, he blew his top.
When my dad found out that I’ve been going out with Nimrod Nick, he blew his top.
When my dad left the room, my little sister gave me the finger!
When my dad was a kid, he wanted to be a policeman.
When my doctor told me to eat more vegetables, he didn't mean french fries.
When my doctor told me to eat more vegetables, he didn’t mean French fries.
When my family arrived in London, we decided to tour the city itself, instead of going to Stonehenge.
When my family lived in a rented house, in the backyard of it, I played with coconut shells on the sand. I imagined them as habitats on a different planet. The water from the faucet became a river.
When my father came home, I was studying.
When my father came home, I was watching TV.
When my father came, I had eaten my apple.
When my father found out that I've been going out with Nimrod Nick, he got very angry.
When my father gets up every morning, he reads the newspaper.
When my father heard my wife was pregnant, he couldn't have talked a bluer streak.
When my father heard my wife was pregnant, he couldn’t have talked a bluer streak.
When my father was offered a golden handshake, he took it.
When my father was young, he lived in Boston.
When my father went into the hospital, I had to put everything on hold.
When my four other friends and I arrived, he jumped like a grasshopper from the alley leading to his grandfather's house.
When my friends are one-eyed, I look at them in profile.
When my grandfather died, I was six years old, and I can hardly remember him.
When my grandmother passed away and was cremated, her cremains fit into a small box that weighed next to nothing.
When my grandmother was young, her body was very slim. Now in her old age she's grown plump.
When my grandmother went for tests to find out what was wrong with her, the doctors found that she was riddled with cancer.
When my home had an extension built I only had this room fitted with soundproofing and an internal lock.
When my husband cooks, he makes a mess.
When my husband died, I had a lot of difficulties keeping my chin up.
When my interview was postponed until 3, I wandered around killing time.
When my kids ask me what my favorite food is, I always say coffee, even though it isn't a food.
When my left nostril is blocked, I breathe through my right nostril.
When my lungs are not blackened by the cigarettes, they are by pollution.
When my mom finds out, she won't be happy.
When my mom was sick, I took care of her.
When my mother arrives, she will give me some money to buy the books.
When my mother found out I was pregnant, she was shocked.
When my mother was pregnant with me, she had a craving to eat fried eggs mixed with sweets.
When my mother was young, she was very beautiful.
When my neighbor saw me with the plastic bottle I'd just used to water some trees, she asked me jokingly if I was back from a drinking bash.
When my old man kicked the bucket last month, he left me only enough money to pay my debt with.
When my parents get old, I will support them.
When my parents tell me to do something, I usually obey quickly.
When my parents will be dead, it will give me something to celebrate.
When my parents will die, it will be a cause for celebration.
When my romantic partner is menstruating, she needs dark chocolate.
When my son is doing nothing bad, he is sleeping.
When my uncle left for America, many people came to see him off at the airport.
When my uncle visits us, he always gives me money before leaving.
When my wife crosses her arms and taps her foot I know she's angry.
When my wife crosses her arms and taps her foot I know she’s angry.
When my wife finds out, she won't be happy.
When my wife's friend comes to visit, I find it hard to get a word in edgeways.
When night came on, we returned home.
When night comes, I want to be at home.
When night comes, the sun sets and the sky becomes red.
When night fell, she watched the moon.
When no one knows what should happen, everyone says that something has to happen.
When no one sees a way to influence their government to hold CEOs accountable, some people take matters into their own hands.
When nobody knows that something is, it's quite the same as if it were not.
When nobody knows that something is, it’s quite the same as if it were not.
When non-Westerners denounce Western war crimes, they're labeled as retarded ignoramuses who know nothing about politics and history.
When noontide drew nigh they felt more ardently in love than ever; Chloe pined and languished at the sight of Daphnis's comeliness which seemed to be without flaw or blemish, and when Daphnis beheld Chloe in her fawn-skin and with the garland of pine-leaves about her brow holding out the bowl to him, he fancied that he beheld one of the Nymphs of the grotto, and drawing near he took the garland from her head and placed it on his own.
When now the Gods have made proud Ilion fall, / and Asia's power and Priam's race renowned / o'erwhelmed in ruin undeserved, and all / Neptunian Troy lies smouldering on the ground, / in desert lands, to diverse exile bound, / celestial portents bid us forth to fare; / where Ida's heights above Antandros frowned, / a fleet we build, and gather crews, unware / which way the Fates will lead, what home is ours and where.
When oil prices began to drop, all of Algeria's prosperity began to collapse.
When on a spacewalk, astronauts use safety tethers to attach themselves to their spacecraft.
When on earth are you going to do that?
When on earth will spring come?
When one admits that nothing is certain one must, I think, also admit that some things are much more nearly certain than others.
When one announces "My my Tacubaya, if you don't know there don't go there", what this person actually refers to is the absence of governmental paternalism, and in certain areas of the capital, compels others to not attend those places they are unfamiliar with, where they are unaware of the terrain.
When one body exerts a force on a second body, the second body simultaneously exerts a force equal in magnitude and opposite in direction on the first body.
When one conspiracy theorist challenged Buzz Aldrin and called him a liar, Aldrin punched him in the face.
When one does not like someone, one easily believes the bad things that are said about him.
When one door closes, another door opens.
When one door closes, open another one.
When one finishes eating, the other loses his dish.
When one goes to the notary public's office, the following are required.
When one goes to the notary public’s office, the following are required.
When one has a wonderful dream, one doesn't wish to come down to earth.
When one has a wonderful dream, one doesn’t wish to come down to earth.
When one has too many irons in the fire, he doesn't know where to start working.
When one has too many irons in the fire, he doesn’t know where to start working.
When one is hungry, everything tastes good.
When one is in difficulty and comports themselves well, that is a master.
When one is rich he has many friends.
When one is sick, visitors can be rather annoying.
When one leaves, another comes back.
When one lucky spirit abandons you another picks you up. I just passed an exam for a job.
When one meets people online, one must be careful of wolves in sheep's clothing.
When one meets people online, one must be careful of wolves in sheep’s clothing.
When one nation pursues a nuclear weapon, the risk of nuclear attack rises for all nations.
When one occasionally does not forget about work that is not desirable.
When one of my coworkers starts racking up good sales figures I can't let down my guard.
When one of my coworkers starts racking up good sales figures I can’t let down my guard.
When one of the pupils burst out laughing, there was no stopping the others.
When one of us is in trouble, we've got to help him.
When one of us is in trouble, we've got to help them.
When one part of an object is on fire, other parts of that object tend to light on fire as well. This is called a fire.
When one presses this button, the curtain opens automatically.
When one reads her sentences, one hears her accent.
When one reads his sentences, one hears his accent.
When one says things like <<All Colombians are proud of this and that thing>> it is speaking for others.
When one takes a bath, the telephone rings.
When one would be filial, one's parents are gone.
When one would be filial, one’s parents are gone.
When only death remains, the last resort is to beg for food.
When operating a boat, lead by example and reduce your speed in areas frequented by marine wildlife, anchor properly and encourage others to do the same.
When operating the unit, play in a well-lit room and keep a safe distance from the screen.
When other people point out my mistakes, I blame myself.
When our class performed a play, I took charge of stage effects.
When our eyes met, I felt like I knew her for longtime.
When our parents aren't there, my younger brother takes on a completely different manner.
When our ship entered the port, she was no better than a raft.
When out at sea, to keep the fish that is caught from spoiling, it is immediately refrigerated.
When out of tourist season, the tickets will be cheap.
When out on the lawn there arose such a clatter, I sprang from the bed to see what was the matter.
When parents are far away from their children, there is nothing they can do about their safety or welfare.
When parents entrust their sick children to a hospital staff, Dr. Daniel Benjamin of Duke University says most parents are unaware of this disturbing fact.
When parents get old in Japan, they are customarily looked after by their children.
When participants were sought at the end of June all, about 500, seats were reserved in under a week.
When partners can't agree, their dealings come to naught and trouble is their labour's only fruit.
When passing someone in a narrow space, do you face them or turn your back?
When people agree with me, I always get the feeling that I must be wrong.
When people are being put into a hypnotic state for the first time I often, after placing them in a very light hypnotic state, wake them and ask them to compare their wakening state to that when hypnotised.
When people are killed, they die.
When people are money-hungry, they're actually power-hungry.
When people are rude to me, it bothers me greatly.
When people are talking, don't interrupt.
When people are too well off they always begin to long for something new.
When people around the world see the American flag, it should be attached to packages of lifesaving aid, not drones and bombs.
When people ask me how I'm doing, I have a hard time not giving them an honest answer.
When people ask me if I have any spare change, I tell them I have it at home in my spare wallet.
When people assumed that nothing stranger than Volapük could exist, Esperanto emerged.
When people believed that there couldn't be anything stranger than Volapük, Esperanto emerged.
When people call others "idiots", often what they really mean is, "I don't agree with them."
When people came out of the factory in the evening, their faces looked white and ill.
When people count their blessings, they can say it like this: "I am thankful for my family. I am thankful for my friends. I am thankful for my health."
When people first landed on the moon in 1969, it was believed to be completely dry.
When people first landed on the moon in 1969, it was believed to be completely dry. But observations from Earth and spacecraft since then have revealed evidence of ice and hydration in a variety of regions.
When people hear Algiers, what comes to their minds?
When people know how awesome you are, no one can make you look bad.
When people meet, first impressions determine more than 50 percent of whatever happens next.
When people no longer need you, they just throw you away like an old toy.
When people no longer want to read their poets, they celebrate them.
When people read and watch sci-fi, they learn about cultural relativism.
When people said that Tom had married Mary only because her uncle had left her a fortune, he answered that he would have done so regardless of who had left her the inheritance.
When people speak to each other, they often use their faces and voices to give a lot of information.
When people start comparing themselves with those who are already successful, it generally has a discouraging effect on them.
When people start comparing themselves with those who've already succeeded, it becomes a big factor of demotivation for them.
When people take them to task for their insufferable rudeness, they hide behind the phrase "free speech".
When people use the word "ironic", they may mean "comically incongruous".
When people we know die before they get old, we wonder why.
When perfectionists don't reach their goals, they often become depressed.
When performing a procedure, close the door and the curtain to give the patient privacy.
When photographer Edward Steichen unveiled the original collection of 508 photographs he intended it to convey both the human condition and the universality of mankind.
When pigs fly!
When pigs fly.
When pimple face uses the bathroom, it takes him at least two hours!
When planning a trip, we have to take into account the wishes of all the members of the family.
When playing chess, be careful not to lose your queen.
When political power is centralized, even the most basic freedoms can quietly disappear.
When politicians give the impression that they don't control the situation, markets get nervous.
When poverty comes in at the door, love flies out at the window.
When poverty comes in at the door, love flies out the window.
When poverty knocks at your frontdoor, loves escapes through the backdoor.
When poverty shows itself, even mischievous boys understand what it means.
When poverty walks in the door, love flies out the window.
When practicing at home, the aspiring bartender had to use a potato peeler to zest lemons.
When preparations are completed, it will be carried out at once.
When principled, denying the right of Israel to exist isn't always antisemitic.
When push comes to shove, a family will close ranks to protect one of their own.
When rain's fallen and the soil is moist, it becomes easier to pull out weeds.
When rain’s fallen and the soil is moist, it becomes easier to pull out weeds.
When rating a restaurant, there is only one question that needs to be asked: Did I experience projectile vomiting and/or violent diarrhea after eating there? Check.
When reading certain comments, people can completely lose faith in humanity.
When real life friends desert us, books are always ready to offer friendship, sympathy and motivation.
When really lively music starts playing, I start dancing unconsciously.
When refined, crude oil yields many products.
When rennet is added, heated milk curdles, and the curds separate from the liquid whey.
When replying, quote the reference number above.
When riding a bus or a train, you need to pay the fare.
When riding the escalator, please hold the handrail and stand inside the yellow line.
When rumors get old, they become myths.
When salt is mixed with water, it dissolves.
When sautéing vegetables, it is important to use a non-stick pan.
When school was dismissed and the children had gone Anne dropped wearily into her chair.
When school was dismissed and the children had gone Anne dropped wearily into her chair. Her head ached and she felt woefully discouraged.
When school was over, we went home.
When science is boring or hard to learn, people shy away from it. That's why many U.S. universities sponsor road shows staffed with educators who try to make science fun. One of the largest and best-known outreach programs is The Little Shop of Physics at Colorado State University. Founded by CSU Physics professor Brian Jones in 1991, this toyshop for scientists produces gadgets and gizmos that turn concepts like magnetism and osmosis into something kids can actually get their hands on.
When science shall have described all that is knowable in the universe, then God will be complete, if we take the word God as synonymous with the totality of existence.
When science was less important than it is now, it was all very well to leave science to the scientists.
When seawater freezes, the ice contains very little salt because only the water part freezes. It can be melted down to use as drinking water.
When sebum mixes with bacteria on the skin, it can create a bad smell.
When seen in the perspective of half-a-dozen years or more, the best of our fashions strike us as grotesque, if not unsightly.
When seen through a telescope, Saturn is one of the most beautiful sights in the night sky.
When shall I be free?
When shall I call on you this afternoon?
When shall I come for you?
When shall I hand in the report?
When shall I return the book?
When shall we do that?
When shall we eat?
When shall we get together next?
When shall we go swimming?
When shall we go to London?
When shall we go?
When shall we have the party?
When shall we leave for the party?
When shall we leave?
When shall we meet again?
When shall we three meet again? In thunder, in lightning, or in rain?
When shall you stop telling us off?
When she allied with them, few allied with others.
When she appeared in court, she was wearing a sort of crown.
When she arrived at the station, she rang up her mother.
When she arrived, I wasn't in reception.
When she arrives, talk to her.
When she arrives, we'll start.
When she asked him if he was tired, he answered yes.
When she asked him what was so unusual about him, he showed her his wallet.
When she asked him whether he was tired, he answered yes.
When she asked if he was tired, he replied that he was.
When she awoke, she felt terribly cold.
When she awoke, the family was there.
When she became a nun, she took the name Sister Teresa.
When she became pregnant, they married and moved to the United States.
When she began to speak, her voice was less dry than it had been.
When she began to stutter, her classmates couldn't help laughing.
When she began to stutter, her classmates couldn’t help laughing.
When she called, I jumped up.
When she came back she had hundreds of things to tell them, but the most delightful of all, she said, was to lie in the moonlight, on a sandbank in a calm sea, and to gaze at the large town close to the shore, where the lights twinkled like hundreds of stars; to listen to music and the noise and bustle of carriages and people, to see the many church towers and spires, and to hear the bells ringing.
When she came home in the evening, her mother was doing the washing up.
When she came in, he'd already finished lunch.
When she came in, we were finishing the main dish.
When she came inside, we had finished eating dinner.
When she came into his life, he became oblivious of everybody else.
When she came to Berlin to study, she was still very young.
When she came to her mother-in-law, she said, "How did it go, my daughter?"
When she came to the path through the marsh a great part of it was wet and muddy, she threw the loaf into the mud for a stepping-stone, to get over with dry shoes.
When she came to the place where the footpath led across the marsh, she found small pools of water, and a great deal of mud, so she threw the loaf of bread into the mud, and walked upon it, so that she might pass without wetting her feet.
When she came to the place where the footpath led across the moor, she found small pools of water, and a great deal of mud, so she threw the loaf into the mud, and trod upon it, that she might pass without wetting her feet.
When she catches a cold, she often develops bronchitis.
When she churns the milk, the Kabyle mother intones the lullaby which says: "Gouchla gechoula, my baby will go to the fountain, find an omelet there, and will not give it to anyone, other than his darling mother."
When she comes back, her father will have already found out about her love affair.
When she comes here, tell her that I forgot to bring the books.
When she comes of age, they are going to get married.
When she comes, we'll eat.
When she converted to Islam, she expected a lot of support from her husband.
When she cried, he felt like a heel.
When she dies or her productivity declines, worker bees raise a new queen.
When she discovered the dinosaur emerging from obscurity in the rock formations of South Dakota in the early 1990s, it was only the beginning of the T-rex’s long journey that included seizure by federal authorities and ultimately an auction at Sotheby’s in New York.
When she does something, she does it well.
When she dumped me, the shock of it was like a huge gong going off and scrambling all my thoughts.
When she entered the ball-room, in her wondrous dress of moon-beams, she looked so lovely, so different from all the other guests, that everyone wondered who she was, and no one could tell where she had come from.
When she entered the kitchen, no one was there.
When she entered the room, he got to his feet.
When she entered the room, he stood up.
When she entered the room, she smiled at me affably.
When she falls in love, she looks depressed.
When she fell, she hit her elbow.
When she finally decided to appear on the stage, the public greeted her with whistles.
When she finds out, she won't be happy.
When she first saw the size of it, my naive girlfriend was blown away.
When she found him, love smiled on her.
When she found out that her husband was cheating on her with a married woman, Mary immediately filed for divorce.
When she gets back, I'll ask her to call you.
When she goes to Paris she always sleeps in the same hotel.
When she goes to a clothing store, she spends more than half an hour in the dressing room.
When she goes to the Islamic school, she always covers up.
When she goes to the Islamic school, she always covers.
When she got his photos, she was shocked and offended.
When she got home she removed her headscarf.
When she got lost, she wished she had followed his advice.
When she got to the town gates, and saw the young men and maids gossiping round the pond, and her mother sitting among them with a bundle of sticks she had picked up in the woods, Inge turned away. She was ashamed that one so fine as herself should have such a ragged old woman, who picked up sticks, for her mother.
When she grew older, the 15-year-old discovered the joy of sewing.
When she had done her work, she used to go into the chimney corner, and sit down among the cinders, hence she was called Cinderwench. The younger sister of the two, who was not so rude and uncivil as the elder, called her Cinderella.
When she had drunk a little wine and he had drunk a good deal, the farce of indifference came to its end.
When she had gone Mr. Harrison watched her from the window . . . a lithe, girlish shape, tripping lightheartedly across the fields in the sunset afterglow.
When she had the stomach flu, she would get nauseous anytime anything hit her alimentary canal.
When she has a headache, the slightest noise irritates her.
When she heard it, she got very excited.
When she heard it, she just cried.
When she heard that they were so happy, and so well off, envy and hatred rose in her heart and left her no peace, and she thought of nothing but how she could bring them again to misfortune.
When she heard that, she broke into tears.
When she heard that, she felt like crying.
When she heard that, she turned pale.
When she heard that, she was offended.
When she heard the bad news, she fainted.
When she heard the news, she broke down crying.
When she heard the news, she burst into tears.
When she heard the news, she burst with joy and couldn’t hold back her tears.
When she heard the news, she leaped from her chair.
When she heard the news, she sighed disappointedly.
When she heard the news, she turned pale.
When she heard the news, she was not happy.
When she heard the news, she was very surprised.
When she heard this Elsa grew white with horror, for she thought she was selling her soul to the evil one.
When she insulted me, all I could do was see red.
When she isn't here, everything goes badly.
When she isn't there, everything goes badly.
When she joined with them, few joined with others.
When she kissed me, I felt she was being sincere with me.
When she left me, she said she'd never forget me.
When she lit the gas, there was a loud explosion.
When she looked up, she saw a handsome young man looking down at her from his balcony.
When she looked, he shut the door and locked her into the totally dark closet.
When she looked, the men were building the way.
When she looks at me, my brain turns off. When she talks to me, I start stuttering. And when she smiles at me, I all but faint. I love her!
When she moved to live next to the sea in Barcelona, the native New Yorker posted some videos on TikTok encouraging others to help rid the beach of cigarette butts and plastic bottles but did not hold out much hope it would catch on.
When she moved to live next to the sea in Barcelona, the native New Yorker posted some videos on TikTok encouraging others to help rid the beach of cigarette butts and plastic bottles.
When she noticed that the man followed after her, she began to become frightened.
When she opened her eyes I was the first person she saw.
When she opened her eyes, Tom was gone.
When she opened her heart to him, it was already too late.
When she plays, there are a lot of wrong notes.
When she reached the flower of her youth, Echo danced with the Nymphs, and sang with the Muses.
When she returned home from school, she began to help her mother in the kitchen.
When she returned to her room, the diamond ring was gone.
When she returns from work, her husband is already home, and they can have supper together.
When she rollerblades, the echo can be heard throughout the palace courtyard.
When she rollerblades, you can hear the echo throughout the palace courtyard.
When she said "I missed you" she began to cry.
When she saw Ozawa's face, she became red up to the base of her ears.
When she saw her daughter wearing a hijab, she was aghast.
When she saw her test score, she burst into tears.
When she saw herself discovered, she gibbered, made mouths, and pointed at them with her bloody fingers, with the frantic gestures of an exulting demoniac.
When she saw me naked, she burst out laughing.
When she saw me naked, she started laughing.
When she saw me, she held my hand so tight, looked me in eyes and told me: "I love you."
When she saw me, she ran away.
When she saw me, she was embarrassed.
When she saw my face, she started to cry.
When she saw that it was raining, she took her brolly with her.
When she saw that it was raining, she took her umbrella with her.
When she saw that the little girl was drowning, she jumped in the water immediately to save her.
When she saw that the people were hungry, she begged for food for them.
When she saw that they had no schools, she started one.
When she saw the ghost, her hair stood on end.
When she saw the gorgeous coat, Julie decided to buy it.
When she saw the gunman, Soraya nearly had a fit.
When she saw the lengths he'd gone to to get all dressed up, she couldn't help letting a brief chuckle escape.
When she saw the lengths he’d gone to to get all dressed up, she couldn’t help letting a brief chuckle escape.
When she saw the marks all over the wall, she wanted to throttle the toddler.
When she saw the photo, old memories came flooding back.
When she saw those shelves full of old books, she just left me standing there in the street and disappeared into the shop for hours.
When she sees the lorry, she takes the rubbish out.
When she sewed, he thought, she made a sound like a kettle on the hob; bubbling, murmuring, always busy, her strong little pointed fingers pinching and poking; her needle flashing straight.
When she smiled, the children saw her long grey teeth.
When she smiles, I feel like melting.
When she smiles, the weapons are silent.
When she sneezed, her boobs popped out.
When she speaks Berber, she sounds childish.
When she squeezes my ass in public, it really gets my heartbeat going.
When she started talking to me about losing her lenses, I had a feeling of déjà vu - it seemed as though she'd told me the story previously.
When she starts to cry, what shall I do with her?
When she told him that she was a level 120 night elf priest, Tom told Mary to get a life.
When she told me she couldn't walk, I offered my arm.
When she told me that she was pregnant, I almost had a heart attack.
When she told you her plan, were you taken aback?
When she turned up, the party was over.
When she turns right, she'll come to the museum.
When she united with them, few united with others.
When she wakes up, the others learn why the actress so often holds her gold locket close to her heart.
When she walked through the door, my heart began to beat faster.
When she walked up the stairs she saw the horrific sight.
When she was a kid, Mary used to take great delight in dressing her little brother up as a girl.
When she was a student, she used to go to the disco often.
When she was a student, she went to the disco once only.
When she was a student, she went to the disco only once.
When she was a student, she worked as a truck driver.
When she was a teenager, she got pregnant.
When she was abroad, she often used Skype.
When she was at university, Yuriko abandoned herself to sexual passion.
When she was back, she said you were playing truant and they wanted to throw you out of the school.
When she was finished ironing, Mary switched off the iron and unplugged it, then left it alone for a while to let it cool.
When she was forty, she could speak sixteen languages.
When she was four, she knew how to read.
When she was in Los Angeles, she had at least six different jobs.
When she was in elementary school, the teacher often scolded her.
When she was in kindergarten, all the boys used to call her "princess".
When she was late, I felt like scolding her, but I held my tongue.
When she was my girlfriend, I remember that I was very controlling.
When she was pregnant with Francesca, Anna didn't smoke, but she started again afterwards.
When she was quite tiny, her greatest delight was to catch flies and pull their wings off, to make creeping insects of them.
When she was reading the letter, she looked sad.
When she was thirteen, she ran away from home.
When she was three years old, her father died.
When she was twenty, she could speak seven languages.
When she was young, Anna was not considered to have any special talent for languages; later, however, with a great deal of passion and diligence, she developed her skills considerably.
When she was young, she participated in the student movement of anti-authoritarianism.
When she was young, she preferred coffee to Japanese tea.
When she was young, she was very beautiful.
When she was young, she was very popular.
When she was young, she would never eat anything fattening.
When she was your age she never left me alone.
When she wears a Kabyle dress, she looks like her mother.
When she wears glasses, she looks like a teacher.
When she wears glasses, she looks like her mother.
When she went to Oshima by sea, she got seasick and brought up all she had eaten.
When she went to bed, she took off her fake teeth and glass eye, since when her granddaughter got close to her, she was scared half to death.
When she woke next morning, very early, it was still dark.
When she woke the next morning, she went straight to the window to see whether the first snow had fallen.
When she yelled at the dog, it slunk away home.
When she's absent, everything goes badly.
When she's an adult, she'll be a famous pianist.
When she's in a particularly good mood, she sings in the bath.
When shot at, the dove dove into the bushes.
When should I be here?
When should I be there?
When should I be worried about nausea?
When should I be worried about unexpected weight loss?
When should I call?
When should I come again?
When should I come back?
When should I come to pick you up tomorrow?
When should I do that?
When should I do this?
When should I expect you?
When should I feed my dog?
When should I feed the dog?
When should I finish my homework, Mr Jewel?
When should I leave?
When should I phone back?
When should I pick you up tomorrow?
When should I return the car?
When should I ring back?
When should I start thinking about retirement?
When should I start?
When should I stop feeding my dog puppy food?
When should I take the medicine?
When should I visit you?
When should dinner be held?
When should the three of us meet again? In thunder, lightning, or in rain?
When should we be at the airport?
When should we check out?
When should we come to Boston?
When should we do that?
When should we eat?
When should we go to the store?
When should we leave?
When should we make reservations?
When should we meet?
When should we plant the pepper seeds?
When should we talk to Tom?
When should we tell Tom this?
When should we tell Tom?
When should we tell her?
When should we tell him?
When should we tell them?
When shown the phrase "Mary had a a little lamb", many people perceive what they expect, and miss the repeated word. Did you?
When skipping words in a quote, put an ellipsis in square brackets, like so: "Tom went [...] to the train station".
When sleeping children don't breathe properly, it can lead to serious behavioral and emotional problems, according to a new study.
When small men begin to cast big shadows, it means that the sun is about to set.
When somebody praises you, remember to be your own judge; do not trust others about you more than you about yourself.
When somebody praises you, remember to be your own judge; do not trust what others think of you more than what you think of yourself.
When somebody rebukes him for anything, he easily takes offence.
When somebody runs a red light, they risk causing an accident.
When someone asks "why", the last reply they want is "because...".
When someone becomes neurotic about pens and paper clips, it's a sure sign they're cracking up.
When someone becomes neurotic about pens and paper clips, it’s a sure sign they’re cracking up.
When someone dies, in addition to the pain of loss, one of the hardest things to bear is thinking about what was not said, done and experienced.
When someone diverts water, there is some run-off.
When someone forgets you, do not bother him.
When someone goes out of themselves and returns to normal, they cannot remember anything.
When someone hands you a gun, you should always assume that it's loaded.
When someone has hiccups, some tell him that he stole the cat's share of meat.
When someone ignores you, do not bother him.
When someone ignores you, forget about him.
When someone insults you, say nothing.
When someone is asymptomatic, they don't show any signs of being sick, but they have the virus and can spread it to others.
When someone is diabetic, they excrete sugar in their urine.
When someone is stuttering, don't finish their sentences for them. Let them finish it.
When someone is symptomatic, that person has visible signs of being sick.
When someone is symptomatic, that person has visible signs of being sick. With COVID-19, that means a cough, fever and difficulty breathing.
When someone is unemployed they receive unemployment support or unemployment money.
When someone is very poor they receive financial support, either Hartz IV or Social help.
When someone learns a foreign language, one must relearn everything they've learned up until that point.
When someone loves you, the way they say your name is different.. You just know that your name is safe in their mouth. When you love somebody, your eyelashes will go up and down little stars come out of you.
When someone makes a request to you: "Tell me honestly...", you realize in horror that now you're likely going to have to lie a lot.
When someone practices sport his lungs get bigger.
When someone shows you who they are, believe them the first time.
When someone speaks with such rhetorical flourish, it starts to sound like they're lying.
When someone speaks with such rhetorical flourish, it starts to sound like they’re lying.
When someone talks about big numbers in English, I can't understand whether they are using long scale or short scale. If you want to help me understand, please comment under this sentence.
When someone tells you "Your French is so good", it means you've still got a ways to go.
When someone's piles of money run up against their clearly imprudent actions, it stands to reason that their piles of money did not come from their brilliant mind.
When someone's upset, it's best to stay quiet.
When something becomes useful, it stops being beautiful.
When something comes to an end, you can start anew.
When something does not make sense, it does not add up.
When something is everyone's responsibility, it's no one's responsibility.
When something starts off bad, it ends worse.
When space expands, what is it expanding into?
When speaking about your superiors' actions, you use respectful language.
When speaking about your superiors’ actions, you use respectful language.
When speaking in Japan, it may seem like you're not listening if you do not respond while somebody speaks to you.
When speaking in Japan, it may seem like you’re not listening if you do not respond while somebody speaks to you.
When speaking to an international audience, it is perhaps best to speak English a little slower than usual.
When spring arrived, the snow melted.
When spring arrives the days will get longer.
When spring arrives, I am going to take up a new sport.
When spring arrives, I'm going to take up a new sport.
When spring arrives, I’m going to take up a new sport.
When spring arrives, we are always very happy and experience it so strongly, as if we were living it for the first time in our lives.
When spring came Jason went home to Greece.
When spring comes, it gets warm.
When spring comes, people go out to pick wild plants.
When spring comes, the days get longer day by day.
When spring comes, the days will become longer each time.
When spring comes, the flowers on trees will bloom.
When spring comes, they dig up the fields and plant seeds.
When spring comes, they plow the fields and plant seeds.
When spring sets in, the flowers smell sweet.
When squeezed, Tom's spot secreted pus.
When squeezing past someone, do you give them the butt or the crotch?
When stars similar in mass to the Sun evolve into red giants, the penultimate phase of their stellar lives, their outer layers expand by 10 or more times.
When starting out, don't stress too much over the little details and what you don't understand about something, or else you'll never feel like you're making any progress.
When starting something, there is necessarily some confusion. The first time you enter a classroom, the first time you drive on the road, the first time you work part-time, the first time you like someone... there are many “firsts” in life.
When starting your journey at a station where ticket buying facilities are available, it is your responsibility to buy or activate a valid ticket for the journey before boarding a train.
When stating the price to customers, Japanese clerks often type the number on a calculator and hold it up.
When straight, down-swooping from the hills meanwhile / the Harpies flap their clanging wings, and tear / the food, and all with filthy touch defile, / and, mixt with screams, uprose a sickening stench and vile.
When students aren't afraid, they ask more questions.
When studying a language, one must work hard and not worry about making mistakes, because by making mistakes you can get better.
When stupidity is considered patriotism, it is unsafe to be intelligent.
When submitting a new sentence, feel free to add usage notes or tag requests in a comment below it.
When suddenly faced with a dangerous situation, hold your horses - make sure of the proper action, then act.
When sued for defamation, Sidney Powell offered the defense that no reasonable person would believe anything she says.
When sued for defamation, Tucker Carlson offered the defense that no reasonable person would believe anything he says.
When summer comes, it'll become hot.
When summer is over, the days grow shorter and shorter.
When surrounded by war, one must eventually choose a side.
When swallows leave North Africa, they generally go to West Africa.
When taken to an extreme, in Tatoeba, "yes" could be related to "no" through different translations.
When taking a polygraph test can you be telling the truth and because you are nervous it shows that it's a lie?
When taking antibiotics, one should not consume alcohol.
When taking drugs, follow the directions on the bottle carefully.
When taking on projects and personal tasks, you either put your 100 percent in or you don't.
When talking about copyright, I guess we need Tom!
When talking about his hobby, he always puts on a serious expression.
When talking about your last results, it is dependent on the last examination.
When talking naturally, or to myself, I code switch between French and English.
When talking with the police, you shouldn't make up stories or lie.
When tar precedes honey in the mouth, the latter becomes useless.
When tea was over Anne insisted on washing the dishes.
When teaching a student, do not enlighten him until he wishes to understand what he could not. Do not inspire him until he wishes to express but could not. When teaching him one side of a solution, if he could not discover the other three sides, then do not teach him again.
When teaching, men learn.
When that medical clinic discloses our health information to third parties, I wonder if those third parties actually follow the privacy rules.
When the 7th century came around, most Berbers converted to Islam.
When the 8-year-old was found dead, the entire city was rocked to its core.
When the Algerian wants to build mosques all over the world, the Kabyle seeks to integrate.
When the All Blacks came out onto the field a roar like 'woooaahh' swept over the crowd.
When the All Blacks came out onto the field a roar like ’woooaahh’ swept over the crowd.
When the Americans were colonized by the British Kingdom, the Kabyles were independent! Twist of fate, would you say?
When the Berber teacher handed me the exam, I was blank.
When the COVID-19 virus attacks, it turns the patient's own cells into virus factories.
When the Child of Nazareth was born, the sun, according to the Bosnian legend, leaped in the heavens, and the stars around it danced.
When the Earth passes through an orbiting stream of debris from a comet that has broken up, what's known as a meteor shower occurs. Meteor showers take place on about the same dates each year.
When the Earth was formed about 4.6 billion years ago, days were about 6 hours long.
When the Englishman heard this last question, he could not believe his ears.
When the Father asked the bride to repeat the oath, she stayed silent.
When the French came in to colonize Algeria, they came in hard.
When the Incas were conquered by the Spanish about four hundred years ago, some of the Incas left Cuzco and went to Machu Picchu in the heart of Peru.
When the Islamic State terror group swept across northern Iraq in 2014, they tried to wipe out the Yazidi people, a minority ethnic group that had lived in the mountains for millennia. Thousands of men were killed, and women and girls were forcibly enslaved. The ancient Yazidi culture was at risk of being eradicated.
When the Japanese 所 (ところ) is used grammatically instead of for its lexical meaning, it works well to communicate the state of an action. For example, the word is almost equivalent to "about to" in English, that is, when used after a plain verb. After a past tense verb, it means something more like "just", such as in "I just got done." Here, an action is indicated as having only been done recently. Fascinatingly, it could also mean "upon", such as when saying "Upon doing it, something happened." After a verb in the progressive, 所 emphasizes that the action is currently happening.
When the King set out on his expedition she shut herself up with her ladies in her own apartments, and spent her time in spinning and weaving, and in thinking of her royal husband.
When the Lord and Heavenly Father gave Adam and Eve the garden he said, “Go forth, till, work this ground, make it beautiful.”
When the Lord puts us in certain circumstances He doesn't mean for us to imagine them away.
When the Mensheviks were combined with the Jewish Labor Bund, the Bolsheviks were in the minority.
When the Methymnaean commander had proceeded rather more than a league, he found his men very weary with the rowing, and wished to afford them some rest.
When the Methymnaeans found themselves thus deprived of their barque, and of all the property which it contained, they inquired for the goatherd, and finding him to be Daphnis, they began to strip him and beat him. One of them even took a dog-leash, and bending Daphnis's arms behind his back, prepared to bind him.
When the Moon and Sun are in a perfect line, it is called a total eclipse. These are very rare. Most people only see one in their lifetime.
When the Nazis came for the communists, I said nothing, because I was not a communist.
When the Nazis came for the communists, I said nothing, because I was not a communist. When they locked up the social democrats, I said nothing, because I was not a social democrat. When they came for the trade unionists, I said nothing, because I was not a trade unionist. When they came for me, there was no one left who could protest.
When the Persians said they would fire so many arrows that they would darken the sky, Leonidas, King of Sparta, is reported to have replied, "Better, for then we will fight in the shade."
When the President took office in 2017, he signed deals promising billions of dollars in foreign investment to help revive the moribund economy but the funds never materialized.
When the Russian Emperor is fishing, Europe may wait.
When the Russians give back Donetsk to the Ukrainians, there won't be a single building left standing.
When the Second Men had remained in their strange racial trance for about thirty million years, the obscure forces that make for advancement began to stir in them once more. This reawakening was favoured by geological accident. An incursion of the sea gradually isolated some of their number in an island continent, which was once part of the North Atlantic ocean-bed. The climate of this island gradually cooled from subtropical to temperate and sub-arctic.
When the Three Wise Men rode from the East into the West on that "first, best Christmas night," they bore on their saddle-bows three caskets filled with gold and frankincense and myrrh, to be laid at the feet of the manger-cradled babe of Bethlehem.
When the Tsar saw the linen he was struck with astonishment at its fineness and beauty.
When the U.S. Census Bureau makes racial distinctions, it says they are a reflection of the country's prevailing social attitudes, rather than an attempt to define race "biologically, anthropologically, or genetically."
When the U.S. sneezes, Japan catches cold.
When the United States elected a climate doubter as president, some observers thought that Beijing would back away from action on climate change.
When the United States loses a war, it's not all Americans who lose it. Some billionaires like Bush's friends have earned billions from the wars fought by the United States in the last ten years.
When the University of Dayton in Ohio announced Tuesday it would close student housing the next day and send students home, some said they were unsure where to go next.
When the Venus de Milo was entire, there were arms on the statue.
When the West destroyed Iraq and Afghanistan to the ground, no one talked about international law.
When the West imposes sanctions to destroy other nations, it prefers to be referred to as the "international community."
When the West is helping Ukraine financially, it's dumping money down the toilet.
When the West wants to destroy some nation, it refers to itself as the "international community."
When the World Wildlife Fund was founded in 1961, it took the panda as its symbol.
When the accident happened, he fortunately wasn't in the car.
When the accident happened, he fortunately wasn't sitting in the car.
When the accountant was arrested, rumour had it that it was for his creative bookkeeping.
When the alarm clock goes off, I don’t move.
When the ambulance arrived, nurses gave him mouth-to-mouth resuscitation.
When the angels sleep.
When the antecedent is this, that, these or those it is usual to use 'which'.
When the antecedent is this, that, these or those it is usual to use ’which’.
When the apostle Paul wrote about destroying God's temple, he had a lot of history running through his mind.
When the articles of incorporation are complete it is essential to go to the notary public's office to undertake certification of the articles drawn up.
When the articles of incorporation are complete it is essential to go to the notary public’s office to undertake certification of the articles drawn up.
When the ball was dead, Luis ran up to the ball and booted it.
When the ball was over, the princess drove away in her carriage at full speed, for she wished to get home in time to change her ball dress into the bear's skin, and the carriage into the wheel-barrow, before anyone discovered who she was.
When the balloon pops, after several hours of ascent, a parachute attached to the ozonesonde is deployed, and additional readings of the ozone profile are taken during its descent. With both ascent and descent profiles of the ozone distribution, we are able to accurately describe the shape and size of the ozone hole on a day-by-day basis.
When the band took the stage, the crowd went wild.
When the bartender totals the bill for a customer who is drunk and angry, he must be very careful to mind his P's and Q's.
When the bartender totals the bill for a customer who is drunk and angry, he must be very careful to mind his P’s and Q’s.
When the bat bit him, the boy was scared to death, thinking that now he was a vampire.
When the battle ended, not a Texan was left alive.
When the battle is over, there are a lot of brave people.
When the bear started dancing, a tear ran down the mother's cheek once she realized how much the poor animal must be suffering.
When the bees one day vanish from the earth, there will be only four years of life left for humans. Without bees, there will be no more pollenation, no more plants, no more animals, no more humans.
When the bell rang, John ran into the classroom.
When the bell rang, the audience took their seats.
When the bell rang, the pupils went out into the playground to play.
When the bell rang, the teacher dismissed the class with an uncovered pleasure.
When the bell rang, the teacher ended the class.
When the bell rang, we all got up to run out for lunch.
When the bell rings, he'll start strong and Luciano will lose quickly.
When the bell rings, he’ll start strong and Luciano will lose quickly.
When the big earthquake happened, I was only ten.
When the big earthquake occurred, I was just ten.
When the binary stars were discovered, the discovery was hailed as a proof of the universal prevalence of the law of gravitation.
When the boat docked, a man stepped out, his features drawn by fatigue.
When the body is touched, receptors in the skin send messages to the brain causing the release of chemicals such as endorphins.
When the bomb exploded, I happened to be there.
When the bomb was dropped, I felt the house rock back and forth.
When the bombs fell on our harbor and tyranny threatened the world, she was there to witness a generation rise to greatness, and a democracy was saved. Yes, we can.
When the book was written, it generated a lot of controversy.
When the boss checks our expenses it can be pretty dicey. He knows how to read between the lines.
When the boss finds out, heads are going to roll.
When the boss found out how Tom had treated Mary, he fired him.
When the boy came in contact with the hot stove, he burned his hand.
When the boy saw what Tom had done to him, he started crying.
When the boys go camping, they enjoy living in a primitive way.
When the breaker tripped and it became pitch black, the baby got scared and started crying.
When the budget was tight, we had to make do with less.
When the bullfighter left, the previous racket was silenced.
When the bus came, Yanni hopped on and took a seat towards the front.
When the bus came, she got on.
When the bus stopped, he didn't get on it and he walked on.
When the bus swerved to miss a cat, the driver said, "That was a close call."
When the bus swerved to miss a cat, the driver said, "That was a close one!"
When the bus swerved to miss a cat, the driver said, "That was close."
When the cake was ready for baking they put it on the fire, and covered it with hot ashes, till it was cooked through.
When the call is finished, a senior director in the Situation Room reviews the notes and transcript.
When the calm night came softly down over Green Gables the old house was hushed and tranquil.
When the captain commands, the crew must obey.
When the cat is away, the mice will play.
When the cat is blind, the mouse becomes bold.
When the cat is not there, the mice are dancing.
When the cat leaves, the rat dances.
When the cat scratches, redirect her to a scratching post.
When the cat's away clean the kitty litter.
When the cat's away the mice will play.
When the cat's away, the mice come out and jump up and down on the table.
When the cat's away, the mice do play.
When the cat's away, the mice will play.
When the cat’s away, the mice do play.
When the cat’s away, the mice will play.
When the chest is too compressed, one can have a hard time breathing.
When the chickens are flat as pancakes, then again the tractor must have been faster than them.
When the chime rings, everyone stands up at once.
When the chips are down, the only one you can count on is yourself.
When the choice is between shit and shit lite, shit usually wins.
When the city had been captured, Aeneas fled.
When the city was liberated, people lined the streets throwing confetti.
When the clock strikes four, I leave.
When the clock struck at midnight, just like that, Cinderella's fancy carriage changed back into a pumpkin.
When the clock tower struck ten, the stork flew off to Africa.
When the coarse sieve laughs at the fine sieve, the sheepskin rug smiles mischievously.
When the cold days arrived, I was overcome by blues.
When the cold winter began, the old man's health deteriorated.
When the cold winter began, the old man’s health deteriorated.
When the company refused to increase their wages, they walked out.
When the concert ended, Robert came up to Sandra and told her about his feelings.
When the concert was over, the stout, pink lady--who was the wife of an American millionaire--took her under her wing, and introduced her to everybody.
When the concrete is hard, we use an electric drill instead of a pin chisel.
When the cops checked up on Yanni, Skura smelt trouble.
When the cops raided the underage drinking party, Tom threw the whiskey bottle on the ground and yelled, "Scatter!"
When the cops searched Martino's room, they found a secret room.
When the counter value reaches the assigned 'lucky-number' it displays a congratulatory message.
When the counter value reaches the assigned ’lucky-number’ it displays a congratulatory message.
When the court suspended the ban, it said the measure infringed on the protesters' fundamental rights more than was reasonably necessary.
When the cow flies high and the ox flies low, there probably is a twister.
When the creatures below the ice die, they sink to the bottom of the ocean and provide nutrients for sponges, sea anemones, and other bottom dwelling creatures.
When the crest was born, the Jew cried.
When the crew saw Tom unconscious and naked, they couldn't conceal their surprise.
When the crew saw Tom unconscious and naked, they couldn't hide their surprise.
When the curtain went up, the stage was dark.
When the day broke, the cold was intense, and the sharp north wind was parching everything.
When the day dawned and the cloudlets clustered red about the rising sun, the warm rays would fall upon her giving to her some hue of life, and Pygmalion's heart would beat high with the hope that a miracle had been wrought, and that his love at last had kindled a soul akin to his own in the marble statue before him.
When the days shorten and temperatures cool, we spend less time in sunshine, therefore absorbing less vitamin D which in turn reduces fat breakdown and triggers fat storage.
When the days start to get longer, winter starts to get harsher.
When the desire for leisure is stronger than the other urges, leisure wins.
When the devil opened the door, I forgot to be afraid.
When the dictionary of the etymology of Hungarian words was compiled, the word "fool", in Hungarian "bolond", was followed by the word "bolshevik", according to the Hungarian alphabet. This was not to be tolerated, so the word "bolonyik" was inserted, which is a rarely used word meaning herbsmith.
When the doctor came in, Ziri looked at him.
When the dog comes, a stone cannot be found. When the stone is found, the dog does not come.
When the dog is happy it wags its tail.
When the dog realized he would be going on a walk, he ate several mouthfuls of dry dog food to fuel up.
When the dog saw me, it wagged its tail.
When the dog sees someone he doesn't know, he barks.
When the dog tried to bite me, I held him down by the neck and thoroughly scolded him.
When the dog wants to go outside, he goes to the door and barks.
When the door closed, Tom looked up.
When the door closed, Yanni immediately panicked.
When the door opens, it means food for them.
When the door opens, it means to them that there's food.
When the door slammed unexpectedly, it startled me.
When the doorbell rang, Tom closed the book he was reading and got up to see who it was.
When the doorbell rings, Mom and I arrive at the door at the same time.
When the downtown renovation plans went bust that building was turned into low rent housing just to attract tenants.
When the drugs wore off, my problems were still there.
When the drummer loses track of the song, he just goes yeah, yeah, yeah…
When the dump truck fills up, call to have them come and switch it.
When the dung beetle gets lost, it climbs up on the top of its dung ball and uses the position of the sun, the moon or even the Milky Way to reorient itself.
When the early Protestant immigrants came to this country, they brought the idea that work was the way to God and heaven.
When the earthquake occurred, I happened to be watching TV.
When the editor returned from lunch, he flew into a rage.
When the elder sisters rose up in this manner, arm-in-arm, in the evening, the youngest remained behind quite alone, looking after them as if she must weep, but mermaids have no tears and so they suffer all the more.
When the electricity went off everyone was rushing about in a state of confusion.
When the elevator goes up, the counterweight goes down.
When the elevator's broken, we have to go up the stairs.
When the emergency doctor arrived, we realised to our horror that he was completely drunk.
When the emperor Titus was dying, he said, "Burn this body, and scatter its ashes across the seven seas, so that the God of the Jews will not find me and stand in judgment over me."
When the emperor read the unfounded accusations, the citizens were forlorn of all hope.
When the engines failed, the airman panicked and failed to properly follow the emergency checklist.
When the excitement died down, the discussion resumed.
When the experimental antigravity aircraft flew over the town, emitting downward thrusting pulse waves, everyone immediately below involuntarily emptied their bladder.
When the family won the million dollar sweepstakes, they were in the fat city.
When the farmer drops dead off the tractor, then at the edge of the forest, there must be a reactor.
When the fight was over, Mastro Antonio had Geppetto's yellow wig in his hands and Geppetto found the carpenter's curly wig in his mouth.
When the fighting was over there was no one left of our enemies.
When the final hour of your death has to strike, it just does and you don't have any control over death.
When the fire broke out, Tom was fast asleep.
When the fire broke out, he was dead asleep.
When the fire broke out, he was fast asleep.
When the fire broke out, he was sound asleep.
When the firemen found out the girl's location, they ran to rescue her.
When the first planets outside our Solar System were discovered recently, it was an epochal event.
When the first rays of sun appeared on the facing mountainside, we grabbed our rucksacks and went on.
When the flatterer pipes, then the devil dances.
When the flies were given brown seaweed extract, their lifespans increased by two days, according to investigators. Prickly pear prolonged the insects' lives by four days. Researchers said one day in the life of a fruit fly is the equivalent to a human year.
When the flight crew has their aircraft under control, everything is working normally and yet it still crashes into the ground, that's a "Controlled Flight Into Terrain".
When the flight crew has their aircraft under control, everything is working normally and yet it still crashes into the ground, that’s CFIT.
When the flight crew has their aircraft under control, everything is working normally, and yet it still crashes into the ground, that's a CFIT.
When the flight took off, Tom wouldn't hold Mary's hand.
When the flower blooms, the bees come uninvited.
When the food is bad, it's a real letdown.
When the food is bad, it’s a real letdown.
When the forest is gone, birds and small mammals that lived there have to find new homes—if they can.
When the four limbs are placed correctly and the vital energy of blood is tranquil, the thoughts will be unified, and mind will be concentrated: ears and eyes will not be flooded, and what is distant will be like what is close, - the knowledge will be born out of thinking.
When the frame is finished, the spider fixes lines of silk across it, just like the spokes of a bicycle wheel.
When the full moon falls down on the roof at night, all the farmers are woken up.
When the full moon, gleaming silver, rises over the horizon, it seems significantly larger than when it has progressed farther on its nightly path, standing high in the heavens. Amazingly, this is an optical illusion.
When the funeral was over Chloe led Daphnis to the grotto of the Nymphs where she assisted him in his ablutions, and then for the first time in his presence she washed her own white polished form which needed no bath, however, to enhance its loveliness.
When the garlic is golden, add the fish.
When the gears of a mill are ruined, what would its wheels be for?
When the girl entered the room, some boys made fun of her because of her little hat.
When the girl got tired, she leaned on her mother’s lap.
When the girl saw her mother, she started crying.
When the girl was lost, her parents appealed to the public for information.
When the girl was scolded, she assumed a look of innocence.
When the glorious sun is set, When the grass with dew is wet, Then you show your little light, Twinkle, twinkle all the night.
When the goalkeeper touched the ball, the referee awarded the other team a corner kick.
When the going gets tough, the tough get going.
When the going gets weird, the weird turn pro.
When the great amber windows were thrown open the fish swam in, just as the swallows fly into our rooms when we open the windows.
When the great way is followed, the world is for the common good.
When the guard fell asleep, Tom used the opportunity to escape.
When the hamster is out of its cage, supervise it to prevent accidents.
When the handle is perpendicular to the pipe then the valve is closed; when it is parallel then the valve is open.
When the hare noticed that the fox had gone, it crept out from its underground home.
When the hare realised the fox had gone, it emerged from its underground dwelling.
When the heater in the barn fails, milk-flavoured ice cubes this entails.
When the heater in the barn fails, you get milk-flavoured ice cubes.
When the hen lays, it's the cock that has pain in the ass.
When the hive is full, it empties.
When the horse walked into the tavern, the barkeep asked, "Why the long face?"
When the hour for departure drew near the old mother went to her bedroom, and taking a small knife she cut her fingers till they bled; then she held a white rag under them, and letting three drops of blood fall into it, she gave it to her daughter, and said: "Dear child, take great care of this rag: it may be of use to you on the journey."
When the house caught fire, an awful feeling came over me.
When the house had been entirely completed, he applied a coating of the clay to the entire outside surface to the thickness of four inches.
When the house is renovated and refurnished, all that he will need will be a wife to make it complete. Between ourselves, there are pretty clear signs that this will not be wanting if the lady is willing, for I have seldom seen a man more infatuated with a woman than he is with our beautiful neighbour, Miss Stapleton.
When the huge ocean storm called Sandy hit Long Island in 2013 it destroyed the Blue Point oyster beds. John Cochrane is a councilman in the Town of Islip.
When the imam came in, everybody stood up.
When the input exceeds a certain threshold, an output signal is instantaneously released.
When the intent is clear, overlooking minor errors in composition is recommended.
When the jet flew over the building the windowpanes rattled.
When the judge came in, everyone stood up.
When the judge pronounced the death sentence, the defendant showed no emotion.
When the judge speaks, everyone in the courtroom listens.
When the kid wanted the latest PlayStation software, he acted like a spoiled child.
When the kids come over, the microwave works a lot.
When the king came in, the choir began intoning praises.
When the king died, the kingdom was thrown into chaos.
When the king set out on his expedition, she shut herself up in her own apartments, and spent her time spinning and weaving, and thinking of her royal husband.
When the knees sway, it is the feet that clink.
When the knight went into the dragon's den, he was amazed at all the treasures in there, although luckily the dragon wasn't there.
When the lambs are three months old, they can leave their mom for good.
When the lamp is hot, in order to avoid getting burned, wait about 45 minutes for it to cool down.
When the landlord's away, the tenants will play.
When the landlord’s away, the tenants will play.
When the lanes are dry like this, a curveball ends up in the gutter.
When the large earthquake happened, I was only ten years old.
When the large glass door opened, an automatic bell sound rang loudly around the vegetation.
When the last costumer has left, we close the doors.
When the last customer leaves, we close the doors.
When the last drop overflows the vase, the fault does not lie with the drop but with the water that was there before.
When the last leaf falls, I must go, too.
When the last tree is cut down, when the last river is poisoned, when the last bird is caught, - only then will you realize that money can not be eaten.
When the last tree is cut, the last fish is caught, and the last river is polluted; when to breathe the air is sickening, you will realize, too late, that wealth is not in bank accounts and that you can’t eat money.
When the laundry is not evenly distributed inside the washing machine, it can cause the washing machine to vibrate or even move.
When the laundry is unevenly distributed inside the washing machine, it can cause the washing machine to vibrate or even move.
When the law isn't just, justice trumps the law.
When the leaves are off the tree, then you gotta prune.
When the lecturer turned round, he sneaked out of the classroom.
When the left talks about elites, they're talking about economics. When the right talks about elites, they're talking about culture.
When the left-wingers lost an election, they chalked it up to ignorant voters. When the right-wingers lost, they insisted on election fraud. Neither one of them wanted to look within.
When the legendary Indian king Rama returned from exile, people lit his path with lamps, and this day was called Diwali.
When the letter arrived, I opened it.
When the letter arrived, I read it.
When the library opens?
When the lift reaches the building's uppermost floors, its ceiling light starts to flicker.
When the light came on, Felix continued walking.
When the light is flashing, you can't go fast.
When the light is green, cars turning must give way to pedestrians.
When the light is green, cars turning must yield to pedestrians.
When the light turns green, you go.
When the light turns red, you have to stop the car.
When the light turns red, you stop.
When the lights are out, all women are beautiful.
When the lights are red all vehicles must stop, and they may not start until they turn to green. Amber is the intermediate colour.
When the lights turned green, Tom's car stalled, and the car behind ran into the back of him.
When the lights went out, Tom lit a candle.
When the lion got sick, even the hare peed on his nose.
When the lion roars, the zebras tremble.
When the listener doesn't understand the speaker and the speaker doesn't know what they're talking about: that's philosophy.
When the little boy saw the clown, the cat got his tongue.
When the little boy was told by his mother, "We are here to help other people," he asked, "What are the other people for?"
When the little girl started pouting, the other children approached her and invited her to play with them.
When the little girl was eight years old the mother fell ill, and before many days it was plain to be seen that she must die.
When the long, hearty dinner was over, the guests began dancing and singing.
When the lovers saw each other, they were very near sinking to the ground. They contrived, however, to support themselves, whilst they saluted and clung together: indeed this embrace served them as a stay and prevented them from falling.
When the magazine published the naked photos, they went too far.
When the man saw a policeman, he fled.
When the meal is ready, I will arrive.
When the meal was ended Anne came out of her reverie and offered to wash the dishes.
When the medlars are bletted, you can eat them.
When the meeting was over, the people gathered in groups and talked with one another.
When the members of the "community" are flooding the website with their content, they're doing a good job. However, when Dmitri contributes a few example sentences, he's immediately accused of spamming the website.
When the microwave door handle snapped off, I just used epoxy putty to stick it back in place, rather than paying for a proper repair.
When the military pulled out, many injured people were left behind.
When the milk turns sour, I'm not the kind of pussy to drink it.
When the milk turns sour, I’m not the kind of pussy to drink it.
When the mill's gear is broken, there's nothing the driving wheels can do.
When the minced meat is well cooked, then I add the vegetables.
When the mind is pure, joy follows like a shadow that never leaves.
When the money ran out, the construction work was suspended.
When the money runs out, there'll still be one month left.
When the money's over, so is the love.
When the moon approached the Earth, it experienced very strong deceleration. This slowdown ultimately led to our having a pleasant day and pleasant weather.
When the moon gets closest to the Earth in its orbit, it appears bigger and brighter than usual and is called a supermoon.
When the moon is bright, and the tide is right, schools of small fish eager to spawn are propelled ashore by the surf to turn southern California’s beaches into a breeding ground during the spring and early summer.
When the moon is the farthest away, it’s 407,000 km away. That’s almost 32 Earths. When it’s closest, the moon is 357,000 km away. That’s between 28 and 29 Earths.
When the morning's first streetcar announces its arrival and glides smoothly up to the stop, there are many already standing and waiting there.
When the mouse is satiated, the flour is bitter.
When the movie's over, we'll eat a wood-cooked margherita pizza.
When the music stops, grab a chair.
When the musicians threw t-shirts into the audience, pandemonium ensued.
When the mystery is too impressive, we don't dare to disobey.
When the national hockey team visited America, half the players defected.
When the next singer came on, it began to rain.
When the night falls, dreams come to life!
When the nobles and other people became rich and educated, they forgot the old stories, but the country people did not, and handed them down.
When the number 21 is divided by 7, the result is 3.
When the number is dialed, the caller hears a message saying the number is out of service.
When the occasion is propitious, I always find it interesting to ask a person I don’t know well if he, or she, is fond of dogs.
When the ocean absorbs a lot of CO₂, the water becomes more acidic.
When the officers arrived, I looked out the window and heard them tell the kids that they were disturbing the peace in the neighborhood and that the neighbors were upset.
When the oil got hot, he put the two halves in the pan.
When the old man looked at the peach, he was greatly astonished and said: "This is indeed the largest peach I have ever seen! Wherever did you buy it?"
When the old men were moistened with the wine they began to talk of their youthful adventures, of the flocks which they had tended and of the marauders and pirates from whom they had escaped.
When the opportunity comes, seize it.
When the opportunity presents itself, seize it.
When the owner of the house arrived, he found his son dead.
When the pandemic first appeared, the ski resorts in the Tyrol region in northern Italy and western Austria acted as super-spreaders.
When the pandemic hit New York last year, people started to throw away a lot of things in an attempt to clean their houses and find something to do.
When the parents heard the news, they cheered up.
When the people behind the new IMAX original film "Pandas" asked the star if she would consider narrating the documentary, it was a no-brainer.
When the people have nothing more to eat, they will eat the rich.
When the person is old enough, he can get circumcised.
When the phone rang in the middle of the night, I immediately knew something was wrong.
When the phone rang in the middle of the night, she immediately knew something was wrong.
When the phone rang, I was watching TV.
When the phone rang, Tom already knew who was calling.
When the phone rang, he ran to answer it.
When the phone rang, he sprang out of bed.
When the phone rang, we were out.
When the pirates saw the handsome youth, who, they knew, would be a prize of greater value than all the plunder they could find in the fields, they ceased to pursue the goats or to search for other spoil, and dragged him to their vessel, while he wept in despair, and called loudly on his Chloe.
When the player released the piece in his hand to take another, his opponent told him "Touch, move!", forcing him to move the first piece he had chosen.
When the police arrived in the area, they found shells of burnt out cars.
When the police arrived, Elias had already escaped.
When the police arrived, the thieves had disappeared.
When the police came on stage, the criminal gave up.
When the police entered the basement, they found Tom tied to a chair with duct tape over his mouth.
When the police entered the room, Tom was holding a bloody knife in his hand.
When the police entered the room, Tom was holding a bloody knife.
When the police entered the room, Tom was standing over Mary.
When the police entered the room, they found Tom tied to a chair.
When the police interrogated Tom, he defended himself well because he had concrete alibis.
When the police stopped Tom for questioning, he tried to make a run for it.
When the police stopped him for questioning, Tom tried to make a run for it.
When the politician died, everybody hoped the son would follow in his father's footsteps.
When the politician died, everybody hoped the son would follow in his father’s footsteps.
When the politician died, everyone expected that his son would follow in his footsteps.
When the poor little beastie got here he thought, I suppose, that he could rest, but the moment the storm began to clear off his master insisted on mounting him and riding away to look for you.
When the power of love overcomes the love of power, the world will know peace.
When the president does it, that means that it is not illegal.
When the pressure increases, so does the temperature.
When the pressure is lower, the boiling point is lower.
When the prince appeared among them, hundreds of rockets were let off, making it as light as day, and frightening the little mermaid so much that she had to dive under the water.
When the prince stepped over the threshold he caught sight of a maiden of wonderful beauty, with brown eyes and fair curly hair.
When the princess grew up she was betrothed to a prince who lived at a great distance.
When the professor found Guillaume's crib sheet, she had no choice but to report him to the university for cheating.
When the program finished, we switched the radio off.
When the pupil is ready to learn, a teacher will appear.
When the rain had passed, the birds began to sing once more.
When the rain had stopped, the birds began to sing again.
When the rain stopped, he went out for a walk.
When the rain stopped, the game of tennis was continued immediately.
When the rain stops, I'll take the dog out for a walk.
When the rain stops, we'll go for a walk.
When the rain stops, we’ll go for a walk.
When the red light flashes, type 'A.' For any other color, type 'B.'
When the restoration of the Stuarts to power became apparent, still greater numbers of the republicans and non-conformists sought refuge in New England from the persecutions which they foresaw awaited them.
When the results are announced, I'll let you know.
When the results are made public, I'll let you know.
When the results were published, Daniel was disappointed that he only got forty out of a hundred.
When the rice cooker is done with the rice, unplug it for me.
When the rock singer appeared on the stage, the audience at the concert clapped loudly.
When the sacral vertebrae are fused into a single structure, it is called the sacrum.
When the scandal broke, the Congressman's constituents were seething.
When the scandal broke, the Congressman’s constituents were seething.
When the scene changed to a brighter background, Leon recognized Amelia's face.
When the school day starts, the students raise the national flag.
When the school had no books or paper or pencils, she wrote the alphabet on the ground with a stick.
When the school needed a new teacher, I applied for the position.
When the school needed a new teacher, he applied for the position.
When the screen doesn't change automatically, please click this.
When the scum stops appearing pour the syrup back into a clean bottle and keep it in the fridge.
When the ship arrives in port it makes the people unsettled.
When the ship returns from its voyage, and comes to the roadstead to the harbor, the captain is obliged to give a statement to the commander of the artillery in that port as to how much gunpowder he has left.
When the ship sails, the captain looks toward the land.
When the ship sank the sailors drowned, and only reached the Merman's palace in death.
When the ship sank, he abandoned it and left 1,500 people to die.
When the shooting began, I just prayed.
When the shooting died down a bit, Daddy ran over to our flat and brought us back some sandwiches.
When the sign on the door of a rest room says OCCUPIED, it means someone is using it.
When the singer appeared on stage, the audience gave him the Bronx cheer, because he dumped his wife for another woman.
When the sisters came back, their mother was still awake.
When the snow melts it flows into the river.
When the snow melts, it becomes water.
When the snowflake touched my cheek, I woke up in my bed with my eyes sticky with tears.
When the soldiers saw their captain fall, they lost heart.
When the song begins in earnest, the nightclub in Johannesburg’s smart Rosebank suburb begins to heave with the bounce of scores of gyrating bodies.
When the song ended, I could hear the rain outside.
When the squash is pulled out, the trellis comes with it.
When the stock market crashes, retirement accounts evaporate.
When the stone you are sitting on begins to move and fall, it is time to go down.
When the stones were red-hot, the dust and ashes were brushed out of the oven, and the potatoes, yams, and taro, or the pigs, dogs, fish, and birds were wrapped in leaves, and laid upon the hot stones.
When the stoplight turns green the cars will start.
When the storm hit, Matthew was glad that he had pitched his tent on high ground.
When the storm was over, we began to make preparations to leave the port.
When the striker completed a hat-trick, the crowd cheered so loudly they could be heard half a mile away.
When the students graduated with super hero masks and capes, Nadeem says she wore hers with pride.
When the summer break starts I will fly to Turkey.
When the sun comes up, I'll get out of bed.
When the sun finally rose, Ziri and Rima discussed what to do next.
When the sun goes down in the west, the lazy man works the best.
When the sun is shining, it gets bright.
When the sun of culture hangs low, even dwarfs will cast long shadows.
When the sun of culture is low, even dwarfs will cast long shadows.
When the sun of culture sets, the dwarfs too look like giants.
When the sun of culture sets, the dwarves too look like giants.
When the sun rose on the sea she woke up and became conscious of a sharp pang, but just in front of her stood the handsome young prince, fixing his coal-black eyes on her.
When the sun shines after rain, the rainbow will appear.
When the sun shines, all is well with the world.
When the supply chain is interrupted by war, it may not be reestablished for years.
When the sweet potato was introduced to New Guinea, the population exploded.
When the system is failing, violent acts of retribution increase.
When the teacher asked for volunteers, Tom raised his hand, but Mary didn't.
When the teacher asked if anyone knew the answer, Tom was the only one to raise his hand.
When the teacher called on me all of a sudden I got confused and kept stumbling as I spoke.
When the teacher came in, Tom stood up and complained, "Mrs. Meinhard, Leithril and Faundis always talk in Elvish during recess, so we human children don't understand anything, but they understand everything we say! I think that's unfair." The teacher replied: "Very well. Sit down, everyone! We shall discuss this!"
When the teacher entered, everyone stood up.
When the teacher finished reading, one of the students raised his hand.
When the teacher had finished reading, a pupil put up his hand.
When the teacher is not paying attention, the students muck around.
When the teacher is very strict, the students must mind their P's and Q's.
When the teacher is very strict, the students must mind their P’s and Q’s.
When the teacher saw Ziri's notes, he looked confused.
When the teacher started shouting, they dropped what they were doing and ran out.
When the teacher went into the classroom, the students all stood up together.
When the telephone rang, I was just going out.
When the telephone rings, you must answer right away.
When the telephone was invented, how useful was it? Well, no one else had one, so not much at all! Like the phone, as more people learn Esperanto, it becomes more useful.
When the tempura I make cools down, it immediately loses its crispiness and doesn't taste very good.
When the term "crusade" is used to refer to a noble quest, the groups who suffered from the original medieval crusades are not happy.
When the test results are ready, our representative will contact you.
When the thief heard the dog bark, he ran away.
When the thief heard the dog bark, he took to his heels.
When the thief reached the door, he turned around and said: "You stay here for another half hour without moving. After that, I myself will notify the police, who will set him free."
When the thing that will destroy humanity comes, it will be made with the best intentions, and we'll all buy into it willingly.
When the thing was sent into the post office, the goods were lost due to the mistake of the post office.
When the thought of what I had done came to mind, I felt like an assassin.
When the thunderstorm moved in, Grandma laid down her fork with the words: "God lets the sleeper sleep, and punishes the glutton."
When the time came for Ziri to go, he asked for Rima's name.
When the time came for her to go on, however, Lillian forgot her stage fright and made her first entrance with the air of a seasoned trouper.
When the time came to do that, Tom didn't hesitate.
When the time came to jump out of that airplane I was scared stiff. My heart was pounding so hard I thought it would come out of my chest.
When the time came to kill, Fadil didn't hesitate.
When the time came to kill, Sami didn't hesitate.
When the time came, she realized that the waiting had mattered more than the event itself.
When the time grows near to her predicted death date, the fear grew and grew.
When the time is right, I'll tell you.
When the time is ripe, be bold and go for it! I'll stand by you.
When the time is ripe, be bold and go for it! I’ll stand by you.
When the time's right, you'll know.
When the tiny candles were all lighted the children and our domestics gathered round it.
When the tip was a lone dime thrown into a glass, the waitress would raise the glass while hastily preparing the table for the next customer. She would then spill the water and that would be it.
When the tissue paper sucked away the spilled juice, it turned yellow.
When the toast popped up, he put mustard, mayonnaise, and ketchup on one slice.
When the traffic light is yellow, we stop.
When the train finally passed that station, Matthew started breathing again.
When the train goes through the station, the windows rattle noisily and the whole house shakes.
When the train left, we were still stuck in traffic.
When the translation is finished, I'll send it to you.
When the truck slides, it could go anywhere.
When the truck slides, it's completely out of control.
When the truck slides, you can't do anything.
When the truck slides, you can't even turn the wheel.
When the trumpets sounded, the army shouted, and at the sound of the trumpet, when the men gave a loud shout, the wall collapsed; so everyone charged straight in, and they took the city. They devoted the city to the LORD and destroyed with the sword every living thing in itâ€”men and women, young and old, cattle, sheep and donkeys.
When the trumpets sounded, the army shouted, and at the sound of the trumpet, when the men gave a loud shout, the wall collapsed; so everyone charged straight in, and they took the city. They devoted the city to the LORD and destroyed with the sword every living thing in it—men and women, young and old, cattle, sheep and donkeys.
When the trusted confidant of the person who conducted a hostile takeover of the company betrayed him, it was a sort of retributive justice.
When the twister came, it uprooted the tree and threw it almost onto our house.
When the two disciples heard him say this, they followed Jesus.
When the two sisters returned from the ball, Cinderella asked them if they had had a pleasant time, and if the fine lady had been there. They told her, yes; but that she hurried away the moment it struck twelve, and with so much haste that she dropped one of her little glass slippers, the prettiest in the world, which the King's son had taken up.
When the universe was born, something came from nothing.
When the vacation is over, I will catch up with a lot of work.
When the vast Central plains of the United States darken with thunderhead clouds, and rain and hailstones begin to pelt the ground, everyone and everything takes cover, except the pilots of the armor-plated T-28 Storm Penetrator airplane.
When the villagers saw Ziri, they started cheering and shaking each other's hands.
When the visitor entered the room, we stood to greet him.
When the waiter finally arrived, Tom ordered cheese and biscuits.
When the wall fell in 1989, I was still a child.
When the war began, Tom was a little kid.
When the war broke out there was something gruesomely comic in the proclamations of emperors and archdukes appealing to that invincible soul of a nation whose existence or moral worth they had been so arrogantly denying for more than a century.
When the war ended, he had to go into exile.
When the war started, we were still young.
When the war was finished, few soldiers returned home.
When the water boils, I pour it into the cup.
When the water came, it came quick like a tsunami and people were scared.
When the water comes back, I'll give these heathers some water.
When the water vapor in the atmosphere cools, it condenses back into little droplets of liquid water, forming clouds.
When the water was brought to a boil she added the ingredients.
When the water was brought to a boil, she added the ingredients.
When the weasel arrived, Nemesio was making himself some blueberry and boletus soup with aniseed.
When the weather had cleared, the children began to play baseball again.
When the weather is clear one can see the island.
When the weather is good, the view up here in the mountains is breathtaking.
When the weather was nice, Tom always left his windows open.
When the weather's bad, I usually stay at home and watch TV.
When the weather's nice, I do that every day.
When the whistle blows, that means everyone stops what they're doing and listens.
When the whistle blows, the race will start.
When the whistle of the train sounded they all stood up, and grasped their valises tightly.
When the will is absent, the power disappears.
When the wind blew part of our roof off, we started worrying.
When the wind blew through the forest, he could sleep easily, rocked by its soothing melody.
When the wine goes in, strange things come out.
When the wine is in, the wit is out.
When the wine ran out, everybody went home.
When the wine was gone, Jesus' mother said to him, "They have no more wine."
When the witch saw that the children had escaped her, she was furious, and, hitting the cat with a porringer, she said: "Why did you let the children leave the hut? Why did you not scratch their eyes out?"
When the word is out, it belongs to another.
When the work was done, the men were discharged.
When the yakuza boss got out of the car, everyone bowed and greeted him by saying, "Osu!"
When the years pile up, the more things you see.
When the zipper on the tent broke, Matthew used duct tape to fix it.
When their eyes encountered each other, both blushed deeply, conscious of some strong internal emotion, and shunned again to meet each other's looks.
When their eyes encountered each other, both blushed deeply.
When their eyes met, it was as if the world stood still.
When their home star went nova, their civilization was destroyed.
When their leader died, they placed his body in a large tomb.
When their leader talks, they all fall silent.
When there are no men around, the night is kinda scary.
When there are no men around, the night is somewhat spooky.
When there are no tourists, the Lao boatman just fishes in the area to feed his family.
When there are significant spells of cold weather, the lakes and rivers freeze over.
When there are so many orphans in need, why would I have children?
When there are ten stamps on your loyalty card, you get a piece of cake free.
When there is a choice of fruit, I always choose apples.
When there is a curfew in Hebron, no Palestinian is allowed to get out of their house.
When there is fighting, I leave.
When there is hot weather and enough rain, mushrooms grow.
When there is no bell I knock on the door.
When there is no question word in a sentence asking a question, one uses the word "ĉu”.
When there is no tigers in mountains, the monkey becomes the king.
When there is snow, ice, sleet, hail, thunder, rain, and wind.
When there was despair in the dust bowl and depression across the land, she saw a nation conquer fear itself with a New Deal, new jobs, a new sense of common purpose. Yes, we can.
When there was money, there was no wisdom, now that there's wisdom, there's no money!
When there was room on the ledge outside of the pots and boxes for a cat, the cat was there — in sunny weather — stretched at full length, asleep and blissful, with her furry belly to the sun and a paw curved over her nose. Then that house was complete, and its contentment and peace were made manifest to the world by this symbol, whose testimony is infallible. A home without a cat—and a well-fed, well-petted, and properly revered cat—may be a perfect home, perhaps, but how can it prove title?
When there were too many students, the school used modular classrooms in the parking lot to add new classes.
When there were unexpected expenses in the household of me and my wife, we could not avoid pawning our belongings.
When there's a fire, you should wrap yourself with something so that sparks don't land on you.
When there's a loss of cabin pressure, oxygen masks will automatically drop down.
When there's a man around, the work that can be done sure increases.
When there's a piano to be moved, don't reach for the stool.
When there's a will, there's a way.
When there's more wind, the windmill spins faster.
When there's no separation of powers, and universal rights aren't respected, and there's unemployment, dictatorships rise.
When there's nothing left to do, what do you do?
When there's smoke, there's fire.
When there's two religions on the same pillow, the devil sleeps between them.
When there’s a man around, the work that can be done sure increases.
When there’s nothing left to do, what do you do?
When these barriers were removed, DeVries said a new program ensured that all of the deserving farmers in the country could obtain a voucher that would allow them to purchase the seeds they needed from an agro dealer at a reduced price.
When these old women heard that he was coming to the place they went out to meet him, and awaited his coming on a great heath.
When they allied with them, few allied with others.
When they are in danger, they run away.
When they are on vacation, they want to buy everything they see.
When they are such an underrepresented minority, women tend to shy away from these fields.
When they arose from the table it arose too and disappeared through the door as if it were being carried by invisible servants.
When they arose on the morrow they were more than ever inflamed with passion, and whilst urging on their flocks they longed to meet again so that they might renew their kisses.
When they arrived at the bush with red berries, there stood the reindeer waiting for them, and he had brought another young reindeer with him.
When they arrived at the scene, the police found the house in disarray.
When they arrived in the town they found it easy to make friends.
When they came for me, there was no one left who could protest.
When they came for the trade unionists, I said nothing, because I was not a trade unionist.
When they closed the section down, did you get moved to another section or did you have to retake the class next semester?
When they come, give them something to eat, but don't give them any money.
When they dined together the Queen put a sleeping potion in the King's cup.
When they entered the hut the cat was curled up on the floor. So they stroked her, and fed her with ham, and said to her: "Pussy-cat, grey pussy-cat, tell us how we are to get away from the witch?"
When they established the new republic, America’s Founding Fathers envisioned a country with deep community foundations. But as fewer Americans know their neighbors, that sense of community might be eroding.
When they experienced the French Revolution, citizens became free people, detached from their traditions and the church; they praised Liberty, Equality and Fraternity.
When they finally found him, it was too late.
When they finally moved in, I had already had the house finished for several weeks.
When they found out Mary was a fraud, they kicked her out of the club.
When they gave her the piggy bank, the first thing Laura did was put in a couple of coins and shake it to hear it tinkle.
When they go away to work, they take a helper with them.
When they go low, we go high.
When they got close, they fired their guns.
When they got married, they both promised to never lie again.
When they got married, they both swore to never lie.
When they got to the coast, the boats were gone.
When they got to the station, the train had already left.
When they had lived happily together for a few years, the King's mother, who was a wicked woman, began to slander the young Queen, and said to the King, "This is a common beggar girl whom thou hast brought back with thee. Who knows what impious tricks she practises secretly!"
When they had reached the common where the geese fed, she sat down and unloosed her hair, which was of pure gold.
When they had read what was written on the stone, the younger brother said:
When they had their first baby, they had been married for 10 years.
When they had told this, they poured out their corn, and every man found his money tied in the mouth of his sack: and all being astonished together, their father Jacob said: You have made me to be without children: Joseph is not living, Simeon is kept in bonds, and Benjamin you will take away: all these evils are fallen upon me.
When they hear 'Japanese-style room,' most people probably think of a tatami room.
When they hear ’Japanese-style room,’ most people probably think of a tatami room.
When they heard that their teacher was going to get married, everyone wanted to attend her wedding.
When they heard the story, they burst into laughter.
When they heard what happened, they burst into tears.
When they joined with them, few joined with others.
When they locked up the social democrats, I said nothing, because I was not a social democrat.
When they look at the forest, they don't see the trees.
When they look at the forest, they don’t see the trees.
When they met at a friend's party, Justin said he thought Khea was cute.
When they met, they rejoiced; when they parted, they felt sad.
When they moved to the town, they found it easy to make friends.
When they no longer have priests, the gods become very easy to conjure.
When they offered to sell him a rocket for eight million dollars, he rejected the offer as too expensive.
When they opened the casket, there was no one there.
When they pass through strong wind, the planes rock like this, but don’t worry.
When they reached the end of the room, he stopped and muttered some words she could not understand.
When they reached the house again, the swallow said, "Well, do you think that the life of a bird is unalloyed pleasure?"
When they realise, I will have already left.
When they realized that she was breathing normally, they took her off the danger list.
When they realized what they had done, they tried to wash their hands of it.
When they returned from fishing, or from wherever they had been, they were wont to sing a hymn.
When they returned on the morrow to the pasture, Daphnis, seated under an oak as usual, played his pipe and looked at his goats, which were lying down.
When they said they were going to get married, it blew my mind.
When they said we shouldn't come, we wanted to go all the more.
When they sat down, invisible hands passed them things to eat and to drink, and they ate and drank to their heart's content.
When they saw David, they abruptly fell silent.
When they saw Tom, they started crying.
When they saw that it was raining, they took their umbrellas.
When they saw that they were losing, they gave up.
When they saw the star, they rejoiced with exceedingly great joy.
When they saw the star, they were overjoyed.
When they say you can’t do it, do it twice and take pics.
When they see Maria, children start to cry and dogs start to bark. What is it about her that has this effect?
When they spoke English to me, it was because they wanted to sell me something. When they spoke Esperanto to me, it was because they wanted to be my friends. Heard from American Esperanto speakers returning from trips abroad.
When they swore at my father, they swore at me too.
When they told me that he died, I didn't know what to say.
When they united with them, few united with others.
When they wear plaid, fat people often look fatter.
When they were at the beach together, she felt her body engulfed in a foreign sensation.
When they were dancing, she felt the spark.
When they were handing out brains, you arrived late.
When they were in Leicester, it was obvious that they had a very warm relationship.
When they were in high school, Tom and Mary used to hang out together.
When they were kids, Tom and Mary did a lot of things together.
When they were not sure what caused the signals they detected, Jocelyn Bell and her college advisor D. Anthony Hewish labeled the signal LGM for Little Green Men. They thought it could possibly be a beacon from an alien source.
When they were released into a 20-hectare oak forest in 2010, seven bison cleared the undergrowth, saving about $72,000 which it would have cost to pay engineers to do the same job.
When they were young, Tom and Mary used to often go swimming together.
When they woke the next morning, the sun was already high in the sky.
When they woke up and looked out the window in the morning, they saw snow outside.
When they woke up they saw a stone lying next to them.
When they woke up, they were in the hospital.
When they wrong you, you have the right to ask for justice.
When they'll make cowards dance, you won't be playing in the orchestra.
When they're happy, we're happy.
When they're in danger, they run away.
When things are good, we don't think about the future.
When things are hard or when you're sad, look up at the sky.
When things don't go the way they're expected to go, the first thing most people do is blame someone else.
When things go downhill and light at the end of the tunnel isn't visible, then it is time to strategically develop developmental plans.
When this 18-year-old decided to enroll in an institute which trains air hostesses, she was confident she would easily pick up a job in India's booming aviation industry.
When this Algerian engineer emigrated to Germany, he took half of his development team with him.
When this batch is done, we need to swap out the container.
When this book was first published in 1951, the language it describes was a project. Today, little more than three years later, it is a functioning reality.
When this bridge was built, two workmen were killed when they fell into the ravine.
When this comes from Yanni, this doesn't surprise me.
When this crab gets injured, gets a little cut on its body, bacteria can get into it from the water, so the Horseshoe crab blood actually Jell-O’s around those bacteria and stops them from getting into the Horseshoe crab body.
When this family immigrated to the United States, they anglicised their surname.
When this family relocated to the US, they anglicized their surname.
When this is over, I do want to look super good when I go to the beach.
When this ivy comes down, it's going to make a terrible mess in the garden.
When this poison is ingested, it basically burns you from the inside out.
When those swells come from the west to northwest, they interact with a deep, underwater canyon off the coast of Nazare that, scientists say, can magnify wave height by three to five times.
When those two start chatting, they don't stop anymore either.
When thou shalt till it, it shall not yield to thee its fruit: a fugitive and a vagabond shalt thou be upon the earth.
When thought ceases, man ceases to exist.
When threatened, ants have a surprisingly painful bite.
When thunder roars, go indoors!
When thus the prophet Helenus I hail, / "Troy-born interpreter of Heaven! whose art / the signs of Phoebus' pleasure can impart; / thou know'st the tripod and the Clarian bay, / the stars, the voices of the birds, that dart / on wings with omens laden, speak and say, / (since fate and all the gods foretell a prosperous way / and point to far Italia)."
When time comes for me to join the dead, I will have lived carelessly and will die without remorse.
When time seemed lost in darkness thy hand dropped its sceptre to take up the lute and strike the uttermost chords; and my heart sang out, O my Lover, my Beloved, my best in all the world!
When times are hard, you learn who your friends are.
When times are hard, you learn who your mates are.
When times are tough, you find out who your friends are.
When times get hard, let's see who sticks around.
When times get hard, let’s see who sticks around.
When to set off is a difficult problem.
When to start is the main problem.
When to turn the corner is a difficult problem.
When told an American ambassador had been seen sneaking into someone else's room, President Kennedy remarked, "I guess I need to hire faster ambassadors."
When told to bring the chisel, also bring the mallet.
When tomatoes are cheap, I want to eat them every day.
When towels smell bad, this means that there's so much bacteria in them.
When trade prohibitions are resisted by any substantial minority, black markets develop.
When trading resumed, stocks prices continued to dive.
When traditional cures didn't work, the desperate parents turned to alternative medicine to heal their son.
When translating articles we used a dictionary.
When translating into English, the German word for "bassoon" is a stumbling block.
When translating sentences, we often get corrections by other users, so we improve our knowledge of the languages we already know.
When translating, one must have all the rigor and no respect for the original.
When translating, one should be aware of "false friends"!
When traveling abroad, it's helpful to learn at least a few chance words and phrases of your destination.
When traveling abroad, it’s helpful to learn at least a few chance words and phrases of your destination.
When traveling, it is easy to get lost.
When travelling abroad, it's useful to learn at least a few polite phrases in the local language.
When trees are cut down, their stored carbons are released into the atmosphere, accounting for 10% of warming emissions worldwide, according to the Union of Concerned Scientists.
When trees die, the ecology and hydrology of a forest change, which in turn promotes insect infestation and fire.
When trust in our institutions is low, we should reduce the corrosive influence of money in our politics, and insist on the principles of transparency and ethics in public service.
When trying to gain fluency in a language, never listen to those assholes that try to put you down.
When two "Alpha males" come together in a group, it is exciting to see who holds the upper hand.
When two are doing the same thing, it is not the same.
When two armies met, they drew up and fought a pitched battle.
When two armies oppose one another, those who can fight should fight, those who can't fight should guard, those who can't guard should flee, those who can't flee should surrender, and those who can't surrender should die.
When two armies oppose one another, those who can fight should fight, those who can’t fight should guard, those who can’t guard should flee, those who can’t flee should surrender, and those who can’t surrender should die.
When two countries end a war, they sign a peace treaty.
When two couples factually mate four spouses really rejoice.
When two dice are rolled, what's the probability of getting a seven?
When two dice are thrown, what's the probability of getting a seven?
When two elephants fight, grass gets trampled.
When two fight, a third benefits.
When two men always think the same thing, one of them is superfluous.
When two non-perpendicular straight lines intersect, they form four geometric angles; an acute angle plus either of the adjacent obtuse angles will naturally always sum to 180 degrees.
When two people are forced into a marriage of convenience, they will be an unhappy, bickering couple until the very end.
When two people are in love, they are only aware of each other.
When two people are in love, they're only aware of each other.
When two people argue, a third laughs.
When two people don't get along, there's no point in continuing to be together.
When two people quarrel, a third rejoices.
When two philosophers meet, it is customary for them to greet each other simply with a "Good morning!".
When two powerful forces with opposite ideals come face to face, it's time for a showdown.
When two powerful forces with opposite ideals come face to face, it’s time for a showdown.
When two souls... two hearts are meant for each other, the distance between them turns out to be just a detail. It's all about the ability to wait.
When unlike is joined to unlike, the result is called harmony.
When upbeat music starts playing, I just start dancing.
When using a hammer, be careful with where you put your fingers.
When using chopstick, I use my left hand.
When using the counter for food preparation, clean as you go.
When using the kitchen knife, my wife cut her finger.
When using the oven, be mindful of any spills that may occur.
When using this information, I will follow any conditions you specify, whether that's anonymity or giving detailed reference.
When using this information, I will follow any conditions you specify, whether that’s anonymity or giving detailed reference.
When using this information, I will of course follow your requirements.
When vacationing, Is a foreign state as relaxing as a foreign country?
When viewed in an inertial reference frame, an object either remains at rest or continues to move at a constant velocity, unless acted upon by a net force.
When violence comes through the door, law and justice go out through the chimney.
When violent extremists operate in one stretch of mountains, people are endangered across an ocean.
When voting rates in America are some of the lowest among advanced democracies, we should be making it easier, not harder, to vote.
When warm, light, air crosses mountains it rises into the upper atmosphere and does not fall back to the ground. In this, and other, ways wind changes with the terrain.
When was Algeria established?
When was Algerian nationalism born?
When was Algiers founded?
When was America populated?
When was Germany reunited?
When was I ever mean to you?
When was I writing a letter?
When was John Kennedy assassinated?
When was Kabylia established?
When was Lucia born?
When was Queen Victoria born?
When was Sonatrach established?
When was Tiziri born?
When was Tom arrested?
When was Tom born?
When was Tom fired?
When was Tom here?
When was Tom hired?
When was Tom in Australia?
When was Tom in Boston?
When was Tom in danger?
When was Tom injured?
When was Tom killed?
When was Tom released from prison?
When was Tom supposed to do it?
When was Tom supposed to get here?
When was Tom there?
When was Tom's trial?
When was he born?
When was he here before?
When was it built?
When was it ever popular?
When was it finished?
When was it purchased?
When was it that Mary bought this skirt?
When was it that Tom said that?
When was it that Tom visited Mary in the hospital?
When was it that Tom went to Australia with Mary?
When was it that Tom went to Australia?
When was it that Tom went to Boston with Mary?
When was it that Tom went to Boston?
When was it that you did that with Tom?
When was it that you did that?
When was it that you first met Tom?
When was it that you first met her?
When was it that you first realized that it was a problem?
When was it that you last saw Tom?
When was it that you visited the museum?
When was it that you went to Australia with Tom?
When was it that you went to Australia?
When was it that you went to Boston with Tom?
When was it that you went to Boston?
When was it that you were in Boston?
When was it you first met Tom?
When was it you last borrowed books from the library?
When was it you went to Boston?
When was it you were in Boston?
When was last time you used a broom?
When was last time you washed your car?
When was oil discovered in Algeria?
When was oil found in Algeria?
When was printing invented?
When was serfdom abolished in Russia?
When was she born?
When was she ever going to learn this language ?
When was sunrise yesterday?
When was sunset yesterday?
When was television introduced to Algeria?
When was that building torn down?
When was that law abolished?
When was that?
When was the Algerian city of Bejaia founded?
When was the Algiers new international airport opened?
When was the Berlin Wall torn down?
When was the Panama Canal opened?
When was the Second Temple destroyed?
When was the agreement ratified?
When was the baby born?
When was the book delivered to you?
When was the book published?
When was the book written?
When was the box opened?
When was the car delivered to you?
When was the car washed by Ken?
When was the castle built?
When was the city of Algiers founded?
When was the death penalty abolished?
When was the dictionary delivered to you?
When was the first time Tom did that?
When was the first time Tom kissed you?
When was the first time that Tom did that?
When was the first time that Tom kissed you?
When was the first time that you came here?
When was the first time that you did that?
When was the first time that you met Tom?
When was the first time that you played poker?
When was the first time that you saw snow?
When was the first time you asked Marika out?
When was the first time you came here?
When was the first time you did that?
When was the first time you had sex?
When was the first time you kissed Marika?
When was the first time you met Tom?
When was the first time you met her?
When was the first time you met him?
When was the first time you played poker?
When was the first time you put a hijab on?
When was the first time you saw snow?
When was the last explosion?
When was the last time Britain had an election?
When was the last time I saw him?
When was the last time I spent the whole day with you?
When was the last time I told you I loved you?
When was the last time I used my brain? I don't even remember.
When was the last time I visited you?
When was the last time I was here?
When was the last time Tom and Mary went out for dinner together?
When was the last time Tom and Mary went to Australia together?
When was the last time Tom and Mary went to Boston together?
When was the last time Tom and Mary were here?
When was the last time Tom and Mary were in Boston?
When was the last time Tom and Mary were late?
When was the last time Tom and you went out for dinner together?
When was the last time Tom ate lunch with you?
When was the last time Tom came here?
When was the last time Tom came to Australia?
When was the last time Tom came to Boston?
When was the last time Tom came to visit?
When was the last time Tom cleaned his room?
When was the last time Tom cooked dinner?
When was the last time Tom did that?
When was the last time Tom drove a truck?
When was the last time Tom gave you a gift?
When was the last time Tom helped anyone?
When was the last time Tom helped you do anything?
When was the last time Tom helped you?
When was the last time Tom kissed Mary?
When was the last time Tom played golf with you?
When was the last time Tom sang with you?
When was the last time Tom stayed overnight at your place?
When was the last time Tom talked to you?
When was the last time Tom took Mary out to dinner?
When was the last time Tom took a bath?
When was the last time Tom took a shower?
When was the last time Tom visited you?
When was the last time Tom was here?
When was the last time Tom was in Australia?
When was the last time Tom was in Boston?
When was the last time Tom was late?
When was the last time Tom washed the car?
When was the last time Ziri visited this abandoned mine?
When was the last time it rained here?
When was the last time it rained?
When was the last time it snowed here?
When was the last time someone asked for your advice?
When was the last time someone asked you for your advice?
When was the last time something like this happened in Australia?
When was the last time something like this happened?
When was the last time that I spent the whole day with you?
When was the last time that Tom said something nice to you?
When was the last time that happened?
When was the last time that there was a flood around here?
When was the last time that you and Tom hung out together?
When was the last time that you and Tom went dancing?
When was the last time that you and Tom worked together?
When was the last time that you asked somebody for help?
When was the last time that you asked someone for advice?
When was the last time that you asked someone for help?
When was the last time that you ate a cookie?
When was the last time that you ate a persimmon?
When was the last time that you ate a pomegranate?
When was the last time that you ate an apple?
When was the last time that you ate dinner with your parents?
When was the last time that you ate out?
When was the last time that you baked a cake?
When was the last time that you bought a book?
When was the last time that you cleaned your kitchen?
When was the last time that you cleaned your room?
When was the last time that you climbed a tree?
When was the last time that you did something for the first time?
When was the last time that you drank?
When was the last time that you had a cold?
When was the last time that you had a day off?
When was the last time that you had a headache?
When was the last time that you had a vacation?
When was the last time that you jumped rope?
When was the last time that you lied to your husband?
When was the last time that you mowed the lawn?
When was the last time that you played chess?
When was the last time that you read a bedtime story to your children?
When was the last time that you really had any fun?
When was the last time that you saw Tom doing it?
When was the last time that you saw Tom doing that?
When was the last time that you spoke to Tom?
When was the last time that you spoke with Tom?
When was the last time that you swam across this river?
When was the last time that you swam in an indoor pool?
When was the last time that you talked to Tom?
When was the last time that you talked with Tom?
When was the last time that you told your wife she was beautiful?
When was the last time that you told your wife that she was beautiful?
When was the last time that you took a bath?
When was the last time that you took some time off?
When was the last time that you used a compass?
When was the last time that you used this?
When was the last time that you visited a French-speaking country?
When was the last time that you washed your hair?
When was the last time that you watered the garden?
When was the last time that you went camping?
When was the last time that you went dancing?
When was the last time that you went hunting?
When was the last time that you went sailing?
When was the last time that you went shopping?
When was the last time that you went skating?
When was the last time that you went swimming with Tom?
When was the last time that you went to Boston?
When was the last time that you went to a zoo?
When was the last time that you were here?
When was the last time that you were in Boston?
When was the last time that you were invited to a party?
When was the last time that you were really surprised?
When was the last time that you were this busy?
When was the last time that you wore a uniform?
When was the last time that your defrosted your refrigerator?
When was the last time that your mother got mad at you?
When was the last time the UK had an election?
When was the last time there was a flood around here?
When was the last time this knife was sharpened?
When was the last time this room was cleaned?
When was the last time we met?
When was the last time we saw each other?
When was the last time we spoke?
When was the last time we talked?
When was the last time you accepted a gift?
When was the last time you added sentences to Tatoeba?
When was the last time you advised a friend?
When was the last time you and I saw each other?
When was the last time you and Tom argued?
When was the last time you and Tom played chess together?
When was the last time you and Tom talked to each other?
When was the last time you and Tom went camping together?
When was the last time you and Tom went dancing?
When was the last time you and Tom went fishing together?
When was the last time you and Tom went out together?
When was the last time you and Tom went to Australia together?
When was the last time you and Tom went to Boston together?
When was the last time you and Tom worked together?
When was the last time you angered your mother?
When was the last time you answered the phone?
When was the last time you applied ointment on this wound?
When was the last time you argued with your wife?
When was the last time you asked somebody for help?
When was the last time you asked someone for help?
When was the last time you ate a burrito?
When was the last time you ate a cookie?
When was the last time you ate a decent meal?
When was the last time you ate a home-cooked dinner?
When was the last time you ate a persimmon?
When was the last time you ate a pomegranate?
When was the last time you ate a popsicle?
When was the last time you ate a quail egg?
When was the last time you ate a sloppy joe?
When was the last time you ate an apple?
When was the last time you ate anchovies?
When was the last time you ate asparagus?
When was the last time you ate at Chuck's Diner?
When was the last time you ate at Tom's house?
When was the last time you ate at an expensive restaurant?
When was the last time you ate beef?
When was the last time you ate dinner with your parents?
When was the last time you ate home-made doughnuts?
When was the last time you ate homemade donuts?
When was the last time you ate ice cream?
When was the last time you ate lunch with Tom?
When was the last time you ate mutton?
When was the last time you ate or drank?
When was the last time you ate out?
When was the last time you ate paella?
When was the last time you ate pizza with a fork?
When was the last time you ate pizza?
When was the last time you ate sauerkraut?
When was the last time you ate shrimp?
When was the last time you ate shrimps?
When was the last time you ate spaghetti?
When was the last time you ate spinach?
When was the last time you ate sushi?
When was the last time you ate venison?
When was the last time you ate?
When was the last time you attended a conference?
When was the last time you attended a live concert?
When was the last time you authorized your workers to leave early?
When was the last time you baked a cake?
When was the last time you baked bread?
When was the last time you borrowed books from the library?
When was the last time you bought a book?
When was the last time you bought a lottery ticket?
When was the last time you bought a pineapple?
When was the last time you bought bread?
When was the last time you bought flowers for your wife?
When was the last time you bought shoes?
When was the last time you breast-fed your baby?
When was the last time you broke your glasses?
When was the last time you brought Mary flowers?
When was the last time you brought your dog to the park?
When was the last time you brushed your teeth?
When was the last time you built a sand castle?
When was the last time you burned yourself?
When was the last time you calculated your salary?
When was the last time you called Mary?
When was the last time you called Tom?
When was the last time you called an old friend?
When was the last time you called your parents?
When was the last time you came to visit daddy?
When was the last time you came to visit us?
When was the last time you caught a fish?
When was the last time you celebrated Christmas with your whole family?
When was the last time you changed your password?
When was the last time you changed your windshield wiper blades?
When was the last time you checked the batteries?
When was the last time you checked your e-mail box?
When was the last time you checked your oil level?
When was the last time you checked?
When was the last time you chewed tobacco?
When was the last time you circumcised a little boy?
When was the last time you cleaned the sitting room?
When was the last time you cleaned your apartment?
When was the last time you cleaned your flat?
When was the last time you cleaned your keyboard?
When was the last time you cleaned your kitchen?
When was the last time you cleaned your room?
When was the last time you clicked on an Internet ad?
When was the last time you climbed a mountain?
When was the last time you climbed a tree?
When was the last time you combed your hair?
When was the last time you commented a sentence?
When was the last time you connected to the Internet?
When was the last time you contributed to this project?
When was the last time you cooked a meal from scratch?
When was the last time you cooked a meal?
When was the last time you cooked?
When was the last time you cried, and why?
When was the last time you cried?
When was the last time you crossed a river?
When was the last time you cut the engine?
When was the last time you cut your nails?
When was the last time you danced?
When was the last time you did shopping?
When was the last time you did something for the first time?
When was the last time you did something for the first time? Think about it.
When was the last time you did something like this?
When was the last time you did something spontaneous?
When was the last time you did that with your friends?
When was the last time you did that?
When was the last time you did the dishes?
When was the last time you did this?
When was the last time you didn't pay your rent on time?
When was the last time you dived?
When was the last time you donated blood?
When was the last time you drank a glass of water?
When was the last time you drank alcohol?
When was the last time you drank coffee out of a paper cup?
When was the last time you drank this?
When was the last time you drank tomato juice?
When was the last time you drank water?
When was the last time you dreamed about Tom?
When was the last time you dreamed about me?
When was the last time you dreamt about Mary?
When was the last time you drew a plan?
When was the last time you drove Tom's car?
When was the last time you dusted this room?
When was the last time you dyed your hair?
When was the last time you exercised?
When was the last time you experienced this pain?
When was the last time you exported fruits?
When was the last time you fainted?
When was the last time you fasted?
When was the last time you fed the cows?
When was the last time you fed your dog?
When was the last time you fell off the bed?
When was the last time you felled a tree?
When was the last time you felt love?
When was the last time you felt truly relaxed?
When was the last time you fished?
When was the last time you flew a kite?
When was the last time you forgave someone?
When was the last time you found money on the street?
When was the last time you fried an egg?
When was the last time you gave Tom a gift?
When was the last time you gave a gift to someone?
When was the last time you gave birth?
When was the last time you gave charity?
When was the last time you gave flowers to your wife?
When was the last time you gave someone a compliment?
When was the last time you gave someone a gift?
When was the last time you gave your dog a bath?
When was the last time you gave your wife flowers?
When was the last time you got a gift?
When was the last time you got a haircut?
When was the last time you got a manicure?
When was the last time you got a parking ticket?
When was the last time you got a pedicure?
When was the last time you got drunk?
When was the last time you got lost?
When was the last time you got on your bike?
When was the last time you got your hair cut?
When was the last time you grilled meat?
When was the last time you had a bath?
When was the last time you had a boyfriend?
When was the last time you had a checkup?
When was the last time you had a cold?
When was the last time you had a complete checkup?
When was the last time you had a cup of coffee?
When was the last time you had a date?
When was the last time you had a day off?
When was the last time you had a dizzy spell?
When was the last time you had a girlfriend?
When was the last time you had a good night's sleep?
When was the last time you had a headache?
When was the last time you had a home-cooked meal?
When was the last time you had a lolly?
When was the last time you had a massage?
When was the last time you had a nap?
When was the last time you had a nightmare?
When was the last time you had a physical?
When was the last time you had a real vacation?
When was the last time you had a really good cry?
When was the last time you had a rest?
When was the last time you had a shower?
When was the last time you had a steady job?
When was the last time you had a stomachache?
When was the last time you had a tetanus shot?
When was the last time you had a vacation?
When was the last time you had an accident?
When was the last time you had an ice lolly?
When was the last time you had dinner with your wife?
When was the last time you had fun?
When was the last time you had lunch out?
When was the last time you had pizza?
When was the last time you had sex?
When was the last time you had something to drink?
When was the last time you had the piano tuned?
When was the last time you had to deal with this kind of problem?
When was the last time you had to do this?
When was the last time you had to remind me to do something?
When was the last time you had to use a DVD?
When was the last time you had your eyes examined?
When was the last time you had your hair cut?
When was the last time you had your lithium levels checked?
When was the last time you had your oil changed?
When was the last time you had your tires rotated?
When was the last time you had your vision tested?
When was the last time you heard French being spoken?
When was the last time you heard Tom complain?
When was the last time you heard Tom play the saxophone?
When was the last time you heard Tom snoring?
When was the last time you heard Tom speaking French?
When was the last time you heard Tom talking about Mary?
When was the last time you heard a cat meow?
When was the last time you heard from Tom?
When was the last time you heard geese cackling?
When was the last time you helped Tom do his homework?
When was the last time you helped Tom?
When was the last time you helped someone in need?
When was the last time you helped someone?
When was the last time you helped your wife?
When was the last time you hit a home run?
When was the last time you hopped on your bike?
When was the last time you hugged someone?
When was the last time you hugged your children?
When was the last time you hugged your mother?
When was the last time you hung out with Tom?
When was the last time you hunted?
When was the last time you imported medicines?
When was the last time you invited guests?
When was the last time you ironed your clothes?
When was the last time you jogged?
When was the last time you jumped of joy?
When was the last time you jumped rope?
When was the last time you killed a mouse?
When was the last time you kissed Tom?
When was the last time you kissed a married woman other than your wife or mother?
When was the last time you kissed your husband?
When was the last time you kissed your mother?
When was the last time you kissed your wife?
When was the last time you laughed so hard your stomach hurt?
When was the last time you laughed till you cried?
When was the last time you laughed with friends?
When was the last time you laughed?
When was the last time you learned something surprising?
When was the last time you left work early?
When was the last time you lent your car?
When was the last time you lied to your children?
When was the last time you lied to your husband?
When was the last time you listened to this song?
When was the last time you locked this door?
When was the last time you looked at a starry sky?
When was the last time you looked at yourself in a mirror?
When was the last time you lost something?
When was the last time you lost your keys?
When was the last time you made Mary cry?
When was the last time you made Tom cry?
When was the last time you made a cake?
When was the last time you made a dress?
When was the last time you made up?
When was the last time you made your bed?
When was the last time you made your wife happy?
When was the last time you mailed someone a letter?
When was the last time you massaged your legs?
When was the last time you milked a cow?
When was the last time you missed the train?
When was the last time you mopped the kitchen floor?
When was the last time you mopped the kitchen?
When was the last time you mopped the room?
When was the last time you mopped this floor?
When was the last time you mowed the lawn?
When was the last time you mowed your lawn?
When was the last time you offered flowers to your wife?
When was the last time you opened this bag?
When was the last time you ordered goods?
When was the last time you paid a fine?
When was the last time you painted a picture?
When was the last time you painted your house?
When was the last time you parked your car here?
When was the last time you pegged up the washing?
When was the last time you picked apples from the neighbor's garden?
When was the last time you played a board game?
When was the last time you played a game with your family?
When was the last time you played an acoustic guitar?
When was the last time you played cards with Tom?
When was the last time you played chess with Tom?
When was the last time you played chess?
When was the last time you played golf?
When was the last time you played lacrosse?
When was the last time you played soccer?
When was the last time you played tennis with Tom?
When was the last time you played the accordion?
When was the last time you played the violin?
When was the last time you played violin?
When was the last time you played your guitar?
When was the last time you plucked a chicken?
When was the last time you prayed?
When was the last time you read a bedtime story to your children?
When was the last time you read a book in French?
When was the last time you read a book?
When was the last time you read this magazine?
When was the last time you received a compliment?
When was the last time you received a letter from Tom?
When was the last time you received treatment?
When was the last time you recruited workers?
When was the last time you reflected on your goals?
When was the last time you rented a house?
When was the last time you replaced the filter?
When was the last time you replaced your windshield wiper blades?
When was the last time you revised your lessons at the library?
When was the last time you rode a bicycle?
When was the last time you rode a bike?
When was the last time you rode a horse?
When was the last time you rode your bicycle to school?
When was the last time you said "I love you"?
When was the last time you sang with Tom?
When was the last time you sang?
When was the last time you sat up late?
When was the last time you saw Tom alive?
When was the last time you saw Tom at school?
When was the last time you saw Tom crying?
When was the last time you saw Tom dance?
When was the last time you saw Tom do that?
When was the last time you saw Tom doing that?
When was the last time you saw Tom kissing Mary?
When was the last time you saw Tom ride a unicycle?
When was the last time you saw Tom smile?
When was the last time you saw Tom wear a tie?
When was the last time you saw Tom?
When was the last time you saw a doctor?
When was the last time you saw a starry sky?
When was the last time you saw a wrestling match?
When was the last time you saw an owl?
When was the last time you saw her?
When was the last time you saw him?
When was the last time you saw it?
When was the last time you saw someone wearing clogs?
When was the last time you saw that cat?
When was the last time you saw the cat?
When was the last time you saw the sunrise?
When was the last time you saw the sunshine?
When was the last time you saw them?
When was the last time you saw your boyfriend?
When was the last time you saw your children?
When was the last time you saw your girlfriend, Tom?
When was the last time you saw your mother?
When was the last time you saw your mum?
When was the last time you sent a handwritten letter?
When was the last time you sent a letter abroad?
When was the last time you sewed a button on a shirt?
When was the last time you sharpened this knife?
When was the last time you shaved your beard?
When was the last time you shaved?
When was the last time you showered?
When was the last time you slaughtered a sheep?
When was the last time you slept in a tent?
When was the last time you slept in this room?
When was the last time you slept more than ten hours?
When was the last time you slept on the floor?
When was the last time you slept on the ground?
When was the last time you slept?
When was the last time you smelled gas in this room?
When was the last time you smiled at your wife?
When was the last time you smoked a cigarette?
When was the last time you sold a car?
When was the last time you spent any time with Tom?
When was the last time you spent quality time with your children?
When was the last time you spent time on Facebook?
When was the last time you spoke French to Tom?
When was the last time you spoke French to your parents?
When was the last time you spoke French?
When was the last time you spoke in Esperanto in public?
When was the last time you spoke to Tom?
When was the last time you spoke to her?
When was the last time you spoke to him?
When was the last time you spoke to somebody in French?
When was the last time you spoke to someone in French?
When was the last time you spoke to them?
When was the last time you spoke with Tom?
When was the last time you squashed a spider?
When was the last time you stayed at a hotel?
When was the last time you stayed up all night?
When was the last time you stayed up past midnight?
When was the last time you swam across this river?
When was the last time you swam?
When was the last time you swept the yard?
When was the last time you switched off this lamp?
When was the last time you switched on this machine?
When was the last time you talked to Mary?
When was the last time you talked to Tom?
When was the last time you talked with Tom?
When was the last time you taught driving?
When was the last time you that told someone you loved them?
When was the last time you threw a party?
When was the last time you tidied your room?
When was the last time you told Mary that you loved her?
When was the last time you told Tom that you loved him?
When was the last time you told someone you loved them?
When was the last time you told your wife 'I love you'?
When was the last time you told your wife she was beautiful?
When was the last time you told your wife that she was beautiful?
When was the last time you told your wife you loved her?
When was the last time you took a bath?
When was the last time you took a break?
When was the last time you took a chance?
When was the last time you took a long drive?
When was the last time you took a risk?
When was the last time you took a shower?
When was the last time you took a whole day just for yourself?
When was the last time you took an afternoon nap?
When was the last time you took out the garbage?
When was the last time you took some time off?
When was the last time you took the children to the beach?
When was the last time you took the subway?
When was the last time you touched snow?
When was the last time you trained?
When was the last time you translated a book?
When was the last time you traveled by train?
When was the last time you travelled by train?
When was the last time you travelled on the underground?
When was the last time you treated a patient?
When was the last time you tried a new food?
When was the last time you tried doing that?
When was the last time you tried something new?
When was the last time you tried talking to her?
When was the last time you updated your website?
When was the last time you upset your father?
When was the last time you urinated?
When was the last time you used a broom?
When was the last time you used a camera?
When was the last time you used a compass?
When was the last time you used a fan?
When was the last time you used a fax machine?
When was the last time you used a hammer?
When was the last time you used a ladder?
When was the last time you used a landline?
When was the last time you used a microscope?
When was the last time you used a pair of binoculars?
When was the last time you used a ruler?
When was the last time you used a slide rule?
When was the last time you used a toll road?
When was the last time you used benzodiazepines that were not prescribed to you?
When was the last time you used heroin or methadone?
When was the last time you used opiates?
When was the last time you used these dishes?
When was the last time you used this dictionary?
When was the last time you used this fishing pole?
When was the last time you used this pair of skis?
When was the last time you used this tennis racket?
When was the last time you used your canoe?
When was the last time you used your tent?
When was the last time you visited Australia?
When was the last time you visited Boston?
When was the last time you visited a French-speaking country?
When was the last time you visited a museum?
When was the last time you visited an art gallery?
When was the last time you visited the dentist?
When was the last time you visited this museum?
When was the last time you visited your grandmother?
When was the last time you visited your grandparents?
When was the last time you vomited?
When was the last time you voted?
When was the last time you walked barefoot on a meadow?
When was the last time you walked hand in hand with someone?
When was the last time you walked home?
When was the last time you walked more than three kilometers?
When was the last time you walked to school?
When was the last time you washed clothes?
When was the last time you washed the car?
When was the last time you washed the dishes?
When was the last time you washed these towels?
When was the last time you washed those jeans?
When was the last time you washed your car?
When was the last time you washed your hair?
When was the last time you watched TV?
When was the last time you watched a concert?
When was the last time you watched a documentary?
When was the last time you watched a game in the stadium?
When was the last time you watched a horror movie?
When was the last time you watched a movie that made you cry?
When was the last time you watched a movie?
When was the last time you watered the garden?
When was the last time you watered the trees?
When was the last time you weighed under two hundred pounds?
When was the last time you weighed yourself?
When was the last time you went Christmas caroling?
When was the last time you went bowling?
When was the last time you went camping?
When was the last time you went canoeing?
When was the last time you went dancing?
When was the last time you went downtown?
When was the last time you went fishing with Tom?
When was the last time you went fishing?
When was the last time you went hiking?
When was the last time you went hunting?
When was the last time you went kayaking?
When was the last time you went mountain climbing?
When was the last time you went on a date?
When was the last time you went on a trip?
When was the last time you went rowing?
When was the last time you went sailing?
When was the last time you went shopping with your mother?
When was the last time you went shopping?
When was the last time you went skating?
When was the last time you went skiing with Tom?
When was the last time you went skiing?
When was the last time you went surfing?
When was the last time you went swimming with Tom?
When was the last time you went swimming?
When was the last time you went to Australia with Tom?
When was the last time you went to Australia?
When was the last time you went to Boston with Tom?
When was the last time you went to Boston?
When was the last time you went to a bar?
When was the last time you went to a barber?
When was the last time you went to a dentist?
When was the last time you went to a drive-in movie theater?
When was the last time you went to a family reunion?
When was the last time you went to a flea market?
When was the last time you went to a hot spring?
When was the last time you went to a movie theater?
When was the last time you went to a party?
When was the last time you went to a planetarium?
When was the last time you went to a wedding?
When was the last time you went to a zoo?
When was the last time you went to an amusement park?
When was the last time you went to an art gallery?
When was the last time you went to church?
When was the last time you went to the beach?
When was the last time you went to the dentist?
When was the last time you went to the hospital?
When was the last time you went to the mall?
When was the last time you went to the post office?
When was the last time you went windsurfing?
When was the last time you were angry?
When was the last time you were at a burial ceremony?
When was the last time you were at your parents'?
When was the last time you were drunk?
When was the last time you were here?
When was the last time you were in Australia?
When was the last time you were in Boston?
When was the last time you were in Kosovo?
When was the last time you were invited to a party?
When was the last time you were late for class?
When was the last time you were lost?
When was the last time you were on TV?
When was the last time you were on a date?
When was the last time you were on the metro?
When was the last time you were on vacation?
When was the last time you were out on a date?
When was the last time you were really happy?
When was the last time you were really surprised?
When was the last time you were sick?
When was the last time you were this busy?
When was the last time you withdrew money?
When was the last time you won a prize?
When was the last time you wore a coat?
When was the last time you wore a dress?
When was the last time you wore a hat?
When was the last time you wore a name tag?
When was the last time you wore a suit?
When was the last time you wore a sweater?
When was the last time you wore a tie?
When was the last time you wore a uniform?
When was the last time you wore boots?
When was the last time you wore sunglasses?
When was the last time you wore this pair of gloves?
When was the last time you wore your earrings?
When was the last time you worked overtime?
When was the last time you worked with Tom?
When was the last time you wrote a check?
When was the last time you wrote a letter?
When was the last time you wrote a poem?
When was the last time you wrote an article for us?
When was the last time you wrote to Tom?
When was the last time you yelled at someone?
When was the last time your changed your oil?
When was the last time your changed your password?
When was the last time your defrosted your refrigerator?
When was the last time your had your hair cut?
When was the last time your mother was mad at you?
When was the potato introduced in Japan?
When was the potato introduced into Japan?
When was the theft reported?
When was the university founded?
When was this area annexed to the city?
When was this article written?
When was this book published?
When was this book written?
When was this bridge built?
When was this building built?
When was this car washed?
When was this castle built?
When was this church built?
When was this decided?
When was this decision made?
When was this done?
When was this fort built?
When was this hospital built?
When was this house built?
When was this installed?
When was this museum built?
When was this novel published?
When was this opera written?
When was this package delivered?
When was this photo taken?
When was this photograph taken?
When was this picture taken?
When was this song released?
When was this temple built?
When was this tree planted?
When was this university founded?
When was this wall built?
When was your first day?
When was your first love?
When was your house built?
When was your husband born?
When was your last asthma attack?
When was your last bowel movement?
When was your last day off?
When was your last electrocardiogram?
When was your last haircut?
When was your last hearing test?
When was your last meal?
When was your last tetanus booster?
When was your most recent dental appointment?
When was your wife born?
When washing a knife, be careful not to cut yourself.
When washing knives, be cautious and keep them away from your fingers.
When watching TV, please ensure that the room is brightly lit and watch from a distance.
When water boils, it turns into steam.
When water cools, it can become snow or ice.
When water freezes and becomes solid, we call it ice.
When water freezes it becomes ice.
When water gets to a temperature of 100°C, it starts to boil.
When water is heated, it turns into gas.
When water warms, individual molecules move around faster, expanding the volume that they take up.
When we all estimated the price of the house, York's answer of $20 wasn't even in the same ballpark as the rest of our estimates.
When we allied with them, few allied with others.
When we are asleep, bodily functions slow down and body temperature falls.
When we are away from home, nothing gives us more pleasure than to receive a parcel from home.
When we are hungry, we do not look at the sauce.
When we are in good health, we are apt to forget its value.
When we are in trouble we can take heart from the fact that things often seem worse than they are.
When we are no longer children we are already dead.
When we are praised, we gain confidence.
When we are small, everything seems so big.
When we are spared from calamities, it's just that they didn't find us in the right place.
When we are successful, and we will be, we have a real chance at this new world order, an order in which a credible United Nations can use its peacekeeping role to fulfill the promise and vision of the U.N.'s founders.
When we are together, I forget all the unhappy times we've had.
When we are together, I forget all the unhappy times we’ve had.
When we are together, time seems to stand still.
When we are told not to come, we become all the more eager to go.
When we are very sad, we will cry.
When we are well protected, we can only love the sound of the rain, whether heavy or light.
When we are with a person we don't want to be seen with, we often meet someone we know.
When we are with a person we don’t want to be seen with, we often meet someone we know.
When we are young, we wander on a path, a path of exploration, a path of ebullience, a path of happiness, a path on which we believe that everything is so magical and that all will go our way; however, when we egress from our rainbow-colored shells, we realize this is only a fabrication of reality.
When we arrive at the hotel, our suitcases will already be delivered.
When we arrive in Frankfurt, we must call our friends.
When we arrived at the house, Chin and Chilla were sitting at the top of a broad flight of stairs.
When we arrived at the port, the wind subsided.
When we arrived at the restaurant, I asked where the toilet was, because I needed to wash my hands before eating.
When we arrived at the seaside, it was already dusk.
When we arrived at the stadium, the game had already started.
When we arrived here, he had already left.
When we arrived, all the stores were closed.
When we arrived, it was already 9.30 p.m.
When we arrived, it was already dark.
When we arrived, the crowd had faded away.
When we arrived, the film had started.
When we arrived, the lecture had already begun.
When we ask what is the object of these paradoxes, some have answered that they are a mere logical puzzle, while others have seen in them an Hegelian propaedeutic of the doctrine of Ideas.
When we awoke, we were adrift on the open sea.
When we blow up an image, it usually loses its quality.
When we borrow money, we must agree on the conditions.
When we borrow money, we must agree to the conditions.
When we broke the news to him, he didn't react the way we expected.
When we broke up that poaching gang they swore to knife us, and Sir Edward Holly has actually been attacked. I've always been on my guard since then.
When we call out the name of the city you want to go to, please come to the front.
When we called on him he showed us, by his hygrometer, that the air was very humid, though the temperature was at 86° Fahr., and told us, what probably is true, that in this heavy, hot weather, every wound and bruise, however trifling, is likely to become serious.
When we came home last night, the others were already in bed and fast asleep.
When we came to the crossroads our cab slowed down.
When we can finally sleep, we will rest.
When we checked this morning, the cage was empty.
When we come back, we'll have Tom with us.
When we come to die, we shall be alone. From all our worldly possessions we shall be about to part. Worldly friends â€” the friends drawn to us by our position, our wealth, or our social qualities, â€” will leave us as we enter the dark valley. From those bound to us by stronger ties â€” our kindred, our loved ones, children, brothers, sisters, and from those not less dear to us who have been made our friends because they and we are the friends of the same Saviour, â€” from them also we must part. Yet not all will leave us. There is One who "sticketh closer than a brother" â€” One who having loved His own which are in the world loves them to the end.
When we come to die, we shall be alone. From all our worldly possessions we shall be about to part. Worldly friends — the friends drawn to us by our position, our wealth, or our social qualities, — will leave us as we enter the dark valley. From those bound to us by stronger ties — our kindred, our loved ones, children, brothers, sisters, and from those not less dear to us who have been made our friends because they and we are the friends of the same Saviour, — from them also we must part. Yet not all will leave us. There is One who "sticketh closer than a brother" — One who having loved His own which are in the world loves them to the end.
When we count our blessings, we note all the wonderful things in our lives. This helps us to appreciate how good life is.
When we deal with people, it would be wise to try to separate the sheep from the goats without letting them know it.
When we decorate our Christmas tree, tinsel always gets stuck to our clothes.
When we die, we will no longer be alive.
When we disagree, we can gain new insights.
When we discussed where to go on a picnic, some wanted to go to the forest, others wanted to go to the sea.
When we eat too much, we suffer from indigestion.
When we entered the room, he stood up.
When we entered the room, we took up our talk.
When we entered the shack, we saw a half-eaten pie on the table.
When we experience darkness, we are facing away from the sun. When we experience daylight, we are facing the sun.
When we fight, we win.
When we finally got home, we went directly to bed.
When we found Tom, he was more dead than alive.
When we found Ziri, it was already too late. He was dead.
When we found out that Tom was safe, everyone smiled in relief.
When we found you, you were completely unresponsive.
When we get down to brass tacks, we are all as guilty as the persons who actually committed the crime.
When we get home we can talk about it.
When we get there, we'll all probably die of cholera.
When we go on holiday to the North Sea coast, I don't go swimming because there are far too many jellyfish.
When we go on holiday, our neighbour looks after our cat.
When we go to a restaurant, I never order the same thing Tom and Mary do.
When we go to a restaurant, I never order the same thing Tom does.
When we go to bed, we say "good night".
When we go to heave the rocks uphill to farm in these hilly mountains, we all end up in extreme pain for days after.
When we go to visit France we need a Visa.
When we go to visit France we need a visa.
When we got home last night, the others were already in bed and fast asleep.
When we got home, Tom was already asleep.
When we got home, dad had locked the door and refused to let us in.
When we got married, our parents had already passed away.
When we got out and saw the sun shining on our faces (my glasses well in place on my nose to hide my red eyes) I knew I had lived a very special moment.
When we got there, it was already dark.
When we got to the bus stop, the bus had already left.
When we got to the station, the train had already left.
When we grow old, we wake up every morning with the feeling that the heater is not turned on.
When we had a cooperative Congress, we got a whole lot more done. So far, a lot of Republicans in Congress have been unwilling to act on these agenda items that I just mentioned.
When we have a family argument, my husband always sides with his mother instead of me.
When we have sex, she scratches my back.
When we hear of a divorce we assume it was caused by the inability of those two people to agree upon fundamentals.
When we hear of a divorce we assume that it was caused by the inability of those two people to agree upon fundamentals.
When we heard the whistle, we crossed the road.
When we inspected the tank last week, it wasn't leaking.
When we joined with them, few joined with others.
When we kissed, it felt as if time was standing still.
When we know the value of silence, we'll know the right time to shout.
When we know what God is, we shall be gods ourselves.
When we landed, we saw our friend on the pier.
When we last saw him, he was in perfect health.
When we laughed with her, she blushed.
When we learn languages, we learn fixed expressions.
When we left the house, the rain was lashing down.
When we lived in New York, we rented out the apartment.
When we lived in that house, I loved it.
When we lived in the village, we kept cattle.
When we locked eyes, the hyena ran straight at me.
When we look at each other we know how we feel.
When we look at other places in the universe, it could very well be that photosynthetic life is the exception.
When we look back at our youth, there seems to be an indescribable pain.
When we look outside, we see no one.
When we looked down, we saw a concrete jungle.
When we looked down, we saw a lot of buildings.
When we looked down, we saw many buildings.
When we lose a language we lose information about culture, society and history.
When we made fun of her, she blushed.
When we make love he's so passionate and full of attention.
When we married my parents gave me a house.
When we married my parents gave me this house.
When we met I was really a little girl.
When we met at the airport, she was wreathed in smiles.
When we moved to London, there was a large Muslim community there.
When we moved to our new home we've slept all day because it was laidback.
When we need money we go to the bank.
When we order food I always order a hamburger.
When we pass away, life ends.
When we plant rice, grass grows too, but when we plant grass, it never grows rice. As we're doing "good" things sometimes "bad" things are participating. However, while we're doing "disadvantages" there's no "kindness" with it. Don't get bored of doing "good" things although sometimes imperfect.
When we play tennis, he will outmatch me every time.
When we played in the snow, we used to forget to come home for dinner.
When we put magnets on the pigeon's heads, what was the reaction?
When we put magnets on the pigeon’s heads, what was the reaction?
When we reached the Academy there were scores of students there from all over the Island.
When we reached the fork, we hesitated between continuing towards the town or continuing towards the mountains.
When we reached the summit, we all yelled "Yahoo!"
When we reached the summit, we all yelled out into the void.
When we remember that we are all mad, the mysteries disappear and life stands explained.
When we remember we are all mad, the mysteries disappear and life stands explained.
When we returned home, we heard good messages.
When we returned, there were only eight crew members left.
When we rob this bank we'll have a whole stack of cheddar.
When we rush to complete our work, we make needless errors.
When we saw the animal so near us, we ran away in terror.
When we saw what was happening there, we decided to leave.
When we say liberty, we associate it with Lincoln.
When we say that a language is culturally transmitted - that is, that it is learned rather than inherited - we mean that it is part of that whole complex of learned and shared behavior that anthropologists call culture.
When we say that we don't care about something, we care about it.
When we see everything that God puts up with on earth, we get the impression that he is still experimenting.
When we see social needs in America, my administration will look first to faith-based programs and community groups, which have proven their power to save and change lives.
When we seek to discover the best in others, we somehow bring out the best in ourselves.
When we set out, it was raining, but when we arrived, the sun was shining.
When we sleep, our body temperature drops by several degrees.
When we sleep, our body temperature falls by several degrees.
When we sleep, our breathing becomes more regular.
When we sleep, our breathing becomes steadier.
When we sleep, our heart beats slower.
When we speak of poetry, we do not fear to commend this species of composition, regardless of the miserable trash that from month to month finds its way from the press under the appellation of poetry.
When we speak, we don't actually use semicolons and full stops.
When we spoke Berber, they were laughing at us.
When we started in 2008, we wrote down a list of people that we wanted to hire, then went out and hired them.
When we started out designing web pages, we were the only ones doing it in this part of the country.
When we started out in 2008, we wrote down a list of people that we wanted to hire, then went out and hired them.
When we started out in 2009, I was convinced that our store would become one of the best in the city.
When we started out in the summer of 2010, there were only three of us in the band.
When we started out in this business, many people said that we would fail.
When we started out, our band could only find small clubs in small cities that would hire us.
When we started out, there were things we didn't know.
When we started out, there were things we didn’t know.
When we started out, we didn't really know what we were doing.
When we started out, we didn’t really know what we were doing.
When we started out, we had only 200 dollars between us.
When we started out, we had only three hundred dollars between us.
When we started out, we only had six employees.
When we started out, we only had three employees.
When we started out, we realized if we didn't have a good product, we wouldn't succeed.
When we started out, we realized that if we didn't have a good product, we wouldn't succeed.
When we started out, we realized that if we didn’t have a good product, we wouldn’t succeed.
When we started this business, neither one of us had had any experience.
When we started, we thought that we knew everything, but we later discovered that we did not.
When we stepped off the bus we were immediately surrounded by a throng of children from the village.
When we succeed, we succeed because of our individual initiative, but also because we do things together. There are some things, just like fighting fires, we don't do on our own. I mean, imagine if everybody had their own fire service. That would be a hard way to organize fighting fires.
When we suppress our anger, we disavow a part of our humanity.
When we take her out on walks, she’s eager to chase squirrels and she walks at a fairly fast pace.
When we take something for granted, we do not appreciate it. Sometimes we are not appreciative of our good fortune and blessings until they are gone.
When we take the wind-chill factor into account, the temperature must have been lower than thirty degrees below zero centigrade.
When we talk about war, we're really talking about peace.
When we talk about weather, a whirlwind is a very strong wind that moves in a spinning or swirling motion.
When we tell such lies, I think we are informing others about our own selves.
When we think of nineteenth-century chimney sweeps, we think of ragamuffins with soot on their cheeks.
When we think of the traditional roles of men and women in society, we think of husbands supporting the family, and wives taking care of the house and children.
When we think positively, we find solutions everywhere.
When we think this way, many problems arise.
When we told Koko the news, she was silent for about ten minutes.
When we told Tom the news, he didn't say anything for a few minutes.
When we touch our faces, we in fact calm ourselves down.
When we translate from other languages to ours, we must translate the meaning.
When we united with them, few united with others.
When we visited London, we rode a double-decker bus across the city.
When we want to change behavior, considering motivation is very important. The new behavior should have a more powerful motivation than the old.
When we watch a movie, play a video game, or read a book, we become emotionally attached to certain characters and gradually become like them.
When we went fishing with my father, we always took a lantern with us for illumination when night fell.
When we went out it was sunny, and the sky was all blue and clear.
When we went to Brazil, the first place we headed for was the beach at Botafogo.
When we went to Majorca, Marie was very disappointed.
When we went to karaoke, Tom went on singing all night.
When we went to the hall, the concert had already begun.
When we were about to depart from Rome, it started to rain.
When we were children, my elder brother bound a very thick stack of our comics with strings and glue to make a very thick book out of them. Was it some kind of religious parody in his mind?
When we were children, our dreams were bigger than our fears.
When we were children, the grown-ups carried us astride.
When we were children, we slept in the same room.
When we were going through security, I got pulled out of line for a pat-down.
When we were in a bookshop in Scotland recently, my wife asked the young shop assistant whether he had a Gaelic edition of a certain children's book.
When we were in high school, Tom and I used to hang out a lot together.
When we were in high school, Tom and I used to hang out together.
When we were in school, my best friend and I made our own secret code so we could write messages to each other without other people being able to read them.
When we were kids, Tom and I could talk about anything.
When we were kids, Tom and I did a lot of things together.
When we were kids, my friend and I used to play all kinds of games.
When we were kids, we always loved getting fish fingers.
When we were kids, we always loved having fish fingers.
When we were kids, we always loved it when it was fish fingers.
When we were kids, we always wanted to grow up. Now that we have grown up, we wish we were aware of it.
When we were kids, we played together every day.
When we were kids, we were always happy when it was fish fingers.
When we were kids, we were always happy when there was fish fingers.
When we were kids, you were my best friend.
When we were on the brink of starvation, they saved our lives.
When we were on the way to pick up Monica, we saw something frightening.
When we were small, everything seemed so big.
When we were small, father used to read us moving stories.
When we were teenagers, I didn't like Tom and he didn't like me.
When we were young, Tom and I used to often go fishing together.
When we were young, we never got along too well, did we?
When we were young, we used to go swimming in the river.
When we were younger, Tom and I traveled around the world together.
When we were younger, there was nothing that we couldn't do.
When we win, I'm happy.
When we woke up, Grandfather had brought fresh buns for breakfast.
When we write a novel, we exercise our imagination.
When we're at school, let's pretend we're not dating.
When we're bored, we play hangman.
When we're children, everything around us looks so big.
When we're done eating, I'll do the dishes.
When we're finished, we can leave.
When we're given so many options and we still feel like we didn't pick something that's good, that kind of feels like it's a direct reflection of us.
When we're hand in hand, everything heavy becomes light.
When we're in a hurry, we cut through the park.
When we're not feeling well, there's a tropism toward sweet things.
When we're praised, we gain confidence.
When we're together, I don't worry about the future.
When we're twenty we set ourselves to find life's great treasure. At forty we give up and stop looking for it. At sixty we realize that we've had it all along when we were twenty.
When we're young, we want to grow up. But once we're older, we want to be young again.
When wealth and honours lead to arrogancy, this brings its evil on itself.
When wearing glasses, my hand-eye coordination is considerably diminished.
When well-meaning noobs start giving out advice, expect the end times.
When were Jews first sent to the concentration camps?
When were Tom and Mary arrested?
When were Tom and Mary born?
When were Tom and Mary fired?
When were Tom and Mary here?
When were Tom and Mary hired?
When were Tom and Mary in Boston?
When were Tom and Mary injured?
When were Tom and Mary killed?
When were Tom and Mary supposed to get here?
When were movement restrictions lifted in Algeria?
When were potatoes introduced into Japan?
When were scissors invented?
When were squirrel memes ever a thing?
When were the Americas populated?
When were the elections?
When were the scales last adjusted?
When were these trees planted?
When were they born?
When were you a soldier?
When were you admitted to the university?
When were you at Tom's house?
When were you at the doctor's?
When were you born?
When were you busy yesterday?
When were you fired?
When were you going to tell me?
When were you guys in the hospital?
When were you here last?
When were you in Australia?
When were you in Boston?
When were you in London?
When were you in Rome?
When were you in hospital?
When were you in the army?
When were you in the hospital?
When were you last here?
When were you last in Scotland?
When were you most satisfied in a previous job?
When were you planning on telling Mary that she has to work late on Monday?
When were you planning on telling Tom about what happened?
When were you planning on telling Tom about your accident?
When were you planning on telling Tom and Mary that they have to work late on Monday?
When were you planning on telling Tom that he has to work late on Monday?
When were you planning on telling Tom that?
When were you planning on telling Tom?
When were you planning on telling me?
When were you planning to tell Mary that she has to work late on Monday?
When were you planning to tell Tom and Mary that they have to work late on Monday?
When were you planning to tell Tom?
When were you planning to tell him?
When were you planning to tell me?
When were you released from the prison camp?
When were you sacked?
When were you there?
When were you thinking of coming back to the States?
When were you thinking of going there?
When were you with Tom?
When were your books delivered?
When we’re young we think we’re different from everyone else, but when we grow a little older we discover we’re all very much of a muchness.
When white light shines through a prism, the light is separated into all its colors.
When will Algeria address these issues?
When will Algeria enjoy an influx of foreign manufacturers?
When will Algeria enter the high-income status?
When will Algeria finally become a democracy?
When will Algeria move its capital from Algiers to Boughezoul?
When will Algeria move its capital to Boughezoul?
When will Algeria relocate its capital from Algiers to Boughezoul?
When will Algeria return to democracy?
When will Algeria start to move its capital from Algiers to Boughezoul?
When will Algeria's economy boom?
When will Algeria's economy take off?
When will Audacity be available in Kabyle?
When will Earth meet its end?
When will Esperanto win?
When will Father be back?
When will Hans be back from Holland?
When will Henry Kissinger die?
When will I be able to download the new data?
When will I be able to talk to Tom?
When will I be free?
When will I be paid?
When will I eat Kiwi?
When will I ever learn to mind my own business and keep my big mouth shut?
When will I get my car back?
When will I get my chance in the spotlight?
When will I get paid?
When will I get to Boston?
When will I get to Tokyo?
When will I get to see the effect of this soap?
When will I get to testify?
When will I go back to school?
When will I see him?
When will I see you again?
When will I see you next?
When will I stop being a burden?
When will I write a good play?
When will Latin classes start?
When will Latin finally be buried as a dead tongue?
When will Liisa's party come off?
When will Mary be going?
When will Mary become a mother?
When will Mary get back home?
When will Mary leave?
When will Mother be back, Father?
When will Mother come home?
When will Mr. Suzuki be leaving Japan?
When will Poles and Germans be friends?
When will Santali Medium be launched in Jharkhand?
When will Sita go to Eluru?
When will Tebboune's term end?
When will Tom and Mary arrive?
When will Tom and Mary do that next?
When will Tom and Mary do that?
When will Tom arrive?
When will Tom be arriving?
When will Tom be at the airport?
When will Tom be back?
When will Tom be coming back?
When will Tom be discharged from the hospital?
When will Tom be doing that?
When will Tom be getting out of the hospital?
When will Tom be here?
When will Tom be home?
When will Tom be in Boston?
When will Tom be released from jail?
When will Tom be released from prison?
When will Tom be released from the jail?
When will Tom be returning?
When will Tom be there?
When will Tom call you?
When will Tom come here?
When will Tom come home this evening?
When will Tom come home?
When will Tom come to Australia?
When will Tom come to Boston?
When will Tom come?
When will Tom do it?
When will Tom do that next?
When will Tom do that?
When will Tom do this?
When will Tom eat?
When will Tom fly again?
When will Tom get back from Australia?
When will Tom get back from Boston?
When will Tom get back home?
When will Tom get back to Boston?
When will Tom get back?
When will Tom get here?
When will Tom get home?
When will Tom get out of prison?
When will Tom get there?
When will Tom get to Boston?
When will Tom give up?
When will Tom go home?
When will Tom go to Australia?
When will Tom go to Boston?
When will Tom help us?
When will Tom learn how to do that?
When will Tom leave Australia?
When will Tom leave Boston?
When will Tom leave for Australia?
When will Tom leave for Boston?
When will Tom leave?
When will Tom recover?
When will Tom return home?
When will Tom return it to us?
When will Tom show up?
When will Tom sing?
When will Tom understand it?
When will Tom visit us again?
When will Tom wake up?
When will Tom's plane be landing?
When will Western Sahara gain its independence?
When will Yanni be in Algiers?
When will Yuko come to Denver?
When will a new video be out?
When will a new video come out?
When will all the lies about us stop?
When will autumn arrive?
When will be the El Hamdania seaport operational?
When will big companies like Microsoft and Apple set up shops in Algeria?
When will breakfast be ready?
When will classes start?
When will dinner be ready?
When will dinner be ready? I'm hungry.
When will dinner be ready? I'm terribly hungry.
When will dinner be served?
When will electric vehicles replace traditional vehicles in Algeria?
When will enough be enough?
When will flights to Manila resume?
When will he arrive at the airport?
When will he be able to stand on his own feet?
When will he be back?
When will he be busy?
When will he be coming back?
When will he be finished?
When will he be freed?
When will he come?
When will he depart for London?
When will he give it to you?
When will he go home?
When will he go?
When will he leave for Beijing?
When will he return home?
When will her marriage ceremony be held?
When will her new novel be out?
When will her new novel be published?
When will her wedding be held?
When will his new novel appear?
When will his new novel be out?
When will his new novel be published?
When will his new novel come out?
When will his train reach Kyoto?
When will his train to Kyoto arrive?
When will his wedding be held?
When will human greed end?
When will humans be living on Mars?
When will it arrive?
When will it be Friday?
When will it be autumn?
When will it be available?
When will it be convenient for you to come?
When will it be convenient for you?
When will it be good?
When will it be ready?
When will it begin?
When will it end?
When will it ever end?
When will it finally be over?
When will it finally be spring again?
When will it finally be summer again?
When will it get better?
When will it get warmer?
When will it happen for Tom?
When will it happen?
When will it rain again?
When will it rain?
When will it snow?
When will it start?
When will it stop raining?
When will it stop?
When will it suit you to start?
When will life leave my mortal body?
When will life return to normal?
When will lunch be ready?
When will moon tourism become a reality?
When will my periods return after a miscarriage?
When will my periods start again after pregnancy?
When will my work be finished?
When will people realize that this is not the right way to go about things?
When will people return to their normal way of life?
When will people vacation on Mars?
When will people visit Mars as tourists?
When will she arrive at the airport?
When will she arrive?
When will she be able to go to my home?
When will she be back?
When will she be coming back?
When will she come back?
When will she come home?
When will she come?
When will she do that?
When will she get home?
When will she have to go abroad?
When will she leave for Athens?
When will she return home?
When will spring finally be back?
When will sunrise be tomorrow?
When will that be?
When will that change?
When will that mystery be cleared up?
When will that new school open?
When will that novel be published?
When will that occur?
When will that picture I wanted enlarged be ready?
When will the Algeria East-West Highway be fully complete?
When will the French course start?
When will the Italian class start?
When will the Italian classes start?
When will the Italian course start?
When will the Japanese class start?
When will the Japanese classes start?
When will the Japanese course start?
When will the Latin courses start?
When will the MCA take place?
When will the New York Times start fact-checking its own Opinion section?
When will the Sun explode?
When will the bad news end?
When will the blockade at the port be lifted?
When will the book fair next take place?
When will the books be delivered?
When will the bus be here?
When will the celebration take place?
When will the circumcision party be held?
When will the concert be held?
When will the concert begin?
When will the concert start?
When will the construction be finished?
When will the coronavirus disappear?
When will the coronavirus pandemic end?
When will the debate take place?
When will the end of the world happen?
When will the faithful join the procession?
When will the film be released?
When will the film start?
When will the final exam be?
When will the food be ready?
When will the funeral be held?
When will the funeral be?
When will the game be released?
When will the holidays be over?
When will the latest edition of this paper be out?
When will the law go into force?
When will the lawyer finally call me?
When will the manager be back?
When will the match start?
When will the meeting start?
When will the most probable hypothetical accident occur?
When will the new magazine come out?
When will the new version be released?
When will the new weekly magazine come out?
When will the next World Cup be held?
When will the next World Cup take place?
When will the next bus come?
When will the next episode air?
When will the next game begin?
When will the next issue of the magazine be released?
When will the next train arrive?
When will the number 4 bus arrive?
When will the party take place?
When will the performance begin?
When will the port blockade be lifted?
When will the prisoners be executed?
When will the rain stop?
When will the rainy season be over?
When will the repair be finished?
When will the report be ready?
When will the results be known?
When will the resurrection be?
When will the roses be out in your garden?
When will the roses in your garden be out?
When will the roses in your garden bloom?
When will the semifinal take place?
When will the ship go to sea?
When will the ship set sail?
When will the show begin?
When will the snow melt?
When will the stock arrive?
When will the store open?
When will the sun be coming up tomorrow?
When will the sun rise tomorrow?
When will the time come?
When will the train arrive?
When will the trains start running again?
When will the trees blossom?
When will the war be over?
When will the war end?
When will the wedding be?
When will the winners be announced?
When will the world come to an end?
When will their new novel be published?
When will there be an end to this madness?
When will there be more information?
When will these jets enter production?
When will they appoint someone to replace Tom?
When will they arrive at the airport?
When will they arrive?
When will they be back?
When will they be coming back?
When will they be getting back from the movies?
When will they come back?
When will they depart for Boston?
When will they depart for Vienna?
When will they do that?
When will they finish installing the electricity?
When will they finish the construction?
When will they give a concert?
When will they give up?
When will they go?
When will they have that picture ready that I wanted to get blown up?
When will they open the meeting?
When will they pay me?
When will they start logging?
When will they start playing?
When will they turn off the no-smoking sign?
When will this all end?
When will this be acted upon?
When will this be done?
When will this be ready?
When will this be returned to me?
When will this end?
When will this go on sale?
When will this injustice end?
When will this lesson end?
When will this machine be put in motion again?
When will this misery end?
When will this movie end?
When will this paper's latest edition be out?
When will this rain clear?
When will this rain let up?
When will this song end?
When will this start?
When will this stop?
When will this war end?
When will tomorrow arrive?
When will uncle come from Vijayawada?
When will vacation begin?
When will we arrive at Barcelona?
When will we arrive in Boston?
When will we arrive in Tokyo?
When will we arrive?
When will we be able to meet up?
When will we be able to meet?
When will we be there?
When will we do that?
When will we drive home?
When will we eat dinner, Mom?
When will we eat?
When will we eat? - Soon.
When will we get home?
When will we get the results?
When will we get there?
When will we get to Boston?
When will we get to Sydney?
When will we go back to Australia?
When will we go back to Boston?
When will we go back?
When will we go home?
When will we go to the beach?
When will we go?
When will we have a female president?
When will we have arrived?
When will we have lunch?
When will we know the results?
When will we leave?
When will we meet again?
When will we meet?
When will we reach a higher language level?
When will we reach the airport?
When will we repaint her room?
When will we return to normal life?
When will we see Tom again?
When will we see each other again?
When will we see each other?
When will we start taking lessons?
When will we start to eat?
When will we stop sitting by and watching?
When will we travel to France?
When will you advance?
When will you and Tom be meeting?
When will you arrive at the airport?
When will you arrive in Paris?
When will you arrive today?
When will you arrive?
When will you be able to finish that job?
When will you be able to see it?
When will you be arriving at the airport?
When will you be arriving at the house?
When will you be arriving?
When will you be at home?
When will you be at the airport?
When will you be away?
When will you be back from holiday?
When will you be back from the pub?
When will you be back from your holiday?
When will you be back from your trip?
When will you be back home?
When will you be back in Australia?
When will you be back in Boston?
When will you be back in Italy?
When will you be back?
When will you be busy tomorrow?
When will you be coming back from Australia?
When will you be coming back from Boston?
When will you be coming back here again?
When will you be coming back to Boston?
When will you be coming back?
When will you be coming to Australia?
When will you be coming to Boston?
When will you be coming to Scotland?
When will you be coming to Scottland?
When will you be doing that?
When will you be finished?
When will you be free this week?
When will you be free?
When will you be getting home?
When will you be going home?
When will you be going?
When will you be having your honeymoon?
When will you be here next?
When will you be home tomorrow?
When will you be home?
When will you be in Australia?
When will you be in Boston?
When will you be in London?
When will you be moving out?
When will you be moving?
When will you be of age?
When will you be online?
When will you be ready to go?
When will you be ready to leave?
When will you be ready?
When will you be sitting your exam?
When will you be staying here till?
When will you be talking to Tom?
When will you begin building?
When will you begin?
When will you bring back my umbrella?
When will you buy yourself a new laptop?
When will you call Tom back?
When will you call me?
When will you call?
When will you come again?
When will you come back from Boston?
When will you come back from Campo Grande?
When will you come back from Milan?
When will you come back home?
When will you come back to Australia?
When will you come back to Boston?
When will you come back to Italy?
When will you come back to school?
When will you come back to the country?
When will you come back?
When will you come home this evening?
When will you come home?
When will you come to Algeria?
When will you come to Australia?
When will you come to Boston?
When will you come?
When will you commence the construction work?
When will you complete the preparations?
When will you depart for Berlin?
When will you depart for Moscow?
When will you depart for Paris?
When will you do it?
When will you do that next?
When will you do that?
When will you do this?
When will you eat lunch?
When will you eventually get out of the bathroom?
When will you ever learn how to brush your teeth properly?
When will you ever learn?
When will you ever loosen your purse strings?
When will you finally understand your mistakes?
When will you find out whether you passed the course or not?
When will you finish this translation?
When will you finish your assignment?
When will you finish your homework?
When will you finish your work?
When will you finish?
When will you fix it?
When will you forgive me?
When will you get a crocodile?
When will you get back to town?
When will you get back?
When will you get here?
When will you get home?
When will you get married?
When will you get ready to leave?
When will you get through with work?
When will you get to Boston?
When will you get to the airport?
When will you get up?
When will you give me back my book?
When will you give me back the money you borrowed from me a year ago?
When will you give me back the money?
When will you give me my book back?
When will you give me your answer?
When will you give up?
When will you go back in Australia?
When will you go back to Australia?
When will you go back to Boston?
When will you go back to Germany?
When will you go back to Japan?
When will you go back to the United States?
When will you go home?
When will you go on a journey?
When will you go out?
When will you go shopping?
When will you go to Armenia?
When will you go to Australia next?
When will you go to Australia?
When will you go to Berlin?
When will you go to Boston next?
When will you go to Boston?
When will you go to Germany?
When will you go to Japan?
When will you go to Paris?
When will you go to São Paulo?
When will you go to school?
When will you go?
When will you graduate?
When will you grow up?
When will you guys have a crocodile?
When will you harvest your wheat?
When will you have a crocodile?
When will you have an opportunity to see me?
When will you have dinner?
When will you have enough?
When will you have holidays?
When will you have the report ready?
When will you have time to do all this?
When will you have time to do that?
When will you know more?
When will you know?
When will you leave for Australia?
When will you leave for Boston?
When will you leave for New York?
When will you leave for Rome?
When will you leave for Tokyo?
When will you leave for the Moon? We all need you.
When will you leave for the party?
When will you leave here?
When will you leave tomorrow?
When will you leave?
When will you let me know?
When will you live in Sanda next year?
When will you make them cut your hair?
When will you move to Australia?
When will you move to Germany?
When will you move?
When will you need it?
When will you next be here?
When will you next visit?
When will you open?
When will you pay me?
When will you phone Tom?
When will you phone me?
When will you phone?
When will you realize that Mennad is no saint?
When will you retire?
When will you return home?
When will you return my book to me?
When will you return the borrowed money?
When will you return the money to me?
When will you return to Boston?
When will you return?
When will you ring Tom?
When will you ring me?
When will you ring?
When will you see Tom again?
When will you see him again?
When will you send me one of your photos?
When will you start getting ready to leave?
When will you start the construction?
When will you start working for the company again?
When will you start?
When will you stop disappointing our family?
When will you stop lying?
When will you stop running roughshod over others?
When will you stop scheming?
When will you take a bath?
When will you take a break?
When will you teach Tom how to do that?
When will you tell Tom?
When will you tell him?
When will you tell me the result?
When will you travel to Paris?
When will you understand?
When will you visit me again?
When will you visit me in Sweden?
When will you visit me?
When will you visit us?
When will your assignment be completed?
When will your book be published?
When will your debt be paid?
When will your father arrive?
When will your father come home?
When will your father come?
When will your friends be back?
When will your homework be finished?
When will your mum return from the hospital?
When will your new novel be published?
When will your new novel come out?
When will your new store open?
When will your parents get home?
When will your train arrive in Boston?
When will your train arrive in Kyoto?
When will your wedding be held?
When will your wedding be?
When wine comes in, wisdom goes out.
When wine goes in, common sense goes out.
When wine is in, truth is out.
When winter comes, it'll become really cold, right?
When wisdom comes, hair goes!
When women are together, they always laugh.
When women love us, they forgive us everything, even our crimes; when they do not love us, they give us credit for nothing, not even our virtues.
When women succeed, America succeeds.
When wood is chopped, woodchips will fly.
When words get confused, the world gets thrown into confusion.
When would Mary like me to come over and help her with her homework?
When would Tom and Mary like me to come over and help them with their homework?
When would Tom like me to come over and help him with his homework?
When would Tom like me to do that?
When would Tom like to do that?
When would Tom like to eat?
When would Tom like to go swimming?
When would Tom like to go there?
When would Tom like us to be there?
When would Tom like us to do that?
When would be a convenient time for you?
When would be a good time to do that?
When would be best?
When would be better for you?
When would be convenient for you?
When would he have reacted?
When would he react?
When would it be convenient for you?
When would this be said?
When would you be able to have a telecom ?
When would you be here?
When would you have time to come over and help me move my piano?
When would you like me to be there?
When would you like me to come back?
When would you like me to come over?
When would you like me to do that?
When would you like me to pick you up?
When would you like to arrive?
When would you like to begin?
When would you like to do that?
When would you like to eat?
When would you like to go?
When would you like to have your coffee?
When would you like to leave?
When would you like to meet?
When would you like to see him?
When would you like to start?
When would you like us to start?
When would you use a graph database versus a relational database?
When writing English, she rarely makes a mistake.
When writing a dissertation, it is important to heavily scrutinise your secondary sources.
When writing a sentence, generally you start with a capital letter and finish with a period (.), an exclamation mark (!), or a question mark (?).
When writing about your accomplishments, it's important to keep a balance between confidence and humility.
When writing for a German newspaper, every few sentences you should replace some grammatical case with a dative, or a noun with its English translation, to make your article linguistically more interesting.
When writing poetry, the author likes to use alliterations.
When writing the galactic tales of his Foundation Series, Isaac Asimov reportedly had to deal with an editor that did not want aliens in the stories. So, just humans populated the whole galaxy. The result is still very, very interesting.
When writing your application essays, it's best to approach each question from a different perspective and not write them all about the same things, so that you can show a more complete picture of yourself.
When written as a numerical date, March 14, 2015 is 3/14/15, corresponding to the first five digits of pi (3.1415) - a once-in-a-century coincidence!
When x equals 0, y equals 25, and when x equals 150, y equals 80. What is x when y equals 60?
When x² = −1, the number x (which is not a real number) is written as "sqrt(−1)" or "i", and is called the imaginary unit.
When ye have lifted up the Son of Man, then shall ye know that I am he.
When yelling doesn't work, yell louder!
When yet half a block away from the market one became aurally aware of it.
When you add two odd numbers together, you always get an even number.
When you all said that your sister wasn't your responsibility, I wanted to kick you all out of the house.
When you allied with them, few allied with others.
When you analyse what he says, it seems somewhat naïve and simplistic.
When you apologize, you lay the foundation for a future offense.
When you are away, I feel lost.
When you are caught on the horns of a dilemma, think of the frescoes of Knossos.
When you are cheerful, books can increase your happiness; when you are sad, books can lessen your sorrow.
When you are constantly told no smoking, no smoking like that, you start thinking, maybe smoking really is a threat to public morals or something.
When you are dead, you don't know that you are dead. The pain is only felt by others. The same thing happens when you are stupid.
When you are driving, you should make way for ambulances.
When you are driving, you should slow down on corners.
When you are hungry, anything tastes good.
When you are in Rome, act like the Romans.
When you are in Rome, comport yourself as a Roman.
When you are in desperation and you want to turn to a religion, turn to one that makes sense for you, not trying to please others.
When you are in love, you must say it!
When you are in trouble, you can count on me.
When you are learning to ski, it's best to avoid steep hills.
When you are meeting a girl, you have to act confident.
When you are on the battlefield, who you are fighting for is the man next to you.
When you are sad, do something creative.
When you are talking to someone, sometimes you are unaware that subtly, you are talking about yourself and what is happening in your own life.
When you are traveling with a big group, you need to have pretty much everything prearranged.
When you are using an "altazimuth" telescope mount, the altitude is measured vertically from the ground at 0 degrees to the zenith straight overhead at 90 degrees, and the azimuth is measured horizontally, where 0 degrees points due north, 90 degrees is east, 180 degrees is south, and 270 degrees is west.
When you are walking down the road, it is possible to meet lots of people.
When you are walking down the road, you can meet lots of people.
When you are with an indecisive group, confidently propose something that no one would agree to.
When you are young and healthy, you can want to kill yourself on Monday and laugh again on Wednesday.
When you are young you need somebody willing to give you a start in life.
When you aren't here, everything goes wrong.
When you arise in the morning, think of what precious privilege it is to be alive, to breathe, to be happy.
When you arrive in Osaka, please contact me.
When you arrive on the train in Cologne and step out in front of the station, the cathedral towers up immediately to your left.
When you arrived, he had just left.
When you arrived, the ceremony had already happened.
When you arrived, the ceremony had already taken place.
When you assault them, they become victims, which is exactly what they want.
When you back up into a tree, you make the boot smaller.
When you back up into a tree, you make the trunk smaller.
When you bang your head against a pot and it sounds hollow, it is not necessarily the pot that is empty.
When you become Muslim, you submit to the will of God.
When you become a father you realise how complicated this role is.
When you begin downloading, please press the "Save" button.
When you betray somebody else, you also betray yourself.
When you blet medlars, you let them sit to soften in a dark corner until they become edible.
When you breathe out in cold weather, you can see your breath.
When you buy a <xxx> television get 1 year of subscription free.
When you buy a car, your money goes away.
When you buy a house, read the documents carefully.
When you buy a product using one of my affiliate links, the company pays me.
When you buy a washing machine, make sure you measure where it will be installed.
When you buy clothes, do you ask yourself where they were made?
When you buy something online, you never know if it will be the real McCoy or some cheap knockoff.
When you buy something, examine it carefully before you buy it.
When you buy something, you have to pay for it.
When you called, I was already awake.
When you can come to my house, please call me first.
When you can not achieve what you want, you'd better change your attitude.
When you can't change the direction of the wind - adjust your sails.
When you can't do what you want, you do what you can.
When you can’t do what you want, you do what you can.
When you catch me off guard, it really puts me on the spot.
When you cause problems with the wrong people, those problems will come pay you back, or come back to haunt you.
When you change a tyre, you should also change the corresponding tyre on the other end of the axle.
When you click "save", the download will begin.
When you come across a bad person, better keep away.
When you come across new words, you must look them up in your dictionary.
When you come across unknown words, you have to look them up in the dictionary.
When you come and visit me, I'll introduce you to my friends.
When you come back from the United States, I will have already graduated.
When you come back, I won't be here.
When you come back, I won't be there anymore.
When you come back, I'll be gone.
When you come back, I’ll be gone.
When you come back, buy milk.
When you come back, don't forget to visit me.
When you come in from outside, take your shoes off, otherwise you'll make my kitchen dirty.
When you come next time, bring your brother.
When you come out with me, you'll see we'll have a nice time.
When you come to Boston, I'll show you around.
When you come to France, we will go to Marseille.
When you come to Hawaii, I'll show you around.
When you come to Hawaii, I’ll show you around.
When you come to Rio, I will show you the whole city.
When you come to the traffic lights, turn left.
When you compare this dictionary with that one, you can easily see which is better.
When you confront a sociopath and reproach them with stealing your work, they would manipulatively make it seem like you're being paranoid.
When you conjugate a Berber verb, you need to change its spelling.
When you consider all life on Earth, billions of human beings are a relatively small number when compared to trees, earthworms or even viruses.
When you consume, you don't rebel.
When you contact me, please do so by phone.
When you convert to Islam, you're not obliged to take an Arab name.
When you converted to Islam and your family ostracized you, did you get any support from Muslims?
When you cough or sneeze, cover your mouth with the crook of your elbow or a handkerchief.
When you create an ID on our website, you have to provide some personal information.
When you criticise, you make yourself unpopular.
When you criticize his work, you should take into account his lack of experience.
When you cross a busy street, pay attention.
When you cross the bridge, don't look down.
When you cross the date line, you become a time traveler of sorts! Cross to the west and it’s one day later; cross back and you’ve "gone back in time."
When you cross the street, watch out for cars.
When you dance with the bear, you can't stop until the bear wants to stop.
When you decide that it's time for us to part ways, I can always tell by the things you don't say and those you don't show.
When you decide which plan you want, please notify us in writing.
When you dedicate your life to a holy cause as a duty, you are fettered.
When you demonize the indigenous people of some land, people from other countries would not question the occupation of their land or even their extermination. Brand them as "savage" or "terrorists", and nobody would question the confiscation of their land.
When you didn't come this morning, I was worried that something had happened.
When you die do you become closer to God because you no longer exist?
When you die, I will be happy.
When you die, all your riches will become worthless to you.
When you die, do you become a skeleton or an angel?
When you die, what would you like people to remember you as?
When you die, you will begin to see more.
When you disembark the flight, you will go through passport control.
When you dislike others, you are disliked by them in turn.
When you do it, you make it look easy.
When you do not know if someone really loves you as much as you love him, it is very hard to truly love him.
When you do that is up to you.
When you do that, I would slap you.
When you do things and don't explain why, people are left to speculate as to your motives.
When you don't eat leafy foods, you can't get vitamins.
When you don't have any hobbies life can be lonely.
When you don't have anything to lose, the world is yours.
When you don't have brains, your feet get no rest.
When you don't have what you love, you should love what you have.
When you don't know what to do, ask the host.
When you don't like something, say so.
When you don't like something, you ought to be allowed to say so.
When you don't like something, you should be allowed to say so.
When you don't moderate, you just end up with a bunch of Nazis spamming your site and everyone else being turned off.
When you don't understand something, it's because you don't know the context.
When you don’t eat leafy foods, you can’t get vitamins.
When you don’t know what to do, ask the host.
When you doubt, abstain.
When you drink soup, don't make any slurping sound.
When you drink soup, don’t make any hissing sound.
When you drink water, do not forget those who dug the well.
When you drive for a long time, you have to stop to stretch your legs every once in a while.
When you drive in Japan, remember to keep to the left.
When you earnestly believe you can compensate for your lack of skill by doubling your efforts, there's no end to what you can't do.
When you eat pancakes, how many do you usually eat?
When you employ him, you must make allowances for his youth.
When you encounter difficulties, friends can help you deal with them.
When you encounter sticky spots, don't ignore them; address them promptly.
When you enter a conversation, you should have something to say.
When you enter a tunnel, you need to turn on your headlights.
When you enter the classroom, you should take off your cap.
When you enter the tunnel, you need to turn on your lights.
When you exercise your heart beats faster.
When you expect to get something for nothing, the only person you're fooling is yourself.
When you expose crimes against humanity you are not a spy, you are a hero.
When you fall in love with someone, you aren't interested in anyone else.
When you fall off the stairs, you're downstairs quickly.
When you fall off the stairs, you’re downstairs quickly.
When you feel a thirst for water overwhelming you, then water is unbeatable for quenching your thirst.
When you feel an intense thirst for water coming on, water is your safest bet.
When you feel anger - just don't react.
When you feel lonely, remember the happy moments we spent together.
When you feel something, put it into words. It has a therapeutic effect.
When you feel tired, there is nothing like having a bath.
When you feel tired, there is nothing like taking a bath.
When you feel tired, there's nothing better than a bath.
When you figure out the roots of your problems, you'll be able to solve them.
When you find Mary, inform me.
When you find Tom, let me know.
When you find Tom, please let me know.
When you find something that you are good at and that you enjoy, it's a great thing.
When you find yourself in a hole, you just have to dig yourself out.
When you find yourself in hell you don't take time to adjust the thermostat.
When you finish doing the laundry, please mow the lawn.
When you finish eating that, come back for more.
When you finish reading that book, put it back where you found it.
When you finish reading the book, can you lend it to me?
When you finish reading this letter, burn it.
When you finish the laundry, please mow the lawn.
When you frequently communicate and have relationships with people from other countries and cultures, you end up learning a lot of things, though sometimes that can be due to misunderstandings and surprises.
When you get a chance, check out the new restaurant down the street.
When you get a little older, you'll understand why.
When you get back, don't forget to visit me.
When you get caught in an unexpected downpour, you won't get wet by opening the umbrella in a push of a button.
When you get home, do your homework first.
When you get home, text me.
When you get into a commuter train, you see the briefcases neatly stacked on the racks.
When you get lost in the forest, it's important to not move.
When you get married and have kids, you'll realize that actions speak louder than words.
When you get married and have kids, you’ll realize that actions speak louder than words.
When you get older, some parts of your body start to sag a little, or a lot.
When you get on the highway, shift into fifth gear.
When you get on the road, expect people to be assholes.
When you get out of the bath, dry yourself off before going into the dressing room.
When you get out of the toilet, wash your hands.
When you get there, call me.
When you get there, please call me.
When you get there, wait for a while.
When you get to Boston, please contact me.
When you get to Boston, text me.
When you get to Park Street, turn right.
When you get to be my age, you'll understand what I mean.
When you get to the traffic lights, turn right.
When you get your phone, the battery is precharged.
When you give bullies what they want, they come back for more.
When you give him money, he buys alcohol with it.
When you go abroad, it is useful to learn at least some polite phrases in the local language.
When you go abroad, you'd better keep in mind that tipping is customary.
When you go abroad, you’d better keep in mind that tipping is necessary.
When you go after honey with a balloon, the great thing is not to let the bees know you're coming.
When you go back, the selection you made is canceled.
When you go out, put on your jacket; otherwise you may catch cold.
When you go out, take out the trash.
When you go out, take the rubbish with you.
When you go through puberty, you're going from childhood into adulthood.
When you go to Boston, could I go with you?
When you go to Boston, where do you plan to stay?
When you go to Boston, where do you stay?
When you go to Romania, you will see more.
When you go to Romania, you will visit Dracula's Castle.
When you go to Romania, you will visit Dracula’s Castle.
When you go to play at a friend's house, you need to be well behaved and obedient.
When you go to the beach you see the immensity of the universe contained in the ocean.
When you go to the grocery store, pick up some cottage cheese, please.
When you go visit the grave, don't forget to bring incense and candles, oh, and flowers too.
When you go visit, it looks more modern than many of the buildings around it and it's 110 years old ... It wouldn't look odd with a Tesla in front of it.
When you go, I'll miss you very much.
When you go, I’ll miss you very much.
When you go, take the rubbish out with you.
When you grow up, maybe Tom will no longer be alive.
When you grow up, you'll understand this.
When you harvest medlars, you need to blet them before you eat them.
When you have a cold, you should drink plenty of liquids.
When you have a free moment, come.
When you have a minute, could I talk to you?
When you have a question, ask the teacher.
When you have a stuffy nose, all your bilabial consonants will sound the same.
When you have a sudden thirst for water, there's nothing as quenchable and as satisfactory as water.
When you have a sudden thirst, water will help you feel rehydrated faster than any other drink.
When you have allergies, eating at a restaurant is a huge pain.
When you have an urgent need to quench your thirst, water will always be the drink of choice.
When you have coins in a bag, the false friends come in hordes.
When you have difficulties, I will help you.
When you have difficulties, I'll help you.
When you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
When you have exhausted all possibilities, remember this: you haven't.
When you have few goals, you get older.
When you have finished reading this letter, burn it.
When you have food allergies, eating out is difficult, isn't it?
When you have free time, please come and play.
When you have kids of your own, you'll understand.
When you have no children, you're jealous of those who have them and when you have them, they drive you crazy! The Blessed Virgin had only one child, and look at the troubles he caused her.
When you have nothing, aim low; when you get somewhere, aim high.
When you have reached it, you will see it.
When you have shut the doors and made a darkness within, remember never to say that you are alone; for you are not alone, but God is within, and your Guardian Spirit.
When you have some free time, please do that.
When you have something to say, count to ten before saying it.
When you have things you don't understand written on you, what will you do, if you get unexpected results?
When you have things you don’t understand written on you, what will you do, if you get unexpected results?
When you have time you should read this book.
When you have time, read this.
When you have written your name, please write the date.
When you have written your name, write the date.
When you have your own house then you can make your own rules.
When you hear "clan and sept," you should think "all the relatives since forever and some of the allies, too."
When you hear Stefan talk, you can only scratch your head.
When you hear her stories you really must take them with a pinch of salt.
When you hear hoofbeats behind you, don't expect to see a zebra.
When you hear hoofbeats behind you, don’t expect to see a zebra.
When you hear the bell, come quickly.
When you hear the bell, come right away.
When you hear the name Algiers, what comes to your mind?
When you hear two rings on the phone, that will be the signal that I'm leaving.
When you hold me in your arms, I feel safe.
When you hold my hand I understand the magic that you do.
When you hurt others, you also hurt yourself.
When you joined with them, few joined with others.
When you know Muslims better, you'd become closer to them.
When you know a thing, to hold that you know it; and when you do not know a thing, to allow that you do not know it - this is knowledge.
When you know better, you'll do better.
When you know how to think, it empowers you far beyond those who only know what to think.
When you know how to treat a matter with clarity, you're also fit for many other things.
When you know me better you will understand that I cannot always give reasons for what I say or do.
When you know the details, let me know.
When you know yourself you are empowered. When you accept yourself you are invincible.
When you know, let me know.
When you lack sleep, you are apt to be careless.
When you laugh, the world laughs with you. When you cry, you cry alone.
When you learn a language, you don't just learn words.
When you learn a language, you start to build a new personality inside you.
When you least expect it, doors open for you.
When you leave is up to you.
When you leave the bathroom, you should wash your hands.
When you leave the meeting room, please, switch off the light.
When you leave the room, please make sure you turn off the lights.
When you leave the tunnel, protect your eyes.
When you leave, I'll miss you.
When you leave, I’ll miss you.
When you leave, make sure you've turned off all the lights.
When you lecture, don't keep your eyes glued to your notes. Look up from time to time at your audience.
When you left I missed you too much. Nothing else exists in my heart.
When you left, you left only longing in my heart. Nothing else exists in it.
When you lend money, you lose your friend and your money.
When you like the way you breathe, they will all take it to be a respiratory illness.
When you listen to him talk, you feel like he could either be a man or a woman.
When you listen to music while running, it sounds slower.
When you listen to your recorded voice, you get the feeling that you're hearing the voice of a stranger.
When you live abroad, you find it difficult sometimes.
When you live in Britain, you sometimes get the impression that the clocks stopped working in 1945.
When you live in a country, you soon pick up the language.
When you live on cash, you understand the limits of the world around which you navigate each day. Credit leads into a desert with invisible boundaries.
When you look at his clothes you know that he is poor.
When you look for God, look for Him only in your own heart.
When you look for an annual diary, what's the most important thing you look for?
When you look for an annual diary, what’s the most important thing you look for?
When you look up at stars in the night sky, you're seeing other stars in the Milky Way.
When you look up at the night sky, most of the stars you see are in one of the Milky Way arms.
When you lose, you actually win.
When you love someone, you love the person the way they are, and not the way you'd like them to be.
When you love someone, you'll do anything to make that person happy.
When you love someone, you’ll do anything to make that person happy.
When you love what you do, it shows.
When you make a mistake, you learn more than when you do the right thing.
When you make fig jam with very ripe and sweet figs, you'll use less sugar.
When you make rice, how long do you let it cook so it doesn't get overcooked?
When you make tea, do you pour the tea or the milk first?
When you make the bed, don't forget to fluff up the pillows.
When you make the first one fall, all the others must fall right down to the last one.
When you meet Mary, you'll be surprised.
When you meet a new person, do not, under any circumstances, talk about politics.
When you meet her, keep your old-fashioned views well hidden.
When you meet someone for the first time, be careful about how close you stand to that person.
When you mention that centre, who is "Slam Dunk" Shouhoku?
When you mentioned "snow carving", you reminded me of the "Sapporo snow festival". I'd love to go there one day.
When you met us, we already ate.
When you mix hydrochloric acid with sodium hydroxide, you get water and table salt. I wonder if it'd be safe to drink?
When you need help, who do you usually go to?
When you need it, I put myself fully at your disposal.
When you need my help, call me!
When you need to have your thirst quenched, water is the superior choice for quenching your thirst.
When you needed a friend, Tom was there.
When you needed help, I helped you, didn't I?
When you notice a funky smell in the refrigerator, investigate and clean it.
When you notice low supplies in the cabinets, let me know so we can restock.
When you open the back of a fine watch, you see layer upon layer of spinning wheels linked by interlocking cogs, screws and wires.
When you open the door, the light comes on automatically.
When you open this door, you come into the garden.
When you paint a self-portrait, you sit staring hard at yourself.
When you pee in the dark and the toilet whispers "more..."
When you perform ablutions, the water washes off your sins.
When you play under time control remember that you are fighting the clock as well as your opponent.
When you pose a question, you expect an answer.
When you press this button, the door opens.
When you press this button, the window opens automatically.
When you press this button, the window opens by itself.
When you press this button, the window will open automatically.
When you press this lever, the seat tilts forward.
When you pull weeds, pull them out by the roots.
When you push yourself off the ground, the ball of your foot functions as a fulcrum.
When you put a Christmas tree on the top of your car, you need to bind it with twine to make sure it stays there while you drive.
When you put a clown in a castle, the clown doesn’t become a king, the castle rather becomes a circus.
When you put it so strongly, I can't say I don't agree.
When you put it so strongly, I can’t say I don’t agree.
When you put it that way, I think Tom did make a point.
When you put money in the bank, you deposit it.
When you put the laptop back, you didn't plug the charger back in, and now it's dead.
When you quote a stupid text, do not forget the context.
When you reach a certain age you don't stand on ceremony.
When you reach a certain age you don’t stand on ceremony.
When you reach my age, you'll understand.
When you reach the end of the street, turn right.
When you read a book you should read between the lines.
When you read my sentence and suggest that I modify just one word (for example, "cat" or "dog"), it makes me happy, because that means that the sentence is practically correct.
When you read, think about what you are reading.
When you realize that most of the food that humans eat is from grass species, you will begin to see humans as sick and feeble grass-eating hobbits instead the noble apes we should and could be.
When you really fall in all, you give your all. You surrender completely.
When you really want a drink to quench your thirst, then water is the only sure-fire way to really get your thirst quenched.
When you rely on the team too much, it may reduce your individual competitive instincts.
When you remember me, think about the happy moments we shared.
When you remember your own crimes, you forget another's.
When you return empty bottles, you get the deposit back.
When you return from American, I will have already finished my studies.
When you return home from abroad, spend the first 14 days in your home.
When you return to your company, don't forget to keep in touch with me.
When you return to your company, don’t forget to keep in touch with me.
When you return, if I am studying, wake me up!
When you returned, I had already left.
When you rob a bank, you go to jail. When a bank robs you, they hand out bonuses.
When you run, your heart rate increases.
When you safely arrive at your destination, don't forget to call me.
When you said you'd look after Spot, you knew there'd be responsibilities.
When you said you’d look after Spot, you knew there’d be responsibilities.
When you saw us in the sitting room, he had already told me the truth.
When you say "tenderloin" do you mean that sketchy neighborhood near the airport?
When you say "web", do you mean the internet or the spider web?
When you say that men and women exist, you're rooted in reality and science.
When you say this, you sound just like father.
When you say yes, do you nod your head?
When you say you work at a nursery, do you mean a tree nursery or a nursery for children?
When you say: "Hey dudes" or "Hi guys" to a group of people that you don't know, how do you know that one of them isn't your future boss?
When you scold so much, you only get the children confused.
When you scream without a voice, I'll be the only one that could ever hear it.
When you see Mary give her this note.
When you see Mary, please give this to her.
When you see Tom and Mary, please give this to them.
When you see Tom, he's likely to be handcuffed.
When you see Tom, he's likely to be in handcuffs.
When you see Tom, please give this to him.
When you see Tom, tell him I said hello.
When you see Tom, you'll know what to do.
When you see Tom, you'll understand.
When you see a butcher shop ahead of you, turn left.
When you see a good move, look for a better one!
When you see a good translation, do you wonder which dictionaries the translator used to do it?
When you see a shooting star, make a wish.
When you see each other you and Tom, you're like magnets.
When you see her, say hello from me.
When you see her, say hello to her from me.
When you see him for the very first time, you just want to offer him the world.
When you see him for the very first time, you just want to offer him what's best in the world.
When you see it, you'll shit bricks.
When you see me, don't pretend that you don't know me.
When you see one of the neighborhood tabbies stalking a squirrel, you can see a miniature tiger stalking deer on the meadows of Rhanthambore.
When you see something, your visual system absorbs light—photons—and your brain processes the view into something you can understand and, perhaps, act upon.
When you see the Popescus, please say hello from us.
When you see the Sun shining in the sky, it is day, and when you don't it is night.
When you see the sign for the stock brokerage, take the next right.
When you see the stoplight is red, stop.
When you see the traffic light turn green, go.
When you see the traffic light turn red, stop.
When you sell something, you need to collect the sales tax.
When you send a message to a romantic interest, it's way worse to be left on read than to be left unread.
When you send a telegram, brevity is essential because you will be charged for every word.
When you shake hands with a Greek, count your fingers.
When you shake hands with somebody, you must look him in the eye.
When you shake someone's hand look directly into his eyes.
When you sit with a girl for two hours, it seems like one minute to you. If you sit on a lit stove for one minute, it seems like two hours to you. This is relativity.
When you skateboard, it puts quite a strain on your knees.
When you sleep do you dream in Esperanto too?
When you sleep with someone, you want to become one with them.
When you slice them like that, the potatoes take twice as long to cook.
When you smell shit, this means that Ziri is around.
When you smile at me, it makes me happy.
When you smile, I am happy.
When you smile, I feel like a piece of shit.
When you smile, I want to kiss you at once.
When you smile, my heart dances with joy.
When you smile, you're projecting happiness.
When you smoke, it is the cigarette that smokes you.
When you speak French, do you think people understand what you're trying to say?
When you speak Shanghainese with your mom, I only understand a word here and there, so I can't join in your conversation.
When you speak Shanghainese with your mum, I only understand a few words, so I can't join in the conversation.
When you speak Shanghainese with your mum, I only understand a few words, so I can’t join in the conversation.
When you speak about the others, you do it with your arms crossed.
When you speak fast, I can understand.
When you speak ill, you end up losing!
When you speak of a pay-raise before recognition, I am inclined to think you are putting the cart before the horse.
When you speak of the Devil, you can hear the rattling of his bones.
When you spend the entire day curled up on the couch watching television, it irritates me to have to take the trash out.
When you spill wine, it's appropriate to wipe it with your elbow, isn't it?
When you stand so close to death, knowing that it will not touch you, you feel something special!
When you start getting into my thoughts Simon, I just can't help my tears from getting out my eyes and I get so many tears in my eyes.
When you start looking like your passport photo you should go on vacation.
When you start loving your goals with all your heart and mind, then, by the grace of Goddess Bhavani, you will certainly be victorious.
When you start putting chips in cattle, you end up practicing the electronic identification of each human being.
When you start taking medicine it begins working on symptoms, like pain, right away, but that doesn't mean that the ulcer heals right away.
When you start taking medicine it begins working on symptoms, like pain, right away, but that doesn’t mean that the ulcer heals right away.
When you start to look like the photo in your passport, it's time to go on vacation.
When you start to look like the photo in your passport, it’s time to go on vacation.
When you start to swim, go like this.
When you start trying to describe every tiny detail and putting a label on everything, languages become very complicated very fast.
When you started walking, I almost died.
When you stay too long in the same place, things and people go to pot on you. They rot and start stinking for your special benefit.
When you stop chasing the wrong things, you give the right things a chance to catch up.
When you stop learning you stop living in any vital and meaningful sense.
When you submit a quote, it's best to enter the author's name as a tag or, if you can't, in a comment.
When you submit a quote, it’s best to enter the author’s name as a tag or, if you can’t, in a comment.
When you sup with the Devil, use a long spoon.
When you surf the web, you may be tracked by websites.
When you swallow a dangerous substance, what you need to do depends on what you swallowed.
When you take a good look at this spider, you'll see there's nothing to be afraid of.
When you take into account finding a parking space, it's often quicker to walk.
When you take into account finding somewhere to park, it's often quicker to walk.
When you take shelter, make sure you go under a big tree.
When you take the shahada, you need to have two Muslim witnesses.
When you take your dog for a walk, pick up its droppings.
When you take your dog for a walk, scoop up the pooh.
When you talk about Tom like that, it makes me wonder what you say about me behind my back.
When you talk like that, you sound like you're channeling your father.
When you talk of the devil you will hear his bones rattle.
When you talk to Skura, would you please tell her that I'm coming on Thursday?
When you talk to others, you're doing it with your arms crossed.
When you talk to others, you’re doing it with your arms crossed.
When you talk, you are only repeating what you already know. But if you listen, you may learn something new.
When you taste it, you will find all this food excellent and very nourishing.
When you teach, you learn.
When you tell people you're depressed, they foolishly assume that you're sad or upset, failing to comprehend how profound an emotion depression truly is.
When you tell tales, do you count how many tales you tell?
When you test to that extent, you are going to find more people, find more cases. So I said to my people, "Slow the testing down, please."
When you think about it for a minute.
When you think about it that doesn't make a whole lot of sense.
When you think about it, I want you to ask yourself, why do I want to buy it?
When you think about it, it's all Kenny's fault for being so obtuse.
When you think about it, it’s all Kenny’s fault for being so obtuse.
When you think of Algeria, what comes to mind?
When you think of fall delicacies in Japan, what comes to mind? To me, it's mackerel pike.
When you think of it, this fear of dying is illogical.
When you think of me, remember the time when you most possessed me.
When you think of something, tell me.
When you think things cannot possibly get worse, that's when I show up.
When you think you're succeeding in postponing your own death, death will always try to catch up with you.
When you told Nancy how fat she is, you really hit her where it hurts.
When you toss a coin, the more strongly you want heads, the more likely it is to come up tails.
When you translate, you must remember that sentences should sound natural, and that the meaning of the original sentences should be preserved as much as possible.
When you travel abroad, you feel very expansive, and it’s easy to overspend in a mood like that.
When you travel abroad, you need change in the currency of the country you are visiting to pay for a taxi, a cup of coffee or a tip.
When you travel abroad, you start to feel very expansive, and it's easy to overspend in a mood like that.
When you travel abroad, you usually need a passport.
When you travel overseas, you usually need a passport.
When you travel, you've got to try the local brew.
When you travel, you’ve got to try the local brew.
When you try Googling it, there really are a bunch of people, huh?
When you try to detach ivy from fences, it will bring them down.
When you turn left you'll see the post office.
When you turn left, you'll arrive at the museum.
When you turn on the water, particularly if water has remained stagnant in your home’s pipes for longer than normal (for example, a week or more), germs from biofilm can come out of the faucet, showerhead, or other water devices.
When you turn right, you'll come to the museum.
When you turn right, you'll see the hospital on your left.
When you turn the corner, you'll find my house.
When you turn this handle, the gears rotate.
When you turn to the left, you will see a white building.
When you turn to the left, you'll see a white building.
When you type in Japanese, are you using hiragana input, or romaji input?
When you united with them, few united with others.
When you use PowerPoint, keep the text to a minimum.
When you use the bathroom, be sure to flush and wash your hands.
When you use the last sheet, don't think: "The person after me will manage just fine."
When you use the last sheet, don’t think: "The person after me will manage just fine."
When you use the name "Algeria" in a sentence, you could write example sentences such as "Algeria is Africa's largest nation" or "Algeria's official languages are Arabic and Tamazight." You obviously can't write the same example sentences using the name "Australia."
When you visit me, I'll introduce you to my friends.
When you visit me, I'll show you the new museum.
When you visit the Casbah of Algiers, you feel transported to another age.
When you visit the Djurdjura Mountains, you'll be treated to some of the most spectacular landscapes of Algeria.
When you visit tide pools, do your part to preserve this special place.
When you visualize a DNA structure, you probably think about the well-known ‘double helix’ that was revealed in 1953 by Cambridge University scientists James Watson and Francis Crick.
When you wake up tomorrow morning you will find something wonderful.
When you wake up tomorrow morning, you will find a wonderful thing.
When you wake up, I won't be here anymore.
When you walk around here, you have to look out for falling rocks.
When you walk around your house, what kind of scenery and buildings can you see?
When you walk like that you look like a sleepwalker.
When you walk like that you look like you're sleepwalking.
When you walk sturdily along the path on which you have started, you are, in my opinion, happy.
When you walk your dog, scoop up the poop.
When you want cooperation, share over many hands.
When you want cooperation, share the responsibility.
When you want cooperation, share the work among many hands.
When you want to fool the world, tell the truth.
When you want to say "I promise", if you say "koko ni chikaimasu" you'll sound more like a native.
When you want to say "I promise", if you say "koko ni chikaimasu" you’ll sound more like a native.
When you want to sell hot dogs in the ball park, you pay a concession fee to the ball-park's owner. When you want to profit from selling in the European Economic Community market, you pay what to whom?
When you want to wash up, first prepare the towel to dry yourself with.
When you wash the bag, please do not put it in the washing machine.
When you wash your towels, try to avoid overloading your washing machine.
When you watch television or listen to the radio, the music which you hear is often African in origin.
When you watch that film, I will be dead.
When you wear camo shorts, what colour t-shirt goes with that?
When you wear that dress, you look like a slut.
When you weigh all life on Earth, billions of humans don’t amount to much compared to trees, earthworms or even viruses.
When you were a child you feared the gloom.
When you were a child, did you have any friends?
When you were a contractor, you were paid in advance, but when working for a salary, you will be paid in arrear.
When you were a kid, what did you want to be when you grew up?
When you were a kid, you wanted to be a doctor.
When you were a little child, you would randomly hug strangers on the street and tell them that you loved them.
When you were a student were you ever completely engrossed in something?
When you were able to read on your own, what did you enjoy reading?
When you were at the cinema, we were down the pub.
When you were born, I got the greatest gift I could've ever asked for: a brother and a friend forever.
When you were born, I was already a man.
When you were gone, Peter arrived.
When you were in Australia, you worked with Tom, didn't you?
When you were in Boston, you worked with Tom, right?
When you were studying abroad in Japan, did you make a lot of friends?
When you were studying abroad in Japan, did you make lots of friends?
When you were studying abroad in Japan, did you make many friends?
When you were studying abroad in Japan, what music did you listen to?
When you were studying abroad in Japan, what sort of TV programmes did you see?
When you were studying abroad in Japan, what sort of TV programmes did you watch?
When you were studying abroad in Japan, what sort of TV shows did you see?
When you were studying abroad in Japan, what sort of TV shows did you watch?
When you were studying abroad in Japan, where did you go?
When you were studying abroad in Japan, where did you visit?
When you were studying in Japan, what sort of TV shows did you watch?
When you were studying in Japan, what sort of programmes did you watch on the telly?
When you were two years old, you could already count to ten.
When you were two years old, you could count to ten.
When you work the night shift, you can end up feeling isolated from your friends.
When you write a sentence, it normally starts with an upper-case letter and ends in a period (.), an exclamation mark (!) or an interrogation mark (?).
When you write my name on the shoes, please do it on the heel.
When you write or say anything, do you have a nagging voice - or voices - in your head criticising and/or arguing with everything you're saying or writing?
When you yawn, cover your mouth with your hand.
When you “lance un chameau” or throw a camel in the Democratic Republic of Congo, you have made a spelling mistake.
When you're 17, you don't understand those who are over 40.
When you're a father, you'll understand.
When you're a parent it's important to set a good example for your children.
When you're able, could you answer me a question?
When you're about to have exams, lifting weights really does relieve stress, and it's also good for your mind and body.
When you're alone in your apartment, you feel independent. When you're alone in your room, you feel free. When you're alone in your bed, you feel lonely.
When you're angry, count to ten before you say anything. If you're very angry, count to one hundred.
When you're around him, you'll never feel bored ever again.
When you're at work, if you have a lot of workmates, it's surprisingly difficult to build a consensus.
When you're beginning to look like the photo in your passport, you should go on a holiday.
When you're bored, time passes slowly.
When you're born into this world, you're given a ticket to the freak show. If you're born in America you get a front row seat.
When you're born, everyone's laughing and you're the only one crying. Live your life so that when you die, everyone will be crying and you'll be the only one smiling.
When you're by her side, you forget everything.
When you're chewing something you're eating, it gets mushed into a mass called a bolus, which you then swallow.
When you're chopping onions, be careful not to cut your hand.
When you're cooking or crafting, make sure to wear your apron.
When you're dead, you don't know that you're dead, so it's only difficult for the others. It's the same when you're stupid.
When you're done grandstanding, we have work to do.
When you're done sweeping, I'll mop.
When you're done using the sink, turn off the water.
When you're done watching, please turn off the TV, my sweetheart.
When you're done watching, please turn off the TV, sweetie.
When you're done with a CD, put it back in its case.
When you're done with a book, place it back on the shelf.
When you're done with a drink, wash the glass or put it in the dishwasher.
When you're done with a meal, clear the table and put dishes in the dishwasher.
When you're done with snacks, dispose of wrappers and containers properly.
When you're done with the book, put it back where you found it.
When you're done, close the door.
When you're done, get out of here.
When you're done, go outside.
When you're done, open the window.
When you're done, pay the check.
When you're done, turn off the light.
When you're done, turn the light off.
When you're done, you can go home.
When you're driving a car, use a sturdy seatbelt.
When you're drunk, some things can seem like good ideas even if they're bad ideas.
When you're eating, think about eating, or else you'll bite your lip.
When you're eighteen years old, you're an adult in the United States.
When you're enjoying yourself, the time seems to fly by.
When you're extremely strong, then you should also be extremely kind.
When you're fed up with the school cafe you can buy something at Bellfa or eat at a family restaurant.
When you're feeling better.
When you're feeling thirsty, nothing can beat having a glass of fresh water.
When you're feeling thirsty, nothing does the trick better than water.
When you're feeling very thirsty, water is your best bet to make your thirstiness stop.
When you're finished brooding, come on over and apologize for your part in the argument.
When you're finished making that birdhouse, let me know. Maybe I'll buy it from you.
When you're finished using my tools, please put them back where you found them.
When you're finished with the work, you can sleep!
When you're finished, you can leave.
When you're getting dressed, how long does it take you to decide what clothes to wear?
When you're getting married, you follow the rules of the ceremony.
When you're good enough to join the team, we'll let you join.
When you're green, you grow. When you're ripe, you rot.
When you're growing up, sometimes you'll eat everything but the kitchen sink.
When you're having a good time, time seems to fly by.
When you're having fun, time flies.
When you're here, I feel safer.
When you're hungry, anything tastes good.
When you're hungry, you can eat even stones.
When you're hurt, we're all hurt.
When you're in a hurry, it's easy to make a mistake.
When you're in nature, practice "leave no trace" by packing out your food scraps.
When you're in show business for long, the number of people who can teach you something decreases every year.
When you're in the mosque, you pray to God.
When you're in trouble, you can count on me.
When you're mad, count to ten before speaking.
When you're making risotto, you need to stir the rice constantly to release its starch and create a creamy texture.
When you're my age, you'll understand.
When you're not around, I feel unhappy.
When you're not here, I miss you.
When you're not here, everything goes wrong.
When you're not progressing, you feel stuck.
When you're not with me, I sometimes feel lonely.
When you're older, you'll understand.
When you're on the way up, your friends find out who you are. When you're on the way down, you find out who your friends are.
When you're preparing food for someone, please don't pick your nose, scratch your ass, or sneeze in your hands.
When you're reading an English book, it isn't a great idea to look up every word you don't know.
When you're ready to order, please call using this button.
When you're ready, tell me.
When you're right, you're right.
When you're sautéing vegetables, it's important to use a non-stick pan.
When you're speaking with your classmates, what language do you usually speak?
When you're standing around him, he never let any boredom settle in between him and others.
When you're starving, you don't act like your usual self. Have a legally distinct candy bar.
When you're successful, everyone wants to know you. When you fail, you're on your own.
When you're thirsty, you'll drink any water.
When you're tired, sleep.
When you're tired, sleeping is the best thing.
When you're told to be ashamed, it's a nice change to be proud.
When you're trying to prove something, it helps to know it's true.
When you're wanting to have a drink, there's nothing as refreshing as drinking water.
When you're with children, speak like a child!
When you're with me, everything seems to fall into place.
When you're with me, they envy me.
When you're wrong, you should admit it.
When you're young and you're in love, the world seems beautiful.
When you're young, you look at television and think, there's a conspiracy. The networks have conspired to dumb us down. But when you get a little older, you realize that's not true. The networks are in business to give people exactly what they want. That's a far more depressing thought.
When you're young, you want to be older.
When you've arrived, write me.
When you've been abroad, you see a lot of things differently.
When you've done that, could you wash up?
When you've eaten too much, your stomach regrets it, and when you haven't eaten enough, your stomach regrets it too.
When you've finish reading that book I lent you, give it back to me, yeah?
When you've finished doing the washing up, you can make the beds.
When you've finished reading that book, I'd like to read it.
When you've finished reading that book, could you lend it to me?
When you've finished reading that book, please give it back to me.
When you've finished reading that book, please return it.
When you've finished reading that book, put it back where it was.
When you've finished reading that book, put it back where you found it.
When you've finished reading the book, I'd like to borrow it.
When you've finished reading this letter, burn it.
When you've finished sweeping, I'll mop.
When you've finished, you can go home.
When you've gone through the same things I have, then you'll have the right to talk to me about what is or is not socially acceptable.
When you've made a decision, let me know.
When you've made a decision, take action immediately.
When young ladies wander about the metropolis at this hour of the morning, and knock sleepy people up out of their beds, I presume that it is something very pressing which they have to communicate.
When young, she was very popular.
When your belly is full, every guava has worms!
When your boss discards your work, what happens?
When your bride leaves you for another man, it's not clear who's fortunate.
When your business gets rolling we'll talk about an increase.
When your business gets rolling we’ll talk about an increase.
When your car suddenly breaks down, your first reaction is often to panic.
When your child dies, you lose your future.
When your country loses it, stay aware.
When your dog is aggressive he's either trying to get you closer or he's trying to get you away. Better take it to the vet.
When your dog tilts his head to listen to seemingly imaginary sounds, he is tuning in to ultrasonic frequencies, as high as 45,000 Hz.
When your eyes encounter a beautiful woman, knock her out.
When your final hour is striking, make one last wish before you are sent to either Hell or Heaven.
When your friend is one-eyed, look at him in profile.
When your friends begin to flatter you on how young you look, it's a sure sign you're getting old.
When your friends begin to flatter you on how young you look, it’s a sure sign you’re getting old.
When your girlfriend finds out about this the shit's going to hit the fan.
When your girlfriend finds out about this the shit’s going to hit the fan.
When your girlfriend is one-eyed, look at her in profile.
When your hair is detached, it suits your face so much better.
When your husband finds out, he won't be happy.
When your last hour on Earth has struck and when you feel death is coming for you, don't be afraid, it's just the natural part of life, you'll go peacefully from this world.
When your mother is ranting, you don't talk back to her.
When your mother scolds you, don't talk back.
When your mouth dies for a drink and when your mouth want a drink so badly, then water must be your drink of choice.
When your opponent's king, found in the first (or eighth) row, is trapped by its own pawns or pieces, if you can, with the queen or a rook, give it check, even if this initially requires one or two sacrifices, the result of this maneuver will be checkmate. In Brazil, we call this type of play "hallway mate", or "drawer mate".
When your pockets are full of money, you don’t need to fill your head with anything.
When your resources are limited, you have to prioritize.
When your room is clean, you can focus better on your studies and hobbies.
When your sister was your age, she was already married.
When your stomach is busy, digesting a big meal your brain takes a vacation.
When your throat hurts, don't you feel like drinking something cold?
When your turn for death has come, you just have to go along with it and you can't argue with death.
When your turn for death is due to come, it is set for you months well ahead of schedule.
When your turn for death is finally due, you'll feel it come in your body and you'll feel it taking over your body and mind.
When your turn to die has come, you just have to play along with death, and you're powerless to do anything to stay alive because death is final and won't give you another chance to be brought back from the dead.
When you’re a parent it’s important to set a good example for your children.
When you’re about to have exams, lifting weights really does relieve stress, and it’s also good for your mind and body.
When you’re accustomed to privilege, equality feels like oppression.
When you’re at work, if you have a lot of workmates, it’s surprisingly difficult to build a consensus.
When you’re beginning to look like the photo in your passport, you should go on a holiday.
When you’re done with the book, put it back where you found it.
When you’re eighteen years old, you’re an adult in the United States.
When you’re enjoying yourself, the time seems to fly by.
When you’re fed up with the school cafe you can buy something at Bellfa or eat at a family restaurant.
When you’re in a hurry, it’s easy to make a mistake.
When you’re reading an English book, it isn’t a great idea to look up every word you don’t know.
When you’re trying to prove something, it helps to know it’s true.
When'll he be finished?
When'll the moon be up?
When'll we know how Tom is?
When's Election Day?
When's Father's Day?
When's Halloween?
When's Mother's Day?
When's Tom arriving?
When's Tom coming back from Australia?
When's Tom coming back from Boston?
When's Tom coming back from his vacation?
When's Tom coming back?
When's Tom coming home?
When's Tom coming over to fix that?
When's Tom coming?
When's Tom due back?
When's Tom expected back?
When's Tom getting here?
When's Tom going on vacation?
When's Tom going to Boston?
When's Tom going to do that?
When's Tom going to eat?
When's Tom going to get here?
When's Tom's birthday?
When's dinner served?
When's dinner?
When's her surgery?
When's his surgery?
When's it going to start?
When's it going to stop?
When's it over?
When's that going to happen?
When's that novel being published?
When's that novel going to be published?
When's that supposed to happen?
When's the baby due?
When's the best time to run?
When's the big day?
When's the bus coming?
When's the cutoff for the summer issue?
When's the full moon?
When's the funeral?
When's the last ferry?
When's the last time you ate homemade cookies?
When's the last time you ate?
When's the last time you bought fruit?
When's the last time you bought meat?
When's the last time you bought shoes?
When's the last time you climbed a tree?
When's the last time you cried?
When's the last time you had a massage?
When's the last time you held a book in your hands?
When's the last time you hung out with Tom?
When's the last time you rode a motorcycle?
When's the last time you showered?
When's the last time you slept?
When's the lunch break?
When's the meeting going to start?
When's the movie?
When's the next bus?
When's the next hunger strike?
When's the next meeting?
When's the next meeting? I hope it's not on Monday.
When's the next shuttle?
When's the party?
When's the post office open?
When's the power going back on?
When's the right time to plant pepper seedlings?
When's the wedding?
When's this going to stop?
When's this supposed to happen?
When's your b-day?
When's your bedtime?
When's your birthday?
When's your daughter's wedding?
When's your first class?
When's your honeymoon?
When's your next appointment?
When's your next doctor's appointment?
When's your next meeting?
When's your next vacation?
When's your rent due?
When's your surgery?
When's your trip scheduled for?
When's your vacation?
When, children, you grow older, you will understand for yourselves how many tears lie in these letters, and how much lament.
When, children, you're exhausted from lugging around our trauma, you should draw power from these letters. Look to them!
When, later in the evening she stood at the open window and looked up through the dark blue water, she thought of the big town with all its noise and bustle, and fancied that she could even hear the church bells ringing.
When, one day, computers undertake to translate literary works, it will be the end of literature as we know it.
When, therefore, having noted that the packet bore the postmark of Christminster, he cut the string, opened the volumes, and turned to the Latin grammar, which chanced to come uppermost, he could scarcely believe his eyes.
When, therefore, he suddenly announced his intention of setting out for the scene of the drama it was only what I had both expected and hoped for.
When, through constant practice, man becomes able to reach efficient mental concentration, then, wherever one is, one can always transcend one's environment with one's mind and rely on the Eternal.
When, upon forcing my way between two savage clumps of briers, I suddenly encountered the entrance of the vault, I had no knowledge of what I had discovered.
When, what to my wondering eyes should appear, But a miniature sleigh, and eight tiny reindeer. With a little old driver, so lively and quick, I knew in a moment it must be St. Nick.
When?
Whence came you?
Whence come babies?
Whence comest thou?
Whenceforth came all this misery?
Whenever Beth's parents have guests, she wants to join their adult talk.
Whenever Beth’s parents have guests, she wants to join their adult talk.
Whenever City get a corner, no one in a United shirt picks up City's big centre half, who has already scored a header from a cross.
Whenever Francisca felt down, she liked to play music on her old record player and dance, forgetting about the world for a few minutes.
Whenever Fyodor borrows my tent, he brings it back smelling of dog poop and tobacco.
Whenever Googling, I always love finding what I am not looking for.
Whenever I ask him to tell me about his father, he always finds a way to end the conversation.
Whenever I buy myself something new, something old has to go.
Whenever I call, he is out.
Whenever I close my eyes, the first thing I see is that woman's face.
Whenever I come here, I feel at ease.
Whenever I come home late at night, my parents scold me and it annoys me. No matter how late I come back, they're awake and waiting for me. It would be so nice if they just went to sleep instead.
Whenever I come home, I catch you playing computer games.
Whenever I cook spaghetti noodles, I set an egg timer.
Whenever I drink sake, I get a headache.
Whenever I drive, I fasten my seat belt to protect myself.
Whenever I eat Chinese food, I always wake up hungry the next day.
Whenever I feel despair, I always turn to the verses from Psalm 34:18, Matthew 11:28-30, and Isaiah 41:10.
Whenever I feel like giving up, I think of what my father used to tell me.
Whenever I feel tired, I go down to the river to wash myself and feel the refreshing air on my body.
Whenever I find a new word or meaning, I write it down in this list.
Whenever I find something I like, it's too expensive.
Whenever I find something I like, it’s too expensive.
Whenever I get a large sum of money, I donate some of it to charity.
Whenever I get a letter from you I forget any and all problems.
Whenever I get gas, I make sure to squeegee my windows.
Whenever I get on the subway, I put my wallet in my front pocket.
Whenever I get ready to go shopping, he invariably starts getting on my back.
Whenever I get up, I feel dizzy.
Whenever I go abroad, I suffer from jet lag and diarrhea.
Whenever I go by, Mt. Fuji is in the clouds.
Whenever I go out, my parents keep texting me to make sure I'm okay.
Whenever I go to Algiers, I take a train.
Whenever I go to Boston, I stay at my friends' houses.
Whenever I go to a Japanese restaurant, I take the disposable chopsticks home with me.
Whenever I go to bed without drying my hair, I get bed head.
Whenever I go to see my grandchildren, I always give them presents.
Whenever I go to that forest, my mind always wanders to those missing kids and their families.
Whenever I go to the beach, I love to lie in the sun and read a book.
Whenever I go to this store, they're selling freshly baked taiyaki cakes.
Whenever I go to this store, they’re selling freshly baked taiyaki cakes.
Whenever I have a quarter of an hour to spare, I like to dip into Saki's 'Collected Short Stories'.
Whenever I have a question, I just Google it.
Whenever I have free time, I read a book.
Whenever I hear "Germany", I can't help but think of pretzels. I adore soft, freshly baked pretzels with a pinch of salt.
Whenever I hear anyone arguing for slavery, I feel a strong impulse to see it tried on him personally.
Whenever I hear that song, I remember my youth.
Whenever I hear that song, I think about when I was young.
Whenever I hear that song, I think of a certain girl.
Whenever I hear that song, I think of my childhood.
Whenever I hear that song, I think of my younger days.
Whenever I hear that song, I'm always reminded of my time at school.
Whenever I hear this song, I am reminded of my school days.
Whenever I hear this song, I think about the first dance I went to when I was a teenager.
Whenever I hear this song, I think of Tom.
Whenever I hear this song, I think of his smile.
Whenever I learn a new language, I always make sure to learn its obscenities and words for the reproductive and execratory parts of the body so that I don't accidentally say any of them.
Whenever I leave my window open, bugs fly into my room.
Whenever I lie down on my bed and read a book, I fall asleep.
Whenever I look at this picture, I remember those happy days in the village.
Whenever I look at you, I am reminded of my younger brother.
Whenever I look at you, you are always taunting someone.
Whenever I meet her, I get the desire to kiss her.
Whenever I meet her, she smiles at me.
Whenever I meet them they're always fighting, but people say "The more they fight, the closer they are." So I guess you could say they're close.
Whenever I meet you, I think of your mother.
Whenever I needed money as a college student, my parents always came through.
Whenever I put my Wellington boots on, I like splashing into puddles.
Whenever I return home, my cat comes out to welcome me in.
Whenever I ride the train, no one sits next to me.
Whenever I saw her, her nails were neatly trimmed.
Whenever I see Mexican avocados in the supermarket, I think of Tom.
Whenever I see Tom and Maria, I'm reminded of Tom and Jerry.
Whenever I see Tom, I get angry.
Whenever I see Tom, I'm reminded of his father.
Whenever I see a lively little flower shining so silently in the grass, I muse on all the mystery, beauty, magic and power it has that are lacking in me.
Whenever I see her, I remember her mother.
Whenever I see her, I smile.
Whenever I see her, I'm reminded of her mother.
Whenever I see him he reminds me of my late grandfather.
Whenever I see that photo, I always think of my father.
Whenever I see the clouds, I think of whipped cream.
Whenever I see this painting, I get reminded of my father.
Whenever I see this, I remember him.
Whenever I see you I think of your mother.
Whenever I see you, I always think of my younger brother.
Whenever I see you, I feel happy.
Whenever I see you, I'm reminded of your mother.
Whenever I see you, my heart tells me that I'm in love.
Whenever I speak Japanese, 9 times out of 10 it’s with a friend, so I always tend to speak buddy-buddy.
Whenever I swallow, my throat hurts.
Whenever I take up the floor, everyone pay close attention to what I'm saying.
Whenever I talk to my father, I realize that he has a lot more experience than I do.
Whenever I translate something from English into Spanish, I prefer to use the familiar "tÃº" instead of the formal "usted".
Whenever I translate something from English into Spanish, I prefer to use the familiar "tú" instead of the formal "usted".
Whenever I travel with my girlfriend, no matter where we go, people think that she is my little sister, and sometimes my daughter.
Whenever I travel, I prefer to fly.
Whenever I try to get near her, she pushes me away.
Whenever I try to get on the swing, you're always on it.
Whenever I try to speak French, my mind goes blank.
Whenever I try to talk about it, he changes the subject.
Whenever I use this perfume, I get the sense that I'm more attractive.
Whenever I visit Sicily, I feel at home. It reminds me very much of Algeria.
Whenever I visited the island, I was impressed by the beauty of its nature.
Whenever I visited the island, I was impressed with the beauty of nature.
Whenever I wake up in the middle of the night, I always struggle to go back to sleep.
Whenever I wake up, my first thought is always about stoats.
Whenever I walk by that teahouse, the boss always comes out to welcome me.
Whenever I wanted to visit him, he wasn't at home.
Whenever I was cold, she took my hands in hers. That's how my mum would always warm me up.
Whenever I wrote these words I thought of you.
Whenever I'm at the pizza parlour, I make you self-conscious. You always think there has to be something happening.
Whenever I'm feeling pessimistic about the future of the world, I just think of how much has changed even in the time that I can remember.
Whenever I'm in trouble, I confer with him.
Whenever I'm in trouble, my friend Kei always appears out of nowhere to help.
Whenever I'm on top of a mountain, I feel grateful.
Whenever I'm sad, I listen to old tapes from the past.
Whenever I'm sad, I stop being sad and start being awesome instead.
Whenever I'm worried, I work up a ravenous appetite.
Whenever I've felt there was no hope, I waited and gained new insight.
Whenever I’m feeling pessimistic about the future of the world, I just think of how much has changed even in the time that I can remember.
Whenever I’m in trouble, I confer with him.
Whenever I’m sad, I stop being sad and start being awesome instead.
Whenever Linda noticed Michael, he would immediately turn around and go the other way.
Whenever Lorenzo stops at a rest stop, he goes to the restroom.
Whenever Mark faced a challenge, he always had more than one trick up his sleeve to overcome it.
Whenever Mary comes to Boston, she stays at our place.
Whenever Mary comes to Boston, she stays with us.
Whenever Mary gets drunk, she ends up doing crystal meth for the next three days.
Whenever Mary is in Boston, she stops by.
Whenever Mary would go into her parents' house, for her it was like a journey through time: nothing had changed since the day she'd gone away to study; her parents had discarded nothing; everything was in its place just as she had left it.
Whenever Matthew goes camping in the jungle, he makes sure to bring plenty of insect repellent to keep bugs at bay.
Whenever Matthew goes camping, he brings along a deck of cards or other games to play with his friends and family around the campfire.
Whenever Matthew goes camping, he brings along his portable stove so he can cook up some delicious meals.
Whenever Matthew goes camping, he makes sure to bring along plenty of extra warm clothing, just in case the temperatures drop at night.
Whenever Matthew looked in the direction of the noises, they'd stop immediately.
Whenever Matthew wore his wool sweater, his friends teased him for looking like a guy from the 1970s.
Whenever Tom and Mary are in Boston, they stop by.
Whenever Tom and Mary come to Boston, they stay at our place.
Whenever Tom and Mary come to Boston, they stay with us.
Whenever Tom and Mary see each other out and about, they always stop and have a natter.
Whenever Tom and Mary see each other out and about, they always stop to have a chat.
Whenever Tom asks you for something, you will oblige him. Is it clear to you?
Whenever Tom calls, we chat for a long time.
Whenever Tom comes to Boston, he stays at our house.
Whenever Tom comes to Boston, he stays at our place.
Whenever Tom comes to Boston, he stays with us.
Whenever Tom did not have any more ideas, he asked Mary for advice.
Whenever Tom did poorly, his father would exclaim that it was an embarrassment to the family.
Whenever Tom entered a room everyone stopped talking and stared at him.
Whenever Tom entered a room, everyone stopped talking.
Whenever Tom hears that song, it brings back memories of his days in Boston.
Whenever Tom held a lecture, people wanting a seat had to camp outside the lecture hall the night before.
Whenever Tom held a lecture, you had to camp outside the lecture theatre the night before to get a seat.
Whenever Tom is in Boston, he stops by.
Whenever Tom speaks, everyone listens.
Whenever Tom travels, he likes to bring back some bits and bobs for his friends and family, like local snacks or small souvenirs.
Whenever Tom watches a series, he likes skipping to the last episode, and then going back to the start, so he knows what to expect.
Whenever Tom's parents argued, Tom would cry.
Whenever Yanni cleans his store, he would find money laying around.
Whenever Yanni reads Skura's book, he cries.
Whenever Ziri has to speak in Berber, he thinks in Berber.
Whenever Ziri hears someone speak Berber, he wants to hide.
Whenever Ziri speaks in Berber on social media, he gets hate comments.
Whenever Ziri speaks in Berber, Rima laughs at him.
Whenever a new law is not necessary, it is not merely superfluous but harmful.
Whenever an accident happens, the first thing the doctors look for is a bracelet, a necklace, or some accessory that can provide some information about the patient.
Whenever an opportunity where you can shine arise, don't be afraid to take up that opportunity because that kind of opportunity won't always show up in your life.
Whenever and wherever I traveled with her, the people there thought she was my sister. Some even thought she was my daughter.
Whenever come, I'll play go with you.
Whenever come, I’ll play go with you.
Whenever he adopts a new business strategy, his employees fear for their jobs.
Whenever he calls on me, he leaves something behind.
Whenever he comes round to speaking about his hobby, he always assumes a serious air.
Whenever he comes to this place, he orders the same dish.
Whenever he comes up to Tokyo, he stays at our house.
Whenever he comes up to Tokyo, he stays with us.
Whenever he comes, he scolds us.
Whenever he could get away from the confines of the hamlet for an hour or two, which was not often, he would steal off to the Brown House on the hill and strain his eyes persistently; sometimes to be rewarded by the sight of a dome or spire, at other times by a little smoke, which in his estimate had some of the mysticism of incense.
Whenever he entered the room, everyone immediately stopped talking, as though by command.
Whenever he explains something, he can't stop. He rambles on.
Whenever he finished a manuscript, he would let me read it.
Whenever he found a new recipe, he wrote it in his notebook.
Whenever he gets talking about his hobby, he always puts on a serious expression.
Whenever he gets talking about his hobby, he always puts on a serious face.
Whenever he goes out for a walk, he takes his dog with him.
Whenever he got a present he didn't like (and that was all of them), he would always express his strong displeasure at having received it. Not once did he ever pretend to like his gift to make the other person happy.
Whenever he has an important decision to make, Tom always consults his soothsayer.
Whenever he has an important decision to make, Tom always goes to see his fortune-teller.
Whenever he looks at his nephews, a nostalgic glow comes into his eyes.
Whenever he moved, the wound sent pains all along his arm.
Whenever he sees me, he pretends he doesn't know me.
Whenever he was in trouble, she helped him.
Whenever he went to the bathroom, he would bring along a Mort & Phil comic book.
Whenever his mother wasn't looking, Tom plucked something off a shelf and put it in the shopping trolley.
Whenever is not now.
Whenever it will, let the day come, which has absolute power only over this mortal frame, and end for me the uncertain course of life.
Whenever my Mom has a personal problem her favorite thing to do is write to the advice column in her favorite magazine.
Whenever my uncle comes, he brings some nice things for us.
Whenever my wife's best friend comes over, they sit on the couch and dish for hours.
Whenever my wife’s best friend comes over, they sit on the couch and dish for hours.
Whenever possible, Rockey said, food should be “grown locally.”
Whenever possible, he leaves his office at 6 p.m.
Whenever possible, you should consult experts.
Whenever she comes back from a journey, she brings a gift for her daughter.
Whenever she comes, she brings us presents.
Whenever she goes shopping, she ends up buying more than she can afford.
Whenever she may come, I am ready to welcome her.
Whenever she moves her head, her earrings swing and sparkle.
Whenever she sees me, she gives me a wide berth.
Whenever she sees me, she greets me politely.
Whenever she wears high heels, her legs hurt.
Whenever she went to the bathroom, she would bring along a Mort & Phil comic book.
Whenever somebody blames George Soros for their problems, every other billionaire breathes a sigh of relief.
Whenever somebody blames immigrants for their problems, a millionaire opens a bottle of champagne.
Whenever somebody knocks on the door, my dog starts barking.
Whenever someone blames George Soros for their problems, every other billionaire breathes a sigh of relief.
Whenever someone blames immigrants for their problems, a millionaire opens a bottle of champagne.
Whenever someone brings up politics, he always ends up reconsidering his positions on everything.
Whenever someone knocks on the door, my dog starts barking.
Whenever something bothered Mary, she went alone to the old oak in the forest during sunset to ask Nemesio for advice.
Whenever something disappears from your life, it is only a sign that something better is on the road.
Whenever something new comes along, Tom brims with enthusiasm for it; it is never long, however, before his enthusiasm wanes.
Whenever the United States do not succeed in invading, annihilating, dividing or controlling a country, they feel humiliated.
Whenever the boss is around, he plays at being busy.
Whenever the boss is around, he pretends to be busy.
Whenever the boss walks in, everyone pretends to be working.
Whenever the burden of life gets heavy, I feel like to sleep in the bosom of art.
Whenever the literary German dives into a sentence, that is the last you are going to see of him till he emerges on the other side of his Atlantic with his verb in his mouth.
Whenever the people are well informed, they can be trusted with their own government; that whenever things get so far wrong as to attract their notice, they may be relied on to set them to rights.
Whenever the school bell rang, Ivan would stare into space and drool. Several failed exorcisms later, his parents realized that he was the reincarnation of one of Pavlov's dogs.
Whenever the school bell rang, Ivan would stare into space and drool. Several failed exorcisms later, his parents realized that he was the reincarnation of one of Pavlov’s dogs.
Whenever there is a conflict between my work and my family, my family always takes precedence.
Whenever there is in any country, uncultivated lands and unemployed poor, it is clear that the laws of property have been so far extended as to violate natural right.
Whenever there is no good video to watch, no good movie to see in the theatre, or no good book or magazine to read, I opt for Imaginary Visualization. I invent a setting in my mind and stay there for a while. It might be a meditative teahouse in orbit around a wayfaring gas giant planet, or something totally different.
Whenever there is no good video to watch, no good movie to see in the theatre, or no good book or magazine to read, I opt for Imaginary Visualization. I invent a setting in my mind and stay there for a while. It might be a quiet teahouse in orbit around an unanchored gas giant planet, or something totally different.
Whenever there's a scandal, reporters come out of the woodwork.
Whenever there's pizza in the canteen, the students queue up for it.
Whenever there's pizza in the refectory, the students queue up for it.
Whenever there's something new, Tom's always mad for it, but it doesn't take long for him to get bored.
Whenever they get together, they argue.
Whenever they meet they argue – without exception.
Whenever they meet, they quarrel.
Whenever we arrived anywhere, the first thing he always said was, "Where's the pub?"
Whenever we go to Olive Garden, we always stuff ourselves with the unlimited soup and don't even touch our entree until we get home.
Whenever we have such lovely rain, I recall the two of us, several years ago.
Whenever we meet I feel he's just picking my brain - all he does is ask me questions.
Whenever we met, we never agreed on anything.
Whenever we talk, he gets my adrenaline going.
Whenever we're together, there's always someone ready to screw it up.
Whenever you are sad, start to sing. You will realize that your voice is worse than your problems.
Whenever you come home late, your parents will start harping you on it, and you'll find it unbearable. No matter how late it gets, they'll stay up just to wait for you. They should just go to sleep already, don't you think?
Whenever you come, I'm glad to see you.
Whenever you come, I'm ready.
Whenever you come, I’m glad to see you.
Whenever you come, I’m ready.
Whenever you come, you are always welcome.
Whenever you come, you are welcome.
Whenever you come, you will be our guest.
Whenever you cough or sneeze, don't forget to wash your hands right away, alright?
Whenever you download something from the Internet, make sure it's from a trusted source.
Whenever you download something from the Internet, make sure it’s from a trusted source.
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.
Whenever you get lonely, feel free to come and talk to me.
Whenever you have been unclean you have to perform a full ablution and be cleaned.
Whenever you may call on him, you will find him at his desk.
Whenever you may call on him, you will find that he is out.
Whenever you may call, you will find him at his books.
Whenever you meet a bear, make believe you are dead.
Whenever you need help, feel free to call on me.
Whenever you run low on ideas, just combine some of your previous ideas.
Whenever you set out to do something, something else must be done first.
Whenever you study, use your dictionary to best effect.
Whenever you visit him, you will find him playing video games.
Whenever you warn someone, and he does not wish to be warned, do not stop once you have begun if he is dear to you.
Whenever you're available, pass by my house for coffee.
Whenever you're in trouble or feeling down, I'll be there for you.
Whenever you're ready to leave, let me know.
Whenever you're ready.
Whenever you’re in trouble or feeling down, I’ll be there for you.
When’s it over?
Where God has sown you, there you should bloom.
Where God seems very close, the Devil is never far away.
Where I am doesn't matter.
Where I can find the check-in counter for Tam please?
Where I can send my computer to get it repaired?
Where I come from, it's a tradition to name one's first born Tom, and second son John.
Where I come from, people don't do things like that.
Where I come from, that's just common courtesy.
Where I expected light, I found a downpour!
Where I grew up, the local Native Americans had all been ethnically cleansed and sent to Oklahoma. Now I live somewhere where many of the original people still live.
Where I live, I enjoy spring the most, because the winter is too cold, the summer is too hot, and the autumn is too wet.
Where I live, that's more expensive.
Where I live, we have snow in January.
Where I took faggots, you could only take twigs.
Where I was yesterday is none of your business.
Where I was yesterday is not your business.
Where I'm from, a gentleman will hold the door open for a lady.
Where Tom did that is unknown.
Where Tom grew up isn't too far from Boston.
Where Ziri lived, there were hundreds of acres of woods.
Where a door closes, another opens.
Where a genius shows up, the fools fraternize.
Where a painting's general sense seems clear, moreover, the exact decoding of its content remains in doubt.
Where a painting’s general sense seems clear, moreover, the exact decoding of its content remains in doubt.
Where a tooth aches, there goes the tongue.
Where a woman rules, bad is the end.
Where again?
Where am I and where's my bike?
Where am I being taken?
Where am I from?
Where am I going to go?
Where am I going to hide?
Where am I going to sleep?
Where am I going, and why am I in this handbasket?
Where am I going?
Where am I now?
Where am I on this map?
Where am I right now?
Where am I sleeping?
Where am I supposed to be right now? I can't find anyone in my group.
Where am I supposed to be right now? I can’t find anyone in my group.
Where am I supposed to do that?
Where am I supposed to go?
Where am I supposed to park?
Where am I supposed to put these boxes?
Where am I supposed to put this?
Where am I supposed to sit?
Where am I supposed to sleep?
Where am I supposed to stand?
Where am I supposed to stay?
Where am I to go?
Where am I?
Where am I? What happened?
Where am I? Who am I?
Where and how is the possibility this?
Where and in what year was Joseph Haydn born?
Where and when can you find a badger?
Where and when did that happen?
Where and when will we meet?
Where and when?
Where are Algeria's embezzled funds?
Where are Algerians migrating to?
Where are Piglet and I going? It's all a big secret! And what is the meaning of our lives? In life there is no meaning...
Where are Rima and Skura?
Where are Tom and I supposed to sit?
Where are Tom and I supposed to sleep?
Where are Tom and Mary being held?
Where are Tom and Mary buried?
Where are Tom and Mary from?
Where are Tom and Mary getting married?
Where are Tom and Mary going for their vacation?
Where are Tom and Mary going in such a hurry?
Where are Tom and Mary going to be?
Where are Tom and Mary going to get shoes that fit?
Where are Tom and Mary going to go?
Where are Tom and Mary going to live now?
Where are Tom and Mary going to live?
Where are Tom and Mary going to sleep?
Where are Tom and Mary going to stay?
Where are Tom and Mary going?
Where are Tom and Mary headed?
Where are Tom and Mary hiding?
Where are Tom and Mary moving to?
Where are Tom and Mary now?
Where are Tom and Mary now? Do you know?
Where are Tom and Mary planning to go?
Where are Tom and Mary playing?
Where are Tom and Mary right now?
Where are Tom and Mary sitting?
Where are Tom and Mary sleeping?
Where are Tom and Mary staying?
Where are Tom and Mary supposed to be?
Where are Tom and Mary supposed to go?
Where are Tom and Mary this morning?
Where are Tom and Mary today?
Where are Tom and Mary tonight?
Where are Tom and Mary waiting?
Where are Tom and Mary when you need them?
Where are Tom and Mary working now?
Where are Tom and Mary working?
Where are Tom and Mary?
Where are Tom and his family living now?
Where are Tom and his family living?
Where are Tom and his group going?
Where are Tom and his party going?
Where are Tom's brothers?
Where are Tom's folks?
Where are Tom's gloves?
Where are Tom's keys?
Where are Tom's parents?
Where are Tom's suitcases?
Where are Tom's things?
Where are Yanni's parents?
Where are Ziri and Rima?
Where are Ziri's vines?
Where are all my files?
Where are all my friends ?
Where are all my friends?
Where are all our friends?
Where are all our suitcases?
Where are all the blue markers?
Where are all the flying cars?
Where are all the good men?
Where are all the grownups?
Where are all the others?
Where are all the people going? Is there a fair?
Where are all the scarfs?
Where are all the towels?
Where are all the words that you've said?
Where are all these wasps coming from?
Where are all your bronze and silver keys?
Where are all your brothers?
Where are all your promises?
Where are children baptized?
Where are children being baptized?
Where are everyone's shoes?
Where are fitting rooms?
Where are hamsters from?
Where are her newspapers?
Where are her other pictures?
Where are her sentences?
Where are his accomplices?
Where are his newspapers?
Where are his parents from?
Where are his sentences?
Where are his?
Where are house prices lower?
Where are my arms?
Where are my arrows?
Where are my bags?
Where are my balls?
Where are my books?
Where are my boots?
Where are my braces?
Where are my car keys?
Where are my children?
Where are my cigarettes?
Where are my clocks?
Where are my clothes?
Where are my comrades?
Where are my credit cards?
Where are my crisps?
Where are my crutches?
Where are my cum socks?
Where are my dragons?
Where are my eggs?
Where are my felt boots?
Where are my flippers?
Where are my friends?
Where are my glasses?
Where are my gloves?
Where are my grandchildren?
Where are my hands?
Where are my hat and my gloves?
Where are my headphones?
Where are my hiking boots?
Where are my keys?
Where are my keys? They were here earlier.
Where are my kids?
Where are my kites?
Where are my leg warmers?
Where are my manners?
Where are my marbles?
Where are my medicines?
Where are my mom and dad?
Where are my new slippers?
Where are my newspapers?
Where are my newspapers? Your newspapers are on the table.
Where are my notebooks?
Where are my notes?
Where are my officers?
Where are my pain pills?
Where are my pants?
Where are my parents?
Where are my pictures?
Where are my pills?
Where are my potato chips?
Where are my reading glasses?
Where are my red socks?
Where are my red stockings?
Where are my rings?
Where are my scissors?
Where are my semen socks?
Where are my sentences?
Where are my shin guards?
Where are my shoes?
Where are my slippers?
Where are my socks?
Where are my sperm socks?
Where are my stockings?
Where are my suitcases?
Where are my sunglasses?
Where are my suspenders?
Where are my swords?
Where are my tampons?
Where are my teeth?
Where are my things?
Where are my tools?
Where are my towels?
Where are my trousers?
Where are my watches?
Where are my watercolours?
Where are my wings?
Where are our children?
Where are our clothes made, and how are they being made?
