We started hanging out together.
We started high school.
We started hiring Jillaroos to work the sheep because all the men left to become Twitch Streamers.
We started hugging and kissing each other.
We started in 2013.
We started in no time.
We started interacting with each other.
We started it again right after dinner.
We started it.
We started kissing.
We started laughing when he told the joke.
We started looking into things more.
We started making deliveries all around town.
We started making money the easy way.
We started making out.
We started moving south.
We started our own nation on an artificial platform on the sea.
We started our spring plowing early this year.
We started partnering with other bakeries.
We started playing the game.
We started really slow.
We started recording DIY videos that we posted on YouTube.
We started running as soon as we saw the leopard approach.
We started saving for medical school.
We started school recently.
We started singing.
We started snooping around Dad's office.
We started speaking Berber.
We started speaking French.
We started studying French in elementary school.
We started talking about Islam.
We started talking about teachers we didn't like.
We started talking on Facebook.
We started talking.
We started that.
We started the work.
We started threatening Linda.
We started to dance.
We started to drift apart.
We started to earn more cash than we ever had before.
We started to forgive Dad.
We started to get annoyed.
We started to get on each other's nerves.
We started to get on each other’s nerves.
We started to like each other.
We started to make some things for him.
We started to read the Quran.
We started to sing about love.
We started to talk last week about college recruiting companies. Their business is to connect students and schools. Who pays them? It depends. The college might, if the recruiter was working for the college. Or the student might, if the recruiter was working for the student.
We started to think about what to do.
We started to use Windows 3.1 in the beginning of 1994.
We started to walk.
We started touring in Algeria.
We started transferring people onto our boat.
We started traveling south.
We started treatment.
We started uncontrollably sobbing.
We started walking faster.
We started walking.
We started with 20 students. Now we have more than 200.
We started without Tom, since he wasn't ready.
We started work early.
We started working here last summer.
We started working.
We started yelling.
We started.
We stay at home.
We stay busy.
We stay here until Sunday.
We stay in bed all morning.
We stay near the school.
We stay with Tom whenever we go to Boston.
We stayed an extra three days in Australia.
We stayed an extra three days in Boston.
We stayed an extra two weeks in Paris; and we spent it seeing the sights.
We stayed around the bonfire telling jokes and horror stories.
We stayed as long as we could.
We stayed at Tom's place in Boston for three days.
We stayed at a cheap hotel.
We stayed at a farm house.
We stayed at a five-star hotel.
We stayed at a hotel by the lake.
We stayed at a hotel in front of the station.
We stayed at a hotel near the lake.
We stayed at a hotel surrounded by trees.
We stayed at a nice hotel in Boston.
We stayed at a nice hotel.
We stayed at a small hotel just outside of town.
We stayed at a three-star hotel.
We stayed at an economy hotel.
We stayed at an inexpensive hotel.
We stayed at another hotel.
We stayed at home all day.
We stayed at home and cooked for ourselves.
We stayed at home because it was raining.
We stayed at home because it was very cold.
We stayed at home last night.
We stayed at home today.
We stayed at my aunt's during the vacation.
We stayed at my aunt’s during the vacation.
We stayed at one of the hotels near the beach.
We stayed at one of the hotels on the beach.
We stayed at our uncle's.
We stayed at our uncle’s.
We stayed at the Dorchester.
We stayed at the Hilton Hotel.
We stayed at the Hilton.
We stayed at the hotel Tom recommended.
We stayed at the hotel three days and two nights.
We stayed at the hotel.
We stayed at the most expensive hotel in town.
We stayed awake all night telling ghost stories.
We stayed back with the kids.
We stayed back.
We stayed behind to help Tom.
We stayed behind to help them.
We stayed by your side.
We stayed clear.
We stayed for 3 nights at a lakeside hotel.
We stayed for three nights.
We stayed friends.
We stayed home because it was raining.
We stayed home because of bad weather.
We stayed home because of the bad weather.
We stayed home because of the snow.
We stayed home for Christmas, so as to avoid heavy traffic.
We stayed home.
We stayed in Australia for a few weeks.
We stayed in Australia for about a week.
We stayed in Australia for just three days.
We stayed in Australia for three weeks last spring.
We stayed in Australia for three weeks.
We stayed in Australia last year for three months.
We stayed in Boston a few days.
We stayed in Boston for a few days.
We stayed in Boston for a few months.
We stayed in Boston for a few weeks.
We stayed in Boston for about a week.
We stayed in Boston for just three days.
We stayed in Boston for only a few days.
We stayed in Boston for three days.
We stayed in Boston for three nights.
We stayed in Boston for three weeks last spring.
We stayed in Boston last year for three months.
We stayed in Boston over Christmas.
We stayed in Boston three nights.
We stayed in Dorchester.
We stayed in Hawaii over Christmas.
We stayed in London for a fortnight.
We stayed in London for two weeks.
We stayed in a chalet.
We stayed in a hotel in Vienna. We walked all day round the city, seeing the sights and visiting exhibitions and museums.
We stayed in a lovely little hotel in Paris.
We stayed in a quaint bed and breakfast by the sea.
We stayed in a ritzy five-star hotel.
We stayed in an inexpensive hotel in Boston.
We stayed in close touch.
We stayed in our car.
We stayed in our house and watched TV.
We stayed in our house.
We stayed in our houses.
We stayed in our room.
We stayed in tents, and in the evening, we lit a campfire and sang songs.
We stayed in the house all day.
We stayed in the temple for ten days.
We stayed in touch.
We stayed indoors all day.
We stayed inside.
We stayed late at the shopping mall.
We stayed less than two weeks in Kabylie.
We stayed outside all afternoon, it was so nice.
We stayed outside because we wanted to, not because we were told to.
We stayed outside because we wanted to.
We stayed outside until it got dark.
We stayed overnight in Boston.
We stayed overnight in Hakone.
We stayed overnight.
We stayed put.
We stayed really still.
We stayed roommates for four years.
We stayed the night with them.
We stayed there all night.
We stayed there for three months.
We stayed there for three weeks.
We stayed there on our honeymoon.
We stayed there the whole night.
We stayed there to drink coffee.
We stayed there, discussing what to do.
We stayed three nights.
We stayed together in Boston for a couple of days.
We stayed up all night playing video games.
We stayed up all night talking.
We stayed up all night thinking about what we said.
We stayed up all night trying to come up with a plan.
We stayed up all night watching horror movies.
We stayed up all night.
We stayed up late.
We stayed up talking until 2:30 in the morning.
We stayed up talking until four in the morning.
We stayed up until about 2:30 studying for today's test.
We stayed up until midnight.
We stayed with Mom.
We stayed with Tom.
We stayed with friends in Boston.
We stayed with our friends.
We stayed with our uncle.
We stayed with the game plan.
We stayed with them all through the summer.
We steal stuff.
We step on the same ground.
We stick our necks out with that story.
We still aren't the ones who make the decisions here.
We still believe in his innocence.
We still believe it true that he is innocent.
We still can't afford to do that.
We still can't do that.
We still can't see it.
We still can’t see it.
We still constantly worry about it.
We still didn't know what was going to happen next.
We still do not have people who do literary criticism in the Kabyle language.
We still do not have the technology for travelling by crewed missions into deep space.
We still do not know how common or uncommon, intelligent or unintelligent, is life in this universe. We have only started looking.
We still don't have a COVID-19 vaccine.
We still don't have a box.
We still don't have any feedback from Tom.
We still don't have enough money.
We still don't have enough time.
We still don't have everything we need.
We still don't have tickets.
We still don't know anything about two ships.
We still don't know how he obtained a diplomatic passport.
We still don't know how long he's going to stay.
We still don't know the results.
We still don't know the truth.
We still don't know what Tom and Mary are going to do next.
We still don't know what Tom and Mary want us to do next.
We still don't know what Tom is going to do next.
We still don't know what Tom wants us to do next.
We still don't know what Tom will do next.
We still don't know what caused the problem.
We still don't know what caused the wreck.
We still don't know what causes migraines.
We still don't know what happened during the last minutes of the flight.
We still don't know what this is.
We still don't know what'll happen next.
We still don't know what's going to happen next.
We still don't know where Prigozhin is.
We still don't know why Mary didn't do what we asked her to do.
We still don't know why Tom and Mary aren't here.
We still don't know why Tom and Mary didn't do what we asked them to do.
We still don't know why Tom didn't do what we asked him to do.
We still don't know why Tom isn't here.
We still don't know why this happened.
We still don't know why.
We still don't know.
We still don't live in Boston.
We still don't really know why that happens.
We still don't really know.
We still don't trust Mary.
We still don’t have a watertight definition of what a country is.
We still don’t know how we ended up here.
We still don’t know the truth.
We still get together from time to time.
We still go to school even if it rains.
We still hadn't arrived.
We still have a TV set of the old type.
We still have a bit of time left.
We still have a bit of work to do.
We still have a chance to win.
We still have a chance.
We still have a couple of big decisions to make.
We still have a couple of huge decisions to make.
We still have a couple of loaves of bread in the kitchen.
We still have a few apples left.
We still have a few decisions to make.
We still have a few for sale.
We still have a few hours left.
We still have a few left.
We still have a few options.
We still have a few weeks left.
We still have a last chance.
We still have a little money left.
We still have a long journey ahead of us.
We still have a long way to go and very little time to get there.
We still have a long way to go before we reach our destination.
We still have a long way to go before we reach our goal.
We still have a long way to go to reach our goal.
We still have a long way to go.
We still have a long ways to go.
We still have a lot more work to do.
We still have a lot of food left.
We still have a lot of things that we need to do.
We still have a lot of things to do.
We still have a lot of things we need to do.
We still have a lot of time.
We still have a lot of work to do.
We still have a lot to cover.
We still have a lot to discuss.
We still have a lot to do today.
We still have a lot to do.
We still have a lot to learn.
We still have a lot to talk about.
We still have a month left.
We still have a number of unsolved cases.
We still have a pile of work to do.
We still have a problem.
We still have a shot.
We still have a ways to go.
We still have a whole month left.
We still have an hour before we need to be there.
We still have an obligation.
We still have an old tube television.
We still have available rooms.
We still have business to attend to.
We still have control over them.
We still have each other.
We still have enough time to discuss it.
We still have half a bottle of wine left.
We still have many other things to discuss.
We still have many unsolved cases.
We still have masses of work.
We still have more garbage to get rid of.
We still have more than halfway to go to get to the top of the mountain. Are you really already exhausted?
We still have more time.
We still have more to learn.
We still have more work to do.
We still have one last chance.
We still have one major problem that needs to be fixed.
We still have one major problem to fix.
We still have one more place to go.
We still have one more problem to worry about.
We still have options.
We still have our doubts.
We still have plenty left.
We still have plenty of food left.
We still have plenty of food.
We still have plenty of money left.
We still have plenty of time left.
We still have plenty of time, but let's take a taxi just in case.
We still have plenty of time, but let’s take a taxi just in case.
We still have plenty of time.
We still have plenty of water left.
We still have plenty of wine left.
We still have quite a bit to do.
We still have quite a few more miles to go before we get there.
We still have sixteen kilometres to walk before sunset.
We still have so much to learn from Tom.
We still have so much to learn.
We still have so much work to do.
We still have some details to iron out.
We still have some drinking water left.
We still have some farm equipment that hasn't been used since my grandfather died.
We still have some questions.
We still have some that we haven't sold yet.
We still have some time left.
We still have some unfinished business.
We still have some work ahead of us.
We still have some work left to do.
We still have some work to do.
We still have something to do before leaving.
We still have something to do before we leave.
We still have something to strive for.
We still have stuff to do.
We still have such a long way to go to reach our goal in this world!
We still have ten miles to go.
We still have the same problem.
We still have things to unpack.
We still have things we can do.
We still have things we have to do.
We still have things we need to do before we can leave.
We still have three hours before we need to be at the airport.
We still have three hours.
We still have time to evacuate.
We still have time.
We still have to be very careful.
We still have to carry water.
We still have to do that.
We still have to find Tom.
We still have to get out of debt.
We still have to get up and feed the animals, because they don't really care whether we have COVID-19 or not.
We still have to go.
We still have to look for the hook.
We still have to sell this plan to the public.
We still have to solve the underlying problem.
We still have to take an exam at the end of the school year.
We still have to tell Tom.
We still have to tell her.
We still have to tell him.
We still have to tell them.
We still have to try.
We still have to turn the hay and chop wood.
We still have two issues outstanding. Hopefully we can resolve them this month.
We still have unfinished business.
We still have work to do.
We still have worse problems than this one.
We still haven't answered Tom's letter.
We still haven't covered that.
We still haven't decided how many guests to invite to our wedding.
We still haven't decided what to do.
We still haven't decided.
We still haven't figured Tom out.
We still haven't found Tom.
We still haven't found Tom. I wonder where he could be.
We still haven't found anything even though we've looked all over the place.
We still haven't found the solution.
We still haven't found them.
We still haven't found what we're looking for.
We still haven't gotten married.
We still haven't had dinner today.
We still haven't heard from Tom.
We still haven't made a decision.
We still haven't received any feedback from Tom.
We still haven't run out of water.
We still haven't seen one yet.
We still haven't taken down our Christmas lights.
We still hope that we can win.
We still hope we can win.
We still know nothing about the two ships.
We still like Tom.
We still live partly in yesterday.
We still love each other.
We still maintain our Berber language.
We still maintain our stance.
We still make that dish in our family.
We still might win.
We still miss Tom.
We still need Tom's help.
We still need a plan.
We still need money.
We still need more help.
We still need more time.
We still need tickets.
We still need to box up the toy.
We still need to buy Tom a birthday present.
We still need to buy a lot of things.
We still need to buy food for tonight's party.
We still need to buy some bread.
We still need to clean up this mess.
We still need to compete.
We still need to decide how much to sell our house for.
We still need to decide what we're going to do tomorrow.
We still need to dispose of the body somewhere.
We still need to do more.
We still need to do some more tests.
We still need to find work.
We still need to investigate that.
We still need to make some changes.
We still need to talk to Tom.
We still need to work out the details.
We still need to wrap the gifts.
We still need to wrap the presents.
We still need you.
We still need your help.
We still played soccer.
We still received Dad with open arms.
We still remember.
We still sing.
We still teach English.
We still think that it does not have any value.
We still trust Tom.
We still use a corded telephone.
We still use land lines.
We still wait.
We still want to get paid.
We still want to help you.
We still want to help.
We still want to win.
We still went to school.
We still work as teachers.
We still work at home.
We still work on it.
We still work on our own.
We still work with Tom.
We still work with them.
We stock the lake with fish.
We stole it fair and square.
We stole it.
We stole the Porsche.
We stole the clothes.
We stole the diary.
We stole the money.
We stole their idea from them.
We stole their idea.
We stole them.
We stood aside.
We stood at the door and waited.
We stood at the door to welcome our guests.
We stood at the end of the line.
We stood back.
We stood by Tom.
We stood face to face with death.
We stood face to face.
We stood in a queue for over an hour.
We stood in line at the airport.
We stood in the middle of the room.
We stood looking at the beautiful scenery.
We stood on our heads.
We stood on the brink of a cliff.
We stood on the top of the mountain.
We stood over there with the sopranos.
We stood queuing for more than an hour.
We stood talking for half an hour.
We stood there, completely overlooked.
We stood there.
We stood together, watching what was going on.
We stood up and sang the Algerian national anthem.
We stood.
We stop loving ourselves when no one loves us.
We stop the epidemic with vaccines that don't really protect us against the virus.
We stopped along the way to have lunch.
We stopped and rested.
We stopped at Peterborough services.
We stopped at a farmhouse overnight.
We stopped at a pub in a village outside town.
We stopped at a pub on the outskirts of town.
We stopped at a traffic light.
We stopped at the first gas station.
We stopped at the first petrol station.
We stopped at the first service station.
We stopped at the gate.
We stopped at the lodge overnight.
We stopped at the monastery and went inside.
We stopped at the river to allow our horses to drink.
We stopped begging.
We stopped behind the bus.
We stopped buying it.
We stopped by the pharmacy on the way home.
We stopped calling.
We stopped caring.
We stopped checking for monsters under our beds when we realised they were inside of us.
We stopped communicating.
We stopped crying.
We stopped dancing.
We stopped dead in our tracks.
We stopped drawing anime.
We stopped dreaming starting with the beginning of the war.
We stopped filming.
We stopped for a sandwich.
We stopped for food.
We stopped for lunch at a local restaurant.
We stopped going to school.
We stopped instantly.
We stopped it.
We stopped listening to the radio.
We stopped looking for monsters under our beds when it became clear to us that the monsters lay within ourselves.
We stopped over in Athens on our way to Paris.
We stopped over in Australia for three nights on the way to New Zealand.
We stopped over in Boston for three nights on the way to Chicago.
We stopped over in Los Angeles for two nights on the way to New Zealand.
We stopped painting.
We stopped shouting.
We stopped singing mid-sentence.
We stopped taking pictures.
We stopped taking the tour seriously.
We stopped talking so that we could hear the music.
We stopped talking to listen to the music.
We stopped talking.
We stopped that car.
We stopped the child from getting into mischief.
We stopped this.
We stopped to buy gas.
We stopped to stare at them.
We stopped to take pictures.
We stopped to take some pictures.
We stopped to talk.
We stopped trying.
We stopped using it a very long time ago.
We stopped working at noon.
We stopped working.
We stopped yelling.
We stopped.
We stored the hay in the barn.
We stormed out of the restaurant.
We stormed the enemy positions.
We strangled Silya.
We stretched out our arms.
We strive for perfection in our products. In the rare case that there is breakage, staining or the order is incorrect, please contact us within seven days of the product's arrival.
We strive for perfection.
We strive to get out of misery.
We strive to improve our products, services, content, and advertising.
We strolled along the picturesque corniche by the sea.
We strolled down the path together.
We strolled through the park.
We strongly condemn such acts.
We strongly encourage people to stay indoors today.
We struck Mina.
We struck the monster.
We struck the wall with our fists.
We struck up a conversation.
We struggle to find medicine.
We struggled to keep up.
We struggled to talk.
We struggled up a hill.
We struggled with it for a while.
We struggled.
We stuck by Tom.
We stuck to the game plan.
We stuck with it.
We stuck with our game plan.
We students all like baseball.
We students are now at our best.
We students can also become famous journalists!
We studied Berber in college.
We studied Chinese for 2 years.
We studied English.
We studied French at school.
We studied French for three years.
We studied French in school.
We studied French together.
We studied French.
We studied Greek culture from various aspects.
We studied Islam.
We studied Japanese pronunciation.
We studied about King Henry VIII in our history class today.
We studied all afternoon.
We studied at high school.
We studied at the library.
We studied at the same university.
We studied more than 800 Chinese characters.
We studied the Concordance to Shakespeare to accumulate examples of alliteration.
We studied the Qur'an.
We studied the different acer species in botany class.
We studied the government's economic policy.
We studied the government’s economic policy.
We studied the road map of the country around Paris.
We studied the video.
We studied together at university.
We studied together in the library.
We studied together.
We studied.
We study Arabic.
We study Chinese.
We study English at school every day.
We study English at school.
We study English every day at school.
We study English every day.
We study English in the same class.
We study English, and that subject is important today.
We study English, since it is an important subject nowadays.
We study French at school every day.
We study French at school.
We study French every day at school.
We study French together.
We study French.
We study a lot of languages.
We study a species of poisonous frog that looks very similar to a stone.
We study according to the schedule.
We study each other for three weeks, we love each other for three months, we fight for three years, we tolerate each other for thirty years, and the kids do it all over again.
We study every aspect of the project in detail and plan its implementation.
We study every day.
We study for three hours every morning and spend the rest of our time working in the fields.
We study from six to eight hours a week.
We study hard.
We study many subjects in high school.
We study music.
We study the past for the sake of the future.
We study together to share the work.
We study together.
We stuffed ourselves with nougat and shortbread cookies during Christmas Holidays.
We stumbled around in the dark.
We stumbled to the window, where we could see nuclear mushrooms blooming across the horizon.
We stumbled upon a hidden waterfall while exploring the jungle.
We submitted our applications separately.
We subscribe to a newspaper.
We subsisted on what we could find in the forest.
We substitute margarine for butter.
We succeeded in breaking the door open after trying for half an hour.
We succeeded in doing that.
We succeeded in finishing the project.
We succeeded in settling the dispute.
We succeeded in that!
We succeeded!
We succeeded.
We successfully achieved a state of peaceful coexistence.
We suck.
We suddenly left.
We suddenly realized what was happening.
We suddenly screamed.
We suddenly sighted a school of fish.
We sued Mina.
We sued Tom.
We sued the insurance company because it violated the terms of our policy.
We sued them.
We suffer from an incurable disease called hope.
We suffer from many diseases.
We suffer from osteoporosis.
We suffer injustice.
We suffer primarily not from our vices or our weaknesses, but from our illusions.
We suffer through the same problems.
We suffered a defeat.
We suffered a devastating loss.
We suffered a loss of 10,000 dollars.
We suffered a lot of damage.
We suffered a lot together.
We suffered a lot.
We suffered a pretty big loss.
We suffered a very prolonged drought.
We suffered from a great many troubles.
We suffered heavy casualties.
We suffered heavy damage from the typhoon.
We suffered through a very long drought.
We suffered.
We sugar our tea.
We suggest April 6 as a date for your visit.
We suggest raising the fees.
We suggest that the ruling party act more decisively in order not to be voted out of office in the next election.
We suggest you adjust your records accordingly.
We suggest you come early tonight.
We suggest you get there early.
We suggested Kyoritsu Bussan approach you for assistance.
We suggested him for the post of Minister of the Interior.
We suggested that she should make up for the loss.
We suggested to her that we should go on a picnic the following Sunday.
We suggested to my lord: The boy cannot leave his father: for if he leave him, he will die.
We supplied Tom with everything he needed.
We supplied them with food and clothes.
We supply cupcakes to local restaurants.
We supply parts to the auto manufacturer.
We support Tom's decision.
We support each other.
We support free speech.
We support new Muslims.
We support our team.
We support the environmentalists completely.
We support what the Algerian government is doing.
We support you.
We supported Tom.
We supported each other.
We supported the anti-apartheid movement.
We supported the building of a mosque in the village.
We suppose that you are right.
We sure ate a lot of hot dogs today. I never want to see another hot dog as long as I live.
We sure could use one of those.
We sure don't want that.
We sure had fun, didn't we?
We sure hope that's not going to happen.
We sure miss Tom.
We sure see a lot of Tom nowadays.
We surely do appreciate what you've done.
We surpass you in age.
We surprised Tom.
We surprised my cousin with a birthday party.
We surprised ourselves.
We surrender.
We surrendered.
We surrounded Tom.
We surrounded her.
We surrounded him.
We surrounded the village.
We surrounded them.
We surveyed the view from the top of the hill.
We survive by holding out hope for a different tomorrow.
We survive in this area thanks to our cattle.
We survive, they seek to eliminate us.
We survived by sheer luck.
We survived the tornado.
We survived your attempt to let a deadly virus eradicate us; what makes you think you've got us now?
We survived!
We survived.
We suspect her of telling a lie.
We suspect him of telling a lie.
We suspect it's about a poisoning by snake bite.
We suspect it’s about a poisoning by snake bite.
We suspect poisoning.
We suspect someone murdered Tom and just made it look like suicide.
We suspect that Tom has the money hidden somewhere in his office.
We suspect that someone murdered Tom and just made it look like suicide.
We suspected Mina.
We suspected Tom.
We suspected him of lying.
We suspected our cashier of stealing the funds.
We sustained significant losses.
We sustained some minor damage.
We swallow air while we eat.
We swam across the bay.
We swam across the channel.
We swam across the river together.
We swam by the lake.
We swam fast.
We swam for a few hours.
We swam in a river.
We swam in the cold water.
We swam in the lake.
We swam in the moonlight.
We swam in the sea.
We swam out to Tom's yacht.
We swam there.
We swam today.
We swam until it got dark.
We swam.
We swapped bodies.
We swapped shifts with Tom.
We sweat when we're hot because it's our body's way of cooling off.
We sweep with a broom.
We swerved as the lorry crashed past. It was a close thing.
We swim a lot and enjoy it.
We swim a lot.
We swim to the boat.
We swim together once a week.
We swim.
We switched bodies.
We switched places for a week.
We switched to French as soon as we realized Tom couldn't understand English.
We switched to a double-entry bookkeeping system to help us understand our cash flow.
We sympathize with you.
We sympathize with your situation.
We take a bath every day.
We take a five-minute break every hour.
We take a lot of breaks.
We take a lot of trips together.
We take a newspaper.
We take a rest at noon.
We take a walk across the park every evening.
We take air and water for granted.
We take all the company visitors to the meeting room.
We take care of each other.
We take care of our belongings by putting them away. Can you show me?
We take care of the neighbor's dog in their absence.
We take care of widows and orphans.
We take dance lessons together.
We take dirt for granted.
We take drugs.
We take good care of them.
We take great pleasure in meeting all of you this evening.
We take health for granted until illness intervenes.
We take it for granted that he will succeed in his business.
We take it for granted that television exists.
We take it personally.
We take it seriously.
We take long walks together.
We take no prisoners!
We take nothing for granted.
We take off our shoes when entering a house.
We take oil for granted.
We take our breakfast at eight o'clock.
We take our health seriously.
We take our high standard of living for granted.
We take our shoes off when entering a house.
We take our tea with sugar.
We take out of bed an elderly person who is obviously suffering, dragging him into meetings.
We take part in Red Cross movement.
We take particular pride in providing efficient solutions.
We take photos with the trees in the background.
We take pleasure in many kinds of fun.
We take pride in being self-sufficient. We don't want a permanent handout.
We take risks all the time.
We take risks.
We take several readings of the barometer per day.
We take singing lessons at a school of music.
We take sleeping pills to be able to sleep.
We take telephone orders.
We take that seriously.
We take that very seriously.
We take the Asahi and Yomiuri.
We take the allegations seriously.
We take the blessing of the sun for granted.
We take the car to school.
We take the iron to the other side.
We take the same bus to work.
We take these allegations very seriously.
We take this matter very seriously.
We take turns choosing the film each week.
We talk a lot about China.
We talk a lot and do little.
We talk a lot, but do nothing.
We talk a lot.
We talk about a lot of things.
We talk about everything.
We talk about him annually.
We talk about him, all the villagers know that.
We talk about it a lot.
We talk about it all the time.
We talk about it every day.
We talk about it every night.
We talk about our plans.
We talk about that a lot.
We talk about that all the time.
We talk about the village every time we meet.
We talk about the weather.
We talk all the time.
We talk frequently.
We talk from time to time.
We talk on Facebook every day.
We talk on the phone on a regular basis, which also brings me some comfort.
We talk on the phone on a regular basis.
We talk on the phone.
We talk once in a blue moon.
We talk regularly on the phone.
We talk so much, don't we?
We talk to Jess Yeomans, one of two women tugboat captains in New York Harbor about the challenges she faces in everyday work and the art she creates when not skippering boats.
We talk to each other almost every day.
We talk to each other every day.
We talk to each other in the evening.
We talk to each other.
We talk too much and do not listen enough.
We talk too much.
We talked a little.
We talked a long time about Australia.
We talked a long time about Boston.
We talked a long time about our future together.
We talked a lot about Islam.
We talked a lot about health.
We talked a lot about our problems.
We talked a lot about you yesterday.
We talked a lot about you.
We talked about Algeria briefly a few months ago.
We talked about Australia.
We talked about Boston.
We talked about French.
We talked about Islam.
We talked about Kabylie, Algeria.
We talked about Mina.
We talked about Park Street.
We talked about Tom and Mary's relationship.
We talked about Tom last night.
We talked about Tom.
We talked about a lot of stuff.
We talked about a lot of things.
We talked about a variety of topics.
We talked about all kinds of things.
We talked about anything.
We talked about basketball.
We talked about boys.
We talked about brandy.
We talked about cabbages and kings.
We talked about camping.
We talked about cars.
We talked about everything and nothing.
We talked about everything we could think about.
We talked about everything.
We talked about fishing.
We talked about food prices.
We talked about food.
We talked about general stuff.
We talked about girls.
We talked about her relationship with Tom.
We talked about her.
We talked about his family.
We talked about his last novel.
We talked about how we should deal with the situation.
We talked about how we should handle the situation.
We talked about it all night.
We talked about it for hours, but we didn't reach a consensus.
We talked about it just yesterday.
We talked about it last night.
We talked about it.
We talked about jobs.
We talked about lots of things.
We talked about many different things.
We talked about many possibilities.
We talked about many things.
We talked about music.
We talked about our children.
We talked about our home life.
We talked about our mothers.
We talked about our pets.
We talked about our plans for the summer.
We talked about our plans.
We talked about our problems.
We talked about our summer vacations.
We talked about poetry and literature.
We talked about prehistory, history, the future, the whole shebang.
We talked about school.
We talked about skiing.
We talked about some issues we have in society.
We talked about sports.
We talked about that just the other night.
We talked about that on the way home.
We talked about that.
We talked about the meaning of Islam.
We talked about the old times, which made me feel nostalgia for that era.
We talked about the plan with him.
We talked about the question over a cup of coffee.
We talked about the question over coffee.
We talked about the weather.
We talked about them.
We talked about this and that.
We talked about this before.
We talked about this last night.
We talked about this last year.
We talked about this when it happened.
We talked about this yesterday.
We talked about this.
We talked about time zones.
We talked about various subjects.
We talked about various things.
We talked about various topics.
We talked about what Tom had done.
We talked about what had happened to us when we were kids.
We talked about what to do.
We talked about what was happening in Australia.
We talked about what was happening in Boston.
We talked about what we could do.
We talked about what we had done during the summer break.
We talked about work.
We talked about yesterday's test.
We talked about yesterday’s test.
We talked about you.
We talked all night and then we fell asleep.
We talked all night long.
We talked all night.
We talked all the time.
We talked amongst ourselves and took that decision.
We talked and talked until the day broke.
We talked cheerfully over a cup of coffee.
We talked far into the night over the phone.
We talked for a long time.
We talked for a while.
We talked for almost three hours.
We talked for hours on the phone.
We talked for hours, but we didn't reach a consensus.
We talked for hours.
We talked for probably an hour or two.
We talked for some time.
We talked for thirty minutes.
We talked for three hours.
We talked in a low voice so as not to be heard.
We talked in a low voice so as not to wake the baby.
We talked in low voices so as not to wake the baby.
We talked in low voices so we wouldn't wake the baby.
We talked in sign language.
We talked late into the night.
We talked of many things.
We talked on the phone for hours.
We talked on the phone until midnight.
We talked on the phone with our uncle for a while.
We talked on the phone with our uncle.
We talked on the telephone.
We talked on the way home.
We talked our time away.
We talked over Jack's plan to put in air conditioning, but could not come to a decision.
We talked over Jack’s plan to put in air conditioning, but could not come to a decision.
We talked over a cup of coffee.
We talked over our problems.
We talked over the phone.
We talked over the plan with him.
We talked quietly so as not to wake the baby.
We talked quietly so we wouldn't wake the baby.
We talked quite frankly.
We talked seriously to one another.
We talked so much we lost our voices.
We talked the night away.
We talked the plan over with him.
We talked the whole night.
We talked things over with Dad.
We talked till after eleven o'clock.
We talked till after eleven o’clock.
We talked to Tom about it.
We talked to Tom.
We talked to each other for a while.
We talked to each other in French since we thought people around us wouldn't be able to understand what we were saying.
We talked to everybody.
We talked to everyone.
We talked to her over the phone.
We talked to our gym teacher.
We talked to the guests.
We talked to the taxi driver about the weather.
We talked to them yesterday.
We talked until two in the morning.
We talked until two.
We talked until we ran out of things to say.
We talked with Tom.
We talked with almost everybody.
We talked with almost everyone.
We talked with just about everyone.
We talked with the owner of the house.
We talked with three couples to better understand how they manage a romantic relationship while studying abroad in the United States.
We talked without the aid of an interpreter.
We talked yesterday.
We talked.
We taped the party.
We taught Berber at a middle school.
We taught Berber.
We teach Berber at a middle school.
We teach Spanish very well.
We teach at the same school.
We teach boys and girls.
We teach children, but we also have to learn from them.
We teach each other lots of things.
We teach each other.
We teach in the same school.
We teach many boys.
We teach you to speak English.
We teach.
We teachers are human just like you students.
We teaed at the vicarage.
We teased Tom a lot.
We teased Tom too hard and made him cry. He probably hates us now.
We teased Tom.
We teased her about it.
We teased him about it.
We telegraphed him the news.
We telephoned Skura again and again.
We tell each other everything.
We tell stories to stay strong.
We tell them that if anyone aborts a girl child, we will not hesitate to initiate legal action.
We tempted the old fox away from its burrow.
We tend not to show our feelings.
We tend only to notice the details that concern us.
We tend to associate politicians with hypocrisy.
We tend to believe strangers because they haven't betrayed us yet.
We tend to eat more when more food is available.
We tend to err.
We tend to forget our own shortcomings.
We tend to forget that exercise is a key to good health.
We tend to forget this fact.
We tend to judge people by the company they keep.
We tend to make errors.
We tend to make mistakes.
We tend to notice only the details which interest us.
We tend to perceive what we expect to perceive.
We tend to slack off after many hours of hard work.
We tend to think that most dogs bite.
We tend to think that our time is our own only on Sundays and holidays.
We tend to think that our time is really only ours on Sunday and during the holidays.
We tend to think that we, our ape cousins, and other large-brained mammals such as whales and dolphins are the only species capable of cognition, the ability to take in large amounts of information about the world around us and use it to survive.
We tend to use English when we see a foreigner.
We tend to use more and more electric appliances in the home.
We tend to watch television, whatever show is broadcasted.
We tend to welcome only proof of what we already know.
We tend to welcome only proofs of what we already know.
We testified against Linda.
We testified.
We text each other all the time.
We texted Silya.
We thank Tom and his father for their cooperation.
We thank Tom for making this proposal.
We thank you for the job that you do.
We thank you for your cooperation.
We thank you for your donation.
We thank you for your generosity.
We thank you for your generous support.
We thank you for your guidance.
We thank you for your help.
We thank you for your trust and repay it to you.
We thank you very much!
We thanked Mina profusely.
We thanked Nuja.
We thanked Skura for the book.
We thanked Tom for coming.
We thanked Tom for taking our picture.
We thanked Tom for that.
We thanked Tom for the present.
We thanked Tom.
We thankfully never saw that man again.
We the People of the United States, in Order to form a more perfect Union, establish Justice, insure domestic Tranquility, provide for the common defence, promote the general Welfare, and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America.
We the People of the United States, in Order to form a more perfect Union, establish Justice, insure domestic Tranquility, provide for the common defense, promote the general Welfare, and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America.
We the jury find for the plaintiff and award actual damages in the amount of one million dollars.
We the people are overwhelmed.
We the people, are pissed off.
We then went to the theatre.
We therefore introduce a small portable cabin that can be divided in half and carried anywhere.
We think Boston is a fascinating city.
We think Tom an honest man.
We think Tom and Mary are going to be ready.
We think Tom can help us win.
We think Tom is going to be ready.
We think Tom is hiding somewhere on this island.
We think Tom killed his wife for the insurance money.
We think Tom knows more about Mary's death than he's willing to admit.
We think Tom may be in trouble.
We think Tom might be in Australia.
We think Tom might be in Boston.
We think Tom might be in imminent danger.
We think Tom was murdered.
We think Tom will be OK.
We think Tom will be back soon.
We think Tom will be ready.
We think Venice a fascinating city.
We think Venice is a fascinating city.
We think a disgruntled employee was the one who planted the bomb.
We think a lot alike.
We think about that a lot.
We think alike.
We think differently about certain things.
We think differently.
We think he succeeded because he worked hard.
We think he'll be back soon.
We think her going alone is dangerous.
We think highly of Tom.
We think him to be very honest.
We think his last name is Jackson.
We think in generalities, but we live in detail.
We think in words and pictures.
We think it dangerous that she should go alone.
We think it is possible for him to solve the problem.
We think it is very dangerous that you're climbing the mountain alone.
We think it is very dangerous that you’re climbing the mountain alone.
We think it isn't fair.
We think it may take a few weeks to finish doing what you asked us to do.
We think it possible for him to solve the problem.
We think it possible that they may arrive next week.
We think it was Tom.
We think it was her.
We think it was him.
We think it was them.
We think it's Tom.
We think it's a big deal.
We think it's a good idea.
We think it's a great idea.
We think it's dangerous for her to go alone.
We think it's dangerous that she's going alone.
We think it's fair.
We think it's not fair.
We think it's pretty significant.
We think it's pretty simple.
We think it's the beginning of a new generation of computing.
We think it's time for our son to have a little brother or sister to play with.
We think it's time to smile more often.
We think it's unfair.
We think little of him as a scholar.
We think nuclear weapons will destroy our earth.
We think of Tom as an honest man.
We think of him as an honest man.
We think of him.
We think of our choices as being able to communicate information about ourselves.
We think of the plan as of value.
We think our boy is brilliant. Of course, we might be biased.
We think our new neighbors' names are Tom and Mary.
We think so.
We think someone, and we know very well who, called the police.
We think someone, and we know very well who, used the boss's cup.
We think that Tom is an honest person.
We think that Tom killed his wife for the insurance money.
We think that Tom might be in Australia.
We think that Tom might be in imminent danger.
We think that Tom probably knew his attacker.
We think that Tom will be OK.
We think that Tom will be back soon.
We think that he is an honest person.
We think that he will come.
We think that he's honest.
We think that his last name is Jackson.
We think that it is dangerous to climb mountains alone.
We think that it is harmful to the growth of art and science if administrative measures are used to impose one particular style of art or school of thought and to ban another.
We think that it might be dangerous to swim in that river.
We think that it's our duty to pay taxes.
We think that it’s our duty to pay taxes.
We think that pirates buried treasure on this island.
We think that the narrow road was responsible for the accident.
We think that there is still a threat.
We think that there should be no more wars.
We think that they know us.
We think that this will work well.
We think that we can win.
We think that we could win.
We think that we die for our country, but we die for corporations.
We think that we know better those who are nearest to us. But time brings with it many more unknowns than knowns, and one knows others less and less well than one did. The shadow region becomes ever larger.
We think that you should go to Australia.
We think that you're doing very well here.
We think that you're right.
We think that's a good thing.
We think that's realistic.
We think that's wrong.
We think the death occurred at twenty minutes past two in the afternoon.
We think the government's wrong.
We think the reason for his success was because of hard work.
We think the same way.
We think the same.
We think the world of Tom.
We think the world of you.
We think there is still a threat.
We think this belongs to you.
We think this doesn't make sense.
We think this is a very good idea.
We think this will work well.
We think too much and feel too little.
We think too much and feel too little. More than machinery, we need humanity; more than cleverness, we need kindness and gentleness. Without these qualities, life will be violent and all will be lost.
We think we are over the worst.
We think we can do it.
We think we can handle that.
We think we can prove it.
We think we could do that.
We think we did a good job.
We think we have a chance.
We think we know where Tom and Mary have been.
We think we know where Tom has been.
We think we solved your problem.
We think we'll be successful.
We think we're too early.
We think we're very close solving the problem.
We think we've found a way to help you.
We think we've got that fixed.
We think you can tell us where to find him.
We think you need our help.
We think you should come in.
We think you should go to Australia.
We think you should go to Boston.
We think you should take it.
We think you'll like it as much as we do.
We think you're doing very well here.
We think you're in danger.
We think you're right.
We think, and this allows us to do the marvelous things that we do.
We think, dream and remember in pictures and carry within us a large internal archive.
We think, therefore we are.
We thoroughly enjoyed the delicious meal.
We thought Enceladus was just boring and cold until the Cassini mission discovered a liquid water subsurface ocean.
We thought Mary and Tom were lost at sea but then we saw the distress flare.
We thought Tom and Mary were OK.
We thought Tom was OK.
We thought Tom was asleep.
We thought Tom was sleeping.
We thought Tom would be surprised.
We thought Tom's threat was only a joke.
We thought a long time before asking this question.
We thought about going there tomorrow.
We thought about it.
We thought about that a little too late.
We thought about that for hours.
We thought about that.
We thought he was an American.
We thought he was rich.
We thought his silence meant he approved.
We thought his threat was only a joke.
We thought it dangerous for her to go alone.
We thought it doubtful whether it would clear soon.
We thought it impossible to stop him.
We thought it natural that he should be punished.
We thought it natural that he should get excited.
We thought it was a nice plan.
We thought it was a short cut, but it turned out to be a long way round.
We thought it was a short cut, but it turned out to be a roundabout route.
We thought it was absurd that you got punished.
We thought it was fantastic.
We thought it was funny.
We thought it was hilarious.
We thought it was in the cards for him to aim to become a doctor.
We thought it was our duty to do that.
We thought it was perfect.
We thought it was pretty good.
We thought it was the right thing to do.
We thought it wise not to continue our trip.
We thought it would rain; nevertheless, we started on our trip.
We thought it wrong not to listen to our opponents.
We thought it wrong that you should punish him.
We thought it wrong to leave her alone.
We thought maybe you could help us.
We thought much of his first novel.
We thought of him as a genius.
We thought of you as a son.
We thought out a new way.
We thought so too, at first.
We thought some students would come, but there was nobody in the classroom.
We thought something had happened to you.
We thought that Tom was sleeping.
We thought that Tom's threat was only a joke.
We thought that it was natural that he should be punished.
We thought that maybe you could help us.
We thought that the earth moved around the sun.
We thought that the message was true.
We thought that we could win.
We thought that we wouldn't be able to stop Tom.
We thought that we wouldn't be able to stop him.
We thought that we'd only be able to sell a few tickets, but we've already sold them all.
We thought that would be enough.
We thought that you were married.
We thought that you would not come because of your commitments.
We thought that you'd already gone to Australia.
We thought the enemy had captured you.
We thought the meeting was going to be short, but it actually went on for almost three hours.
We thought the same thing.
We thought the situation would be embarrassing.
We thought their shop was a failure, but now they've gotten out from under and even expanded.
We thought their shop was a failure, but now they’ve gotten out from under and even expanded.
We thought there wouldn't be any more problems.
We thought they didn't like it.
We thought they were clever whereas anyone can cheat on them.
We thought they were extinct.
We thought we could do anything.
We thought we could do it.
We thought we could do that by ourselves.
We thought we could do that.
We thought we did a good job.
We thought we did all we could.
We thought we had the game in the bag.
We thought we lost it.
We thought we might expect a good harvest.
We thought we were alone.
We thought we were invincible.
We thought we were moving to Algeria.
We thought we were ready for anything.
We thought we would write out the directions, in case you got lost.
We thought we'd drop by and see if you wanted to go out for lunch with us.
We thought we'd get a jump on things.
We thought we'd visit you for a few days next summer.
We thought you could do it.
We thought you could do that.
We thought you could help.
We thought you didn't like it.
We thought you had decided to stay.
We thought you knew.
We thought you might want to come with us.
We thought you might want to join us.
We thought you were a robber.
We thought you were asleep.
We thought you were coming with us.
We thought you were crying.
We thought you were in danger.
We thought you were in the kitchen.
We thought you were sick.
We thought you were singing.
We thought you were sleeping.
We thought you were untrustworthy.
We thought you were working.
We thought you'd already gone to Australia.
We thought you'd already gone to Boston.
We thought you'd been captured by the enemy.
We threatened to leave.
We three sisters opened a coffee shop.
We three will stick together.
We threw Tom out.
We threw a party.
We threw away all our old bath towels and bought new ones.
We threw down our coats to make goalposts.
We threw her out.
We threw him out.
We threw it away.
We threw it out the window.
We threw the ball in turn so that everyone could have a try.
We threw the coffee at at xlifa.
We threw them away.
We threw them out.
We threw them.
We threw up.
We thrive in the presence of love.
We throw the bones onto the floor.
We tickled Nuja.
We tidied our room up.
We tidied up our classroom after school.
We tidied up our room.
We tied him up so that he would not escape.
We tied him up so that he wouldn't be able to escape.
We tied him up so that he wouldn’t be able to escape.
We tied strings to all of my brother's plastic models in his room and when he turned the lights off to go to sleep, we pulled the strings.
We tied the dog to the door.
We tied with the other team for first place.
We toasted the buns for the sandwiches.
We toiled up a hill.
We told Mary.
We told Skura about Ziri's death.
We told Tom about it.
We told Tom about that, and of course, we told Mary.
We told Tom he wasn't welcome here.
We told Tom not to stay out late.
We told Tom that he wasn't welcome here.
We told Tom that he wasn't welcomed there.
We told Tom that.
We told Tom.
We told a lie to him, and hurt him.
We told everybody that we were moving to Australia.
We told everybody we were moving to Australia.
We told everyone about what had happened.
We told everyone that we were moving to Australia.
We told everyone that we were moving to Boston.
We told everyone the truth.
We told everyone we were moving to Australia.
We told everyone.
We told her.
We told him about it; apparently he has forgotten.
We told him about it; seems he forgot.
We told him the truth and he still won't believe it.
We told him.
We told my grandpa 100 times that the bar is not open because of the Spanish flu, to make him understand.
We told our bus guide that we preferred to go shopping.
We told the dog to stay.
We told the man we could and would make such a scandal out of this as should make his name stink from one end of London to the other.
We told the police about all those incidents.
We told the taxi driver about our plans.
We told the truth eventually.
We told the truth.
We told the waiter that everything was delicious.
We told them not to do that.
We told them to surrender.
We told them we were Canadian.
We told you of the anger of the Austrian people against Count Badeni and his Government, and how the Emperor approved of him and his work, and was determined to uphold him in spite of the opposition.
We tolerate pain.
We too are considering it from various perspectives.
We too have a similar approach.
We took Berber in college.
We took Berber in high school.
We took French in high school.
We took Lina to an amazing Algerian restaurant in Paris.
We took Lina to one of her favorite restaurants.
We took Linda to a posh restaurant.
We took Mom's advice.
We took Rima to the beach.
We took Tom home.
We took a back road to avoid the heavy traffic.
We took a back road to avoid the traffic accident.
We took a bus here.
We took a bus to the conference.
We took a bus to the congress.
We took a cab.
We took a deep breath.
We took a detour.
We took a different approach.
We took a dip in the lake after lying in the sun for a while.
We took a direct road to town.
We took a dump.
We took a family vacation to Australia.
We took a family vacation to Tahiti.
We took a ferry from the island to the mainland.
We took a field trip to an aquarium.
We took a field trip to the Blida Atlas Mountains.
We took a good place to see the parade.
We took a life.
We took a long hike up to the summit.
We took a long walk.
We took a look at the computer.
We took a look at the kabyle country.
We took a look for ourselves.
We took a lot of photos on our trip.
We took a lot of pictures.
We took a mud bath.
We took a plane from Australia to New Zealand.
We took a plane from Boston to Chicago.
We took a plane from Tokyo to Sapporo.
We took a quiet stroll in the woods.
We took a rest for a while.
We took a rest one after the other.
We took a ride.
We took a short rest on the way.
We took a short walk during our break.
We took a shortcut through the cornfield.
We took a shower together.
We took a stroll in the woods yesterday.
We took a taxi and came.
We took a taxi from the taxi stand.
We took a taxi so as not to be late.
We took a taxi so as to get there on time.
We took a taxi so as to reach there on time.
We took a taxi so that we wouldn't be late.
We took a taxi so we wouldn't be late.
We took a taxi to the airport.
We took a tea break.
We took a tour of the British Parliament.
We took a trip to a national park.
We took a turn around the city in our car.
We took a vote.
We took a walk along the beach.
We took a walk along the river.
We took a walk along the riverbank.
We took a walk despite the rain.
We took a walk in a beautiful green valley.
We took a walk in the park.
We took a walk on the beach just before sunset.
We took a wrong turn.
We took action immediately so that things wouldn't get worse.
We took action immediately so that things wouldn’t get worse.
We took advantage of the day's nice weather to play tennis.
We took advantage of the fine weather to play tennis.
We took advantage of the good weather and painted our barn.
We took advantage of the good weather to play tennis.
We took advantage of the sunny weather to go on a picnic.
We took an airboat tour through the Everglades.
We took an airplane from Boston to Chicago.
We took an airplane from Mexico to Madrid.
We took an examination in math last week.
We took an hour lunch break.
We took baskets and went directly to the market.
We took care of business.
We took care of our children by turns.
We took care of our horses by turns.
We took care of that.
We took care of them.
We took cover from the thunder shower.
We took dance lessons together.
We took each other's hands.
We took every precaution.
We took her straight to the clinic as soon as she fainted.
We took her to the hospital.
We took him for an American.
We took him straight to hospital.
We took him to hospital immediately.
We took him to hospital straight away.
We took him to the hospital immediately.
We took him to the hospital right away.
We took him to the hospital.
We took his story on trust.
We took his success for granted.
We took in a puppy from the shelter for homeless dogs.
We took it for granted Tom would join us.
We took it for granted that Tom would join us.
We took it for granted that he had been punished.
We took it for granted that he would approve of the plan.
We took it for granted that he would come with us.
We took it for granted that he would help us.
We took it for granted that he would join us.
We took it for granted that she would take part in the speech contest.
We took it for granted.
We took it home with us.
We took it slow.
We took it very seriously.
We took long walks along the beach in the moonlight.
We took lots of pictures.
We took lunch at noon.
We took my nephew to hospital last Monday.
We took notice of his remark.
We took off from Algiers.
We took off our boots.
We took off our coats.
We took off our gloves.
We took off our hats.
We took off our shirts.
We took off our shoes.
We took off our skates.
We took off our socks.
We took off our sunglasses.
We took offense at the student's attitude.
We took offense at the student’s attitude.
We took our boots off.
We took our clothes off and played in the street.
We took our coats off.
We took our dog to the veterinarian.
We took our dogs everywhere.
We took our gloves off.
We took our hats off.
We took our lunch and sat down on the bank of the river.
We took our places among them.
We took our shirts off.
We took our shoes off.
We took our skates off.
We took our socks off.
We took our sunglasses off.
We took our time.
We took out a loan in order to buy a car.
We took out the trash.
We took over.
We took part in the assembly.
We took part in the contest.
We took part in the discussion.
We took pictures at the shopping mall.
We took pictures of the dolphins.
We took plenty of photos to capture the moment.
We took pride in our strength.
We took refuge behind a big tree.
We took refuge from the storm in a nearby barn.
We took refuge in a cave and waited for the storm to pass.
We took revenge.
We took risks.
We took shelter from the rain under a tree.
We took shelter under a tree.
We took shelter under the bridge.
We took showers.
We took strong measures to prevent it.
We took that.
We took the apples to the cellar and put them into cardboard boxes.
We took the boy to school.
We took the bus from Brussels to Paris.
We took the bus.
We took the cross-channel ferry from Dover to Calais.
We took the day off.
We took the elevator down to the basement.
We took the elevator down to the third floor.
We took the elevator up to the third floor.
We took the enemy by surprise.
We took the engine apart.
We took the fastest train in the world from the airport to the city center.
We took the first step. Now we just have to keep going.
We took the hard path.
We took the liberty of putting your candidacy on hold.
We took the lift down to the second floor.
We took the lift down to the third floor.
We took the money.
We took the necessary measures.
We took the plunge.
We took the puppy home with us.
We took the quickest route.
We took the same bus.
We took the shortest way to the station.
We took the tram back.
We took the tram.
We took the trash out.
We took the usual precautions.
We took the wrong bus.
We took the wrong road.
We took them from you.
We took them.
We took turns cleaning the room.
We took turns driving on the way to Boston.
We took turns driving on the way to Osaka.
We took turns driving our car on our way there.
We took turns driving the car.
We took turns driving.
We took turns in washing the car.
We took turns telling tales of strange happenings.
We took turns washing the car.
We took turns with the driving.
We took up that problem at the last meeting.
We torn our papers when we left the country.
We tortured Tom.
We tortured him, but he didn't want to talk.
We tortured them.
We tossed a coin to decide.
We totally agree.
We totally empathize with our fellow human beings in Palestine.
We totally forgot about lunch.
We tottered together upon the brink of the fall.
We touched Nuja.
We touched it.
We touched on this issue.
We toured all the major cities.
We tracked Tom down.
We trade cars here.
We trade in oxen.
We train dogs.
We train every day.
We train together.
We trained Tom.
We trained consistently.
We trained for this.
We trained hard for the game at first.
We transformed past animosities into opportunities for cooperation.
We transformed since the accident.
We translate sentences into other languages.
We translated a Japanese novel into English.
We translated it.
We translated the novel from Japanese into English.
We translated the novel from Japanese to English.
We translated the report from English into Afrikaans.
We translated the sentences and wrote them on the website for others to see, as well.
We transported the computer to the office.
We trapped Mina.
We trapped Tom.
We trashed the place.
We trashed the whole apartment.
We travel light.
We travel not to move, but to change our mind.
We traveled all around Australia.
We traveled all over the country.
We traveled all over the world.
We traveled around Australia.
We traveled around the country by car.
We traveled around the country.
We traveled around the world last year.
We traveled around.
We traveled by bus from Aachen to Liège.
We traveled by plane.
We traveled down the river in a punt.
We traveled in South America.
We traveled in third class and it was excellent.
We traveled on foot.
We traveled over a very good road.
We traveled through space.
We traveled through the south of France.
We traveled through the whole land.
We traveled to Algeria.
We traveled to France.
We traveled to Mexico by plane.
We traveled to different parts of Algeria.
We traveled together for three months.
We traveled together last year for three months.
We traveled together.
We traveled westwards for 100 miles.
We traveled.
We travelled all over Italy.
We travelled all over the country.
We travelled around the world.
We travelled by coach from Aachen to Liège.
We travelled by train to London.
We travelled first to France, and then on to Switzerland and Austria.
We travelled on foot.
We travelled quite a bit around the world before we decided to settle in Australia.
We travelled to Belgium for the beer.
We travelled to London last year.
We travelled together for three months.
We travelled together.
We treasure our trees.
We treat all visitors alike.
We treat our customers well.
We treated him in the politest manner possible.
We treated them unfairly.
We trekked through the dense jungle for hours, but finally reached our destination.
We trembled with fear.
We tricked Tom.
We tricked her.
We tricked him.
We tricked them.
We tricked you.
We tried again to bump off the politician, but couldn't do it.
We tried again to bump off the politician, but couldn’t do it.
We tried again.
We tried all means possible.
We tried different things.
We tried doing that once.
We tried doing that over and over again.
We tried everything to help him.
We tried everything.
We tried for almost an hour.
We tried hard to be quiet.
We tried hard to get first prize in the chorus contest.
We tried hard.
We tried in vain to cheer Tom up.
We tried in vain to make him change his mind.
We tried in vain to shut them up.
We tried in vain to talk him out of smoking.
We tried it again, but couldn't do it.
We tried it again, but couldn’t do it.
We tried it out yesterday; as expected, it was really good.
We tried it your way last time and it didn't work.
We tried it.
We tried listening.
We tried many different ways to do that.
We tried not to get in Tom's way.
We tried our best to find the missing persons.
We tried our best to have a good time.
We tried our best to help Tom.
We tried our best to help them.
We tried our best to prevent this from happening.
We tried our best.
We tried out for the ballet team.
We tried really hard.
We tried several things, but nothing worked.
We tried so hard to make things better for our kids that we made them worse.
We tried store after store, but were unable to find what we wanted.
We tried that already.
We tried that yesterday.
We tried that.
We tried the cupcakes.
We tried the loquats.
We tried their specialty latte and loved it.
We tried them all.
We tried this before.
We tried to advocate for the rights of his employees, but Tom remained apathetic to the cause.
We tried to be careful.
We tried to be good.
We tried to be quiet.
We tried to call you.
We tried to capture you.
We tried to catch Tom, but couldn't.
We tried to catch Tom.
We tried to catch you.
We tried to cheer Tom up.
We tried to cheer her up.
We tried to cheer him up by taking him out.
We tried to cheer him up.
We tried to come in through the kitchen.
We tried to come to a compromise with them.
We tried to come up to the standard.
We tried to compromise with them.
We tried to contact the other ship.
We tried to convince Tom not to do it.
We tried to convince Tom not to do that.
We tried to convince Tom to stay.
We tried to defend ourselves.
We tried to determine his location, but it seems that he's not in the city.
We tried to do it like Tom does it.
We tried to do our best.
We tried to do something about it.
We tried to do that last week.
We tried to do that, but we couldn't.
We tried to do that, but we failed.
We tried to eliminate all danger beforehand.
We tried to explain our plan to Tom.
We tried to explain to you that day cream is just another kind of moisturizer but you blew us off.
We tried to fight.
We tried to figure out how to do that, but we couldn't.
We tried to figure out the problem our professor had given us, but it seemed confusing.
We tried to fool Tom, but he obviously knew something was up.
We tried to fool Tom.
We tried to force the door open.
We tried to foresee everything.
We tried to get Tom to change his mind, but we couldn't.
We tried to get Tom to come.
We tried to get Tom to help us.
We tried to get Tom to stop Mary.
We tried to get Tom to stop.
We tried to get Tom to tell us.
We tried to get him to change his mind, but couldn't.
We tried to get him to change his mind, but couldn’t.
We tried to get them to come.
We tried to get them to help us.
We tried to get them to stop.
We tried to get them to tell us.
We tried to handcuff them.
We tried to help Tom.
We tried to help everybody that needed help.
We tried to help everybody who needed help.
We tried to help everyone we could.
We tried to hold on to him but we lost him.
We tried to instill a feeling of hope.
We tried to jump-start my truck.
We tried to keep Tom from leaving.
We tried to keep it a secret.
We tried to keep out of sight.
We tried to make ourselves comfortable.
We tried to make out the letters written on the wall.
We tried to make the best of it.
We tried to make the most of our chances.
We tried to outrun the bear.
We tried to persuade Jim to join us.
We tried to persuade Tom to do that.
We tried to persuade Tom.
We tried to persuade him.
We tried to project our analysis into the future.
We tried to put out the fire but we were unsuccessful. We had to call the fire brigade.
We tried to reach you.
We tried to recruit Tom.
We tried to relax.
We tried to restrain him from his reckless action.
We tried to save Tom.
We tried to save her.
We tried to save him.
We tried to save them.
We tried to share the little there was as equally as possible.
We tried to sneak into the movie theater.
We tried to speak with Tom.
We tried to speak with them.
We tried to start a baking business.
We tried to stay calm.
We tried to stop Tom from doing that.
We tried to stop Tom.
We tried to stop her.
We tried to stop him.
We tried to stop them.
We tried to stop you.
We tried to talk Tom out of it.
We tried to trap the fox.
We tried to understand.
We tried to walk past them.
We tried to warn Tom.
We tried to warn her.
We tried to warn him.
We tried to warn them.
We tried to warn you.
We tried with might and main to break open the door.
We tried, but we failed.
We tried.
We trimmed the ivy.
We trounced their team.
We trudged up a hill.
We truly appreciate your business.
We trust Tom's opinion.
We trust Tom.
We trust each other.
We trust her program.
We trust him.
We trust his program.
We trust in lies.
We trust only him.
We trust their program.
We trust them.
We trust you.
We trust your judgment.
We trusted Tom.
We trusted each other.
We trusted her.
We trusted him.
We trusted them.
We trusted you.
We try and look after each other.
We try hard.
We try our best.
We try to buy fake happiness.
We try to divvy up the work fairly.
We try to do as much as we can.
We try to do our best.
We try to explain things across cultures; in spite of boundaries.
We try to figuire out how it works.
We try to follow up on every complaint.
We try to forget.
We try to go to Australia at least once a year.
We try to go to Boston at least once a year.
We try to help everyone we can.
We try to keep Esperanto alive mainly for the fun because there is no survival value to it.
We try to keep our promises.
We try to look after each other.
We try to obey the rules.
We try to please everybody.
We try to set a good example providing my staff with 12 weeks of paid parental leave.
We try to stay together.
We try to treat everybody the same.
We try.
We turn a deaf ear to the calls of our brother who suffer in in prisons.
We turn around.
We turn off the TV.
We turned Linda down.
We turned a corner and drove north.
We turned down the offer.
We turned him over to the authorities.
We turned into a narrow, unpaved road.
We turned it into a state problem.
We turned left at the corner and drove north.
We turned off our computers.
We turned off our phones.
We turned off the lights.
We turned off the power in the building.
We turned on Linda.
We turned on the TV.
We turned on the radio.
We turned our computers off.
We turned the offer down.
We turned the power off in the building.
We turned to look at them.
We turned to the experts to request their assessment of our chances of success.
We tutored Silya.
We two became acquainted at a party.
We two don't know what mackerel is in Tagalog.
We two know that you two lie.
We two love the same one.
We typed comments.
We unclenched our fists.
We uncovered the secrets hidden within the book.
We uncovered this arcane.
We underestimate Mina.
We underestimate complex threats, like climate change.
We underestimated Tom.
We underestimated everything our elders bequeathed to us.
We underestimated the enemy.
We underestimated the risk.
We underestimated you.
We understand each other now.
We understand each other perfectly.
We understand each other very well.
We understand each other.
We understand golf.
We understand his reaction.
We understand how difficult this must be for you.
We understand it only too well.
We understand it.
We understand our own movements extremely well, and we can use them for reference.
We understand that already.
We understand that better now.
We understand that completely.
We understand that he is for the plan.
We understand that the Woody Panel retails for $80.
We understand that you always do your best to develop a market for our products.
We understand that.
We understand the impulse.
We understand the issues.
We understand the necessity of studying.
We understand the situation.
We understand this.
We understand what we need.
We understand what's happening.
We understand why.
We understand you always do your best to develop a market for our products.
We understand you know.
We understand you perfectly.
We understand you want to look for a good property with low prices, so we always search for properties below the market price.
We understand your anger.
We understand your frustration.
We understand.
We understood Tom.
We understood each other very well.
We understood each other.
We understood everything.
We understood it.
We understood that already.
We understood that it takes effort for us to win.
We understood that you have eaten a lot.
We understood that you've eaten a lot.
We understood that.
We understood.
We underwent tests.
We unearth potatoes.
We unexpectedly found a cat in the box.
We unfortunately have to say that no consensus has been reached.
We unloaded furniture for three hours.
We unlocked the front gate.
We unpacked our stuff.
We unpacked our things.
We untied the ribbons.
We uploaded the pictures from our wedding to Facebook.
We upset Tom.
We urge you to be patient.
We urged Tom to do that.
We urged Tom to go.
We urged Tom to stop doing that.
We urged Tom to study harder.
We urgently need Tom here.
We urgently need help.
We urgently need to operate.
We use "present tense" for this kind of case.
We use DS as an abbreviation of 'dyad' style.
We use DS as an abbreviation of ’dyad’ style.
We use Snapchat.
We use a calculator to do our accounts.
We use a candy cannon to shoot sweets in the air.
We use a dictionary to learn the meaning of words.
We use a dictionary to look up the meaning of words.
We use a lot of things.
We use a lot of water every day.
We use a lot of water.
We use a system called the 'Linnaean Taxonomic' to class organisms into groups.
We use a toaster to make toast.
We use articles more in Spanish than in other languages.
We use chopsticks in place of knives and forks.
We use cloth to make clothes.
We use computers to solve problems and to put information in order.
We use dashed lines for the model, and continuous lines for the reality.
We use double negatives in our language.
We use fans to cool the room in the summer.
We use gestures as well as words to communicate with others.
We use it every day.
We use it in our region.
We use it regularly.
We use magic.
We use millions of light bulbs every year.
We use miscellaneous methods such as discussion, threats and physical injury.
We use much more than 10% of our brains; that's just an urban myth.
We use only natural materials.
We use only the best brand of wine.
We use only wind power to power our farm.
We use our feet to walk.
We use proven strategies.
We use public transport.
We use public transportation.
We use really state-of-the-art equipment.
We use shared facilities.
We use solar-powered distillation to desalinate our water.
We use telescopes to see far-away objects.
We use the Internet all the time.
We use the latest diagnostic and treatment methods.
We use the metric system here.
We use the new orthography.
We use the old orthography.
We use the oven all the time.
We use the present tense for this kind of case.
We use the same classroom for two different groups of students each day.
We use the symbol â€œâŠ‚â€ to denote proper inclusion.
We use the symbol “⊂” to denote proper inclusion.
We use the word "ĝi" when we are not talking about a man or a woman, but about something that has no sex or whose sex is unknown or indifferent to us. Consequently, we can almost always use this word very well in place of "tio", whose meaning is almost the same.
We use them often as parasols or umbrellas.
We use them to beautify our home.
We use this device to measure blood pressure.
We use this room as a study and occasional spare bedroom.
We use this word a lot in our region.
We use to go out at night.
We use words in order to communicate.
We use words to communicate.
We use words to create new words.
We use words to tell somebody something, that is, to communicate.
We used Dad's credit card.
We used Rima for attention.
We used Tom's truck to move Mary's piano to her new house.
We used a barrel for a makeshift table.
We used a couple of tons of coal last winter.
We used a different method to do that this time.
We used a pump to get the water out of the basement.
We used a taxi because it was late.
We used acer wood for the mantel in our fireplace.
We used emergency measures to revive the cardiac arrest patient.
We used formerly to send our she-goats to a neighbour's males; but I have now reared several large handsome he-goats of our own.
We used goat skins to make drums.
We used insect repellent to keep the midges away during the picnic.
We used strong metal spikes to anchor the tent in the rocky ground.
We used that table.
We used that whole bag of charcoal for our barbecue party.
We used that.
We used the boat to cross the narrow river.
We used the computer in order to save time.
We used the computer to save time.
We used the following procedures in this experiment.
We used the machine.
We used the money to build mosques.
We used the phone.
We used the restroom.
We used the transcripts of the recordings of telephone conversations.
We used them in the field.
We used to always make brisket for Pesach.
We used to bathe in this river in our childhood.
We used to be able to swim in this river, but now it's too polluted.
We used to be at school together.
We used to be best friends.
We used to be called by them to eat couscous.
We used to be close friends.
We used to be engaged.
We used to be friends with Tom.
We used to be friends.
We used to be good at this.
We used to be good friends.
We used to be human.
We used to be in school together.
We used to be married.
We used to be neighbors.
We used to be neighbours.
We used to be on the basketball team.
We used to be on the same team.
We used to be parts of stars.
We used to be pretty happy together.
We used to be real good friends.
We used to bury our candy like pirates. We was stupid.
We used to buy these by the case.
We used to call him Tom.
We used to come here as a family.
We used to compete against each other in college.
We used to compete furiously in college.
We used to compile survey results using spreadsheet programs but recently we feel that database software's summing methods are quicker so we use databases to total them.
We used to compile survey results using spreadsheet programs but recently we feel that database software’s summing methods are quicker so we use databases to total them.
We used to date actors.
We used to date actresses.
We used to date.
We used to discuss everything and now we can't talk about anything.
We used to discuss politics far into the night.
We used to do a lot of things together.
We used to do a lot of things.
We used to do that a lot when I was growing up.
We used to do that a lot.
We used to do that every Monday.
We used to do that together.
We used to do that when I was a kid.
We used to do that.
We used to eat a lot of potatoes when I was a kid.
We used to enjoy walks along the seashore.
We used to fight a lot.
We used to fight.
We used to find more edible plants around here.
We used to get a lot of tourists from Australia.
We used to go camping a lot.
We used to go camping when I was a kid.
We used to go fishing together.
We used to go hiking a lot.
We used to go ice-skating every weekend.
We used to go on holiday to the seaside.
We used to go out every night.
We used to go out to collect candy.
We used to go rambling a lot.
We used to go shopping at the market.
We used to go skating every weekend.
We used to go to Australia at least once a year.
We used to go to Boston at least once a month.
We used to go to school together.
We used to go to the movies on Saturday evening.
We used to go to the plaza every day to play soccer.
We used to go to the same school.
We used to go to the seaside on holiday.
We used to go walking a lot.
We used to hang out all the time.
We used to have Mondays off.
We used to have a canoe.
We used to have a cat, but one day it disappeared.
We used to have a lovely, little Gazebo outside our house.
We used to have a telephone with a dial.
We used to have aeroplanes, but we had to sell them.
We used to have airplanes, but we had to sell them.
We used to have all-night LAN parties.
We used to have an 8088.
We used to have fish-finger sandwiches after the football on Saturdays.
We used to have fruit.
We used to have larger audiences.
We used to have more students here.
We used to have noisy neighbors.
We used to have one of those, but we don't now.
We used to have our own servants.
We used to have tea four times a day.
We used to have three cars.
We used to keep our house cleaner.
We used to know all the neighbors by name.
We used to know the phone numbers of our friends and family by heart.
We used to live here.
We used to live in Algiers, too.
We used to live in Australia when you were a baby.
We used to live in Australia.
We used to live in Boston when you were a baby.
We used to live in Boston.
We used to live in Kobe.
We used to live in a different neighborhood.
We used to live in another city.
We used to live in chaos.
We used to live in houses made of logs, ugly little houses.
We used to live in this house.
We used to live next door to each other.
We used to live on the fifth floor.
We used to live on the third floor.
We used to live there.
We used to live together.
We used to love to go swimming in the quarry, but it was always a little scary.
We used to make love until we got tired.
We used to make the most beautiful drawings.
We used to meet at a coffee shop in Shinjuku after work.
We used to meet at that pleasant spot.
We used to meet on our way to school.
We used to often play tennis.
We used to open the window in the morning.
We used to play basketball together.
We used to play cards all day and night.
We used to play games like tag.
We used to play in the park.
We used to play musical chairs in elementary school.
We used to play over by that grassy knoll.
We used to play this game, too.
We used to play together as kids.
We used to play together.
We used to plow our fields manually.
We used to ride horses with no saddles.
We used to sacrifice people to the gods. We don't anymore.
We used to say it like so. Yeah, that's right.
We used to share laughter; now, it’s just quiet.
We used to shoot hoops together.
We used to sing together all the time when we were children.
We used to sing together.
We used to sit on these steps and talk.
We used to sit together at school.
We used to spend hours over there.
We used to spend hours there.
We used to swim every day when we were children.
We used to swim in this lake.
We used to swim in this river a lot when we were children.
We used to swim in this river a lot when we were kids.
We used to swim in this river a lot.
We used to take a walk before breakfast.
We used to take long car trips when I was a kid.
We used to take the bus.
We used to talk a lot.
We used to talk about everything.
We used to talk about our future.
We used to talk about this all the time.
We used to talk over a cup of coffee.
We used to tease Tom a lot.
We used to think that that was why this kind of thing happened.
We used to think that was why this kind of thing happened.
We used to throw parties here.
We used to trust Tom.
We used to use sawdust as cat litter.
We used to visit each other on the weekend.
We used to visit each other on weekends.
We used to visit my grandparents every weekend when I was a kid.
We used to watch TV.
We used to watch movies together.
We used to work for Tom.
We used to work for her.
We used to work for them.
We used to work together.
We used to write a lot.
We used up the food.
We used up the shampoo.
We used very little kerosene last month.
We ushered him out.
We usually bike to school.
We usually call him Tom.
We usually call him Toshi.
We usually connect Americans with freedom.
We usually cycle to school.
We usually do not pay attention.
We usually do this alone.
We usually don't have much to talk about.
We usually drink tea after dinner.
We usually eat around seven o'clock.
We usually eat at seven in the evening.
We usually eat at six o'clock.
We usually eat at six.
We usually eat before seven.
We usually eat cooked fish.
We usually eat lunch at Chuck's Diner.
We usually eat lunch in the cafeteria.
We usually eat our biggest meal of the day at noon.
We usually eat outside on the porch in the summer.
We usually eat rice with chopsticks.
We usually eat together at the table.
We usually eat with a knife, fork and spoon.
We usually expect that trains will arrive on time.
We usually go for walk in the evening.
We usually go out for drinking parties.
We usually go skiing between Christmas and New Year.
We usually go to bed at midnight.
We usually go to school by bicycle.
We usually go to school by bike.
We usually go to school from Monday to Friday.
We usually go to the beach in the summer.
We usually go to the beach.
We usually have a slice of bread and a cup of coffee.
We usually have breakfast at 7:30.
We usually have dinner at the table.
We usually have lunch at noon.
We usually have our main meal of the day in the evening.
We usually have to wait.
We usually just text.
We usually keep our toolshed locked.
We usually lock our car.
We usually met at a certain place in the city.
We usually modify our views in college.
We usually order grilled octopus before the main course.
We usually ordered grilled octopus before the main course.
We usually ordered grilled octopus for the main course.
We usually play from sheet music; it's very rare to improvise. This project was completely different.
We usually play tennis after school.
We usually play tennis on Mondays.
We usually play tennis on Sundays.
We usually sleep in this room.
We usually speak to each other in French.
We usually spend Sunday outside the city.
We usually stay for about three days every time we go to Boston.
We usually talked in English.
We usually talked in French.
We usually understand each other.
We usually wake up late on the weekends.
We usually walk to school together.
We usually walk to school.
We usually wash our towels at least once a week.
We usually watch TV after dinner.
We usually watch TV after supper.
We usually went to the zoo on Wednesday.
We usually win.
We usually work on Mondays.
We usually, as human rights organizations, express ourselves through words, texts, and narrative forms; and very analytically, with social science tools, with legal tools.
We vacationed there for a week.
We vacationed together last summer.
We value Mina.
We value Tom.
We value culture.
We value fairness.
We value her.
We value justice.
We value life for what it offers.
We value other people's property.
We value others so much that they despise us.
We value our customers.
We value our freedom.
We value our lions.
We value poets.
We value privacy.
We value punctuality.
We value quality.
We value them.
We value you a lot.
We value your advice.
We value your input.
We value your opinion.
We value your privacy.
We value your suggestions.
We valued other people's property.
We vandalized Nuja’s restaurant.
We ventured into the forest without a map, without a compass, without a direction.
We very much enjoyed the meal we had at her home last Sunday.
We very often only come to appreciate someone or our relationship with them when we lose them.
We view compliance with existing standards as important, but this does not override our own requirements.
We view this as an integral part of the scientific research we are doing.
We violated the school dress code.
We visit Amizur.
We visit Los Angeles, where the city and charitable groups are undertaking an experiment in small house living for its homeless population, creating small communities focused on well-being and a sense of stability.
We visit Mina.
We visit Mom whenever we can.
We visit Tom from time to time.
We visit Tom regularly.
We visit her from time to time.
We visit her two times a day.
We visit him from time to time.
We visit our mother.
We visit the happy old man.
We visit the students.
We visit the tombs of our ancestors on this day.
We visit them from time to time.
We visited Australia last year.
We visited Australia together.
We visited Australia.
We visited Boston and Chicago.
We visited Boston last month.
We visited Boston last week.
We visited Boston on business.
We visited Boston the next day.
We visited Boston together.
We visited Boston.
We visited Corfu.
We visited Cyprus.
We visited Hungary.
We visited Lebanon.
We visited Maraghna to pay homage to the sons and daughters of this village that gave their lives for the independence of our beloved Algeria.
We visited Mito Park, which is famous for its plum blossoms.
We visited Nikko the next day.
We visited Sao Paulo's largest museum.
We visited St. Petersburg and Moscow.
We visited Switzerland.
We visited Tom in hospital.
We visited Tom in the hospital.
We visited Tom.
We visited Vietnam.
We visited Yokohama on business.
We visited a huge amusement park in São Paulo.
We visited a huge amusement park.
We visited a lot of interesting museums.
We visited a new café that just opened downtown.
We visited a small, hundred year-old church on Park Street.
We visited her house, where we had a Christmas party.
We visited him.
We visited his home country for the first time.
We visited most of the museums on Sunday.
We visited our father's grave.
We visited our father’s grave.
We visited our mother's grave.
We visited our old school.
We visited places of historic interest.
We visited quite a few places.
We visited some of Algeria's most remote corners.
We visited some of Algiers's historical houses.
We visited the Algerian ministry of agriculture.
We visited the Lake District for our holidays.
We visited the bookstore in the shopping mall.
We visited the castles of the Loire.
We visited the hippodrome. We visited the horse racecourse.
We visited the historic sites of the country.
We visited the house where Didouche Mourad was born.
We visited the local Muslim community.
We visited the museum and exhibition complex.
We visited the museum last week.
We visited the place.
We visited three cities before arriving in Warsaw.
We volunteered.
We vomited on the bus.
We vomited.
We voted against the bill.
We voted against the proposal.
We voted for Tom.
We voted for the candidate.
We voted for the resolution.
We vow to defend the homeland.
We waded across the river.
We waded into the cold water inch by inch.
We waded through the muddy water.
We wait for you in Brenda's apartment.
We wait in line for water.
We waited a bit, but he didn't come.
We waited a little longer.
We waited a long time, but Tom didn't show up.
We waited a long time, but Tom never came.
We waited a long time, but Tom never showed up again.
We waited a long time, but Tom never showed up.
We waited a long time, but he didn't turn up.
We waited a long time, but she didn't show up.
We waited a long time, but the bus never came.
We waited a long time, but there was no reply.
We waited a long time.
We waited a reasonable amount of time and then left.
We waited a while, but he didn't come.
We waited a while, but he didn't turn up.
We waited all afternoon for Mary, but she never came.
We waited all afternoon for Tom and Mary, but they never came.
We waited all afternoon for Tom to arrive.
We waited all afternoon for Tom, but he never came.
We waited all afternoon for something to happen, but in the end, nothing did.
We waited all afternoon for something to happen.
We waited anxiously.
We waited around to see if anything would happen.
We waited at the bus stop for a long time, but the bus never came.
We waited at the library half an hour for Tom, but he didn't come.
We waited at the scene of the accident till the police came.
We waited but he failed to arrive.
We waited for Helen at the library for an hour, but she didn't appear.
We waited for Helen at the library for an hour, but she didn’t appear.
We waited for Mary at the library for thirty minutes, but she never showed up.
We waited for Mary, but she didn't come.
We waited for Mom.
We waited for Tom all afternoon, but Tom never showed up.
We waited for Tom all afternoon, but he didn't show up.
We waited for Tom all day.
We waited for Tom and Mary at the library for thirty minutes, but they never showed up.
We waited for Tom and Mary, but they didn't come.
We waited for Tom and Mary, but they never came.
We waited for Tom at the library for half an hour, but he didn't come.
We waited for Tom at the library for half an hour, but he didn't show up.
We waited for Tom at the library for half an hour, but he didn't turn up.
We waited for Tom at the library for thirty minutes, but he never showed up.
We waited for Tom for a long time.
We waited for Tom to come.
We waited for Tom to turn up.
We waited for Tom, but he didn't come.
We waited for Tom.
We waited for a long time, but you didn't arrive.
We waited for a long time.
We waited for a very long time.
We waited for an ambulance.
We waited for her all night.
We waited for her.
We waited for him to turn up.
We waited for hours and hours.
We waited for hours before help arrived.
We waited for hours, but help didn't arrive, and Tom's condition became ever more serious.
We waited for hours.
We waited for morning.
We waited for our daughter to come to her senses.
We waited for our flight.
We waited for our turn.
We waited for some help to come.
We waited for such a long time.
We waited for ten minutes.
We waited for the boat for many hours.
We waited for the bus, but it was over 30 minutes late, so we caught a cab.
We waited for the elevator for a long time before we decided to use the stairs.
We waited for the news with a lot of anxiety.
We waited for the rain to stop.
We waited for the taxi in the rain.
We waited for the train at a small restaurant inside the station.
We waited for them.
We waited for three hours.
We waited for you all day long.
We waited for you for hours!
We waited for you for hours.
We waited for you to phone.
We waited for you to ring.
We waited for you yesterday.
We waited for you.
We waited half an hour at the library for Tom, but he didn't show up.
We waited half an hour at the library for Tom, but he didn't turn up.
We waited hours for you!
We waited hours for you.
We waited in line for hours.
We waited in line.
We waited in the car.
We waited in the movie theater for the film to start.
We waited in the park for a long time.
We waited in vain.
We waited long, but he didn’t turn up.
We waited long.
We waited outside for them.
We waited outside.
We waited patiently for Tom to arrive.
We waited so long I thought our order would never come, and when it finally did, a couple quick bites had me wishing it never had.
We waited ten minutes.
We waited the end of winter.
We waited there all night.
We waited there quietly.
We waited three hours.
We waited till 2:30.
We waited too long.
We waited until 2:30.
We waited until the last minute.
We waited up for him until two o'clock and then finally went to bed.
We waited up for him until two o’clock and then finally went to bed.
We waited with Tom.
We waited with a faint expectation.
We waited with bated breath.
We waited with faint expectation.
We waited, but Tom didn't come.
We waited, but he didn't come.
We waited.
We waived those requirements so you can graduate.
We wake up early.
We walk a lot.
We walk after dinner.
We walk along the lakeside.
We walk among the lemon trees.
We walk around the lake.
We walk hand in hand through the unknown.
We walk in step with the seasons.
We walk in the footsteps of the wise.
We walk inside.
We walk slowly along the riverbank.
We walk slowly.
We walk the path of quiet strength.
We walk the path together, unafraid of what lies ahead.
We walk the talk.
We walk to Sidi Ahmed.
We walk to school every day.
We walk to school together.
We walk together in the snow.
We walk together, knowing that unity brings strength.
We walk together, unafraid of what lies ahead.
We walk with quiet hearts.
We walk with silent dignity.
We walk with silent purpose.
We walk with the wisdom of the earth beneath us.
We walk without knowing where our steps will take us.
We walked a few minutes and reached the shore.
We walked a full six kilometers.
We walked a lot today. Are your legs tired?
We walked a lot.
We walked a piece of the road together.
We walked about five miles.
We walked about in the park to kill time.
We walked about six kilometres.
We walked about three hours.
We walked about three kilometers.
We walked about three kilometres.
We walked across the frozen lake.
We walked across the ice.
We walked all day.
We walked along a garden path, holding hands.
We walked along a narrow path.
We walked along a river.
We walked along an avenue lined with trees.
We walked along an avenue of tall poplars.
We walked along side by side.
We walked along the banks of the Thames.
We walked along the beach.
We walked along the busy street, singing old songs.
We walked along the edge of the lake.
We walked along the river.
We walked along the road.
We walked along the shore of the lake.
We walked along the shore.
We walked along the street.
We walked among the trees.
We walked another hundred yards.
We walked around outside of the house, looking for footprints.
We walked around the garden.
We walked around the lake.
We walked around the neighborhood singing Christmas carols.
We walked around the pond.
We walked around the store.
We walked around.
We walked as far as 6 kilometers.
We walked as far as the edge of the forest.
We walked as far as the park.
We walked away.
We walked back home.
We walked back to the house in silence.
We walked carefully down the steep mountain path.
We walked day and night.
We walked down a narrow and winding path.
We walked down the dimly-lit corridor.
We walked down the narrow path in single file.
We walked down the street as fast as we could.
We walked down to the village through the woods which bordered one side of the estate.
We walked eight miles a day and then caught a taxi back to the hotel in the evening.
We walked for a long time.
We walked for about 6 kilometers.
We walked for about three hours.
We walked for about three kilometers.
We walked for days and nights.
We walked for miles.
We walked for nights and days.
We walked for two hours.
We walked from our campsite to the village.
We walked from the station into town.
We walked hand in hand.
We walked here.
We walked him to the gate.
We walked home together in the rain.
We walked home together in the snow.
We walked home.
We walked in front of you.
We walked in silence for a moment.
We walked in silence.
We walked in the park.
We walked into the classroom.
We walked into the restaurant.
We walked into town from the station.
We walked more quickly than usual.
We walked on stage.
We walked on the banks of the Thames.
We walked on the dune.
We walked on tiptoes.
We walked out of the movie.
We walked out.
We walked outside.
We walked past an armed guard.
We walked past you.
We walked right into the trap.
We walked round the lake.
We walked round the pond.
We walked six whole kilometers.
We walked slowly along the road.
We walked slowly towards them.
We walked slowly.
We walked ten miles that day.
We walked the dog every day.
We walked three abreast.
We walked three kilometers.
We walked three miles.
We walked through a long gallery.
We walked through the bamboo grove.
We walked through the forest.
We walked through the mall, looking for a shoe store.
We walked through the olive grove.
We walked through the ruins of the abbey.
We walked through the taiga.
We walked through the woods.
We walked through thick bushes.
We walked to a tram stop, which we easily recognised from the big sign there showing a tram.
We walked to my room.
We walked to the next beach to get away from the crowds.
We walked to the park and sat on the grass.
We walked to the park.
We walked to the parking lot.
We walked to the river.
We walked to the room.
We walked to the store.
We walked together all day.
We walked together as far as the next station.
We walked towards the crowd.
We walked towards the pier.
We walked towards the school.
We walked two kilometers.
We walked up and down the streets of Kyoto.
We walked up stairs.
We walked up the hill together.
We walked up to the beach.
We walked.
We wander without knowing where we're going.
We wander.
We wandered about the town for an hour or two.
We wandered aimlessly around the shopping district.
We wandered alone.
We wandered around.
We wandered from the course.
We wandered home in the soft light of the evening sun.
We wandered round the shopping center.
We wandered the streets until morning.
We want Algeria to be secular.
We want Algeria to become a place with civil rights.
We want Algeria to become a place with many opportunities for Algerians to lift themselves from poverty.
We want Algeria to become a place with rule of law.
We want Kylie Minogue to come to Turkey, especially Gaziantep.
We want Tom at our table.
We want Tom back on our team.
We want Tom back.
We want Tom on our team.
We want Tom to be silent.
We want Tom to be successful.
We want Tom to do well.
We want Tom to get better.
We want Tom to go home.
We want Tom to help Mary.
We want Tom to help us tomorrow evening.
We want Tom to help us tomorrow night.
We want Tom to help us.
We want Tom to know he can come home.
We want Tom to leave.
We want Tom to play a song or two for us on his banjo.
We want Tom to say yes.
We want Tom to sing for us.
We want Tom to sing with us.
We want Tom to stay a few days longer.
We want Tom to stay a few more days.
We want Tom to stay and help.
We want Tom to stay for a couple of more days.
We want Tom to stay still.
We want Tom to win.
We want Tom's help.
We want Tom.
We want Vidarbha to be made its own state, independent of Maharashtra.
We want Ziri to be our new king.
We want a better education for our kids.
We want a better life.
We want a better quality of life.
We want a boy to help Matthew on the farm. A girl would be of no use to us.
We want a car.
We want a cat.
We want a complete evaluation.
We want a decision.
We want a drink to celebrate.
We want a government so small it can fit in a vagina.
We want a governor who is willing to take a stand.
We want a hint.
We want a house of our own.
We want a house with a sea view.
We want a house with a view of the ocean.
We want a king.
We want a lawyer.
We want a leader.
We want a little time to plan.
We want a male dog.
We want a man who knows what the score is.
We want a monarch.
We want a new car.
We want a new carpet.
We want a peaceful solution.
We want a queen.
We want a real change.
We want a rematch.
We want a room for four nights.
We want a second opinion.
We want a simple ceremony.
We want a society for everyone, not just for the few who are rich.
We want a solution.
We want a stable Algeria.
We want a united Algeria.
We want a woman who's good at cooking.
We want a young man. As long as he is honest, any boy will do.
We want accessibility and inclusion for everyone.
We want action.
We want air.
We want all the same things.
We want an ambulance.
We want an assistant, preferably someone with experience.
We want an emperor.
We want answers.
We want beer!
We want better education for our children.
We want better living conditions.
We want candy.
We want cash.
We want change in Algeria.
We want change.
We want complete sentences.
We want complete transparency.
We want conversation, not confrontation.
We want different things in life.
We want everybody to have a good Christmas.
We want everybody to leave.
We want everybody to vote.
We want everyone to have a good Christmas.
We want everything now.
We want facts.
We want freedom from poverty.
We want freedom.
We want further information.
We want healthier food.
We want help.
We want her to go home.
We want her to say yes.
We want her to stay and help.
We want higher salaries and a better life.
We want him dead or alive.
We want him to go home.
We want him to say yes.
We want him to stay and help.
We want him.
We want information.
We want it back.
We want it really bad.
We want it to be a surprise.
We want it to be successful.
We want it to look real.
We want it.
We want jobs.
We want justice for Floyd.
We want justice to prevail.
We want justice.
We want kids.
We want meat.
We want money.
We want more active contributors on Tatoeba.
We want more food.
We want more freedom.
We want more money.
We want more positive thinkers in our community.
We want more rain.
We want more than just food.
We want more.
We want natural-sounding translations, not word-for-word direct translations.
We want new ideas, not old ones.
We want no excuses.
We want nothing from you.
We want nothing short of that.
We want one thing.
We want one.
We want only Tom, nobody else.
We want orange juice.
We want our children back.
We want our children to be happy.
We want our children to learn their language.
We want our cold nights in Stoke.
We want our country back.
We want our freedom back.
We want our freedom.
We want our kids to be happy.
We want our kids to be safe.
We want our land back.
We want our language!
We want our money back now.
We want our money back.
We want our money now.
We want our money today.
We want our money, today.
We want our money.
We want our stuff.
We want our views to be heard! We don't want our voices to be looked down upon.
We want our voices to be heard.
We want out of here.
We want peace in the world.
We want peace.
We want positive results.
We want proof.
We want respect.
We want results.
We want revenge.
We want some advice.
We want some beer!
We want some sweets.
We want something new.
We want something sweet.
We want sweets.
We want that to end.
We want that.
We want the best for you.
We want the best.
We want the committee to work out the details.
We want the committee to work out this problem.
We want the facts now.
We want the facts.
We want the finest wine you've got.
We want the government to serve the entire population.
We want the government to serve the whole nation.
We want the meeting arranged as soon as possible.
We want the parents to be involved.
We want the parents to get involved.
We want the same thing you want.
We want the same thing.
We want the truth, Tom.
We want the truth.
We want them to be successful.
We want them to follow us.
We want them to forget it.
We want them to go home.
We want them to know that.
We want them to say yes.
We want them to stay and help.
We want these criminals to be exemplarily punished.
We want these.
We want things done our way.
We want things to change.
We want this to be a safe space.
We want this to be law!
We want this to not be the end of the world for you, but if you don't cooperate, things will get difficult.
We want this.
We want three chairs.
We want time.
We want to achieve accessibility and inclusion for all.
We want to add our voices to the conversation.
We want to analyze your urine.
We want to apply for a special visa in order to remain here.
We want to attend tonight's concert.
We want to attend tonight’s concert.
We want to attract top talent.
We want to avoid bloodshed.
We want to avoid excessive luxury.
We want to avoid superfluous luxury.
We want to be able to give back to the community.
We want to be alone.
We want to be billionaires.
We want to be extra cautious.
We want to be fair.
We want to be friends.
We want to be here for Tom.
We want to be here for them.
We want to be here forever.
We want to be in the group.
We want to be international.
We want to be left alone.
We want to be listened to.
We want to be off.
We want to be on the first bus tomorrow morning.
We want to be part of your life.
We want to be reasonable.
We want to be strong.
We want to be successful.
We want to be the best.
We want to be the top dogs.
We want to be very careful with Tom.
We want to become citizens.
We want to become famous.
We want to believe that people learned their behavior patterns because that allows us to feel some measure of confidence that parenting makes a difference; that positive life experiences can win out over negative ones; and that unhealthy, ineffective behaviors can be unlearned.
We want to book a trip to Australia.
We want to book a trip to Belarus.
We want to book a trip to France.
We want to book a trip to Ireland.
We want to book a trip to Latvia.
We want to book a trip to Serbia.
We want to book a trip to the United Kingdom.
We want to break off this negotiation.
We want to bring it back.
We want to bring language tools to the next level. We want to see innovation in the language learning landscape. And this cannot happen without open language resources which cannot be built without a community which cannot contribute without efficient platforms.
We want to brush our teeth.
We want to build a new Algeria.
We want to build on what we've done so far.
We want to buy a house in Boston.
We want to buy a house, but we need to save money for that.
We want to buy a new home.
We want to buy a new house.
We want to buy books.
We want to capture all the uniqueness of each language. And we as well want to capture their evolution through time.
We want to capture that market.
We want to cause the least possible harm.
We want to change rooms. This one is too noisy.
We want to change that.
We want to change the world.
We want to change things.
We want to check and correct in priority sentences that do not belong to anyone.
We want to clean up our city.
We want to clear up this problem.
We want to climb Mt. Fuji.
We want to climb that mountain.
We want to come back to Australia.
We want to come back to Boston.
We want to come back.
We want to come with you.
We want to come.
We want to compete.
We want to comply.
We want to congratulate them on their good work.
We want to contribute.
We want to convey our enthusiasm to the audience.
We want to cooperate and we will.
We want to develop a new supply chain with a supplier from Algeria.
We want to discourage them.
We want to do better.
We want to do it at home.
We want to do it now.
We want to do it right.
We want to do it with Tom.
We want to do it, and do it right.
We want to do it.
We want to do more than that.
We want to do some partying.
We want to do something interesting.
We want to do something to help Tom.
We want to do that by ourselves.
We want to do that now.
We want to do that right.
We want to do that, but we can't.
We want to do the right thing.
We want to do the same thing again today.
We want to do the sights of the city.
We want to do things logically, and we want to do things correctly.
We want to do this right.
We want to do what's right.
We want to donate money.
We want to ease the heart.
We want to eat coconuts.
We want to eat lunch together.
We want to eat, but not here.
We want to end the travels of Ton.
We want to enjoy life.
We want to enrich people's lives.
We want to expand.
We want to explore an underwater oil field.
We want to find Tom.
We want to find him, wherever he's hiding.
We want to find out what happened.
We want to find out who did this.
We want to find the cardinal.
We want to fix that problem.
We want to fix that.
We want to get a dog eventually, but not right now.
We want to get a house.
We want to get back there as soon as we can.
We want to get back there.
We want to get married.
We want to get more information.
We want to get out of here as soon as we can.
We want to get out of here.
We want to get people's feedback.
We want to get this thing going.
We want to get to know Tom better.
We want to get to know Tom.
We want to get to know you better.
We want to get to know you.
We want to get to the border.
We want to give special thanks to Tom.
We want to go back and help.
We want to go back to Australia to visit Tom again.
We want to go back to Australia.
We want to go back to Boston to visit Tom again.
We want to go back to Boston.
We want to go for a walk, but it's raining cats and dogs.
We want to go home.
We want to go swimming in the lake.
We want to go there.
We want to go to Australia and New Zealand.
We want to go to Australia for our honeymoon.
We want to go to Australia.
We want to go to Austria for our honeymoon.
We want to go to Beijing and Shanghai.
We want to go to Belgium.
We want to go to Boston and Chicago.
We want to go to France for our honeymoon.
We want to go to France.
We want to go to Iceland.
We want to go to Ireland.
We want to go to Italy for our honeymoon.
We want to go to Poland, Hungary, Moldova, Slovakia, Romania, or the Czech Republic.
We want to go to Romania.
We want to go to UCLA, too.
We want to go to the Alps for a fortnight.
We want to go to the Baltic Sea over the weekend.
We want to go to the Baltic Sea this weekend.
We want to go to the Baltic coast this weekend.
We want to go to the beach in his car on Saturday.
We want to go to the beach.
We want to go to the cinema.
We want to go to the hotel.
We want to go to the mosque.
We want to go.
We want to got to the beach by bus. How can we make it?
We want to hang out with Mom.
We want to harm the environment less.
We want to have a baby.
We want to have a better tomorrow today.
We want to have a large family.
We want to have a word with Tom.
We want to have again our old Kaiser Wilhelm. But the one with the beard, with the long beard.
We want to have breakfast.
We want to have fun with this.
We want to have fun, too.
We want to have fun.
We want to have it.
We want to have our holiday on an island this summer.
We want to have some fun.
We want to hear everything.
We want to hear from you.
We want to hear it.
We want to hear your opinion.
We want to help Tom do that.
We want to help Tom.
We want to help her.
We want to help him.
We want to help our friends.
We want to help our parents.
We want to help people that need help.
We want to help them get there.
We want to help them.
We want to help you achieve your dreams.
We want to help you because you deserve it.
We want to help you now.
We want to help you reach your goals.
We want to help you with that.
We want to help you.
We want to help, but we can't.
We want to help.
We want to hire Americans.
We want to hire Canadians.
We want to hire Tom.
We want to hire some experienced salespeople.
We want to hire somebody who can speak French.
We want to hire somebody who speaks French.
We want to hire someone to help Tom on the farm.
We want to hire someone who can speak French fluently.
We want to hire someone who can speak French.
We want to hire someone who cooks well.
We want to hire someone who speaks French.
We want to hire someone who's a good cook.
We want to hire two bicycles.
We want to hire you.
We want to hold on to our ancient way of life.
We want to instill a feeling of hope.
We want to invest in profitable projects for future generations.
We want to join the ballet class.
We want to keep everybody safe.
We want to keep going now.
We want to keep going.
We want to keep improving it.
We want to keep it that way.
We want to keep the party small.
We want to keep the pool open.
We want to know about them.
We want to know if it will be sunny tomorrow.
We want to know if it'll be sunny tomorrow.
We want to know more about Algeria.
We want to know the facts.
We want to know the truth.
We want to know what happened to Tom.
We want to know what happened.
We want to know what is going on in Algeria.
We want to know what they know.
We want to know what this project is going to cost us.
We want to know what we need to do to obtain all documents.
We want to know what we'll need to do to obtain all documents.
We want to know where you stand.
We want to know who hacked into our system.
We want to know who's the best.
We want to know why Tom did it.
We want to know why Tom did that.
We want to know why you weren't here yesterday.
We want to know why.
We want to know.
We want to learn Japanese songs.
We want to learn a lot of things.
We want to learn more about Algeria.
We want to learn some French songs.
We want to learn some Japanese songs.
We want to learn some Spanish songs.
We want to learn some new songs.
We want to learn some songs in French.
We want to learn to sing.
We want to learn.
We want to leave no stone unturned.
We want to leave our descendants a clean and green earth.
We want to leave.
We want to lighten things up.
We want to litigate.
We want to live a happy life.
We want to live close to the station.
We want to live here.
We want to live in Australia.
We want to live in Boston.
We want to live in China.
We want to live in love and peace.
We want to live in peace here.
We want to live in peace.
We want to live on our own.
We want to live peacefully.
We want to live.
We want to look our best.
We want to love and be loved.
We want to make Mars our new home.
We want to make a lot of money.
We want to make a simple change.
We want to make absolutely sure that Tom and Mary want to do that.
We want to make absolutely sure that Tom wants to do that.
We want to make everybody happy.
We want to make it affordable.
We want to make learning effective, interesting, and fascinating.
We want to make money, not lose money.
We want to make reservations for a trip to Australia.
We want to make sure.
We want to make voice data freely and publicly available, and make sure the data represents the diversity of real people.
We want to measure your blood pressure.
We want to measure your temperature.
We want to meet Tom.
We want to meet face to face.
We want to meet her.
We want to meet him.
We want to meet them.
We want to meet you.
We want to modernize Algiers.
We want to modify the regulations of our school.
We want to move to Australia.
We want to move to Boston.
We want to negotiate.
We want to offer you the job.
We want to paint our house.
We want to play another game.
We want to play baseball.
We want to protect both society and the environment.
We want to protect our patients.
We want to protect this world we have.
We want to put in a new granite countertop.
We want to put our money to good use.
We want to put you up for team leader.
We want to re-tile our terrace and therefore removed the tiles with a power hammer yesterday.
We want to reach a wider audience.
We want to reassure them.
We want to redecorate the store.
We want to remain like this.
We want to remain like we are now forever.
We want to remodel our house.
We want to rent a flat in the city.
We want to rent a flat in town.
We want to rent a town flat.
We want to rent an apartment in the city.
We want to return to Minas.
We want to run a few tests.
We want to say with words what we are not able to say.
We want to see Mr. Kosugi.
We want to see Tom and Mary do that.
We want to see Tom do that.
We want to see Tom win.
We want to see Tom.
We want to see a football game.
We want to see her.
We want to see him.
We want to see if it works in a naturalistic setting.
We want to see it.
We want to see our brother.
We want to see our kids.
We want to see our parents.
We want to see results.
We want to see that cake.
We want to see the Neuschwanstein Castle.
We want to see the journalist.
We want to see the king.
We want to see the newborn when he is wide awake.
We want to see the patient.
We want to see the student.
We want to see them.
We want to see these movies.
We want to see what we're made of.
We want to see you again.
We want to see you right now.
We want to see you!
We want to see you.
We want to see.
We want to sell our car.
We want to sell our farm.
We want to sell our house.
We want to sell our land.
We want to sell our products in Algeria.
We want to sing in a band.
We want to solve that problem.
We want to speak with Tom.
We want to spend a couple of weeks in the Alps.
We want to spend our honeymoon in Australia.
We want to spend our honeymoon in Fiji.
We want to spend the holidays in a quiet place.
We want to spend time with the kids.
We want to start a baking business.
We want to start a family.
We want to start a housing co-op.
We want to start from the front.
We want to stay alive.
We want to stay another three nights.
We want to stay for three nights.
We want to stay forever the way we are now.
We want to stay here for ever.
We want to stay here forever.
We want to stay what we are.
We want to stick together.
We want to stop bloodshed in our country.
We want to stop here.
We want to stop these incidents.
We want to study in the Kabyle language.
We want to take dance classes.
We want to take it.
We want to take revenge.
We want to take some blood from your fingertip for examinination.
We want to take the next step.
We want to take them with us.
We want to take your blood pressure.
We want to talk about France.
We want to talk about it.
We want to talk to Steve.
We want to talk to Tom.
We want to talk to her.
We want to talk to him.
We want to talk to them.
We want to talk to you about a problem.
We want to talk to you about that.
We want to talk to you.
We want to talk with Tom.
We want to talk with her.
We want to talk with him.
We want to talk with them.
We want to talk with you.
We want to talk.
We want to teach this knowledge to the next generation.
We want to tell Tom about that.
We want to tell Tom.
We want to tell you something.
We want to thank farmers, fishermen, foresters and all those who work in the food system. They assure our survival and protect the fragile natural resources on which humanity depends.
We want to thank you all for being here.
We want to thank you for coming.
We want to try doing that.
We want to try new things.
We want to try to do that.
We want to try.
We want to understand life.
We want to understand people.
We want to understand this, so speak in Toki Pona.
We want to understand this, so speak simply.
We want to visit Berlin as well.
We want to visit the park.
We want to vote.
We want to wander through the world.
We want to ward off bad luck.
We want to warn Tom.
We want to wash our hands.
We want to watch these movies.
We want to win the competition.
We want to win.
We want to wish you and your family all the joys of a coming New Year.
We want to work together.
We want to work with them.
We want to work.
We want to wrap it up tomorrow.
We want two taxis.
We want welfare, not warfare.
We want what we want.
We want what's best for them.
We want what's best for you.
We want world peace.
We want you back.
We want you here.
We want you in Algeria.
We want you to be happy.
We want you to be more careful next time.
We want you to be our coach.
We want you to be the team captain.
We want you to behave yourself during meals.
We want you to come to Boston and stay with us next summer.
We want you to come to our party.
We want you to dance for us.
We want you to do that.
We want you to feel better.
We want you to feel welcome.
We want you to go home.
We want you to go to Algeria.
We want you to go to Australia next month.
We want you to go to Australia.
We want you to go to Boston next week.
We want you to go to Boston.
We want you to have a good time.
We want you to have fun.
We want you to help us tomorrow afternoon.
We want you to help us.
We want you to join our team.
We want you to join us.
We want you to marry Tom.
We want you to marry her.
We want you to marry him.
We want you to sing a song.
We want you to sing the song.
We want you to speak French.
We want you to stay and help.
We want you to stop.
We want you to take command of this unified force.
We want you to take it.
We want you, Tom.
We want you.
We want your advice.
We want your analysis.
We want your help.
We want your input.
We wanted Tom to stop doing that.
We wanted Tom.
We wanted a bigger discount.
We wanted a girl, but we had a boy.
We wanted a good future for our children.
We wanted an economy car.
We wanted another chance.
We wanted dessert.
We wanted flying cars, instead we got 140 characters.
We wanted freedom for everyone.
We wanted him.
We wanted isolation.
We wanted it to be a surprise.
We wanted it to be perfect.
We wanted it.
We wanted more interaction.
We wanted our kids back.
We wanted our land back.
We wanted our money back.
We wanted proof.
We wanted revenge, and we got it.
We wanted something.
We wanted space.
We wanted the best, you know the rest.
We wanted the same thing you wanted.
We wanted the sword.
We wanted this.
We wanted to apologize about that little mixup.
We wanted to ask Tom some questions, but he's gone.
We wanted to be a part of it.
We wanted to be part of Tom's life.
We wanted to be together.
We wanted to celebrate with them.
We wanted to change something.
We wanted to change the dress code.
We wanted to change things.
We wanted to do it right away.
We wanted to do more.
We wanted to do so.
We wanted to do that together.
We wanted to explain the recent service failure.
We wanted to explore caves in Kabylie, Algeria.
We wanted to get out of there as fast as we could.
We wanted to get out of there.
We wanted to give Tom one more chance.
We wanted to go back to Australia.
We wanted to go back to Boston.
We wanted to go camping in Kabylie, Algeria.
We wanted to go for a walk, but it was raining cats and dogs.
We wanted to go for a walk, but it was raining really hard.
We wanted to go home.
We wanted to go to Australia.
We wanted to go to Boston last summer.
We wanted to go to Vietnam.
We wanted to gratify Tom.
We wanted to have fun.
We wanted to help Tom.
We wanted to help them.
We wanted to instill a feeling of hope.
We wanted to join the space program.
We wanted to keep celebrating.
We wanted to keep you informed.
We wanted to know more about that space project.
We wanted to let Mom know as soon as it happened.
We wanted to listen.
We wanted to make him happy.
We wanted to make this trip to see our friends.
We wanted to name our son Tom.
We wanted to open it up to everybody.
We wanted to open it up to everyone.
We wanted to play.
We wanted to run for class president.
We wanted to see the tulips bloom, but we were a little too early.
We wanted to see the tulips, but we were a bit too early for that.
We wanted to sing together.
We wanted to speak to the president of the company, but he refused to speak to us.
We wanted to spend every single second with Mom.
We wanted to start a family in Kabylie.
We wanted to stay home on Sundays anyway.
We wanted to stay outside, but it began to rain.
We wanted to stop doing that, but they wouldn't let us.
We wanted to take a ballet class.
We wanted to take a bath.
We wanted to take a walk to pass the time.
We wanted to take dance classes.
We wanted to talk about Tom.
We wanted to talk about her.
We wanted to talk about him.
We wanted to talk about them.
We wanted to talk to Tom.
We wanted to talk to her.
We wanted to talk to him.
We wanted to talk to them.
We wanted to talk to you.
We wanted to travel together.
We wanted to wait until after the championship.
We wanted to wait.
We wanted to warn Tom.
We wanted to wash our hands.
We wanted to win at all costs.
We wanted to win the competition again.
We wanted to wish you good luck.
We wanted vodka.
We wanted you to be kept up to date.
We wanted you to stay up to date.
We wanted you.
We warmed ourselves by the fire.
We warmed ourselves in front of the fireplace.
We warmed up the stale buns in the microwave.
We warned Mina.
We warned Tom not to do that.
We warned Tom.
We warned our students.
We warned you.
We wash lettuce.
We wash my dog.
We wash our clothes in the river.
We wash our hands with soap.
We wash with soap.
We washed an apple.
We washed our car yesterday.
We washed our clothes in the river.
We washed our clothes.
We washed our faces.
We washed our feet.
We washed our hands.
We washed ourselves.
We washed the dog.
We washed the lettuce.
We washed the loquats.
We washed the plates after dinner.
We washed the plates after supper.
We washed them in salty water.
We washed your dog.
We wasn't paying attention.
We wasn't sure whether Tom would return from there.
We waste a lot of time.
We wasted a lot of time looking for Tom.
We wasted a lot of time trying to do that.
We wasted a lot of time.
We wasted energy.
We wasted money.
We wasted no time.
We wasted time trying to learn karate.
We wasted time.
We wasted too much money on tickets.
We watch PBS.
We watch TV every day.
We watch TV every night.
We watch TV together almost every evening.
We watch TV together.
We watch TikTok videos all the time.
We watch a lot of TV.
We watch films on DVD every Saturday night.
We watch football alone.
We watch football.
We watch it and laugh a lot.
We watch movies on the DVD every Saturday night.
We watch television every evening.
We watch television.
We watch telly all the time.
We watch too much television.
We watched "The Godfather."
We watched TV after lunch.
We watched TV for a while.
We watched TV last night.
We watched TV yesterday.
We watched TV.
We watched The Thing.
We watched Tom and Mary playing handball.
We watched Tom reload his gun.
We watched Tom.
We watched Ukrainian films with Esperanto subtitles.
We watched Ukrainian movies with subtitles in Esperanto.
We watched a TV program the other day about your people.
We watched a baseball game on television.
We watched a bird feed its little ones.
We watched a bird feeding its young.
We watched a film.
We watched a horror movie last night.
We watched a movie about aliens.
We watched a movie in the cinema last week.
We watched a movie last night.
We watched a movie.
We watched a new program on television.
We watched a puppet show.
We watched a romantic movie with Gustavo.
We watched a scary movie last night.
We watched a scary movie together.
We watched a scary movie.
We watched an action-packed movie last night.
We watched an awful film last night.
We watched an interesting movie.
We watched baseball.
We watched fireworks together.
We watched football on television.
We watched football on telly.
We watched her drive her car away, until it was no more than a dot in the distance.
We watched him until he was out of sight.
We watched in amazement as Tom was transformed right before our eyes.
We watched in amazement as the transformation of Tom took place right before our eyes.
We watched in amusement.
We watched in disbelief.
We watched it, it was spectacular!
We watched movies all day long during our vacation.
We watched movies together.
We watched old movies.
We watched some TV.
We watched some rare episodes of our favorite police procedural.
We watched television last Tuesday night.
We watched television yesterday.
We watched telly yesterday.
We watched the airplane's contrails.
We watched the baby snuggling with her teddy bear.
We watched the band marching down the street.
We watched the baseball game on TV last night.
We watched the baseball game with excitement.
We watched the binmen carting away the rubbish.
We watched the changing of the guard at Buckingham palace.
We watched the children play.
We watched the creation and destruction of a sand mandala by a former Buddhist monk and refugee, from the intricately woven, boldly colorful lines to its final status as a brownish heap of sand.
We watched the dustmen cart the rubbish away.
We watched the dustmen carting away the rubbish.
We watched the football match on telly.
We watched the game while holding our breath.
We watched the movie and afterwards had dinner together.
We watched the movie and later ate dinner together.
We watched the movie and then had dinner together.
We watched the plane fly over.
We watched the plane until it went out of sight.
We watched the soccer game on TV.
We watched the sun as it sunk below the horizon.
We watched the sun be hidden by the horizon.
We watched the sun setting behind the mountains.
We watched the sun sinking below the horizon.
We watched the treeline.
We watched them carefully.
We watched them play baseball.
We watched them score one basket after another.
We watched this movie as a class.
We watched this movie together.
We water our lawn in the afternoon.
We water the front yard in the afternoon.
We water the garden in the afternoon.
We watered our horse.
We watered the garden.
We waved as Tom drove away.
We waved at the taxi to stop.
We waved back.
We waved flags to welcome members of our baseball team.
We waved goodbye at the airport entrance.
We wear a uniform at school.
We wear old and torn clothes.
We wear our wool coats and our leather gloves.
We wear shirts of cotton or silk.
We wear the same size.
We wear uniforms at our school.
We wear uniforms to school.
We wear wool in winter.
We wearily returned home after our long journey.
We weigh more than Skura does.
We weighed forty pounds.
We weighed one opinion against the other.
We weighed the pros and cons.
We welcome observers to make sure everything is done aboveboard.
We welcome submissions.
We welcome those who want to join our club.
We welcome you into our presence.
We welcome you to our club.
We welcome your input.
We welcomed everyone.
We welcomed her decision.
We welcomed the coastal breeze.
We welcomed their decision.
We went aboard the plane.
We went aboard the ship at ten.
We went about in the woods.
We went abroad last year, so we want to spend our holiday at home this year.
We went abroad last year, so we want to spend our holiday this year in this country.
We went abroad.
We went across the border on foot.
We went after Tom.
We went ahead and ate without Tom.
We went ahead and started the next video.
We went ahead with the plan for the party.
We went all around the country.
We went all out to finish the work before dark.
We went all out to get the job done.
We went all over the country.
We went all the way to the service station in torrential rain.
We went all the way to the top of the hill.
We went along a narrow road.
We went along a small path.
We went along the narrow road.
We went along with his plan.
We went as far as Boston by bus.
We went as far as Boston together.
We went as far as Kyoto.
We went astray in the woods.
We went away.
We went back down into the cellar.
We went back home on foot.
We went back home.
We went back to Boston where we stayed for three weeks.
We went back to camp before dark.
We went back to my place and then we started coloring pictures together.
We went back to our hotel.
We went back to our seats.
We went back to school.
We went back to the hotel.
We went back to the kitchen.
We went back to the living room.
We went back to the party.
We went backpacking around the world.
We went bear hunting together the other day.
We went biking in the woods yesterday.
We went by bus as far as London.
We went by bus.
We went by the shop without noticing it.
We went by way of Taiwan.
We went camping in August.
We went camping in October.
We went camping last summer.
We went camping near the river.
We went cave exploring in Kabylie, Algeria.
We went clay pigeon shooting.
We went close to them.
We went crashing into a pile of boxes.
We went crazy.
We went dancing.
We went down a river by canoe.
We went down a very rough road.
We went down by elevator.
We went down the pub and had a few pints.
We went down the river in a small boat.
We went down the slide.
We went down the stairs to the basement.
We went down the stairs.
We went down to the valley where the village is.
We went downstairs to have breakfast.
We went downstairs.
We went due north.
We went early to make certain that we could get seats.
We went early to make certain we could get seats.
We went early to make sure that we could get seats.
We went early to make sure we could get seats.
We went everywhere.
We went exploring.
We went farther.
We went faster than Roadrunner.
We went faster than usual.
We went fishing in the lake.
We went fishing with my dad yesterday.
We went fishing, before the river water became big.
We went fishing, before they finished the fish.
We went fishing.
We went for a drive.
We went for a hike around the lake.
We went for a midnight swim.
We went for a scenic drive as far as Lake Superior.
We went for a stroll.
We went for a swim in the river.
We went for a swim in the sea and afterwards dried our wet bathing things, sticking them under the windscreen wipers of the car.
We went for a walk after lunch.
We went for a walk along the river.
We went for a walk along the riverbank.
We went for a walk around the lake.
We went for a walk in the forest.
We went for a walk in the park.
We went for a walk in the square.
We went for a walk on the beach.
We went for a walk to enjoy the view.
We went for a walk to the forest.
We went for a walk.
We went for an afternoon walk to the riverbank and back.
We went for our walk and held hands.
We went from Boston to Chicago by car.
We went from France to Spain by crossing the Pyrenees.
We went grocery shopping.
We went halfway up the mountain.
We went hiking on Tuesday.
We went hiking yesterday.
We went home the next day.
We went home to see our friends.
We went home.
We went horseback riding yesterday.
We went hunting in the forest and caught two deer yesterday.
We went hunting.
We went in after the guide.
We went in search of an apartment.
We went in search of gold.
We went in the room and saw Tom and Mary dancing.
We went in there.
We went in.
We went inside easily, but how will we find the exit?
We went inside the cave.
We went inside.
We went into a shop to get some food.
We went into a store.
We went into another room.
We went into the adjoining room.
We went into the cave.
We went into the forest, and there were mushrooms, lots of them!
We went into the neighboring room.
We went into the neighbouring room.
We went into the park.
We went into the red last year.
We went into the room next door.
We went into the store.
We went into the vegetable garden.
We went into the woods in search of insects.
We went on a cruise together.
We went on a cruise.
We went on a date by the river.
We went on a long walk together.
We went on a picnic at the lake.
We went on a picnic to the hill.
We went on a picnic to the woods.
We went on a picnic together.
We went on a really long walk.
We went on a school trip to Nara.
We went on a tour boat.
We went on a world tour.
We went on board a ship.
We went on board at ten.
We went on board the ship.
We went on board to meet the captain.
We went on foot.
We went on holiday together last summer.
We went on industrial strike.
We went on our vacation then.
We went on our way.
We went on safari with a hire car.
We went on talking about the matter.
We went on without hesitation, as though we were locals.
We went our separate ways, embracing the freedom to pursue our individual dreams.
We went our separate ways.
We went out and had a nice time.
We went out and never returned.
We went out clubbing.
We went out elk hunting.
We went out for a pizza last night.
We went out for a stroll.
We went out for a walk after breakfast.
We went out for a walk after dinner.
We went out for a while.
We went out for breakfast.
We went out for dinner.
We went out for lunch.
We went out for some drinks.
We went out for some fresh air.
We went out for three years.
We went out from there at eleven.
We went out in search of others like us, but all we found were dead rocks.
We went out in spite of the rain.
We went out on the field and played as well as we could.
We went out on the kids.
We went out through the window.
We went out to celebrate our wedding anniversary.
We went out to dinner with two American men and two German ladies.
We went out to dinner.
We went out to have some fresh air.
We went out to hoist a few beers.
We went out with our friends.
We went out.
We went outside and saw Adil.
We went outside for a while.
We went over all the details.
We went over the house before deciding whether to buy it.
We went over the house thoroughly before buying it.
We went over the road.
We went over there to stand with the sopranos.
We went over this last week.
We went pale.
We went picking strawberries.
We went quiet.
We went radio silent for a few weeks.
We went round the lake.
We went round to Tom's, but unfortunately he wasn't at home.
We went sailing.
We went shopping after lunch.
We went shopping downtown yesterday.
We went shopping for clothes.
We went shopping in Shibuya yesterday.
We went shopping together.
We went shopping with our friends.
We went shopping yesterday.
We went shopping.
We went sightseeing in Boston.
We went sightseeing in Hokkaido.
We went silent.
We went skiing in Canada.
We went skiing in Shiga Kogen for our school trip.
We went skiing.
We went slow.
We went slowly.
We went straight to bed.
We went straight to our computers to chat.
We went strawberry-picking.
We went surfing every day.
We went swimming at the beach.
We went swimming in the lake.
We went swimming in the river yesterday afternoon.
We went swimming in the river yesterday.
We went swimming in the river.
We went there by foot because it cost nothing.
We went there for a week.
We went there in separate cars.
We went there last month.
We went there last year.
We went there to plant saplings.
We went there together.
We went there twice last year.
We went there with Tom.
We went there.
We went through St. Louis on the way to New Orleans.
We went through almost a whole jar of coffee last week.
We went through the woods and came to a lake.
We went to Algiers to visit a cousin.
We went to Australia by plane.
We went to Australia for our honeymoon.
We went to Australia last month to visit Tom.
We went to Australia last month.
We went to Australia last summer.
We went to Australia last year for the first time.
We went to Australia last year.
We went to Australia three years ago.
We went to Australia to spend a couple of weeks with Tom.
We went to Australia to visit Tom.
We went to Australia together three years ago.
We went to Australia together.
We went to Australia, where we stayed three weeks.
We went to Australia.
We went to Barcelona.
We went to Belgium for the beer.
We went to Boston by bus.
We went to Boston by car.
We went to Boston by plane.
We went to Boston for a few days.
We went to Boston in Tom's car.
We went to Boston just for fun.
We went to Boston last month to visit Tom.
We went to Boston last month.
We went to Boston last summer.
We went to Boston last week.
We went to Boston last weekend.
We went to Boston last year for the first time.
We went to Boston last year.
We went to Boston to spend a couple of weeks with Tom.
We went to Boston to visit Tom.
We went to Boston to visit her.
We went to Boston to visit him.
We went to Boston to visit them.
We went to Boston together three years ago.
We went to Boston together.
We went to Boston with Mary.
We went to Boston with Tom.
We went to Boston, where we stayed a week.
We went to Boston, where we stayed three weeks.
We went to Boston.
We went to Brazil on our honeymoon.
We went to Derguina.
We went to Gifu.
We went to Hakata to visit my grandmother.
We went to Hakone last Sunday.
We went to Hawaii for pleasure.
We went to Hawaii last year for the first time.
We went to Istanbul and ate kebabs.
We went to Italy.
We went to Kabylie together.
We went to Kabylie.
We went to Korea by plane.
We went to Lake Towada on a school excursion.
We went to Laramie together, but afterwards we parted.
We went to London last year.
We went to London.
We went to Mary's house to talk to her, but she wasn't at home.
We went to Mersin via Konya.
We went to New York by plane.
We went to Paris in the course of our travels.
We went to Portugal for our holiday this year, as we did last year, and the year before that.
We went to Rome, where we stayed a week.
We went to Russia.
We went to Sami's adoption ceremony.
We went to Spain this year.
We went to Sydney yesterday.
We went to Tom and Mary's house to talk to them, but they weren't at home.
We went to Tom's favorite restaurant yesterday.
We went to Tom's house to talk to him, but he wasn't at home.
We went to Tom's house, but unfortunately he wasn't home.
We went to Tom's house.
We went to Tom's, but unfortunately he wasn't in.
We went to Vegas and we had the time of our lives.
We went to Yokohama.
We went to a Thai restaurant.
We went to a bar on Park Street.
We went to a burlesque show.
We went to a comedy club.
We went to a concert last Monday.
We went to a dance last Friday.
We went to a firework festival.
We went to a gourmet place.
We went to a hamburger joint on Park Street.
We went to a hockey game.
We went to a little restaurant.
We went to a lot of parks.
We went to a lot of trouble to clean our new house.
We went to a matinee showing because it was cheaper.
We went to a movie.
We went to a museum today.
We went to a musical at the weekend.
We went to a nice restaurant.
We went to a pizzeria today.
We went to a pizzeria while they went to the pictures.
We went to a pizzeria, whereas they went to the cinema.
We went to a pretty big school.
We went to a public pool.
We went to a restaurant and ordered food in Berber.
We went to a restaurant.
We went to a secondary school to invigilate today.
We went to a show in Boston.
We went to a show in Kabylie.
We went to a very ordinary restaurant.
We went to an Islamic library.
We went to an Italian pizzeria.
We went to at sidi hamed.
We went to bed before midnight.
We went to bed early in order to get up at dawn.
We went to bed early.
We went to bed hungry.
We went to bed knowing our lives in Italy were not going to be anything like what we knew in the past.
We went to bed late.
We went to bed very early.
We went to bed.
We went to big lake for picnic.
We went to both Australia and New Zealand.
We went to both Boston and Chicago.
We went to buy some cleaning supplies.
We went to check.
We went to church every Sunday when we were in America.
We went to church every Sunday.
We went to church.
We went to college together.
We went to college.
We went to complain about them.
We went to court when they refused to pay for the damage.
We went to different schools.
We went to different teachers for different subjects.
We went to dinner and had a few drinks after the show.
We went to each other's weddings.
We went to gather strawberries.
We went to get some comics.
We went to get some ice cream.
We went to get some plates.
We went to have fun at the park.
We went to her rescue.
We went to high school in Algeria.
We went to high school together, as you can probably gather.
We went to high school together.
We went to high school.
We went to his rescue.
We went to law school together.
We went to look for food.
We went to night school.
We went to pick strawberries.
We went to prison.
We went to room number five.
We went to school by bus.
We went to school early.
We went to school every day.
We went to school this afternoon.
We went to school this morning.
We went to school together.
We went to school under the cherry blossoms in spring.
We went to see Shakespeare in the Park.
We went to see Tom in the hospital.
We went to see Tom yesterday.
We went to see Tom.
We went to see a comedy in London.
We went to see a handball match.
We went to see a movie in the evening.
We went to see a movie with my friend yesterday.
We went to see a movie.
We went to see him the next day.
We went to see our neighbors.
We went to see our neighbours.
We went to see the Museum of Humankind, but it is closed on Tuesdays.
We went to see the cherry blossoms along the river.
We went to see the doctor.
We went to see turtles on the beach.
We went to some incredible places.
We went to swim in the river.
We went to swim in the sea.
We went to that school.
We went to the Aga Khan Museum.
We went to the Asian supermarket.
We went to the National Gallery of London to see the painting "The Rape of Ganymede" by Damiano Mazza.
We went to the Tama Zoo.
We went to the airport to pick Tom up.
We went to the airport to see Tom off.
We went to the bar.
We went to the beach and built sand castles.
We went to the beach and explored the tide pools.
We went to the beach and swam all day.
We went to the beach for a swim last weekend.
We went to the beach last week.
We went to the beach last weekend to swim.
We went to the beach to swim.
We went to the beach together.
We went to the beach yesterday, but none of us swam.
We went to the beach, we played, and we ate ice cream. Our day was incredible.
We went to the beach.
We went to the birth ward and stayed for a week.
We went to the bookstore.
We went to the botanic garden.
We went to the botanical garden.
We went to the butcher's to buy steaks.
We went to the cafe to kill time.
We went to the café that I told you about.
We went to the cinema yesterday. We saw Star Wars.
We went to the city after being at my house.
We went to the city where mom was born.
We went to the coast for our summer vacation.
We went to the conference by bus.
We went to the congress by bus.
We went to the countryside.
We went to the dance.
We went to the exchange house where we were staying.
We went to the front of the mansion.
We went to the funfair yesterday and had a go on the big wheel.
We went to the gym to work out.
We went to the lake and hired a rowing boat.
We went to the lake to row a boat.
We went to the library together.
We went to the library.
We went to the mall after school.
We went to the mall yesterday.
We went to the mall.
We went to the market, and I bought flour.
We went to the market, and I bought some flour.
We went to the market; I bought flour.
We went to the market; I bought some flour.
We went to the match last night.
We went to the mosque to pray the Friday prayer.
We went to the mosque.
We went to the mountain to ski.
We went to the mountains to ski.
We went to the movies last night.
We went to the movies with Gustavo on Thursday.
We went to the movies.
We went to the museum last week.
We went to the museum to study Japanese history.
We went to the museum.
We went to the old town.
We went to the only place we could think of.
We went to the other one.
We went to the park for a walk.
We went to the park to play baseball.
We went to the park to play.
We went to the park to take pictures.
We went to the park with Tom.
We went to the park, and we played there.
We went to the park.
We went to the party and had a pleasant time.
We went to the physical therapy sessions.
We went to the play yesterday.
We went to the pool near Tom's house yesterday.
We went to the pool on Monday.
We went to the post office to mail a letter.
We went to the post office.
We went to the races.
We went to the restaurant that you suggested.
We went to the restaurant you suggested.
We went to the river.
We went to the same church.
We went to the same high school in Kabylie, Algeria.
We went to the same high school.
We went to the same school in Kabylie, Algeria.
We went to the shoe store.
We went to the spring for water.
We went to the stadium, where we enjoyed the exciting game.
We went to the station to see Tom off.
We went to the station to see her off.
We went to the station.
We went to the theater early so we could get good seats.
We went to the theater early to get good seats.
We went to the theater early, so we could be sure that everyone could get a seat.
We went to the theater with Skura.
We went to the theater.
We went to the theatre.
We went to the video store.
We went to the zoo and then saw a Roman bath and a Roman fort in Southern Cumbria.
We went to the zoo.
We went to three museums yesterday.
We went to university together.
We went to veterinarian with our dog.
We went to visit Tom in the hospital.
We went to watch the fireworks.
We went to work at sunrise, and quit work between sundown and dark.
We went to work.
We went together to Laramie, and there we parted.
We went together to Laramie, but then we split up.
We went too far.
We went up and down by elevator.
We went up and down in the elevator.
We went up and down in the lift.
We went up by two floors in order to reach the apparel stalls.
We went up by two floors to reach the apparel stalls.
We went up in a glass lift.
We went up so high that we could get the whole view of the city.
We went up step by step.
We went up the mountain by cable car.
We went up the stairs.
We went up to the top.
We went up two floors to reach the apparel stalls.
We went upstairs.
We went walking on the shore of the lake.
We went way over our budget.
We went where the others had gathered.
We went whitewater rafting over the weekend.
We went window shopping.
We went with Mina.
We went with Tom.
We went with him on that plan.
We went with him to the airport.
We went with him.
We went with them to school.
We went without Tom since he wasn't ready.
We went without him because he wasn't ready.
We went without him since he wasn't ready.
We went without him, as he wasn't ready.
We went without him, as he wasn’t ready.
We went, too.
We were Algerian.
We were OK.
We were Tom's mentors.
We were a couple.
We were a group of close-knit friends.
We were a hard-working family.
We were a little complacent.
We were a little scarred by our last firm experience.
We were a little tired.
We were a mess.
We were a perfect couple.
We were a tight crew.
We were abducted.
We were able to accomplish a lot in a very short amount of time.
We were able to accomplish more than we thought we would be able to.
We were able to catch the intruder.
We were able to catch the last train.
We were able to do that more quickly than we expected.
We were able to do that successfully.
We were able to do that.
We were able to do what, at first, seemed impossible.
We were able to eat exotic dishes.
We were able to eat little rice during the tour.
We were able to encourage each other.
We were able to enter through a window.
We were able to find some common ground.
We were able to finish that job sooner than expected.
We were able to finish this faster than we expected.
We were able to fix the computer.
We were able to get out safely, thank goodness.
We were able to get the message out.
We were able to get there before it started raining.
We were able to hire a real fine cook.
We were able to kill two birds with one stone.
We were able to make a deal with them.
We were able to overcome deep-rooted conflicts and divisions.
We were able to participate free of charge.
We were able to persuade Tom not to do that.
We were able to persuade Tom to do that.
We were able to salvage some things.
We were able to save Tom.
We were able to see the sunset from our window.
We were able to settle the matter finally.
We were able to sleep an hour longer.
We were able to start catching fish soon.
We were able to talk just like before.
We were about to call you.
We were about to go when they arrived.
We were about to make pancakes.
We were about to start, when it began to rain.
We were about to walk to school.
We were absent from school because we were ill.
We were absent.
We were accepting guests.
We were accompanied.
We were accused of theft.
We were actually pretty lucky.
We were adopted.
We were adrift miles from shore.
We were advised to lock our doors.
We were afraid of hurting her feelings.
We were afraid of hurting his feelings.
We were afraid that we might be hit by a bullet, so we ran downstairs.
We were afraid that we might hurt him.
We were afraid that we might hurt his feelings.
We were afraid that we wouldn't get there on time.
We were afraid this might happen.
We were afraid to speak up.
We were afraid we might hurt Tom.
We were afraid we might hurt him.
We were afraid we might hurt his feelings.
We were afraid we wouldn't be found.
We were afraid we wouldn't get there on time.
We were afraid.
We were ahead of everybody else.
We were ahead of everyone else.
We were ahead of everyone.
We were ahead.
We were airlifted.
We were alarmed at her cry.
We were alive to what was going on.
We were all a bit scared.
We were all a little alarmed.
We were all a little hungry.
We were all a little sleepy.
We were all a little stunned.
We were all a little tired.
We were all affected by that.
We were all afraid that Tom would kill himself.
We were all against the plan.
We were all alike.
We were all alone.
We were all always hungry.
We were all amused with the comedy.
We were all anxious for his first return in ten years.
We were all anxious for your return.
We were all asked to leave.
We were all asleep.
We were all assailed with fears.
We were all astonished that she made such remarks.
We were all astonished to hear the news.
We were all at a Halloween party.
We were all at school together.
We were all at the discussion.
We were all bathed in sweat.
We were all born on this planet for a reason.
We were all busy during the morning arranging and decorating the Hall in the village where the recital was to take place.
We were all busy.
We were all children once.
We were all collectively tired.
We were all concerned.
We were all creeped out.
We were all dancing to Kabyle music.
We were all deceived by Tom.
We were all deceived.
We were all desperate.
We were all devastated.
We were all disappointed by the game.
We were all disappointed with the game.
We were all disgusted.
We were all drenched with perspiration.
We were all drunk.
We were all ears when he started to tell us his secret.
We were all ears.
We were all exhausted.
We were all fairly young.
We were all fine.
We were all fit to be tied.
We were all fooled by Tom.
We were all fooled.
We were all frightened by this teacher.
We were all given something to eat.
We were all greatly amused by his jokes.
We were all happy when the boss finally fired Tom.
We were all happy.
We were all having a good time.
We were all helping Tom.
We were all helpless.
We were all hungry.
We were all impressed by the blue whale skeleton in the museum.
We were all in Boston at the same time.
We were all in Kabylie.
We were all in love with Tom.
We were all in that meeting together.
We were all in the room together for at least half an hour.
We were all in the tent, cuddling to keep warm.
We were all in this together.
We were all laughing about that.
We were all laughing hysterically.
We were all laughing.
We were all little once.
We were all living in a hotel.
We were all looking forward to the party.
We were all lucky.
We were all miserable.
We were all on the bus together.
We were all on the bus.
We were all on the same bus.
We were all ordered to leave.
We were all playing together.
We were all pleased to be so cheaply quit of him.
We were all present at her wedding.
We were all present at the conference.
We were all present at the meeting.
We were all present at the party.
We were all pretty shocked.
We were all quarantined.
We were all quite fond of Tom.
We were all rather exhausted.
We were all ready to go.
We were all relieved.
We were all retired.
We were all rooting for Tom.
We were all rooting for her.
We were all rooting for him.
We were all rooting for them.
We were all rooting for you.
We were all running short of money then.
We were all scared shitless.
We were all scared.
We were all seated.
We were all seized by fear.
We were all set to leave when the phone rang.
We were all shaking from the bitter cold.
We were all shocked.
We were all shouting at the same time.
We were all silent for a while.
We were all so busy then.
We were all so busy.
We were all so excited.
We were all so happy there.
We were all so happy.
We were all so hungry.
We were all so proud of you.
We were all so scared.
We were all so thirsty.
We were all so tired.
We were all so young then.
We were all soaking wet.
We were all somewhat disappointed by the results.
We were all standing there in silence.
We were all stunned by what he said.
We were all stunned.
We were all surprised Tom didn't win the race.
We were all surprised Tom won the race.
We were all surprised at the appointment of Mr Brown as director.
We were all surprised at the effect the news had on Tom.
We were all surprised at the effect the news had on him.
We were all surprised at the news of her death.
We were all surprised at the news of his death.
We were all surprised that Tom didn't win the race.
We were all surprised that Tom won the race.
We were all surprised that he decided to stay.
We were all surprised that she decided to stay.
We were all surprised that she said such a thing.
We were all surprised when Tom won the race.
We were all surprised when he decided to retire.
We were all swimming in the creek.
We were all terrified.
We were all the time outside.
We were all thirsty.
We were all tired, and to make matters worse, it started to rain.
We were all tired.
We were all told to leave.
We were all treated like lepers.
We were all tricked.
We were all very happy at breakfast.
We were all very hungry.
We were all very moved.
We were all very thirsty.
We were all very touched.
We were all waiting for Tom.
We were all waiting for you.
We were all watching Tom.
We were all watching her.
We were all watching him.
We were all watching them.
We were all wearing gloves.
We were all wondering where you went.
We were all wondering why you were late.
We were all worried.
We were all wrong.
We were all young once.
We were allowed to speak either in English or in Japanese.
We were almost done.
We were almost run over by a truck.
We were almost there.
We were almost three hours into the search before we found anything.
We were almost too late.
We were alone and a man broke in.
We were alone.
We were already at the edge of a cliff.
We were already hating that idea.
We were also in church on Monday.
We were also in shul Monday.
We were also once teenagers.
We were always able to have fun.
We were always competitive.
We were always joking with each other.
We were always proud of the kids.
We were always together.
We were always traveling for work.
We were always very good fuck buddies.
We were always vying for first place.
We were amazed at Tom's clairvoyance.
We were amazed at the excellence of the boy's drawings.
We were amazed at the excellence of the boy’s drawings.
We were amazed that he had gotten full credit.
We were amazed.
We were amazing.
We were ambushed by bandits.
We were ambushed.
We were among the first.
We were among the selected teams.
We were amused.
We were angrier.
We were angry, but we'll be OK.
We were angry.
We were annoyed with Mom.
We were annoyed.
We were apprehensive.
We were approaching the bridge, when it suddenly collapsed.
We were approaching the famed Pillars of Hercules.
We were arguing on different planes to the last.
We were arguing.
We were around.
We were arranging flowers.
We were arrested by the police.
We were arrested.
We were arriving in Chicago at 9:00 p.m.
We were as one in our opinion.
We were as surprised as you were.
We were ashamed of Tom.
We were asked not to do that.
We were asked to do that.
We were asked to not do that anymore.
We were asked what our rights are in respect to CCTV monitoring at work.
We were assaulted.
We were assigned to a densely wooded area and we had to carry out a search of that area almost every week.
We were associated in the enterprise.
We were assured by the Algerian government that the situation is under control.
We were astonished at the news.
We were astonished by his bold attempt.
We were astonished to hear what had happened.
We were astonished when we saw their wounds.
We were astonished.
We were astounded.
We were at John's house last weekend.
We were at John’s house last weekend.
We were at Lake Balaton today.
We were at Tom's house last weekend.
We were at Tom's place last night.
We were at a loss what to do.
We were at a loss which way to go.
We were at a wine degustation where we sampled small amounts of various wines.
We were at breakfast when the Colonel's butler rushed in with all his propriety shaken out of him. "Have you heard the news, sir?" he gasped. "At the Cunningham's sir!" "Burglary!" cried the Colonel, with his coffee-cup in mid-air. "Murder!"
We were at high school.
We were at home yesterday.
We were at my aunt's last week.
We were at school together.
We were at school yesterday.
We were at the cinema yesterday.
We were at the club.
We were at the edge of the hurricane.
We were at the mill, near the hemp field.
We were at the movie theater yesterday.
We were at the park.
We were at the theater.
We were at the theatre.
We were at war with a dictator; we are now fighting against a dictator backed by a traitor.
We were at your mom's place.
We were at your mum's place.
We were attacked by bandits.
We were attacked by brigands.
We were attacked by highwaymen.
We were attacked by pirates!
We were attacked by pirates.
We were attacked by ruffians.
We were attacked by street robbers.
We were attacked by swarms of bees.
We were attacked by zombies.
We were attacked from behind.
We were attacked from both sides.
We were attacked in the forest.
We were attacked.
We were available.
We were avoiding Tom.
We were awake.
We were aware of it from the start.
We were aware of our age.
We were aware of what was going on.
We were away on holiday until yesterday.
We were away.
We were awed into silence when we heard the story.
We were back at square one.
We were back to square one.
We were backpacking.
We were barking.
We were beaten by the better side.
We were beaten by the better team.
We were beaten with a stick.
We were beaten.
We were beheaded.
We were behind a computer screen.
We were behind the firecrackers.
We were behind the prank.
We were being eaten alive by mosquitoes.
We were being made to do it.
We were being played.
We were being stubborn.
We were beside ourselves with joy.
We were beside ourselves.
We were best friends.
We were better when it was worse.
We were bewildered.
We were beyond furious.
We were bitten.
We were blessed with good weather.
We were blissfully unaware of the upcoming changes.
We were blown off course by the strong wind.
We were blown off course.
We were bluffing.
We were boating on the Gulf of Mexico and saw bottlenose dolphins.
We were bogged down in a morass of paperwork.
We were bombarded with questions.
We were booed.
We were bored to tears.
We were bored.
We were boring.
We were born after the war.
We were born around the same time.
We were born in the same year.
We were born in the same year: I in January, he in December.
We were born in the same year; me in January, him in December.
We were born into this world for a reason.
We were born on the same day.
We were born out of revolution against an empire.
We were born to be together.
We were born to die.
We were both a bit drunk.
We were both a little drunk.
We were both afraid to jump off the diving board.
We were both afraid to talk.
We were both born on October 20, 2013.
We were both busy.
We were both drunk.
We were both exhausted by the time we got to Boston.
We were both extremely lucky.
We were both facing the same way.
We were both grinning.
We were both happy.
We were both hungry.
We were both hurt in the accident.
We were both impatient to leave the party.
We were both in the library.
We were both injured in the accident.
We were both injured.
We were both out when Tom came to visit.
We were both pretty busy at that time.
We were both proud of you.
We were both safe.
We were both scared.
We were both shaken.
We were both shell-shocked.
We were both shocked.
We were both silent for a long time.
We were both sleepy.
We were both slightly embarrassed.
We were both thirsty.
We were both tired.
We were both very busy.
We were both very hungry.
We were both very sleepy.
We were both very thirsty.
We were both very tired.
We were both wrong.
We were bound by a strong, clean feeling.
We were broke.
We were bullied.
We were burgled once.
We were buried.
We were busy all day yesterday.
We were busy most of the time.
We were busy talking about the rehearsal.
We were busy with Tom.
We were busy with housework.
We were busy working all night.
We were busy.
We were buying pies for the meeting.
We were buzzed into the CPR room.
We were calculating.
We were called.
We were calm.
We were canoeing down this river.
We were captured.
We were careful not to do that.
We were careful to respect our friendship.
We were careful.
We were caught by surprise.
We were caught in a blizzard.
We were caught in a rain shower.
We were caught in a shower and got wet to the skin.
We were caught in a shower on our way from school.
We were caught in a shower on our way home from school.
We were caught in a shower on the way to school.
We were caught in a shower while we were on a picnic.
We were caught in a shower.
We were caught in a snowstorm.
We were caught in a storm.
We were caught in a traffic jam on the way.
We were caught in a traffic jam.
We were caught in a trap.
We were caught in a vicious cycle.
We were caught in the crossfire.
We were caught off guard.
We were caught.
We were certain of winning the game.
We were changing the curtains.
We were chased.
We were chasing Linda.
We were chasing cats down the street.
We were chatting about the matter when you came in, Inspector. Perhaps you can let us have a few details.
We were chatting in Berber via Skype.
We were chatting in Berber.
We were chatting over tea.
We were chatting.
We were cheered by thousands of people.
We were cheerful.
We were children at that time.
We were children then.
We were chilling.
We were chosen among many people.
We were chosen.
We were cited for breach of peace.
We were climbing a steep slope.
We were climbing up the steep mountain.
We were close, Tom and I.
We were close.
We were closing the gate.
We were clueless.
We were coaches.
We were cold.
We were comfortable.
We were compelled to put off our departure.
We were compelled to stay at home on account of the storm.
We were competitive this year.
We were completely dumbfounded.
We were completely exhausted from the five-hour trip.
We were completely knackered from the five-hour trip.
We were completely satisfied with the apartment.
We were completely shocked.
We were completely taken by surprise.
We were completely victorious.
We were concerned at first.
We were concerned for the community.
We were concerned.
We were confident that we would win the game.
We were confident.
We were confused as well.
We were confused.
We were connecting.
We were considering doing shopping for Tom.
We were contracted to build a railway.
We were convicted.
We were convinced that a creature lived in our cellar.
We were convinced that there was a monster in our cellar.
We were cooking tempura at that time.
We were covered in sweat.
We were covered with mosquito bites.
We were covered.
We were crazy about each other.
We were crazy for each other.
We were created in God's image.
We were created to be together.
We were crowded in the cabin, Not a soul would dare to sleep,— It was midnight on the waters, And a storm was on the deep.
We were crowded into the small room.
We were crushed into the crowded train.
We were crying.
We were cursing.
We were cut off while talking on the telephone.
We were cute.
We were dancing at work.
We were dancing on the beach.
We were dancing to Kabyle music.
We were dancing to sad music.
We were dancing.
We were dating at the time.
We were dating.
We were dead tired from the five-hour trip.
We were dead.
We were deaf.
We were deafening the neighbors.
We were dealing with very complicated issues.
We were deceived.
We were dedicated.
We were deeply impressed by the lecturer's eloquent speech.
We were deeply impressed by the lecturer’s eloquent speech.
We were deeply in love.
We were deeply moved by Tom's story.
We were deeply moved by her story.
We were deeply moved by his words.
We were deeply moved by that.
We were defeated.
We were defending ourselves.
We were delayed by heavy traffic.
We were delayed by the heavy traffic.
We were delayed by traffic congestion, so we had to hurry.
We were delayed in Boston.
We were delighted to hear of his success.
We were delighted to hear of your success.
We were demanding.
We were denied a loan.
We were denied entry.
We were denied transportation.
We were depending on considerable assistance from the insurrectionists in France. Throughout France the Free French had been of inestimable value in the campaign. Without their great assistance the liberation of France and the defeat of the enemy in Western Europe would have consumed a much longer time and meant greater losses to ourselves.
We were depressed.
We were deprived of transportation.
We were desperate for cash.
We were desperate for money.
We were desperate.
We were destined to get married from the time we were born - Not!
We were destined to meet one day.
We were destined to meet.
We were different from the rest.
We were different.
We were digging.
We were directly in the path of the storm.
We were disappointed at her absence.
We were disappointed because we could not carry out our plan.
We were disappointed in him.
We were disappointed to hear that Tom and Mary couldn't get visas.
We were disappointed to hear that Tom couldn't get a visa.
We were disappointed to hear that Tom couldn’t get a visa.
We were disappointed to hear that Tom had married Mary.
We were disappointed to hear that he couldn't get a visa.
We were disappointed to hear that she had married him.
We were disappointed with the result.
We were disappointed with the results of the experiment.
We were disappointed.
We were disconnected.
We were discovered back then in a talent competition.
We were discussing changes, but in the end all stayed the way it was.
We were discussing his work with him.
We were discussing the Quran.
We were disfigured.
We were disfiguring ourselves.
We were disgusted by the filthy restroom.
We were disgusted by what Tom had done.
We were disillusioned with the result.
We were dismissed.
We were displeased with the kids.
We were disqualified.
We were disrespectful.
We were disrespecting Mina.
We were distraught.
We were disturbed.
We were diving.
We were doing OK.
We were doing drugs.
We were doing fine.
We were doing it backwards.
We were doing just fine before Tom got here.
We were doing our homework.
We were doing our job on the computer.
We were doing something.
We were doing that just a few hours ago.
We were doing the housework.
We were doing things we didn't need to do.
We were doing well.
We were done kayaking down the river before sunset.
We were doubled over with laughter.
We were down.
We were dragged away by the cops.
We were dragged through mud.
We were drenched but very happy.
We were drenched in the shower.
We were dressed.
We were drinking a lot.
We were drinking brandy with Tom.
We were drinking.
We were driven to stealing by hunger.
We were driven to the wall.
We were driving down the road when we saw Tom.
We were driving to the city.
We were driving too slowly.
We were drooling.
We were dropped off at the hospital.
We were drunk.
We were duly impressed.
We were dumbfounded.
We were each given a piece of chocolate.
We were eating a sandwich.
We were eating apples.
We were eating dinner when Tom called.
We were eating eggs.
We were eating lunch together.
We were eating pizza.
We were eating when someone knocked on the door.
We were eating while weeping.
We were eating.
We were ecstatic.
We were educated at a state school.
We were eighteen at that time.
We were elected to the Senate in 2008.
We were embarrassed.
We were encouraged by the news.
We were enemies.
We were engaged at one time.
We were engaged once.
We were engaged to be married.
We were engaged.
We were enjoying the gentle autumn breeze.
We were enjoying the sunshine.
We were entirely deceived by the advertisement.
We were entranced by the fabulous suite.
We were entwined and naked.
We were escorted to a car.
We were evacuated from the war zone.
We were everywhere.
We were evicted.
We were evil.
We were examined in English.
We were excited as we watched the game.
We were excited by the sounds.
We were excited to have a new Berber teacher.
We were excited to see the game.
We were excited.
We were exhausted but happy to get home at 11 pm.
We were exhausted but happy.
We were exhausted when we reached the shore.
We were exhausted.
We were exhilarated.
We were expecting Tom to be at the party, but he didn't show up.
We were expecting a big boom.
We were expecting a lot of snow.
We were expecting it.
We were expecting more.
We were expecting something different to happen.
We were expecting something different.
We were expecting something exciting to happen.
We were expecting that to happen.
We were expecting the game to be more exciting.
We were expecting to see whales in Brazil.
We were expecting you fifteen minutes ago.
We were expecting you.
We were expelled from school for fighting.
We were explaining that.
We were exploited.
We were exposed to gangsters and drug dealers.
We were exposed to many different walks of life.
We were extremely fortunate.
We were extremely lucky.
We were faced with an unusual situation because of the accident.
We were falsely accused.
We were familiar with a good portion of that airport.
We were famous.
We were farmers.
We were fascinated by Tom's voice.
We were fascinated by her voice.
We were feeling an incredible closeness.
We were feeling sick.
We were fighting for our lives.
We were filled with anger against the murderer.
We were filled with hope again.
We were filled with joyful expectation.
We were finally able to settle the matter.
We were finally reunited.
We were financially troubled, in short, we were bankrupt.
We were fine.
We were fined for running a red light.
We were finished.
We were fired on the spot.
We were fired upon, and our home was engulfed in flames.
We were fired.
We were first.
We were fishing.
We were fixing it.
We were flabbergasted.
We were flooded with applications for the job.
We were flying about six hours.
We were following Mina.
We were following Tom.
We were following you.
We were fooled again.
We were fooled.
We were forced off our property.
We were forced to accept Tom's proposal.
We were forced to accept it.
We were forced to back out of a contract due to the earthquake.
We were forced to change our tactics.
We were forced to defend ourselves.
We were forced to do that.
We were forced to leave.
We were forced to make that decision.
We were forced to postpone our departure.
We were forced to put off our departure.
We were forced to sell the mansion.
We were forced to stay with friends.
We were forced to surrender.
We were forced to turn back.
We were forced to work hard.
We were forced to work overtime.
We were forging Dad's signature.
We were fortunate in finding that Lord Holdhurst was still in his chambers in Downing Street, and on Holmes sending in his card we were instantly shown up.
We were fortunate.
We were founded upon the ideal that all are created equal, and we have shed blood and struggled for centuries to give meaning to those words â€“ within our borders, and around the world.
We were founded upon the ideal that all are created equal, and we have shed blood and struggled for centuries to give meaning to those words – within our borders, and around the world.
We were framed.
We were free.
We were freezing.
We were friends before we were lovers.
We were friends right from the start.
We were friends with Tom once.
We were friends.
We were frightened by a savage scream.
We were frozen in terror.
We were frozen with fear.
We were frustrated by the lack of cooperation.
We were frustrated by the lack of support.
We were frustrated.
We were fully satisfied.
We were gardening.
We were gathered in the living room.
We were getting discouraged.
We were getting really worried.
We were getting robbed.
We were getting undressed.
We were given a couple of days.
We were given a gift.
We were given a lot of time to do that.
We were given a pot as a gift of my cousin's wedding party.
We were given a pot as a gift of my cousin’s wedding party.
We were given a warning.
We were given a week.
We were given a wolf cub.
We were given a wolf pup.
We were given a young wolf.
We were given another chance.
We were given more time.
We were given one shot at life, so we'd better put that one life to good use and we'd better live our live as meaningfully as we can.
We were given so many chances.
We were given something to eat.
We were given the best chance at success possible.
We were given the new deal on the spot.
We were given the privilege of using the library.
We were given the privilege to use the liberty.
We were given the sack.
We were given twenty-four more hours.
We were giving a concert the next day.
We were giving it all we've got.
We were glad to hear Tom got back safely.
We were glad to hear of his safe return.
We were glad to hear that Tom got back safely.
We were glad to hear that he got back safely.
We were glad we had each other.
We were glad when we saw a light in the distance.
We were going along in the rain.
We were going along the motorway at 160 kilometres an hour.
We were going down the motorway doing 160 kilometres an hour.
We were going north, towards Kabylie.
We were going real fast.
We were going steady.
We were going through an awful time.
We were going to Berber class.
We were going to Gifu.
We were going to Kabylie, Algeria.
We were going to Kabylie.
We were going to buy that camera.
We were going to get married, but decided against it.
We were going to get married.
We were going to hang them.
We were going to kill them.
We were going to meet her in Kabylie.
We were going to play baseball.
We were going to play chess for some time.
We were going to shoot them.
We were going to suggest a compromise.
We were going to tell Mom the truth eventually.
We were going to try that.
We were going to try.
We were going towards the kitchen.
We were good friends.
We were good.
We were graduating middle school.
We were granted the privilege of fishing in this bay.
We were grateful.
We were great friends, and maybe we would have been even closer if only the circumstances had been different.
We were great.
We were greatly amused by her story.
We were greatly relieved to find that the worst dangers were over.
We were greatly surprised at the news of his sudden death.
We were greeted by a cute waitress.
We were growing.
We were guaranteed to win the art contest.
We were halfway to Algeria.
We were halfway to Australia when there was a fire on board.
We were handcuffed.
We were happier than we had ever believed possible.
We were happily married for several years.
We were happy people before you came. Your arrival brought despair.
We were happy then.
We were happy to do it.
We were happy to do that for you.
We were happy to hear the news.
We were happy together.
We were happy until you came around.
We were happy – or so I thought.
We were happy.
We were having a few problems a while ago.
We were having a good time until Tom got here.
We were having a good time.
We were having a lot of fun until Tom arrived.
We were having a quiet supper when out of the blue my mother announced she was going back to school.
We were having an argument.
We were having coffee yesterday, today he is gone.
We were having dinner when a beggar broke into our house.
We were having doubts.
We were having fun until you came.
We were having fun.
We were having lunch.
We were having our first snowstorm of the year.
We were having problems with Tom.
We were having so much fun that we lost track of time.
We were having trouble believing that.
We were having trouble doing that.
We were heading towards you when the police stopped us.
We were healthy.
We were held up for half an hour in the traffic and so we arrived late.
We were held up for two hours on account of an accident.
We were held up for two hours on account of the accident.
We were helped.
We were helping Tom.
We were here a year ago.
We were here about three years ago.
We were here all night.
We were here first.
We were here for a business meeting with your wife.
We were here on a reconnaissance mission.
We were here perhaps three or four years ago.
We were here three weeks ago.
We were here three years ago.
We were here yesterday.
We were here.
We were heroes.
We were hesitant.
We were hiding in the bathtub.
We were hiding things from our husbands.
We were high school sweethearts.
We were hired.
We were hit.
We were holding on tightly to the branch.
We were holding our breath.
We were home all weekend, and not once did the phone ring.
We were home alone.
We were home-schooled.
We were home.
We were honest.
We were honeymooning in Kabylie.
We were hopeless.
We were hoping for better news.
We were hoping for some time alone together.
We were hoping something interesting would happen.
We were hoping that over three thousand people would be there, but only about thirty showed up.
We were hoping to book the tickets today.
We were hoping to talk about that today.
We were hoping we could win.
We were hoping we'd get here first.
We were hoping we'd get there first.
We were hoping you could tell us how to do this.
We were hoping you could tell us what to do.
We were hoping you could tell us.
We were hoping you might tell us how to do this.
We were hoping you'd tell us what we should do.
We were horrified.
We were hostile to any attempt at reconciliation.
We were hostile to any attempts at rapprochement.
We were hot.
We were hovering near the goalie.
We were huge wimps.
We were humiliated at school.
We were humiliated.
We were hungry.
We were hurrying in order to make up for the wasted time.
We were hurt.
We were identified.
We were ignorant that the store was closed on Thursdays.
We were ill.
We were impatient for the concert to begin.
We were impatient.
We were imprecise.
We were impressed.
We were in Afghanistan for good.
We were in Algeria.
We were in Algiers for a week.
We were in Algiers for four days.
We were in Australia last spring.
We were in Australia last summer.
We were in Australia last week.
We were in Australia last year for a few weeks visiting Tom.
We were in Australia last year.
We were in Australia together.
We were in Australia.
We were in Berlin.
We were in Boston all weekend.
We were in Boston for a few days.
We were in Boston last month for a few days visiting Tom.
We were in Boston last summer.
We were in Boston last week.
We were in Boston last winter.
We were in Boston last year.
We were in Boston together.
We were in Boston yesterday.
We were in Boston.
We were in Iraq for good.
We were in Kabylie at the time.
We were in Kabylie.
We were in London last week.
We were in London last winter.
We were in a Chinese restaurant.
We were in a bad mood as we left the restaurant.
We were in a crowded elevator, and his behind was uncomfortably close to mine.
We were in a downward spiral.
We were in a hurry then.
We were in a hurry.
We were in a really bad place.
We were in a state of incredible weakness.
We were in a sweat.
We were in a very tight spot.
We were in an accident.
We were in bed when my baby disappeared.
We were in charge of findin new recipes.
We were in danger of losing our lives.
We were in favor of reforming the tax laws.
We were in fits of laughter when the cat twirled around the room chasing its tail.
We were in four.
We were in good company.
We were in grave danger.
We were in high school back then.
We were in high school.
We were in last place.
We were in love.
We were in middle school.
We were in our element.
We were in pain.
We were in shock.
We were in the Navy together.
We were in the Rio de Janeiro botanical gardens.
We were in the capital.
We were in the first year of middle school last year.
We were in the hallway of the second floor of the hospital.
We were in the living room when we heard the gunshot.
We were in the middle of an extreme heatwave.
We were in the middle of lunch when he gave me a ring.
We were in the midst of a blizzard.
We were in the midst of reading.
We were in the neighborhood and thought we would see what you were up to.
We were in the neighborhood and thought we'd drop by.
We were in the room, and we danced.
We were in the same class in those days.
We were in the same class then.
We were in the same class, weren't we?
We were in the same friend group.
We were in the stands.
We were in the third row from the front.
We were in the woods.
We were in total shock.
We were in trouble.
We were in very big trouble.
We were in way over our heads.
We were in your garden yesterday.
We were incorrect.
We were incredibly bored.
We were incredibly intelligent about some of the hazards that we faced.
We were incredibly lucky.
We were indifferent.
We were inexperienced.
We were infected.
We were informed of the situation back in October.
We were informed of the threat an hour ago.
We were informed that food supplies were urgently needed.
We were informed that food was urgently needed.
We were informed that supplies were urgently needed.
We were informed.
We were injured in a car accident.
We were injured.
We were innocent.
We were insanely jealous.
We were inseparable.
We were inspired by their success story and how they overcame obstacles.
We were instructed on how to run the machines.
We were insulted.
We were insulting Linda.
We were intelligent.
We were interested.
We were into metal music.
We were introduced.
We were invaded by cockroaches.
We were invited to a friend's house the other night for dinner.
We were invited.
We were involved in a petty argument.
We were involved.
We were irresponsible.
We were jealous.
We were joking around just seconds before.
We were joking.
We were jumping around.
We were just about finished.
We were just about to call the cops.
We were just about to call the police.
We were just about to call you.
We were just about to do that.
We were just about to enter the room.
We were just about to knock.
We were just about to leave when Tom telephoned.
We were just about to leave when it rained.
We were just about to leave when it started raining.
We were just about to leave when it started to rain.
We were just about to leave when she telephoned.
We were just about to leave.
We were just about to play chess.
We were just about to start doing that.
We were just about to start eating.
We were just about to take a break.
We were just about to vote.
We were just being honest.
We were just breathing.
We were just crying.
We were just discussing that.
We were just eating dinner.
We were just eating lunch.
We were just experimenting with a new recipe.
We were just finishing up.
We were just friends.
We were just getting ready to go.
We were just getting ready to have dinner.
We were just getting ready to leave when it started raining.
We were just getting ready to leave.
We were just getting to know each other.
We were just going to get to know each other.
We were just going.
We were just goofing around.
We were just hanging out.
We were just having a drink.
We were just having a friendly conversation.
We were just having a little fun.
We were just having fun.
We were just having lunch.
We were just having some tea.
We were just holding hands.
We were just in Australia last week.
We were just in Australia.
We were just in Boston a few days ago.
We were just in Boston.
We were just in time for the last train.
We were just in time.
We were just joking around.
We were just joking.
We were just kidding around.
We were just kids then.
We were just leaving.
We were just looking for Tom.
We were just looking for them.
We were just lucky this time.
We were just lucky.
We were just on our way home.
We were just passing by.
We were just playing hide-and-seek.
We were just playing tag.
We were just playing.
We were just relaxing.
We were just reminiscing.
We were just saying goodbye.
We were just screwing around.
We were just sloppy.
We were just so happy that Tom finally got his dream job.
We were just starting to do that when it started raining.
We were just studying.
We were just talking about Jim.
We were just talking about Tom.
We were just talking about basketball.
We were just talking about him.
We were just talking about that.
We were just talking about you when you called.
We were just talking about you.
We were just talking about your problem.
We were just talking.
We were just talking. Nothing else.
We were just there.
We were just trying to scare you.
We were just unlucky.
We were just watching a movie.
We were kayaking down this river.
We were keeping our nan company.
We were kept in terrible conditions.
We were kicked out of school on our birthday.
We were kicked out of the pub at 2.30.
We were kicked out of the pub at half past two.
We were kicked out of the pub at half two.
We were kicked out.
We were kidnapped.
We were kids then.
We were kids together.
We were kids without dessert.
We were kind of busy at the time.
We were kind of freaking out.
We were kind.
We were kings.
We were kissing.
We were knocking.
We were landed on a lonely island.
We were last.
We were latchkey kids.
We were late as a result of the traffic jam.
We were late because of the heavy snow.
We were late because of the storm.
We were late because of you.
We were late because our car broke down.
We were late for dinner.
We were late for school because it rained heavily.
We were late for school because it was raining hard.
We were late to the party, like you.
We were late, owing to the heavy snow.
We were late.
We were laughed at by everybody in the room.
We were laughed at by everyone in the room.
We were laughing at Mom.
We were learning English.
We were left all alone.
We were left alone.
We were left behind.
We were left with no choice but to close down our shop.
We were left with questions.
We were left without gas when we were on our way.
We were let into a club.
We were liars.
We were like brothers.
We were like family.
We were like siblings.
We were like sisters.
We were listening to classical music.
We were listening to music.
We were listening to oldies music on the car radio.
We were livid.
We were living in Osaka for ten years before we came to Tokyo.
We were living on the fifth floor.
We were living peacefully.
We were living there.
We were located.
We were lonely.
We were longing for peace.
We were looking at Skura's dog.
We were looking at a beautiful rose.
We were looking at the fire burning brightly.
We were looking at the picture.
We were looking at the ruins of the old fortress.
We were looking everywhere for you.
We were looking for Tom.
We were looking for a comfortable place to sleep.
We were looking for a parking space for a very long time.
We were looking for buried treasure.
We were looking for her.
We were looking for him.
We were looking for his car.
We were looking for someone.
We were looking for them.
We were looking for you everywhere.
We were looking for you.
We were looking forward to spending an evening at home alone.
We were looking good.
We were looking on as they quarreled.
We were looking out for each other.
We were looking.
We were losing money on every deal.
We were lost.
We were lovers for a short time.
We were lovers.
We were lucky again.
We were lucky enough to find Ziri before it was late.
We were lucky no one got hurt today.
We were lucky that there was someone who spoke both French and English that could help us out.
We were lucky to find our keys.
We were lucky to have Tom with us.
We were lucky to have been born in the same galaxy.
We were lucky to survive.
We were lucky to win that one.
We were lucky to win the battle.
We were lucky today.
We were lucky.
We were lucky. It didn't rain.
We were lying on our backs.
We were mad at Tom.
We were made for each other.
We were made fun of.
We were made to be together.
We were made to copy some English words.
We were made to do that.
We were made to practice three hours a day by the manager.
We were made to stand in line.
We were made to stay in a small room.
We were making good money.
We were making our way to Algiers.
We were managing the finances.
We were manipulative.
We were married five years ago today.
We were married for thirty years before we separated.
We were married for three years.
We were married in 2013 in Australia.
We were married in 2013 in Boston.
We were married in Australia in 2013.
We were married in Boston in 2013.
We were married under cherry trees.
We were married.
We were mean to Tom.
We were meant for each other.
We were meant to be here a fortnight ago.
We were meant to be together.
We were meant to tell everyone to be here by 2.30, but we forgot.
We were mediocre.
We were merry.
We were mesmerized by the pulsating glow of the embers.
We were messed up.
We were miserable.
We were missing a player.
We were mistaken.
We were more aggressive.
We were more or less disappointed about the election.
We were more than satisfied when the Romanian Government, even before its membership in the European Union, showed its readiness to accept this directive.
We were moved to tears.
We were moving a little too fast.
We were moving back to Algiers in April.
We were mugged.
We were mumbling.
We were murdered.
We were naive.
We were naked.
We were natural.
We were near death.
We were near your house.
We were nearly frozen to death.
We were negative.
We were neighbors.
We were neighbours.
We were never able to capture him.
We were never able to do that.
We were never allowed to celebrate Christmas.
We were never ashamed of you.
We were never ever hungry.
We were never given the opportunity to do that.
We were never in any danger.
We were never in any real danger.
We were never invited back.
We were never meant for each other.
We were never to see her again.
We were newlyweds.
We were next-door neighbors.
We were next-door neighbours.
We were nice to Tom.
We were nice.
We were normal.
We were not a little disappointed with you.
We were not afraid.
We were not allowed to speak Breton.
We were not at home that day.
We were not at home.
We were not at school because we were ill.
We were not blessed by the weather and were unable to see the Unkai, the Sea of Clouds.
We were not born only for ourselves.
We were not disappointed.
We were not especially good pupils at school.
We were not ill.
We were not invited to the feast.
We were not invited to the party.
We were not jealous.
We were not married.
We were not prepared for the assault.
We were not prepared for this.
We were not right.
We were not sure.
We were not surprised to be caught by rain.
We were not to blame for the accident.
We were not very used to this type of teacher.
We were nothing but nice to her.
We were notified.
We were obligated to do that.
We were obliged to abandon our plan.
We were obliged to give up our plan.
We were obliged to make a detour.
We were obliged to obey the rule.
We were obsessed with money.
We were off to the races.
We were offended because he didn't come to tell us.
We were offended.
We were old.
We were on a break.
We were on a plane flying to Australia at that time.
We were on a plane flying to Boston at that time.
We were on a plane to the city.
We were on a schedule.
We were on a world tour.
We were on drugs.
We were on holiday until yesterday.
We were on our way back from rehearsals.
We were on our way back up to bed.
We were on our way to school.
We were on strike.
We were on television last week.
We were on the beach.
We were on the coding team.
We were on the dance floor.
We were on the point of leaving when Tom arrived.
We were on the right track.
We were on the road from sunrise till sunset.
We were on the road from sunrise until sunset.
We were on the same bus.
We were on the same jury.
We were on the same plane.
We were on the same train by chance.
We were on the slide.
We were on the team.
We were on the train for ten hours.
We were once friends with Tom.
We were once stars.
We were one big happy family.
We were one too many.
We were only allowed to do that once.
We were only following orders.
We were only given infinitesimal doses.
We were only just in time for the last train.
We were only permitted to do that once.
We were only smiling.
We were only there for three days.
We were only together a few months.
We were only too glad to help.
We were only too glad to see him.
We were only trying to help Tom.
We were only trying to help.
We were opening the gate.
We were ordered away without any explanation.
We were ordered not to take prisoners.
We were ordered to do that.
We were out celebrating all night.
We were out from sunrise till sunset.
We were out from sunrise until sunset.
We were out of town.
We were out on the boat.
We were out shopping.
We were out together.
We were outnumbered.
We were outside exploring, and one of his friends wanted to step on one of the bugs and he said, "Oh no, don't squish bugs" — a part of one of the books that we read with him — so I thought that was pretty cool to see him make that connection between the two.
We were outside, and it was very cold.
We were outside.
We were outsiders when we came here.
We were over at Tom's last night playing cards.
We were over at Tom's place last night playing cards.
We were overheard.
We were overjoyed.
We were overtaken by a violent storm on our passage.
We were overtaken.
We were overwhelmed.
We were packed like sardines in the auditorium.
We were paid three thousand dollars to do that.
We were paid to dress up in the wackiest costumes.
We were paid to participate.
We were paid.
We were painters and we painted beautiful pictures.
We were painters and we were painting beautiful pictures.
We were partly right.
We were partners.
We were partying.
We were passengers.
We were paying the bills.
We were perplexed by the crossword puzzle clue.
We were persistent.
We were photographed.
We were picking music for the party.
We were picking plums.
We were picnicking.
We were planning on doing that together.
We were planning on doing that.
We were planning on going together.
We were planning on going.
We were planning to do that together.
We were planning to do that.
We were planning to go to the cinema last night, but everyone was tired, so we ended up watching a movie at home instead.
We were planning to go together.
We were planning to go.
We were planning to leave early.
We were planning to sing together.
We were planting trees.
We were playing a game.
We were playing by the rules.
We were playing chess.
We were playing football.
We were playing golf.
We were playing in the park.
We were playing on the beach.
We were playing rugby.
We were playing tag.
We were playing until 2 AM.
We were playing.
We were pleased with the verdict.
We were poor at the time.
We were poor, but we were happy.
We were poor, so any present was a pretty big deal.
We were popular at school.
We were positive we could find a solution.
We were powerless to do anything to stop that.
We were powerless.
We were practically inseparable.
We were practicing drawing anime characters.
We were praised.
We were praying.
We were prepared for this.
We were preparing food.
We were preparing for tomorrow's exam.
We were present at the dedication ceremony of the building.
We were present there.
We were pretty bad.
We were pretty confident.
We were pretty fond of each other.
We were pretty good tonight.
We were pretty good.
We were pretty late.
We were pretty noisy.
We were pretty quiet.
We were pretty reckless.
We were pretty reliant on Tom.
We were pretty small.
We were pretty thorough.
We were prevented from doing so.
We were prison guards for ten years.
We were prison wardens for ten years.
We were prisoners.
We were proactive.
We were probably followed.
We were probably in junior high the last time we went there together.
We were probably too optimistic.
We were promoted to Division 1.
We were proud of Tom.
We were proud of her.
We were proud of him.
We were proud of our strength.
We were proud of them.
We were proud to be Canadians.
We were provoked.
We were punished.
We were put in charge to find new recipes.
We were qualified.
We were queuing for more than an hour.
We were quickly overwhelmed.
We were quiet.
We were quietly swimming.
We were quite a crew back then.
We were quite alarmed.
We were quite at a loss which way to go.
We were quite happy.
We were quite shocked by her sudden death.
We were quite tired after putting on the play.
We were quivering.
We were raised by a single mother.
We were raised by overprotective parents.
We were raised in Boston.
We were raised in Kabylie.
We were raised in the same village.
We were raped.
We were reading a book and it was a very good one.
We were reading a comic book.
We were reading.
We were ready for Tom.
We were ready for anything.
We were ready for school.
We were ready for them.
We were ready to attack.
We were ready to do that.
We were ready to go.
We were ready.
We were real anxious.
We were real hurt.
We were really annoyed.
We were really close back then.
We were really close.
We were really cold.
We were really down.
We were really drunk.
We were really excited about what was going to happen.
We were really excited.
We were really good.
We were really hoping to buy a fishing boat.
We were really hurt.
We were really impressed with this hotel.
We were really moved by his lecture.
We were really scared.
We were really surprised when that happened.
We were really surprised.
We were really tight.
We were really under the pump to meet that deadline.
We were really very tired.
We were really weird.
We were rebellious.
We were rebels.
We were reciting the Quran.
We were recording.
We were registered.
We were rehearsing.
We were rejected by multiple accelerator programs before we were finally accepted by Techstars.
We were rejected.
We were relaxing.
We were released.
We were relieved to see light in the distance.
We were relieved when we arrived at the hospital.
We were reported missing.
We were reported to the police.
We were reported.
We were repulsed.
We were rerouted because of weather.
We were rescued by firefighters.
We were resting.
We were resurrected.
We were retreating.
We were returning a favor.
We were rich at the time.
We were riding a moped at night.
We were right.
We were robbed of the documents on the way.
We were robbed.
We were rolling with laughter.
We were roommates in college.
We were roommates.
We were roused at daybreak by the whistle of a train.
We were rowing against the current.
We were rude to Tom.
We were rudely interrupted.
We were running a little late.
We were running behind schedule.
We were running out of disk space due to a configuration issue.
We were running out of gas, and what was worse, it began to snow heavily.
We were running through the park.
We were running to and fro.
We were sacked.
We were safe.
We were sailing in the sea.
We were sailing.
We were satisfied with the delicious food.
We were satisfied with the results.
We were satisfied.
We were saved by the bell.
We were saved, but a price had to be paid.
We were scammed.
We were scared and confused.
We were scared.
We were scolded by our teacher.
We were scratched.
We were screaming.
We were screwed from the outset.
We were searched.
We were seated at the supper table.
We were seated in a circle.
We were second best all over the pitch.
We were seeing death everywhere as a consequence of starvation.
We were seen together.
We were seen.
We were selected.
We were sent home.
We were sent into the woods to search for Janos.
We were sent to the principal's office today.
We were serious.
We were served French champagne, not to mention the usual cocktails.
We were set up.
We were shaken by the accident.
We were shaken.
We were shaking.
We were shocked at the news of his death.
We were shocked at the news.
We were shocked by the intensity of our mother's anger.
We were shocked by the intensity of our mother’s anger.
We were shocked by what Tom did.
We were shocked by what happened.
We were shocked to hear Tom had been killed.
We were shocked to hear that Tom had been killed.
We were shocked to learn Tom had been killed.
We were shocked to learn that Tom had been killed.
We were shocked to learn that Tom was killed.
We were shocked when that happened.
We were shocked when the landlord raised our rent by $200.00 a month.
We were shocked.
We were short-haired.
We were shot to instant fame.
We were showing Mum our holiday snaps all afternoon.
We were shown all of their family photos.
We were shy.
We were sick all the time.
We were sick for years.
We were sick.
We were silenced.
We were silent.
We were singing.
We were sitting at our computer, working.
We were sitting behind you.
We were sitting comfortably.
We were sitting in our living room drinking tea.
We were sitting in the armchairs.
We were sitting in the guest room, drinking tea.
We were sitting in the pub on the corner. Laughter was coming from the billiard table, and I was on my third pint of Pils.
We were sitting on that beach.
We were sitting on the grass.
We were sitting on the mat.
We were sitting out upon the lawn on garden chairs, the three of us, basking in the sun and admiring the view, when a maid came out to say that there was a man at the door who wanted to see Mr. Trevor.
We were sitting over a glass of port after dinner.
We were sitting peacefully at dinner, when all of a sudden the lights went out.
We were sitting together on the sofa.
We were sitting together.
We were sitting with Tom in a pub, drinking beer.
We were skeptical.
We were skipping school.
We were slaves to Pharaoh in Egypt.
We were sleeping in hibernation.
We were sleepy.
We were smart.
We were sneaky about it.
We were so afraid.
We were so busy.
We were so close that there was no room for feelings between us.
We were so close to getting it done.
We were so close!
We were so close.
We were so confused.
We were so dumbfounded we couldn't even answer.
We were so excited about that type of success.
We were so excited for the photoshoot.
We were so excited that we couldn't sit still.
We were so excited that we couldn’t sit still.
We were so excited.
We were so furious.
We were so grateful Jonas was OK.
We were so grateful.
We were so happy to see Tom and Mary.
We were so happy to see Tom.
We were so happy to see them.
We were so intimidated.
We were so late that the teacher didn't let us in.
We were so lucky.
We were so proud.
We were so rude.
We were so shocked at his sudden death.
We were so terrified.
We were so tired that we ourselves asked to be put to bed.
We were so tired that we turned in about 9:00 last night.
We were so worried about you.
We were so worried they were going to call the police.
We were so worried.
We were so young at that time.
We were soaked to the skin but very happy.
We were sober.
We were sold a dream that was actually a big nightmare.
We were sold out days ago.
We were soldiers together.
We were soldiers.
We were somewhat surprised at his strange question.
We were somewhere else.
We were sorry for the old couple.
We were sorry to hear the news.
We were sorry.
We were spat at on the street.
We were speaking Berber on the bus.
We were speaking Berber.
We were speaking in sign language.
We were speaking to each other in French.
We were speculating on that.
We were speculating.
We were spending an obscene amount of money.
We were split into four teams.
We were spotted.
We were stabbed in the back.
We were standing by the door.
We were standing in the corner.
We were standing on the bridge and watching the river.
We were standing outside in the cold.
We were standing right over here.
We were starting to get annoyed.
We were starting to lose hope.
We were starting to worry about you.
We were starting to worry you wouldn't make it in time.
We were startled at the explosion.
We were startled by the explosion.
We were starving and had to kill our dogs and eat them.
We were still awake.
We were still breathing.
We were still friends.
We were still in college at that time.
We were still in shock.
We were still on tour.
We were stopping passers-by.
We were stranded in Bejaia, Algeria.
We were stranded on a deserted island.
We were stranded.
We were strangled.
We were struck by lightning.
We were struck dumb with astonishment.
We were struggling to make a living.
We were struggling to make ends meet back then.
We were struggling to make ends meet.
We were struggling to survive.
We were struggling.
We were stuck at the airport.
We were stuck for hours in a traffic jam.
We were stuck in a traffic jam for over three hours.
We were stuck in heavy traffic this morning.
We were stuck in the elevator for an hour.
We were stuck in the elevator for three hours.
We were stuck in the middle of nowhere.
We were stuck up in heavy traffic this morning.
We were stuck.
We were students.
We were studying all afternoon.
We were studying the Qur'an.
We were studying together at the university.
We were studying.
We were stung.
We were stunned by the news.
We were stunned when that happened.
We were stunned.
We were stupid.
We were successful because we worked hard.
We were successful!
We were successful.
We were suffering.
We were supplied with uniforms.
We were supposed to be here three hours ago.
We were supposed to be here three weeks ago.
We were supposed to be here two weeks ago.
We were supposed to be there by now.
We were supposed to go on a road trip to the grand canyon.
We were supposed to go swimming together.
We were supposed to go to Algiers for my birthday.
We were supposed to go together.
We were supposed to have done that last week.
We were supposed to have lunch together, remember?
We were supposed to help Tom yesterday afternoon.
We were supposed to land at LaGuardia.
We were supposed to leave Boston that night.
We were supposed to leave that in Boston.
We were supposed to meet at 2:30.
We were supposed to meet at the hotel later.
We were supposed to meet at the restaurant, but Tom never showed up.
We were supposed to meet in front of the library.
We were supposed to protect Tom.
We were supposed to sit together during the fight.
We were supposed to stop doing that.
We were supposed to take care of the food.
We were supposed to take off at 4:30 p.m.
We were supposed to talk to Tom first.
We were supposed to tell everyone to be here by 2:30, but we forgot.
We were supposed to tell everyone to leave.
We were supposed to work at a secretive government facility.
We were sure of the result.
We were sure the Earth went around the Sun.
We were sure we could win.
We were sure.
We were surprised at Tom's conduct.
We were surprised at his conduct.
We were surprised at the big lion.
We were surprised at the ease with which he solved the problem.
We were surprised at the news.
We were surprised at the sight.
We were surprised at the sound.
We were surprised by Tom's behavior.
We were surprised by Tom's decision.
We were surprised by a sudden increase in imports.
We were surprised by his behavior.
We were surprised by his behaviour.
We were surprised by that news.
We were surprised by the big lion.
We were surprised by the news.
We were surprised by the onset of cold weather.
We were surprised how fast the police were there.
We were surprised that Tom got injured.
We were surprised to hear him make such scathing remarks about his best friend.
We were surprised to hear the news.
We were surprised to see Tom there.
We were surprised to see his injuries.
We were surprised when we opened the box.
We were surprised when we saw him in the office this morning.
We were surprised.
We were surrounded by bodyguards.
We were surrounded by journalists with microphones.
We were surrounded by tall men in black suits.
We were surrounded.
We were suspected.
We were suspended for one week.
We were suspended from school.
We were swamped with visitors.
We were sweating in the heat.
We were swimming in the lake.
We were swimming in the sea.
We were swimming in this lake.
We were swinging.
We were taken aback by Tom's perfect French.
We were taken by surprise.
We were taken hostage.
We were taken to a psychiatric hospital.
We were taken to jail.
We were taken.
We were taking care of things around the house.
We were talented.
We were talking about Kabylie.
We were talking about Tom.
We were talking about her.
We were talking about him when he appeared.
We were talking about him.
We were talking about life.
We were talking about mushrooms.
We were talking about other teachers.
We were talking about something I can't quite remember.
We were talking about something at that time, but I don't remember what.
We were talking about the Berber class.
We were talking about the accident.
We were talking about the beauty of Algeria.
We were talking about them.
We were talking about this.
We were talking about you that day.
We were talking about you.
We were talking and I casually asked about something, and I wasn't really interested, so it doesn't matter to me if you speak or not.
We were talking and I felt we were on the same wavelength.
We were talking theology.
We were talking to each other all the time.
We were talking when this guy I know walked by.
We were talking.
We were taught that Ferdinand Magellan was Portuguese but worked in the service of Spain.
We were taught that Newton discovered the law of gravity.
We were taught that World War II began in 1939.
We were taught that World War II broke out in 1939.
We were taught to believe in God.
We were teachers together in Boston.
We were teasing Linda.
We were telling the truth.
We were telling you that we're already with Mary.
We were ten miles short of Boston.
We were ten minutes late.
We were tense.
We were terribly in love from the moment we met.
We were terrified.
We were tested.
We were texted the address.
We were the best and the brightest.
We were the first ones to do that.
We were the first to arrive.
We were the first.
We were the last ones to arrive.
We were the laughingstocks of the whole countryside.
We were the most disgraced of people, and Allah granted us honor with Islam. No matter how much we seek honor in other than that which Allah honored us with, Allah shall disgrace us.
We were the ones who did that.
We were the ones who found the treasure.
We were the only guests.
We were the only ones there.
We were the only ones who got here on time.
We were the painters and we were painting the beautiful pictures.
We were the perfect pair.
We were the two closest people in the world to her.
We were the two tallest guys in our school.
We were there a few days ago.
We were there a long time.
We were there for a good time.
We were there for a long time.
We were there for good.
We were there for three hours.
We were there last night.
We were there several days ago.
We were there the other day, wandering about aimlessly.
We were there under the aegis of Mr. Jackson.
We were there waiting.
We were there, but we didn't see you.
We were there, too.
We were there.
We were there. You weren't.
We were thick as thieves.
We were thinking about going there tomorrow.
We were thinking about her.
We were thinking of asking you to join our company.
We were thinking the same thing.
We were thirsty, tired and hungry.
We were thirsty.
We were thirty miles from Boston when we got a flat tire.
We were thoroughly satisfied with his work.
We were threatened.
We were three hours late.
We were thrilled by the news.
We were thrilled.
We were thrown out of school.
We were tied to our decision because we signed the contract.
We were tired and hungry.
We were tired of being treated that way.
We were tired of waiting.
We were tired out after our long walk.
We were tired.
We were to be married in May but had to postpone the marriage until June.
We were to have met there at seven.
We were to have met yesterday.
We were to have taken off at 4:30 p.m.
We were together a long time.
We were together about three years.
We were together for a long time, but then each one had to follow their own path.
We were together for a long time.
We were together for about three months.
We were together for an hour.
We were together for three months.
We were together in Australia.
We were together in Boston.
We were together.
We were told Tom and Mary are in danger.
We were told Tom had been in an accident.
We were told Tom is in danger.
We were told Tom wanted our help.
We were told Tom wanted to drop out of school.
We were told at that times that when the ogress "Ţeriel" removes her belt, then fell all the snakes, toads and lizards she kept to eat them later ... Once we were told those awful stories, we the children, we had only to sleep between the arms of our grandmothers to avoid the unavoidable nightmares.
We were told by him to leave the room at once.
We were told never to do that again.
We were told not to cross this line.
We were told not to do that again.
We were told not to do that anymore.
We were told not to do that.
We were told that food was urgently needed.
We were told that we wouldn't be allowed to do that.
We were told that, due to the snow, we may go home.
We were told this would happen.
We were told to do that.
We were told to shoot to kill.
We were told to sit here.
We were told to stay in the room.
We were told to stay on the ship.
We were told to stay put.
We were told to stop doing that.
We were told to wait.
We were told we could go home because of the snow.
We were too busy looking at our cellphones to notice that we'd almost missed our train.
We were too busy to do that.
We were too busy trying to survive to have much fun.
We were too different.
We were too late for dinner.
We were too late.
We were too late. When we got there, Jack had already left.
We were too optimistic.
We were too scared to do anything.
We were too slow.
We were tortured.
We were totally exhausted from the five-hour trip.
We were totally wasted.
We were tough guys.
We were tough.
We were touring the museum as a group.
We were trapped in a closet.
We were trapped.
We were traumatized by that incident.
We were traveling during the summer.
We were traveling together.
We were traveling with a friend.
We were travelling from sunrise till sunset.
We were travelling from sunrise until sunset.
We were travelling together.
We were treated as equals.
We were treated very kindly.
We were trembling with rage.
We were tricked.
We were tried.
We were truly surprised.
We were truthful.
We were trying for hours.
We were trying our best.
We were trying to climb the corporate ladder.
We were trying to help Tom.
We were trying to help her.
We were trying to help him.
We were trying to help them.
We were trying to help you.
We were trying to hitch a ride, but nobody stopped.
We were trying to impress Tom.
We were trying to impress them.
We were trying to keep that a secret.
We were trying to kill them.
We were trying to protect Tom.
We were trying to protect her.
We were trying to protect him.
We were trying to protect them.
We were trying to protect you.
We were trying to surprise Tom.
We were trying to take over that place.
We were two, but only had one heart.
We were two.
We were ugly.
We were unable to determine his whereabouts.
We were unable to find a way out.
We were unable to find the webpage that you requested.
We were unable to finish our homework in time.
We were unable to follow Tom's logic.
We were unable to follow his logic.
We were unable to help Tom and Mary do that.
We were unable to help Tom do that.
We were unable to make contact with them until it was too late.
We were unable to rescue Tom.
We were unable to rescue her.
We were unable to rescue him.
We were unable to rescue them.
We were unable to stay in Australia.
We were unable to stay in Boston.
We were unable to turn around in the one way traffic.
We were unarmed.
We were unaware that that was happening.
We were unaware that was happening.
We were unaware that we were being recorded.
We were unaware we were being recorded.
We were unconscious.
We were undecided for a long time about whether to invite them.
We were undefeated.
We were under attack.
We were under constant surveillance.
We were under pressure to do that.
We were underdressed and out of our league.
We were unfamiliar with that airport.
We were unharmed.
We were unlucky, that's all.
We were unlucky.
We were unrecognizable.
We were unsuccessful.
We were unsure what kind of person Tom would be and whether he would like living in the same house as us.
We were unsure what kind of person Tom would be and whether he would like to live in the same house as us.
We were unwilling to respond to you.
We were up all night talking.
We were up all night.
We were up front.
We were up.
We were upset about the new dress code.
We were upset.
We were used.
We were using a rock as a seat.
We were using it as a shelter.
We were utterly dismayed.
We were very aggressive.
We were very annoyed.
We were very busy last month.
We were very busy last week.
We were very busy today?
We were very busy.
We were very calm.
We were very careful.
We were very close friends and often visited each other's homes.
We were very close.
We were very comfortable.
We were very competitive.
We were very disappointed in that girl.
We were very disappointed to hear the news.
We were very disappointed with the results.
We were very disappointed.
We were very excited.
We were very fortunate.
We were very good friends and often visited each other's homes.
We were very happy until you came around.
We were very happy.
We were very hungry and ordered a bunch of starters until the steaks were done.
We were very hungry.
We were very impressed by Tom's new book.
We were very impressed by his new book.
We were very lucky to get this.
We were very lucky.
We were very motivated to do that.
We were very much an outdoor family.
We were very opportunistic.
We were very proud of our son.
We were very quick.
We were very sad.
We were very serious about it.
We were very sleepy the next morning.
We were very sorry that we couldn't help them.
We were very sorry we couldn't help them.
We were very surprised by that.
We were very surprised to see Tom doing that.
We were very surprised.
We were very tall.
We were very tired at the time.
We were very tired from the five-hour trip.
We were very tired, and to make matters worse, it began to rain.
We were very tired, so that we stayed home.
We were very tired, so we stayed home.
We were very tired.
We were very tired. That's why we stayed home.
We were waiting for Mom at home.
We were waiting for Tom for a long time.
We were waiting for Tom in vain. He didn't come.
We were waiting for Tom.
We were waiting for a sight of the Queen.
We were waiting for him for a long time.
We were waiting for him over a cup of coffee.
We were waiting for it.
We were waiting for my father at home for lunch.
We were waiting for my father to arrive home from work for lunch.
We were waiting for news from downstairs.
We were waiting for ten minutes.
We were waiting for that many years.
We were waiting for the boat for many hours.
We were waiting for the bus.
We were waiting for the shop to open.
We were waiting for them.
We were waiting for you.
We were waiting on him for ten minutes.
We were waiting tables.
We were waiting with bated breath.
We were waiting with roses.
We were waiting.
We were wakened by the whistle of the steam locomotive at dawn.
We were walking along a river.
We were walking and talking.
We were walking and we fell.
We were walking back home from practice.
We were walking hand in hand.
We were walking home.
We were walking in the woods.
We were walking into class.
We were walking on dead soldiers. This is the worst sight that a man ever wants to see.
We were walking on the deck.
We were walking on the shore in the evening.
We were walking to the mosque.
We were walking towards the airport’s exit.
We were walking.
We were wanted.
We were warmly welcomed.
We were warned to stay away.
We were warned.
We were washing up.
We were wasted.
We were wasting money.
We were watching Linda.
We were watching TV when the bell rang.
We were watching TV yesterday.
We were watching Tom.
We were watching YouTube.
We were watching a movie about the military dictatorship in Brazil.
We were watching a movie together as a family.
We were watching a movie.
We were watching a tank-transporting train crossing the bridge.
We were watching the bird eat the crumbs; then I sneezed, and he was gone in a flash.
We were watching the child at play.
We were watching the news in Berber.
We were watching the rainbow at the waterfall.
We were way too lenient on Tom.
We were weak.
We were wealthy.
We were welcomed at every turn.
We were welcomed by the Captain.
We were welcomed warmly.
We were well fed at the hotel.
We were well looked after.
We were well.
We were wet.
We were whispering.
We were whistling.
We were white.
We were willing to help, but they asked us to leave.
We were willing to take the risk.
We were winning.
We were with Tom yesterday.
We were with Tom.
We were with family that night.
We were with your mother.
We were without electricity for five days.
We were without electricity for three days.
We were witnesses of the accident.
We were woefully unprepared.
We were wonderful.
We were wondering who it was, and it turns out that it was you!
We were wont to meet at that pleasant spot.
We were working at the same print works.
We were working at the same printer's.
We were working at the same printing works.
We were working from morning to evening.
We were working hard on the project.
We were working late.
We were working there.
We were working together.
We were working.
We were worried about Tom.
We were worried about her ashen appearance.
We were worried about her.
We were worried about him.
We were worried about the kids.
We were worried about them.
We were worried about what might happen.
We were worried about you.
We were worried because we weren't getting any news.
We were worried sick about you!
We were worried sick about you.
We were worried sick.
We were worried something had happened.
We were worried that Mary might not make friends in Boston, but she seems to be doing OK.
We were worried that Tom and Mary might not make friends in Boston, but they seem to be doing OK.
We were worried that Tom might not make friends in Australia, but he seems to be doing OK.
We were worried that Tom might not make friends in Boston, but he seems to be doing OK.
We were worried that the bullet would lodge in his spine.
We were worried that we'd lose our way.
We were worried that you might've been injured.
We were worried we might miss the train.
We were worried we'd lose our way.
We were worried when we saw my dad coming.
We were worried.
We were worrying about Tom.
We were wounded.
We were writing letters.
We were wrong on both counts.
We were wrong to refuse Tom's help.
We were wrong.
We were wrongly accused.
We were young and carefree.
We were young and foolish back then.
We were young and happy-go-lucky.
We were young and wild.
We were young once, weren't we, Linda?
We were young once, weren’t we, Linda?
We were young then.
We were young.
We were younger then.
We weren't a good offensive team.
We weren't able to buy tickets, so we didn't go to the concert.
We weren't able to change anything.
We weren't able to close the deal.
We weren't able to determine her whereabouts.
We weren't able to do that.
We weren't able to find Mary's house.
We weren't able to find Tom's house.
We weren't able to find Tom.
We weren't able to find the bomb.
We weren't able to fix the leak.
We weren't able to get our cars started.
We weren't able to get the stain out of the carpet.
We weren't able to get what we needed.
We weren't able to get what we wanted.
We weren't able to help Tom and Mary do that.
We weren't able to help Tom do that.
We weren't able to help Tom.
We weren't able to persuade Tom not to do that.
We weren't able to persuade Tom to do that.
We weren't able to reach Tom in time.
We weren't able to reach Tom.
We weren't able to reach her.
We weren't able to reach him.
We weren't able to reach them.
We weren't able to rescue Tom.
We weren't able to revive Tom.
We weren't able to save them.
We weren't able to say what we wanted to say.
We weren't able to solve the problem as quickly as I thought we would.
We weren't able to solve the problem as quickly as we should've.
We weren't able to start our cars.
We weren't able to take Tom with us.
We weren't actually posing.
We weren't afraid of anyone.
We weren't afraid of death.
We weren't afraid.
We weren't all born with a silver spoon in our mouths.
We weren't all that busy.
We weren't all that hungry.
We weren't allowed backstage.
We weren't allowed into the building.
We weren't allowed to cross the bridge.
We weren't allowed to do that.
We weren't allowed to eat.
We weren't allowed to enter.
We weren't allowed to go into that cave.
We weren't allowed to leave the building.
We weren't allowed to leave until noon.
We weren't allowed to leave.
We weren't allowed to speak French.
We weren't allowed to take our children there.
We weren't allowed to talk.
We weren't always optimistic.
We weren't amused.
We weren't around.
We weren't as busy as I thought we'd be.
We weren't as prepared as we should have been.
We weren't as prepared as we should've been.
We weren't asked to do that.
We weren't asked to do this. We volunteered.
We weren't at home yesterday evening.
We weren't at home yesterday.
We weren't at home.
We weren't at our best today.
We weren't at our best.
We weren't at school because we were ill.
We weren't attacked.
We weren't aware of that.
We weren't aware of the time.
We weren't aware of what was going on.
We weren't aware that we were being recorded.
We weren't aware we were being recorded.
We weren't born yesterday.
We weren't briefed.
We weren't busy.
We weren't cautious enough.
We weren't clever enough.
We weren't cold.
We weren't complaining.
We weren't convinced by Tom's arguments.
We weren't defeated.
We weren't disappointed.
We weren't doing anything wrong.
We weren't doing anything!
We weren't doing anything.
We weren't done asking questions.
We weren't drunk.
We weren't especially good pupils at school.
We weren't even in Australia at that time.
We weren't even in Boston at that time.
We weren't even thinking about it.
We weren't exactly posing.
We weren't expecting Tom to do that.
We weren't expecting anyone. The guests arrived unannounced.
We weren't expecting that he would call to see us.
We weren't expecting this to happen.
We weren't expecting this.
We weren't expecting visitors.
We weren't expecting you so soon.
We weren't expecting you this early.
We weren't expecting you to do that for us.
We weren't expecting you to do that.
We weren't fighting.
We weren't fooled for a second.
We weren't forced to eat broccoli.
We weren't friends.
We weren't getting the job done.
We weren't given a chance.
We weren't given a choice.
We weren't given a fair chance.
We weren't given any details.
We weren't given any food or water.
We weren't given food or water.
We weren't given homework today.
We weren't given homework.
We weren't given much information.
We weren't given prior notice.
We weren't going to do that.
We weren't gone that long.
We weren't happy.
We weren't hiding.
We weren't home yesterday.
We weren't hungry.
We weren't hurt in the accident.
We weren't ill.
We weren't in Australia last summer.
We weren't in Australia last year.
We weren't in Australia with Tom.
We weren't in Australia.
We weren't in Boston last summer.
We weren't in Boston last year.
We weren't in Boston with Tom.
We weren't in Boston.
We weren't in the habit of winning.
We weren't invited to the opening ceremony.
We weren't invited to the party.
We weren't invited.
We weren't involved in that.
We weren't just listening to each other, but we heard each other.
We weren't kept waiting very long.
We weren't letting that opportunity slide.
We weren't looking for them.
We weren't lucky.
We weren't mad.
We weren't making fun of you.
We weren't married at that time.
We weren't married.
We weren't meant for each other.
We weren't passing notes.
We weren't paying attention.
We weren't planning to do that.
We weren't prepared for the assault.
We weren't prepared for this terrorist attack.
We weren't prepared for this.
We weren't prepared for what happened.
We weren't properly prepared.
We weren't ready for Tom.
We weren't ready for it.
We weren't ready for this.
We weren't ready for what happened.
We weren't ready for what was about to happen.
We weren't ready for what was going to happen.
We weren't ready.
We weren't real good at it.
We weren't really expecting to find anything.
We weren't really surprised when that happened.
We weren't right.
We weren't robbed.
We weren't satisfied with the results.
We weren't scared.
We weren't smart enough.
We weren't soldiers.
We weren't speaking in French.
We weren't studying.
We weren't supposed to be doing that.
We weren't supposed to do that.
We weren't sure about what you wanted to do.
We weren't sure if Tom wanted to go with us or not.
We weren't sure if it was an eagle, but whatever it was, it was really majestic.
We weren't sure whether Tom would do that or not.
We weren't sure.
We weren't surprised at all.
We weren't talking about Tom.
We weren't talking about you.
We weren't the ones who did that.
We weren't the ones who robbed the bank.
We weren't the ones who started the fight.
We weren't the ones you saw in that car.
We weren't there.
We weren't tired at all.
We weren't tired.
We weren't told about that.
We weren't told either.
We weren't told what to do.
We weren't told where Tom came from.
We weren't told where he came from.
We weren't treated as equals.
We weren't very clever.
We weren't very close.
We weren't very good.
We weren't very well prepared.
We weren't violent enough.
We weren't wasting our time.
We weren't wearing our boots.
We weren't wearing shoes.
We weren't with Tom.
We weren't worried about it.
We weren't yet ready to do that yesterday.
We weren’t able to buy tickets, so we didn’t go to the concert.
We weren’t able to determine her whereabouts.
We weren’t at home yesterday.
We weren’t aware of the time.
We who live in Japan share a considerable affinity with and interest in Brazil.
We will accept nothing less than full Victory! Good luck!
We will accept your conditions.
We will add new names to our list.
We will address Yanni as captain.
We will adopt your method at our school.
We will agree only under that condition.
We will all be playing in the dormitory tomorrow night, can you come?
We will all die, some quickly, others will take their time.
We will all die, sooner or later.
We will all die.
We will all have a good time in Kabylie.
We will all have to see death and look at deah right into its eyes, when it takes us all away.
We will all miss you when you leave.
We will all stand by you to the last.
We will all work together to finish this task on time.
We will already see it.
We will also not waver in our values and our principles as a nation.
We will also sample bottom algae and measure surface water quality (the level of nutrients and dissolved oxygen, for example) before and after these area homes and businesses are hooked up to the sewer to see if the health of the coves improves after the sewer hookup.
We will always be here for you.
We will arrange travel expenses for trips for research purposes, so go to whatever country you want to.
We will arrive at the destined station shortly.
We will arrive within an hour.
We will ask at a travel agency.
We will ask.
We will attack at dawn tomorrow.
We will attack at sunrise.
We will bargain with him.
We will be able to breed cows and sheep, for example.
We will be able to build farms and create fields there.
We will be able to raise cows and sheep, too.
We will be at home today.
We will be back at half past three.
We will be back in a few minutes.
We will be back in a short moment.
We will be back tonight.
We will be back.
We will be best friends forever.
We will be by your side for whatever you need.
We will be conducting an inspection on your stomach tomorrow morning at nine, so please do not ingest anything for twelve hours beforehand.
We will be doing business with a businessman from Algeria.
We will be doing the sights of Osaka about this time tomorrow.
We will be done in at most an hour.
We will be eating leftovers this evening.
We will be enjoying the beautiful scenery of Switzerland.
We will be enjoying the life in Paris next month.
We will be explaining the difficulty of using sentiment analysis to mine text from an online gaming community.
We will be filming at Nuja’s school.
We will be happy to cooperate.
We will be happy to help.
We will be having a very quick meeting today during lunch.
We will be having some guests tonight.
We will be here for the rest of our lives.
We will be here tomorrow.
We will be honest with you.
We will be in trouble.
We will be landing at Tokyo International Airport momentarily.
We will be landing in 15 minutes.
We will be living here next month.
We will be living in England.
We will be living together.
We will be loved.
We will be proud of ourselves.
We will be rich.
We will be safer here.
We will be seeing him tonight.
We will be seeing pink dolphins, which are in the rivers of the Amazon.
We will be seeing you again before long.
We will be six.
We will be so fucked!
We will be studying at the University of San Francisco in September.
We will be studying very hard this time next year.
We will be taking off shortly.
We will be taking the same plane.
We will be together forever.
We will be very happy if we have another child.
We will be very happy if we have another daughter.
We will be visited by a health inspector tomorrow afternoon.
We will be waiting for them at the airport in three days.
We will be willing to make a deal with you after the auction.
We will become happy in the long run.
We will begin as soon as possible.
We will begin by considering the concept of "quota".
We will begin the match when he comes.
We will begin the meeting when Bob comes.
We will begin the party when he comes.
We will bring Tom.
We will bring trouble upon ourselves.
We will bury you all.
We will bury you.
We will buy a new couch.
We will buy a new sofa.
We will buy bread.
We will call you when your order arrives.
We will call you when your package arrives.
We will call you when your package has arrived.
We will carry you.
We will catch her anyway.
We will catch you.
We will cause problems for ourselves.
We will celebrate Eid ul-Fitr tomorrow.
We will celebrate after Tom has been released from jail.
We will celebrate with Tom.
We will certainly arrive between 12 and 1.
We will change it.
We will check everything in the most thorough way.
We will check it.
We will check to see if what you have said is really the truth.
We will clarify what is true and what is false.
We will close around 7 p.m.
We will come back in 10 minutes.
We will come back tomorrow.
We will come back when everything is ready.
We will come together.
We will come.
We will compensate you well.
We will conclude our overview, however, with a positive example.
We will confirm your order as follows.
We will consider the problem from a different angle.
We will consider this.
We will consider your proposal.
We will consider your suggestion.
We will contact you as soon as we know.
We will continue our work to save giraffes across Ethiopia.
We will continue our work to save giraffes.
We will continue the discussion.
We will continue the legacy.
We will continue the meeting after some light refreshments.
We will continue the search.
We will continue to expose Hitler's big lie that the Soviet Union is threatening the United States.
We will continue to go without classes, without public administrations and without recreational activities or performances.
We will create it.
We will crop the field with cotton this year.
We will cross the street now.
We will cut down the oak tree.
We will damage your clothes.
We will deal with it when it happens.
We will deal with that question in the next lesson.
We will deal with the diplomatic consequences later.
We will deal with this problem in Chapter Three.
We will debate this subject at the meeting.
We will decide later.
We will defeat them.
We will defend Algeria anywhere at any time to the last drop of our blood.
We will defend Algeria no matter what.
We will defend Algeria to the last drop of our blood.
We will defend Algeria's unity no matter what.
We will defend Tom.
We will defend the colors of Algeria, no matter what.
We will definitely touch base with you guys.
We will deliver the products within 30 days after the date of Purchase Order.
We will deliver up to the airport of the island.
We will destroy our nuclear weapons with America.
We will die sooner or later.
We will die.
We will disappear before these old olive trees disappear.
We will discuss that later.
We will discuss the problem with them.
We will discuss this book next lesson.
We will discuss this problem later.
We will divide the large area of family land equally between our children.
We will do anything for you.
We will do everything in our power not only to bring the cultural treasures back, but to capture the perpetrators.
We will do everything we can.
We will do good and important business.
We will do it one more time.
We will do it when Tom leaves.
We will do it, whether you like it or not.
We will do it.
We will do nothing against your will.
We will do our best to solve your problem.
We will do our best.
We will do out best to help Western Sahara and Palestine.
We will drink to your health.
We will eat a delicious cherry.
We will eat a mixed dish tonight.
We will eat here.
We will eat lunch together at 12:30.
We will eat our cake.
We will eat sauce.
We will eat the grapes when the bell strikes midnight.
We will eat together at 12:30 in the afternoon.
We will eat what we catch.
We will eat your chocolate.
We will eat, and then go straight to bed.
We will elect whoever we believe is worthy.
We will employ a man who can speak English.
We will end today's lesson here.
We will endeavour to finish the job by the end of the week.
We will evaluate them and send you the results of our findings as soon as we can.
We will eventually meet today.
We will exempt you from attending.
We will explain.
We will explore every planet that goes around the sun.
We will explore why the writers of the Constitution included guarantees of freedom of speech and religion, and the right to a fair and public trial.
We will feel nauseated.
We will fight again!
We will fight and die for Algeria.
We will fight for Algeria.
We will fight for Tom.
We will fight to the last.
We will fight until Hell freezes over. And afterward, we will fight on the ice.
We will fight.
We will figure something out!
We will finally prevail.
We will find Tom.
We will find a safe place for Tom.
We will find a solution for our problems.
We will find another supplier.
We will find her.
We will find that out.
We will find them.
We will find you a lovely Kabyle dress.
We will find you a lovely Kabyle dress. What size are you?
We will finish it.
We will finish serving our sentence next month.
We will finish the book tomorrow.
We will first ascertain the cause of the disaster.
We will first describe the cause of the catastrophe.
We will fix this.
We will flatter him.
We will fly in a helicopter.
We will follow Tom wherever he goes.
We will follow your demands and make the necessary corrections to those parts that need them.
We will forever live there.
We will fortify the gates with iron bars.
We will free you from the elevator.
We will get a new teacher.
We will get at Semaoun first.
We will get back to you within 3 working days.
We will get married in June.
We will get the result we want by other means.
We will get there in two hours.
We will get these.
We will get through the jungle somehow.
We will get through this.
We will get to Tokyo Station at noon.
We will get to Tokyo before it gets dark.
We will get to that in a minute.
We will give Father a birthday present.
We will give her a present on her birthday.
We will give importance to culture and knowledge.
We will give them moral support.
We will give value to culture and science.
We will go but you won't.
We will go but you won’t.
We will go by our vehicle.
We will go by walking.
We will go eat at Mary's this evening.
We will go fishing, as soon as the rain has subsided.
We will go fishing, if we get the chance.
We will go fishing, right after we eat.
We will go for a walk even if it rains.
We will go for a walk, unless it rains.
We will go in to see him.
We will go off duty tomorrow.
We will go on a picnic if it is fine tomorrow.
We will go on a picnic tomorrow.
We will go there whether with Tom, or without him.
We will go there with Tom.
We will go three days' journey into the wilderness; and we will sacrifice to the Lord our God, as he hath commanded us.
We will go to At Rzine.
We will go to Beijing and Shanghai.
We will go to Tazmalt.
We will go to clear our minds.
We will go to distract ourselves.
We will go to the hospital with you.
We will go to the village, if we have time tomorrow.
We will go to their place tomorrow.
We will go to watch TV.
We will go tomorrow.
We will go, but without you.
We will go.
We will grant you a special discount of 5% provided that you could guarantee placing regular orders.
We will grow old and become grey.
We will harvest our wheat in July.
We will haunt you.
We will have a discussion concerning the prognosis.
We will have a math class tomorrow.
We will have a math quiz tomorrow.
We will have a meeting at his house this evening.
We will have a meeting tomorrow at ten, okay?
We will have a music contest soon.
We will have a party.
We will have a period of orientation for freshmen.
We will have a picknick provided that the weather is nice.
We will have a quiz at the end of class today.
We will have a quiz on binomial nomenclature next week.
We will have a small comfortable house.
We will have an English test next Monday.
We will have an English test this afternoon.
We will have been married for ten years on this day next week.
We will have been studying English for five years next February.
We will have breakfast at eight o'clock.
We will have breakfast.
We will have brought you to the hospital afterwards.
We will have difficulties to meet our basic needs.
We will have dinner at eight.
We will have dinner.
We will have grown old by the time you learn Greek.
We will have guests tomorrow.
We will have known each other for three years next Christmas.
We will have learned English for five years next year.
We will have little snow this winter.
We will have lived here for a year next March.
We will have lived here for ten years at the end of this month.
We will have lived in Kyoto for eight years next March.
We will have lunch together at twelve-thirty.
We will have much fun.
We will have our revenge!
We will have our vengeance!
We will have reached the village by midnight.
We will have several drinks.
We will have simultaneous Berber translation once it's ready.
We will have some guests tomorrow.
We will have some nice weather.
We will have some visitors one of these days.
We will have something to eat first.
We will have soup.
We will have to ask Tom for help.
We will have to call on our friends to help us.
We will have to consider each application on a case-by-case basis.
We will have to do something.
We will have to get over the feeling of helplessness.
We will have to postpone Tom's visit.
We will have to postpone the game.
We will have to postpone the meeting.
We will have to put off the soccer game because of the bad weather.
We will have to rely on robotic missions to explore outer space for a long time.
We will have to set out early tomorrow morning.
We will have to stop this project for want of funds.
We will have to take off our shoes before going in.
We will have to take on someone to do Tom’s work.
We will have to upgrade our servers.
We will have to wait.
We will head next for Algeria.
We will heat the water.
We will help Tom to find a job.
We will help as many people as we can.
We will help as much as possible.
We will help as much as we can.
We will help him if he asks us.
We will help the poor.
We will help with everything we can.
We will help you log in.
We will help you order the stock.
We will hide away where no one knows.
We will hide.
We will hire a new director.
We will hold Tom accountable.
We will hold out until the end.
We will honor the judges.
We will hunt weasels.
We will hurry home after the rain.
We will implement a reconsidered North-South cooperation mechanism.
We will include public interest material and several trials where our users will have access to and be able to enrich or experiment with all the variety of products we offer.
We will include the usual acknowledgments.
We will increase the rent next month.
We will insincerely praise him.
We will intervene.
We will interview two people so we can hear both sides of this question.
We will invent it.
We will investigate the problem and deal with it as we see fit.
We will join you soon.
We will just go to the market.
We will just have to make the best of it.
We will keep it for you until you leave.
We will keep on fighting.
We will keep the peace at all costs.
We will keep the room warm.
We will keep you informed of things that happen here in Japan.
We will know the truth before long.
We will later analyse the results to find out what went wrong, as we do not want to repeat the same mistakes in the future.
We will lead not only by the example of our power, but by the power of our example.
We will learn a new song today.
We will learn the Abjad in this lesson.
We will learn the parts of the body in French.
We will learn together.
We will leave as soon as Tom arrives.
We will leave as soon as he comes.
We will leave as soon as she comes.
We will leave at seven o'clock in the morning.
We will leave in an hour.
We will leave right after dinner.
We will leave soon.
We will leave the dog at my parents' house during the vacation.
We will leave this question aside for the moment.
We will leave to forget.
We will let him try.
We will let you know the time and date of the meeting soon.
We will let you know what's new.
We will like it.
We will live here next month.
We will live together.
We will lose weight.
We will lose.
We will lump all the expenses together.
We will lump together all expenses.
We will make an exception of your case.
We will make do with this.
We will make every effort to do so.
We will make it public.
We will make it.
We will make sure our involvement is never unwanted or unhelpful.
We will make the difference.
We will make the legs of that chair longer.
We will make the payment by bank transfer.
We will make up for the loss.
We will make virtue a necessity.
We will make you feel good.
We will make you feel happy.
We will meet Tom here.
We will meet after you have finished your work.
We will meet again someday.
We will meet again.
We will meet at the station.
We will meet face to face tomorrow.
We will meet her tomorrow in front of the train station.
We will meet tomorrow in the school.
We will meet tomorrow morning at 8, so don't be late.
We will meet up when you return!
We will miss him.
We will miss you badly.
We will miss you for ever.
We will miss you terribly if you leave Japan.
We will mobilize all of the lawyers of the company.
We will move into our new house next month if it is completed by then.
We will need Tom for it.
We will need a lot of money in France.
We will need more time.
We will need this to survive.
We will need to add texts for children.
We will need to remit the case to a superior court.
We will need to replace the front bumper.
We will never agree.
We will never be able to return to the way things were in the past.
We will never be safe unless that dragon is killed.
We will never be silent.
We will never betray the cause.
We will never countenance terrorism.
We will never do it again.
We will never end with impudence!
We will never fall in love again.
We will never fall.
We will never forget Tom.
We will never forget about you.
We will never forget the crimes committed during the rule of Nazism.
We will never forget the day the typhoon ruined the crops.
We will never forget your kindness.
We will never forget.
We will never get done if we fool around any longer.
We will never give in to terrorist demands.
We will never give up!
We will never know how Fadil managed to be acquitted of both of those crimes.
We will never know how he's feeling.
We will never know how it feels.
We will never know if he is trustworthy.
We will never know.
We will never leave.
We will never let them destroy Algeria.
We will never speak to each other again.
We will never stand down.
We will never stop defending the Berber language.
We will never stop.
We will never support terrorism.
We will never surrender!
We will never surrender.
We will never use a computer again.
We will never use those.
We will never yield to force.
We will not add more pictures to our magazine.
We will not back down to the mob in any sort of way.
We will not be able to send the package first thing tomorrow morning.
We will not be back today.
We will not be back tomorrow.
We will not be beholden to special interests.
We will not be jealous.
We will not be leaving, neither there nor anywhere else.
We will not be talking about anything.
We will not bend to the will of a tyrant.
We will not do it.
We will not drive tomorrow.
We will not entertain the children.
We will not fail.
We will not go to school today.
We will not let Kabyle disappear.
We will not need to add artificial substances to our food.
We will not play tennis.
We will not see each other for long.
We will not stay long.
We will not study English together this evening.
We will not surrender.
We will not swim in this cold water.
We will not tolerate anyone who engages in terrorism.
We will not tolerate such actions.
We will not work tomorrow.
We will not worship anyone other than Allah.
We will notify you in advance.
We will notify you when your order arrives.
We will now report on this year's business results.
We will now report on this year’s business results.
We will only be able to doze off when the water and the fire have calmed down.
We will only carry our possessions.
We will only consent on that condition.
We will only consider placing an order if you reduce the price by 5%.
We will only gather what belongs to us.
We will only take our belongings.
We will outlast you all.
We will outlive them.
We will outlive you all.
We will overcome it with Tom.
We will paint the fence tomorrow.
We will pay our friends a visit.
We will pay this amount by June 30.
We will pay you according to the amount of work you do.
We will persuade you.
We will pester him with heaps of questions.
We will play Minami High School tomorrow.
We will play a tennis match.
We will play against Minami High School tomorrow.
We will play baseball now.
We will play football after school.
We will play soccer after school.
We will plunge into a worse crisis.
We will post the announcement in all the staff lounges.
We will pray in the mosque.
We will prepare for a boycott against Western Samoa.
We will present our idea to the committee.
We will prevail.
We will probably all be dead within 50 years.
We will probably arrive at Tokyo station at noon.
We will proceed with the hearing on Wednesday fortnight.
We will protect you.
We will prove that P is a partially ordered set.
We will provide him with that help.
We will punish them.
We will purchase a new car next week.
We will push this back to later; it's not urgent.
We will put everything over there.
We will put this matter on hold until he replies tomorrow.
We will put up spotlights.
We will quiver with terror.
We will reach London before dark.
We will reach Tokyo before dark.
We will reach our goal.
We will reap rich rewards later on in life.
We will recall him.
We will refund you the surplus amount.
We will reimburse you for any expenses.
We will reimburse you with the surplus amount.
We will remember Katia Bengana.
We will remember him.
We will remember this as a great day.
We will reminisce about him.
We will replace the current version with the upgrade.
We will report the results when known.
We will rescue her.
We will rescue them.
We will respect your wishes.
We will rest a bit.
We will rest when we get home.
We will resume the discussion again but we will adress the key points next time.
We will retire early tonight, and perhaps things may seem more cheerful in the morning.
We will return home after one hour.
We will return in a month.
We will return sooner or later.
We will return to reality.
We will run short of oil some day.
We will run.
We will see each other again.
We will see each other in the village.
We will see each other on Friday.
We will see each other tonight.
We will see her.
We will see how the situation in Algeria evolves in the coming days.
We will see if we have any time left over.
We will see to it that he answers for what he has done.
We will see whether he will recognize me or not.
We will see you there.
We will seek the truth.
We will send someone over as soon as possible.
We will send the man fine horses.
We will separate our home's large land equally for our children.
We will set limits for her.
We will set limits for him.
We will set off after the morning prayer.
We will set our watch by Japan Time.
We will set up a notice in front of the machine for safety's sake.
We will set up a notice in front of the machine for safety’s sake.
We will settle once and for all who is the best.
We will settle once for all who is the best.
We will shake from fright.
We will share our marbles.
We will share.
We will sharpen the knives.
We will ship the product immediately after receiving your order.
We will shortly be arriving at Frankfurt Central Station. Please exit through the doors on the right.
We will shortly be arriving in Penzance. This train terminates here.
We will show you all the historical sites of Kabylie.
We will show you how to catch a fish.
We will shut up our store on Saturday.
We will sign it for you.
We will simplify our work.
We will sing "Auld Lang Syne" at the stroke of midnight.
We will sleep at their place.
We will sleep well tonight.
We will solve this through legal means.
We will someday make the world a better place.
We will soon achieve our goal.
We will soon be having snow.
We will soon be ready for the party.
We will soon have no more petrol.
We will soon most likely be charged for garbage disposal by how much of it there is.
We will soon take off.
We will speak.
We will stand by you whatever happens.
We will start as soon as possible.
We will start at 6 a.m. on August 20.
We will start at two o'clock if it has stopped raining by that time.
We will start at two o’clock if it has stopped raining by that time.
We will start crying.
We will start soon.
We will start tomorrow, if the weather allows.
We will start tomorrow, weather permitting.
We will start when he comes.
We will start work soon.
We will starve to death.
We will stay at home rather than get there so late.
We will stay awake forever.
We will stay by your side.
We will stay here until Sunday.
We will stay in your house for at least two hours.
We will steal you from yourself.
We will step in.
We will stop right here to have a snack.
We will stop that.
We will study the Carioca accent.
We will study the chemistry behind fertilization.
We will study the underlying molecular occurrences of fertilization.
We will study.
We will succeed.
We will suffer.
We will survive with God's help!
We will survive.
We will swim in the ocean as soon as it gets warm.
We will take a quick break.
We will take a rest soon.
We will take advantage of this chance.
We will take care of him when he comes back home.
We will take care of this for you.
We will take care of you, Mother.
We will take care of your house.
We will take it to the potential customers.
We will take off in a few minutes.
We will take our share.
We will take over the world.
We will take part in a tennis match.
We will take part in the marathon.
We will take the path laid out by our father.
We will take the train at eight.
We will take them.
We will take these matters up one by one.
We will take your proposal into consideration.
We will take your suggestion into consideration.
We will talk about it.
We will talk about this later.
We will talk about this soon.
We will talk after the lesson.
We will talk over the matter later.
We will talk to her before she leaves the office.
We will teach Tom some manners.
We will teach him to read and write.
We will terrorize the terrorists.
We will threaten them.
We will tidy up our room so that Mom is satisfied.
We will transfer to a train here.
We will travel if the car is ready.
We will travel to Los Angeles by way of Hawaii.
We will treat him as a benefactor and a friend, not as a slave.
We will tremble with fear.
We will trigger a revolution in the IT industry.
We will trust you.
We will try another tactic.
We will try everything to win this game.
We will try to contact your parents.
We will try to correct it in order to straighten out our finances.
We will try to sort it out.
We will turn the world into a paradise.
We will ultimately beat the algorithm.
We will use it as shelter from rain.
We will use the mean of all values as an average.
We will value culture and learning.
We will visit Denmark.
We will visit Mr Smith tomorrow.
We will visit New Zealand.
We will visit our siblings.
We will visit our teacher next week.
We will visit the Caribbean.
We will visit them soon.
We will visit you occasionally.
We will visit you sometime.
We will visit you.
We will vote to decide the winner.
We will wait for nightfall.
We will wait for the situation to be clearer.
We will wait for you in the plaza.
We will wait for you there.
We will warn him.
We will wash dishes.
We will watch.
We will welcome whoever wants to come to the party.
We will welcome you here.
We will win easily.
We will win the battle.
We will win the day.
We will win!
We will win.
We will work together to clean all that mess.
We will work until everything is done.
We win as a team, and we lose as a team.
We wiped everything off the table.
We wish Tom a quick recovery.
We wish Tom continued success.
We wish Tom success.
We wish Tom the best.
We wish Tom well.
We wish everyone a happy trip.
We wish for fraternity to prevail over discord.
We wish friendship.
We wish good luck to our team of young athletes from Kabylia.
We wish her many happy years in the future.
We wish him a speedy recovery.
We wish him all success in his future endeavor.
We wish him all the best of luck in his future endeavors.
We wish him the best in his future endeavors.
We wish him well in his future endeavors.
We wish long life to those who bring the Kabyle language to life.
We wish that you were here.
We wish them all the best.
We wish them well.
We wish these people would leave.
We wish they would share their data.
We wish to accompany you.
We wish to advise you of the following price reductions.
We wish to bring them along.
We wish to get even.
We wish to go with you.
We wish to improve ourselves.
We wish to invite Peter to Japan in the near future.
We wish to lighten the burden.
We wish to quote a part of your paper in our new catalogue.
We wish to remain what we are.
We wish to see our father.
We wish to speak to Tom.
We wish to speak to her.
We wish to speak to him.
We wish to speak to them.
We wish to speak to you.
We wish we could buy a truck like this.
We wish we could do more to help.
We wish we could fly.
We wish we could have done more to help.
We wish we could have done more.
We wish we could speak Berber.
We wish we could've done more to help.
We wish we could've done more.
We wish we didn't have to take a test in English.
We wish we didn’t have to take a test in English.
We wish you a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year.
We wish you a Merry Christmas.
We wish you a happy Christmas and a happy New Year.
We wish you a happy birthday, Mr. General Director!
We wish you a happy birthday.
We wish you a pleasant flight.
We wish you a pleasant journey.
We wish you a pleasant ride.
We wish you a pleasant stay!
We wish you a splendid year.
We wish you a very enjoyable weekend!
We wish you all the best.
We wish you and your family a very happy holiday.
We wish you continued success.
We wish you happiness.
We wish you luck.
We wish you much happiness!
We wish you success.
We wish you the best of luck in your endeavors.
We wish you the best of luck, Tom.
We wish you well, Tom.
We wish you well.
We wish you were here.
We wished each other good luck.
We wished each other good night.
We wished each other well and parted company.
We witnessed a total solar eclipse.
We wives have to stick together.
We woke at dawn.
We woke to terrible news this morning.
We woke up after midnight.
We woke up around the same time.
We woke up at the crack of dawn.
We woke up in the middle of the night.
We woke up sweaty.
We woke up to the loud sound of helicopters.
We woke up together.
We woke up very early in order to see the sunrise.
We woke up.
We women want you men to know that we don't agree with you.
We women want you men to know we don't agree with you.
We won 6-2 in today's competition.
We won a free car.
We won a lot.
We won a victory for Palestine here tonight.
We won again.
We won all three games.
We won an award for it.
We won by a small number of votes.
We won by three points.
We won hands down, because the other players were weak.
We won prizes in the spelling competition.
We won six to two.
We won that match.
We won that war.
We won the battle.
We won the bet.
We won the bronze medal.
We won the challenge.
We won the championship.
We won the competition.
We won the contest!
We won the contest.
We won the fight.
We won the game by three goals to one.
We won the game.
We won the games.
We won the lottery.
We won the match by 10 to 4.
We won the match.
We won the national championship last year.
We won the trophy.
We won the war.
We won this time.
We won three games.
We won three times in a row.
We won today, so our losing streak is over.
We won today.
We won!
We won't accept that.
We won't accept this.
We won't actually be doing that.
We won't agree to that.
We won't allow Tom to do that either.
We won't allow it.
We won't allow that to happen.
We won't allow this to go on.
We won't allow this to happen.
We won't amount to anything.
We won't approach the enemy.
We won't arrest you today.
We won't ask anymore.
We won't back down.
We won't be able to afford it.
We won't be able to arrive at the harbor in time. Let's take a shortcut.
We won't be able to arrive home in time.
We won't be able to avoid being punished this time.
We won't be able to avoid running into Tom.
We won't be able to buy our way out of this mess.
We won't be able to capture Tom.
We won't be able to catch Tom.
We won't be able to change anything.
We won't be able to change that.
We won't be able to correct everything.
We won't be able to defend ourselves.
We won't be able to do anything without your help.
We won't be able to do it without your help.
We won't be able to do more than this.
We won't be able to do that if Tom doesn't help us.
We won't be able to do that today.
We won't be able to do that without your help.
We won't be able to do that.
We won't be able to do this alone.
We won't be able to eat all this.
We won't be able to escape punishment this time.
We won't be able to escape.
We won't be able to evade punishment this time.
We won't be able to fall asleep until the fire and water have subsided.
We won't be able to find you another lawyer.
We won't be able to finish this job today.
We won't be able to fool Tom.
We won't be able to get back to Australia until next Monday.
We won't be able to get back to Boston until next Monday.
We won't be able to get near Tom.
We won't be able to get out of this cell.
We won't be able to get the door open without a key.
We won't be able to get there on time.
We won't be able to get to the bank before it closes.
We won't be able to help Tom.
We won't be able to help them.
We won't be able to hide it forever.
We won't be able to keep this a secret forever.
We won't be able to keep this secret forever.
We won't be able to learn all of the words by heart.
We won't be able to make that change.
We won't be able to make up that loss even if we tried.
We won't be able to make up that loss.
We won't be able to meet your needs.
We won't be able to milk her until she gives birth.
We won't be able to open the door without a key.
We won't be able to pull this off without some help.
We won't be able to replace it.
We won't be able to save Tom.
We won't be able to see the flowers in spring.
We won't be able to solve all these problems today.
We won't be able to solve this problem on our own.
We won't be able to stay here very long.
We won't be able to stay in Australia as long as we wanted to.
We won't be able to stay in Boston as long as we wanted to.
We won't be able to stop Tom from doing that.
We won't be able to survive here.
We won't be able to survive too much longer unless help arrives.
We won't be able to survive too much longer.
We won't be able to survive very much longer.
We won't be able to survive without your help.
We won't be able to take Tom with us.
We won't be able to understand it.
We won't be all alone.
We won't be allowed to do that again.
We won't be allowed to do that anymore.
We won't be allowed to do that here.
We won't be allowed to do that until we get older.
We won't be allowed to do that, no matter how much we might want to.
We won't be allowed to do that.
We won't be back any time soon.
We won't be back here again until next year.
We won't be back today.
We won't be back tomorrow.
We won't be back.
We won't be beholden to special interests.
We won't be buying anything.
We won't be doing that again.
We won't be doing that any more.
We won't be doing that anymore.
We won't be doing that.
We won't be doing this tomorrow.
We won't be fooled again.
We won't be fooled.
We won't be forgiven.
We won't be forgotten.
We won't be found.
We won't be getting married.
We won't be going back to Australia anytime soon.
We won't be going back to Boston anytime soon.
We won't be going to Australia anytime soon.
We won't be going to Boston anytime soon.
We won't be going to Tom's party.
We won't be hearing from Tom for quite some time.
We won't be here after 2.30 p.m.
We won't be here after 2.30 pm.
We won't be here after 2:30.
We won't be here much longer.
We won't be here the day after tomorrow.
We won't be here tomorrow.
We won't be hiring any more people.
We won't be in Boston next Monday.
We won't be in Boston until Monday.
We won't be in Boston until next Monday.
We won't be in time for the meeting.
We won't be intimidated.
We won't be judged.
We won't be late.
We won't be leaving town before spring.
We won't be long.
We won't be making the same mistakes.
We won't be merciful either.
We won't be on time.
We won't be permitted to do that again.
We won't be pushed around.
We won't be putting Tom in the first team for the time being.
We won't be ready until 2:30.
We won't be safe here.
We won't be seeing Auntie Jo this time round – maybe next time.
We won't be silenced.
We won't be silent.
We won't be staying in Australia for very long.
We won't be staying in Boston for very long.
We won't be swimming in the river.
We won't be talking about that at all.
We won't be teaching French here next year.
We won't be the first ones to get off the bus.
We won't be unreasonable.
We won't be working tomorrow.
We won't begin without your consent.
We won't bite.
We won't bother you too long.
We won't bother you.
We won't call Tom.
We won't call until the deal is done.
We won't catch her.
We won't catch him.
We won't catch it.
We won't change anything.
We won't change our minds.
We won't come again.
We won't come to Boston next week.
We won't come to the office tomorrow morning.
We won't come.
We won't complicate it any more.
We won't condone any corruption.
We won't cook for them.
We won't cry.
We won't die.
We won't discuss our plans with you.
We won't do it again.
We won't do it if Tom leaves.
We won't do it until Tom leaves.
We won't do it without you.
We won't do it.
We won't do that again.
We won't do that any more.
We won't do that anymore.
We won't do that today.
We won't do that without their permission.
We won't do that without you.
We won't do that.
We won't do what Tom said he wants us to do.
We won't do what Tom says he wants us to do.
We won't dwell on it.
We won't eat that much.
We won't eat that.
We won't eat.
We won't ever abandon you.
We won't ever be able to come back.
We won't ever do that again.
We won't ever do that.
We won't ever forget your generosity.
We won't ever lie to you.
We won't fail.
We won't find out this year.
We won't finish this today.
We won't fire Tom.
We won't force anybody to do that.
We won't force anyone to do that.
We won't forget Tom anytime soon.
We won't forget Tom.
We won't forget them.
We won't forget you.
We won't forget your kindness.
We won't forget.
We won't forgive you.
We won't get another chance like this one.
We won't get another chance like this.
We won't get another chance to do that anytime in the near future.
We won't get another chance to do that.
We won't get another chance.
We won't get any further here without Tom. Will you ring him?
We won't get any further with this without Tom. Will you ring him?
We won't get any sleep tonight.
We won't get anywhere with you.
We won't get away with this.
We won't get back home today.
We won't get caught.
We won't get cold.
We won't get fooled again.
We won't get off this island alive.
We won't get paid extra for doing that.
We won't get paid extra for doing this.
We won't get scared.
We won't get the chance to do that again.
We won't get to Boston before dark.
We won't get to Boston until after dark.
We won't get to you until tomorrow.
We won't give her anything.
We won't give him anything.
We won't give them anything.
We won't give up hope.
We won't give up that easily.
We won't give up when we've almost reached the goal.
We won't give up without a fight.
We won't give you anything.
We won't go any further.
We won't go back there again.
We won't go back to Boston.
We won't go back to normal because normal was the problem.
We won't go back to normality because normality was the problem.
We won't go for a walk if the weather's bad.
We won't go home until this job is done.
We won't go if it rains.
We won't go on foot.
We won't go out if it doesn't stop raining.
We won't go out unless it stops raining.
We won't go to Boston next week.
We won't go to Tom's party.
We won't go to school today.
We won't go to the cinema with Tom.
We won't go to the hospital.
We won't go without you.
We won't go.
We won't have a chance to do that.
We won't have a choice.
We won't have a problem.
We won't have another chance like this.
We won't have another chance to do that anytime in the near future.
We won't have any problems, will we?
We won't have class next week.
We won't have enough fuel to get to the other side.
We won't have enough time to do that before Tom gets here.
We won't have much snow this winter.
We won't have much time.
We won't have the chance to do that again.
We won't have time to do anything else today.
We won't have time to do that today.
We won't have time to do that.
We won't have time to do today.
We won't have time to help you today.
We won't have to wait long.
We won't have to work very hard.
We won't hear from Tom.
We won't hear from her.
We won't hear from him.
We won't hear from them.
We won't help Tom.
We won't hesitate to fight back.
We won't hold that against you.
We won't hold this against you.
We won't hurt Tom.
We won't hurt you.
We won't immigrate to Canada.
We won't insist.
We won't join you for drinks.
We won't keep making the same mistakes.
We won't keep you too long.
We won't know until Monday night.
We won't know until October 20th.
We won't know until October.
We won't know until next year.
We won't know until we try.
We won't know whether we can do it or not unless we try.
We won't know whether we can do that or not unless we try.
We won't know.
We won't leave anyone here by themselves.
We won't leave early.
We won't leave until Monday evening.
We won't leave until after dark.
We won't leave until the game is over.
We won't leave without Tom.
We won't leave you behind.
We won't let Tom die.
We won't let Tom do that either.
We won't let Tom spoil our plans.
We won't let Tom starve.
We won't let anything happen to you, I promise.
We won't let it happen again.
We won't let that happen to you.
We won't let that happen.
We won't let the dogs go hungry.
We won't let the government trample on our rights.
We won't let them down.
We won't let them escape.
We won't let them in.
We won't let them kill you.
We won't let those hatemongers destroy Algeria.
We won't let up on our vigilance.
We won't let you die.
We won't let you down.
We won't let you escape.
We won't let you in.
We won't let you pass away.
We won't let you see them.
We won't let you smoke crack here. Put it down immediately!
We won't let you smoke crack in our house. Put it down immediately!
We won't lie to you.
We won't lift a finger in your defense.
We won't likely be able to prove that.
We won't likely hear from Tom.
We won't lose.
We won't lower our expectations.
We won't make any progress with just the two of us.
We won't make it on time, even if we go faster.
We won't make it on time, even if we run.
We won't make it.
We won't make this mistake again.
We won't make you wait too long.
We won't meet again.
We won't miss you.
We won't need any help until Monday.
We won't need it.
We won't need money.
We won't need ten minutes to finish all of the pancakes.
We won't need that until Monday.
We won't need these.
We won't need to worry about Tom.
We won't need your help today.
We won't press charges against Tom.
We won't put up with any nonsense.
We won't quit now.
We won't quit searching until Tom and Mary are found.
We won't quit searching until Tom is found.
We won't quit.
We won't really need to do that.
We won't really need to do very much.
We won't really need to say much.
We won't relax on the trip because we'll walk a lot.
We won't return to normalcy because normalcy was the problem.
We won't say a word.
We won't say anything.
We won't see Tom again.
We won't see Tom anymore.
We won't see Tom around here anymore.
We won't see Tom there.
We won't see Tom.
We won't see each other again for a long time.
We won't see each other again.
We won't see her again.
We won't see him again.
We won't see them again.
We won't see them.
We won't see you again.
We won't sell our land.
We won't sharpen the knives.
We won't shirk our responsibilities.
We won't sing.
We won't sit in the front.
We won't speak about it any more.
We won't speak about that any more.
We won't speak again.
We won't speak of this matter again.
We won't speak to them.
We won't stand a chance.
We won't start class today.
We won't start the meeting until Tom and Mary come.
We won't start the meeting until Tom comes.
We won't start the meeting until Tom gets here.
We won't start the meeting until he comes.
We won't start the meeting until she comes.
We won't start till Bob comes.
We won't start till Tom and Mary come.
We won't start till Tom comes.
We won't start till Tom gets here.
We won't start until Tom gets here.
We won't start without your permission.
We won't starve the dogs.
We won't stay here for long.
We won't stay in Australia very long.
We won't stay in Boston very long.
We won't stay long.
We won't stay much longer.
We won't stop doing this until we finish.
We won't stop now.
We won't stop until every last card is played out.
We won't stop until we get it done.
We won't stop until we get it.
We won't stop until we get there.
We won't stop until we're finished.
We won't stop.
We won't succeed tonight.
We won't surrender.
We won't survive here.
We won't swim in the river.
We won't swim.
We won't take it anymore.
We won't take it.
We won't take no for an answer.
We won't take them back.
We won't take up the problem.
We won't talk about it any more.
We won't talk about it anymore.
We won't talk about that any more.
We won't talk on that subject.
We won't teach French anymore.
We won't tell Mom.
We won't tell Tom about that.
We won't tell Tom.
We won't tell anybody about that.
We won't tell anyone about them.
We won't tell anyone.
We won't tell her anything.
We won't tell him anything.
We won't tell.
We won't tolerate any looting.
We won't tolerate bullying in this school.
We won't tolerate bullying.
We won't use that.
We won't wait a minute longer.
We won't wait any longer.
We won't wait for you, so don't be late.
We won't wait for you.
We won't wait.
We won't walk there.
We won't waste your time.
We won't win.
We won't work in April.
We won, thanks to you.
We won.
We wonder if he'll take his place among them.
We wonder if we'll give it importance one day.
We wonder if you will find her elsewhere.
We wonder what future awaits Algeria.
We wonder why.
We wondered at his display of magic.
We wondered how Tom did that.
We wondered how Tom does it.
We wondered if the eggs would hatch.
We wondered what we could do.
We wondered what would happen after Tom showed up.
We wondered where you were.
We wondered whether the eggs would hatch.
We won’t approach the enemy.
We won’t be able to arrive at the harbor in time. Let’s take a shortcut.
We won’t be able to arrive home in time.
We won’t be able to learn all of the words by heart.
We won’t go out unless it stops raining.
We won’t leave anyone alone?
We won’t leave anyone by themselves?
We won’t need to go to school anymore.
We won’t start the meeting until Tom comes.
We won’t start till Bob comes.
We won’t take up the problem.
We wore gloves.
We wore tight shoes.
We work about eight hours a day.
We work as announcers on television.
We work as long as we have strength left.
We work as teachers in the school.
We work at a local hospital.
We work at the same hospital.
We work by day and rest by night.
We work by day, and rest by night.
We work by the day.
We work daily.
We work during the day, and sleep at night.
We work every day but Monday.
We work every day but Sunday.
We work every day except Monday.
We work every day except Sunday.
We work fast.
We work for Tom.
We work for eternity, not for the moment.
We work for free.
We work for him.
We work for our living.
We work for the money.
We work for them.
We work from dawn until dusk.
We work from nine to five.
We work hard.
We work here.
We work in a factory.
We work in a top secret government facilities.
We work in shifts.
We work in the fields.
We work on a piecework basis.
We work on an assembly line.
We work on every day of the week except Sunday.
We work on weekdays.
We work out together.
We work outside.
We work really well together.
We work there.
We work to earn money.
We work to get money.
We work together as a team.
We work together.
We work tomorrow.
We work well together.
We work with Tom.
We work with what we have.
We work!
We work.
We worked a lot on fundamentals.
We worked all day.
We worked all night long.
We worked all night.
We worked alone.
We worked and went to school at the same time.
We worked at a cafe.
We worked at a restaurant.
We worked at bars just to make ends meet.
We worked at the hospital.
We worked at the same printer's.
We worked at the same printing works.
We worked everything out.
We worked for Tom.
We worked for him.
We worked for them.
We worked for three hours and never took a break.
We worked for three hours.
We worked hard all afternoon.
We worked hard at it.
We worked hard in school.
We worked hard on this.
We worked hard so as to increase our sales.
We worked hard to make ends meet.
We worked hard to reach our goals.
We worked hard.
We worked here.
We worked in groups.
We worked in the same room.
We worked like ants.
We worked like so many ants.
We worked on Saturdays, but now we don't.
We worked on Saturdays, but now we don’t.
We worked on a farm last summer.
We worked on a lot of the basics.
We worked on it all night.
We worked on this plan together.
We worked really hard, I thought.
We worked really well together.
We worked so hard. The work we have done did not benefit us, others benefited from it.
We worked the night shift yesterday.
We worked there.
We worked three hours.
We worked through lunch.
We worked through the night yesterday.
We worked together as a team.
We worked together for three years.
We worked together.
We worked until 10.00 p.m. last week.
We worked until dawn.
We worked until two or three in the morning.
We worked very hard to buy you this present.
We worked with Tom.
We worked with military officials.
We worked yesterday.
We worried a lot about you.
We worry about Tom.
We worry about our families.
We worry about our futures.
We worry about the future.
We worry about you, Tom.
We worry about you.
We worry about your future.
We worry too much.
We worship Satan.
We would agree.
We would appreciate if the council would stop vacillating and make a choice already.
We would appreciate it if you grant us this concession.
We would appreciate it if you would contact Mr. Hirose.
We would appreciate your contacting Mr Hirose.
We would ask you to give us a price reduction of 5%.
We would be able to do this tomorrow, what do you think about that?
We would be closer to the truth.
We would be glad if Tom left.
We would be happy to send our book to you when it is published.
We would be prepared to grant you a special discount of 5% for the quantity of 10 sets of STL#3456.
We would be serving the country.
We would be very pleased if you paid us a visit.
We would break at five o'clock.
We would demand privacy.
We would die without air.
We would do anything for them.
We would go for walks at twilight, to escape the heat.
We would have a wide range of alternatives.
We would have been able to do this faster if Tom weren't here.
We would have been happy.
We would have been more careful.
We would have bought the plane tickets if the price had been a little lower.
We would have done anything.
We would have enjoyed our trip if it hadn't been for the rain.
We would have fewer problems if we did this the way Tom told us to.
We would have given anything for this not to have happened.
We would have gone home early, but Tom asked us to stay a little longer.
We would have had fun if we had gone to the party.
We would have had fun if we'd gone to the party.
We would have helped them.
We would have helped, if you had asked.
We would have learned Esperanto if we'd had more time.
We would have made a good couple.
We would have preferred to do it ourselves.
We would have stayed longer if we had had more time.
We would have told you, but we needed your reactions to look genuine.
We would kill to live in a home this nice.
We would like a kitchen with plenty of storage area.
We would like onion soup.
We would like some more beers.
We would like to ask for your help in clearing up our financial problems with your company.
We would like to ask you to reduce the prices quoted for STL#3456 by 5%.
We would like to ask your help in clearing up our financial problems with your company.
We would like to book a trip to Australia.
We would like to buy a sofa.
We would like to change room: it's too noisy.
We would like to change room: it’s too noisy.
We would like to distribute this product in Japan.
We would like to distribute your product in Japan.
We would like to draw attention to the fact that definitive data is still lacking.
We would like to draw attention to the fact that there is no definitive data yet.
We would like to eat lunch together.
We would like to eat the lunch together.
We would like to eat. Could you serve us expressly? We need to be on our way before half past one.
We would like to give a welcome party for the new members when it's convenient for them.
We would like to give a welcome party for the new members when it’s convenient for them.
We would like to go shopping in the streets in the afternoon.
We would like to go to UCLA.
We would like to go to the mountains.
We would like to go very much.
We would like to have some breakfast please.
We would like to help him.
We would like to know if you can grant us a special discount.
We would like to leave.
We would like to live in this village and study the Kadazan language.
We would like to make reservations for a trip to Australia.
We would like to make the community feel safe again.
We would like to order drinks, please.
We would like to report about the latest trends in Japan.
We would like to reserve a table for 6 o'clock.
We would like to send our sincere condolences to the family and friends of Tom.
We would like to sign another contract with you.
We would like to stay here one more day. Do you think that would be OK?
We would like to stay here one more day. What do you think?
We would like to stay here tonight.
We would like to visit Nikko during this summer vacation.
We would like you to come to our party.
We would like you to join our company.
We would love for everyone to participate.
We would love it if you could attend the aarti at 12:30.
We would love to work with you.
We would move to a bigger house if we had more money.
We would need money.
We would need much more time and money than we have.
We would never do it.
We would never do that in public.
We would never do that.
We would never know that someone hadn't invited us to his party.
We would never know that someone hadn’t invited us to his party.
We would never shout out the password.
We would not let him die.
We would now like to have some sample flashlights.
We would often discuss our future.
We would often give each other little presents.
We would often go hiking on sunny days.
We would often go swimming in the river.
We would often have a chat in this coffee shop.
We would often sit up all night discussing politics.
We would often talk about our beliefs, the cultures and environment that we grew up in, and how we plan on contributing positively to the world in our own ways.
We would often talk about our future.
We would only bother them.
We would only disturb them.
We would play baseball after school in those days.
We would prefer for your search to be carried out discreetly.
We would prefer to keep Tom here.
We would put the break at five o'clock.
We would rather eat snails tomorrow.
We would rather eat what we brought from home.
We would rather go to the zoo than to the park.
We would really like to know what you are basing your opinion on.
We would run down to the lake and jump in.
We would still be open if we had anything to left to sell.
We would stop at nothing to defend Algeria's interests.
We would stop at nothing to defend Algeria's national unity.
We would stop at nothing to defend Algeria's stability.
We would stop at nothing to defend Algeria.
We would talk for hours.
We would've been able to do this faster if Tom and Mary weren't here.
We would've been able to do this faster if Tom hadn't been here.
We would've been able to do this faster if Tom weren't here.
We would've been more careful.
We would've come back if we'd known that you wanted us to.
We would've come back if we'd known you wanted us to.
We would've done anything.
We would've enjoyed our trip if it hadn't been for the rain.
We would've enjoyed our trip if it wasn't for the rain.
We would've gone home early, but Tom asked us to stay a little longer.
We would've had fun if we'd gone to the party.
We would've helped them.
We would've helped, if you'd asked.
We would've left Tom alone.
We would've liked that.
We would've made a good couple.
We would've stayed longer if we had had more time.
We would've won if it wasn't for that slip-up.
We wouldn't ask you to do that.
We wouldn't be any worse off than we are now.
We wouldn't be in this mess if you had helped us.
We wouldn't be in this mess if you'd just done what I told you.
We wouldn't bet against it.
We wouldn't care.
We wouldn't change anything.
We wouldn't do that by ourselves, would we?
We wouldn't do that.
We wouldn't dream of selling our house.
We wouldn't expect you to do anything you didn't want to do.
We wouldn't go if it rained.
We wouldn't have asked Mary to come if we didn't want her here.
We wouldn't have asked Tom and Mary to come if we didn't want them here.
We wouldn't have asked Tom to come if we didn't want him here.
We wouldn't have been able to do any of that at a private school.
We wouldn't have done that even if we'd wanted to.
We wouldn't have gone if it had rained.
We wouldn't have had as much fun if Tom had been here.
We wouldn't last five minutes.
We wouldn't lie to you.
We wouldn't like to lose you.
We wouldn't make it without them.
We wouldn't mind helping Tom.
We wouldn't mind helping them.
We wouldn't miss that party for the world.
We wouldn't move.
We wouldn't protest.
We wouldn't risk it.
We wouldn't say anything even under torture.
We wouldn't stand a chance against Tom's gang.
We wouldn't stand a chance.
We wouldn't take such junk even as a gift.
We wouldn't use the "vosotros" form if we didn't live in Spain.
We wouldn't want somebody to get the wrong idea.
We wouldn't want that to happen, would we?
We wouldn't want to disappoint Tom.
We wouldn't want to disobey the teacher, would we?
We wouldn't want to do that.
We wouldn't want to make that mistake again.
We wouldn't want to risk that.
We wouldn't want to scare Tom.
We wouldn’t be in this mess if you’d just done what I told you.
We would’ve enjoyed our trip if it wasn’t for the rain.
We wound up at the cinema.
We wound up losing every game last season.
We wound up on opposing sides.
We write letters.
We write novels together.
We write our own songs.
We write this in honor of Saint Patrick, who is credited with bringing the Gospel of Jesus Christ to one of the most pagan cultures of his day.
We write to each other every day.
We write Ã‡orum "Äˆorum" in Esperanto.
We write Çorum "Ĉorum" in Esperanto.
We write.
We wronged them.
We wrote a letter.
We wrote a lot.
We wrote comments.
We wrote letters.
We wrote many books about China.
We wrote messages in spray paint on the walls of the school.
We wrote that.
We wrote the report together.
We wrote the report.
We wrote three books.
We wrote to Tom.
We wrote to each other.
We wrote to our pen pals this morning.
We wrote to them.
We wrote to your parents, but they haven't responded.
We yawn when sleepy or bored.
We yawn when we are short of oxygen.
We yawned.
We yearn to go back to our native land.
We yell a lot.
We yelled at Tom.
We yelled at her to be careful.
We yelled at her to take care.
We yelled at her to watch her step.
We yelled at her, asking her to pay attention.
We yelled at our computers.
We yelled for help, but no one came.
We zipped our two sleeping bags together to make one big sleeping bag.
We'd agree.
We'd all be interested in hearing your opinion.
We'd all be interested in your point of view.
We'd all be very grateful if that happened.
We'd already expected you yesterday, but you haven't come yet. Come tomorrow at the latest!
We'd already walked five minutes when we were caught in a shower.
We'd appreciate a reply.
We'd be able to do that for you.
We'd be absolutely thrilled if that happened.
We'd be better off not doing that.
We'd be better off not having one of those.
We'd be blamed for that if it happened.
We'd be crazy if we did that.
We'd be crazy if we didn't do that.
We'd be crazy not to advertise.
We'd be crazy to agree to do that.
We'd be foolish to do so.
We'd be foolish to do that.
We'd be glad if Tom left.
We'd be great together.
We'd be happy if there were no exams.
We'd be happy if there weren't any exams.
We'd be happy if you could come with us.
We'd be happy if you could come.
We'd be happy to accommodate you.
We'd be happy to cooperate.
We'd be happy to help.
We'd be happy to send our book to you when it's published.
We'd be lucky if we could actually do that.
We'd be lucky if we could do that.
We'd be lucky if we were able to do that.
We'd be making sail in the dawn, with a fair breeze, singing a chanty song wid no care to it. And astern the land would be sinking low and dying out, but we'd give it no heed but a laugh, and never look behind.
We'd be much better off if that happened.
We'd be pleased if the two of you could join us.
We'd be safe there.
We'd be very interested in what you think.
We'd become addicted to each other.
We'd been married for thirty years before we separated.
We'd been warned.
We'd better act fast.
We'd better act quickly.
We'd better ask Tom.
We'd better be careful.
We'd better be fast.
We'd better be going.
We'd better be on our way.
We'd better be quiet.
We'd better be very careful.
We'd better begin to prepare for the test.
We'd better begin.
We'd better brainstorm about it together and get a better idea.
We'd better call Tom.
We'd better call the doctor.
We'd better call the police.
We'd better camouflage ourselves.
We'd better cancel the hike.
We'd better check it out.
We'd better disguise ourselves.
We'd better distance ourselves a bit.
We'd better do as Tom says.
We'd better do something about this leak.
We'd better do something.
We'd better do that before 2:30.
We'd better do that quickly.
We'd better do that soon.
We'd better do that.
We'd better do what they ask.
We'd better do what they say.
We'd better do what they've asked us to do.
We'd better find a way out of here.
We'd better find it soon.
We'd better find it.
We'd better finish up this project before the eleventh hour.
We'd better fix it soon.
We'd better fix this soon.
We'd better forget it.
We'd better get a move on or we'll be late.
We'd better get a move on.
We'd better get away.
We'd better get back before dark.
We'd better get back home.
We'd better get cracking.
We'd better get going before the traffic gets any worse.
We'd better get going now.
We'd better get going.
We'd better get home before 2:30.
We'd better get home before it starts raining.
We'd better get in position.
We'd better get inside.
We'd better get it out of here.
We'd better get moving.
We'd better get our Christmas food shopping done quickly before nightfall falls upon us.
We'd better get our raincoats.
We'd better get out of here while we still can.
We'd better get out of here.
We'd better get out of the way.
We'd better get ready early because the train won't wait.
We'd better get ready.
We'd better get started today.
We'd better get started.
We'd better get the hole in the screen fixed or the house will be full of flies.
We'd better get you home.
We'd better give the floor to Tom.
We'd better go and help Tom.
We'd better go back a little.
We'd better go back in.
We'd better go check on it.
We'd better go find Tom.
We'd better go find her.
We'd better go find him.
We'd better go find them.
We'd better go help Tom.
We'd better go help her.
We'd better go help him.
We'd better go help them.
We'd better go home and tidy up the house.
We'd better go home now.
We'd better go in there and get Tom.
We'd better go inside before it begins to rain.
We'd better go look for Tom.
We'd better go look for them.
We'd better go pick up Tom.
We'd better go pick up her.
We'd better go pick up him.
We'd better go pick up them.
We'd better go to another room, so they can't hear what we're talking about.
We'd better go to another room. They'd easily hear us here.
We'd better go, Tom.
We'd better go.
We'd better have a talk.
We'd better humor Tom.
We'd better humor her.
We'd better humor him.
We'd better humor them.
We'd better hurry back.
We'd better hurry then.
We'd better hurry, otherwise we'll arrive late.
We'd better hurry, otherwise we'll be late.
We'd better hurry.
We'd better hurry. I don't want to be late for the concert.
We'd better join the others.
We'd better just call it a day.
We'd better leave Tom alone.
We'd better leave before it starts raining.
We'd better leave early.
We'd better leave her alone.
We'd better leave him alone.
We'd better leave now, otherwise we'll be late.
We'd better leave now.
We'd better leave the car here.
We'd better leave.
We'd better make a booking beforehand.
We'd better make a reservation beforehand.
We'd better make a run for it.
We'd better make preparations.
We'd better make some time.
We'd better make sure.
We'd better move along.
We'd better not change the schedule.
We'd better not do that now.
We'd better not do that today.
We'd better not do that.
We'd better not get caught.
We'd better not go now.
We'd better not leave now.
We'd better not let that happen.
We'd better not mention it.
We'd better not remain here any longer.
We'd better not remain here.
We'd better not stay here.
We'd better not stay up too late tonight.
We'd better not talk about that.
We'd better order right away.
We'd better patch up the hole in the screen, or the house will be full of flies.
We'd better pitch the tent before it starts raining.
We'd better plan for the worst.
We'd better put a stop to it!
We'd better put them on notice.
We'd better roll now.
We'd better run for it.
We'd better save our time and money.
We'd better send for help.
We'd better sit down here.
We'd better sit here.
We'd better start before it begins to rain.
We'd better start doing that today.
We'd better stop.
We'd better take a look.
We'd better take cover.
We'd better take up this issue immediately.
We'd better talk.
We'd better tell Tom about it.
We'd better tell Tom about this.
We'd better tell the others.
We'd better think of something.
We'd better throw it away.
We'd better try and find somewhere safe.
We'd better try to sell or give away all these white elephants we've collected.
We'd better visit the library now.
We'd better wait a little longer.
We'd better wait for the next bus.
We'd better wait until tomorrow.
We'd better wait.
We'd better wake Tom up.
We'd better wake her up.
We'd better wake him up.
We'd better wake them up.
We'd better warn the others.
We'd better wash up.
We'd better win.
We'd both better get some sleep.
We'd both really appreciate it.
We'd both really like to go to your party.
We'd consider doing that if certain conditions were met.
We'd consider that suspicious.
We'd do anything for them.
We'd do anything for you.
We'd do anything to help Tom.
We'd do anything to help them.
We'd do anything to help you.
We'd do that.
We'd dressed up to the nines: she in an elegant evening dress, and I in suit and tie.
We'd expected Tom to be surprised, but he wasn't.
We'd expected Tom to be surprised.
We'd given Tom up for lost.
We'd given up on you.
We'd had enough of each other.
We'd hardly entered the house when Tom wanted to be off again.
We'd hardly waited five minutes before the bus came.
We'd hardly waited for five minutes when the bus came.
We'd hate to lose you.
We'd have a bigger chance of survival without Tom.
We'd have been able to do that faster if we'd read the instructions.
We'd have never thought of that.
We'd have to paint the blade of the sword in order to change the color.
We'd hoped Tom would come and help us.
We'd hoped Tom would win.
We'd hoped that Tom would be able to come home for Christmas.
We'd hoped to buy more time.
We'd hoped to buy more.
We'd just got as far as the village when it began to rain.
We'd just like to ask you a few questions.
We'd known each other for years.
We'd like a bottle of rosé.
We'd like a deposit for one night.
We'd like a deposit of $50.
We'd like a double room with bath.
We'd like a little time to ourselves.
We'd like a room for two with a bath.
We'd like a table for two.
We'd like a table in the non-smoking section.
We'd like another bottle of wine.
We'd like him to win the game.
We'd like separate checks, please.
We'd like separate checks.
We'd like some water.
We'd like that.
We'd like to ask you a couple of questions.
We'd like to ask you a few questions about Tom.
We'd like to ask you a few questions.
We'd like to ask you some questions.
We'd like to cancel our reservation.
We'd like to check in. We've booked a double room under the name Miller.
We'd like to climb that mountain.
We'd like to confirm our booking.
We'd like to confirm our reservations.
We'd like to consider that.
We'd like to do something to help.
We'd like to drink some wine.
We'd like to exchange this jacket. It doesn't fit.
We'd like to express our gratitude.
We'd like to extend our lease.
We'd like to find out more.
We'd like to find out what happened.
We'd like to get to know Germany better.
We'd like to give this to you as a token of our appreciation.
We'd like to go home now.
We'd like to go to Boston this summer vacation.
We'd like to have Tom on our team.
We'd like to have a word with Tom.
We'd like to have breakfast.
We'd like to have some wine.
We'd like to have you here.
We'd like to help Tom prove it.
We'd like to help him.
We'd like to help them prove it.
We'd like to help, too.
We'd like to help.
We'd like to hire a boat.
We'd like to hire a car.
We'd like to hire a native French speaker.
We'd like to invite you to apply to our world-class university so we can artificially deflate our acceptance rate.
We'd like to know about it.
We'd like to know more about it.
We'd like to leave.
We'd like to look at some engagement rings.
We'd like to order 18 tonnes of olive oil.
We'd like to order drinks now.
We'd like to rent a people carrier.
We'd like to run some tests.
We'd like to see a wine list.
We'd like to see it as for ourselves.
We'd like to see the results of the experiment.
We'd like to sing you a song.
We'd like to speak to Tom.
We'd like to speak to her.
We'd like to speak to him.
We'd like to speak to them.
We'd like to speak to you.
We'd like to speak with Tom.
We'd like to speak with her.
We'd like to speak with him.
We'd like to speak with them.
We'd like to speak with you.
We'd like to spend about three months in Australia.
We'd like to split it. Could you bring it to us on two plates?
We'd like to start by asking you some questions.
We'd like to start over.
We'd like to take on more apprentices, but unfortunately we can't find any.
We'd like to take on more trainees, but unfortunately we can't find any.
We'd like to talk to Tom.
We'd like to talk to her.
We'd like to talk to him.
We'd like to talk to them.
We'd like to talk to you.
We'd like to talk with Tom.
We'd like to thank you for taking the time to answer our questions.
We'd like to visit Boston this summer vacation.
We'd like you to come over.
We'd like you to come with us.
We'd like you to finish the job by the end of this week by all means.
We'd like you to join our company.
We'd like you to sing a song.
We'd like you to sing some songs.
We'd like you to sing the song.
We'd like your help doing that.
We'd lost all hope of being rescued.
We'd lost hope of being rescued.
We'd love for you to join us for dinner.
We'd love to acquire it.
We'd love to have Tom back.
We'd love to have you for lunch.
We'd love to hear what you think.
We'd love to hear your story.
We'd love to help you.
We'd love to know what you think about Algeria.
We'd love to perform at your conference.
We'd love to work with you.
We'd made love the previous night.
We'd make a perfect team.
We'd manage with their help.
We'd much rather be proactive than reactive.
We'd never consider publishing something like this.
We'd never consider that.
We'd never do anything to hurt you.
We'd never do something like that.
We'd never force you to marry Tom.
We'd never hire Tom.
We'd never hire them.
We'd never hurt Tom.
We'd never hurt them.
We'd never survive another attack.
We'd often go swimming in the river.
We'd only be bothering them.
We'd only be disturbing them.
We'd only be getting in the way if we tried to help.
We'd only bother them.
We'd only dated once and I hadn't even fucked him.
We'd only disturb them.
We'd planned to do it this way from the start.
We'd prefer to keep using it.
We'd probably be best off beating them to the punch before they notice that fact.
We'd probably be mistreated if we were captured.
We'd rather eat indoors. It's too cold outside.
We'd really like one, but we just don't have the money.
We'd really like to help you, but our hands are tied.
We'd really love it if you could be there.
We'd save time if we drove down Park Street.
We'd stand a better chance of succeeding if Tom helped us.
We'd still have a chance.
We'd still like some help.
We'd still like to speak to Tom.
We'd still like to speak with Tom.
We'd still never been to a Chinese person's wedding.
We'd suggest a chic upholstered bed with a little tartan fabric.
We'd support Tom.
We'd sure like to help Tom.
We'd sure like to help them.
We'd trust Tom.
We'd usually solve this problem recursively, but the proposed solution uses an iterative algorithm.
We'll accept anything.
We'll accept the gift.
We'll accept your conditions.
We'll accept your deal.
We'll adapt and move forward without you.
We'll add you to our list.
We'll alert Tom.
We'll all be asleep soon.
We'll all be dead eventually.
We'll all be dead in thirty years.
We'll all be here again tomorrow.
We'll all be here for you.
We'll all be home in time for dinner.
We'll all be hungry, so be sure to bring enough food for everyone.
We'll all be killed if we aren't careful.
We'll all be sorry to lose you.
We'll all be suffering for this for the rest of our lives.
We'll all be there together.
We'll all be there.
We'll all be together soon.
We'll all be together.
We'll all die eventually.
We'll all die one day or another.
We'll all die someday.
We'll all die sooner or later.
We'll all die together.
We'll all die.
We'll all eventually die.
We'll all go there together.
We'll all go there.
We'll all go to Boston next weekend.
We'll all go to Boston.
We'll all go together.
We'll all have to just wait and see.
We'll all have to wait and see.
We'll all know the truth, eventually.
We'll all live together.
We'll all miss him.
We'll all miss you when you leave.
We'll all miss you when you're gone.
We'll all miss you, Tom.
We'll all miss you.
We'll all pray for your recovery.
We'll all sing together.
We'll all sleep better tonight.
We'll all soon be drunk.
We'll all soon be too drunk to drive.
We'll all stay here together.
We'll all wait for you.
We'll all work together.
We'll allow a 5 percent discount off list prices.
We'll also have to create a separate smoking section, won't we?
We'll alter our course at once.
We'll always be friends.
We'll always be here for you.
We'll always be here.
We'll always be proactive.
We'll always be there for them.
We'll always be together, I hope.
We'll always be together.
We'll always do our best.
We'll always do whatever you say.
We'll always have Paris.
We'll always have differences.
We'll always have to be careful not to let this happen again.
We'll always love you, Tom.
We'll always make time for the kids.
We'll always miss Tom.
We'll always remember Tom.
We'll always remember that.
We'll always remember this.
We'll always remember what Tom has done for us.
We'll always remember you.
We'll announce our decision tomorrow.
We'll announce the results as soon as we verify them.
We'll arrange that soon.
We'll arrive about one hour before Tom and Mary get there.
We'll arrive about one hour before Tom gets there.
We'll arrive around noon.
We'll arrive in three hours if we drive.
We'll arrive there within an hour.
We'll arrive tomorrow.
We'll arrive within the hour.
We'll ask Ali and see what he thinks.
We'll ask Mary and see what she thinks.
We'll ask Mary what she thinks when we see her.
We'll ask Tom and Mary and see what they think.
We'll ask Tom and Mary what they think when we see them.
We'll ask Tom and see what he thinks.
We'll ask Tom for permission.
We'll ask Tom what he thinks when we see him.
We'll ask Tom.
We'll ask her.
We'll ask him.
We'll ask politely.
We'll ask them to take a photo of us.
We'll ask them.
We'll ask.
We'll assess the situation.
We'll assist Tom.
We'll assist in any way we can.
We'll assist you in any way we can.
We'll attack at sunrise.
We'll attack their southern flank here, here, and here.
We'll attack when the moon is full. They'll be expecting an attack then, of course.
We'll attack.
We'll attempt to do that by ourselves.
We'll attempt to start the class soon.
We'll attend.
We'll be OK with a little bit of hate on social media.
We'll be OK, Tom.
We'll be OK.
We'll be able to go on when it clears up.
We'll be able to raise cows and sheep, too.
We'll be able to survive one way or another.
We'll be across the border by tomorrow.
We'll be all right.
We'll be arriving in Boston soon.
We'll be at home all day today.
We'll be at home all day tomorrow.
We'll be at home today.
We'll be at the drum circle.
We'll be at the hospital, visiting Tom.
We'll be at the hospital.
We'll be at the summit by noon.
We'll be back after the break.
We'll be back after the commercial break!
We'll be back after this commercial.
We'll be back after this short break.
We'll be back as soon as possible.
We'll be back at 2:30.
We'll be back before dark.
We'll be back before you know it.
We'll be back by 2:30.
We'll be back for them later.
We'll be back here next week.
We'll be back here next year.
We'll be back in Boston by 2:30.
We'll be back in a few minutes.
We'll be back in a month.
We'll be back in an hour or so.
We'll be back in an hour.
We'll be back in school in a couple of weeks.
We'll be back in three hours.
We'll be back in three months.
We'll be back in twenty minutes.
We'll be back later.
We'll be back next year.
We'll be back on air shortly.
We'll be back on track soon.
We'll be back right after this commercial.
We'll be back shortly.
We'll be back soon.
We'll be back there.
We'll be back to check on you later.
We'll be back tomorrow night.
We'll be back tonight.
We'll be back.
We'll be behind you.
We'll be better off in the long run.
We'll be better prepared next time.
We'll be broke before we know it.
We'll be broke soon if we don't stop spending money on things we don't need.
We'll be building a new airport.
We'll be busy all afternoon.
We'll be busy.
We'll be careful.
We'll be checking this carefully, of course.
We'll be closed tomorrow.
We'll be closing early today.
We'll be closing up early today.
We'll be co-workers.
We'll be cooperating.
We'll be crossing the border soon.
We'll be crossing the border within the next fifteen minutes.
We'll be damned.
We'll be destroyed.
We'll be dining in the kitchen.
We'll be doing that sometime around the beginning of October.
We'll be doing that starting tomorrow.
We'll be doing that together tomorrow.
We'll be doing that together.
We'll be doing that tomorrow afternoon.
We'll be doing the sights of London about this time tomorrow.
We'll be doing this again tomorrow.
We'll be done in a second.
We'll be done in no time.
We'll be done soon.
We'll be downstairs if you need us.
We'll be eating at noon.
We'll be eating in the conference room today.
We'll be eating on the veranda today.
We'll be eating pretty soon.
We'll be eating soon.
We'll be even busier tomorrow.
We'll be expecting you at 2:30.
We'll be experiencing an Indian summer for the next few days, but after that, it'll be getting cold again.
We'll be fast.
We'll be fine as long as we have money.
We'll be fine no matter what happens.
We'll be fine no matter what.
We'll be fine without you.
We'll be fine.
We'll be finished in a second.
We'll be finished soon.
We'll be finished!
We'll be forgiven.
We'll be friends for ever!
We'll be friends for ever.
We'll be friends forever.
We'll be friends.
We'll be getting married in October.
We'll be getting married next year.
We'll be getting on the train soon.
We'll be giving you a lot of money.
We'll be glad to see you at our wedding.
We'll be going away together next spring.
We'll be going home soon.
We'll be going in a group of three. How many will you be?
We'll be going on a trip.
We'll be going outside to observe nature for this. Thus, a good pencil, eraser, and possibly a paint brush are required.
We'll be going to Boston by bus.
We'll be going to Boston on Monday.
We'll be going up against tanks, but an airstrike should make quick work of them.
We'll be going with Tom.
We'll be gone in less than three hours.
We'll be happy to call you back.
We'll be happy to cooperate.
We'll be happy to do our part.
We'll be happy to help.
We'll be happy to oblige you.
We'll be happy to welcome you on Friday.
We'll be happy to work together with you!
We'll be happy to work with you.
We'll be happy.
We'll be having a press conference tomorrow morning, so get ready for your big speech.
We'll be having a slap-up lunch.
We'll be having couscous with raisins for dinner.
We'll be having dinner in about thirty minutes.
We'll be having some guests tonight.
We'll be heading back home soon.
We'll be helping you.
We'll be here a few more days.
We'll be here all day.
We'll be here all week.
We'll be here for a few more days.
We'll be here for a while.
We'll be here for another week.
We'll be here for only a few days.
We'll be here for three more days.
We'll be here on time.
We'll be here tomorrow.
We'll be here waiting.
We'll be here when it's over.
We'll be here.
We'll be heroes.
We'll be hiring someone who speaks English.
We'll be holding a clearance sale next week.
We'll be home all day today.
We'll be home all day tomorrow.
We'll be home at about 11:00.
We'll be home before long.
We'll be home by sunset barring accidents.
We'll be home by sunset.
We'll be home in no time.
We'll be home soon.
We'll be home tomorrow night.
We'll be hungry again in an hour.
We'll be hungry.
We'll be in Australia all week.
We'll be in Australia for another three weeks.
We'll be in Australia for just a few days.
We'll be in Australia for three months.
We'll be in Australia for three more days and then we'll go to New Zealand.
We'll be in Australia for three more days.
We'll be in Australia next month.
We'll be in Australia next week.
We'll be in Boston all week.
We'll be in Boston for another three weeks.
We'll be in Boston for just a few days.
We'll be in Boston for three months.
We'll be in Boston for three more days and then we'll go to Chicago.
We'll be in Boston next weekend.
We'll be in Boston soon.
We'll be in a fine mess.
We'll be in good shape.
We'll be in touch if we have any further questions.
We'll be in touch with you soon.
We'll be in touch.
We'll be in trouble.
We'll be jealous.
We'll be just a moment.
We'll be just fine.
We'll be keeping an eye on the situation.
We'll be killed.
We'll be landing in 15 minutes.
We'll be landing in Boston in 30 minutes.
We'll be landing in fifteen minutes.
We'll be landing shortly.
We'll be landing soon.
We'll be late because of the heavy traffic.
We'll be late for class.
We'll be late for dinner.
We'll be late if we don't hurry.
We'll be late.
We'll be leaving Boston before the end of the month.
We'll be leaving before you get here.
We'll be leaving here shortly.
We'll be leaving in a few minutes.
We'll be leaving in a week.
We'll be leaving now.
We'll be leaving on Monday.
We'll be leaving shortly.
We'll be leaving soon.
We'll be leaving tomorrow morning.
We'll be leaving tomorrow.
We'll be listening to their new album together.
We'll be living here next month.
We'll be living in Australia.
We'll be living in Boston.
We'll be living together.
We'll be looking for them.
We'll be looking for you.
We'll be lucky to finish mid-table this year.
We'll be making an announcement shortly.
We'll be meeting downstairs.
We'll be moving to Australia in a year.
We'll be moving to Australia next year.
We'll be moving to Boston in a year.
We'll be moving to Boston next year.
We'll be needing a blood donor for Sami.
We'll be needing your help.
We'll be neighbors.
We'll be next.
We'll be off at daybreak.
We'll be off at first light.
We'll be off first thing in the morning.
We'll be off first thing.
We'll be old and senile before that happens.
We'll be on our own.
We'll be on our way now.
We'll be on our way when it stops raining.
We'll be on our way.
We'll be on the road for a total of five days.
We'll be open tomorrow.
We'll be out of here by this time tomorrow.
We'll be out of here in a few days.
We'll be out of here in a few minutes.
We'll be patient.
We'll be paying close attention to what happens.
We'll be pouring concrete tomorrow.
We'll be prepared.
We'll be profitable this year.
We'll be quick.
We'll be ready by the time you get here.
We'll be ready for Tom.
We'll be ready for them.
We'll be ready in time.
We'll be ready to do that on Monday.
We'll be ready to go soon.
We'll be ready to start building in October.
We'll be ready to start in a few minutes.
We'll be ready when you get back.
We'll be ready when you get here.
We'll be ready whenever you need us.
We'll be ready.
We'll be really busy this afternoon, won't we?
We'll be really busy, won't we?
We'll be rescued.
We'll be returning to Australia in October.
We'll be rich.
We'll be right back after these messages.
We'll be right back after this commercial break.
We'll be right back!
We'll be right back.
We'll be right behind you.
We'll be right down the hall.
We'll be right down this hall.
We'll be right down.
We'll be right here.
We'll be right in.
We'll be right out.
We'll be right over.
We'll be right there.
We'll be right with you.
We'll be safe as long as we stay here.
We'll be safe from prying eyes here.
We'll be safe here.
We'll be safe there.
We'll be safe when we get into the hills.
We'll be safe.
We'll be saving a bunch of money.
We'll be seeing each other again.
We'll be seeing the sights of Paris about this time tomorrow.
We'll be seeing you again before long.
We'll be seeing you, Tom.
We'll be seeing you.
We'll be serving complimentary drinks.
We'll be starting college next year.
We'll be staying at a hotel.
We'll be staying home.
We'll be staying in a hotel.
We'll be stronger if we all stick together.
We'll be studying very hard this time next year.
We'll be sure to look into it.
We'll be taking a break when Tom calls for me.
We'll be taking down our Christmas tree soon.
We'll be taking off in a few minutes.
We'll be talking about that more.
We'll be talking to her today.
We'll be talking to him today.
We'll be talking to them today.
We'll be there anyway.
We'll be there as soon as possible.
We'll be there as soon as we can.
We'll be there at 2.30.
We'll be there at 2:30.
We'll be there at about two.
We'll be there at half past two.
We'll be there at half two.
We'll be there before long.
We'll be there before you know it.
We'll be there by 2:30.
We'll be there by dawn.
We'll be there in a little while.
We'll be there in a minute.
We'll be there in about ten minutes.
We'll be there in about thirty minutes.
We'll be there in an hour.
We'll be there in less than three hours.
We'll be there in no time.
We'll be there in plenty of time.
We'll be there in thirty minutes.
We'll be there in three hours.
We'll be there later.
We'll be there rain or shine.
We'll be there shortly.
We'll be there soon enough.
We'll be there soon.
We'll be there to help.
We'll be there to support you.
We'll be there tomorrow afternoon.
We'll be there waiting for you.
We'll be there.
We'll be thirsty.
We'll be together again soon.
We'll be together again, Tom.
We'll be together again.
We'll be together all the time.
We'll be together soon.
We'll be together until the end.
We'll be together.
We'll be too late.
We'll be totally defenseless.
We'll be traveling together next spring.
We'll be traveling together.
We'll be travelling together next spring.
We'll be up all night.
We'll be up late tonight.
We'll be very busy tomorrow.
We'll be very happy living here.
We'll be victorious.
We'll be voting today.
We'll be waiting for Tom.
We'll be waiting for them.
We'll be waiting for you in the car.
We'll be waiting for you in the lobby.
We'll be waiting for you in the park.
We'll be waiting for you when you get back.
We'll be waiting for you.
We'll be waiting.
We'll be watching Tom very closely.
We'll be watching the situation closely.
We'll be watching you now.
We'll be watching you.
We'll be wearing gas masks.
We'll be well paid.
We'll be with Tom.
We'll be working on that this week.
We'll be working together all next week.
We'll be working together.
We'll be working.
We'll begin a systematic search of the town.
We'll begin as soon as possible.
We'll begin as soon as we can.
We'll begin hiring people in October.
We'll begin immediately.
We'll begin rehearsals tomorrow.
We'll begin shortly.
We'll begin soon.
We'll begin the meeting when Tom and Mary get here.
We'll begin the meeting when Tom gets here.
We'll begin the party when Tom and Mary get here.
We'll begin the party when Tom gets here.
We'll begin tomorrow morning.
We'll begin when you're ready.
We'll begin work soon.
We'll bike to the lake tomorrow.
We'll bivouac near the lake.
We'll borrow some money on the house.
We'll both do that tomorrow.
We'll both go.
We'll both take a carriage ride later.
We'll bring Tom home.
We'll bring Tom.
We'll bring her home.
We'll bring her.
We'll bring him home.
We'll bring him.
We'll bring plenty of food.
We'll bring them home.
We'll bring them to justice.
We'll bring them.
We'll build a house that supplies its own energy.
We'll build an energetically self-sufficient house.
We'll burn that bridge when we come to it.
We'll bury it.
We'll bury you all.
We'll bury you.
We'll buy a car.
We'll buy a hotel.
We'll buy a new car next week.
We'll buy a new couch.
We'll buy a new sofa.
We'll buy it.
We'll buy one car for each.
We'll buy some paraffin for them.
We'll buy some paraffin.
We'll buy that.
We'll buy the tickets early, in case they get sold out.
We'll buy whatever is available.
We'll buy you some time.
We'll bypass the city centre.
We'll call Dr. Shiegal for you.
We'll call Tom.
We'll call back in thirty minutes.
We'll call back.
We'll call each other in the evening.
We'll call her.
We'll call him.
We'll call if we have any further questions.
We'll call in someone who knows how to fix it.
We'll call them.
We'll call you back.
We'll call you if we need help.
We'll call you if we need you.
We'll call you later.
We'll call you when your package arrives.
We'll call you when your table is ready.
We'll call you.
We'll call your name when it's your turn.
We'll camp here.
We'll capture them.
We'll carry it to the barn.
We'll carry on tomorrow.
We'll carry your bags.
We'll catch Tom.
We'll catch her.
We'll catch him.
We'll catch the eight o'clock train.
We'll catch the next flight out.
We'll catch them.
We'll catch up later.
We'll catch up to you.
We'll catch up with Tom later.
We'll catch up with her later.
We'll catch up with him later.
We'll catch up with them later.
We'll catch up with you later.
We'll catch up.
We'll catch you.
We'll celebrate by ourselves.
We'll celebrate the New Year with the family.
We'll celebrate tonight.
We'll celebrate your birthday in a week.
We'll certainly invite Tom.
We'll certainly miss Tom.
We'll certainly try.
We'll chance it.
We'll change cars.
We'll change it.
We'll change the world.
We'll change trains at the next station.
We'll change.
We'll chat some more during intermission.
We'll check it out.
We'll check it straight away.
We'll check it.
We'll check on it right now.
We'll check this carefully, of course.
We'll check.
We'll clear this up.
We'll climb the mountain if it is fine tomorrow.
We'll climb the mountain if it's fine tomorrow.
We'll come and visit you.
We'll come as soon as we can.
We'll come back and try again.
We'll come back for them.
We'll come back here again next month.
We'll come back later.
We'll come back tomorrow.
We'll come back.
We'll come by tonight.
We'll come here again next month.
We'll come home in two hours.
We'll come to Australia for your wedding.
We'll come to Boston for your wedding.
We'll come to look for you.
We'll come to visit you.
We'll come together.
We'll come tomorrow.
We'll come up with another solution.
We'll come up with something.
We'll come visit.
We'll come with you.
We'll come, too.
We'll comfort ourselves with the songs of yesteryears.
We'll compensate you well.
We'll consider it.
We'll consider your proposal.
We'll consider your suggestions.
We'll consult Tom.
We'll consult her.
We'll consult him.
We'll consult them.
We'll contact Tom.
We'll contact her.
We'll contact him.
We'll contact them.
We'll contact you as soon as we can.
We'll contact you as soon as we know.
We'll contact you by phone as soon as we arrive.
We'll contact you if we have any further questions.
We'll contact you next Monday.
We'll contact you when we're ready.
We'll contact you.
We'll continue cooperating.
We'll continue doing this.
We'll continue later.
We'll continue the discussion later.
We'll continue the discussion.
We'll continue this discussion after lunch.
We'll continue this discussion later.
We'll continue this later.
We'll continue to be vigilant.
We'll continue to communicate, learn, and grow together.
We'll continue to see the whole city from here.
We'll continue to support Tom.
We'll continue to use it.
We'll continue to work on that.
We'll continue to work on this.
We'll continue tomorrow.
We'll continue.
We'll convince Tom.
We'll convince her.
We'll convince him.
We'll convince them.
We'll cook for you.
We'll cook some meat.
We'll cook.
We'll cooperate.
We'll cover all the costs.
We'll cover the cost of shipping.
We'll cross that bridge if we come to it.
We'll cross that bridge in due time.
We'll cross that bridge when we come to it.
We'll cross that bridge when we get there.
We'll cross that bridge when we get to it.
We'll cross the mountain.
We'll cross the river in a boat.
We'll cut down all these trees.
We'll dance.
We'll deal with Tom later.
We'll deal with Tom.
We'll deal with her later.
We'll deal with him later.
We'll deal with it in the morning.
We'll deal with it later.
We'll deal with it tomorrow.
We'll deal with it.
We'll deal with that later.
We'll deal with that when it happens.
We'll deal with that when the time comes.
We'll deal with the problem later.
We'll deal with them later.
We'll deal with this later.
We'll deal with this ourselves.
We'll deal with this problem in Chapter 3.
We'll debate this subject at the meeting.
We'll decide by voting.
We'll decide it like men. Bring the dice!
We'll decide later.
We'll decide on the team as and when we qualify.
We'll decide.
We'll defeat them in the end.
We'll defend Tom.
We'll definitely achieve these goals.
We'll definitely ask Tom to do that.
We'll definitely be back next year.
We'll definitely be ready by the time you get here.
We'll definitely be ready.
We'll definitely come.
We'll definitely invite Tom.
We'll definitely look into it.
We'll definitely meet up again sometime.
We'll definitely need some more training.
We'll destroy the old farms.
We'll destroy their dens.
We'll devise another solution.
We'll die if we stay here.
We'll die soon.
We'll die sooner or later.
We'll die.
We'll dine together and then go to the theater.
We'll discover the truth one day.
We'll discover the truth.
We'll discuss it later.
We'll discuss it.
We'll discuss that later.
We'll discuss that problem tomorrow.
We'll discuss that tomorrow.
We'll discuss that when the time comes.
We'll discuss the details later.
We'll discuss the problem with Tom.
We'll discuss the problem with them tomorrow.
We'll discuss the problem with them.
We'll discuss this later.
We'll discuss this problem later.
We'll discuss this tomorrow.
We'll discuss this topic with my boss.
We'll dismiss class early today.
We'll divide the profits among all of us.
We'll do a dry run before the show.
We'll do a little at a time.
We'll do a lot of stuff tomorrow.
We'll do all that we can to help Tom.
We'll do all we can.
We'll do anything we can to help you.
We'll do anything we can to help.
We'll do as Tom wishes.
We'll do as you say.
We'll do away with all these silly rules as soon as we can.
We'll do better tomorrow.
We'll do better.
We'll do everything in our power to find Tom.
We'll do everything perfectly.
We'll do everything we can to ensure that this doesn't happen again.
We'll do everything we can to find Tom.
We'll do everything we can to help you.
We'll do everything we can to make sure that this doesn't happen again.
We'll do everything we can.
We'll do everything with Tom.
We'll do exactly as you suggest.
We'll do fine without you.
We'll do good to my grandmother in the morning.
We'll do great.
We'll do it again.
We'll do it as a group.
We'll do it just like before.
We'll do it live.
We'll do it once more.
We'll do it one more time.
We'll do it our own way.
We'll do it ourselves.
We'll do it right away.
We'll do it some other time.
We'll do it somehow.
We'll do it the same way we did it last time.
We'll do it this way from now on.
We'll do it together.
We'll do it tomorrow if you want to.
We'll do it tomorrow.
We'll do it when Tom leaves.
We'll do it when we have time.
We'll do it with pleasure.
We'll do it, but only after the show. And now we have to answer the guys' questions.
We'll do it.
We'll do more tests tomorrow.
We'll do more than that.
We'll do nothing.
We'll do our best to deliver everything before next Monday.
We'll do our best to help Tom.
We'll do our best to help you solve your problem.
We'll do our best to make it an uneventful trip.
We'll do our best to persuade Tom to do that.
We'll do our best to realize what we've planned.
We'll do our best to solve your problem.
We'll do our best to stop it.
We'll do our best to win.
We'll do our best to work as quickly as possible.
We'll do our best, right?
We'll do our best, thank you.
We'll do our best.
We'll do our homework later.
We'll do our homework.
We'll do our part.
We'll do our very best.
We'll do something.
We'll do that after Tom leaves.
We'll do that again if we can.
We'll do that again sometime.
We'll do that as soon as possible.
We'll do that as soon as we can.
We'll do that as well as we can.
We'll do that at any cost.
We'll do that even if it rains.
We'll do that even if it's the last thing we do.
We'll do that exercise when we have more time.
We'll do that first thing tomorrow.
We'll do that later when we're not so busy.
We'll do that later.
We'll do that later; it's not urgent.
We'll do that on our own.
We'll do that one way or another.
We'll do that our own way.
We'll do that ourselves.
We'll do that right away.
We'll do that some other time.
We'll do that together.
We'll do that tomorrow, won't we?
We'll do that tomorrow.
We'll do that when we get there.
We'll do that when we have time.
We'll do that your way from now on.
We'll do that, but probably not this week.
We'll do that.
We'll do the best we can with it.
We'll do the best we can.
We'll do the rest.
We'll do the same for you.
We'll do the same.
We'll do this later.
We'll do this some other time.
We'll do this together.
We'll do this.
We'll do what Tom suggested.
We'll do what we always do.
We'll do what we can.
We'll do what we have to do.
We'll do what's best for Tom.
We'll do whatever it takes to complete the project on time.
We'll do whatever it takes to finish the job on time.
We'll do whatever it takes to get that done.
We'll do whatever it takes to get this done on time.
We'll do whatever it takes.
We'll do whatever we can to help.
We'll do whatever we can to protect you and your family.
We'll do whatever we can.
We'll do whatever you say.
We'll do without it.
We'll drink to that.
We'll drive Tom home.
We'll drive you to the airport if you like.
We'll drive.
We'll drop Tom off on the way.
We'll drop by later.
We'll drop you off on the way.
We'll eat as soon as Tom and Mary get here.
We'll eat as soon as Tom gets here.
We'll eat at Mary's place this evening.
We'll eat at six o'clock.
We'll eat dinner as soon as Tom and Mary get home.
We'll eat dinner as soon as Tom gets home.
We'll eat dinner early today.
We'll eat it anyway.
We'll eat it.
We'll eat lunch after we get home.
We'll eat lunch on the bus.
We'll eat lunch together at 12:30.
We'll eat on the way.
We'll eat our dinner in the kitchen tonight.
We'll eat something sweet.
We'll eat the rest of this stew for dinner tomorrow.
We'll eat together tomorrow, OK?
We'll eat together tomorrow, okay?
We'll eat whatever there is in the refrigerator.
We'll eat whatever there is.
We'll eat when we get there.
We'll eat your bread.
We'll eat your delicious cherries.
We'll eat, and then go straight to bed.
We'll eat.
We'll employ a new tool to increase productivity.
We'll end with this.
We'll enjoy this.
We'll eventually find a solution to this problem, I think.
We'll eventually have to tell Tom.
We'll eventually know the truth.
We'll eventually need to make a decision.
We'll examine the upper part first, and after that has been done I will show you a chamber which you can have until the summer boarders come.
We'll expect you for dinner on Thursday.
We'll explain it one by one.
We'll explain later.
We'll explain.
We'll face that problem when we come to it.
We'll fail.
We'll feed the kids first.
We'll fend for ourselves.
We'll fight back.
We'll fight to the end to protect our homeland.
We'll fight to the last.
We'll fight together.
We'll fight.
We'll figure it out later.
We'll figure it out without you.
We'll figure it out.
We'll figure out another way out of this, Tom.
We'll figure out how to solve the problem later.
We'll figure something out for breakfast.
We'll figure something out.
We'll figure that out later.
We'll figure things out on our own.
We'll figure things out sooner or later.
We'll figure things out.
We'll figure this out.
We'll fill you in on the way.
We'll finally win.
We'll find Tom.
We'll find a place of our own.
We'll find a safe place for Tom.
We'll find a solution, I'm sure.
We'll find a way out of here.
We'll find a way to do it.
We'll find a way to do that.
We'll find a way to get by without you.
We'll find a way to make it right.
We'll find a way to use it.
We'll find a way to use them.
We'll find a way.
We'll find another supplier.
We'll find another way.
We'll find her.
We'll find him sooner or later.
We'll find him.
We'll find it.
We'll find it. Don't worry.
We'll find more engineers to recover the schedule.
We'll find one.
We'll find out Monday.
We'll find out about that very soon.
We'll find out in just a minute.
We'll find out later.
We'll find out on Monday.
We'll find out soon enough.
We'll find out soon what we'll need to do.
We'll find out soon.
We'll find out the truth one day.
We'll find out what we have to do when we get there.
We'll find out what's happening.
We'll find out when we get there.
We'll find out who did this.
We'll find out.
We'll find out. We just heard about it.
We'll find some other way to do that.
We'll find some time to be together.
We'll find something.
We'll find somewhere else to go.
We'll find that out soon enough.
We'll find the time.
We'll find the truth.
We'll find them.
We'll find time.
We'll find you another lawyer.
We'll find you.
We'll find your car.
We'll finish by measuring your blood pressure. Just roll your sleeve up, please.
We'll finish it if it takes us all day.
We'll finish later.
We'll finish the game tomorrow.
We'll finish the project in under a month.
We'll finish the work even if it takes us all day.
We'll finish this later.
We'll finish this today.
We'll fix it.
We'll fix that.
We'll fix this.
We'll fix you up.
We'll flank them around the corner.
We'll flip for it.
We'll fly out of LAX.
We'll fly there in 50 minutes.
We'll fly to Australia and rent a car while we're there.
We'll follow Tom wherever he goes.
We'll follow Tom.
We'll follow her.
We'll follow him.
We'll follow suit.
We'll follow the plan to the dot.
We'll follow them.
We'll follow you.
We'll follow your advice.
We'll follow.
We'll forgive Tom.
We'll forgive you this time.
We'll frame this painting.
We'll free the prisoners.
We'll furnish you with everything you need.
We'll get Tom to drive us there.
We'll get a cab now, and go to see your new home. I am very sure that you will like it.
We'll get a keg of beer for the party.
We'll get a lot of help.
We'll get a phone call from Tom tonight for sure.
We'll get a phone call from him tonight for sure.
We'll get along without that much money somehow.
We'll get an opportunity to do this again, I think.
We'll get an opportunity to try that tomorrow.
We'll get another chance.
We'll get another one.
We'll get back in the groove of things before long.
We'll get back to that.
We'll get back to work.
We'll get back to you before the end of the week.
We'll get back to you.
We'll get by.
We'll get caught.
We'll get going straight away.
We'll get going when it stops raining.
We'll get good grades.
We'll get help.
We'll get in touch in another day or two.
We'll get in touch with Tom.
We'll get in touch with her.
We'll get in touch with him.
We'll get in touch with them.
We'll get in touch with you as soon as possible.
We'll get in touch with you.
We'll get in touch with your family.
We'll get in trouble if we get caught.
We'll get in.
We'll get into it.
We'll get into that in a minute.
We'll get it back from them.
We'll get it back.
We'll get it done.
We'll get it fixed.
We'll get it right eventually.
We'll get it sorted out.
We'll get it this time.
We'll get it.
We'll get married in October.
We'll get new ones.
We'll get off at the last station.
We'll get off at the last stop.
We'll get off at the next station.
We'll get off with a reprimand.
We'll get on it immediately.
We'll get on the airplane in an hour.
We'll get one.
We'll get our chance.
We'll get our stuff.
We'll get out here.
We'll get out of here one day.
We'll get paid extra for doing that.
We'll get rid of it.
We'll get rid of our tiredness when we arrive home.
We'll get rid of them.
We'll get right back to you.
We'll get right on it.
We'll get right to it.
We'll get some help.
We'll get some more.
We'll get started as soon as we can.
We'll get started as soon as you're ready.
We'll get started in a moment.
We'll get started right away.
We'll get that fixed.
We'll get that to you right away.
We'll get the eight o'clock train.
We'll get the job done.
We'll get the next one.
We'll get them home safely.
We'll get them ready.
We'll get them right away.
We'll get them to help you.
We'll get them to listen.
We'll get them to talk no matter what it takes.
We'll get there eventually.
We'll get there in three hours.
We'll get there in time.
We'll get there on our own.
We'll get there on time.
We'll get there soon.
We'll get there tomorrow.
We'll get there.
We'll get this as clear as possible.
We'll get this done somehow.
We'll get this done, one way or another.
We'll get this one.
We'll get though this one way or another.
We'll get through it somehow.
We'll get through it together.
We'll get through it.
We'll get through the jungle somehow.
We'll get through this crisis somehow.
We'll get through this just fine.
We'll get through this somehow.
We'll get through this together.
We'll get through this.
We'll get to Boston before dark.
We'll get to Boston before it gets dark, I think.
We'll get to Boston before it gets dark.
We'll get to do that soon.
We'll get to school soon; we are as good as there now.
We'll get to that in a minute.
We'll get to that.
We'll get to the bottom of it.
We'll get to the bottom of this.
We'll get to town tomorrow.
We'll get to work on it.
We'll get to you in a second.
We'll get together soon.
We'll get up at 7 o'clock tomorrow.
We'll get up at 7.00 tomorrow.
We'll get up at seven o'clock tomorrow.
We'll get up at seven tomorrow.
We'll get you a place to stay.
We'll get you a replacement.
We'll get you another balloon.
We'll get you anything you need.
We'll get you back home immediately.
We'll get you home in a jiffy.
We'll get you out of here.
We'll get you squared away.
We'll get you the best lawyer we can afford.
We'll get you the help you need.
We'll get you the money.
We'll get your money back.
We'll give Tom everything he needs.
We'll give an interview in the afternoon.
We'll give her the lowdown after lunch.
We'll give him an apple.
We'll give it a go.
We'll give it a shot.
We'll give it a try.
We'll give it back.
We'll give it our best shot.
We'll give it to him, since that's what he wants.
We'll give them another chance.
We'll give you a call.
We'll give you a ride.
We'll give you a ring.
We'll give you a waiver that exempts you from paying the fee.
We'll give you anything you want.
We'll give you as many bonus miles as the normal air miles!
We'll give you back your money.
We'll give you one more chance.
We'll give you your money back.
We'll give you your revenge.
We'll give your money back to you.
