People are losing their jobs.
People are lovely here in Kabylie.
People are made of flesh, not wood.
People are making bingos about everything, whether it’s a university, zodiac sign or ethnicity.
People are mocking me. I must be right.
People are monsters.
People are more aware of what they want than what they already have.
People are more conscious nowadays and choose healthy food.
People are more educated now than they used to be.
People are more important than money.
People are more inclined to believe in pseudoscience that flatters their preconceived notions.
People are more influenced by social media than they think they are.
People are more likely to fake being well than to fake being sick.
People are more than their appearance.
People are more than what they look like.
People are most angry when they feel they are being mocked. That's why those who are confident in themselves seldom become angry.
People are most angry when they feel they are being mocked. That’s why those who are confident in themselves seldom become angry.
People are much more aware of autism today than they used to be.
People are never as busy as they say. They have priorities, and sometimes it's just not your turn.
People are not always reasonable.
People are not always sensible.
People are not always what they seem.
People are not aware of their real strength.
People are not convinced through violence.
People are not disturbed by things, but by the views they take of them.
People are not rational.
People are not remembered by the number of times they fail but for the number of times they succeed.
People are not so easily forced into categories.
People are not the only ones who visit Carlsbad Caverns National Park. About 400,000 Mexican free-tailed bats come to the big cave from Mexico each summer to give birth.
People are not used to someone being honest.
People are not willing to lend money to people who aren't trustworthy.
People are not worse today than they used to be. Only reporting of their deeds has become more thorough.
People are now using large plantain leaves to store food — a move that has sparked mixed reactions among consumers and restaurateurs.
People are often quite sceptical about things if credible evidence isn't forthcoming.
People are often quite sceptical about things if no credible evidence is given.
People are often quite sceptical about things unless given credible evidence.
People are often quite skeptical about things unless given believable proof.
People are on strike in France.
People are only honest when they are dreaming.
People are only rude when they're insecure.
People are opening their windows.
People are ordered to observe a two-meter distance from one another in stores.
People are panicky.
People are partying and celebrating.
People are people through other people.
People are people, you are you, so to compare people to one another is pointless.
People are playing near the beach.
People are presenting reasons for not fulfilling their obligation to respond.
People are pretty forgiving.
People are prone to believe disparaging lies about people they don't like.
People are protesting against nuclear weapons.
People are protesting in Algeria.
People are protesting in Hong Kong.
People are protesting.
People are queuing up.
People are queuing.
People are quick to judge others based on appearance alone.
People are really angry.
People are really interesting.
People are really stupid sometimes.
People are really stupid.
People are really suffering.
People are responsible for their actions.
People are rewarded for heroism in putting out fires, not for preventing them.
People are rich here.
People are right in saying that we really lend only to the rich!
People are running away from me.
People are running away from us.
People are rushing to stock up on supplies as the coronavirus pandemic rages on.
People are saying that the crisis is over.
People are scared of each other.
People are scared to go out on the street.
People are scared to go out.
People are self-serving.
People are selfish.
People are sheep.
People are sick and tired of corporate greed.
People are sick of collaborationists.
People are sick of collaborators.
People are sickeningly jealous of all Capricorns because they can't be them.
People are silly.
People are singing and dancing in the street.
People are sitting about on the grass.
People are skeptical about new Caravaggio's paintings.
People are slaves.
People are so competitive nowadays.
People are so friendly around here.
People are so friendly here.
People are so funny.
People are so gullible.
People are so helpful.
People are so judgmental.
People are so lazy nowadays.
People are so low down these days!
People are so nice here.
People are so selfish.
People are so stupid.
People are social animals.
People are sometimes resistant to change.
People are sometimes tempted to eat more than they should.
People are speaking Russian.
People are speaking at the same time.
People are spiritually hungry.
People are standing in line.
People are staring at us.
People are staring.
People are starting to arrive.
People are starting to get bored.
People are starting to get hungry.
People are starting to get suspicious.
People are starting to look.
People are starting to notice us.
People are starting to notice.
People are starting to stare.
People are starting to talk.
People are starving to death.
People are still afraid to go out.
People are still afraid to leave their houses.
People are still asleep.
People are still going to do things even if you disapprove of them.
People are still living homeless.
People are still living in the street.
People are still queuing in the rain.
People are still recovering.
People are still scared.
People are still starving.
People are still suffering.
People are still talking about that.
People are still waiting.
People are stockpiling food.
People are strange here.
People are strange.
People are studying here.
People are stupid.
People are suffering from the contamination of the water supply.
People are taking sides on the abortion issue.
People are talking about it.
People are talking about this Internet phenomenon.
People are talking about us.
People are talking about you.
People are talking about your behavior.
People are talking about your behaviour.
People are talking.
People are the common denominator of progress. So, paucis verbis, no improvement is possible with unimproved people, and advance is certain when people are liberated and educated.
People are the only animals that can laugh.
People are the same everywhere.
People are things.
People are thronging the Christmas market.
People are tired of all this.
People are tired of pseudopandemic.
People are tired of that.
People are too afraid to complain.
People are too lazy to look it up themselves in a dictionary.
People are too materialistic these days, in the vulgar, rather than the philosophical sense of the word.
People are too stressed out.
People are training to go to Mars.
People are trapped by what they believe to be reality.
People are travelling more, which means learning a language is becoming more and more important.
People are treating Ziri badly.
People are trying to eat around here.
People are trying to sleep here.
People are trying to sleep in here.
People are unable to follow these rules.
People are unfaithful.
People are united by mindsets and torn apart by opinions.
People are united by mindsets, torn apart by opinions.
People are unpredictable.
People are urinating in public.
People are usually the architects of their own dilemmas.
People are very afraid.
People are very bad at understanding probabilities.
People are very bad at understanding probability.
People are very bad at understanding statistics.
People are very badly injured.
People are very busy here.
People are very friendly here.
People are very friendly.
People are very hospitable here.
People are very inclined to paranoia.
People are very nice here.
People are very resilient in general.
People are very resilient.
People are very scared.
People are very skeptical these days unless you show them definitive proof.
People are very surprised when I tell them what my name means.
People are very used to looking at the material side of life.
People are very used to looking outside themselves.
People are waiting for me.
People are waiting for the bus at the bus stop.
People are waiting for the sunset.
People are waiting for you there.
People are waiting for you.
People are waiting longer to get married and have children.
People are waiting longer to get married nowadays.
People are waiting longer to get married.
People are waiting on this.
People are waking up.
People are watching us.
People are watching you.
People are watching.
People are weird.
People are wild.
People are wise – some before the event, others after.
People are working on it.
People are working, and you're just sitting!
People are working, and you're just sitting?
People aren't all fundamentally good at heart.
People aren't all the same.
People aren't always rational.
People aren't born to have fun, but to rejoice.
People aren't goals.
People aren't like that.
People aren't meant to be alone.
People aren't perfect.
People aren't prepared for this.
People aren't rational.
People aren't seeing clearly.
People aren't so easily forced into categories.
People aren't stupid.
People aren't watching the game.
People around here are pretty friendly.
People around here are strange.
People around here are very superstitious.
People around here are weird.
People around here don't do that.
People around here don't have many opportunities to swim.
People around here don't often do that.
People around here don't usually do that.
People around here frequently do that.
People around here have been acting weird lately.
People around here have changed.
People around here just don't understand the orange shirts.
People around here leave their doors unlocked.
People around here often do that.
People around here seldom do that.
People around here speak French.
People around me say that you are very outgoing.
People around me were engaged in their own conversations.
People around the whole world speak English.
People around the world are fleeing their countries.
People around the world are getting fatter.
People around the world.
People around us help us to realize where we have made a mistake.
People arrived at a place where they can appreciate her paintings.
People as a whole don't do things like that.
People as a whole don’t do things like that.
People ask me 'why would you want to cherish a piece of junk like that?' But this little beauty means the world to me.
People ask me that a lot.
People ask me that all the time.
People ask me that question all the time.
People ask me ’why would you want to cherish a piece of junk like that?’ But this little beauty means the world to me.
People ask this question a lot.
People ask us that all the time.
People ask you for criticism, but only expect praise.
People ask you for criticism, but they only want praise.
People ask you that question all the time, don't they?
People associate intelligence with clarity of expression.
People at all levels are the essence of an organization and their full involvement enables their abilities to be used for the organization's benefit.
People at my school are no longer mandated to wear masks.
People attach more importance to popular culture today than in the past.
People began leaving their houses.
People began making ceramic pottery 20,000 years ago about 2000 years earlier than previously thought — according to a new analysis of ancient Chinese pot shards.
People began to fear him.
People began to fear the worst.
People believe Paul Wexler's nonsense because they want to believe it.
People believe Shlomo Sand's nonsense because they want to believe it.
People believe everything written in the newspapers.
People believe that god exists.
People believe that the whale possesses an intelligence comparable to man's.
People believe them.
People believe this report to be true.
People believe this report true.
People believe what they see.
People believe what they want to believe.
People believed Tom.
People believed her to be dead.
People believed him.
People believed that a monster lived in the cave.
People believed.
People belong to the moment where they wish they could stop time.
People better learn from this.
People blamed General Grant.
People blamed Tom for it.
People blamed Tom.
People born in February get to spend a higher percentage of the month celebrating their birthdays than those born in other months.
People born in January, February, and March, please gather over here.
People born in SÃ£o Paulo state are called Paulistas.
People born in São Paulo state are called Paulistas.
People born under the sun in Libra are adorable.
People bothered me so much that I couldn't finish my work.
People breathe more air through their nose than through their mouth.
People build houses, dams, bridges, ships and so on.
People built this city to be seen at night.
People burned incense sticks at the Buddhist temple to welcome the New Year.
People bustle at dawn, news arrives at dusk.
People buy houses, I buy books.
People buy these as souvenirs.
People buy these tickets many months before the tournament starts.
People buy things they don't need.
People call her Yotchan.
People call him Dave.
People call me Nuno and I hail from Portugal, but I stay in Rio.
People call me Tom.
People call me fat, but I prefer to be called to go eat.
People call me fat, but I'd rather they call me out to eat.
People call me fat.
People call me paranoid.
People call the sea the Mediterranean.
People call this kind of bird a cuckoo.
People called Reverend Dan Anderson for his advice.
People called Tom names and laughed at him.
People called for an immediate invasion of Cuba.
People called him a philosopher.
People came and went.
People came en masse.
People came from all over.
People came from everywhere to the Islamic center.
People came from far and wide to hear the President's speech.
People came from far and wide to hear the President’s speech.
People came from the farthest country.
People came running out of the burning building, screaming.
People came to drink orange juice more and more.
People came to like her paintings.
People came to see the strange animal in the zoo one after another.
People came to see the strange animal in the zoo, one after another.
People came to the border in crowds.
People came to the concert hall to listen to the famous orchestra.
People can accept praise more easily than criticism.
People can accuse me of lying, but can they deny brilliant linguists like Salem Chaker, Kamel Nait Zerrad or Miloud Taifi when they claim that Berber is a language?
People can accuse me of lying, but does the Algerian constitution lie when it acknowledges that Berber is a language and it is official in Algeria?
People can actually understand them.
People can be a bit silly at times. But the ones I work with are a pretty sensible lot.
People can be cruel.
People can be happy only if happiness isn't their goal in life.
People can be judged by the company they keep.
People can be more dangerous than any wild animal.
People can be really cruel.
People can be really predictable.
People can be really rude.
People can be really strange.
People can be really unpredictable.
People can be really weird.
People can be scarier than anything paranormal.
People can be so rude.
People can be unreasonable.
People can begin to love when they choose, but they have no choice when it comes to ending love.
People can believe whatever they want as long they don’t infringe upon anyone’s individual freedom.
People can choose to start loving, but can't choose to stop.
People can decide between me and you.
People can easily start loving, but not so easily stop.
People can easily tell the difference between them.
People can essentially be divided into two categories when it comes to making choices.
People can get Legionnaires’ disease when they breathe in small droplets of water in the air that contain the bacteria.
People can get addicted to home shopping.
People can get used to anything.
People can hear you.
People can hold different opinions on many issues.
People can live in superstructures in outer space.
People can protest in Algeria.
People can really only do that for themselves.
People can relax on the beach, surf in the ocean, hike along the island’s paths or kayak through its many marshes.
People can say what they want.
People can say whatever they want.
People can see you.
People can slowly become addicted to video gaming. Some may play for hours. They lose interest in doing other things. They stop going to school or work.
People can surprise you.
People can talk but animals cannot.
People can tell you to keep your mouth shut, but it doesn't stop you having your own opinions. Even if people are still very young, they shouldn't be prevented from saying what they think.
People can think the worst of me, I just won't pay attention to their opinions of me.
People can think what they like.
People can think whatever they want about me, I just won't care and I don't give a single care about it.
People can turn to the law if they want to correct an injustice.
People can understand each other if there is respect.
People can't afford to pay that much.
People can't do a lot of things at the same time.
People can't eat weapons in a war.
People can't find true friends in the Internet.
People can't have freedom if they don't fight for it.
People can't keep quiet.
People can't learn things from you.
People can't live forever.
People can't live without air.
People can't live without food.
People can't live without oxygen.
People can't live without water.
People can't see through my fake personality because I don't allow them to.
People can't sing while they're eating.
People can't stop talking about how nice a couple Tom and Mary are.
People can't tell us apart.
People cannot breathe properly through the respirators.
People cannot buy what they want or need.
People can’t live forever.
People can’t live without air.
People care more about animals that are big and have a name.
People carried their own weight then.
People celebrate Christmas in different ways around the world.
People celebrate Christmas in many different ways.
People celebrate New Year's Day in many different ways.
People change as they get older.
People change during the course of their life.
People change when they grow up.
People change.
People change. There's not much you can do about it.
People cheered as Tom crossed the finish line.
People chose to learn Esperanto, they are not forced into it.
People cling on to life more than anything - a funny idea, given all the beautiful things that exist in the world.
People clipped out the three minutes where Ziri talked about that idea and published it everywhere on social media.
People collect all kinds of things.
People come and go as they want.
People come and go from this house all the time.
People come and go.
People come back from all sorts of things.
People come before profit.
People come from afar to visit Algiers.
People come from all around the world just to see it.
People come from all over the world just to see it.
People come from different villages to see the healer.
People come from everywhere.
People come here for help.
People come here to be healed from various ailments.
People come to believe in, and love, the things they have to suffer for.
People come to this bath to be healed from various ailments.
People commonly get splinters.
People communicate approval by nodding, by clapping their hands, by smiling or laughing.
People complain about difficulties of housing accommodations and rising prices of goods. They know that it is a dumb system, but they are not outside rioting about it.
People complain too much.
People confide in me.
People consume less electricity than before.
People continue plowing the dirt.
People continue to be fooled into thinking American propaganda represents a world that actually exists.
People continue to be fooled into thinking Soviet propaganda represented a world that actually existed.
People continue to suffer because they lack the basics for their life.
People cope in different ways.
People could be listening.
People could get injured.
People could have avoided many mistakes by simple experiments.
People could have been hurt.
People could hear the horses.
People could not see any hopes of obtaining happiness in this life, thus they instinctively sought comfort in the afterlife.
People could see him.
People could've been hurt.
People couldn't resist William's charisma, which made him a hit at parties and social gatherings.
People count on you.
People cross borders for various reasons.
People crowd around the light, not to see better, but rather to shine better.
People crowded around Daniel's table.
People crushed by law, have no hopes but from power. If laws are their enemies, they will be enemies to laws; and those who have much to hope and nothing to lose, will always be dangerous.
People danced in the street.
People danced in the streets.
People depend on information to guide them through a complex world.
People depend on me.
People depend on you.
People depended on me.
People deplaning from heavily infected places such as Western Europe and the United States brought new cases of COVID-19.
People deserve a second chance.
People devised shelters in order to protect themselves.
People did not meekly accept the changes that were transforming society.
People didn't catch my message.
People didn't grasp my words.
People didn't like Tom.
People didn't understand what I said.
People die as a result of vaccination.
People die every day.
People die from eating things like that.
People die if they are killed. That's the way it should be.
People die in different ways.
People die in their sleep all the time.
People die in wars.
People die, but the things they create endure.
People died by the hundreds.
People died in their masses.
People differ in habits.
People differ in terms of how much sleep they need.
People dine very late in Spain.
People disappear without a trace.
People disappear without leaving a trace anywhere in the world.
People disguise themselves with a variety of costumes on Halloween.
People dislike Tom.
People do all kinds of strange things.
People do care about that.
People do it all the time.
People do it, but they don't talk about it.
People do make mistakes.
People do not abide by the rules.
People do not believe it.
People do not change easily.
People do not enjoy being confronted with their mortality.
People do not know her with this name.
People do not know the blessing of good health until they lose it.
People do not know this.
People do not know what bothers me.
People do not laugh at flaws.
People do not live to eat but eat to live.
People do not need to think so much about what they should do; they should much more inquire into what they are.
People do not respect the rules.
People do not talk about him.
People do not trust a weak government.
People do sometimes ask interesting questions.
People do sometimes make the wrong choices.
People do stupid things sometimes.
People do stupid things when they're angry.
People do stupid things when they're tired.
People do terrible things to people.
People do that all the time.
People do that every day.
People do that every week.
People do the craziest things.
People do the strangest things.
People do the weirdest things.
People do things like that every day.
People do things like that.
People do this all the time.
People do want moderation, badly, because no one wants to deal with the same bullshit over and over from people who can't be convinced otherwise.
People do what they have to.
People do what they want to do.
People do what they want to.
People do what they want.
People don't all learn in the same way.
People don't always act rationally.
People don't always act sensibly.
People don't always behave rationally.
People don't always behave sensibly.
People don't always really say what they mean.
People don't always say what they really mean.
People don't always speak in full sentences.
People don't always tell the truth.
People don't believe it.
People don't believe your silly propaganda!
People don't buy milk at this market.
People don't buy milk from this store.
People don't care about the truth.
People don't care about your problem.
People don't care what I think.
People don't care who you are and what you are saying.
People don't change, kid, they don't get better with age. They're not like wine.
People don't change.
People don't cry over spilled milk.
People don't die now of old age.
People don't do that every week.
People don't do that nowadays.
People don't do that.
People don't do things like that where I come from.
People don't forget things like that.
People don't forget things like this.
People don't grasp their own words.
People don't grow when you only talk negatively.
People don't hate you because you tell the truth; it's the opposite. People hate you because you lie constantly.
People don't have ideas, ideas have people.
People don't have time for each other anymore.
People don't know anything about love.
People don't know he's Muslim.
People don't know how to drive around here.
People don't know how to drive in this town.
People don't know own rights. And even if they know, they don't seek to protect them.
People don't know what's going to happen in Algeria.
People don't know where to call.
People don't know who to call.
People don't learn Spanish because of the Spanish, Mexican, or Argentinian economy. Likewise, people don't learn Japanese because of the Japanese economy. People value culture, cuisine, nice places, and the like.
People don't lie unless they got something to hide.
People don't like Mary.
People don't like Tom and me.
People don't like Tom.
People don't like change.
People don't like going online to look at memes and seeing a bunch of gore, scat, and Nazism, so they avoid 4chan.
People don't like him.
People don't like it, but I do.
People don't like the idea of a healthcare dictatorship.
People don't like to be conned.
People don't like to be fooled.
People don't like to do it, however, they do it.
People don't like to hear the truth because they are not prepared to have their illusions shattered.
People don't like to read.
People don't like to swim against the tide.
People don't like what he writes.
People don't like what they can't understand.
People don't like what you do.
People don't like working with Tom because he's hard to get along with.
People don't live forever.
People don't live there full time.
People don't move less because they're getting old. They get old because they're moving less.
People don't need mice and rats.
People don't need politicians, but politicians do need people.
People don't need politicians, but politicians need people.
People don't pay you to defecate or urinate.
People don't read novels as much as they used to.
People don't realise how hard it is to speak the truth, to a world full of people that don't realise they are living a lie.
People don't realize what they're saying.
People don't really care what you look like.
People don't say that anymore.
People don't smoke here.
People don't speak like that.
People don't take you very seriously when you're just an extra.
People don't talk like that.
People don't tell jokes like that any more.
People don't tend to like Sundays, but I do.
People don't treat Americans living abroad the way they treat Israelis living abroad.
People don't treat me the same anymore.
People don't trust the government.
People don't understand my paintings.
People don't understand that.
People don't understand the usefulness of uselessness.
People don't understand us.
People don't understand what it's about.
People don't understand what they're saying.
People don't understand what's going on nowadays.
People don't understand.
People don't usually behave that way.
People don't usually swim around here. The water's not too clean.
People don't usually tell jokes at funerals.
People don't visit Boston as often as they used to.
People don't want communism anywhere; this is why that can only work in a form of dictatorship.
People don't want it to end.
People don't want the truth.
People don't want to be ruled by a tyrant.
People don't want to die.
People don't want to hear that.
People don't want to know the truth.
People don't want to see that.
People don't want to understand.
People don't wish for what they own.
People don’t buy milk at this market.
People don’t buy milk from this store.
People don’t give a shit about what you feel or what you think.
People don’t like to swim against the tide.
People don’t say that anymore.
People dress colorfully in that culture.
People dress warmly in winter.
People drink coffee to perk themselves up.
People drink too much on New Year's Eve.
People drive on the right in Spain, and on the left in Japan.
People driving through southern Germany will see farmhouses with solar panels everywhere they look.
People drove cars.
People dying is persistent.
People eagerly sought a more modernised style of dress and transformed the old qipao to suit their tastes.
People eat a lot of okara donuts because they are healthy and still end up gaining weight.
People eat dead mushrooms, but mushrooms also eat dead people.
People eat frankfurters, meatballs and potato salad on New Year's Eve in Finland.
People eat to live. I live to eat.
People either love Tom or hate him. There are not many who are in between.
People emigrate for many reasons.
People entered our place.
People established churches and schools there.
People everywhere need to act together in the interests of the health and welfare of humanity, for the sake of this and future generations.
People everywhere yearn for public leaders dedicated to world peace.
People expect comedians to be funny.
People expect things from us.
People expect too much.
People expected a lot from him.
People experiencing unimaginable grief are going to deal with that in the way that makes the most sense to them.
People exploit and abuse animals at will.
People fall in love every day all over the world.
People fall in love every day.
People fear the strange and the unfamiliar.
People fear the strange, the unfamiliar.
People fear war. Unfortunately not all of them. Some promote it. Not only the high-ups.
People feel educational standards slipped when the government cut finances.
People feel fucked over.
People feel most at ease when they are at home.
People find love every day.
People find out they are infected after passing the parasite in their stool or vomit.
People flatter the elephant and trample the ant.
People follow their lead.
People followed him.
People followed the dictator like a herd of sheep.
People following the 2018 FIFA World Cup have witnessed some very surprising results. Teams thought to have a good chance of winning, like Germany, Portugal and Brazil, have been ousted from the competition.
People forced to stay at home will be able to watch the livestreamed prayer service along with live images of the shroud.
People form society.
People formed long lines in front of registers early in the morning with shopping carts piled high.
People fought over supplies.
People found jokes paired with laughter funnier than jokes without.
People from Bristol are known as Bristolians.
People from China play another kind of chess.
People from France often speak French.
People from Hull are known as Hullensians.
People from Madrid are lunatics.
People from Madrid are weird.
People from Massachusetts are assholes.
People from Ocracoke Island are called Ocockers.
People from Santiago are not as pleasant as the rest of the Chileans.
People from Santiago aren't as kind as the rest of the Chileans.
People from Shanghai speak Shanghainese; they can also speak Mandarin.
People from all around the world attended to his funeral.
People from all over the world covet a table at this very restaurant.
People from all over the world say that English is difficult to learn.
People from all the surrounding towns traveled to Mary's farm to buy her coleslaw.
People from many different countries were there.
People from more than 14 countries attended the talks.
People from older generations may have no idea what is social anxiety even.
People from the Americas are kind.
People from the East do not look at things the same as we do.
People from the East don't look at things the same way we do.
People from the Northern Hemisphere are richer than those from the Southern Hemisphere.
People from the expressway cannot see Ziri's tent.
People from the so-called first world look at us Latinos as if we hadn't invented the wheel yet.
People from this country are Americans.
People from this country are Canadian.
People gather around here when it gets dark.
People gathered around us.
People gathered at the Hakaniemi Market on Walpurgis Night to listen to speeches and prepare for the May Day train.
People gathered at the water's edge.
People gathered in the park.
People gathered there.
People gathered with tomatoes and eggs to condemn the mayor's actions.
People generally become less healthy as they age.
People generally greet each other by shaking hands in my country.
People generally tend to imagine cowboy boots with spurs rather than without.
People get angry sometimes.
People get fired for doing things like that.
People get hit by cars every day.
People get houses, I get books.
People get lost at the sea every day.
People get lost in Algeria every day.
People get lost in the desert every day.
People get lost in the jungle every day.
People get lost in the national park every day.
People get lost in the ocean every day.
People get lost in the woods every day.
People get lost in these mountains every day.
People get lost in this area every day.
People get lost in this city every day.
People get lost in this country every day.
People get lost in this park every day.
People get mugged every day.
People get murdered every day.
People get pretty emotional.
People get run over every day.
People get to the island by driving over a long bridge.
People get vaccinated to create immunity against a disease.
People get very angry when they feel they are being mocked. That's why those who are self-confident rarely get angry.
People get what they deserve.
People getting pissed off about sentences written by other members of the Tatoeba project look like idiots.
People give Ziri things.
People go fishing to get away from it all.
People go to prison for that.
People go to the beach during the summer.
People go to the polls to vote.
People gossip behind my back.
People got killed.
People got to know me, and I had the same waitress all the time.
People got up.
People gratuitously making fools out of themselves is a consequence of a pluralistic and permissive society.
People greatly differ in their views of life.
People greeted Damiano in Berber.
People grow more cynical with age.
People grow up too fast.
People had more money to spend on new goods.
People had no idea how bad things were.
People had no idea what was going on.
People hailed him as king.
People hate feeling trapped.
People hate them.
People have a fear of wars.
People have a hard time admitting they have prejudices because it's viewed as a bad thing about a person instead of a social problem we've inherited.
People have a lot of orifices, and behind each one lurks a specialist.
People have a right to express themselves.
People have a right to know.
People have a tendency to get irritable when they're hungry.
People have a tendency to underestimate their future needs.
People have all kinds of problems.
People have already looted the abandoned house out.
People have already promised money for his project.
People have always been like that.
People have always been people.
People have always boycotted companies and products.
People have always looked down on me.
People have asked me that question before.
People have babies because it's in the order of things.
People have become so rotten!
People have been buying me drinks all night.
People have been complaining about your behavior.
People have been complaining about your behaviour.
People have been congratulating me all day.
People have been gossiping about you.
People have been hurt.
People have been injured.
People have been killed for less.
People have been killed.
People have been praising your behaviour.
People have been sticking gum to the wall since the '90s, and travel website TripAdvisor calls it the second germiest tourist attraction in the world after Ireland's Blarney Stone.
People have been talking about that all day.
People have been talking about us.
People have been talking about you and me.
People have been talking about you.
People have been talking behind your back.
People have been told to stay away from their offices and remain indoors as much as possible.
People have been very cooperative.
People have changed.
People have choices.
People have chopped down some trees - not all of them - by the side of the road.
People have died because of you.
People have died here.
People have different habits.
People have different interests.
People have different personalities.
People have different ways of understanding things.
People have different worldviews on this subject.
People have difficulty breaking old habits.
People have difficulty giving up old habits.
People have eaten with their fingers from the beginning of history.
People have forgotten how to do it.
People have forgotten how to do that.
People have forgotten it all about enforcing the rules since COVID-19 has gone away from our lives.
People have forgotten me.
People have forgotten the importance of balance.
People have forgotten them.
People have given us money.
People have goals and interests.
People have got to put plastic and glass bottles in the proper containers.
People have had their fill of laughing at you!
People have known since ancient times that aspirin lessens pain and lowers high body temperature.
People have learned to take his words lightly.
People have lived in Algeria since prehistoric times.
People have lost everything.
People have lost hope.
People have lost the ability to disagree without being disagreeable.
People have many things to communicate and many ways to do so.
People have more leisure than they have ever had.
People have no idea how bad things are here.
People have no idea what is happening in reality.
People have no use for the truth.
People have often wondered how this road, traversing some three thousand miles across lonely prairie and lonelier mountains, escaped having its trains held up by robbers, as was common in some other similarly situated countries.
People have outrage only for me and no one else. Every time I'm happy, people become furious.
People have problems in their lives.
People have separation anxiety like lap dogs.
People have short memories.
People have spent whole careers trying to find a link between Turkic and Uralic languages.
People have spread bad rumours about me.
People have started arming themselves.
People have supper around eight-thirty in France.
People have taken to the streets.
People have the right to be wrong.
People have the right to boycott any country they want to boycott.
People have the right to defend themselves.
People have the right to express themselves.
People have the right to have their opinions heard.
People have the right to know.
People have the right to lie.
People have the right to protect themselves.
People have the tendency to speak more loudly when they get excited.
People have time upon time faced 'a war that must not be lost'.
People have time upon time faced ’a war that must not be lost’.
People have to be ready.
People have to do things to survive.
People have to know the truth.
People have to obey the rules.
People have to obey their parents.
People have to pay their bills.
People have to sleep.
People have to talk about something just to keep their voice boxes in working order so they'll have good voice boxes in case there's ever anything really meaningful to say.
People have told me I'm flighty.
People have two ears.
People have two eyes.
People have two hands.
People have two legs.
People have variety. My preferred model of anthropology has four subspecies of the human species: Mongoloid (variants Sundadont, Sinodont, and Super-Sinodont), Caucasoid (variants Nordic and Mediterranean), Negroid (variants Congoid and Capoid), and Australoid (variants Veddoid, Negrito, Papuan, Melanesian, Aborigine).
People have weird ideas.
People have wondered for millennia if our planet was unique in the universe.
People have wondered for millennia whether we are truly alone.
People have worldly passions which lead them into delusions and sufferings.
People hear but don't listen.
People hear only what they want to hear.
People hear without listening.
People heard about him.
People help each other here.
People here are a little strange.
People here are agreeable.
People here are awfully nice.
People here are friendly.
People here are getting sick.
People here are happy.
People here are really nice.
People here are set in their ways.
People here are so friendly.
People here are so rude.
People here are starving.
People here are strange.
People here are superstitious.
People here are very hospitable.
People here are very prejudiced.
People here are very superstitious.
People here are weird.
People here depend on public transportation.
People here don't do that.
People here don't like Tom.
People here don't usually do those kinds of things.
People here have been very friendly.
People here have suffered a lot.
People here in Boston are getting soft.
People here know me.
People here know that.
People here know who I am.
People here laugh at my jokes.
People here like to talk.
People here love you.
People here need help.
People here think differently.
People here think otherwise.
People here trust me.
People here usually go to bed early.
People here want jobs.
People hide their true feelings.
People immediately crowded around Daniel.
People immediately parted to let the principal through.
People in Algeria are confused.
People in Algeria live very differently.
People in Asia have problems with understanding articles in English.
People in Brazil were proud of him.
People in Bremen speak Low German.
People in China are using mobile phone apps to follow and, perhaps, help slow the spread of the coronavirus, COVID-19.
People in Cusco are glad when we speak Quechua.
People in England who know and love the game – as well as those who don't – call it 'football'.
People in Europe hoisted the flag of Libya and Syria when these countries were attacked in the last decade.
People in Hollywood are vain and superficial.
People in Hollywood are vain.
People in Indian communities have the right to control other people's children.
People in Minnesota are nice.
People in Siwa speak Berber.
People in Southeast Asia spend the most time in the world accessing the internet through mobile devices, according to a new study conducted in part by Google.
People in Taiwan work hard.
People in different cultures need more or less personal space.
People in every walk of life go to church.
People in general are against the new law.
People in general have faith in everything newspapers say.
People in love do crazy things.
People in northern Algeria speak various Berber dialects.
People in nursing facilities that need help with personal activities are usually not used to being in such a state of dependence, so they'll need patience as they adjust. It's also important to always maintain their dignity as much as possible.
People in other countries often say that the Japanese are not religious enough.
People in our company like Tom.
People in poor countries have more children than people in rich countries.
People in quarantine or who are self-isolating will ideally confine themselves to a separate room.
People in such countries, especially the ASEAN countries, believe that the secret of Japan's remarkable economic growth is education.
People in such countries, especially the ASEAN countries, believe that the secret of Japan’s remarkable economic growth is education.
People in that country are pressed by hunger.
People in the Middle Ages knew the earth was round.
People in the Northern Hemisphere are in for a once-in-a-millennium treat on December 21 — the winter solstice and the longest night of the year — when Jupiter and Saturn will meet in a “great conjunction,” the closest they will be seen in the sky together for nearly 800 years.
People in the United States speak English.
People in the back row craned to see the stage.
People in the country were living under a tyranny.
People in the room didn't say anything.
People in the room didn’t say anything.
People in the town came to help him.
People in the village forgot them.
People in the village still talked about the horrible way Tom had died.
People in the world are always advocating for more freedom and equality.
People in these areas are growing hungrier each year.
People in this Mexican village are conservative and they're bothered by the lightly dressed American tourists.
People in this area create nuclear families earlier in life.
People in this country are dumb.
People in this country make it a habit to bow when they meet.
People in this town know me.
People in this village are Muslim and they seem to be bothered by the lightly dressed Western tourists.
People in this village began to mysteriously vanish about three weeks ago.
People in this village have no running water.
People in those days already knew that the earth is round.
People in those olden times had convictions; we moderns only have opinions, and it takes more than a mere opinion to erect a Gothic cathedral.
People in towns are attracted by life in the country.
People in trouble often have nowhere to turn.
People infected with the virus are homicidal, insane.
People inspire you, or they drain you. Pick them wisely.
People invent.
People joke about dung beetles.
People just need time to adjust to the new environment.
People just really need to be careful.
People just seem to love Tom.
People keep asking Dan how many languages he can speak.
People keep asking me that.
People keep on recommending this book to me in super high terms.
People keep saying that he's beautiful, but really, he isn't.
People keep saying that she's beautiful, but really, she isn't.
People keep surprising you.
People kill people.
People know almost nothing about that, however, they give their opinion.
People know each other in the village.
People know her more than her brother.
People know him well in the village.
People know how awesome you are.
People know how handy you are to have around. You're a real jack-of-all-trades but make sure you don't turn out to be master of none.
People know how handy you are to have around. You’re a real jack-of-all-trades but make sure you don’t turn out to be master of none.
People know how to live here.
People know me in this neighborhood.
People know me.
People know that he steal.
People know that there were young men of noble rank amongst them.
People know them.
People know what's happening.
People know who you are.
People laugh at you behind your back.
People laughed at Tom.
People laughed at him.
People laughed at me a lot when I stuck my horns in front of the blackboard, where I wrote.
People laughed at me.
People laughed at the boy.
People learn by example.
People learn differently.
People learn from experience.
People learn from me.
People learn from their mistakes.
People learn how to talk, but they don't learn how to listen.
People learn when they teach.
People learn while they teach.
People learning a second language might have heard of the expression “false friend.” This term is used to describe words in different languages that look alike, but have different meanings.
People left a lot of stupid comments on your blog today.
People left me alone.
People let their guards down.
People lie all the time.
People lie and cheat.
People lie every day.
People lie on the Internet.
People lie.
People like Benjamin Netanyahu should die in prison.
People like Damiano are considered scums of society.
People like Tom and Mary probably know how to speak French.
People like Tom and Mary probably know how to swim.
People like Tom and me don't do things like that.
People like Tom and me.
People like Tom are difficult to deal with.
People like Tom are rare.
People like Tom because he tells them what they want to hear.
People like Tom because he's friendly.
People like Tom don't belong here.
People like Tom don't do things like that.
People like Tom irritate me.
People like Tom lie all the time.
People like Tom make me sick.
People like Tom more than Mary.
People like Tom more than they like Mary.
People like Tom often get into fights.
People like Tom see the truth as a means to an end to be deployed whenever lies are unnecessary.
People like Tom should be shot.
People like Tom usually give up after a few years.
People like Tom.
People like Yanni give our community a bad name.
People like Yitzhak need to be listened to.
People like Ziri are good for manual jobs.
People like a happy ending.
People like attention.
People like being clean.
People like being praised.
People like gossiping.
People like him because he is friendly.
People like him because he is kind.
People like him because he's nice.
People like him because he's so likeable.
People like him because of his friendliness.
People like him don't belong here.
People like him.
People like me don't usually get along with people like you.
People like me who have lots of imagination aren't easily jealous.
People like me, but they don't love me.
People like me.
People like my mom.
People like my mum.
People like others in different ways.
People like soccer but I don't.
People like spring.
People like talking about others.
People like talking about their children.
People like talking about themselves.
People like talking with Tom.
People like that inspire no respect.
People like that scare me.
People like this restaurant.
People like to be praised.
People like to come here.
People like to exaggerate.
People like to fight.
People like to talk to you.
People like to talk.
People like us can be found everywhere.
People like us have to stick together.
People like us need help.
People like us, we got to stick together.
People like us, who believe in physics, know that the distinction between past, present, and future is only a stubbornly persistent illusion.
People like us.
People like what I do.
People like what he says.
People like you are an embarrassment to Algeria.
People like you are never busy.
People like you are never happy.
People like you are the problem.
People like you disgust me.
People like you don't get along with people like me.
People like you make me sick.
People like you piss me off the most.
People like you really make me sick.
People like you scare me.
People like you shouldn't be here.
People like you.
People liked Jimmy Carter.
People liked Tom.
People liked him all the better for his faults.
People liked what Tom did.
People liked what he did.
People lined up in front of the ramen restaurant although it was not open yet.
People lined up outside the store.
People listen to Tom.
People listen to the whispering of a nice woman more than the loudest call of duty.
People live better in the countryside than in cities.
People live in different worlds.
People live in those caves.
People live longer nowadays.
People live only about 70 years.
People lived in villages.
People living here are very worried.
People living in Japan must abide by the Japanese Constitution.
People living in a big city tend to lack exercise.
People living in larger houses, however, do tend to be more satisfied with their property, according to Bellet, but that satisfaction plunges when even more massive houses are built nearby.
People living in the city don't know how pleasant it is to live in the countryside.
People living in this area are dying because of the lack of water.
People living in this area are dying for want of water.
People living in town don't know the pleasures of country life.
People living in town don’t know the pleasures of country life.
People living in urban centers for generations tend to have more neotenic, androgynous features than those who've lived in the countryside.
People living on coastlines might lose their homes, and cities might be completely submerged.
People look at Tom, and they think he's not as smart as he actually is.
People look at things differently depending on whether they are rich or poor.
People look like ants.
People lose weight at different speeds.
People lost faith in banks.
People love Tom.
People love dogs.
People love freedom.
People love him.
People love it.
People love sports heroes.
People love talking of their diseases, although they are the most uninteresting things in their lives.
People love talking.
People love the tradition of buying records and then playing them at home.
People love this imam.
People love to check out each other's houses.
People love to check out each other’s houses.
People love to fight.
People love to inspect each other's houses.
People love to inspect each other’s houses.
People love to laugh.
People love to speak.
People love to talk - talk - talk.
People love to talk, talk, talk.
People love to talk.
People love to talk. I don't.
People love watching celebrities lip-sync to popular songs online.
People loved her.
People made fun of Fyodor.
People made fun of him behind his back.
People made fun of my clothes.
People made fun of the way I was dressed.
People make fun of me all the time.
People make fun of you all the time, don't they?
People make jams out of medlars.
People make mistakes in a situation like this.
People make mistakes, and you are the best example of that.
People make mistakes.
People make that mistake a lot.
People marching with swastika flags are not appropriate for children.
People massed along the streets to watch the parade.
People matter more than fetuses.
People may do whatever they want.
People may not even know that they have the disease.
People may not remember that.
People merely seeking to confirm their own beliefs will take the mere gesture of waving apparent evidence around as confirmation.
People might be able to do easily what comes hard to others. That's not weird. What's weird is this: Teachers don't know this, and teach all students the same way.
People might not even notice anything.
People might not get all they work for in this world, but they must certainly work for all they get.
People might notice.
People might say I'm old-fashioned, but I think that one shouldn't have sexual relationships before marriage.
People might think of deserts as dry expanses of land that are hostile to life. But the Sonoran Desert, which spans the southwest United States and northwest Mexico, is teeming with plants and animals that thrive in dry conditions.
People might think you're crazy if you did that.
People might think you're crazy if you do that.
People might think you're stupid if you do that.
People mistakenly think that the past was better than the present.
People move around.
People move around; get used to it.
People must accept this.
People must examine the front and back of a coin.
People must have a religion, and not believe in priests, just as they must have a diet and not believe in physicians.
People must learn to be satisfied.
People must love one another.
People must not be told the truth.
People must use foxes to catch foxes.
People my age can't do things like that.
People my age have grandchildren already.
People my age usually don't watch as much TV as older people do.
People need God.
People need a way to express themselves.
People need clean water.
People need community and connection.
People need community.
People need connection.
People need help caring for their aging family members.
People need help.
People need hope.
People need inspiration.
People need love.
People need physical touch.
People need some kind of relief.
People need the money now.
People need to be alone sometimes.
People need to be aware of that.
People need to be aware of their differences, but also embrace their commonness.
People need to be aware that that might happen.
People need to be more energetic when they present their work.
People need to be more lively when presenting their work.
People need to be on their guard at all times when they are around me.
People need to cross over a very narrow bridge, and the rule, the most important thing, is that they not be frightened at all.
People need to eat.
People need to enjoy themselves.
People need to express themselves; they cannot do so unless society allows them liberty to do so.
People need to feel connected to one another.
People need to hear about this.
People need to hear the truth.
People need to hear your perspective, however unfashionable it may be.
People need to keep that in mind.
People need to know about this.
People need to know that it works.
People need to know the facts.
People need to know the truth.
People need to know what happened.
People need to look after themselves.
People need to pay more attention.
People need to remember that.
People need to stop hating.
People need to understand that there's no easy fix for everything, and that some things take time and effort.
People needed a more practical system of exchange, so various money systems developed.
People never believe me.
People no longer consider it strange for men to let their hair grow long.
People no longer have privacy.
People normally breathe 12 to 20 times a minute.
People notice every move he makes.
People noticed and were attracted by Mark's positivity.
People noticed back in the 70s or so that maybe one or two moose were straggling back into the Adirondacks.
People noticed that Sami spent a lot of time with Layla.
People now have the Web, personal data assistants, microwave ovens, and other technologies. You can consider we're already in the future.
People nowadays are so competitive.
People nowadays have short attention spans.
People nowadays spend a lot of time in front of computers.
People obviously like it.
People of 65 and above get a pension from the government.
People of Almaty, let us create a child-friendly city!
People of Asia must work together.
People of all ages like his poems and stories.
People of all ages like this song.
People of all genders and ages can become victim of human trafficking, which occurs in every region of the world.
People of average height appear positively pint-sized next to Tom.
People of my generation all think the same way about this.
People of privilege will always risk their complete destruction rather than surrender any material part of their advantage.
People of privilege will always risk their complete destruction rather than surrender any material part of their advantage. Intellectual myopia, often called stupidity, is no doubt a reason. But the privileged also feel that their privileges, however egregious they may seem to others, are a solemn, basic, God-given right. The sensitivity of the poor to injustice is a trivial thing compared with that of the rich.
People of the world - the scale of our challenge is great. The road ahead will be long. But I come before you to say that we are heirs to a struggle for freedom.
People of the world, how do you spend the last day of the old year? Here, on Caroline Island, we met the new year a little earlier than you did.
People of this country do not respect their old traditions any longer.
People of your age often have this problem.
People of your ilk are not welcome in this establishment.
People often ask me that.
People often ask us this question.
People often believe that talking to a person in crisis about suicide might make them more likely to do it, but the opposite is true.
People often buy paper plates for parties.
People often buy things that they don't need.
People often buy things they don't need.
People often catch him in little white lies.
People often compare politicians to wolves.
People often complain about Tom's uncivilised behaviour.
People often complain about high prices.
People often complain about the weather.
People often complain of how others treat them unjustly, failing to perceive that their own behaviour is quite objectionable.
People often confuse the difference between an argument and a debate.
People often don't notice that when they treat someone contemptuously and disrespectfully, they don't just hurt that person, but also cast themselves in a bad light.
People often don't notice their own faults.
People often don't tell the whole truth.
People often don’t notice their own faults.
People often enter into a relationship thinking that they can change the other person.
People often exchange gifts on Christmas morning.
People often fall asleep while reading.
People often feel ten feet tall and bulletproof after taking ice.
People often give fake personal information when setting up website accounts.
People often have no sympathy for geniuses.
People often hide their true feelings.
People often know perfectly well what they are doing.
People often latch onto conspiracy stories because they cannot accept simple explanations for life-altering events, according to Ditto.
People often laud Christopher Columbus for all the lands that he discovered, but most are completely unaware of his numerous under-the-sea discoveries.
People often lie about their ages.
People often lie about what they did on the weekend, so their friends won't realize how boring they really are.
People often lie about what they did on the weekend, so their friends won’t realize how boring they really are.
People often live comfortably in the suburbs.
People often make bad choices.
People often make mistakes.
People often make that mistake.
People often mistake his glibness for actual intelligence.
People often mistake me for my brother.
People often refer to meteors as "falling" or "shooting" stars.
People often refer to themselves in the third person when talking to children.
People often romanticize the traditions of yesteryear.
People often rush into marriage.
People often said that to my mum.
People often said this to my mother.
People often say I have beautiful eyes.
People often say I look a lot like my father.
People often say that Japanese is a difficult language.
People often say things they don't mean when they're angry.
People often say to my mother: "Please don't drink too much."
People often say to my mother: "Please don’t drink too much."
People often seek to magnify others' faults while minimizing their own.
People often segregate the two approaches, but they can often work together.
People often spill their guts to bartenders.
People often stare at my large package.
People often take me for my brother.
People often tell me more than I want to know.
People often try to read their own ideologies into nature.
People often underestimate Tom.
People often underrate the importance of sleep.
People on Earth are suffering from heat more and more.
People on lower incomes spend a disproportionate amount of their income on rent.
People on space stations float.
People on that island are very poor.
People on the Internet can help Ziri.
People on the island are asking for help.
People on the island are asking you for help.
People on the plane were very nervous.
People on the website engage in a disgraceful behavior of bullying Antonio, tarnishing the online community's reputation.
People on this island are healthy.
People once believed the world was flat.
People once held that the world was flat.
People once mocked the idea that the earth is round.
People once thought that flight for them was impossible, but today we have airplanes. Similarly, we can think that human life in deep space and on other celestial objects would not be impossible in the future.
People only see what they are prepared to see.
People originate from the same Source, yet they hate each other.
People ought to have the freedom to think for themselves.
People ought to recognise their own mistakes.
People ought to work.
People out there are nothing but trouble.
People over 18 are allowed to drive cars.
People over 65 were banned from leaving home.
People over the age of 18 are able to drive.
People over the age of 18 can drive cars.
People overcomplicate things.
People paid Ziri for his services.
People panicked.
People physically assault you to steal your money.
People place more trust in a deceptive image than in an article full of facts.
People pleaser are afraid to anger others.
People pleasers are ass-licking cowards.
People pleasers are bootlickers.
People pleasers are co-dependent.
People pleasers are cock-licking cowards.
People pleasers are cock-sucking cowards.
People pleasers are cowards.
People pleasers are dick-licking cowards.
People pleasers are dick-sucking cowards.
People pleasers are hypocrites.
People pleasers crave dick sucking.
People pleasers like licking asses.
People pleasers like licking boots.
People pleasers like sucking dicks.
People pleasers love licking asses.
People pleasers love sucking cocks.
People pleasers love sucking dicks.
People pleasers seek to please assholes at the expense of other people.
People poured into more than 580 theaters in small towns across the country to watch versions dubbed in Hindi, Tamil, Telugu and other Indian languages.
People poured into the amusement park.
People poured into the auditorium.
People prefer false praise to sincere criticism.
People prefer familiarity.
People prefer losing their ways to changing their ways.
People prefer sunshine to rain.
People prefer to elect a candidate from the left or right to more or less keep the same policy in place, rather than electing a centrist candidate whose side they don't know well.
People prefer to translate short sentences.
People probably won't listen.
People punish petty thieves but love big thieves.
People pursue more freedom and equality.
People queued in the rain.
People rained words of praise on the hero.
People ran away in fear.
People ran for their lives.
People ran out of the castle.
People rarely come to see you once you are retired.
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.
People react to the frustration in much the same way.
People really are stupid sometimes.
People really enjoyed that.
People really feared him.
People really knew how to have fun in those days.
People really like Tom.
People really like that.
People really like what he writes.
People really want answers.
People really would do anything for money.
People recover from all sorts of things.
People recover from trauma.
People regard him as nothing.
People regretted his sudden death deeply.
People rely on ferries for transportation in Bangladesh, a low-lying nation with hundreds of rivers.
People rely too much on phones these days.
People repeat their mistakes in order to become adults.
People reported a shooting on Jackson Street.
People respect Tom.
People respect high self-esteem.
People respect me here.
People respond to encouragement.
People returning from Spain are required to self-quarantine for 14 days.
People rightly criticize the villainous behavior of J.K. Rowling. If she didn't want to be criticized, she shouldn't have become a celebrity.
People rose in revolt against the King.
People rose in revolt against the king.
People run away from her.
People run away from him.
People run away from them.
People run away from us.
People rushed toward the exit, jostling each other.
People said I was pretty.
People said nice things.
People said so in the sixties.
People said that he is insane.
People said that if we stopped listening to trolls, they would disappear. So we stopped listening to them, and now they rule the world.
People said that, if you prayed, things sometimes came to you, even though they sometimes did not.
People say I have a nice voice.
People say I have beautiful eyes.
People say I look about the same age as my sister.
People say I mumble a lot.
People say I mumble.
People say I'm a good surgeon.
People say I'm crazy.
People say I'm dumb.
People say I'm evil.
People say I'm hypocritical. But just because I defy a few specific laws doesn't mean I should defy either all of them or none at all.
People say I'm obese.
People say I'm sometimes too picky.
People say Tom is a genius.
People say Tom is bold.
People say Tom is brilliant.
People say Tom is very smart.
People say Tom's bold.
People say a lot of things that they don't really mean.
People say a lot of things they don't really mean.
People say chocolate and chips go really well together, but I don't really like that combo.
People say he never dies.
People say he was really diligent when he was young.
People say he's competent.
People say it often enough.
People say it's delicious hot out of the pan, but I can't eat it when it's that hot.
People say she was an actress when she was young.
People say something is cold even if it is at a relatively low temperature, especially compared to body temperature.
People say that Homer was blind.
People say that I dream every night, but if I do, I can't ever remember any of my dreams.
People say that I look a bit like Tom.
People say that I look like Tom.
People say that I'm dumb.
People say that I'm evil.
People say that I'm sometimes too picky.
People say that Japan is the richest country in the world.
People say that Tom is bold.
People say that all the time.
People say that he has never left his village.
People say that he is the richest man in this town.
People say that he never left his village.
People say that he's still alive.
People say that if you're angry enough, you'll achieve spontaneous combustion.
People say that life is short.
People say that love is blind.
People say that the fox is more cunning than other animals.
People say that time heals all wounds, but that's wrong: some wounds never heal.
People say the new airport is as big and useless as a white elephant.
People say the same thing about Tom.
People say we're doing too much. I say it's not enough.
People say: The heart is never wrong. It is very difficult to deceive the heart.
People scattered in all directions.
People see things differently according as they are rich or poor.
People see things differently depending on whether they're rich or poor.
People see what they want to see.
People seek escape from the heat of the town.
People seek refuge or migrate to other lands, to other countries when there is no opportunity, no food and no hope at home.
People seem more serious nowadays than they used to.
People seem more serious nowadays.
People seem to be magnetically attracted to Tom.
People seem to be treating me differently today.
People seem to like Tom.
People seem to love this store.
People seem to really like that.
People seemed dazed.
People seemed to be anxious about the future.
People seen as geniuses seem to share a lot in common.
People seldom do that nowadays.
People sell all kinds of things.
People send Christmas cards to wish happiness.
People severely criticized the Eiffel Tower during its construction.
People shared what they had.
People sharing a ride should refrain from conversation with other passengers.
People shoot burns all the time.
People should always be busy with some work.
People should be able to leave a group or organization they don't want to be in, without fear of repercussions.
People should be beautiful in every way—in their faces, in the way they dress, in their thoughts and in their innermost selves.
People should be dancing.
People should be encouraged.
People should be frightened by me by all means.
People should be honest with one another.
People should be on their guard when first meeting me, I'm like a tickling bomb ready to explode you into your face at any time.
People should be the masters of their own destinies.
People should be warned about that.
People should be warned.
People should buy some silver tomorrow.
People should care more about animals' welfare.
People should do everything required of them.
People should do their best.
People should eat healthy.
People should get more involved.
People should give their eyes about 30 minutes to adjust to the dark.
People should have realistic expectations.
People should love each other.
People should love one another.
People should mind their own business first and foremost.
People should pay more taxes, and the hole in the ozone layer will disappear.
People should remember their own humble past.
People should sleep at least 7 hours each night.
People should stop doing things like that.
People should understand that the world is changing.
People should wash their bodies.
People should wash themselves.
People shouldn't abuse animals.
People shouldn't be allowed to invade countries whose names they can't pronounce correctly.
People shouldn't be allowed to trade water futures.
People shouldn't do that.
People shouldn't drink and drive.
People shouldn't drink and drive. Some people shouldn't even drink and walk.
People shouldn't eat that kind of stuff.
People shouldn't feel sorry for me.
People shouldn't have as much money as Tom has.
People shouldn't have to learn English.
People shouldn't know everything.
People shouldn't stare at foreigners.
People shouldn’t abuse animals.
People shouldn’t stare at foreigners.
People show up bright on an infrared camera because of their body heat.
People showered words of praise on the hero.
People similar to me and I won't mention it in the future.
People smile because they're happy and content.
People sometimes ask interesting questions.
People sometimes ask me what I'm going to do when I retire.
People sometimes ask me what I’m going to do when I retire.
People sometimes compare death to sleep.
People sometimes do get struck by lightning.
People sometimes do strange things.
People sometimes do stupid things.
People sometimes exaggerate their abilities.
People sometimes lie about their age.
People sometimes make illogical decisions.
People sometimes narrate their actions to themselves as a running commentary.
People speak Berber here.
People speak English and Manx in the Isle of Man.
People speak French here.
People speak of their thoughts and desires.
People speak so much about the need for leaving a better planet for our children, and forget the urgency of leaving better children for our planet.
People spend a third of their lives in bed.
People spend a third of their lives sleeping.
People spend about half their life sleeping.
People spend less time in prison than you do on Tatoeba.
People spend less time outdoors than they used to.
People started applauding.
People started calling him Sami.
People started calling me Tom even though that wasn't my name.
People started cheering.
People started clapping.
People started coming forward and telling police what they knew.
People started dancing.
People started flocking around Ziri.
People started flowing in.
People started getting frustrated with Bouteflika.
People started getting off the plane.
People started leaving one by one.
People started leaving.
People started noticing what we were doing.
People started screaming.
People started showing up around five.
People started showing up at 2:30.
People started talking.
People started to be suspicious of her and thought that perhaps she had a secret source of information.
People started to believe it.
People started to leave early.
People started to notice that.
People started to run all at once.
People started using that cemetery again.
People started walking with canes because the hollow ones could be filled with whiskey.
People started yelling.
People stay in one place while meditating.
People stay outside.
People still do that from time to time.
People still do that, apparently.
People still don't understand what's so bad about that.
People still fart and it's 2018.
People still have no experience in bearing children outside of Earth.
People still live in caves.
People still think Tom and Mary are liars.
People still think Tom is a liar.
People still think Tom is lying.
People still want to do that.
People stood in queue for hours for the autograph session of the popular pop group.
People stopped and stared at Tom.
People stopped socialising because of the coronavirus.
People strive towards various goals.
People struggled against poverty.
People study much more outside of school than in school.
People subjected to perspecticide often blame themselves, as they feel despairing and disoriented. It can be hard for them to figure out exactly what’s wrong.
People suck.
People suffered heavy losses in the eruptions.
People survived with food stamps handed out by the authorities.
People suspected Fadil right away.
People suspected Sami right away.
People suspected Tom right away.
People swim at that beach at their own risk.
People take electricity for granted until its supply is cut off.
People take things too personally and the good behaviour of some rewards the bad behaviour of others.
People take things too seriously.
People taking pharmacy with the intent of becoming chemists should choose the six year course.
People talk a lot about social networks these days.
People talk a lot of nonsense about David.
People talk about being poor but happy but when you're scraping by to make rent, feeding your kids canned beans on good days, you mostly notice being poor and scared and unhappy.
People talk about interesting and introspective subjects when hiking.
People talk behind your back.
People talk even though they have nothing to say.
People talk in Toki Pona in the chat room.
People talk sometimes of a bestial cruelty, but that's a great injustice and insult to the beasts; a beast can never be so cruel as a man, so artistically cruel. The tiger only tears and gnaws, that's all he can do. He would never think of nailing people by the ears, even if he were able to do it.
People talk sometimes of a bestial cruelty, but that’s a great injustice and insult to the beasts; a beast can never be so cruel as a man, so artistically cruel. The tiger only tears and gnaws, that’s all he can do. He would never think of nailing people by the ears, even if he were able to do it.
People talk with their mouths, not their hands.
People talk without having anything to say.
People talked about an old man in the village.
People talked.
People tell doctors everything.
People tell me I have a beautiful voice.
People tell me I have a nice voice.
People tell me I have an annoying voice.
People tell me I'm nosey.
People tell me I'm nosy.
People tell me that I'm nosey.
People tell me that I'm nosy.
People tell me that all the time.
People tell me things.
People tell you a lot of things that aren't quite true.
People tell you that all the time, don't they?
People tend to buy masks and wear them longer than they are intended.
People tend to complain about food prices in Norway.
People tend to consider translation like algebra, with both sides of the equation being identical, when in fact it's more like a cover version of a song, where the tune is the same, but the arrangement is unique.
People tend to distrust anything new.
People tend to eat more when more food is available.
People tend to follow the stupidest.
People tend to forget that water really freezes at zero degrees.
People tend to forget their own mistakes.
People tend to forget their own shortcomings.
People tend to have troubles figuring out when to write a semicolon.
People tend to interrupt me because I speak too slowly.
People tend to like me.
People tend to look at others with bias.
People tend to look at others with prejudice.
People tend to only compliment you on your language ability when it's apparent that you still don't quite sound like a native speaker.
People tend to raise their voices when they get excited.
People tend to react emotionally to events.
People tend to read more saucy books on an e-book reader because they don't have to show the cover while reading.
People tend to require strong stimuli.
People tend to see what divides them rather than connects them.
People tend to think that dogs really care about their emotions, but we were interested in seeing if there was any scientific evidence to back that up.
People tend to use their skulls for storing their brains inside, just in case it comes handy some time.
People that aren't seeing my extraordinary inner beauty are just plain blinded by the wrong eyes.
People that can't hear or speak are deaf-mute. Various devices currently exist that can help to correct this problem.
People that curse speak their mind more clearly.
People that don't know how to recognize my personal greatness are just deluding themselves and lack some clarity in their judgment of others' greatness.
People that don't put a circumflex accent on "râler" piss me off.
People that don't see my greatness are looking at it with the wrong eyes.
People that don't think Latin is the most beautiful language understand nothing.
People that don't understand the point of articles (like Russians or Poles that don't know a language other than theirs), can, at first, not use the article at all, because it's appropriate but not necessary.
People that don’t put a circumflex accent on "rÃ¢ler" piss me off.
People that don’t think Latin is the most beautiful language understand nothing.
People that have experienced so-called 'lucid dreams' often describe them as being 'more real than reality'. They also describe reality after waking up from a 'lucid dream' to be like a 'whimsical dream'.
People that have experienced so-called ’lucid dreams’ often describe them as being ’more real than reality’. They also describe reality after waking up from a ’lucid dream’ to be like a ’whimsical dream’.
People that laugh at anything bother me too much!
People that look fair are sometimes not fair at all.
People that think and speak only about themselves are hopelessly uneducated.
People that want to do well in their jobs will dress for success.
People there are weird.
People there decorate their homes with potted flowers to add to the festival atmosphere.
People think Carlos isn’t a friendly person.
People think I'm a little nuts.
People think I'm such a kind little angel, but that couldn't be further than reality.
People think Mennad is crazy.
People think Tom and I are a little nuts.
People think Tom is an "odd fish," but he seems normal to me.
People think Tom is arrogant.
People think Tom is really out-there.
People think completely differently when they're standing and when they're sitting.
People think completely differently when they’re standing and when they’re sitting.
People think programming is hard. I think it's a piece of cake.
People think that I'm serious.
People think that Tom is really out-there.
People think that Tom privileges Vladimir at work.
People think that Tom's really out-there.
People think that it's easy.
People think you're uncaring because you never show emotion.
People thought him to be a great scholar.
People thought that she was dead.
People thought that teleportation was impossible, but by the 24th century, teleportation of large objects and even people became common, much like the microwave oven back in the 21st century.
People thought that that was crazy.
People thought that was crazy.
People thought we were crazy.
People threw eggs at the politician.
People thronged the theater to see the star.
People throughout the north were angry.
People today don't believe in anything anymore.
People today don't cultivate themselves.
People today think differently.
People told Maria that she was cute, but the mirror said: "You are much more than cute, you are beautiful!"
People tomorrow will have different ideas.
People took pity on the orphan.
People took to the streets.
People travel because even in the school of life, it's hard to sit still in the same spot.
People traveling abroad always have to get used to new food.
People treat Tom unfairly.
People treat me with respect.
People tried to kill Tom three times this year, but they've suddenly stopped.
People tried to kill Tom three times this year.
People tried to share the little there was as equally as possible.
People trust me to solve their problems.
People trust you.
People turned and stared at Tom.
People under 18 cannot get married.
People under 18 cannot marry.
People under 18 do not marry.
People under eighteen aren't supposed to buy alcoholic drinks.
People under eighteen aren’t supposed to buy alcoholic drinks.
People under the influence of alcohol or drugs are capable of doing terrible things.
People under thirty haven't got a clue what that is.
People use computers for both games and work.
People use their first name when with relatives and acquaintances.
People used Tom.
People used to associate demonstrations with students.
People used to be afraid of the future. Today, it is the future that should be afraid of people.
People used to be on time. Now they drive places, and most of the time they arrive late.
People used to buy their smokes at a tobacconist. Now they buy them at a convenience store.
People used to buying cheap and unhealthy foods are relearning how to grocery shop by participating in store tours that encourage them to take a healthier approach to buying food.
People used to call me lazy, but now all of a sudden I'm a responsible citizen.
People used to flog slaves.
People used to have LAN parties for multiplayer gaming before the widespread availability of high-speed Internet access.
People used to help each other a lot in our villages in the past.
People used to invite us to parties.
People used to laugh at him behind his back.
People used to laugh at us.
People used to live in villages.
People used to make fun of Ziri.
People used to offer human sacrifices to the gods. Nobody does that anymore.
People used to read in bed; now they play with their phones.
People used to talk like that in the sixties.
People used to think that only humans could use language.
People used to think that the earth was flat.
People used to think that the tomato was poisonous.
People used to think that tomatoes were poisonous.
People used to think that was true.
People used to think that women who looked odd were witches.
People used to think the Sun spins around the Earth.
People used to think the earth was flat.
People used to think the sun revolved around the earth.
People used to travel on foot.
People used to write books using typewriters.
People usually ask more questions.
People usually become famous at the cost of their privacy.
People usually die if you kill them.
People usually don't like what they can't understand.
People usually don't like what they don't understand.
People usually find it very difficult to break the ice when they meet someone extremely attractive for the first time.
People usually flatter me.
People usually get the kind of answers they expect.
People usually go after fame.
People usually have two reasons for doing something: a good reason and the real reason.
People usually know why they're laughing.
People usually only see a medical specialist like a urologist or a gastroenterologist after an initial referral by their primary healthcare provider.
People usually point with their index finger.
People usually shake hands when they meet for the first time.
People usually wear black after someone has died.
People value gold as hard money, because it is scarce. And the scarcity inherently means there must be a production cost for more units.
People very often give me ties as gifts, but I almost never wear them.
People very seldom do this anymore.
People visiting inmates in the prison were instructed to keep their hands in plain view at all times.
People vote on the basis of what they believe and not on the basis of what the facts are.
People voted for independence.
People waited for buses.
People walk naturally.
People walk on the sidewalk. Cars cross the streets.
People walk through the lit-up streets.
People walked about in the wide garden.
People want a solution.
People want change.
People want health care.
People want it!
People want justice for George Floyd.
People want me to run for governor again.
People want more and more.
People want more money to expand educational institutions.
People want peace in Ukraine, politicians don't.
People want peace.
People want something fresh.
People want stuff.
People want their opinions to be heard.
People want to be understood.
People want to breathe.
People want to feel safe.
People want to feel that their vote counts.
People want to find happiness easily.
People want to know how they can help.
People want to live and work in peace.
People want to live here.
People want to own land.
People want to use the new technology which is available.
People wanted the good life.
People wanted their money back.
People wanting to play hide-and-seek be close at hand.
People wanting to play hide-and-seek come near.
People wanting to play hide-and-seek gather round.
People wanting to play hide-and-seek grab my finger.
People wanting to play hide-and-seek stop by me.
People wanting to play hide-and-seek take my finger.
People wanting to play hide-and-seek touch my finger.
People wear masks to prevent getting a disease.
People wearing face masks to prevent the spread of COVID-19 pray in John Paul II chapel in St. Peter's Basilica at the Vatican in the day of its reopening which coincided with John Paul II 100th anniversary of birth, May 18, 2020.
People went after him.
People went crazy.
People were against Mother Teresa at first, but she never gave up.
People were all the same long ago.
People were angry.
People were anxious for news of missing relatives.
People were bewildered by the unexpected situation.
People were captivated by the story.
People were carrying signs saying, "No men in women's bathrooms."
People were cheering from their balconies.
People were choked with the gas.
People were choking on the gas.
People were created to be loved, things were created to be used. The world is in chaos, because everything is opposite.
People were crying and the water was over the whole village.
People were delighted at the safe return of the astronauts.
People were deprived of their political rights.
People were devouring, not eating, but literally devouring the dry overcooked meat.
People were disappearing all the time.
People were driving cars.
People were eager for peace.
People were evacuated because of the flood.
People were even encouraged to play football.
People were everywhere.
People were filled with fright.
People were gathering in a huge mass.
People were gathering in the square.
People were ground down by poverty.
People were in disbelief — an economic collapse, worsened by the COVID-19 lockdown, then renewed tensions with Israel on the border, and now this.
People were in the woods searching for Fadil.
People were lined up around the block waiting for the theater to open.
People were lined up to buy tickets.
People were lined up to ride the Ferris wheel.
People were making fun of him behind his back.
People were moving faster and faster.
People were murdered for much less than that.
People were nice to me.
People were not prepared for the storm.
People were observing Ziri's demeanor.
People were once used to travelling on foot.
People were panicking.
People were queuing for the new movie.
People were queuing in the rain.
People were queuing up to go on the big wheel.
People were quick to jump ship.
People were removing the snow on the street.
People were running around in a panic.
People were running in different directions.
People were running over each other. It was complete chaos.
People were screaming inside the blazing ship, and there was no way we could get to them to rescue them.
People were screaming.
People were shocked when he cited a supermarket tabloid as a reputable newspaper.
People were shocked when the Serbs shot down an American F-117 in 1999. Indeed, all American military aircraft are vulnerable, including stealth aircraft like the F-117.
People were shocked.
People were sleeping outside.
People were staring at Mennad.
People were staring at us.
People were starting to stare at us.
People were starting to stare.
People were starving.
People were stunned when the who's who of hardcore basket weaving suddenly appeared to challenge the team to a sushi battle!
People were sunbathing in the park.
People were surprised.
People were sympathetic to Fadil.
People were taking pictures.
People were talking in the mosque.
People were throwing things at us.
People were told not to buy Yanni's art works.
People were told to stay indoors because of the violence in the streets.
People were tougher back then.
People were trying to break in.
People were trying to help us.
People were very angry.
People were very badly hurt.
People were very severely injured.
People were waiting patiently in a long queue outside the entrance.
People were waiting.
People were watching.
People were weeping at the news of his death.
People were worried about what might happen.
People who abandon their pets are heartless!
People who abandon their pets don't have a heart!
People who are actually good at Japanese don't say that they are.
People who are afraid of making mistakes will make no progress in English conversation.
People who are allergic to pineapple, bananas, or latex are likely also to be allergic to kiwifruit.
People who are awake share a common world; in sleep, each person turns to their own.
People who are constantly copying others do it because they can't think for themselves.
People who are constantly copying others do it because they can’t think for themselves.
People who are creative or have a purpose in life don't need alcohol or drugs to be happy.
People who are endearing to you and the endorsement of your hopes and dreams are the keys to happiness.
People who are good with plants are said to have green fingers.
People who are homophobic ought to consult a psychotherapist.
People who are homophobic should see a psychologist.
People who are impolite really annoy me.
People who are in poor metabolic health are at increased risk of developing Type 2 diabetes, heart disease and other serious health issues.
People who are irredeemably bad don't worry that they're irredeemably bad.
People who are made much of by the public are not always those who most deserve it.
People who are not careful make many mistakes.
People who are not in a hurry stand on the right side of the escalator.
People who are not smarter than I am don't interest me.
People who are open tend to be more resilient because they see more ways to approach a problem and adapt to life’s challenges.
People who are politically ex-gay or ex-trans are almost always recent far-right Christian converts.
People who are prone to aggression can be dangerous.
People who are shy have difficulty in being assertive.
People who are sick or dead cannot contribute to the economy.
People who are unconscious can't say they want to die.
People who are unconscious can’t say they want to die.
People who break the law are punished.
People who break their promises can't be trusted.
People who bring personal details into arguments don't know how to argue.
People who bring personal details into arguments don’t know how to argue.
People who can express their thoughts in a clear-cut way are very straightforward.
People who can speak more than two languages are called polyglots.
People who can't do that aren't suited for the top.
People who cannot find time for recreation are obliged sooner or later to find time for illness.
People who can’t do that aren’t suited for the top.
People who constantly talk about themselves bore me.
People who could coexist are being set against each other by malevolent forces.
People who count their chickens before they are hatched act very wisely because chickens run about so absurdly that it's impossible to count them accurately.
People who count their chickens before they are hatched act very wisely because chickens run about so absurdly that it’s impossible to count them accurately.
People who desire power make bad leaders.
People who develop freckles should avoid direct exposure to sunlight.
People who do bodybuilding are called bodybuilders.
People who do not have children tend to anthropomorphize their pets.
People who do not have health plans should wait long to be attended.
People who do not look after their parents are guilty of ingratitude.
People who don't have a computer can't make full use of this MP3 player function.
People who don't know the difference between entomology and etymology bug me in ways I can't put into words.
People who don't know the sadness of love aren't able to talk about the experience of love.
People who don't like capitalism think Jews are capitalists, while people who don't like communism think Jews are communists.
People who don't like white people think Jews are white, while people who like white people think Jews are not white.
People who don't want to go, don't have to.
People who don't work, won't be fed.
People who don’t have a computer can’t make full use of this MP3 player function.
People who dream of mass destruction think that society hasn't constructed anything worthwhile.
People who drink alcoholic beverages are not allowed to enter.
People who drive cars should wear seat belts.
People who eat raw food are called fruitarians.
People who envy what I've achieved have no idea of how many times I've fallen down.
People who experience frustration tend to react violently.
People who go to bed early and get up early live a long time.
People who go to church apparently believe in existence of God.
People who govern our country are incompetent.
People who have children are happier than people who don't have children.
People who have elderly relatives with not many Christmases left to enjoy are unlikely to heed warnings to observe tight restraints, officials worry.
People who have lived, and grew up, in low-density suburban developments have a strong preference for that. They can't really envision a future that's substantially different than that.
People who have similar personalities feel sympathy for one another.
People who have traditionally been treated in a privileged way by the state gravitate towards right-wing politics, which preserve those privileges, rather than left-wing politics, which would get rid of them.
People who have visited at least 35 of the 50 states can become members of the All 50 Club for a small fee.
People who hurt children do not deserve mercy.
People who ignore history tend to repeat it.
People who keep on learning are those who follow the path of success.
People who know me say I'm overly apologetic and self-blaming.
People who laugh a lot are much happier than those who don't laugh very much.
People who live alone always have something on their minds that they would willingly share.
People who live here know how to do that.
People who live in big cities have a tendency to suffer from lack of exercise.
People who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones.
People who live in glass houses shouldn’t throw stones.
People who lived farther inland objected.
People who look up to Julius Caesar want to become tyrants.
People who love doubt nothing, or doubt everything.
People who make asylum claims after coming to the U.S. illegally are much more likely to be turned down than granted asylum.
People who make money from the stock market often oppose raising the capital gains tax.
People who make no noise are dangerous.
People who never take risks have never had any problems.
People who play with mud will get their hands dirty.
People who readily admit to having no more than a high-school-level science education are arrogant enough to speak over actual doctors and scientists.
People who regularly work in the open air do not suffer from sleeplessness.
People who resort to ad hominem arguments are all a bunch of backwoods jackasses.
People who say "That's how it's always been" irritate me the most.
People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it.
People who say that that's how it's always been irritate me.
People who say that's how it's always been irritate me.
People who say you can't just add new pronouns to English are, shockingly, usually also somehow upset at trans people using the existing rules of the English language to derive the word "cisgender."
People who shout Allahu Akbar before blowing themselves up don't represent true Islam.
People who smoked between one and 10 cigarettes a day had more than six times the risk of dying from respiratory diseases, like emphysema, than never smokers and about one and half times the risk of succumbing to cardiovascular disease.
People who speak dozens of languages fluently astonish me.
People who speak the same language have surprisingly different perceptions of their own language, and of what sounds right or not.
People who spend a lot of time in isolation lose certain social skills.
People who spoke out against Church teachings could be put to death.
People who starve themselves and mask themselves so that they can conform to what society deems "beautiful" are only hurting themselves.
People who steal irritate me.
People who still read children's books when they should have grown out of them are normally mentally handicapped.
People who still read children’s books when they should have grown out of them are normally mentally handicapped.
People who suffer from apnoea may get some relief by sleeping on one side instead of on the back or by elevating the upper body during sleep.
People who talk about suicide often do go ahead and do it, despite popular myth.
People who talk about the "mental health" of trans people while ignoring what mental health experts actually have to say on the matter are akin to the Soviets politicizing psychiatry to abuse it against their political opponents.
People who talk about themselves all the time bore me.
People who talk like thunder rarely act like lightning.
People who talk to you all the time about mosques, Islam and the prophet urge you to normalize sectarian thinking.
People who talk use their voice to express their ideas, and people who write books note down what other people say.
People who think Modern Hebrew is a completely separate language from Ancient Hebrew don't know the complete history of Ancient Hebrew.
People who think it's unfair for trans women to compete in women's sports are putting feels before reals.
People who think they can do anything are generally good for nothing.
People who use perfect grammar on the internet are extremely intimidating.
People who use the term "virtue signalling" are advertising their inability to comprehend why someone would care about someone other than themselves.
People who viciously hate trans people have repeatedly attempted to tie mass shootings and assassination attempts to them by showing pictures of unrelated trans people and claiming they are the shooter.
People who wait on you here are very friendly.
People who want to put out an ezine on education, come this way!
People who want to share their religious views with you almost never want you to share yours with them.
People who wear masks tend to touch their faces more.
People who were in the army don't laugh at the circus.
People who were obese at 15 years of age or over have a three times higher risk of mortality than those who'd never been obese.
People who were obese between the ages of 5 and 14.9 have three times the risk of mortality of those who have never been obese.
People who were perceived to be Muslim were beaten on the street.
People who whisper all the time can be very irritating.
People who will lie for you, will lie to you.
People who work for a given faith are called clergy.
People who work for an intelligence service usually learn many languages, but they have to keep a lot of secrets.
People who work in airports need to be able to switch from one language to another very quickly.
People who work in airports need to be able to switch languages very quickly.
People who work longer hours don't always get more work done.
People who work sincerely are the happiest.
People who worship Joseph Stalin don't have any right to lecture others about human rights.
People who write with their left hand often have a problem in this situation, as most lecture halls are designed under the assumption that humanity consists solely of right-handed people.
People who yell at the screen when they watch a movie are a huge pet peeve of mine.
People who've never been to Australia don't know what they're missing.
People who've never been to Boston don't know what they're missing.
People whose homes are in the town want to live in the country.
People whose names begin with A, please come to the counter.
People will accept your idea much more readily if you preface it by telling them that Benjamin Franklin said it first.
People will accept your idea much more readily if you tell them Benjamin Franklin said it first.
People will always be unhappy.
People will always be unsatisfied.
People will always resist tyranny.
People will ask you where you see yourself in 5 years. No one will ask how you'll get there. That, you must do yourself.
People will be affected by it in different ways.
People will be free soon.
People will be suspicious.
People will believe a simple lie more than a complicated truth.
People will buy anything.
People will choose you or me.
People will complain of heavy taxes.
People will eventually realise your true nature.
People will follow a good leader.
People will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.
People will fry to a crisp in the sun today.
People will gradually lose sight of the original purpose.
People will hate you if all you do is say rude things.
People will have different ideas tomorrow.
People will know each other better.
People will know.
People will laugh at you if you do something as stupid as that.
People will laugh at you if you do that.
People will laugh at you if you say so.
People will laugh at you!
People will lose their jobs.
People will love it.
People will never forget what we did.
People will never live here again.
People will not stop dying from this.
People will question all the good things they hear about you but believe all the bad without a second thought.
People will seemingly believe anything nowadays.
People will shut me up by saying "you think too much", but think they desire ignorance.
People will soon learn the truth.
People will start talking.
People will talk.
People with Borderline Personality Disorder tend to mimic others so as to defend themselves against their own fear of abandonment.
People with Finnish as their native tongue must learn Swedish in school. Many dislike this and refer to it as "coercion Swedish."
People with Mohawk haircuts frighten me!
People with a given skin color do not form a genetic clade.
People with agraphia can't write due to a brain injury.
People with amputated limbs continue to feel them as if they were still there.
People with asthma cannot support extreme heat.
People with autism often don't make eye contact when talking to someone.
People with autism often take verbal communications at face value.
People with autism tend to have trouble with social interactions.
People with bad vision cannot see far.
People with big imagination don't easily get jealous.
People with cold hands have warm hearts.
People with criminal inclinations, inclined toward authoritarianism, cynicism, manipulation, intrigue, and terror, sympathize with Stalin. Revolutionary leftist democrats with a decisive, intransigent character, ready to achieve a goal, much prefer Lenin.
People with dark hair would benefit more from laser hair removal than electrolysis.
People with depression should carefully watch their sugar intake, because too much sugar will make their condition worse.
People with different experiences will gravitate towards different politics.
People with imagination are never bored.
People with low self-esteem can't handle being dissed.
People with low self-esteem tend to interpret everything in a negative way.
People with mental health conditions have the same goals as everyone else.
People with mental health conditions need connection and community as much as anyone else.
People with mental health conditions should recover within society, not in isolation from it.
People with misophonia might be annoyed by crunching sounds.
People with money were able to buy butter.
People with no humour are like meadows without flowers.
People with no sense of humor are like meadows with no flowers.
People with physical disabilities abhor being pitied.
People with preexisting conditions, who are already urged to restrict travel because of the coronavirus, are encouraged to avoid outdoor activities when the dust turns the skies hazy.
People with rheumatoid arthritis symptoms should be careful about what they eat.
People with strange outfits were nancing around at the so-called Pride Parade.
People with the last name Ashkenazi are usually Sephardi.
People with this disease are usually paranoid.
People with type 1, or juvenile, diabetes must keep a watchful eye on their blood glucose levels because their pancreases are not working normally.
People with unimaginable wealth and power are injecting the stuff that made Chris Benoit kill his wife and kids.
People with zoanthropy believe they've changed into an animal.
People without a sense of humor are like meadows without flowers.
People without principles are like a broken parachute: unpredictable, untrustworthy, useless.
People without rhythm seem like they're completely off-base.
People without rhythm seem like they're out of sync.
People without rhythm seem totally off the mark.
People won't put up with the lockdown.
People won't stay fooled for long.
People won't stop dying from this.
People wonder whether Tom is suffering from substance abuse, mental illness or just ignorance. I think it might be all three of those.
People wondered why Fadil spoke in Arabic.
People wondered why Sami spoke in Arabic.
People wondered why Tom gave his speech in French.
People wondered why Tom spoke in French.
People work to live, instead of living to work.
People worked hard.
People working fast and loud make me anxious.
People working here have it out for me.
People worry a lot more about the eternity after their deaths than the eternity that happened before they were born. But it’s the same amount of infinity, rolling out in all directions from where we stand.
People would be better without guns.
People would be horrified.
People would come from miles around to see Yanni's show.
People would have more autonomy if they had a job.
People would laugh at any child who did something like that.
People would make fun of him behind his back.
People would occasionally get lost in those woods.
People would rip Rima apart if she goes outside.
People would sell their souls to hear the concert from those seats.
People would think he's a criminal.
People write to be read.
People wrongfully assume good things about me, but I'm literally the epitome of Satan himself.
People you meet daily are influential in shaping up your own future.
People you meet daily play a crucial role in shaping up your life.
People your age often have this problem.
People “diagnosed” with “Internet addiction” are nearly always diagnosed with other difficulties as well.
People's behavior reflect how they were raised.
People's biggest problem is that they often fail to recognize their own mistakes.
People's emotional lives are becoming more and more unstable.
People's faces were filled with confusion and fear.
People's faiths and religions have to be respected.
People's life expectancy grows every year.
People's lives have changed dramatically as a result of the Internet.
People's living conditions are getting better and better.
People's opinions depend on the Zeitgeist.
People's opinions depend on the spirit of the times.
People's writings have endured.
People, a good year to all of us!
People, come to your senses!
People, goods and money are all free to move across national borders in the region.
People, like metal, only shine on the surface.
People, like peacocks, will never tire of displaying to friends and potential mates just how wonderful they are.
People, not walls create the cities.
People, old and young, all came out to greet the guests.
People, please, when y'all ask me "How does one learn a language this fast?", just listen to your target language. It's the easiest thing y'all can do to reach your desired levels!
People, stop killing each other.
Peoples in revolt write history.
People’s opinions were split between Pietro and Rima.
Pep yourself up, woman!
Pepa was so interested in Star Wars that she bought herself all the lightsabers.
Pepe and Juan found the oldest DVD known.
Pepe and Martin climbed a pine tree, and from all the way up top, they saw Mario score a stunner.
Pepe felt his life crumbling down at his feet.
Peppa Pig is a pleasant, light-hearted and fun programme for kids to watch.
Peppa Pig is four years old, and George is eighteen months old.
Peppa Pig's father is an engineer.
Pepper burned his mouth.
Pepper is a spice.
Pepper on your salad, sir?
Pepper or salt?
Pepper spray is great, unless the assailant gets ahold of it.
Pepper spray is illegal here.
Pepperberg can show Alex two objects (for example, a green square and a red square) and ask, "What's different?"
Pepperberg can show Alex two objects (for example, a green square and a red square) and ask, "What’s different?"
Pepperberg hoped that a similar system would help Alex grasp the meaning of words, not just their sounds.
Peppermint tastes pretty good.
Peppermint tea is helpful if you have a cold or cough. Several cups of peppermint tea soothe the lungs and throat. The essential oil is also good for stomach pains. It relaxes the stomach muscles.
Peppers can be made into a tool of defense.
Pepsi is a transvestite.
Per capita income is about two-thirds that of the US mainland.
Perceived shyness is often simply an expression of politeness in waiting to be addressed before speaking.
Perceiving life through the higher mind is not the same as being arrogant.
Perceiving that the general effect was gloomy,—so that the airy castle looked like a feudal fortress, or a monastery of the Middle Ages, or a state prison of our own times, rather than the home of pleasure and repose which he intended it to be,—the owner, regardless of expense, resolved to gild the exterior from top to bottom.
Perception can be more important than reality.
Perception is based, to a very large extent, on conceptual models - which are always inadequate, often incomplete and sometimes profoundly wrong.
Perception is everything, reality is nothing.
Perception is often more important than reality.
Perception is reality.
Perception is sometimes more important than reality.
Perception matters more than facts.
Perch is common in the lakes of Sweden.
Perchloric acid (HClO₄) is a powerful reagent.
Percussion gives a nice touch to the melody.
Percy Phelps sank back in his chair. "My head whirls," said he. "Your words have dazed me."
Percy Saloman, who drives for a ride-hailing service in Virginia, is still working, but he’s putting in longer hours for less money.
Percy has been inquiring for you all morning.
Percy is to marry my sister Annie.
Peregrine falcons are birds of prey.
Peregrine falcons can fly very fast.
Peregrine falcons hunt pigeons.
Perez claimed that interest in football was declining among young people, although he did not provide evidence.
Perfect diamonds are extremely rare jewels.
Perfect guys don't exist, but there's always one guy that is perfect for you.
Perfect people don't exist.
Perfect solutions require much time.
Perfect!
Perfect! See you later!
Perfect! See you later.
Perfect. Thank you.
Perfection can't be reached.
Perfection doesn't exist.
Perfection is a goal that can't be met.
Perfection is a subjective concept.
Perfection is a trifle dull.
Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away.
Perfection is inside, they say.
Perfection is only achieved by Capricorns.
Perfection is out of reach.
Perfection is something we can't obtain.
Perfection is the daughter of time.
Perfection is unattainable.
Perfection isn't good enough.
Perfection runs deep in us, my fellow Capricorns.
Perfectionism can quickly become a disaster.
Perfectionism is another trap many people fall into.
Perfectionists find it harder to function than average people.
Perfectionists try to be perfect at everything they do.
Perfidious Albion!
Perforate your ticket.
Perforating is only practiced by a small number of species of insects, and many but not all of the perforators do so because their tongues are too short to reach the nectar by entering the flower.
Perform a good deed, every day.
Perform an experiment in creating a country from scratch.
Performance and responsibility are not in their vocabulary; sloppiness comes as standard.
Performance-based methods are often used to calculate bonuses.
Performers in chariots rode through the streets.
Performing before more than 700 children, the company of the Alabama Shakespeare Festival delivers early lines from one of the Bard's last plays, the dark comedy, The Tempest. American children are not known for their attention spans, but the youngsters sit spellbound as the Magician Prospero and his daughter Miranda argue the fate of the Prince and his shipmates.
Performing the dissection will give you a better understanding of the internal anatomy.
Perfume sometimes bothers me.
Perfumes are often made from the sweat of various male animals.
Perhaps Algeria needs an independent police force to fight corruption.
Perhaps God is gay?
Perhaps I am a little like the grown-ups. I must have got older.
Perhaps I am mistaken.
Perhaps I am the worst singer in the universe!
Perhaps I am wrong.
Perhaps I can answer that question.
Perhaps I can answer that.
Perhaps I can be of help.
Perhaps I can be of some assistance.
Perhaps I can do that.
Perhaps I can go to Australia with Tom.
Perhaps I can go to Boston with Tom.
Perhaps I can help you in another way.
Perhaps I can help you.
Perhaps I can help.
Perhaps I can persuade her to have another glass.
Perhaps I could be of assistance.
Perhaps I could come back later.
Perhaps I could come back tomorrow.
Perhaps I could come back.
Perhaps I could do that.
Perhaps I could do with some help after all.
Perhaps I could handle that.
Perhaps I could have Tom take care of that for you.
Perhaps I could help you.
Perhaps I didn't explain it well enough.
Perhaps I didn't love her as she deserved.
Perhaps I didn't make myself clear.
Perhaps I didn't yet understand fully. I take back the rude remark I made to Ayumi.
Perhaps I don't like women, I just like their voices.
Perhaps I expect too much from you.
Perhaps I expected too much from Tom.
Perhaps I have hurt your feelings, but that was not my intention.
Perhaps I haven't made myself clear.
Perhaps I lack experience.
Perhaps I made a mistake.
Perhaps I might come with you.
Perhaps I need a lawyer.
Perhaps I need to do that, too.
Perhaps I ought to tell Mary that I don't like her anymore.
Perhaps I ought to tell Tom and Mary that I don't like them anymore.
Perhaps I ought to tell Tom that I don't like him anymore.
Perhaps I ought to tell Tom what happened.
Perhaps I should add a new sentence.
Perhaps I should ask Tom to help.
Perhaps I should bake a cake today.
Perhaps I should be going.
Perhaps I should call Tom.
Perhaps I should contact Tom.
Perhaps I should do that.
Perhaps I should find a new job or an interesting hobby to keep me motivated.
Perhaps I should go and see Tom.
Perhaps I should leave.
Perhaps I should let you rest.
Perhaps I should phone Tom.
Perhaps I should remain here with Tom.
Perhaps I should resign.
Perhaps I should take an umbrella with me just in case.
Perhaps I should take over.
Perhaps I should talk to Tom.
Perhaps I should talk to her.
Perhaps I should talk to him.
Perhaps I should talk to them.
Perhaps I should talk with Tom.
Perhaps I should tell you why I'm here.
Perhaps I should!
Perhaps I shouldn't go to Australia this year.
Perhaps I shouldn't go to Boston this weekend.
Perhaps I shouldn't have asked Tom that question.
Perhaps I shouldn't have done that.
Perhaps I shouldn't have said anything.
Perhaps I shouldn't have told Tom anything.
Perhaps I was a bit greedy.
Perhaps I was too harsh on Tom.
Perhaps I was too harsh on her.
Perhaps I was too harsh on him.
Perhaps I was too harsh on them.
Perhaps I was wrong.
Perhaps I will be a doctor and if yes I will help cure sick people.
Perhaps I will never see you again.
Perhaps I will never understand the difference. To me, both expressions have identical meanings.
Perhaps I won't be busy this afternoon.
Perhaps I won't go to work the day after tomorrow.
Perhaps I'd better go and see what's happened.
Perhaps I'd better leave.
Perhaps I'd better put this in a safe place.
Perhaps I'd better tell you about what happened.
Perhaps I'll be able to help you.
Perhaps I'll do that tomorrow.
Perhaps I'll go to Boston.
Perhaps I'll like this book.
Perhaps I'll make some candy today.
Perhaps I'll never see you again.
Perhaps I'll see Tom tonight.
Perhaps I'll see you tonight.
Perhaps I'll wet my whistle.
Perhaps I'll write a book.
Perhaps I'm sometimes too secretive.
Perhaps I'm worrying too much.
Perhaps I'm wrong.
Perhaps I've been wrong.
Perhaps I've drunk too much.
Perhaps I've met Tom before.
Perhaps I’ll like this book.
Perhaps I’m putting too much pressure on you.
Perhaps Mary hadn't studied it.
Perhaps Mary knows more than she's telling us.
Perhaps Mary would like you to do that for her.
Perhaps Robin's got a taste for the finer things in life and has become extravagant.
Perhaps Tom and I are to blame.
Perhaps Tom and I were wrong.
Perhaps Tom and Mary are doing that now.
Perhaps Tom and Mary are doing that right now.
Perhaps Tom and Mary are eating now.
Perhaps Tom and Mary are eating right now.
Perhaps Tom and Mary are guilty.
Perhaps Tom and Mary are having fun.
Perhaps Tom and Mary are in Boston.
Perhaps Tom and Mary are married.
Perhaps Tom and Mary are more than just friends.
Perhaps Tom and Mary are right.
Perhaps Tom and Mary are sleeping.
Perhaps Tom and Mary are too old to do this kind of thing.
Perhaps Tom and Mary aren't at home today.
Perhaps Tom and Mary can get jobs at the zoo.
Perhaps Tom and Mary don't do that anymore.
Perhaps Tom and Mary don't play tennis anymore.
Perhaps Tom and Mary don't speak French.
Perhaps Tom and Mary don't understand French.
Perhaps Tom and Mary don't use it anymore.
Perhaps Tom and Mary don't want to do that again.
Perhaps Tom and Mary have to do that, too.
Perhaps Tom and Mary haven't agreed to do that.
Perhaps Tom and Mary haven't done that yet.
Perhaps Tom and Mary haven't done that.
Perhaps Tom and Mary know more than they're telling us.
Perhaps Tom and Mary know something that we don't.
Perhaps Tom and Mary know who did that.
Perhaps Tom and Mary need help.
Perhaps Tom and Mary need to do that, too.
Perhaps Tom and Mary ought to do that together.
Perhaps Tom and Mary should be doing that together.
Perhaps Tom and Mary should do that together.
Perhaps Tom and Mary should eat together.
Perhaps Tom and Mary should sing together.
Perhaps Tom and Mary should travel together.
Perhaps Tom and Mary shouldn't be doing that together.
Perhaps Tom and Mary want to do that, too.
Perhaps Tom and Mary were correct.
Perhaps Tom and Mary were feeling sick.
Perhaps Tom and Mary were right about that.
Perhaps Tom and Mary were right.
Perhaps Tom and Mary were wrong.
Perhaps Tom and Mary will become close friends.
Perhaps Tom and Mary would like you to do that for them.
Perhaps Tom can borrow some money from Mary.
Perhaps Tom can do that.
Perhaps Tom can drive you.
Perhaps Tom can fix it.
Perhaps Tom can get a job at the zoo.
Perhaps Tom can go to Australia with you.
Perhaps Tom can go to Boston with you.
Perhaps Tom can help you do that.
Perhaps Tom can help you find a job.
Perhaps Tom can help you wash the car.
Perhaps Tom can help you wash your car.
Perhaps Tom can help you with your homework.
Perhaps Tom can help you.
Perhaps Tom can help.
Perhaps Tom can sing at our wedding.
Perhaps Tom can solve this problem.
Perhaps Tom can speak French.
Perhaps Tom can suggest a solution.
Perhaps Tom can win.
Perhaps Tom could be our manager.
Perhaps Tom could help them.
Perhaps Tom could solve this problem for us.
Perhaps Tom could solve this problem.
Perhaps Tom could talk Mary into doing that.
Perhaps Tom could talk Mary out of doing that.
Perhaps Tom could've done more.
Perhaps Tom could've done that by himself.
Perhaps Tom did it.
Perhaps Tom did that.
Perhaps Tom did this.
Perhaps Tom didn't agree to do that.
Perhaps Tom didn't do that.
Perhaps Tom didn't see Mary.
Perhaps Tom didn't win.
Perhaps Tom doesn't do that anymore.
Perhaps Tom doesn't drink tea.
Perhaps Tom doesn't like Boston as much as you do.
Perhaps Tom doesn't play tennis anymore.
Perhaps Tom doesn't play the saxophone anymore.
Perhaps Tom doesn't read novels.
Perhaps Tom doesn't speak French.
Perhaps Tom doesn't understand French.
Perhaps Tom doesn't use it anymore.
Perhaps Tom doesn't want to do that again.
Perhaps Tom doesn't write letters anymore.
Perhaps Tom had it coming.
Perhaps Tom had it wrong.
Perhaps Tom has already done that.
Perhaps Tom has already talked to Mary about that.
Perhaps Tom has fallen asleep.
Perhaps Tom has forgotten how to do that.
Perhaps Tom has some personal problems.
Perhaps Tom has to do that, too.
Perhaps Tom hasn't agreed to do that.
Perhaps Tom hasn't done that yet.
Perhaps Tom hasn't done that.
Perhaps Tom is already waiting for us in the lobby.
Perhaps Tom is crying right now.
Perhaps Tom is doing that now.
Perhaps Tom is doing that right now.
Perhaps Tom is eating now.
Perhaps Tom is eating right now.
Perhaps Tom is guilty.
Perhaps Tom is having fun.
Perhaps Tom is in Australia.
Perhaps Tom is in Boston.
Perhaps Tom is in the backyard.
Perhaps Tom is just worried.
Perhaps Tom is kissing Mary now.
Perhaps Tom is married.
Perhaps Tom is mistaken.
Perhaps Tom is no worse than I am.
Perhaps Tom is reading a novel.
Perhaps Tom is right.
Perhaps Tom is sick in bed.
Perhaps Tom is sleeping.
Perhaps Tom is still in love with Mary.
Perhaps Tom is too old to do this kind of thing.
Perhaps Tom is waiting for a reply.
Perhaps Tom is willing to do so.
Perhaps Tom is writing a letter.
Perhaps Tom is wrong.
Perhaps Tom isn't at home today.
Perhaps Tom isn't finished yet.
Perhaps Tom kissed Mary.
Perhaps Tom knows more than he's telling us.
Perhaps Tom knows something about that.
Perhaps Tom knows something that we don't.
Perhaps Tom knows something.
Perhaps Tom knows who did it.
Perhaps Tom knows who did that.
Perhaps Tom laughed.
Perhaps Tom left.
Perhaps Tom lied to us.
Perhaps Tom missed his bus.
Perhaps Tom needs help.
Perhaps Tom needs to do that, too.
Perhaps Tom ought to go home.
Perhaps Tom really didn't write this letter.
Perhaps Tom saw Mary there.
Perhaps Tom saw Mary.
Perhaps Tom should agree to do that.
Perhaps Tom should do that.
Perhaps Tom should explain.
Perhaps Tom should have done that yesterday.
Perhaps Tom should have done that.
Perhaps Tom should join us.
Perhaps Tom should've done that by himself.
Perhaps Tom should've done that yesterday.
Perhaps Tom should've done that.
Perhaps Tom should've helped Mary.
Perhaps Tom should've left early.
Perhaps Tom should've stayed.
Perhaps Tom shouldn't agree to do that.
Perhaps Tom shouldn't do that.
Perhaps Tom thought the question absurd.
Perhaps Tom wanted to buy that.
Perhaps Tom wanted to do that.
Perhaps Tom wants to do that, too.
Perhaps Tom was alone.
Perhaps Tom was correct.
Perhaps Tom was feeling ashamed.
Perhaps Tom was feeling sick.
Perhaps Tom was laughing at Mary.
Perhaps Tom was right about that.
Perhaps Tom was right.
Perhaps Tom was wrong.
Perhaps Tom went to Australia with Mary.
Perhaps Tom went to Boston with Mary.
Perhaps Tom will agree to do that.
Perhaps Tom will be here today.
Perhaps Tom will be there.
Perhaps Tom will come to Australia with me.
Perhaps Tom will come tomorrow.
Perhaps Tom will cry.
Perhaps Tom will do it.
Perhaps Tom will do that for you.
Perhaps Tom will do that tomorrow.
Perhaps Tom will do that, too.
Perhaps Tom will do that.
Perhaps Tom will leave.
Perhaps Tom will stay.
Perhaps Tom will surprise you.
Perhaps Tom will think I tried to poison him.
Perhaps Tom won't agree to do that.
Perhaps Tom won't be able to do that.
Perhaps Tom won't be here today.
Perhaps Tom won't buy that.
Perhaps Tom won't come.
Perhaps Tom won't do that anymore.
Perhaps Tom won't do that today.
Perhaps Tom won't do that tomorrow.
Perhaps Tom won't do that.
Perhaps Tom won't even read the letter.
Perhaps Tom won't go to Australia.
Perhaps Tom won't go to Boston.
Perhaps Tom won't lie to us anymore.
Perhaps Tom won't want to do that.
Perhaps Tom won't win.
Perhaps Tom would be the best choice.
Perhaps Tom would enjoy doing that with you.
Perhaps Tom would enjoy doing that.
Perhaps Tom would like to do that.
Perhaps Tom would like you to do that for him.
Perhaps after a stay in the dungeon, you will be more willing to talk.
Perhaps all the dragons of our lives are princesses who are only waiting to see us once beautiful and brave.
Perhaps due to his experience of the team's vicissitudes, the long-time veteran was unperturbed.
Perhaps having realized it was impossible to persuade her, Ms. Kurosaki sighed and sat down in her seat.
Perhaps he can.
Perhaps he could solve this problem.
Perhaps he had an argument with his wife, but it's out of the question that he hit her.
Perhaps he has already left Kyoto.
Perhaps he has seen some other girl whom he deems preferable to me among his mother's maids. Farewell Daphnis! May you be happy; as for myself I cannot survive it.
Perhaps he knows this story.
Perhaps he may yet reconsider his stance.
Perhaps he missed the train.
Perhaps he needs time to understand Islam.
Perhaps he saw her.
Perhaps he will come.
Perhaps he will never be famous.
Perhaps he would not celebrate Chinese New Year again.
Perhaps he'll never become famous.
Perhaps he's even waiting at the station right now.
Perhaps he’ll never become famous.
Perhaps his daughter had become pregnant unintentionally.
Perhaps his heart will consume him.
Perhaps if we tried to do that together we could do it.
Perhaps if you told us what you need, we could help.
Perhaps if you'd given me ample warning, I could have been ready.
Perhaps if you'd given me ample warning, I could've been ready.
Perhaps it can be avoided.
Perhaps it can be repaired.
Perhaps it doesn't matter.
Perhaps it is because life has not satisfied me in the same way as it has you.
Perhaps it is better to be irresponsible and right, than to be responsible and wrong.
Perhaps it is only in childhood that books have any deep influence on our lives.
Perhaps it is our obligation to be noble before it is our obligation to be happy.
Perhaps it is real.
Perhaps it is too late.
Perhaps it is true.
Perhaps it isn't your fault.
Perhaps it may be objected that some animal studies do in fact demonstrate effects similar to those that are later shown to produced in humans. However, the high false positive rate of animal studies in regards to human applicability make them morally dubious.
Perhaps it might be better not to do it that way.
Perhaps it might be better not to do that.
Perhaps it might be better to leave before Tom gets here.
Perhaps it might have been better to do it that way.
Perhaps it might've been better to do it that way.
Perhaps it was Tom who called you.
Perhaps it was Tom who did this.
Perhaps it was Tom who made this.
Perhaps it was Tom you saw.
Perhaps it was a convincing idea overall.
Perhaps it was coincidence.
Perhaps it was my imagination, but when a man several rows to our rear erupted into a coughing fit, the normal buzz of conversation dipped to an uncomfortable murmur.
Perhaps it was worth it.
Perhaps it will be all the same to him.
Perhaps it will rain in the afternoon.
Perhaps it will rain tomorrow.
Perhaps it will snow tomorrow.
Perhaps it won't be long before I meet you.
Perhaps it won't be long before I see you.
Perhaps it would be best for us to leave.
Perhaps it would be best if you left.
Perhaps it would be better if I forgot you.
Perhaps it would be better if I went by myself.
Perhaps it would have been better if we hadn't done that.
Perhaps it would've been better if we hadn't done that.
Perhaps it'll rain in the afternoon.
Perhaps it'll rain tomorrow.
Perhaps it'll snow tomorrow.
Perhaps it's Tom.
Perhaps it's a fake.
Perhaps it's a good omen.
Perhaps it's because the web is slow.
Perhaps it's just a coincidence.
Perhaps it's just a matter of opinion.
Perhaps it's necessary that you finish your labour now.
Perhaps it's not necessary to do that.
Perhaps it's not that simple.
Perhaps it's obvious for you, but not for me.
Perhaps it's real.
Perhaps it's strange for you to see an ordinary girl without makeup?
Perhaps it's supposed to be kilometers.
Perhaps it's technically a comma splice, but I still think this is fine. A period would break up the intended flow of the sentence and a semicolon is too much here.
Perhaps it's the best word to describe my condition.
Perhaps it's time for a change.
Perhaps it's time to find another job.
Perhaps it's time you told Tom about your accident.
Perhaps it's too late.
Perhaps it's true.
Perhaps later.
Perhaps my explanation sounds strange.
Perhaps no one else wants it.
Perhaps not.
Perhaps now is your time.
Perhaps one day the law will even permit us to vote.
Perhaps our emotions make us who we are.
Perhaps she can.
Perhaps she does not know you.
Perhaps she doesn't know how to deal with men.
Perhaps she doesn't remember my birthday.
Perhaps she doesn’t remember my birthday.
Perhaps she is mistaken.
Perhaps she will come tomorrow.
Perhaps some other time.
Perhaps somebody can enlighten me.
Perhaps somebody can help you.
Perhaps somebody could enlighten me.
Perhaps someone can help you.
Perhaps someone could enlighten me.
Perhaps someone didn't believe it.
Perhaps someone other than Tom would be a better choice.
Perhaps something could be going on behind our backs that I don't know about?
Perhaps that requires further explanation.
Perhaps that thought did cross Tom's mind.
Perhaps that was Tom.
Perhaps that would be possible.
Perhaps that's for the best.
Perhaps that's something I can help you with.
Perhaps that's the answer.
Perhaps that's the reason why Tom isn't here today.
Perhaps that's true.
Perhaps that's what Tom's waiting for.
Perhaps that's what we should do.
Perhaps that’s true.
Perhaps the Earth is not the only planet gifted with life.
Perhaps the advice you gave was convincing and thorough.
Perhaps the book will prove useful.
Perhaps the cold has killed you.
Perhaps the comparison is a bit far-fetched, but he looks like Michelangelo's David.
Perhaps the feelings that we experience when we are in love represent a normal state. Being in love shows a person who he should be.
Perhaps the illness is cured through medical treatment.
Perhaps the most essential thing for a continuing education is to develop the capacity to know what you see and to understand what it means. Many people seem to go through life without seeing.
Perhaps the most important month of Algeria's history was July 1962, when the nation got its independence.
Perhaps the only adjective in the English language that can follow the noun it modifies is "unknown".
Perhaps the only freedom of the press is a journalist's access to restricted spaces and events.
Perhaps the only one here who can do that is Tom.
Perhaps the only one here who can't swim is Tom.
Perhaps the only one here who doesn't enjoy doing that is Tom.
Perhaps the only one here who doesn't have to do that is Tom.
Perhaps the only one here who doesn't need to do that is Tom.
Perhaps the only one here who doesn't want to do that is Tom.
Perhaps the only one here who has to do that is Tom.
Perhaps the only one here who needs to do that is Tom.
Perhaps the only one here who wants to do that is Tom.
Perhaps the only one here who's able to do that is Tom.
Perhaps the only one here who's willing to do that is Tom.
Perhaps the only ones here who can do that are Tom and Mary.
Perhaps the only ones here who can't swim are Tom and Mary.
Perhaps the only ones here who don't enjoy doing that are Tom and Mary.
Perhaps the only ones here who don't have to do that are Tom and Mary.
Perhaps the only ones here who don't need to do that are Tom and Mary.
Perhaps the only ones here who don't want to do that are Tom and Mary.
Perhaps the only ones here who have to do that are Tom and Mary.
Perhaps the only ones here who need to do that are Tom and Mary.
Perhaps the only ones here who want to do that are Tom and Mary.
Perhaps the only ones here who're able to do that are Tom and Mary.
Perhaps the only ones here who're willing to do that are Tom and Mary.
Perhaps the only true dignity of man is his capacity to despise himself.
Perhaps the parents are involved.
Perhaps the problem is that you don't listen to what other people say.
Perhaps the report was incorrect.
Perhaps the robin’s got a taste for the finer things in life and has become extravagant.
Perhaps the sentence doesn't sound natural, but it isn't wrong.
Perhaps the students' political demands arose and imposed themselves.
Perhaps the surface of Jupiter is like ambiguous slush under dense poisonous gases.
Perhaps the threat of a separation has been looming like a dark cloud for a long time, as often happens in divorce.
Perhaps the three most popular ice cream flavors are vanilla, chocolate and strawberry.
Perhaps the time has come for me to tell you something about myself.
Perhaps the train has been delayed.
Perhaps the weather is fine.
Perhaps the weather will get better tomorrow.
Perhaps the words you said are convincing.
Perhaps there are other reasons.
Perhaps there has been some mistake.
Perhaps there is still hope for you.
Perhaps there's hope.
Perhaps there's no need to do that.
Perhaps these two sentences should be unlinked.
Perhaps they can feel the lines with their bodies.
Perhaps they thought you were a patient.
Perhaps they will find a solution.
Perhaps this can be linked.
Perhaps this is all you have left to do.
Perhaps this is wrong.
Perhaps this pocketknife will come in handy someday.
Perhaps until yesterday I would have had no qualms about this.
Perhaps we are all chess pieces for a Greater Power who is trying to checkmate evil.
Perhaps we can be forgiven.
Perhaps we can buy ourselves a new car!
Perhaps we can come to some arrangement that works for both of us.
Perhaps we can discuss this later.
Perhaps we can do something about that.
Perhaps we can do that.
Perhaps we can do this another day.
Perhaps we can find a cheaper one at another store.
Perhaps we can find a cheaper one somewhere else.
Perhaps we can get a cup of coffee later.
Perhaps we can help Tom in some way.
Perhaps we can help Tom.
Perhaps we can help each other.
Perhaps we can help.
Perhaps we can salvage some parts off this plane.
Perhaps we can talk about this at another time.
Perhaps we can talk later.
Perhaps we could discuss your problem now.
Perhaps we could do that tomorrow.
Perhaps we could find a substitute.
Perhaps we could get a drink sometime.
Perhaps we could go for an evening stroll. And then afterwards we can get something to eat.
Perhaps we could help each other.
Perhaps we could talk about this somewhere else.
Perhaps we could talk later.
Perhaps we misunderstand each other.
Perhaps we need a better strategy.
Perhaps we need some help.
Perhaps we overlooked something.
Perhaps we should advertise in the local newspaper for a reliable house painter.
Perhaps we should allow him to remain in blissful ignorance.
Perhaps we should ask Tom to join us.
Perhaps we should ask a different question.
Perhaps we should call Tom.
Perhaps we should call it a night.
Perhaps we should call security.
Perhaps we should consider what would happen if we don't do this.
Perhaps we should contact Tom.
Perhaps we should contact her.
Perhaps we should contact him.
Perhaps we should contact them.
Perhaps we should discuss this later.
Perhaps we should do something about it.
Perhaps we should do that together.
Perhaps we should find out what Tom's doing.
Perhaps we should forget it.
Perhaps we should get you to a hospital.
Perhaps we should go on home.
Perhaps we should go to Australia next week to visit Tom.
Perhaps we should go to Boston next week to visit Tom.
Perhaps we should have tried helping Tom.
Perhaps we should help Tom.
Perhaps we should join a wine club.
Perhaps we should just leave Tom alone.
Perhaps we should leave Tom alone.
Perhaps we should simply study it.
Perhaps we should take a short break.
Perhaps we should talk in my office.
Perhaps we should tell Tom about what happened.
Perhaps we should've tried helping Tom.
Perhaps we shouldn't be doing this here.
Perhaps we shouldn't be doing this now.
Perhaps we shouldn't be doing this without Tom's help.
Perhaps we shouldn't be doing this.
Perhaps we shouldn't be talking about this here.
Perhaps we shouldn't be trying to do this without Tom's help.
Perhaps we shouldn't have gone to Australia last month.
Perhaps we shouldn't have gone to Boston last weekend.
Perhaps we were a little overzealous in the party planning.
Perhaps we will find it.
Perhaps we will see each other again tonight.
Perhaps we'll ask Tom to suggest something for you.
Perhaps we'll find it.
Perhaps we'll have a little luck this year.
Perhaps we'll have better luck tomorrow.
Perhaps we'll have more time to talk later.
Perhaps we'll meet again.
Perhaps we'll meet soon.
Perhaps we'll see each other again tonight.
Perhaps we'll see you both later.
Perhaps we're not talking about the same town.
Perhaps we're to blame.
Perhaps we've made a mistake.
Perhaps we've met before.
Perhaps when Tom and I are older we'll get married.
Perhaps when Tom and Mary are older they'll get married.
Perhaps will he never become famous.
Perhaps yes, perhaps no.
Perhaps you and Tom should do that together.
Perhaps you and Tom should eat together.
Perhaps you and Tom should sing together.
Perhaps you and Tom should travel together.
Perhaps you are mistaken.
Perhaps you are right, I have been selfish.
Perhaps you are right.
Perhaps you can beat me.
Perhaps you can get Tom to do that for you.
Perhaps you can get Tom to help you.
Perhaps you can help me.
Perhaps you can help.
Perhaps you can remember where you put the keys.
Perhaps you can tell me what the capital city of Algeria is.
Perhaps you could borrow an umbrella.
Perhaps you could come down and have a look.
Perhaps you could enlighten us.
Perhaps you could explain it to me.
Perhaps you could explain it to me?
Perhaps you could fill me in on the details.
Perhaps you could help me.
Perhaps you could help us clean the beach.
Perhaps you could help us tomorrow. However, if you don't want to, that's OK, too.
Perhaps you could learn a thing or two from Tom.
Perhaps you could learn a thing or two from him.
Perhaps you could point us in the right direction.
Perhaps you could suggest something that we can do tomorrow.
Perhaps you could suggest something we can do tomorrow.
Perhaps you could talk to Tom about that.
Perhaps you could talk to Tom.
Perhaps you could tell me why you're here.
Perhaps you didn't understand me.
Perhaps you didn't understand what Tom was saying.
Perhaps you don't know it, but nobody could replace you.
Perhaps you don't love me anymore?
Perhaps you don't need to do that.
Perhaps you don't really have to do that.
Perhaps you don't really need to do that.
Perhaps you don't understand fully.
Perhaps you even know more about this than I do.
Perhaps you feel alone in the middle of a hundred people.
Perhaps you have me confused with someone else.
Perhaps you have misunderstood the aim of our project.
Perhaps you haven't heard about Algeria's economic progress.
Perhaps you haven't understood her properly.
Perhaps you haven't understood the seriousness of the situation.
Perhaps you misunderstood me.
Perhaps you misunderstood.
Perhaps you need to do the same thing I'm doing.
Perhaps you need to spend some time getting ready.
Perhaps you overthink things.
Perhaps you should ask Tom for help.
Perhaps you should ask Tom that question.
Perhaps you should ask Tom to do that for you.
Perhaps you should ask Tom to do that.
Perhaps you should ask Tom to help.
Perhaps you should ask Tom why.
Perhaps you should ask Tom.
Perhaps you should buy a gun.
Perhaps you should call Tom.
Perhaps you should do that again.
Perhaps you should do that by yourself.
Perhaps you should do that by yourselves.
Perhaps you should do that in the morning.
Perhaps you should do that later.
Perhaps you should do that now.
Perhaps you should do that.
Perhaps you should do the same thing I'm doing.
Perhaps you should get a bicycle.
Perhaps you should get a dog.
Perhaps you should get one.
Perhaps you should go elsewhere.
Perhaps you should go home.
Perhaps you should go somewhere else.
Perhaps you should go to bed.
Perhaps you should have gotten a bigger one.
Perhaps you should help Tom do that.
Perhaps you should help Tom paint the fence.
Perhaps you should help Tom with his homework.
Perhaps you should help Tom.
Perhaps you should lie down.
Perhaps you should reconsider their offer.
Perhaps you should see a doctor.
Perhaps you should sit.
Perhaps you should stay here.
Perhaps you should stop.
Perhaps you should take your own advice.
Perhaps you should tell Tom to do that.
Perhaps you should tell Tom.
Perhaps you should try doing one thing at a time.
Perhaps you should wait until Tom and Mary get here to do that.
Perhaps you should wait until Tom gets here to do that.
Perhaps you should wait until tomorrow to do that.
Perhaps you should've gotten a bigger one.
Perhaps you shouldn't have done that.
Perhaps you shouldn't have given Tom that.
Perhaps you shouldn't have given that to Tom.
Perhaps you want fifteen cheeses.
Perhaps you want to eat.
Perhaps you were busy.
Perhaps you were right.
Perhaps you were wrong.
Perhaps you will never manage to walk.
Perhaps you will seek his aid.
Perhaps you will spare an hour that I may have the pleasure of introducing you to my sister.
Perhaps you won't have to do that.
Perhaps you won't need to do that.
Perhaps you would be happier in another job.
Perhaps you would have preferred a French dish.
Perhaps you would like me to give you the key to my apartment where I keep my money, too?
Perhaps you would like to come, too.
Perhaps you would like to go first.
Perhaps you'd be willing to volunteer to take care of the children.
Perhaps you'd be willing to volunteer.
Perhaps you'd better call Tom.
Perhaps you'd better come with me.
Perhaps you'd better do this.
Perhaps you'd better drive.
Perhaps you'd better handle this.
Perhaps you'd better leave.
Perhaps you'd enjoy doing that.
Perhaps you'd like to do that.
Perhaps you'd like to join us.
Perhaps you'd like to sit down a while.
Perhaps you'd like to sleep on it.
Perhaps you'll be able to convince Tom.
Perhaps you'll reconsider.
Perhaps you'll see Tom there.
Perhaps you're just a little bit afraid of me.
Perhaps you're mistaken.
Perhaps you're right.
Perhaps you're the problem.
Perhaps you're too busy.
Perhaps you're trying too hard.
Perhaps you're wrong.
Perhaps you've heard of me.
Perhaps you've made a mistake.
Perhaps you've misunderstood the aim of our project.
Perhaps you've never tasted a field-ripened pineapple. They can be wonderfully sweet.
Perhaps, as they watched the shooting stars, people were wishing that the madness down here would come to an end, and that everything would be all right again.
Perhaps, young gentleman, you may change your opinion, if you live to my years: for I remember I thought myself as wise when I was a stripling of one or two and twenty as I am now.
Period is over.
Periodicals may not be removed from the reading room.
Perish the thought!
Perish the thought.
Perissodactyls have an odd number of nails.
Permaculture (permanent agriculture) is the practical conscious design and maintenance of agriculturally productive ecosystems which have the diversity, stability, and resilience of natural ecosystems. It is the harmonious integration of landscape and people providing their food, energy, shelter, and other material and non-material needs in a sustainable way.
Permaculture is a branch of ecological design.
Permafrost covers one-fifth of the Earth's surface.
Permafrost covers one-fifth of the Earth’s surface.
Permalinks are basically links to items like posts, comments, etc.
Permanent peace is nothing but an illusion.
Permanent peace is possible, says the reactionary Norman Bentwich, only if the principles of Christianity become the basis of public policy and social life.
Permission denied.
Permission is needed before you go into my bedroom.
Permission isn't required only if the author died more than 70 years ago, in which case the work is in the public domain.
Permission to come aboard?
Permission to use the car was accorded her.
Permission to use the car was accorded to her.
Permit him to water the ground.
Permit me to carry your suitcase for you.
Permit me to congratulate you on a job well done.
Permit me to do that for you.
Permit me to relieve myself.
Permit me to stay.
Perpetrators of atrocities should be held individually accountable.
Perpetrators of war crimes and crimes against humanity must face consequences.
Perpetual devotion to what a man calls his business, is only to be sustained by perpetual neglect of many other things.
Perpetual revolutions in technology can mean the devaluation of fixed capital on an extensive scale.
Perry became used to the loud deliberations.
Perry decided to gain information from Drake.
Perry finally sailed into Tokyo Bay in 1853.
Perry has acquired the habit of thinking aloud.
Perry has got into the habit of thinking aloud.
Perry is mistaken in thinking that Emmet's theory was constructed without reference to Newtonian physics.
Perry is mistaken in thinking that Emmet’s theory was constructed without reference to Newtonian physics.
Perry obtained precious information from him.
Perry visited Uraga in 1853.
Persecution is a bad and indirect way to plant Religion.
Persecution mania plagues him, causing persistent feelings of being targeted and unjustly treated.
Perseid meteors, caused by debris left behind by the Comet Swift-Tuttle, began streaking across the skies in late July and will peak on August 12.
Perseus cut off Medusa's head.
Perseus killed Medusa and rescued Andromeda.
Perseus saw his children, one after the other, dragged behind the victor's chariot.
Perseverance and patience are always rewarded.
Perseverance became my greatest asset.
Perseverance builds character.
Perseverance conquers the worst obstacles.
Perseverance has surprising effects.
Perseverance is tasked with searching for telltale signs that microbial life may have lived on Mars billions of years ago.
Perseverance is the key to success.
Perseverance is the most important quality needed to attain success.
Perseverance is, among other things, necessary for success.
Perseverance overcomes everything.
Perseverance will collect rock core samples in metal tubes.
Perseverance wins.
Perseverance, as you know, is the key to success.
Perseverance, it is often said, is the key to success.
Persevere.
Pershing's forces were not sent directly into battle.
Pershing’s forces were not sent directly into battle.
Persia is a big country.
Persian Gulf is an element of historical identity of Iranian People.
Persian is not a difficult language.
Persian is not hard.
Persian is written and read from right to left.
Persian rugs are on the floor, a Victorian shawl hangs above the bed, newspapers lie on the dresser and a clamshell ashtray sits next to it.
Persian's not hard.
Persimmons are highly nutritious and a great delicacy, but sometimes you get a sour one.
Persist in reaching your dreams.
Persistence and patience are always rewarded.
Persistence is the shortest path to success.
Persistence makes anything possible.
Persistence overcomes everything.
Persistence pays off.
Persistence will pay off.
Persistent rain was forecast for this afternoon.
Persistent use of pornography can contribute to a decline in real-life sexual satisfaction and intimacy.
Person ignorant of the real world.
Person of the future: "The calendar of this Unix machine that the ancients built only goes up to January 19, 2038. As such, I am convinced that this marks the day of the Earth's destruction."
Personal care and services occupations are the fastest growing segment of the job market for non-college-educated workers, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics. These jobs are expected to grow 17% in the next decade, resulting in more than 1 million new jobs.
Personal computers are of great use.
Personal computers are very useful.
Personal data must be safeguarded.
Personal data requires constant vigilance.
Personal experiences have made me cautious.
Personal experiences shape one’s perspective significantly.
Personal freedom is the essence of democracy.
Personal freedom is the soul of democracy.
Personal freedom is the spirit of democracy.
Personal fulfillment often comes from setting and achieving goals.
Personal growth has taken many forms for me.
Personal growth often arises from overcoming obstacles.
Personal hygiene is important for everyone.
Personal hygiene is very important.
Personal information is best protected when it is not shared.
Personal liberty is diminishing nowadays.
Personal life of Larry Ewing was shared in a website.
Personal preferences are subjective, and it's not my responsibility to justify or apologize for them.
Personal privacy is a joke.
Personal pronouns aren't used in Japanese as much as in English.
Personality is important, but looks are important as well.
Personality is what makes individuals unique.
Personality tests aren't the end all be all.
Personality tests give me inconsistent results.
Personality traits are relatively stable throughout one's lifespan.
Personally I like both.
Personally I'm always ready to learn, although I do not always like being taught.
Personally I've had, in several circumstances of my life, the clear and absolute perception of the presence of some entity.
Personally, I believe he was moody.
Personally, I can't see a difference.
Personally, I can't tell the difference.
Personally, I disagree with those ideas.
Personally, I don't agree with Tom.
Personally, I don't believe Tom.
Personally, I don't fast.
Personally, I don't like it.
Personally, I don't think I'd say it this way. However, if I thought long enough, perhaps I could think of a situation in which I might.
Personally, I don't think Tom has a chance of winning.
Personally, I don't think it makes any difference who wins the election.
Personally, I don't think that Tom has a chance of winning.
Personally, I don't think that's a problem.
Personally, I don't think we should be doing this.
Personally, I don’t think it makes any difference who wins the election.
Personally, I feel like the concept of hiding our true thoughts is just lying to each other.
Personally, I find French more difficult than English.
Personally, I first assumed that William was a policeman.
Personally, I found Gujarati a lot easier to learn than Hindi.
Personally, I have always felt the best doctor in the world is the veterinarian. He can't ask his patients what is the matter — he's got to just know.
Personally, I have always felt the best doctor in the world is the veterinarian. He can’t ask his patients what is the matter â€” he’s got to just know.
Personally, I like not being at war.
Personally, I like peace.
Personally, I like this one better.
Personally, I liked this one.
Personally, I prefer beer to whisky.
Personally, I prefer chocolate eggs over colored chicken eggs.
Personally, I prefer this one.
Personally, I relax listening to music.
Personally, I think Tom is nuts.
Personally, I think it would be a mistake to hire Tom.
Personally, I think it's a load of twaddle.
Personally, I think that Tom is nuts.
Personally, I think that corporal punishment is a necessary evil.
Personally, I think that's a bunch of malarkey.
Personally, I think the Emerald Knight class has the best starting gear.
Personally, I think there is some truth to both sides. I believe the moon landing and Pluto fly-by were real, but all of the Mars landings and flybys of Jupiter's moons were hoaxes.
Personally, I think this is a lie.
Personally, I think you shouldn't do that.
Personally, I think you're right.
Personally, I would not do that, but you do you.
Personally, I wouldn't mind a slice of pie.
Personally, I'm against political jokes. Too often they get elected to office.
Personally, I’m going to keep doing what I like by not caring what you think.
Personally, you don't interest me.
Persons attempting to find a motive in this narrative will be prosecuted; persons attempting to find a moral in it will be banished; persons attempting to find a plot in it will be shot.
Persons of Anglo-Saxon or German origin are considered one hundred percent Americans.
Persons should answer the questions that are put to them.
Persons under age are prohibited from smoking.
Persons with special skills can easily get jobs.
Perspecticide is often part of a strategy of coercive control that may include manipulation, stalking, and physical abuse. Abusers make their partners narrow their worlds.
Perspectives vary from one person to another.
Persuade Tom to help you.
Persuading my father first is putting the cart before the horse.
Persuasion is better than force.
Persuasion is often more effectual than force.
Perth is Australia's Wild West.
Perth went into lockdown after a traveler who had returned from overseas escaped from a quarantine hotel.
Peru declared its independence in 1821, and remaining Spanish forces were defeated in 1824.
Peru grows quinoa.
Peru is the third largest country in South America after Brazil and Argentina.
Peru is the world's second-largest producer of silver and copper.
Peruvian Esteban Canal (1896-1981) won the title of chess grandmaster in 1977, at the age of eighty-one!
Peruvian-born writer Mario Vargas Llosa has won the 2010 Nobel Prize for literature, the first Spanish-language winner in more than two decades.
Pervasive and pernicious deviations from both fact and logical validity lurked behind a meretricious plausibility.
Pesach begins on the 15th of Nissan.
Pessimism believes in no improvement.
Pessimists say "I'm not rich." Optimists say "I'm not rich at the moment."
Pesticides are agricultural chemicals that exterminate insects that harm plants.
Pesticides could be one answer.
Pesto can be frozen into cubes.
Pesto is God's gift to the world.
Pet food is cheap, so I'll stock up.
Pet food is cheap, so let's stock up.
Pet him.
Pet me and bring me food.
Pet owners are always happy to share a memory about the time their dog responded to their distress by coming to them or trying to get their attention. But those seemed to just be stories, until new research in the journal Learning & Behavior found that dogs really do feel empathy toward their owners.
Pet owners sometimes castrate male animals to make them more docile.
Pet the cat.
Pet the kitty.
Pet turtles are a common source of Salmonella.
Petals are flying in the wind.
Petals flying in the wind.
Pete White works with Captain White’s Seafood City in Washington, D.C. The family-owned business gathers crabs and other seafood from the bay and sells it at its store right along the Potomac River. White told VOA that his family has been in the business for about 100 years. He is a big fan of Chesapeake blue crabs.
Pete came coasting down the hill on his sled.
Pete does not like peat.
Pete doesn't like to write notes in books, so he uses bookmarks.
Pete is with Viv in Skegness.
Pete screwed the piece of paper up and threw it over his shoulder.
Peter Englund of the Nobel Committee in Stockholm made the announcement Thursday morning, calling the novelist, essayist and playwright a "divinely gifted" storyteller.
Peter Florence, the head of the judges, said they had been told "quite firmly" that they could only pick one winner.
Peter Hook (from the bands Joy Division and New Order) has a low-slung playing style, with his hands often below his waist.
Peter I cut a window to Europe.
Peter Kropotkin was a brilliant man.
Peter O'Toole is my favorite actor.
Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers.
Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers. A peck of pickled peppers Peter Piper picked. If Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers, where's the peck of pickled peppers Peter Piper picked?
Peter Thiel is one evil bastard.
Peter always makes a mountain out of a molehill.
Peter and Carol were at odds with each other over where to spend their vacation.
Peter and Emma are just friends. There's nothing between him and her.
Peter and Emma are just friends. There’s nothing between him and her.
Peter and Eve are a dream couple.
Peter and Eve make a handsome couple.
Peter and Eve make a lovely couple.
Peter and I often go to the cinema.
Peter and I would often go to the movies.
Peter and Lech come from Poland.
Peter and Paul said that they would also die as martyrs.
Peter and his friend went for a walk in the park.
Peter applied to his boss for a raise.
Peter arrived from the city yesterday.
Peter asked his friend to give him back his books.
Peter asked his friend to return his books.
Peter came from the city yesterday.
Peter came in your absence.
Peter came while you were away.
Peter came while you were out.
Peter could tell that she was bored.
Peter denied that he was Christ's disciple.
Peter didn't come after all.
Peter didn't even know what a capacitor does.
Peter didn't intend to break the vase.
Peter didn’t come after all.
Peter didn’t intend to break the vase.
Peter doesn't know how to carry himself.
Peter doesn't need to attend the meeting.
Peter doesn't speak Russian.
Peter doesn't understand Russian.
Peter doesn't want to go to Nepal with me.
Peter doesn’t need to attend the meeting.
Peter drinks quite a lot of coffee.
Peter drinks, and that is why his nose is red.
Peter enjoys a beer in the evening.
Peter expects a lot from his teenage son.
Peter expressed his frustration at the meeting with Robert because at this moment he has like eight immediate bosses that give him contradictory orders.
Peter fell in love with the girl.
Peter got a new sled for Christmas.
Peter got tired of life.
Peter got up from the table, silently poured out his glass, then sat down again.
Peter had already enquired about holiday offers at a travel agency when his wife suddenly fell ill.
Peter had fallen in love with that girl.
Peter has a toothache.
Peter has been trying to find a new apartment for some time.
Peter has brown hair.
Peter has decided to leave tomorrow.
Peter has just left that room.
Peter has never had a girlfriend this beautiful.
Peter has no heir.
Peter has opened my eyes.
Peter has studied in Munich for one year.
Peter hates peeling potatoes.
Peter is English. Is Susan English, too?
Peter is a labourer.
Peter is a merry fellow.
Peter is a night owl.
Peter is a proper whingebag.
Peter is a right whinger.
Peter is a truth teller.
Peter is a truthful man.
Peter is an honest person.
Peter is buying a female cat.
Peter is buying a tom cat.
Peter is buying a tomcat.
Peter is cold, he wish a sweater.
Peter is continually making phone calls to his mother.
Peter is going for a walk with Mary.
Peter is inside the house.
Peter is just leaving that room.
Peter is learning at the library.
Peter is my best friend.
Peter is my eldest son.
Peter is my husband's brother. Paul is my sister's husband. Peter and Paul are my brothers-in-law.
Peter is not at all like his dad.
Peter is not at all like his father.
Peter is not in now.
Peter is studying Law because he wants to be a lawyer.
Peter is the bigger of the two boys.
Peter is very strict.
Peter is working as an apprentice.
Peter isn't anything like his father.
Peter isn’t anything like his father.
Peter knocked down the chair.
Peter left for Thessaloniki yesterday. He'll be there for a week.
Peter likes to drink a beer in the evening.
Peter likes to improvise on his guitar.
Peter lives with his friend.
Peter looks very young.
Peter loved Jane.
Peter loves Jane.
Peter may need a new diaper.
Peter met Pearl when they were at school together.
Peter never had to help the girl with drawing.
Peter not only denied that he was Christ's disciple, but that he even knew him.
Peter opened the door.
Peter overcame a lot of difficulties before succeeding as a doctor.
Peter painted a portrait.
Peter pays more rent for his flat than some people earn.
Peter quickly wrote a 2-column article.
Peter reads a book.
Peter really wants a magnet on his fridge.
Peter remarked that the pudding was too sweet.
Peter said that he saw the body move.
Peter saw Paul walking round in his garden.
Peter screams from his throat.
Peter seems to be very sure of himself.
Peter sees that the garage door is open.
Peter sent heartfelt wishes to his parents.
Peter should be revising for tomorrow's exam. Instead, he's playing video games.
Peter showed due respect to his teacher.
Peter succeeded in finding the lost sheep thanks to its bleating.
Peter takes after his mother more than his father.
Peter talks with his parents in the United States on the phone at least once a week.
Peter the Cruel is also known as Peter the Just.
Peter the Great, Czar of Russia, used to take out people's teeth for fun.
Peter translated the sentence into Kadazan.
Peter turned an empty metal barrel upside down and drummed on the bottom with his hands.
Peter wanted to become a doctor.
Peter was a fisherman.
Peter was an altruistic video game player; he would give items to people who needed them, rather than selling them for personal profit.
Peter was born mentally retarded.
Peter was cycling down the street at night when he saw his father standing in a front doorway with a young neighbour, his arms around her as they kissed.
Peter was elected captain.
Peter was fed up with childish girls and wanted to meet a really mature woman.
Peter was fed up with childish girls.
Peter was wearing a hand-knitted waistcoat over a grandad shirt with the sleeves rolled up.
Peter was wearing what looked like a hand-knitted waistcoat.
Peter works as an apprentice.
Peter works as an unskilled laborer.
Peter's cottage is very big.
Peter's mother enters his room, and in spite of the windows being opened, she can tell that Peter has been smoking.
Peter's very tall. He takes after his father.
Peter's wife is a brunette.
Peter, Anne, and Elizabeth are my siblings.
Peter, Nancy will be ready in while.
Peter, can you deal with these customers, please? I'm a bit tied up at the moment.
Peter, do you want to study with me?
Peter, what are you gonna do about a job? We can't just keep eating into our savings.
Peterborough has a power purchase agreement with a private company that paid for all the solar energy costs upfront, including buying and installing solar modules.
Peterhouse is the oldest of the 33 colleges of Cambridge.
Peter’s cottage is very big.
Peter’s one of the best goalkeepers ever. He’s always able to pull off great saves.
Peter’s very tall. He takes after his father.
Petit is a tan pony with hazel eyes and a pink mane that is styled in a similar manner to belle hair.
Petitioners for asylum must file for asylum within a year of their arrival in the U.S.
Petitioners for asylum must prove they have a “reasonable fear” of persecution in their home country. Reasonable fear is defined by the United Nations as at least a 10 percent chance of persecution.
Petra is a young shop assistant.
Petrels are very aggressive.
Petrels live in burrows.
Petrified trees in Yellowstone are the result of volcanic debris flows that occurred about 50 million years ago.
Petro isn't reading a book.
Petrochemicals are chemical products derived from petroleum.
Petroglyphs can be found in various places of Algeria.
Petrol is cheap now.
Petrol is in great demand.
Petrol is no longer a cheap fuel.
Petrol is no longer cheap.
Petrol is scarce around here.
Petrol is scarce in these parts.
Petrol is too expensive.
Petrol is used as fuel.
Petrol prices affect us all in one way or another.
Petrol prices are going up and up at the moment.
Petrol prices have come down.
Petrol prices have dropped.
Petrol prices have fallen.
Petrol's not cheap any more.
Petroleum extraction is in decline in 33 out of the 48 major suppliers of oil.
Petroleum has been important since ancient times.
Petroleum priced coal out of the energy market in Japan.
Petroleum was replacing coal as fuel.
Petrology is the study of rocks.
Pets are a privilege, not a right!
Pets are allowed in the monument and on trails, but must be leashed (six-foot maximum) at all times.
Pets are allowed.
Pets are not allowed in our hotel.
Pets are permitted.
Pets are wonderful.
Pets aren't allowed here.
Pets aren't allowed in the apartment building where I live.
Pets can be very expensive.
Pets can disturb or harm wildlife, or cause mothers and babies to get separated.
Pets can offer companionship and love.
Pets offer us more than mere companionship.
Pettiness separates; breadth unites. Let us be broad and big. Let us not overlook vital things because of the bulk of trifles confronting us.
Pettis adds that identifying those other contributing factors may be even more important to solving the problem. In the meantime, those who keep bees should do what they can to keep their hives as healthy as possible by following good beekeeping practices.
Petty larceny is a misdemeanor.
Petty larceny is a misdemeanor; grand larceny is a felony.
Petunias are beautiful.
Peugeot is opening a factory on Algerian soil.
Peugeot, Renault and Citroen are French car manufacturers.
Pew surveyor Katerina Eva Matsa said this falls in line with years of research on political attitudes toward news media in general.
Pfft! That's what you get for laughing at a girl!
Pfft! That's your punishment for laughing at a girl!
Pfft! That’s what you get for laughing at a girl!
Pfft! Who cares what Tom thinks?
Pfft, who cares?
Pfft, who gives a damn?
Pfft, who gives a fuck?
Pfft, who gives a shit?
Pfirsichbaeumchen is from Germany.
Pfirsichbaeumchen knows how to write in Berber.
Pfirsichbaeumchen knows some words in Berber.
Pfirsichbaeumchen learned the Berber alphabet.
Pfirsichbaeumchen learnt the Berber alphabet.
Pfirsichbaeumchen wants to learn Berber.
Pfirsichbaeumchen writes in Berber.
Ph.D. is an abbreviation of the Latin phrase - philosophiae doctoratum.
Ph.Ds require an intense level of expertise—so much expertise that most Ph.D holders once were almost guaranteed jobs as university professors or researchers.
Phaeacia's heights with the horizon blend; / we skim Epirus, and Chaonia's bay / enter, and to Buthrotum's town ascend.
Phalerists collect honorary decorations, medals, and badges.
Pharamp cut the cake in half.
Pharamp cut the cake in two.
Pharamp divided the cake into two.
Pharamp paid a fine for illegal parking.
Pharamp wants Trang all for herself.
Pharamp wishes Trang good night even though she knows that she is not in bed at this hour.
Pharamp wishes everyone a Merry Christmas and a great summer with many concerts!
Pharaoh awaked after his rest.
Pharaoh therefore charged all his people, saying: Whatsoever shall be born of the male sex, ye shall cast into the river: whatsoever of the female, ye shall save alive.
Pharaoh was a cruel oppressor.
Pharaoh's chariots and his army he hath cast into the sea: his chosen captains are drowned in the Red Sea.
Pharaohs were the rulers of ancient Egypt.
Pharmaceutical companies hide information from the public about the safety of the medications they sell.
Pharmacies now track tranquilizer prescriptions in the US to help prevent misuse.
Pharmacists said they had sold out of surgical masks, hand-sanitizers and disinfectant wipes.
Pharyngeal sounds are made in the pharynx.
Phase one is complete.
Phelps thrust away the precious document into the innermost pocket of his coat.
Phenolphthalein is an indicator used in acid-base titrations.
Phenolphthalein will turn fuchsia in the presence of a base with a pH of or above 10.0 and will remain colorless in the presence of a solution with a pH of or below 8.2.
Phenylketonuria (commonly known as PKU) is an inherited disorder that increases the levels of a substance called phenylalanine in the blood.
Phew! It hurts me to see my identity crumble.
Phew! It hurts to see my identity wither.
Phew! That was close!
Phew, I'm safe now.
Phew, that was a long sentence!
Phew, we made it in time. My bladder was about to explode.
Phew, what a tough day!
Phew, you at least, you listen to me!
Phil Pfister is the only American to be named one of the World's top five Strong Men since 1990. Though he's placed well in numerous contests, including winning the American Hercules 2000, and coming in second at this year's "Beauty and the Beast" contest, he isn't getting rich off the prize money. His winnings have averaged about $15,000 a year.
Phil would never take part in an activity as highbrow as going to the opera.
Philadelphia's nickname, "the City of Brotherly Love," is simply a translation from the Greek roots of the city's name.
Philadelphia’s nickname, "the City of Brotherly Love," is simply a translation from the Greek roots of the city’s name.
Philae landed and then bounced for 2 hours before landing again.
Philae's harpoons did not deploy.
Philae's landing site was named Agilkia.
Philandering is immoral.
Philanthropists Bill and Melinda Gates are highlighting global gains in reducing child mortality, while advocating more work on vaccinating kids, addressing malnutrition and empowering women in society.
Philanthropy is commendable, but it must not cause the philanthropist to overlook the circumstances of economic injustice which make philanthropy necessary.
Philanthropy is the highest virtue.
Philately is my passion.
Phileas Fogg had won his wager. He had made his journey around the world in eighty days!
Philetas said that they who are smitten by Love, become sad; so are we sad: — that they care neither for food nor drink; nor do we: — that they cannot sleep; nor can we:— that they burn; and we feel a fire within us: — that they are always desirous of each other's company; and all we long for is that daylight may soon return. So our disorder must be Love, and we have learnt to love each other without being conscious of it.
Philetas, having given them this and further information, bade them farewell, but before they permitted him to depart, they presented him with a cheese, and a kid whose horns were just beginning to sprout.
Philetas, the judge, having to render his sentence, swore by Pan and the Nymphs, that neither Daphnis nor his goats were in fault, that only the sea and the winds could be accused, and that they were not under his jurisdiction.
Philidor was considered the best chess player in the world in his time. The Philidor Defense, which is one of the open games, is named after him.
Philip Christensen, a geophysicist at Arizona State University, Tempe, focuses his attentions on Mars and Earth.
Philip Pullman, author of the His Dark Materials trilogy, was born in 1946 in the medieval city of Norwich.
Philip and Sheila are late. Am I, too?
Philip and Tom are related to each other.
Philip found Nathanael and told him.
Philip has a bicycle and two cars.
Philip hates traveling for away games. He always gets really tired and never plays well.
Philip is more handsome than you are.
Philip is more handsome than you.
Philip is nicer than you.
Philip is prettier than you.
Philip wants to get ripped.
Philip was found at Azotus.
Philip, like Andrew and Peter, was from the town of Bethesda.
Philippeville is now called Skikda.
Philippine indigenous culture is quite aural-oral as television, videos, and movies outshine literature. Often, the English-language section of Philippine bookstores is larger than the indigenous-language section.
Philippine motorcycle riders wear masks to deflect vehicular exhausts in heavy traffic.
Philippine society is composed chiefly of mixes of Sundadonts, Sinodonts, and Caucasoids.
Philippines is called "Filipinas" in Spanish.
Philippines is called "Pilipinas" in Tagalog.
Philipsburg is the capital of Sint Maarten.
Philistia consisted of Ashkelon, Ashdod, Ekron, Gath, and Gaza.
Philistine territory was divided into the territory of the five cities of Gaza, Ashdod, Askalon, Gath, and Ekron, the so-called Philistine Pentapolis.
Phillip isn't an engineer.
Philology and medicine were named by Nietzsche to be "the two great opponents of all superstition".
Philosophers are accustomed to speak of the will as if it were the best-known thing in the world.
Philosophers distinguish between a priori and a posteriori knowledge.
Philosophers tend to have little contact with the outside world.
Philosophically spiritualism shows a strong tendency to develop into either panpsychism or transcendentalism.
Philosophy and Social Sciences.
Philosophy and economics majors get the highest LSAT scores.
Philosophy has much to teach us.
Philosophy is a science, and as such has no articles of faith; accordingly, in it nothing can be assumed as existing except what is either positively given empirically, or demonstrated through indubitable conclusions.
Philosophy is actually homesickness: the drive to be at home everywhere.
Philosophy is an interesting field of study.
Philosophy is an interesting subject.
Philosophy is called the clever translation of the unexplainable into the incomprehensible.
Philosophy is learning how to die.
Philosophy is my passion.
Philosophy is not a thing one can learn in six months.
Philosophy is not a written subject, but a way of life.
Philosophy is not as difficult a subject as you think.
Philosophy is not so difficult a subject as you imagine it is.
Philosophy is not so difficult a subject as you imagine.
Philosophy is often regarded as difficult.
Philosophy is saying for the thousandth time what everybody knows in a language that nobody understands.
Philosophy is the art of taking revenge on reality.
Philosophy is the critic of cosmologies.
Philosophy is the love of wisdom.
Philosophy is the self-correction by consciousness of its own initial excess of subjectivity.
Philosophy searches for the truth, but the truth flees philosophy.
Philosophy shouldn't just answer questions, but raise them as well.
Philosophy teaches us to feel uncertain about the things that seem to us self-evident. Propaganda, on the other hand, teaches us to accept as self-evident matters about which it would be reasonable to suspend our judgment or to feel doubt.
Phinney adapted to the 33-degree turns at the concrete track, but stopping the fixed-gear bike with no brakes proved a little embarrassing.
Phishing is a cybercrime.
Phlebitis is caused by enlarged veins near the surface of the skin.
Phnom Penh is the capital of Cambodia.
Phnom Penh was flooded two or three days ago.
Phobos has an oblong shape with an average diameter of about 14 miles (22 kilometers).
Phobos will eventually break apart and form a ring system around Mars.
Phocids, or earless seals, are said to originate in Asia, about 15 to 20 million years ago.
Phoebe discovered that her sister was a camgirl.
Phoebe is a camgirl.
Phoenician and Ancient Hebrew were practically the same language.
Phoenician and Hebrew are closely related languages.
Phoenician and Hebrew are closely related.
Phoenician and Hebrew are distinct languages, but they are closely related.
Phoenician and Hebrew are extremely similar.
Phoenician and Hebrew are practically the same language.
Phoenician and Hebrew are structurally similar.
Phoenician and Hebrew are very close languages.
Phoenician and Hebrew are very closely related languages.
Phoenician and Hebrew are very closely related.
Phoenician and Hebrew are very similar.
Phoenician and Hebrew belong to the Northwest Semitic group.
Phoenician and Hebrew were strongly linked.
Phoenician is a Semitic language closely related to Hebrew.
Phoenician is a Semitic language that's closely related to Hebrew.
Phoenician is a sister language of Hebrew.
Phoenician is basically identical to Hebrew.
Phoenician is closely related to Hebrew.
Phoenician is extremely close to Hebrew.
Phoenician is most closely related to Hebrew.
Phoenician is very close to Hebrew.
Phoenician is very similar to Hebrew.
Phoenician literature, written on papyrus, has mostly been lost to time and the elements.
Phoenician was very similar to Hebrew.
Phoenix is the capital of Arizona.
Phone 333 (Internal) or 999 to call the fire brigade.
Phone 999 in case of emergency.
Phone Sami and tell him that you're coming home.
Phone as soon as you arrive.
Phone as soon as you're ready.
Phone boxes are as rare as hen's teeth round here.
Phone calls were made.
Phone chargers should be built into everything.
Phone for you.
Phone her tonight.
Phone him tonight.
Phone home!
Phone home.
Phone if you want me to pick you up.
Phone me after nine o'clock.
Phone me after nine.
Phone me after you've spoken to him.
Phone me any time you want.
Phone me as soon as possible, please.
Phone me as soon as you arrive.
Phone me as soon as you get there.
Phone me back.
Phone me before you go.
Phone me before you leave.
Phone me if it rains.
Phone me if something happens.
Phone me if you change your mind.
Phone me if you find Tom.
Phone me if you find her.
Phone me if you find him.
Phone me if you find them.
Phone me later.
Phone me the news.
Phone me tomorrow afternoon.
Phone me tomorrow at nine in the morning.
Phone me tomorrow at nine o'clock.
Phone me tomorrow at nine.
Phone me tomorrow at three o'clock.
Phone me tomorrow at twelve.
Phone me up.
Phone me when you find him.
Phone me when you get there.
Phone me when you get this message.
Phone me when you're there.
Phone me when you've finished.
Phone me whenever you want.
Phone me.
Phone the police.
Phone theft has been thwarted in an unusual manner.
Phone them tonight.
Phone us this afternoon.
Phone your sister.
Phonebooks are fascinating.
Phones are no longer made only for calling.
Phonetics gives character to language.
Phonk is the new trend.
Phooey on the math test!
Phooey. I'm late again.
Phosphorus provides nourishment for cyanobacteria (blue algae) which multiply and release toxins.
Phosphorylation is an important step in the synthesis of ATP.
Phosphorylation is one of the most common modifications used by the cell to regulate the behavior of its proteins.
Photo ID will also likely be needed at banks, libraries and airports, and for mail pickup at a post office or commercial postal service.
Photo booths are found in shopping malls, beach boardwalks, amusement parks and other places.
Photocopying kills the book.
Photography allows me to capture moments of wonder.
Photography and videotaping are forbidden.
Photography is a form of time travel.
Photography is an art.
Photography is an expensive hobby.
Photography is his favourite hobby.
Photography is now considered a new form of art.
Photography is prohibited.
Photography is writing with light.
Photography of this area is prohibited.
Photography prohibited!
Photography takes me back to my childhood.
Photography was discovered in the 18th century.
Photolithography is used to make integrated circuits.
Photos and videos can be edited and altered.
Photos can be deceiving.
Phragmites grows much taller, denser and with deeper roots than the native marsh grass it overruns.
Phragmites grows much taller, denser and with deeper roots than the native marsh grass it overruns. But those same traits that make it a powerful invader also mean it stores more carbon than native species.
Phragmites plants growing on Staten Island draft in a breeze in the Oakwood Beach neighborhood of Staten Island.
Phrasal verbs are an English learner's worst nightmare.
Phrasal verbs often cause problems for those learning English.
Phrases are surely more interesting than sentences.
Phrases are syntactical units.
Phrases heard in children's games can be handed down for generations after their meaning has been forgotten.
Phrenology was very popular in the 19th century, but nowadays most consider it to be nothing more than a curious pseudoscience.
Physibles will be the next step in copying.
Physical Education is my favourite subject.
Physical abuse has long-term effects.
Physical abuse is connected to alcohol.
Physical abuse is connected to drug use.
Physical activities - from raking leaves to walking to the grocery store - can help seniors retain the grey matter in their brains.
Physical activity is beneficial since childhood.
Physical activity is necessary for good health.
Physical books have infinite battery life, are very durable, and you can flip pages instantly.
Physical books take up way too much space, so I read with my eReader and my smartphone.
Physical changes are directly related to aging.
Physical closeness made him feel threatened, so his girlfriend took things very, very slow.
Physical confrontations won't lead to any real answers.
Physical contact is quite essential to me.
Physical contact with a child is very important.
Physical courage and the love of battle, for instance, are no great help—may even be hindrances—to a civilized man.
Physical education is good for your health.
Physical exercise is the best way to get rid of stress.
Physical exercise strengthens the muscles.
Physical exercise trains the muscles.
Physical fitness requires time and dedication.
Physical objects are actually made up mostly of space. Even subatomic particles appear more like space than like things.
Physical pain is only for a moment, but words cut deep and stick.
Physical reactions often stem from emotional triggers.
Physical strength is an important attribute as far as search and rescue dogs are concerned.
Physically impossible.
Physically, a man is a man for a much longer time than a woman is a woman.
Physically, it is incredible, too. Over the course of five weeks, about 100 volunteers helped Parker and his staff plant the 24,000 trees. Phil Bishop, who managed a computer center before he retired, figures he single-handedly planted 500 or 600 of them. While his knees are a bit weary, he is glad to help out.
Physically, the Yautja are imposing and muscular humanoid beings with reptilian-like skin.
Physically, the two men were very different.
Physician, heal thyself.
Physicians and engineers in the Netherlands are developing a “smart mask” that uses sensors and data to monitor a wearer's temperature and respiration and warns them when the mask needs replacing.
Physicians are fighting to save the life of a 15-year-old girl who was first believed to be dead when rescuers pulled her from a pile of rubble.
Physicians are usually distinguished from surgeons.
Physicians may also encourage patients to send their partners to seek care.
Physicians must confront ageism.
Physicist Justin Crepp says the prospects for finding life out there are very good: “If tens of a percent of stars have planets that could resemble the earth and potentially have life, then the implications are that there are billions of them just within our Milky Way Galaxy.”
Physicists call these doomsday scenarios ridiculous. They say cosmic rays have been bombarding the earth and triggering collisions similar to those planned for the collider, since the solar system formed 4.5 billion years ago.
Physicists discovered that atoms are made up of vortices of energy that are constantly spinning and vibrating.
Physicists often argue that all of Biology can be reduced to physics; for their part, Biologists typically counter that such a position ignores the unfathomable complexity present in even the simplest of living systems.
Physicists translate the raw forces of nature into mathematical language.
Physicists use ultracold atom facilities on Earth for a variety of experiments that probe the fundamental behaviors of atoms.
Physicists who will conduct experiments at the Large Hadron Collider are generally focused on pure research, not practical applications. But as in the past, there are likely to be important spin-offs. Previous discoveries from fundamental science have led to indispensable tools in medicine, industry and research. And then, of course, the World Wide Web was invented at CERN. It was a spin-off from CERN's large research program in information technology.
Physics be hanged!
Physics can be defined as the science of matter, motion, and energy.
Physics does not describe the world; it describes what we know about the world.
Physics doesn't interest me at all.
Physics has many related disciplines.
Physics is Greek to me.
Physics is a branch of science.
Physics is a fundamental natural science.
Physics is concerned with only the simplest cases.
Physics is hard.
Physics is more difficult than mathematics.
Physics is my favorite subject.
Physics is my weak subject.
Physics is not easy to learn.
Physics is the basic physical science.
Physics lessons with Mr. Kramer are fun.
Physics provides insight into the universally applicable laws of our world.
Physiology is a science.
Pi Day is celebrated on March 14th.
Pi day is a great day to eat pie.
Pi is a transcendental number.
Pi is an irrational number.
Pi is irrational.
Pia is the proud owner of a new skateboard.
Piano music soothes the soul.
Pianos are expensive, but cars are even more expensive.
Pianos are heavy.
Pianos are quite expensive, aren't they?
Pianos are really expensive, aren't they?
Pianos are very expensive, aren't they?
Picard is an oïl language.
Picasso is a famous artist whom everyone knows.
Picasso is a famous artist.
Picasso is an eminent painter.
Picasso is considered the greatest painter of the twentieth century.
Picasso is responsible for 20,000 art works.
Picasso kept drawing pictures until he was 91 years old.
Picasso once said: "We need a lot of time to become young."
Picasso painted that picture in 1950.
Picasso painted this painting in 1950.
Picasso painted this picture in 1950.
Picasso was a famous painter.
Picasso was a great artist.
Picasso was no clown. He was a sarcastic commentator on a confused age, a great archivist of humanity's foolishness.
Picasso's "Les Demoiselles d'Avignon" debuted in 1907.
Picasso's art is stolen more frequently than that of any other artist.
Picasso's early works have been exhibited at this hall.
Picasso's paintings seem strange to me.
Picasso’s early works have been exhibited at this hall.
Picasso’s paintings seem strange to me.
Piccadilly Circus is in London.
Pick Tom up from school today.
Pick Tom.
Pick a book for yourself!
Pick a card, any card.
Pick a card, write your name on it and put it back in the deck.
Pick a card.
Pick a category.
Pick a color.
Pick a date.
Pick a few random sentences (just 2 or 3), record them, and send us the samples at team@tatoeba.org, with the title "Audio for Tatoeba in <language_name>".
Pick a film.
Pick a god and pray!
Pick a job that you enjoy and working will seem easy.
Pick a letter of the alphabet.
Pick a letter.
Pick a name from this list.
Pick a name.
Pick a number.
Pick a side for crying out loud.
Pick a vowel and a color.
Pick a weapon.
Pick another cookie.
Pick another number.
Pick any card.
Pick any specific medical school to which you are applying, and tell the interviewer about it. What makes this school particularly desirable to you?
Pick any three cards.
Pick anything you like.
Pick as many apples as you want and put them in this box.
Pick between cheese and dessert.
Pick cheese or dessert.
Pick him up.
Pick it up and throw it.
Pick it up.
Pick me an apple.
Pick me up 2:30 in front of the main gate.
Pick me up at 2.30.
Pick me up at 2:30.
Pick me up at half past two.
Pick me up at half two.
Pick me up.
Pick me.
Pick on somebody your own size, you bully.
Pick on somebody your own size.
Pick on someone your own size.
Pick on the Arakanese because you can’t dominate the Indian.
Pick one of the items on this list.
Pick one of the two cards.
Pick one of the two.
Pick one of two cards.
Pick one out of all of them.
Pick one out.
Pick one up while you can.
Pick out the shirt that you like best.
Pick roses in summer, because they will not bloom in winter.
Pick something and stick with it.
Pick something better.
Pick that fig.
Pick that pen up off the floor.
Pick that up and let's go.
Pick that up.
Pick the Quran up and read it.
Pick the book up off the floor.
Pick the flower.
Pick the hardest stuff and do it first.
Pick the medlars when they're mature but not ripe and leave them in a dark corner to soften. This is called bletting.
Pick the one you like best.
Pick the one you prefer.
Pick the pen up from the floor.
Pick this up and go over there.
Pick this up.
Pick up a bag of oranges at the supermarket.
Pick up a book and read!
Pick up a book.
Pick up a few boxes of spaghetti while you're out, would you?
Pick up a gallon of milk on your way home.
Pick up a gallon of milk.
Pick up all your toys and put them away.
Pick up diapers on your way home.
Pick up my favorite magazines at the gift shop.
Pick up some melons while you're out.
Pick up some milk on your way home.
Pick up that paper there on the floor.
Pick up the bike.
Pick up the chair.
Pick up the dry leaves from the apple tree, and clean the yard.
Pick up the gun.
Pick up the knife.
Pick up the language as you did your mother tongue.
Pick up the mango.
Pick up the microphone.
Pick up the pace.
Pick up the pace. You have fifteen minutes.
Pick up the pencil from the floor.
Pick up the phone!
Pick up the phone.
Pick up the right option.
Pick up the towel, a storm is coming.
Pick up your briefcase.
Pick up your clothes.
Pick up your dog poop.
Pick up your guitar and play us a tune.
Pick up your gym clothes.
Pick up your rubbish.
Pick up your soiled underpants off the floor of the restroom.
Pick up your things and go away.
Pick up your toys.
Pick up your trash.
Pick whichever items on this list you want.
Pick your battles.
Pick your favorite bat.
Pick your friends carefully.
Pick your friends so that you can benefit from them.
Pick your poison.
Pick your rubbish up.
Pick your toys up.
Picking out the right man, he would strike him.
Picking sides is always dangerous.
Picking the teeth does not fill the stomach.
Picking up the pieces.
Picking up the pieces...
Picking your nose can hurt the delicate skin inside, so be careful.
Picking your nose can make you sick, so avoid it.
Pickleball is a pathetic excuse for tennis.
Pickles and ketchup are a rather peculiar combination.
Pickles are made from cucumbers.
Pickles given beat honey that's bought.
Pickles on your sandwich?
Pickpockets almost always work in groups.
Pickpockets may operate in this area.
Pickpockets often work in groups.
Pickpockets target tourists.
Pickup trucks are popular in North America, but not in Europe.
Picnic on a sunny day is a good idea.
Pics or it didn't happen.
Picture a day at the beach, collecting treasures and building castles.
Picture a secret garden, where words become petals in the breeze.
Picture books will cultivate the minds of children.
Pictures and prints which even my unpractised eyes could recognize as being of great price and rarity hung thick upon the walls.
Pictures and strangeness continue to come alive.
Pictures are amazing!
Pictures of Robert and Martha together started flooding Facebook.
Pictures of coffins covered with flags went all over the papers.
Pictures of coffins covered with flags were all over the papers.
Pictures sent on Snapchat are destroyed after a few seconds.
Pictures show how only rubble remains of a school in the city.
Pictures taken by space probes have shown thin rings around Jupiter.
Picturesque rocks covered in moss tower around the lake.
Pidgins were created because of slavery.
Pie pumpkins are made into a purée and used for pumpkin pie.
Piece of cake!
Piecemeal approaches are doomed to fail.
Pieces of broken stained glass were one of the evidences for the crime.
Pieces of music played during the broadcast are faded out in the podcast.
Pieces of the broken mirror lay scattered on the floor.
Pieces of the wreckage were found here and there.
Piedmont-Palladino is concerned that the home-building industry doesn't appear prepared to take on the challenge of building better-performing houses.
Pierce wanted to run for re-election.
Pierce was elected in 1852.
Pierce whatever ear you want. It doesn't mean you're gay.
Piercings can be a form of rebellion for teenagers.
Pierette was born in 1914 in Aix-en-Provence.
Piero Armenti's sister thinks that I would rather create my own language, which I have been doing. I am still a conlanger. I prefer conlangs over natlangs.
Piero Armenti's videos really help me learn Italian.
Piero Armenti, who lives in New York City, is popular in Social Media with his beautiful Italian-language videos.
Piero and Martina understand the idea of the "chocolate conlang."
Pierre Rabehi, may he rest in peace: his original homeland has completely ignored him. What a pity!
Pierre ate and drank a lot, with his usual eagerness.
Pierre brought me a present from Paris. It's a miniature Eiffel Tower.
Pierre caught a cold.
Pierre dealt cards to all the players.
Pierre didn't understand any of it.
Pierre got sick.
Pierre has a lot of pirated software on his computer.
Pierre smiled in silence.
Pierre still believes in Santa Claus. On the other hand, his son does not believe anymore.
Pierre's country house is built of stone.
Pierre, come here!
Pierrot is crazy.
Pierrot lost his first baby tooth today.
Piers Morgan interviewed Noam Chomsky.
Piet really is a walking dictionary.
Pietro accessed Rima’s medical records.
Pietro agreed with the accusation.
Pietro almost ran out of oxygen.
Pietro also wants the samples.
Pietro always managed to escape.
Pietro and Melissa had a wrestling match.
Pietro and Melissa seemed to get on easy.
Pietro and Melissa went to Algiers for their honeymoon.
Pietro and Melissa were playing with the leaves.
Pietro and Rima are actually lovers.
Pietro and Rima left together.
Pietro and Rima were conspiring together.
Pietro and Rima were touring around the property.
Pietro and his friends ran in different directions.
Pietro and his wife were on their honeymoon in Algeria.
Pietro apologized for failing.
Pietro apologized to Rima for causing her so much pain.
Pietro asked Melissa if she needed something.
Pietro asked Melissa to describe that man.
Pietro asked Melissa to help him find his son.
Pietro asked Rima why she didn’t communicate with anyone else.
Pietro asked about Rima.
Pietro asked for a manager.
Pietro asked to speak to the manager.
Pietro ate at a fancy seafood place.
Pietro attacked Walid furiously.
Pietro became psychologically unstable.
Pietro became tired of the same outcome.
Pietro began laughing.
Pietro began the next round.
Pietro began throwing punches.
Pietro began to argue with Rima.
Pietro blamed Rima for everything that was happening.
Pietro brought Rima into the courtroom.
Pietro brought a plastic bag from his car.
Pietro brought the massive space station back to life.
Pietro brushed that aside as a hallucination.
Pietro burnt the monster’s body and turned it into dust.
Pietro called a man who just arrived.
Pietro called every hotel in town.
Pietro called the cops and they came.
Pietro came across a number of corpses.
Pietro came as fast as he could to the costume room.
Pietro came back inside the building.
Pietro came back to the room for some reason.
Pietro came face to face with the alien.
Pietro came in contact with Rima and got infected.
Pietro came in contact with an alien living organism.
Pietro came in the month of April.
Pietro came into view.
Pietro came over to Melissa's window.
Pietro can try on the costume.
Pietro cares deeply about those young people.
Pietro caused everyone to panic.
Pietro charged full speed at Melissa.
Pietro checked the bedroom and it was empty, too.
Pietro checked the thermoregulator.
Pietro chose Rima to be killed.
Pietro cleaned the room using the strongest cleaning products he had.
Pietro comes at exactly four o’clock every afternoon.
Pietro commanded the soldiers.
Pietro communicated with the doctor.
Pietro continued the route to the originally planned destination.
Pietro controls the game.
Pietro could finally join the woman that he loved.
Pietro couldn't find Melissa a room anywhere.
Pietro cracked the code.
Pietro cut off Rima’s research funds.
Pietro damaged his life support system.
Pietro decided to do something scary that night.
Pietro decided to search the ventilation shaft.
Pietro decided to utilize the opportunity.
Pietro defends child pornography.
Pietro deleted Rima’s number.
Pietro despises people like Rima.
Pietro detected a foreign presence moving around the station.
Pietro didn't belong out on the streets.
Pietro didn't care about anything.
Pietro didn't expose his face.
Pietro didn't know what Melissa's Halloween costume was supposed to be.
Pietro didn't know whether to laugh or not.
Pietro didn't make any loud noises.
Pietro didn't manage to steal anything.
Pietro didn't mean to creep Melissa out.
Pietro didn't move, nor Melissa.
Pietro didn't see anyone in that costume.
Pietro didn't speak though.
Pietro didn't stop running at Melissa.
Pietro didn't tell Melissa, even though he didn't know why.
Pietro didn't wear a mask.
Pietro died in a diving accident.
Pietro discovered a secret basement in Rima’s mansion.
Pietro doesn’t care.
Pietro donned his uniform.
Pietro dropped another rope.
Pietro dropped his bag on the couch.
Pietro dropped his flashlight.
Pietro dropped the box in the costume room.
Pietro dropped the rope.
Pietro drove Melissa back to campus.
Pietro drove us back to the orchard.
Pietro drowned and died.
Pietro drowned to death.
Pietro edited the protocol.
Pietro emerged from a corner and screamed at us, causing us to scream as well.
Pietro ended up not telling Melissa.
Pietro ended up passing away.
Pietro entered into a large tunnel.
Pietro entered room 4.
Pietro entered the game.
Pietro entered the ventilation shaft.
Pietro entered the ventilation system.
Pietro established contact with Earth.
Pietro even brought a crowbar.
Pietro eventually came back.
Pietro eventually died.
Pietro eventually left.
Pietro explained that all that was part of his plan.
Pietro explained that he was a psychiatrist.
Pietro failed to convince the others.
Pietro fell into the abyss.
Pietro fell unconscious.
Pietro fetched his flashlight.
Pietro filled up the oxygen tank.
Pietro finally voted for Rima.
Pietro finally went back to the room and began to wind down.
Pietro fixed the communication system.
Pietro followed Rima’s advice.
Pietro forced Rima to choose someone to be killed.
Pietro found a strange man in the hallway.
Pietro found himself inside the station.
Pietro found that hard to believe.
Pietro found the dead body of woman.
Pietro gave Melissa five hours to clean the apartment.
Pietro gave Rima an ultimatum.
Pietro gave Rima permission to go through Walid’s medical records.
Pietro got back out there.
Pietro got infected.
Pietro got on top of Melissa.
Pietro got out of the way.
Pietro got really close to the alien.
Pietro got stuck in the costume room.
Pietro got to the other side.
Pietro got us so good.
Pietro grabbed Melissa's wrist and squeezed it tight.
Pietro grew up on a farm in Bejaia, Algeria.
Pietro had a slight smirk on his face.
Pietro had already lounged at Melissa.
Pietro had crooked teeth.
Pietro had long brown hair to his shoulders.
Pietro hardly ever returned there.
Pietro has a special purpose.
Pietro has access to safe and clean water.
Pietro has been a bit different ever since this happened to him.
Pietro has chosen Rima as the next person to be killed.
Pietro has no reason to hide anything from Rima.
Pietro has sustained serious injuries.
Pietro has to finish the maze by himself.
Pietro has to run away.
Pietro hasn’t been honest with Rima.
Pietro hasn’t found any of the spies yet.
Pietro heard Melissa's voice outside the window.
Pietro heard a plastic bag being slightly crumpled.
Pietro heard a second loud pop.
Pietro heard a siren.
Pietro heard a thump from upstairs.
Pietro heard footsteps approaching.
Pietro heard the floor boards creaking above his head.
Pietro held down the man.
Pietro hid under the leaves.
Pietro hopped the little fence.
Pietro identified the dead body.
Pietro immediately ran towards the girl.
Pietro immediately rushed there.
Pietro invited Melissa to stay at his house on Halloween night.
Pietro invited Rima for drinks.
Pietro is a high-ranking officer in the Algerian army.
Pietro is a middle-aged man.
Pietro is a renowned scientist.
Pietro is actually a civilian.
Pietro is another innocent civilian.
Pietro is keeping us in the dark.
Pietro is not his real name. It's just his nickname.
Pietro is the creator of the game.
Pietro is the head of security.
Pietro is the one who killed Walid to avenge Rima’s death.
Pietro is the real spy.
Pietro is the spy.
Pietro isn't a coffee person.
Pietro isn't going on a cruise again.
Pietro isn't gonna sleep any time soon.
Pietro jumped and looked at the window.
Pietro jumped in front of Melissa's truck.
Pietro jumped off.
Pietro just stood there for like five minutes.
Pietro just went to sleep.
Pietro kept the car moving for as long as possible.
Pietro killed Rima and turned her into dust.
Pietro killed Rima for his own vengeance.
Pietro killed a civilian.
Pietro kindly denied Melissa's chocolate.
Pietro knew for a fact that Melissa wasn't wearing boots.
Pietro knew for sure he had shut the door when he left.
Pietro knew it was a prank.
Pietro knows about Rima’s sister.
Pietro knows who the spies are.
Pietro laughed quietly.
Pietro leant to say hello.
Pietro learnt about the situation.
Pietro led the way up the stairs.
Pietro left Melissa there.
Pietro left four billion dinars for his wife.
Pietro left something in Melissa's room.
Pietro left the back door unlocked.
Pietro left the paper under his windshield wiper.
Pietro let Rima access the data storage of the station.
Pietro let out the most blood-curdling scream you have ever heard.
Pietro lived in a small dishevelled house.
Pietro lived in the dead-end.
Pietro lives in a more rural part of the area.
Pietro lives on a short dead-end street.
Pietro located the samples.
Pietro looked away and pretended not to notice Melissa.
Pietro looked down the staircase.
Pietro looked into the house from the doorway.
Pietro looked like he wanted to hurt Melissa.
Pietro looked through all the windows of the car for anybody, but the vehicle was empty.
Pietro looked very suspicious.
Pietro lost all of his friends.
Pietro lost consciousness due to lack of oxygen.
Pietro lost his apple bag.
Pietro lost his life in an accident four years ago.
Pietro lost his life in an accident.
Pietro lost the ability to dance.
Pietro luckily managed to turn around and escape.
Pietro made it back into the truck.
Pietro maintained permanent contact with mission control.
Pietro managed to injure the shark.
Pietro managed to kill one of his opponents.
Pietro managed to retrieve the samples.
Pietro managed to save his men.
Pietro messed with the electric box outside.
Pietro met Melissa at a party.
Pietro monitored Rima’s movements from his computer.
Pietro must quarantine Rima’s body.
Pietro needs to go outside.
Pietro needs to go towards the plane.
Pietro never called back.
Pietro never seemed to come outside.
Pietro never went near that mansion again.
Pietro objects to homosexuality religiously.
Pietro opened the door to flee the room.
Pietro opened the door, expecting some kids. Instead, there was that homeless guy standing on his porch.
Pietro ordered a full inspection of the station.
Pietro ordered everyone to return to the command center.
Pietro ordered everyone to stick to the plan.
Pietro paid to enter.
Pietro parked his car outside of the property.
Pietro passed a decrepit barn-like house.
Pietro passed an apple orchard.
Pietro passed the first room.
Pietro performed an autopsy on Rima’s body.
Pietro picked up some apples and berries.
Pietro planned on finishing the drive that night.
Pietro prepared to look for Rima.
Pietro prepared to send Rima there.
Pietro pulled Melissa away.
Pietro pulled away from Melissa.
Pietro pulled out a knife and started screaming at Melissa.
Pietro pulled over to the side of the road.
Pietro pulled up and stopped the car.
Pietro punched a hole in the cardboard wall.
Pietro pushed Melissa all the way back to the truck.
Pietro pushed Melissa to the floor.
Pietro pushed Melissa's hand away.
Pietro pushed the door open completely.
Pietro pushed the window up further.
Pietro put down the box he was holding.
Pietro put on his hazmat suit.
Pietro put the car back in drive and hit the gas.
Pietro put the car in reverse.
Pietro quickly disappeared.
Pietro quickly shut the door.
Pietro raked up the leaves into a giant pile.
Pietro ran face-to-face with a murderer.
Pietro ran immediately.
Pietro ran towards the entrance of the park.
Pietro ran towards the monster.
Pietro ran upstairs to Melissa's room.
Pietro ran upstairs to the front door.
Pietro reached his destination.
Pietro realized his cover was blown.
Pietro realized that he was standing on nothing but ice.
Pietro realized that he wasn’t going to make it on land.
Pietro reclaimed his innocence.
Pietro refused to believe that Rima and Walid were conspiring together.
Pietro regained consciousness.
Pietro rejoined Rima to collect more samples.
Pietro removed the lid.
Pietro repaired the fridge.
Pietro returned to the command center, too.
Pietro returned to the infirmary.
Pietro revived from a coma.
Pietro said Rima and Walid had a history.
Pietro said the man was gone.
Pietro said the patient wasn’t dead.
Pietro sat around for an hour, nervous and on high alert.
Pietro sat beside Rima.
Pietro sat on a rock to catch his breath.
Pietro sat on the bed.
Pietro saw Melissa standing over his bed in the middle of the night.
Pietro saw Melissa's smiling face looking up at him.
Pietro saw a car parked in the middle of the road, seemingly deliberately to block the traffic.
Pietro saw a woman standing there.
Pietro saw an accident happen in front of his eyes.
Pietro saw half Melissa's face.
Pietro saw the expression of his mother’s face.
Pietro scolded Melissa for not calling the cops.
Pietro searched the space station for samples.
Pietro seemed more confused than ever before.
Pietro seemed to be happy with the result.
Pietro seemed to know something that the others didn’t.
Pietro sent Melissa a picture through text.
Pietro sent Melissa to his room to clean.
Pietro sent a maid up to Melissa's room to clean.
Pietro sent up five security workers.
Pietro shot the monster with an experimental weapon that evaporated its skin.
Pietro should never go anywhere near that orchard.
Pietro showed Rima a blood sample.
Pietro shut the basement door.
Pietro shut the window and drove away.
Pietro slammed the door shut in Melissa's face and locked it.
Pietro slowed his pace.
Pietro spent most of his time hanging out with his brother.
Pietro spotted Melissa again.
Pietro squeezed on through to the next row.
Pietro started raking the leaves over into a giant pile.
Pietro started screaming, making the situation worse.
Pietro started shaking violently.
Pietro started to build a pile of leaves.
Pietro started to run back towards the path.
Pietro started work at five.
Pietro stayed up late like any teenager does on a Friday evening.
Pietro stepped fully inside the room.
Pietro stepped into the woods.
Pietro stole the sample.
Pietro stopped himself.
Pietro stopped the show.
Pietro suffocated.
Pietro swam away.
Pietro swam to the island.
Pietro takes Halloween seriously.
Pietro tampered with the electric box.
Pietro texted Melissa to call the cops.
Pietro texted his family again.
Pietro thinks that Walid is a bully.
Pietro threw himself at Melissa's car and started hitting it with his fists.
Pietro told Melissa about the guy who was chasing him and attacking him in the park.
Pietro told Rima that she made a mistake.
Pietro told everyone to vote for Rima.
Pietro told the audiences that the game was over.
Pietro took Melissa's child.
Pietro took Rima away to Walid.
Pietro took a five minute breather.
Pietro took off his life support.
Pietro took photos of his surroundings.
Pietro tossed an apple at Melissa.
Pietro touched the corpse.
Pietro treated the situation as though his life were in danger.
Pietro tried finding Melissa, then he gave up.
Pietro tried his best to save Rima.
Pietro tried pulling Melissa into the crops.
Pietro tried to climb into the window.
Pietro tried to establish communication with mission control.
Pietro tried to find what smelt so bad.
Pietro tried to rape Melissa in a public building.
Pietro tried to retrieve the samples.
Pietro tried to stop Rima’s condition from worsening.
Pietro tried to take his own life.
Pietro turned down the mission.
Pietro underwent more procedures.
Pietro unloaded truck shipments.
Pietro volunteered to do the job.
Pietro voted for Rima.
Pietro walked around the property.
Pietro walked backwards.
Pietro walked down the dirt path.
Pietro walked into a dark room.
Pietro walked over to Melissa to expose her face.
Pietro walked over to the booth.
Pietro walked up the stairs and shut the door.
Pietro wanted to find out the truth about his sister’s death.
Pietro wanted to get Melissa to just leave him alone.
Pietro wanted to get back his life.
Pietro wanted to get to Walid's wife.
Pietro wanted to get to the bottom of the truth.
Pietro wanted to prove that to Melissa.
Pietro wanted to save mankind.
Pietro wants Rima to understand everything.
Pietro wants bad things for Melissa.
Pietro was a creepy methhead.
Pietro was a mercenary.
Pietro was a methhead.
Pietro was a new graduate.
Pietro was a paid actor.
Pietro was a survivor.
Pietro was able to go home to his family.
Pietro was able to reach Rima.
Pietro was able to retaliate.
Pietro was able to survive alongside the cab driver.
Pietro was about forty minutes away.
Pietro was already too late.
Pietro was already waiting by the truck.
Pietro was also responsible for destroying Rima’s life.
Pietro was at a station on the Moon.
Pietro was at the command center.
Pietro was at the infirmary.
Pietro was attacked by some unknown entity.
Pietro was awake, confused.
Pietro was away at college.
Pietro was being followed.
Pietro was blocking the path.
Pietro was breathing very heavily.
Pietro was briefed about the mission.
Pietro was brought before the alien leader.
Pietro was chasing Melissa's chasers.
Pietro was cleaning aisles and stocking shelves.
Pietro was close to the island.
Pietro was confused.
Pietro was doing sightseeing.
Pietro was executed despite his innocence.
Pietro was familiar with the internal structure of the facility.
Pietro was feeling really uncomfortable.
Pietro was forced to reveal his true identity.
Pietro was getting homework done.
Pietro was going to Algeria and Tunisia.
Pietro was going to warn the cops.
Pietro was gone for real.
Pietro was half-hidden by an apple tree.
Pietro was hiding all by himself.
Pietro was hiding in the bushes.
Pietro was hiding underneath the pile of leaves.
Pietro was home alone on Halloween night.
Pietro was impressed by Rima’s bravery.
Pietro was in Melissa's apple orchard.
Pietro was in a Halloween costume, too.
Pietro was in a maid uniform, standing outside.
Pietro was in a neighboring room.
Pietro was in his bed.
Pietro was incompetent.
Pietro was inside the building.
Pietro was inside the house that night.
Pietro was just a civilian.
Pietro was just happy to be alive.
Pietro was killed in front of everyone.
Pietro was left to provide for the trick-and-treaters.
Pietro was left with no choice.
Pietro was living in a dishevelled house.
Pietro was looking to hurt someone.
Pietro was making eye contact with Walid's wife.
Pietro was not impressed by Rima’s choice.
Pietro was on an enclosed property that had been abandoned for years.
Pietro was on the top of a hill.
Pietro was on vacation with his now wife.
Pietro was pleased with Rima’s answers.
Pietro was put into a prison cell.
Pietro was questioned when the police arrived.
Pietro was quickly ambushed by the enemies.
Pietro was quite shaken up by that.
Pietro was raking up the leaves on his property.
Pietro was sent to a research station on the Moon.
Pietro was sent to prison right away.
Pietro was sent to retrieve the samples.
Pietro was sent to the warehouse.
Pietro was severely demoralized by the recent events.
Pietro was shocked to see Rima becoming old very quickly.
Pietro was sitting across the room.
Pietro was sitting by the bar.
Pietro was sitting by the wall.
Pietro was standing in the dark.
Pietro was staring intently at Melissa's daughter.
Pietro was staying with us in our room.
Pietro was still messing with Melissa.
Pietro was still working.
Pietro was sure he was dead.
Pietro was surprised to see that Rima was still living.
Pietro was taken into the room.
Pietro was talking to Melissa about the register.
Pietro was the copilot.
Pietro was the one driving that night.
Pietro was very happy.
Pietro was wearing dirty boots.
Pietro wasn't being followed.
Pietro wasn't chasing Melissa anymore.
Pietro wasn't supposed to pick apples on Melissa's property.
Pietro wasn't sure who was wearing that Halloween costume.
Pietro wasn’t happy with the last minute change.
Pietro watched Melissa walking to the bathroom.
Pietro watched in curiosity.
Pietro watched in sadness.
Pietro went apple-picking on Melissa's property.
Pietro went apple-picking.
Pietro went back outside.
Pietro went down that road.
Pietro went inside after getting tired.
Pietro went outside to check.
Pietro went straight to the costume room.
Pietro went through the entire suite and found nothing.
Pietro went to a local haunted house attraction.
Pietro went to find an employee.
Pietro went to one of the restaurants.
Pietro went to open the door.
Pietro went to the storage unit.
Pietro went upstairs to finish his homework.
Pietro went upstairs to play video games.
Pietro will eventually lose.
Pietro woke up in an airplane.
Pietro woke up to darkness.
Pietro wondered how that was possible.
Pietro yanked himself out from John's grip.
Pietro yelled back: "I'm reporting you!"
Pietro yelled out what was going on.
Pietro's Berber has improved since he joined Melissa's association.
Pietro's back tires were shot at.
Pietro's basement was really big.
Pietro's cat is eating.
Pietro's hotel was walking distance from the beach.
Pietro's light was facing Melissa.
Pietro's neighborhood is the perfect place to go trick-or-treating.
Pietro's orchard had thick apple trees.
Pietro's orchard looked almost abandoned.
Pietro's phone started ringing and he silenced it.
Pietro's room smelt very bad.
Pietro's room still smelt very bad.
Pietro's shift starts usually at five.
Pietro's truck was sticking out of the crops on the side of the road.
Pietro's two back tires were blown.
Pietro's wife was pregnant and he drove as smoothly as possible.
Pietro’s body convulsed.
Pietro’s death was caused by a radiation leak.
Pietro’s first experiment was a success.
Pietro’s laboratory is strictly off limits.
Pietro’s men surrounded the enemy.
Pietro’s spacecraft fell off the cliff.
Piety is the beginning of wisdom.
Piety is the child of ignorance.
Pigeon racing is a sport that dates back almost 2,000 years.
Pigeons and hens are birds.
Pigeons are very bothersome birds in cities.
Pigeons aren't rats with wings.
Pigeons as well as tourists flock to St Mark's Square every day.
Pigeons can find their way home with the help of the Earth's magnetic field.
Pigeons can find their way home with the help of the Earth’s magnetic field.
Pigeons can use the terrestrial magnetic field to find their way home.
Pigeons flock to St Mark's Square every day.
Pigeons have become adapted to urban life.
Pigeons may be able to detect gravity anomalies.
Pigeons stay with the same partner for life.
Pigeons, if trained, can differentiate paintings of Picasso from those of Monet.
Piggy banks are usually shaped like pigs, but mine's shaped like a kangaroo. I still don't know why.
Piglet, bring the shotgun.
Pigs and migratory birds pose a special danger because they are so-called "amplifying hosts"—they store the virus in large amounts in their systems without getting sick.
Pigs are adorable.
Pigs are adorable. I want one.
Pigs are anathema to Jews and Muslims.
Pigs are even-toed ungulates.
Pigs are for hugging, not for eating.
Pigs are intelligent animals.
Pigs are killed in the slaughterhouse.
Pigs are smarter than dogs and cats.
Pigs are very intelligent animals.
Pigs are very intelligent.
Pigs are very smart.
Pigs bathe in mud to keep cool.
Pigs bathe in mud to stay cool.
Pigs can't fly.
Pigs cannot run nations.
Pigs don't deserve to be associated with cops.
Pigs eat slop.
Pigs grunt.
Pigs had taken over the garden and destroyed it.
Pigs have a highly developed sense of smell.
Pigs have adorable noses.
Pigs have curly tails.
Pigs oink.
Pigs share certain characteristics with human beings.
Pigs should not run the ship.
Pigs smell bad but they can smell really well.
Pigs smell bad, but they have a very good sense of smell.
Pikachu is a Pokémon.
Pikachu is an electric-type Pokemon.
Pike and perch are carnivores.
Pikes are predatory fish.
Pilar grew up with a secular and antifascist education.
Pilate asked what the truth was, but Jesus did not answer.
Pilates really works my core!
Pilewort exhibits great phenotypic plasticity, its size and growth habit varying wildly on different sites.
Pillow talk is important.
Pilot Tom Jackson took over.
Pilot whales are highly social.
Pilot whales can grow up to seven meters long and weight three tons.
Pilot whales — actually a large species of dolphin that can grow up to six meters long and weigh a ton — are highly social.
Pilots communicate with airport services by radio.
Pilots communicate with the airport by radio.
Pilots must be well-trained in English.
Pilots must establish two-way communication with the control tower before entering class D airspace.
Pilots of light aircraft are three times more likely to have an accident flying at night than during the day.
Pimples have broken out on me.
Pin back your ears.
Pin the flower on your lapel.
Pin your ears back.
Pinch a little.
Pinch me! Am I dreaming?
Pinching is my favorite part of Saint Patrick's Day.
Pinching the back of your shoulder should help you to cure hiccups.
Pindar, the greatest lyricist of the Greeks, wrote about athletic contests; athletes were his heroes.
Pindorama, which means "land of parrots" in the Tupi language, was the first name for Brazil.
Pine furniture is not very popular at the moment.
Pine is a resinous wood.
Pine nuts come from pine cones.
Pine trees are a type of conifer.
Pine trees are evergreen conifers with needle-like leaves.
Pine trees can grow up to thirty meters tall.
Pineapple doesn't belong on pizza!
Pineapple is perfect on pizza, especially with blue cheese.
Pineapple is rich in citric acid.
Pineapple is sweet.
Pineapple juice, please.
Pineapple production in Minas Gerais grew a lot.
Pineapple tastes good.
Pineapple's great, but it sucks on pizza.
Pineapples are no good. When I eat them, the inside of my mouth gets itchy.
Pineapples contain an enzyme denominated bromelain that decomposes some proteins.
Pineapples make my mouth hurt.
Pineberries are more tangy than strawberries.
Ping has a cheap iPhone rip-off.
Ping me once in a while.
Ping pong is also called table tennis.
Ping-Pong is also called table tennis.
Pink Moon was Nick Drake's final album.
Pink and purple are shades of one another.
Pink and rose are similar colors.
Pink dolphins are in the rivers of the Amazon.
Pink from the sun, unshowered and barefoot, the 17 teenage girls scarfed down fried chicken sandwiches after seven days at sea.
Pink is a cute colour, isn't it?
Pink is a pretty color.
Pink is an unnatural hair color.
Pink is for girls.
Pink is her favorite color.
Pink is not a natural hair color.
Pink is not just for girls.
Pink is not my color.
Pink isn't just for girls.
Pink milk, pink milk!
Pink roses are beautiful.
Pink vines in bloom cover the walls of the old building.
Pinocchio always lies. Pinocchio says "All my hats are green." What can you conclude?
Pinocchio closed his eyes and pretended to be asleep.
Pinocchio had a long nose.
Pinocchio has a longer nose than I do.
Pinocchio hid his face under the sheets.
Pinocchio ran to look at himself in a bowl of water, and he felt so happy that he said proudly: "Now I look like a gentleman."
Pinocchio says: "Now my nose will grow."
Pinocchio tried his best to get there, but he couldn't.
Pinocchio turned and saw a large cricket crawling slowly up the wall.
Pinocchio understood that the boys had played a trick on him.
Pinocchio understood the answer and, unable to restrain his tears, he jumped on his father's neck and kissed him over and over.
Pinocchio walks about the town.
Pinocchio was beside himself with joy.
Pinocchio was greatly afraid of thunder and lightning, but the hunger he felt was far greater than his fear.
Pinocchio was made of very hard wood and the knives broke into a thousand pieces.
Pinocchio's legs were so stiff that he could not move them.
Pinocchio's nose is longer than mine.
Pinocchio's only fault was that he had too many friends. Among these were many well-known rascals, who cared not a jot for study or for success.
Pinocchio's statement reads as follows: "My sentences don't need a native check because they're all correct."
Pinocchio, although alone, defended himself bravely.
Pinocchio, apologize for that, or look out!
Pinocchio, you wicked boy!
Pinochet applied a military dictatorship.
Pinochet remains in hospital due to heart problems.
Pinochet was an absolute monster.
Pinochet was still sound of mind.
Pinochet's economic policies were neoliberal.
Pioneer 10 crossed Pluto's orbit in 1983.
Pioneer 10 returned the first close-up pictures of Jupiter, measured the temperature of Jupiter's atmosphere, and mapped its magnetic field.
Pioneer 10 was the first spacecraft to penetrate the asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter and travel to the outer regions of the solar system.
Pioneer 11 flew past Saturn and its moon Titan in 1979 during which the first close-up images of that planet and its rings were radioed to Earth.
Pioneer men and women had a hard life, and so did their children.
Pioneer men and women had an arduous life, and their children, too.
Pioneer settlers relied on flint for fire in the wilderness.
Pioneering space observatories like Webb only come to fruition when dedicated individuals work together to surmount the challenge of building something that has never been done before.
Piotr has black hair but Lech has blond hair.
Piotr is interested in soccer.
Pipe cleaners are used for cleaning pipes.
Pipe down!
Pipe down, otherwise you will be hauled out.
Pipe down.
Pipe fitters design and assemble pipe systems.
Piper filed a bill to enjoin Brown from infringing two patents.
Piper moved her hand back and forth across her neck, in a sawing motion.
Pipes run under the floor.
Piracy is a problem worldwide.
Piracy isn't killing music.
Piranhas are big, voracious fish with sharp teeth.
Pirates are cruel.
Pirates attacked a British-flagged oil tanker off the coast of Yemen.
Pirates attacked the ship and took the treasure inside.
Pirates laugh in the face of danger.
Pirates love adventures.
Pirates made unarmed merchant ships prey.
Pirates never drink water.
Pirates once appeared frequently in this area of the sea.
Pirates preyed upon unarmed merchant ships.
Pirates, buccaneers and privateers are not synonyms.
Piroska had an argument with Eva before she left.
Piroska has now sold his last apple too.
Pisces V is a three-person submersible that can operate at depths up to 6,500 feet. This vehicle allows scientists to observe the deep sea under tremendous ocean pressure.
Pisces men will always have my heart.
Pisoni says since they don't know who wins, they have to engrave a bronze plate with all the nominees' names.
Piss and love.
Piss off!
Piss off.
Pitbulls often get this connotation of being the dangerous dogs.
Pitch a fast ball.
Pitch the ball to me.
Pitch the ball.
Pitch the newspaper onto the porch.
Pitching camp on sand banks that go under at high tide is a truly stupid thing to do.
Pitching can be fun.
Pitching isn't easy.
Pitching tents wasn't exactly one of Matthew's favorite things to do.
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania is a historically important city for metallurgy.
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania was once known as an industrial city where the skies were blackened with emissions from the steel mills that drove the local economy. But when world leaders gather there September 24 and 25 for their economic summit, they will find a city that has moved to the fore in environmental and energy saving technology.
Pity I didn't wait for your reply before I added the sentences.
Pity has its roots in love.
Pity he hasn't got a sense of humour.
Pity he's got no sense of humour.
Pity he's left.
Pity is akin to love.
Pity it's not like that.
Pity that it's not like that.
Pity there's no fig biscuits in the refectory.
Pity those who do not know empathy.
Pity was suddenly stirring in her heart for the child.
Pity you can't come.
Pizarro didn't kill Inca Emperor Atahualpa. It was a rope that did it.
Pizza and beer aren't a bad combination.
Pizza and beer go together well.
Pizza for breakfast would be good.
Pizza goes with everything.
Pizza is a pie chart showing how much of it is left.
Pizza is a pie chart that updates in real time showing how much pizza you have left.
Pizza is good.
Pizza is my favorite food so I can eat it everyday.
Pizza is my favorite food.
Pizza is my favourite food.
Pizza is on its way.
Pizza is on the way.
Pizza is the children's favourite meal.
Pizza is the kid's favorite meal.
Pizza is the kids' favourite meal.
Pizza is the kid’s favorite meal.
Pizza is the kind of food that fits into today's life style.
Pizza is the kind of food that fits into today’s life style.
Pizza needs to be cooked in a hot oven.
Pizza or sushi?
Pizza tastes different when it's cold.
Pizza, please.
Pizza, though considered an Italian food, is made with multiple ingredients originating from the Americas.
Place a charge on the door to blow it up.
Place a coin in the palm of his hand.
Place a few oysters at one time in a wire frying basket and immerse in smoking hot fat.
Place dirty napkins and disposables in the trash bin.
Place in the World fades away.
Place it there.
Place it up against the wall.
Place it wherever you like.
Place small piece of potato skin inside the bottom of each larger potato shell. Fill each potato with an equal amount of cheese mixture. Gently press the surface of the filling with a fork to create texture. Brush tops with melted butter and sprinkle with paprika.
Place some torches so that mobs don't spawn.
Place the book on the table.
Place the books on the table.
Place the boxes one on top of the other, please.
Place the bread and butter plate above the fork.
Place the bundle on the donkey.
Place the clean dishes in the dish rack to air dry.
Place the deck of cards on the oaken table.
Place the flour, butter and salt into a large clean bowl.
Place the fork on the left side of the plate, and the knife on the right side.
Place the ladder against the wall.
Place the old newspapers in a box and put it away immediately.
Place the pan in the oven.
Place the spoon to the right of the knife.
Place the stuffed peppers into a baking dish.
Place the words in the appropriate order to make sentences.
Place them on the baking sheet, then glaze them with egg yolk.
Place this book back where it was.
Place this merchandise slip into the time stamp, and the date and time will be impressed.
Place this questionnaire in postage paid envelope.
Place your bags on the ground.
Place your bets now.
Place your bets!
Place your bets, please.
Place your bets.
Place your luggage on the ground.
Place your phone face down on the table.
Place your skis in an inverted V.
Place your trust in me.
Placed on the lips, the hornet’s venom produces no more effect than clear water; but if there is the slightest scratch the pain is atrocious. The viper’s venom is equally harmless as long as it does not mingle with the blood. Courageous experimenters have tasted, swallowed it, and yet afterward were no worse off than before.
Places like Disneyland may not be especially interesting to me, but I might like to go sometime.
Places of worship are closed until further notice.
Placing a restriction on the number of example sentences non-native English speakers can provide undermines their intelligence.
Placing a restriction on the number of example sentences that non-native speakers can offer in English is an affront to their intelligence and the significant efforts they make to contribute to this collaborative project.
Placing the stress on the first syllable of a word has distinct advantages, namely that it makes it clear where boundaries between words are within a sentence when someone is speaking Toki Pona out loud. You can easily tell when a new word starts, because its first syllable is emphasized.
Plagiarism in America is strictly punished.
Plagiarism is a serious transgression of academic ethics.
Plague doctors treated victims of the bubonic plague.
Plague doctors wore beaked masks filled with aromatic items, such as herbs, straw and spices.
Plague doctors wore beaked masks.
Plague, bilharziasis and cholera are very common in Algeria.
Plagued by ill health, Frédéric Chopin performed on the piano for audiences only thirty times during his lifetime.
Plain English is a shortcut to the goal of language learning.
Plain white paper will do.
Plain-speaking is not my forte.
Plan B is that we wait.
Plan B seems to be better than Plan A.
Plan for the future because that's where you are going to spend the rest of your life.
Plan for the future because that’s where you are going to spend the rest of your life.
Plan for the scenario where things don't work out.
Plan on it.
Plan on that.
Plan your life accordingly.
Plan your moves carefully.
Plan your work before you start it.
Planes are expensive.
Planes can be diverted.
Planes dropped bombs on the city.
Planes fly over my house every day.
Planes land at airports.
Planes land at the airport.
Planes take off and land every minute.
Planet Earth is a wonder of the solar system, meanwhile we are the virus that is destroying it.
Planet Earth, a film with John Saxon, is about a post-apocalyptic future.
Planet Mars is right next door.
Planets are easy to identify because they don't twinkle like stars do.
Planets are easy to identify because they don’t twinkle like stars do.
Planets beyond our solar system are being discovered at an astonishing rate.
Planets don't emit light by themselves.
Planets don't twinkle.
Planets move around a fixed star.
Planets orbit the Sun.
Planets orbit the sun.
Planets that could support life are often referred to as 'habitable' or 'Earth-like.'
Planning a trip can be difficult.
Planning experts and local officials say suburban sprawl has negative impacts on the environment, puts a heavier burden on local services, isolates people, and excludes lower income households and households with people of color from certain communities through economic means.
Planning experts and local officials say suburban sprawl has negative impacts on the environment.
Planning for a trip is more complicated than I thought.
Planning is important.
Planning is key.
Planning permission required us to move the hedge back from the road, so we cut it down and planted quicksets a few metres away.
Planning the wedding before proposing is putting the cart before the horse.
Plans and dates have yet to be determined.
Plans are being drawn up to build a power station here.
Plans are made to be changed.
Plans are meant to be changed.
Plans are still pending.
Plans are under way to build a new city hospital.
Plans are worthless, but planning is everything.
Plans for a new trade zone are still on the drawing board.
Plans have not been finalized.
Plans haven't been finalized.
Plans haven't yet been finalized.
Plans sometimes change quickly.
Plans to send humans to Mars had been indefinitely delayed.
Plans with you often end in chaos.
Plant a tree or die hanging from one.
Plant a tree over here.
Plant a tree there.
Plant a tree.
Plant growth and productivity react sharply to a complex combination of temperature and moisture.
Plant in parallel rows, leaving a 20-centimetre gap between each row.
Plant native plants.
Plant physiologist Christina Walters is proud of her work at the National Center for Genetic Resources Preservation, where she studies ways to extend the longevity of the Center's massive seed collections. She leads me down long, echoey hallways to the heart of the seed storage lab. I'm soon to discover, it's a frigid heart.
Plant pigments such as the carotenoids and chlorophylls will react similarly when exposed to light of high intensity.
Plant species pollinated by bees and flies have sweet scents and those pollinated by beetles have strong musty, spicy, or fruity odors.
Plant the crab tree where you will, it will never bear pippins.
Plant the lettuce over there.
Plant the marigolds near the roses.
Plant the potatoes which give the best yield.
Plant these seeds before summer sets in.
Plant trees in your backyard.
Plant trees in your garden.
Plant trees to protect the woodlands of Algeria.
Plant trees!
Planters plant plants.
Planting forests is good for the environment.
Planting trees at this age!
Plants absorb water from the earth.
Plants absorb water from the soil.
Plants also help each other through their root systems. For example, scientists say the roots of the marigold flower reduce harmful nematode populations in the soil. Nematodes are tiny worms. There are more than ten-thousand different kinds of nematodes. And some of them feed on corn.
Plants and animals require more sunshine than is generally supposed.
Plants are formed with cultivation, humans with education.
Plants are living things.
Plants are nourished by earth.
Plants are thirsty.
Plants breathe through their stomata.
Plants breathe, too.
Plants can destroy buildings in a matter of few years.
Plants can react to sounds. University of Missouri chemical ecologists Heidi Appel and Jack Schultz recorded the subtle chewing noises of a caterpillar eating a plant. Being eaten stimulated the plant’s defenses. But when the sounds were played to another plant that was not being eaten, they triggered a defensive response.
Plants can't grow without air.
Plants can't grow without water.
Plants die without water.
Plants do not have a brain.
Plants don't grow in this soil.
Plants don't have a soul.
Plants don’t grow in this soil.
Plants drink water from the earth.
Plants evolved from green algae.
Plants give off oxygen as they make food.
Plants grow in the sunshine.
Plants grow quickly after rain.
Plants grow towards sunlight.
Plants grow towards the sun.
Plants grow.
Plants have DNA, just like people.
Plants have an ability, for example, to signal distress, caused by anything from temperature extremes to an insect attack. Schultz said when a plant senses that it's being eaten, it releases a chemical vapor that alerts other plants nearby.
Plants have no blood, but they do still have a vascular system, which transports water, nutrients, and other substances around their bodies.
Plants hung from the ceiling.
Plants in the environment help slow down the process of erosion.
Plants make people happier.
Plants make us happy.
Plants need a lot of water.
Plants need sunlight to grow.
Plants need sunshine and water.
Plants need to be in a well-lit place to undergo photosynthesis.
Plants need warmth and light in order to grow.
Plants need water and sunlight.
Plants produce toxins to defend themselves from predators.
Plants release toxins in their leaves when they sense a caterpillar attack.
Plants rely on photosynthesis to convert light into energy.
Plants remove carbon from the atmosphere.
Plants require CO2 to grow.
Plants require CO₂ to grow.
Plants require carbon dioxide to grow.
Plants take in water from the soil.
Plants that lack water will die.
Plants use chlorophyll to produce energy.
Plants use insects to transport pollen to other plants.
Plants' source of nutrients is the soil, and the most nutrient rich soil is detritus, a stew of decaying organic matter from a variety of sources.
Plasma TVs used to be very expensive, but now they're much cheaper.
Plasma is the fourth state of matter.
Plasmas behave unlike anything we experience on a regular basis on Earth because they conduct electricity and travel with their own set of magnetic fields entrapped in the material.
Plastic and glass bottles can be reused.
Plastic and glass containers can be reused.
Plastic bags are bad for the environment.
Plastic bags blemish rural and urban scenery, damage ground water and soils, and choke livestock and fish, entangle birds and threaten animals in general.
Plastic bottles and glass bottles must be put into the correct container.
Plastic bottles are compressible and recyclable.
Plastic boxes last longer.
Plastic chairs are not very firm.
Plastic comprises over eighty percent of all the rubbish that ends up in the ocean.
Plastic crumbles at some point.
Plastic debris can come in all shapes and sizes, but those that are less than five millimeters in length (or about the size of a sesame seed) are called “microplastics.”
Plastic does not break easily.
Plastic does not burn easily.
Plastic eventually crumbles.
Plastic grocery bags have been banned.
Plastic in landfills lasts for hundreds of years.
Plastic is the most prevalent type of marine debris found in our ocean and Great Lakes.
Plastic is the most prevalent type of marine debris.
Plastic kills countless seabirds and sea turtles each year.
Plastic pollutes nature.
Plastic seems to fascinate cats.
Plastic surgery alone will not make you any less ugly.
Plastic was everywhere.
Plastics are a real danger to the environment.
Plastics have taken the place of many conventional materials.
Plastics remain in the ecosystem for a long time and not only contain chemicals, but also adsorb other contaminants and accumulate them.
Plate tectonics is the area of science that explains why the Earth’s surface moves, and how those changes cause earthquakes and volcanic activity.
Platform 3: doors closing. Please stand clear.
Platinum is a chemical element with the symbol Pt.
Plato and Aristotle rejected the ideas of Democritus and Leucippus.
Plato believed that the soul was immortal.
Plato dies, which follows logically because he is human.
Plato founded his Academy several years after the death of Socrates.
Plato founded his academy a few years after Socrates' death.
Plato having defined man to be a two-legged animal without feathers, Diogenes plucked a cock and brought it into the Academy, and said, "This is Plato’s man." On which account this addition was made to the definition,â€”"With broad flat nails."
Plato having defined man to be a two-legged animal without feathers, Diogenes plucked a cock and brought it into the Academy, and said, "This is Plato’s man." On which account this addition was made to the definition,—"With broad flat nails."
Plato held that the soul is immortal.
Plato is a friend, but the truth is a greater friend.
Plato is my friend, but the truth is worth more to me.
Plato never said anything like that.
Plato thought that the universe was made up of triangles.
Plato was a pupil to Socrates.
Plato was drawing.
Plato was full of shit.
Plato's my friend, but truth I cherish even more.
Plato's teachings had a profound influence on Aristotle.
Platonic love is love from the neck up.
Plato’s my friend, but truth I cherish even more.
Platypuses are mammals.
Platypuses are oviparous mammals, which means that they lay eggs.
Platypuses are very shy animals.
Platypuses aren't the only mammals that lay eggs.
Platypuses live in the east of Austria.
Plausibility changes with different circumstances.
Play Chopin for me.
Play Freebird!
Play a card.
Play a dance tune so we can cheer up.
Play a happy song.
Play a random song.
Play a sad song for me.
Play a tune for me.
Play allows children to explore and learn about the world.
Play another song for us.
Play appears to be very common in the animal kingdom.
Play ball!
Play dead so you don't get killed!
Play fast, lose fast.
Play in a more relaxed manner.
Play is really the work of childhood.
Play is the only thing men take seriously, which is why the rules for games are older than all laws in the world.
Play it again, Sam.
Play it again.
Play it backwards!
Play it backwards.
Play it cool.
Play it safe when lifting to avoid injury.
Play it.
Play me a sad song.
Play me a tune.
Play me some Chopin.
Play nice with each other.
Play now.
Play on without me.
Play or study - the choice is yours.
Play out of doors on a fine day.
Play outside instead of watching TV.
Play soft music for the canary, it enjoys it.
Play some Chopin.
Play some fucking dance music!
Play stupid games, win stupid prizes.
Play that song again.
Play the Humppa!
Play the Quran.
Play the ball, not the man.
Play the game with integrity.
Play the game.
Play the hand you're dealt, and, in the end, you'll be a lot happier if you make a commitment to your company.
Play the hand you're dealt.
Play the jack of hearts.
Play the next episode, please.
Play the part of Hamlet.
Play the role of Hamlet.
Play the video again.
Play the video.
Play there.
Play this song.
Play together.
Play us a song.
Play us a tune.
Play where I can see you.
Play with him.
Play with me.
Play with the cat.
Play with the cats.
Play with the dog.
Play with the dogs.
Play with the dolls like a normal girl.
Play your card, Ziri.
Play your cards right and Tom might invite you to his party.
Play your songs for Tom.
Play!
Play-Doh apparently has a salty taste.
Play.
Players bluff in poker.
Players generally refer to assistant and head coach alike by the title "Coach."
Players must accept the rules of the game.
Players must adhere to the rules of the game.
Players using exploits are getting banned.
Players were limited in what they could and could not do to get and keep the ball.
Playground equipment is wrapped in crime scene tape to prevent its use as part of the effort to slow the spread of the coronavirus.
Playgrounds are empty.
Playing Russian roulette isn't really a good idea.
Playing WHAT THE CAR? with friends is a guaranteed laugh-out-loud experience.
Playing a computer game, Tom took Boston.
Playing badminton is a lot of fun.
Playing baseball helps Tom be more self-confident.
Playing baseball is a sport, and climbing mountains is a sport, too.
Playing baseball is an outlet for energy.
Playing baseball is fun.
Playing baseball is more fun watching it.
Playing basketball doesn't make you grow taller.
Playing basketball is fun.
Playing basketball won't make you taller.
Playing cards is a hobby.
Playing cards is a pastime.
Playing cards is a popular hobby.
Playing cards is a popular pastime.
Playing cards is fun.
Playing cards is interesting.
Playing cards is not in itself harmful.
Playing cards is very interesting.
Playing chess and reading a lot makes you smarter.
Playing chess gives me a lot of joy.
Playing chess is a lot of fun.
Playing chess requires a certain amount of skill.
Playing country-western music on guitar is real kid stuff to a true professional.
Playing cricket requires a bat and a ball.
Playing football is interesting.
Playing games all night is very harmful to your health.
Playing go is my favorite pastime.
Playing go is my only recreation.
Playing golf is a lot of fun.
Playing golf is great fun.
Playing in the street is dangerous.
Playing in the waves is fun.
Playing instruments fashioned from trash cans, water bottles and other items salvaged from the landfill conveys the group's message of reuse and recycle. The Texas-based band performs at fairs, rodeos, corporate events and, recently, at a conference of solid waste professionals in Washington.
Playing is healthy.
Playing music at this late hour? Think of the neighbours!
Playing music in clubs is a good way to meet people.
Playing music to me is like reading a book.
Playing music too loud can damage your ears.
Playing music with friends is fun.
Playing on the piano is his favorite thing to do.
Playing outside is a lot of fun.
Playing rugby, he got injured.
Playing soccer with his friends always brings a smile to William's face and is so much fun.
Playing solitaire relaxes me.
Playing someone else's harmonica is like using someone else's toothbrush.
Playing sports can bring you benefits that go far beyond the game itself.
Playing tennis is a lot of fun.
Playing tennis is easy for me.
Playing tennis is fun.
Playing tennis is good for your health.
Playing tennis is his hobby.
Playing tennis is my hobby.
Playing tennis is their hobby.
Playing tennis made me forget about my problems.
Playing tennis took my mind off things.
Playing the English horn isn't easy.
Playing the bassoon isn't easy.
Playing the guitar is easy.
Playing the guitar is fun.
Playing the harp isn't easy.
Playing the keyboard is like riding a bike, you cannot unlearn it.
Playing the oboe isn't easy.
Playing the piano is her favorite pastime.
Playing the piano is very simple: one only needs to press the right key at the right time.
Playing the piano isn't easy.
Playing the piano requires manual dexterity.
Playing the piano was torture for me.
Playing the violin requires much practice.
Playing video games isn't a personality.
Playing volleyball is a lot of fun.
Playing whist by the cabin lamps when it is storming outside is pleasant; walking the quarterdeck in the moonlight is pleasant; smoking in the breezy foretop is pleasant when one is not afraid to go up there; but these are all feeble and commonplace compared with the joy of seeing people suffering the miseries of seasickness.
Playing with Ziri is really fun.
Playing with another's confusion is a good tactic.
Playing with computers is unhealthy.
Playing with fire is dangerous.
Playing with fire leads to be burned.
Playing with friends is fun.
Playing with it again, are we?
Playing with other's feelings is wrong.
Playing, such as crumpling paper into a ball or tearing into pieces, helps develop children's creativity.
Playtime is over, Dan.
Plea rejected for Middletown man charged with shooting wife.
Pleasant morning, isn't it?
Please "like" my page on Facebook.
Please Ziri, don't touch me. "Why?" "It feels like incest."
Please accept it as a token of our friendship.
Please accept my apologies for what I said just now.
Please accept my apologies.
Please accept my apology.
Please accept my best regards, sir.
Please accept my condolences on the death of your father.
Please accept my condolences!
Please accept my condolences.
Please accept my heartfelt apology for what happened today.
Please accept my heartfelt apology.
Please accept my heartfelt thanks.
Please accept my humble apologies.
Please accept my humble gift.
Please accept my resignation. I don't want to belong to any club that will accept me as a member.
Please accept my sincere apologies for my impertinence.
Please accept my sincere apologies.
Please accept my sincere condolences!
Please accept my sincere condolences.
Please accept my sincere congratulations on your success today.
Please accept my sincerest apologies.
Please accept my sincerest condolences.
Please accept my sympathies.
Please accept our apologies for not filling your order sooner.
Please accept our apologies for the trouble this matter has caused you.
Please accept our apologies.
Please accept our condolences on the death of your father.
Please accept our condolences.
Please accept our heartfelt apologies.
Please accept our heartiest congratulations on the marriage of your son.
Please accept this as a keep-sake of my husband.
Please accept this gift as a token of friendship.
Please accept this gift for the celebration on your wedding.
Please accept this little gift.
Please accept this token of friendship.
Please accept what little comfort these words can give you.
Please accompany me.
Please act like adults.
Please act your age.
Please add Tom to the list.
Please add Tom's name to the list.
Please add a circle to one or the other.
Please add a comma after this word.
Please add a full stop at the end of your sentence.
Please add a new sentence.
Please add a period at the end of the sentence.
Please add a period at the end of your sentence.
Please add audio to this sentence.
Please add extra onions.
Please add furigana to the kanji.
Please add furigana to this book.
Please add it to my account.
Please add lemon flavor to the tea.
Please add me on Facebook.
Please add me to your WhatsApp group.
Please add more coffee.
Please add my name to the list.
Please add my name to your list.
Please add only sentences or short texts.
Please add pickles to order number five.
Please add sugar to the shopping list.
Please add the timecodes to the description.
Please add up the bill.
Please add up the numbers.
Please address me correctly.
Please address the chair!
Please address your mail clearly and correctly.
Please adjust the seat to fit you.
Please adjust the television picture.
Please adopt me.
Please adopt this cat.
Please adopt this puppy.
Please adopt this sentence!
Please advise Tom to tell the truth.
Please advise me of the cost.
Please advise me of the date for the next meeting.
Please advise me on what to do.
Please advise me what to do.
Please advise me whether I should do that or not.
Please advise me which subject I should choose.
Please advise us as to what topic you would like to add or delete by June 12.
Please advise us, if possible, of a company which has developed image processing software.
Please affix a passport-sized photograph to this form.
Please affix the address label here.
Please air the futon.
Please air the room.
Please air the zabuton.
Please alight at the next stop.
Please allow Tom to do his job.
Please allow me to ask you a few questions.
Please allow me to carry your bag.
Please allow me to escort you.
Please allow me to finish.
Please allow me to go.
Please allow me to introduce myself.
Please allow me to measure you.
Please allow me to say a few words on this occasion.
Please allow me to work.
Please allow me.
Please allow us to do the work.
Please also note that, we need to 1000 EUR GOP for this case.
Please also take a look at the video description.
Please always remember our love story that we built over time.
Please always wear a helmet.
Please answer all of the questions.
Please answer all the questions.
Please answer by telex.
Please answer either by nodding or shaking your head.
Please answer in Berber.
Please answer in French.
Please answer me by telegram.
Please answer me when I speak to you.
Please answer me.
Please answer my question.
Please answer my questions.
Please answer straight away.
Please answer that.
Please answer the door for me.
Please answer the door.
Please answer the phone.
Please answer the question again.
Please answer the question.
Please answer the telephone.
Please answer them.
Please answer this question again.
Please answer this question for me.
Please answer this question one more time.
Please answer us.
Please answer yes or no.
Please answer!
Please apply the sunscreen on my shoulders.
Please apply to the employment office regarding the job in question.
Please arrange the books on the shelves in chronological order.
Please arrive a bit later next time.
Please ask Mary what she'll do.
Please ask Tom and Mary what they'll do.
Please ask Tom if he can spare another few minutes.
Please ask Tom if he's going out tonight.
Please ask Tom if he's going to Australia.
Please ask Tom if he's going to Boston.
Please ask Tom if he's going to do that today.
Please ask Tom if he's going to help us do that.
Please ask Tom if he's planning to help us.
Please ask Tom not to shout.
Please ask Tom to be quiet.
Please ask Tom to call me back at his earliest convenience.
Please ask Tom to call me before 2:30.
Please ask Tom to call me.
Please ask Tom to come here and help us fill out these forms.
Please ask Tom to come inside.
Please ask Tom to do that.
Please ask Tom to leave and never come back here again.
Please ask Tom to leave.
Please ask Tom to show you how to do that.
Please ask Tom to sit over there.
Please ask Tom to stop crying.
Please ask Tom to stop doing that.
Please ask Tom to wait in his office.
Please ask Tom to wait.
Please ask Tom what he'll do.
Please ask Tom what we should do next.
Please ask Tom where he went.
Please ask Tom where to sit.
Please ask Tom where we should sit.
Please ask Tom why he's doing that.
Please ask at reception.
Please ask at the desk if you need more information.
Please ask at the information desk.
Please ask at the kiosk.
Please ask at the shop.
Please ask her not to shout.
Please ask her to call me.
Please ask her to send me some money.
Please ask him not to shout.
Please ask him to call me.
Please ask me any time you have a question.
Please ask me anything.
Please ask me before you borrow my clothes.
Please ask only one question at a time.
Please ask someone else.
Please ask the person at the door to wait.
Please ask the secretary to stock the office supplies in the storage room.
Please ask them not to shout.
Please ask them to leave.
Please ask them to stop filming.
Please ask to see if it's OK if we do that.
Please ask to see if it's OK to do that.
Please ask whether they have this book at the library.
Please ask whoever is at the door to wait.
Please ask your question.
Please at least give it a thought.
Please at least think about it.
Please attach a certificate of quality.
Please attend my birthday party.
Please attend the meeting in the second floor conference room at 2:30 p.m.
Please avoid drinking water from taps.
Please avoid informal language in academic writing.
Please avoid putting your passport in your suitcase.
Please avoid storing in areas with high temperature and humidity.
Please avoid touching the windows with dirty hands.
Please back me up!
Please bathe the children.
Please be a bit more careful in future.
Please be a little bit quieter.
Please be a little more patient.
Please be a little more patient. Hopefully, we'll have a solution soon.
Please be advised that the next meeting will be held on April 15.
Please be as brief as possible.
Please be at work on time.
Please be aware that we are not in charge of other apps that use our data.
Please be back by 2:30.
Please be brief.
Please be careful and stay safe.
Please be careful in Australia, OK?
Please be careful in Boston, OK?
Please be careful in regard to scam email.
Please be careful not to break anything.
Please be careful not to break this vase.
Please be careful not to drop that.
Please be careful not to forget to lock the door when you go out.
Please be careful not to forget your card or your change in the machine.
Please be careful not to get hurt.
Please be careful not to get in anybody's way.
Please be careful not to get in anyone's way.
Please be careful not to let the dog loose.
Please be careful not to let the dog outside.
Please be careful not to make this mistake again.
Please be careful not to overexert yourself.
Please be careful not to scratch the faucet surface.
Please be careful not to touch Tom.
Please be careful not to trip over the carpet.
Please be careful of gales and large waves.
Please be careful of the closing doors.
Please be careful of the opening doors.
Please be careful of the slippery surface.
Please be careful of your health.
Please be careful that you don't break this vase.
Please be careful that you don’t break this vase.
Please be careful when crossing the street.
Please be careful when placing liquids to avoid spills.
Please be careful when you cross the street.
Please be careful with that one.
Please be careful with that.
Please be careful with this knife. It's very sharp.
Please be careful, Tom.
Please be careful.
Please be cautious in regard to scam email.
Please be certain to answer the phone.
Please be exact.
Please be fair and impartial.
Please be frank with me.
Please be friendly to the robot.
Please be gentle when handling the faucet.
Please be gentle with the DVD player, it's fragile.
Please be gentle with the DVDs, they're delicate.
Please be gentle with your baby brother.
Please be gentle.
Please be here by 2:30 at the latest.
Please be here by 2:30.
Please be here by eight at the latest.
Please be here by two-thirty.
Please be home before it gets dark.
Please be home by three o'clock.
Please be honest with me.
Please be honest with yourself.
Please be honest with yourselves.
Please be honest.
Please be kind to him.
Please be kind to me.
Please be kind to others.
Please be leaving.
Please be merciful.
Please be more careful in future.
Please be more careful next time.
Please be more patient.
Please be more understanding.
Please be my boyfriend.
Please be my friend.
Please be my girlfriend.
Please be nice to Tom.
Please be on time.
Please be on time. If you're late, we'll leave without you.
Please be patient with me today.
Please be patient with me.
Please be patient, I have to fix the printer first.
Please be patient.
Please be polite.
Please be precise.
Please be prepared for emergencies.
Please be quick about it.
Please be quick!
Please be quiet and don't hamper my work.
Please be quiet and let me finish.
Please be quiet for a few minutes.
Please be quiet for mercy's sake during the lesson.
Please be quiet for mercy’s sake during the lesson.
Please be quiet so you don't wake Tom up.
Please be quiet within the ward.
Please be quiet!
Please be quiet, everybody.
Please be quiet.
Please be quiet. I'm trying to get some sleep.
Please be quiet. I'm working.
Please be quiet. It's late already.
Please be quiet. They are studying for a very difficult exam.
Please be rational.
Please be ready by 2:30, OK?
Please be ready by 2:30.
Please be ready by the time I get there.
Please be ready in about half an hour, okay?
Please be ready in fifteen minutes.
Please be ready to leave by noon.
Please be reasonable.
Please be seated, ladies and gentlemen.
Please be seated.
Please be serious.
Please be so kind as to show me the way to the station.
Please be so kind as to tell me your address.
Please be specific.
Please be sure not to forget to do that.
Please be sure to add that as a translation.
Please be sure to bring some of your friends to the party.
Please be sure to close the cap properly after use.
Please be sure to close the windows before you go out.
Please be sure to come on time.
Please be sure to do that.
Please be sure to give my best regards to your father.
Please be sure to let me know your new address soon.
Please be sure to make a contribution to your local library.
Please be sure to sign and seal the form.
Please be sure to take one dose three times a day.
Please be sure to turn off the light before you leave.
Please be understanding towards him.
Please be understanding towards me.
Please be understanding.
Please be very careful when you're on vacation in India.
Please be very careful.
Please bear in mind what I said.
Please bear this fact in mind.
Please bear with me until I finish the story.
Please bear with me.
Please beat the eggs.
Please beat the rug, first.
Please beat these eggs for me.
Please beat this carpet.
Please begin immediately.
Please begin.
Please behave honestly.
Please behave like adults.
Please behave like an English gentleman.
Please behave prudently.
Please behave yourself.
Please behave yourselves.
Please behave.
Please believe in yourself.
Please believe in yourselves.
Please believe me.
Please believe what I say.
Please beware of fraudulent emails.
Please bid farewell, my Lady, to your husband.
Please bill me.
Please bill us separately.
Please bite down.
Please bless this moment.
Please blow your nose prior to seeing me.
Please board the train.
Please boil an egg for me.
Please boil the eggs just a little so that even the whites are not quite hard.
Please boil the hot water in advance.
Please boil the water in advance.
Please boil the water.
Please book a room for her.
Please book me a room in a first-class hotel.
Please breathe through your nose.
Please bring Tom to me.
Please bring a chair and join us in the game.
Please bring a cup of tea to me.
Please bring a dictionary.
Please bring a glass of beer.
Please bring a notebook with you tomorrow.
Please bring a protractor to tomorrow's math class.
Please bring a salad.
Please bring a sheet of paper.
Please bring an ice bag.
Please bring back the tape tomorrow.
Please bring back this book tomorrow.
Please bring clothes appropriate for the season.
Please bring him back tomorrow.
Please bring him his beer.
Please bring in the washing.
Please bring it back tomorrow.
Please bring me a beer, a very cold one.
Please bring me a big glass of water!
Please bring me a blanket.
Please bring me a chair from the next room.
Please bring me a chair.
Please bring me a clean knife.
Please bring me a cup of tea.
Please bring me a drink.
Please bring me a glass of milk.
Please bring me a glass of water.
Please bring me a half-bottle of wine.
Please bring me a menu.
Please bring me a newspaper.
Please bring me a steak.
Please bring me eggs.
Please bring me fruit.
Please bring me my bill.
Please bring me porridge.
Please bring me some breakfast.
Please bring me some glasses.
Please bring me some ice cream.
Please bring me some medicine for airsickness.
Please bring me some water.
Please bring me the book next time you come.
Please bring me the menu.
Please bring me two pieces of chalk.
Please bring me vinegar and oil.
Please bring my book up when you come.
Please bring my phone with you.
Please bring shoes with a thick sole.
Please bring some sandwiches.
Please bring the bill.
Please bring the master key.
Please bring the matter forward at the next meeting.
Please bring the others.
Please bring this gentleman a glass of beer.
Please bring us a bottle of mineral water.
Please bring us two cups of coffee.
Please bring us two cups of tea and one cup of coffee.
Please bring your intermediate examination certificate with you to the first day of class.
Please bring your own cutlery.
Please bring your own eating utensils.
Please bring your own food.
Please bring your own fork and spoon.
Please bring your plan up at the meeting.
Please bring your toolkit.
Please budge up.
Please buy a couple of avocados.
Please buy a couple of bottles of red wine for the party.
Please buy a few apples.
Please buy a package of spaghetti noodles.
Please buy a tube of toothpaste.
Please buy at least three dozen eggs.
Please buy at least three loaves of bread.
Please buy it from that official.
Please buy me a beer.
Please buy me a few carrots.
Please buy me a turtle, Mother, please buy me a turtle.
Please buy me a turtle, mum, please buy me a turtle!
Please buy me something to eat.
Please buy me that bracelet.
Please buy me the new Shakira CD.
Please buy me this book.
Please buy me three pens.
Please buy my product.
Please buy our product.
Please buy paper plates and paper cups.
Please buy some bananas.
Please buy some blood oranges at the grocery store.
Please buy some carrots for me.
Please buy some paper clips.
Please buy some tangerines.
Please buy some tofu on your way home.
Please buy that for me.
Please buy this book for me.
Please buy this for me.
Please call 911. I'm being kidnapped.
Please call Tom and let him know we're OK so he doesn't worry.
Please call Tom and tell him that.
Please call Tom.
Please call Yanni.
Please call a doctor!
Please call a taxi for me.
Please call a taxi for this lady.
Please call a taxi.
Please call after 6 pm.
Please call again.
Please call an ambulance.
Please call back.
Please call before you come.
Please call her.
Please call him to the telephone.
Please call him up.
Please call him.
Please call if you find out anything.
Please call in a doctor.
Please call me Angela.
Please call me Hanako from now on.
Please call me Joe.
Please call me Ken.
Please call me Philip.
Please call me Taro.
Please call me Tom from now on.
Please call me Tom.
Please call me a doctor.
Please call me a taxi.
Please call me and set up a date sometime.
Please call me around 7:30.
Please call me as soon as possible when you arrive in Boston.
Please call me as soon as possible when you arrive in London.
Please call me as soon as you arrive in Boston.
Please call me as soon as you know anything about Tom's condition.
Please call me at 6:30.
Please call me at about 7:30.
Please call me at any time.
Please call me at eight tomorrow morning.
Please call me at half past six.
Please call me at my hotel later.
Please call me at nine AM.
Please call me at seven tomorrow morning.
Please call me at six a.m. tomorrow.
Please call me at six tomorrow morning.
Please call me at this number.
Please call me at your earliest convenience.
Please call me back as soon as possible.
Please call me back in an hour.
Please call me back later.
Please call me back.
Please call me before you come.
Please call me between seven and eight.
Please call me if you want me.
Please call me in the evening.
Please call me later.
Please call me on receiving this letter.
Please call me tomorrow.
Please call me tonight at my office.
Please call me tonight.
Please call me up between seven and eight.
Please call me up if you want me.
Please call me up later.
Please call me up tonight at my office.
Please call me when you come next.
Please call me when you get home.
Please call me when you have decided what you would like to do.
Please call me when you've decided what you'd like to do.
Please call me whenever it is convenient to you.
Please call me whenever it's convenient for you.
Please call me whenever you need or want something.
Please call me.
Please call me. I'm dying without you.
Please call my wife.
Please call off this attack.
Please call on me tomorrow.
Please call on me when it is convenient for you.
Please call or go online now.
Please call the FBI immediately.
Please call the fire department.
Please call the police.
Please call this lady a taxi.
Please call us if you need anything.
Please call us when you see the cat in this picture.
Please call us.
Please call your first witness.
Please calm down, OK?
Please calm down.
Please calm down; we're going to help you.
Please can I have a carrier bag?
Please can I have a cuddle?
Please can I have a cup of coffee?
Please can I have a cup of tea?
Please can I have a cup of water?
Please can I have some custard on my dessert?
Please can we have two cups of tea and one cup of coffee.
Please can we have two teas and one coffee.
Please can you answer my questions.
Please can you call for a doctor?
Please can you cut my hair?
Please can you open the bonnet.
Please can you open the boot.
Please can you pass over the salt?
Please can you send this book by post.
Please can you tag this sentence.
Please cancel my order and refund the money.
Please cancel my order and send confirmation that this has been done.
Please cancel my reservation on JAL flight two to New York on May 10.
Please cancel our order.
Please cancel that.
Please cancel the appointment.
Please cancel the order.
Please carry the chair into the adjacent room.
Please carry these boxes out to the garage.
Please carry your dishes to the kitchen.
Please cash this check.
Please cash this cheque.
Please cease from quarreling.
Please change back into your suit.
Please change my room?
Please change the channel.
Please change the flag.
Please change the ink cartridge in the printer.
Please change the pillowcase.
Please change the punctuation.
Please change the sentence.
Please change these bills into coins.
Please change these sheets.
Please change this Japanese yen to U.S. dollars.
Please change this bill into coins.
Please change this for a blue one.
Please change this into pounds.
Please change this note into coins.
Please change this to dollars.
Please change your database to reflect the new address as follows.
Please charge this to my account.
Please charge your glasses and drink a toast to the bride and groom!
Please check all the items on this list.
Please check and see if we can do that.
Please check and see if we may do that.
Please check and see if we'll be allowed to do that.
Please check if I had translated correctly.
Please check if the meat is being roasted at the right heat.
Please check in at least an hour before leaving.
Please check it out and let me know what you think about it.
Please check my report.
Please check my vision.
Please check on Tom.
Please check on when he will return.
Please check the attached file.
Please check the correct answer.
Please check the schedule.
Please check to see if there are any mistakes.
Please check whether we can do that or not.
Please check your answers.
Please check your cell phone before you finish work.
Please check your internet connection.
Please check your translation.
Please check your valuables at the front desk.
Please check.
Please choose a drop-off date to come and provide us with your filled boxes.
Please choose a more secure password.
Please choose a password that's easy to remember but also hard to guess.
Please choose a stronger password.
Please choose a suitable answer and write it in the blank space.
Please choose between this one and that one.
Please choose me a tie for this suit.
Please choose one person.
Please choose wisely.
Please choose your character.
Please chop the chicken for the salad.
Please circle the right answer.
Please circle the words that are misspelled.
Please cite an authority on the English language, rather than Grammarly.
Please clap for me.
Please clap.
Please clarify what you mean.
Please classify these books by subject.
Please clean it up.
Please clean it.
Please clean off the counter.
Please clean out your locker.
Please clean the counter.
Please clean the dirty floor.
Please clean the floor with this mop.
Please clean this place up.
Please clean this place.
Please clean those dishes.
Please clean up after your dog in public spaces.
Please clean up after yourself.
Please clean up any spills immediately.
Please clean up this mess.
Please clean up this room before everyone arrives.
Please clean up your room before you go out to play.
Please clean your teeth.
Please clean your work area before you leave.
Please clear away the tea things.
Please clear off any dishes, food, or clutter from the counters.
Please clear out this closet.
Please clear the gangway or we won't be able to get out.
Please clear the table of all the dirty dishes and utensils.
Please clear the table.
Please clear the way.
Please clear your browser cache and try again.
Please clench your teeth.
Please click OK to save.
Please click here.
Please click the "Save" button to start downloading.
Please close all doors and windows.
Please close that door with a key.
Please close the curtains.
Please close the door and make sure that it's locked.
Please close the door because its cold.
Please close the door behind you.
Please close the door for me.
Please close the door on your way out.
Please close the door properly.
Please close the door quietly.
Please close the door when you leave.
Please close the door!
Please close the door, it's too cold to keep it open.
Please close the door.
Please close the door... from the outside!
Please close the drapes.
Please close the fridge.
Please close the window!
Please close the window, it's getting cold.
Please close the window.
Please close the windows and doors!
Please close the windows when you leave.
Please close the windows.
Please close your door.
Please close your eyes and listen to the music.
Please close your eyes.
Please close your textbooks and listen to what I have to say.
Please close your window, it's getting chilly.
Please collect it today.
Please come a bit closer.
Please come aboard.
Please come after 2:30.
Please come again in three days time.
Please come again in three days' time.
Please come again next week.
Please come again soon.
Please come again two weeks from today.
Please come again.
Please come and get me.
Please come and help me.
Please come and join us.
Please come and look at this.
Please come and see me again.
Please come and see me any time.
Please come and see me at a time that's convenient for you.
Please come and see me if you have time.
Please come and see me next Sunday by all means.
Please come and see me whenever it is convenient for you.
Please come and see me whenever you like.
Please come and see us again.
Please come and see us anytime.
Please come and see us sometime during the vacation.
Please come and stay with us again next summer.
Please come and visit me again.
Please come around someday when you aren't busy.
Please come around someday when you aren’t busy.
Please come as soon as possible.
Please come at 2:30.
Please come at half past two.
Please come at once.
Please come back after half an hour.
Please come back and help me.
Please come back as soon as possible.
Please come back at 2:30.
Please come back at once.
Please come back home as soon as you can.
Please come back home.
Please come back in half an hour to get it.
Please come back in half an hour to pick it up.
Please come back in thirty minutes to get it.
Please come back in thirty minutes to pick it up.
Please come back in three days.
Please come back in two weeks.
Please come back inside.
Please come back later.
Please come back next week.
Please come back some day.
Please come back soon.
Please come back this afternoon.
Please come back to Algeria.
Please come back to Australia.
Please come back to Boston and visit us whenever you have a chance.
Please come back to Boston.
Please come back to me.
Please come back tomorrow.
Please come back.
Please come before 2:30.
Please come by 2:30.
Please come by later.
Please come downstairs.
Please come dressed up.
Please come earlier tomorrow, as we will have a lot of work to do.
Please come earlier tomorrow. We have a lot of work that we need to do.
Please come forward.
Please come here as soon as you can.
Please come here at 3 o'clock precisely.
Please come here at 3 o’clock precisely.
Please come here between two and three this afternoon.
Please come here for a moment.
Please come here immediately.
Please come here right away.
Please come here right now.
Please come here soon if you don't mind.
Please come here soon if you don’t mind.
Please come here.
Please come home as quickly as possible.
Please come home as soon as possible.
Please come home early today.
Please come home if something happens.
Please come home right after school.
Please come home right away.
Please come home sometimes.
Please come home with me.
Please come home.
Please come hungry.
Please come if you can.
Please come in an ordinary dress.
Please come in and have a seat.
Please come in and make yourself at home.
Please come in and make yourselves at home.
Please come in now.
Please come in one by one.
Please come in the evening.
Please come in three days.
Please come in to my office.
Please come in!
Please come in, madam.
Please come in, sir.
Please come in.
Please come in. The door is open.
Please come inside.
Please come into my home.
Please come into my office.
Please come into my room to help me.
Please come into the light so that I can see you better.
Please come into the room one by one.
Please come into the room.
Please come next Friday.
Please come next Monday.
Please come on Monday.
Please come on board.
Please come on in.
Please come on the twentieth.
Please come on time.
Please come out here.
Please come over for dinner.
Please come over for lunch the day after tomorrow.
Please come over here.
Please come over if you have time.
Please come over soon.
Please come over with your wife.
Please come over.
Please come pick up your package at the reception.
Please come prepared to provide your comments.
Please come quickly.
Please come right away.
Please come right now.
Please come see me tomorrow.
Please come see us again.
Please come see us tomorrow.
Please come the day after tomorrow.
Please come thirsty.
Please come this way.
Please come to Algiers.
Please come to Australia.
Please come to Boston.
Please come to class having reviewed the materials beforehand.
Please come to meet me at the station.
Please come to meet me some time when it's convenient.
Please come to meet me some time when it’s convenient.
Please come to my birthday party.
Please come to my house by all means.
Please come to my house for a while.
Please come to my house in the afternoon.
Please come to my house next Saturday if you care to.
Please come to my house tomorrow.
Please come to my house.
Please come to my office any time.
Please come to my office at three o'clock this afternoon.
Please come to my office in the afternoon.
Please come to my office.
Please come to my party tonight.
Please come to my party.
Please come to my room to help me.
Please come to our office any time.
Please come to our offices any time.
Please come to our town some day.
Please come to pick me up.
Please come to see me from time to time.
Please come to see me tomorrow.
Please come to see me when you have time.
Please come to see us at our new place.
Please come to see us the next time you come to Australia.
Please come to talk to me.
Please come to the blackboard.
Please come to the counter at least an hour before your flight.
Please come to the front.
Please come to the lobby by 7 o'clock.
Please come to the lobby by 7 o’clock.
Please come to the main office.
Please come to the point.
Please come to the table.
Please come to this register.
Please come tomorrow.
Please come visit our Martian colony.
Please come visit us more often.
Please come when it is convenient.
Please come when it suits you.
Please come whenever it's convenient.
Please come whenever you like.
Please come with me to Boston.
Please come with me.
Please come with us to Boston.
Please come with us.
Please come with warm clothes.
Please come!
Please come.
Please come. I really want to meet you.
Please come. I'm anxious to see you.
Please come. I’m anxious to see you.
Please commence with the vows.
Please comment on this.
Please comment on when and where the profile picture was taken.
Please comment.
Please complete the attached application form.
Please complete the attached job application form.
Please complete the dialogues.
Please complete the sentences.
Please complete this sentence.
Please complete your homework.
Please compliment her on my behalf.
Please compose a draft of the proposal idea.
Please conduct yourself with dignity.
Please confine yourself to a short comment.
Please confirm the cancellation by e-mail.
Please confirm the receipt.
Please confirm your email address.
Please confirm your reservation.
Please confirm.
Please connect a controller.
Please connect me to the boss.
Please connect me with Dr. White.
Please connect me with Mr Smith.
Please connect me with Tom.
Please conserve water during the summer.
Please conserve water in summer.
Please consider it carefully.
Please consider it.
Please consider not telling Tom that.
Please consider that offer carefully before accepting it.
Please consider that the maximum doesn't exist in some circumstances.
Please consider the environment - do you really need to print this email?
Please consider the following before making a decision.
Please consider this.
Please consider us in the future for all your travel needs.
Please consider what I have said.
Please consult with an attorney when creating your company’s terms of service.
Please consult with your parents about the trip.
Please consult your physician if you experience any side effects.
Please consume within one to two days of opening.
Please contact Tom directly.
Please contact me by letter.
Please contact me by mail.
Please contact me if you have any questions.
Please contact me later.
Please contact us now.
Please contact us.
Please continue creaming until the mixture is light and fluffy.
Please continue doing things the way you've been doing them.
Please continue doing whatever you were doing.
Please continue eating. Don't worry about me.
Please continue eating. Don’t worry about me.
Please continue to always do your best.
Please continue until I tell you to stop.
Please continue what you're doing.
Please continue with your story.
Please continue with your story. It's really interesting.
Please continue with your story. It’s really interesting.
Please continue your favors towards us.
Please continue.
Please contribute sentences in your native language.
Please control yourself.
Please convey my apologies to Tom.
Please convey my best wishes to your parents.
Please convey my good wishes to your mother.
Please convince my mother to put him up at my house.
Please copy the first and second pages.
Please copy this page.
Please copy this.
Please copy-paste sentences.
Please correct it.
Please correct me if I make a mistake.
Please correct me if I'm wrong.
Please correct me when I make a mistake.
Please correct my bill.
Please correct my mistakes.
Please correct my pronunciation.
Please correct my sentences.
Please correct my spelling.
Please correct that.
Please correct the errors below.
Please correct the errors.
Please correct the following sentence.
Please correct the sentence.
Please correct this copy for me.
Please correct this sentence.
Please correct your sentences.
Please could I have a subway map.
Please could you lend me your car tomorrow?
Please could you write your forename in the space provided.
Please count how many people are in the audience.
Please count your change again.
Please count.
Please cover for me at the reception desk for about one hour.
Please cover yourself.
Please credit my account for the returned item.
Please criticise as much as possible.
Please cross my name off the list.
Please cross out what doesn't apply.
Please cross that off the list.
Please cross that out.
Please cross those numbers out.
Please cube the cheese for the fondue.
Please cut along the dotted line.
Please cut along the grain.
Please cut me some slack this time.
Please cut my hair.
Please cut perpendicular to the fibers.
Please cut short your holiday and come back.
Please cut short your vacation and return.
Please cut the cake with a knife.
Please cut the cakes with a knife.
Please cut the carrots.
Please cut the pizza into three parts.
Please cut the pizza into three slices.
Please cut this piece of wood into two pieces. The total length of it is one meter. I need the first piece to be 80 cm, and the other should be 20 cm.
Please cut this string.
Please cut with the grain.
Please cut your toenails.
Please cut your vacation short and return.
Please dance with Tom.
Please date me.
Please deal the card.
Please deal the cards.
Please deal with Tom yourself.
Please default me, or else it could get dangerous for everyone.
Please defend me from such bad men.
Please defrost those chicken breasts.
Please delay it as long as you can.
Please delete the comment.
Please delete this file.
Please delete this post.
Please delete this sentence.
Please delete those photos!
Please deliver it to this address.
Please deliver this package to Tom.
Please deliver this to Tom in person.
Please deposit the money in a bank.
Please deposit your turd in the bag provided.
Please describe to me exactly what happened there.
Please describe what occurred there.
Please develop and print this film.
Please develop this film.
Please dim the lights.
Please dismount and push your bike.
Please disregard my last message.
Please disregard that.
Please disregard this notice if your shipment has already been made.
Please disregard this.
Please divide the pizza into three parts.
Please divide this money between yourselves equally.
Please do a water meter reading.
Please do as I say.
Please do as it seems best to you.
Please do as they have instructed you.
Please do come again.
Please do exactly as I say.
Please do feel free to come in and take a look at our exhibition anytime.
Please do it as quickly as you can.
Please do it as soon as possible.
Please do it better this time.
Please do it carefully.
Please do it faster.
Please do it for me, sweetheart.
Please do it for me.
Please do it in advance.
Please do it over.
Please do it quickly.
Please do it this way.
Please do it using what you think is the best method.
Please do it.
Please do me a favor and just leave.
Please do me a favor, will you?
Please do me a favor.
Please do me the courtesy of ignoring me.
Please do not add annotations in sentences.
Please do not add comments.
Please do not add duplicate entries.
Please do not add your tweets from Twitter as a sentence to Tatoeba!
Please do not answer this fraudulent e-mail and certainly do not click on the links in the e-mail.
Please do not ask me.
Please do not break dance in the break room.
Please do not breathe a word of this to anyone, if it got back to my family I'd be in hot water.
Please do not bring unpaid goods into the toilet.
Please do not buy it.
Please do not buy scones.
Please do not disturb!
Please do not do push ups in the aisles.
Please do not drink when you go downstairs.
Please do not eat pâté on our honeymoon...
Please do not enter the room without knocking.
Please do not fart loudly when I call attendance.
Please do not feed the animals.
Please do not feed the trolls.
Please do not fill in fields marked with *.
Please do not forget capital letters and punctuation!
Please do not forget capital letters and punctuation! Thank you!
Please do not forget capital letters and punctuation.
Please do not forget capital letters.
Please do not forget punctuation and capital letters.
Please do not forget to get me at the station.
Please do not forget your belongings.
Please do not forget.
Please do not get closer to the stove.
Please do not give me an unlabeled pile; if everyone does it I cannot tell who's pile is whose.
Please do not go into his office.
Please do not go into your office.
Please do not go near the dog.
Please do not handle the exhibits.
Please do not hang up the phone.
Please do not hesitate to contact me if you have any further queries.
Please do not interrupt.
Please do not invite crime by leaving handbags and valuables on your seat unattended.
Please do not kill me.
Please do not leave your luggage unattended.
Please do not let me live.
Please do not make insulting comments.
Please do not mock me for my stammer.
Please do not moon walk through the restaurant at any time.
Please do not open the windows.
Please do not power off or unplug your machine.
Please do not pursue this matter further.
Please do not run in the classroom.
Please do not send the item yet.
Please do not send the package yet.
Please do not smoke here.
Please do not take photos here.
Please do not talk to the driver while he's driving.
Please do not tell me what to do.
Please do not the cat.
Please do not think of a pink elephant right now.
Please do not touch the merchandise.
Please do not touch the record side.
Please do not touch.
Please do not translate this sentence.
Please do not try this at home.
Please do not try to impersonate others.
Please do not unleash your creativity.
Please do not use parentheses, but provide any supplementary information in the comments section. If necessary, two sentences may be added.
Please do not use the phone while working.
Please do not walk around holding large amounts of cash.
Please do not walk on the grass.
Please do not write in this library book.
Please do so by all means.
Please do so.
Please do something about it.
Please do something about that today.
Please do something.
Please do take us with you.
Please do tell!
Please do that a little more.
Please do that after work.
Please do that again.
Please do that any time you want.
Please do that anytime you like.
Please do that as quickly as you can.
Please do that as soon as possible.
Please do that as soon as you can.
Please do that by tomorrow.
Please do that carefully.
Please do that for as long as you can.
Please do that for me.
Please do that for us.
Please do that if you can.
Please do that if you get the chance.
Please do that if you like.
Please do that later.
Please do that next week.
Please do that now.
Please do that once more.
Please do that quickly.
Please do that right away.
Please do that right now.
Please do that someday.
Please do that sometime soon.
Please do that sometime today.
Please do that sometime.
Please do that somewhere else.
Please do that the way Tom told you to.
Please do that today if possible.
Please do that today if you can.
Please do that today.
Please do that together.
Please do that tomorrow or the day after tomorrow.
Please do that tomorrow or the day after.
Please do that tomorrow, too.
Please do that tomorrow.
Please do that very carefully.
Please do that with Tom or someone else.
Please do that.
Please do the dishes.
Please do the needful.
Please do the same thing I do.
Please do the washing-up.
Please do the work at your own convenience.
Please do this for me.
Please do this immediately.
Please do this.
Please do visit us sometime.
Please do what I ask.
Please do what we asked you to do.
Please do what you can to help Tom.
Please do what you can.
Please do what you consider necessary.
Please do what you've been asked to do.
Please do what you've been told to do.
Please do what's necessary.
Please do whatever seems best to you.
Please do whatever that person tells you to do.
Please do whatever you find necessary.
Please do whatever you think is necessary.
Please do whatever you want to do.
Please do whatever's necessary.
Please do your best.
Please do your chores before you go out to play.
Please do your model building at home! The room's full of the smell of lacquer.
Please do your model building at home! The room’s full of the smell of lacquer.
Please do your research.
Please don't accuse me of something I didn't do.
Please don't act up this time. Just let the doctor examine you in peace.
Please don't add to my workload.
Please don't adopt Tom.
Please don't adopt me. I like living in this orphanage.
Please don't allow Tom to do that.
Please don't allow that to happen.
Please don't allow the children to play with knives.
Please don't apologise.
Please don't apologize.
Please don't argue with Tom.
Please don't argue.
Please don't argue. This is supposed to be a festive occasion.
Please don't ask Tom what happened.
Please don't ask Tom.
Please don't ask again. I won't tell you.
Please don't ask for statistics.
Please don't ask her.
Please don't ask him.
Please don't ask me about Tom.
Please don't ask me about her.
Please don't ask me about him.
Please don't ask me about them.
Please don't ask me about this again.
Please don't ask me again to marry you.
Please don't ask me again!
Please don't ask me any more questions.
Please don't ask me anything more.
Please don't ask me that again.
Please don't ask me that question again.
Please don't ask me that.
Please don't ask me to choose between you and my family.
Please don't ask me to do that again.
Please don't ask me to do that anymore.
Please don't ask me to do that.
Please don't ask me to do this again.
Please don't ask me to do this.
Please don't ask me to marry you again.
Please don't ask me to sing again.
Please don't ask me to sing.
Please don't ask me!
Please don't ask me, Cecil, I cannot tell you.
Please don't ask me.
Please don't ask stupid questions. It's ridiculous.
Please don't ask that kind of question.
Please don't ask them.
Please don't ask unnecessary questions.
Please don't ask us to do that.
Please don't ask.
Please don't assume my gender.
Please don't back down.
Please don't bathe today.
Please don't be afraid of me.
Please don't be afraid to ask for help.
Please don't be afraid.
Please don't be angry at me.
Please don't be angry with me.
Please don't be angry!
Please don't be angry.
Please don't be cold!
Please don't be concerned.
Please don't be crude. We're in a mosque.
Please don't be fooled.
Please don't be late again.
Please don't be late for dinner.
Please don't be late for the meeting.
Please don't be late.
Please don't be lazy.
Please don't be mad at me.
Please don't be mad.
Please don't be nervous.
Please don't be offended.
Please don't be rude. We're in a mosque.
Please don't be rude. We're talking to an imam.
Please don't be sad any more.
Please don't be sad.
Please don't be so condescending.
Please don't be so greedy.
Please don't be so hard on me.
Please don't be so impatient.
Please don't be so noisy.
Please don't be so patronising.
Please don't be so sad.
Please don't be so sad. Cheer up!
Please don't be so surprised that I'm speaking this language and listen to the content of what I'm actually saying.
Please don't be unkind.
Please don't be upset with me.
Please don't be upset.
Please don't be vague.
Please don't behave like a child.
Please don't believe all the stories about Tom.
Please don't believe everything you hear about me.
Please don't blame Tom.
Please don't blame me.
Please don't blow your nose on the tablecloth.
Please don't boil the eggs so hard.
Please don't bother Tom.
Please don't bother Tom. He's studying.
Please don't bother about lunch because I'm not hungry.
Please don't bother about me.
Please don't bother me now.
Please don't bother me.
Please don't bother my son.
Please don't bother to come in to the office if the weather's bad.
Please don't bother.
Please don't break anything.
Please don't breathe a word of this.
Please don't bring alcoholic beverages into the stadium.
Please don't bring this up again.
Please don't broach this subject again.
Please don't burn the food this time. I like it better without an acrid taste.
Please don't buy it.
Please don't buy me anything for my birthday.
Please don't buy me anything.
Please don't buy that.
Please don't call Tom again.
Please don't call Tom an idiot.
Please don't call Tom back.
Please don't call her again.
Please don't call him again.
Please don't call me Tom.
Please don't call me after ten.
Please don't call me again.
Please don't call me anymore.
Please don't call me that.
Please don't call the cops.
Please don't call them again.
Please don't call us again.
Please don't change anything.
Please don't change.
Please don't chew food with your mouth open.
Please don't close our school down.
Please don't close the door.
Please don't close the windows.
Please don't close this door.
Please don't close this page.
Please don't close this window.
Please don't come any closer.
Please don't come here again.
Please don't come here anymore.
Please don't come here by car. There's no place to park.
Please don't come in.
Please don't come to me with any more of your idiotic ideas.
Please don't comment on my work.
Please don't compare me to Tom.
Please don't compare me to her.
Please don't compare me to him.
Please don't compare me with my brother.
Please don't complain so much.
Please don't complain.
Please don't confuse language learners with this kind of sentences.
Please don't copy sentences from other sites.
Please don't cross this line.
Please don't cry again.
Please don't cry any more.
Please don't cry when I'm not by your side.
Please don't cry, Tom.
Please don't cry.
Please don't cut down these trees.
Please don't cut in while I'm talking with him.
Please don't cut me off like that.
Please don't cut the trees down.
Please don't cut these trees down.
Please don't cut yourself.
Please don't deface this building.
Please don't delay the decision.
Please don't destroy it.
Please don't die!
Please don't die.
Please don't disappoint me anymore.
Please don't disappoint me.
Please don't disown me.
Please don't distract me from my work.
Please don't distract me.
Please don't disturb me while I'm reading.
Please don't disturb.
Please don't do anything dangerous.
Please don't do anything else right now.
Please don't do anything else till Tom and Mary get here.
Please don't do anything else till Tom gets here.
Please don't do anything else.
Please don't do anything stupid.
Please don't do anything that would besmirch the Matsuno family name!
Please don't do anything today.
Please don't do it that way.
Please don't do it.
Please don't do that again.
Please don't do that anymore.
Please don't do that by yourself.
Please don't do that by yourselves.
Please don't do that here.
Please don't do that now.
Please don't do that so much.
Please don't do that terrible accent.
Please don't do that today.
Please don't do that tomorrow.
Please don't do that too much.
Please don't do that unless I tell you to.
Please don't do that until Tom and Mary get there.
Please don't do that until Tom gets there.
Please don't do that while I'm here.
Please don't do that with Tom.
Please don't do that without me.
Please don't do that yet.
Please don't do that.
Please don't do this here.
Please don't do this now.
Please don't do this to me.
Please don't do this.
Please don't do translations if you're crap at it. This is a plea from the English translation clients.
Please don't draw the curtains when the window is open.
Please don't drink all of your milk.
Please don't drink beer before going to bed.
Please don't drink from the bottle.
Please don't drink that.
Please don't drink this water.
Please don't drink too much.
Please don't drive so fast.
Please don't drive your car on the beach.
Please don't eat any more of my food.
Please don't eat in here.
Please don't eat in my car.
Please don't eat it all in one day.
Please don't eat me!
Please don't eat my crab.
Please don't eat or drink near the computer, it's delicate.
Please don't eat our food.
Please don't eat the remaining food.
Please don't email me too much.
Please don't embarrass me.
Please don't encrypt your file.
Please don't enter the room without knocking.
Please don't enter the room.
Please don't ever do that again.
Please don't ever leave me.
Please don't ever say that again.
Please don't fart in the car.
Please don't feed the animals.
Please don't feed the monkey.
Please don't feed the pigeons.
Please don't feed the potatoes.
Please don't feed the trolls.
Please don't feed the wild animals.
Please don't feel disturbed.
Please don't fight any more!
Please don't fight.
Please don't follow me.
Please don't follow this advice.
Please don't force me to do this.
Please don't force me to eat that.
Please don't force me to go.
Please don't force the faucet; it's delicate.
Please don't force us to do this.
Please don't force us to go.
Please don't forget any capital letters and syllables!
Please don't forget it!
Please don't forget me.
Please don't forget my name!
Please don't forget my name.
Please don't forget punctuation.
Please don't forget the less fortunate.
Please don't forget the punctuation.
Please don't forget the receipt.
Please don't forget to bring a sandwich.
Please don't forget to close the windows.
Please don't forget to do that.
Please don't forget to mail the letters.
Please don't forget to mail this letter.
Please don't forget to mention my name.
Please don't forget to pick me up as well!
Please don't forget to post the letter.
Please don't forget to post the letters.
Please don't forget to post this letter.
Please don't forget to put a stamp on the letter before mailing it.
Please don't forget to put out the fire before you go home.
Please don't forget to put stamps on the letters I gave you to post.
Please don't forget to put stamps on the letters that I gave you to mail.
Please don't forget to put the letter into the mailbox.
Please don't forget to see him tomorrow.
Please don't forget to send out the letters.
Please don't forget to shut the door.
Please don't forget to sign in.
Please don't forget to sign it.
Please don't forget to sign the application form.
Please don't forget to sign the document before sending it out to the company.
Please don't forget to sign the document.
Please don't forget to take out the trash tonight.
Please don't forget to turn off the light before you go to bed.
Please don't forget to write that letter.
Please don't forget to write the letter.
Please don't forget to write your name in big letters.
Please don't forget what Tom said.
Please don't forget what we discussed.
Please don't forget your money.
Please don't forget.
Please don't freak out.
Please don't get Tom excited.
Please don't get angry if I criticize.
Please don't get angry!
Please don't get angry.
Please don't get her excited.
Please don't get him excited.
Please don't get into a fight.
Please don't get lost.
Please don't get mad, sir! I'm a new worker!
Please don't get me involved in your drama.
Please don't get me wrong.
Please don't get the bed undone so that I won't have to get it back into order.
Please don't get the wrong idea.
Please don't get them excited.
Please don't get up.
Please don't get upset.
Please don't get worked up!
Please don't give me a ticket!
Please don't give me grief.
Please don't give me that look.
Please don't give up on me.
Please don't give up so easily.
Please don't go away.
Please don't go hiking in the woods around the lake.
Please don't go home.
Please don't go in there.
Please don't go out after drinking sake.
Please don't go out of your way on my account.
Please don't go there by yourself.
Please don't go there. It is dangerous.
Please don't go to Australia without me.
Please don't go to Boston without me.
Please don't go to any expense on my account.
Please don't go to the trouble of coming to our office.
Please don't go tomorrow.
Please don't go yet.
Please don't go!
Please don't go, Tom.
Please don't go.
Please don't go. Don't leave me alone here.
Please don't grumble.
Please don't hang up the phone and wait a moment.
Please don't hang up.
Please don't hang up. Give me a chance to explain what's happening.
Please don't hate me for that.
Please don't hate me for this.
Please don't hate me.
Please don't hate us for this.
Please don't have any hard feelings.
Please don't help Tom anymore.
Please don't help Tom with his homework.
Please don't help Tom.
Please don't hesitate to ask me any questions.
Please don't hesitate to call.
Please don't hesitate to contact me if you have any other questions.
Please don't hurry.
Please don't hurt Tom.
Please don't hurt him.
Please don't hurt me anymore.
Please don't hurt me.
Please don't ignore Tom's warning.
Please don't insist.
Please don't insult my intelligence.
Please don't insult our intelligence.
Please don't insult the boy!
Please don't interfere with my plan.
Please don't interfere.
Please don't interrupt me for a while.
Please don't interrupt me when I am speaking.
Please don't interrupt me when I'm speaking.
Please don't interrupt me when I'm talking.
Please don't interrupt me while I'm talking.
Please don't interrupt me, Tom.
Please don't interrupt me, let me say it all.
Please don't interrupt me.
Please don't interrupt me. Let me finish what I'm saying.
Please don't interrupt!
Please don't interrupt.
Please don't joke like that!
Please don't judge me.
Please don't jump like that. There are people living under me.
Please don't jump.
Please don't just stand there.
Please don't keep getting closer to the stove.
Please don't keep me waiting.
Please don't kill me!
Please don't kill me.
Please don't kill that centipede.
Please don't kiss me when I'm talking.
Please don't kiss the cats.
Please don't laugh at me.
Please don't laugh at us.
Please don't laugh! Try it yourself!
Please don't laugh.
Please don't lean out of the window when we're moving.
Please don't leave Tom alone.
Please don't leave a mess in the bathroom for others.
Please don't leave any valuables lying around here.
Please don't leave empty containers in the fridge.
Please don't leave it there.
Please don't leave kiss marks on my cups.
Please don't leave like this.
Please don't leave me again.
Please don't leave me alone with Tom.
Please don't leave me alone with her.
Please don't leave me alone with him.
Please don't leave me alone.
Please don't leave me here alone.
Please don't leave me here by myself.
Please don't leave me here with Tom.
Please don't leave me here.
Please don't leave me in the dark. Tell me.
Please don't leave me now.
Please don't leave me with Tom.
Please don't leave me with her.
Please don't leave me with him.
Please don't leave me with them.
Please don't leave me!
Please don't leave me.
Please don't leave me. I'm so afraid.
Please don't leave the bathroom lights on when not in use.
Please don't leave the bedroom window open.
Please don't leave the city.
Please don't leave the door open.
Please don't leave the windows open.
Please don't leave town.
Please don't leave us here.
Please don't leave valuable things here.
Please don't leave wet towels on the bathroom floor.
Please don't leave without me.
Please don't leave without us.
Please don't leave yet.
Please don't leave your Facebook open.
Please don't leave your belongings in the shared spaces.
Please don't leave your clothes in the bathroom.
Please don't leave your clothes on the floor.
Please don't leave your dirty dishes in the sink.
Please don't leave your wet towel on the bed.
Please don't leave.
Please don't let Tom and Mary do that.
Please don't let Tom buy anything too expensive.
Please don't let Tom do anything dangerous.
Please don't let Tom do that anymore.
Please don't let Tom do that today.
Please don't let Tom do that.
Please don't let Tom drive.
Please don't let Tom eat any candy.
Please don't let Tom got out after dark.
Please don't let Tom leave before I get there.
Please don't let Tom read this note.
Please don't let Tom ride my bicycle.
Please don't let Tom see you crying.
Please don't let anyone in the house.
Please don't let anyone inside the house!
Please don't let anyone know where I am.
Please don't let go of my hand.
Please don't let him know the real name of his illness.
Please don't let me die.
Please don't let me down.
Please don't let me hear any more of that story.
Please don't let me interfere.
Please don't let the child play with knives.
Please don't let the children play with knives.
Please don't let the dog into the house.
Please don't let the fire go out.
Please don't let them take me back to the psychiatric ward.
Please don't let this happen again.
Please don't let us down.
Please don't let your dirty dishes pile up in the sink.
Please don't lie to me, Tom.
Please don't lie to me.
Please don't lie to us.
Please don't limit your opinions just to 'Yes' or 'No'.
Please don't listen to Tom.
Please don't listen to her.
Please don't listen to him.
Please don't listen to my crazy daughter.
Please don't lock the door.
Please don't look at me like that.
Please don't look at me suspiciously.
Please don't look at your cellphone while we're eating.
Please don't look at your mobile phone while we're eating.
Please don't look over here again.
Please don't lose patience.
Please don't make Ziri come back here.
Please don't make fun of me.
Please don't make him angry.
Please don't make me angry.
Please don't make me ask Tom.
Please don't make me ask her.
Please don't make me ask him.
Please don't make me ask them.
Please don't make me beg.
Please don't make me cry.
Please don't make me do anything else.
Please don't make me do it.
Please don't make me do that again.
Please don't make me do that.
Please don't make me do this anymore.
Please don't make me do this.
Please don't make me eat that.
Please don't make me ever say this to you again.
Please don't make me go back there.
Please don't make me go there!
Please don't make me go there.
Please don't make me go to school anymore.
Please don't make me go to school.
Please don't make me go with Tom.
Please don't make me go.
Please don't make me help Tom.
Please don't make me help her.
Please don't make me help him.
Please don't make me help them.
Please don't make me laugh. I did too many sit-ups yesterday and my stomach muscles hurt.
Please don't make me leave.
Please don't make me shoot you.
Please don't make me sing again.
Please don't make me sing.
Please don't make me waste a bullet on you.
Please don't make much noise.
Please don't make noise.
Please don't make so much noise.
Please don't make so much noise. I'm trying to study.
Please don't make so much noise. I'm trying to work.
Please don't make so much noise. They are studying at the library for a very difficult test.
Please don't make such a loud noise.
Please don't make that duck face ever again.
Please don't make the same mistake I made.
Please don't make the same mistake that I made.
Please don't make the same mistakes I made.
Please don't make the same mistakes that I made.
Please don't make things more complicated than they already are.
Please don't make this any more difficult than it already is.
Please don't make this any more difficult than what it already is.
Please don't make up excuses.
Please don't make us do anything else.
Please don't make us do that again.
Please don't make us do that.
Please don't make us do this.
Please don't make us eat that.
Please don't make us go back there.
Please don't meddle.
Please don't mention it to anyone.
Please don't mention it.
Please don't mention my age.
Please don't mention that I was here.
Please don't mention that I was the one who did this.
Please don't mention that Tom did that.
Please don't mention that Tom has been fired.
Please don't mention that Tom was deported.
Please don't mention that Tom was here.
Please don't mention that Tom was the one who did this.
Please don't mention this to anyone.
Please don't mess up this visit.
Please don't message me.
Please don't mind him.
Please don't mind me.
Please don't mind the garage. It's super messy.
Please don't mistake my meaning.
Please don't misunderstand me.
Please don't misunderstand that.
Please don't misunderstand.
Please don't move these tables.
Please don't move.
Please don't mumble.
Please don't nitpick just for the sake of nitpicking.
Please don't open that window.
Please don't open the door.
Please don't open the train doors until the train has stopped.
Please don't open the window.
Please don't open the windows.
Please don't open this door.
Please don't open this window.
Please don't order anything perishable.
Please don't overdo it.
Please don't panic.
Please don't park here.
Please don't pay any attention to me.
Please don't peek.
Please don't pet Tom's guide dog.
Please don't phone me any more.
Please don't pin the blame on other people.
Please don't place a vase on this stand.
Please don't play here — she is trying to get to sleep!
Please don't play here. He needs to sleep!
Please don't play here. She needs to sleep!
Please don't play near the railroad tracks.
Please don't play that song again.
Please don't play with my stuffed animals.
Please don't play with the toilet paper or throw it around.
Please don't pop the blisters.
Please don't pour sugar into my coffee.
Please don't press charges.
Please don't proceed with that.
Please don't pry into my personal affairs.
Please don't pull my ears.
Please don't punctuate your sentences with loud farts.
Please don't push any of these buttons.
Please don't push.
Please don't put anything on the box.
Please don't put anything on top of that box.
Please don't put it on the table.
Please don't put ketchup on my hot dog.
Please don't put me on a pedestal, for I will surely fall. Just love me as I am, weaknesses, flaws, and all.
Please don't put that on the table.
Please don't put words in my mouth.
Please don't put your glass on the table without a coaster.
Please don't question.
Please don't quit.
Please don't quote me.
Please don't raise your voice at me.
Please don't raise your voice.
Please don't read my diary.
Please don't refuse.
Please don't reveal my name.
Please don't ring me any more.
Please don't ruin the surprise.
Please don't ruin this for me.
Please don't run about the room.
Please don't run away from me.
Please don't run down the stairs.
Please don't run in the classroom.
Please don't run in the room.
Please don't run.
Please don't rush me.
Please don't say "I told you so."
Please don't say any more.
Please don't say anything about it to Tom.
Please don't say anything embarrassing.
Please don't say anything more.
Please don't say anything to Tom about my being here.
Please don't say anything to Tom about this.
Please don't say anything to Tom about what happened.
Please don't say anything.
Please don't say no to me.
Please don't say no.
Please don't say such terrible things.
Please don't say that again.
Please don't say that you won't let Tom play with me anymore.
Please don't say that.
Please don't say your birthday is over.
Please don't scare the kids.
Please don't scream at me.
Please don't screw up this date.
Please don't scuff your shoes on the recently mopped floor.
Please don't send email attachments.
Please don't send me any nude pictures or I will reject your request.
Please don't send me anything.
Please don't send me back home!
Please don't send me messages.
Please don't send me those memes.
Please don't send me to school any more.
Please don't separate me from my brother.
Please don't separate me from my sister.
Please don't separate us from our children.
Please don't separate us from our parents.
Please don't serve near rancid meat on Mondays.
Please don't shoot me.
Please don't shoot.
Please don't shout at the poor girl.
Please don't shout.
Please don't show Tom how to do that.
Please don't show Tom this note.
Please don't show this document to anybody.
Please don't show this document to anyone.
Please don't show this note to Tom.
Please don't sign the contract.
Please don't sign up for that course.
Please don't sing anymore.
Please don't sing with me.
Please don't sit in this chair!
Please don't sit on that bench.
Please don't sit there.
Please don't slam the door when you leave the room.
Please don't smoke cigarettes no matter what.
Please don't smoke here.
Please don't smoke in bed.
Please don't smoke in here.
Please don't smoke in my living room.
Please don't smoke in the lift.
Please don't smoke in this room.
Please don't smoke inside.
Please don't smoke too much.
Please don't smoke.
Please don't spam the chat.
Please don't speak English when I am around, OK?
Please don't speak French anymore.
Please don't speak French here.
Please don't speak Italian to the goat.
Please don't speak for Muslims.
Please don't speak so fast.
Please don't speak so loudly.
Please don't speak to me.
Please don't speak too quickly.
Please don't speak.
Please don't spell it wrong.
Please don't spell my name wrong this time.
Please don't spill the beans to Elizabeth that I bought her a gold necklace for her birthday.
Please don't spread any false rumors.
Please don't stand on ceremony.
Please don't stand.
Please don't stare at me like that.
Please don't start complaining.
Please don't start lying.
Please don't start now.
Please don't start spreading rumors.
Please don't start that again.
Please don't start yet.
Please don't start, Layla.
Please don't stop loving me.
Please don't stop that.
Please don't stop the music.
Please don't stop.
Please don't swim here.
Please don't take any trouble on my account.
Please don't take it out, if possible.
Please don't take it personally.
Please don't take my life.
Please don't take my mind off the work.
Please don't take off your shoes.
Please don't take off your socks.
Please don't take pictures here.
Please don't take the documents out of this room.
Please don't take this lightly.
Please don't take your shoes off.
Please don't take your socks off.
Please don't talk about Russian potato salad! I'm so hungry.
Please don't talk about it in his presence.
Please don't talk about me when I'm gone.
Please don't talk like that.
Please don't talk so loudly.
Please don't talk that way.
Please don't talk to me.
Please don't talk to the driver while he's driving.
Please don't talk too loudly while you're walking along the bookstore alleys to avoid disturning those who are either studying or reading.
Please don't talk.
Please don't tear this house down.
Please don't tell Dad.
Please don't tell Jamal.
Please don't tell Mom!
Please don't tell Mom.
Please don't tell Tom I told you.
Please don't tell Tom I'm here.
Please don't tell Tom about our plan.
Please don't tell Tom about this.
Please don't tell Tom about what happened.
Please don't tell Tom about what we did.
Please don't tell Tom anything.
Please don't tell Tom how to do that.
Please don't tell Tom that I'm here.
Please don't tell Tom that I'm leaving.
Please don't tell Tom that you saw me here.
Please don't tell Tom that.
Please don't tell Tom what I did.
Please don't tell Tom what I just told you.
Please don't tell Tom what happened.
Please don't tell Tom what we did.
Please don't tell Tom where I am.
Please don't tell Tom where Mary went.
Please don't tell Tom where we're going.
Please don't tell Tom.
Please don't tell any more jokes.
Please don't tell any of your friends about this.
Please don't tell anybody I did that.
Please don't tell anybody about this.
Please don't tell anybody else.
Please don't tell anybody that I did that.
Please don't tell anybody what I just told you.
Please don't tell anybody.
Please don't tell anyone I did that.
Please don't tell anyone I was here.
Please don't tell anyone Tom and I are here.
Please don't tell anyone Tom and I were here.
Please don't tell anyone about this.
Please don't tell anyone else.
Please don't tell anyone that I did that.
Please don't tell anyone that Tom and I are doing this.
Please don't tell anyone where I am.
Please don't tell anyone yet.
Please don't tell anyone!
Please don't tell anyone.
Please don't tell her.
Please don't tell him anything.
Please don't tell him that I'm leaving.
Please don't tell him that.
Please don't tell him.
Please don't tell me this guy is your father!
Please don't tell me to stop drinking.
Please don't tell me what to do.
Please don't tell me you have to go to the bathroom again.
Please don't tell me you're serious.
Please don't tell me you've hired Tom.
Please don't tell my wife about this.
Please don't tell my wife.
Please don't tell this to your parents.
Please don't tell those jokes.
Please don't tell us what to do.
Please don't tell your parents this.
Please don't tell.
Please don't thank me.
Please don't that again.
Please don't think badly of my father, okay?
Please don't think of it that way.
Please don't think that way.
Please don't throw anything out the window.
Please don't throw anything out.
Please don't throw that away.
Please don't throw the bottle out the window.
Please don't throw this away.
Please don't throw up here.
Please don't tilt your phone.
Please don't torment me any longer.
Please don't touch Tom.
Please don't touch anything here.
Please don't touch anything.
Please don't touch me.
Please don't touch my hair.
Please don't touch my orchids.
Please don't touch that.
Please don't touch the debug options unless I tell you to.
Please don't touch the exhibits.
Please don't touch the flowers.
Please don't touch the fruit!
Please don't touch the ice with bare hands.
Please don't touch the merchandise.
Please don't touch the windshield.
Please don't touch this.
Please don't touch those books.
Please don't touch.
Please don't translate this sentence.
Please don't treat me like a stranger.
Please don't treat me like this.
Please don't trouble yourself.
Please don't try this at home.
Please don't try to come in.
Please don't try to do that again.
Please don't try to do that by yourself.
Please don't try to find me.
Please don't try to go in there.
Please don't turn on the lights.
Please don't turn the lights on.
Please don't turn up the volume on the television.
Please don't use English.
Please don't use Facebook at work.
Please don't use Facebook during business hours.
Please don't use French.
Please don't use drugs.
Please don't use machine translation.
Please don't use more water than you need.
Please don't use my kitchen utensils.
Please don't use my mug, use your own.
Please don't use my name.
Please don't use my phone as a coaster.
Please don't use my toothbrush again.
Please don't vote for Tom.
Please don't vote for her.
Please don't vote for him.
Please don't wail like that, you'll make the neighbours think there's been a death in the family.
Please don't wait for me.
Please don't wait for us.
Please don't wake me up before 2:30.
Please don't walk away from me like that. Let me explain.
Please don't walk on the grass.
Please don't walk out on me.
Please don't walk so fast.
Please don't walk so fast. I can't keep pace with you.
Please don't walk too fast.
Please don't waste electricity.
Please don't waste my time.
Please don't waste water.
Please don't waste your time here.
Please don't worry about it.
Please don't worry about me.
Please don't worry about that.
Please don't worry about the finer details of free vs mis-translation.
Please don't worry about us.
Please don't worry.
Please don't write letters to me anymore.
Please don't write on the book. Thank you for your cooperation.
Please don't write to me again.
Please don't yell at me.
Please don't you think Tom looks his father?
Please don't you think that Tom is a little old for you?
Please don't you think that Tom is too old to be doing that?
Please don't you think that Tom is too young to be doing that?
Please don't!
Please don't.
Please don’t allow the children to play with knives.
Please don’t ask.
Please don’t be cold!
Please don’t be sad any more.
Please don’t be so sad. Cheer up!
Please don’t be so surprised that I’m speaking this language and listen to the content of what I’m actually saying.
Please don’t blow your nose on the tablecloth.
Please don’t boil the eggs so hard.
Please don’t bother about lunch because I’m not hungry.
Please don’t bother about me.
Please don’t bother.
Please don’t compare me with my brother.
Please don’t cry.
Please don’t cut in while I’m talking with him.
Please don’t cut me off like that.
Please don’t die!
Please don’t disrespect me with that term.
Please don’t distract me from my work.
Please don’t do anything that would besmirch the Matsuno family name!
Please don’t do translations if you’re crap at it. This is a plea from the English translation clients.
Please don’t draw the curtains when the window is open.
Please don’t encrypt your file.
Please don’t follow this advice.
Please don’t forget to post the letter.
Please don’t forget to post the letters.
Please don’t forget to put a stamp on the letter before mailing it.
Please don’t forget to put stamps on the letters I gave you to post.
Please don’t forget to see him tomorrow.
Please don’t forget to send out the letters.
Please don’t forget to shut the door.
Please don’t get angry if I criticize.
Please don’t get mad, sir! I’m a new worker!
Please don’t get up.
Please don’t go out of your way on my account.
Please don’t go to the trouble of coming to our office.
Please don’t have any hard feelings.
Please don’t hesitate to ask me any questions.
Please don’t interfere with my plan.
Please don’t interrupt me for a while.
Please don’t interrupt me when I am speaking.
Please don’t interrupt me while I’m talking.
Please don’t laugh at me.
Please don’t laugh! Try it yourself!
Please don’t lean out of the window when we’re moving.
Please don’t leave valuable things here.
Please don’t let him know the real name of his illness.
Please don’t let me hear any more of that story.
Please don’t let the children play with knives.
Please don’t limit your opinions just to ’Yes’ or ’No’.
Please don’t look at me like that.
Please don’t look at me suspiciously.
Please don’t look at your cellphone while we’re eating.
Please don’t look at your mobile phone while we’re eating.
Please don’t look over here again.
Please don’t make me laugh. I did too many sit-ups yesterday and my stomach muscles hurt.
Please don’t make much noise.
Please don’t make noise.
Please don’t make so much noise!
Please don’t make so much noise.
Please don’t make so much noise. They are studying at the library for a very difficult test.
Please don’t make such a loud noise.
Please don’t mind me.
Please don’t misunderstand me.
Please don’t mumble.
Please don’t open the window.
Please don’t place a vase on this stand.
Please don’t play here â€” she is trying to get to sleep!
Please don’t pour sugar into my coffee.
Please don’t provoke me.
Please don’t run about the room.
Please don’t run in the classroom.
Please don’t say your birthday is over.
Please don’t shun me because I have this gift.
Please don’t sit on that bench.
Please don’t smoke too much.
Please don’t speak so fast.
Please don’t speak too quickly.
Please don’t spill the beans to Elizabeth that I bought her a gold necklace for her birthday.
Please don’t stand on ceremony.
Please don’t stomp on the flower beds when you walk through the garden.
Please don’t take any trouble on my account.
Please don’t take it out, if possible?
Please don’t take my mind off the work.
Please don’t take the documents out of this room.
Please don’t talk about me when I’m gone.
Please don’t tell this to your parents.
Please don’t touch the exhibits.
Please don’t touch.
Please don’t turn up the volume on the television.
Please don’t use English.
Please don’t walk so fast.
Please don’t walk so fast. I can’t keep pace with you.
Please don’t walk too fast.
Please don’t worry about the finer details of free vs mis-translation.
Please don’t worry.
Please don’t write letters to me anymore.
Please don′t make me go.
Please drain the bathtub.
Please draw a hundred thousand yen from the bank.
Please draw a line in the middle of the page.
Please draw a picture of a sheep.
Please draw a picture of sheep.
Please draw me a picture of a sheep.
Please draw the curtains on your window.
Please draw water from the well.
Please drink responsibly.
Please drink tea.
Please drink the beer before it goes flat.
Please drink the water.
Please drink this three times per day.
Please drive carefully.
Please drive faster.
Please drive me back home.
Please drive me home.
Please drive me there.
Please drive me to school.
Please drive off as soon as your child has left the car.
Please drive on the left.
Please drive safely.
Please drive slower.
Please drive slowly near sensitive habitats such as kelp forests and bird rookeries to minimize disturbance.
Please drive slowly.
Please drive the car more slowly.
Please drive us to TECO (in HITC building Cau Giay Dist.)
Please drive us to TECO in the HITC building in the Cau Giay district.
Please drop by and see me.
Please drop by any time.
Please drop by my home.
Please drop by next week.
Please drop by when you go out for shopping sometimes.
Please drop in at my house on your way home.
Please drop in at my house when you have a moment.
Please drop in on us when you come this way.
Please drop in on us.
Please drop in on your way home.
Please drop in to see us any time you're in town.
Please drop in to see us any time you’re in town.
Please drop in to see us next time you come to Boston.
Please drop in to see us next time you come to London.
Please drop in when it is convenient for you.
Please drop in when it's convenient for you.
Please drop in when you come this way.
Please drop in when you happen to be in the neighborhood.
Please drop it in the mail if it's not out of your way.
Please drop it in the mail if it’s not out of your way.
Please drop me a line.
Please drop me off at the station.
Please drop me off here.
Please drop off this package at the Jones' when you go to work.
Please drop off this package at the Jones’ when you go to work.
Please drop that stupid accent.
Please eat a little more.
Please eat as much as you want.
Please eat it while it's still hot.
Please eat it while it’s still hot.
Please eat it.
Please eat only soft foods.
Please eat some cake.
Please eat something.
Please eat this.
Please eat up your dinner.
Please eat.
Please eat. You're hungry, aren't you?
Please eat. You’re hungry, aren’t you?
Please edit the sentence if it is wrong or awkward.
Please educate me.
Please elaborate.
Please email a copy to me.
Please email me a copy.
Please email me your itinerary.
Please empty your pockets.
Please encourage Tom to do that.
Please endorse this check.
Please engage brain before speaking.
Please enjoy a calm time in a relaxed atmosphere beauty salon.
Please enjoy our complimentary towels.
Please enjoy your stay at this hotel.
Please enjoy your stay.
Please enjoy your trip.
Please enjoy yourself at the dance.
Please enjoy yourselves at the dance.
Please ensure that you do not put your passport in your suitcase.
Please ensure that your speakers are connected and sound turned up. Please note that the file size to be viewed/downloaded is large so the download times may vary depending upon the local internet connectivity.
Please ensure the genitals are obscured by a mosaic effect.
Please ensure you always include a link-back in your replies. ">>" in plain ASCII + number (e.g. >>1).
Please ensure your seatbelt is securely fastened at this time.
Please enter a password.
Please enter a telephone number where you can be contacted during the day, too.
Please enter a valid email address.
Please enter a valid phone number, including your country code starting with + or 00.
Please enter a valid site.
Please enter my office.
Please enter now.
Please enter one of these backup tokens to login to your account.
Please enter the code.
Please enter the correct username and password for a staff account.
Please enter the phone number you wish to be called on.
Please enter the phone number you wish to receive the text messages on.
Please enter the recipient address.
Please enter the room one at a time.
Please enter the token you've received.
Please enter your PIN.
Please enter your current address here.
Please enter your email address.
Please enter your name in the record of attendance.
Please enter your name.
Please enter your new password twice so we can verify you typed it in correctly.
Please enter your old password, for security’s sake, and then enter your new password twice so we can verify you typed it in correctly.
Please enter your password.
Please enter your username and password.
Please escort Tom to his quarters.
Please estimate the losses by Friday at the latest.
Please estimate your best price and the earliest delivery date.
Please everyone, don't make any more move, that guy over there is under arrest.
Please exchange yen for dollars.
Please excuse me for a minute.
Please excuse me for a moment.
Please excuse me for a second.
Please excuse me for being late.
Please excuse me for being rude.
Please excuse me for calling you by your first name.
Please excuse me for calling you so early in the morning.
Please excuse me for coming late.
Please excuse me for just a minute.
Please excuse me for just a moment.
Please excuse me for just a moment. I forgot to tell Flora Jane to take the buns out of the oven.
Please excuse me for keeping you waiting so long.
Please excuse me for lying about that.
Please excuse me for making you wait so long.
Please excuse me, I have to leave.
Please excuse me, I must go now.
Please excuse me, my Spanish is terrible.
Please excuse me.
Please excuse me; I have to go to the bathroom.
Please excuse my bad French.
Please excuse my bad French. I'm just beginning to learn the language.
Please excuse my bad handwriting.
Please excuse my being late.
Please excuse my ignorance.
Please excuse my poor pronunciation!
Please excuse my terrible English.
Please excuse the delay.
Please excuse the mess.
Please excuse us a moment.
Please excuse us for a minute.
Please excuse us for a second.
Please exercise every caution against cowboy salesmen of water purifiers and fraudulent-test sales.
Please exit on the left side of the train.
Please exit on the right side of the train.
Please exit on your left.
Please explain how this works.
Please explain how to get there.
Please explain how to take the medicine.
Please explain how you did it.
Please explain how you did that.
Please explain in detail.
Please explain it in a way that's easier to understand.
Please explain it more simply.
Please explain it to me again.
Please explain it to me later.
Please explain it.
Please explain that.
Please explain the delay.
Please explain the grammar of 'as may be'.
Please explain the grammar of ’as may be’.
Please explain the procedure.
Please explain the reason why she was arrested.
Please explain the rule to me.
Please explain the rules of football to me.
Please explain the rules of soccer to me.
Please explain the rules to me.
Please explain the situation to me.
Please explain this sentence to me.
Please explain this to me.
Please explain to me how you did that.
Please explain to me what you wish to say by this.
Please explain what happened.
Please explain what needs to be done.
Please explain what's at stake.
Please explain what's happening here.
Please explain why it is that you can't come.
Please explain why it is that you can’t come.
Please explain why this happens.
Please explain why you can't come.
Please explain why you can’t come.
Please explain.
Please extend my apologies to Tom.
Please extend this visa.
Please face the camera in profile.
Please face the front of the room.
Please fasten seatbelt.
Please fasten your seat belt and observe the "no smoking" sign until it is turned off.
Please fasten your seat belt during takeoff and landing.
Please fasten your seat belt.
Please fasten your seat belts and prepare for departure.
Please fasten your seat belts, and kindly refrain from smoking.
Please fasten your seat belts.
Please fasten your seatbelt.
Please fasten your seatbelts.
Please fax it to me.
Please fax me the application form.
Please fax the application form to me.
Please feed the cat.
Please feed the dog every day.
Please feed the dog.
Please feel free to ask a question at any time.
Please feel free to ask any questions.
Please feel free to ask me any question.
Please feel free to ask me questions.
Please feel free to ask questions.
Please feel free to call me up.
Please feel free to contact me for details about the meeting or the schedule.
Please feel free to contact me if you have any questions or concerns.
Please feel free to correct my grammar.
Please feel free to correct my mistakes.
Please feel free to do that.
Please feel free to eat anything in the fridge.
Please feel free to eat anything in the refrigerator.
Please feel free to eat anything that's in the refrigerator.
Please feel free to express any concerns frankly; this will not count against you.
Please feel free to express yourself.
Please feel free to have a second helping.
Please feel free to have anything in the fridge.
Please feel free to help yourself to anything in the fridge.
Please feel free to join in.
Please feel free to link to my page.
Please feel free to make a suggestion.
Please feel free to make suggestions.
Please feel free to stay as long as you like.
Please feel free to stay as long as you want to.
Please feel free to stay as long as you want.
Please feel free to take a look.
Please feel free to use my dictionary.
Please fetch me a chair from the next room.
Please fetch me a piece of paper.
Please figure out how much all of this will cost us?
Please file a written request.
Please fill in the application form and send it back by November 2nd.
Please fill in the form.
Please fill in the letters.
Please fill in the written form with a blue or a black ball point pen.
Please fill in this application form.
Please fill in this form first.
Please fill in this form.
Please fill in using block letters.
Please fill in your current address here.
Please fill in your name and address on this form.
Please fill out the Customs Declaration Form.
Please fill out the attached application form.
Please fill out the attached job application form.
Please fill out the following questionnaire.
Please fill out the form below to start chatting with the next available agent.
Please fill out the form below without leaving anything out.
Please fill out the form below.
Please fill out the whole form below without leaving anything out.
Please fill out the whole form below.
Please fill out these forms.
Please fill out this 7-question questionnaire.
Please fill out this application form.
Please fill out this form and wait for us to notify you.
Please fill out this form first.
Please fill out this form.
Please fill out this questionnaire and send it to us.
Please fill out this questionnaire.
Please fill out your current address here.
Please fill the bath half full.
Please fill the bottle with water.
Please fill the bucket up with sand.
Please fill the bucket up with water.
Please fill the form in.
Please fill the teapot with boiling water.
Please fill this bottle with water.
Please fill this bucket with water.
Please fill this water bottle.
Please fill up the bottle with water.
Please fill up the front.
Please film this.
Please finally understand that I don't love you!
Please find Tom.
Please find a granule of decency within you and call the attack off.
Please find a solution to the problem.
Please find attached the VAT invoice for your recent purchase.
Please find attached the information you requested.
Please find enclosed my CV.
Please find enclosed my resumÃ©.
Please find enclosed my resumé.
Please find her.
Please find him.
Please find me my overcoat.
Please find me my wallet.
Please find out what Tom and Mary are planning on doing.
Please find out what Tom and Mary are planning to do.
Please find out what Tom and Mary plan on doing.
Please find out what Tom and Mary plan to do.
Please find out what Tom and Mary want us to do.
Please find out what Tom is planning on doing.
Please find out what Tom is planning to do.
Please find out what Tom plans on doing.
Please find out what Tom plans to do.
Please find out what Tom wants us to do.
Please find out when Tom and Mary plan on doing that.
Please find out when Tom and Mary plan on staying here with us.
Please find out when Tom and Mary plan to be here.
Please find out when Tom and Mary plan to do that.
Please find out when Tom and Mary plan to stay here with us.
Please find out when Tom and Mary want to do that.
Please find out when Tom and Mary want us to do that.
Please find out when Tom plans on doing that.
Please find out when Tom plans on staying here with us.
Please find out when Tom plans to be here.
Please find out when Tom plans to do that.
Please find out when Tom plans to stay here with us.
Please find out when Tom wants to do that.
Please find out when Tom wants us to do that.
Please find out where he is.
Please find out where she is.
Please find out who did this.
Please find some hotel where the rates are moderate.
Please find someone else for the job.
Please find someone who speaks French.
Please find the area of the triangle.
Please find the solution.
Please find them.
Please find us a table for two people.
Please finish it.
Please finish talking.
Please finish the chocolate cake.
Please finish the work at once.
Please finish this today if possible.
Please fix it.
Please fix my toy.
Please fix that.
Please fix the iron.
Please fix this.
Please flush after pooping.
Please flush the toilet.
Please focus on the road.
Please fold the towels.
Please fold your clothes.
Please follow me outside.
Please follow me, Tom.
Please follow me.
Please follow me. I'll show you how to get there.
Please follow my advice.
Please follow my finger without moving your head.
Please follow the instructions.
Please follow the nurse's directions.
Please follow the nurse’s directions.
Please follow the right hand path.
Please follow the school rules.
Please follow the treatment given by the hospital.
Please forget I called.
Please forget I said anything.
Please forget I said that.
Please forget about the orienteering that you did at that outdoors school. Well, actually, you don't have to forget it, but the orienteering that we're doing here is completely different.
Please forget about this.
Please forget it.
Please forget this, for the love of God.
Please forget to put punctuation and capital letters.
Please forget what I just said.
Please forget what we talked about earlier.
Please forgive Tom.
Please forgive me asking such a personal question.
Please forgive me for being late.
Please forgive me for being so clumsy.
Please forgive me for being so late in writing this.
Please forgive me for butchering the pronunciation.
Please forgive me for doing that.
Please forgive me for forgetting to call you.
Please forgive me for lying to you.
Please forgive me for my poor handwriting.
Please forgive me for not answering your letter.
Please forgive me for not having written for a long time.
Please forgive me for not having written sooner.
Please forgive me for not having written to you earlier.
Please forgive me for not writing sooner.
Please forgive me for opening your letter by mistake.
Please forgive me for telling a lie.
Please forgive me!
Please forgive me, Tom.
Please forgive me, but I guess you are the biggest asshole that one can imagine.
Please forgive me.
Please forgive me. I didn't mean to be rude.
Please forgive my asking such a personal question.
Please forgive my error.
Please forgive my impertinence.
Please forgive my impoliteness in sending you suddenly such a strange letter.
Please forgive my son.
Please forgive my terrible German.
Please forgive the trespass of thy handmaid.
Please forgive us.
Please form an orderly queue.
Please forward my mail to this address.
Please forward the document to the administrative office for review.
Please forward the message below to share this petition with your friends and family.
Please forward this message along with the seminar information to the appropriate managers in your firm.
Please forward this to as many people as possible.
Please free the captured birds.
Please freeze the fish and meat.
Please fuck me, I can't resist any longer.
Please gather some brushwood.
Please gather ten minutes before the start time at ten o'clock tomorrow.
Please get Miss Suzuki on the phone.
Please get Tom Jackson on the phone.
Please get Tom and Mary to do that for you.
Please get Tom to do that for you.
Please get Tom.
Please get a chair for Tom to sit on.
Please get a chair for Tom.
Please get a lot of pencils.
Please get a piece of paper.
Please get a sheet of paper.
Please get all of your junk out of this room.
Please get all your stuff out of this room.
Please get away from me.
Please get back at the topic at hand.
Please get back to me as soon as possible.
Please get back to work.
Please get comfortable.
Please get down.
Please get dressed.
Please get her.
Please get here as quickly as you can.
Please get here as soon as you can.
Please get here at least fifteen minutes before the concert starts.
Please get here at least fifteen minutes before the meeting starts.
Please get here with the ambulance quickly. Hurry up!
Please get him.
Please get home before dark.
Please get home safely.
Please get in line and wait your turn.
Please get in line.
Please get in touch with me as soon as you arrive in Australia.
Please get in touch with me as soon as you arrive in Boston.
Please get in touch with me as soon as you get to Australia.
Please get in touch with me as soon as you get to Boston.
Please get in touch with me when you are here.
Please get in touch with me when you come to Australia.
Please get in touch with me when you come to Boston.
Please get in touch with me when you come to Tokyo.
Please get in.
Please get into the bath.
Please get into the car.
Please get it over with quickly.
Please get it.
Please get me a glass of water.
Please get me a pillow.
Please get me a pretty girl.
Please get me a scrap of paper.
Please get me a taxi.
Please get me a ticket.
Please get me another beer.
Please get me hotel security.
Please get me my coat.
Please get me out of here.
Please get me some paper towels.
Please get me something to drink.
Please get me something to eat.
Please get my account ready by tonight.
Please get off my land.
Please get off my porch.
Please get off my property.
Please get off the couch.
Please get out and vote.
Please get out immediately.
Please get out of here as quickly as you can.
Please get out of here immediately.
Please get out of here.
Please get out of my car.
Please get out of my house.
Please get out of my office immediately.
Please get out of my way.
Please get out of the car, sir.
Please get out of the car.
Please get out of the kitchen.
Please get out of the pool.
Please get out of the way so this lady can get through.
Please get out of the way.
Please get out the homework.
Please get out.
Please get plenty of sleep the day before donating blood.
Please get ready to leave.
Please get rid of the dead leaves.
Please get some milk with you when you come to see me.
Please get somewhere safe.
Please get that for me.
Please get the car inspected.
Please get the clothes in before it rains.
Please get the spare room ready for our guest.
Please get them.
Please get there as fast as you can.
Please get there as soon as you can.
Please get these letters off right away.
Please get these papers out of the way.
Please get these people out of here.
Please get this work finished by Monday.
Please get to the point.
Please get to work.
Please get to your point, Ziri.
Please get up.
Please get us some help.
Please get whatever you like.
Please get your facts right.
Please get your facts straight.
Please get your junk out of this room.
Please get your report to me as soon as possible.
Please gift-wrap this.
Please give Mary everything she asks for.
Please give Mary what she needs.
Please give Tom a chance.
Please give Tom a job.
Please give Tom all these toys.
Please give Tom another chance, OK?
Please give Tom everything he asks for.
Please give Tom my apologies.
Please give Tom my best.
Please give Tom something to eat.
Please give Tom this book.
Please give Tom what he needs.
Please give all these toys to Tom.
Please give an example of usage.
Please give an example.
Please give each other a hug.
Please give generously.
Please give her a chance.
Please give her a fluoride treatment.
Please give him a call.
Please give him a chance.
Please give him a dose of medicine every six hours.
Please give him a fluoride treatment.
Please give him a job, Mr Wood.
Please give him detailed and specific directions.
Please give him my best regards.
Please give him my regards.
Please give him the message when he comes back.
Please give him the news when he comes back.
Please give him this table.
Please give it a check, then hand in the examination paper.
Please give it a quick skim.
Please give it a try.
Please give me a Band-Aid and some medicine.
Please give me a Dagens Nyheter, too.
Please give me a bigger discount.
Please give me a blanket.
Please give me a book.
Please give me a break.
Please give me a call when you get there.
Please give me a call.
Please give me a chance to be your boyfriend.
Please give me a chance to explain.
Please give me a chance.
Please give me a coffee.
Please give me a cookie.
Please give me a couple of slices of bread.
Please give me a cup of coffee.
Please give me a cup of milk.
Please give me a cup of tea.
Please give me a cup of water.
Please give me a cupful of rice.
Please give me a day or two.
Please give me a definite answer.
Please give me a different pillow.
Please give me a discount.
Please give me a dozen cream puffs.
Please give me a drink.
Please give me a few minutes.
Please give me a glass of beer.
Please give me a glass of milk.
Please give me a glass of water.
Please give me a haircut.
Please give me a hamburger.
Please give me a hand with my homework.
Please give me a hand with my job.
Please give me a hand.
Please give me a hint.
Please give me a hug.
Please give me a job.
Please give me a large bowl of rice.
Please give me a large serving of rice.
Please give me a lift home.
Please give me a lift.
Please give me a little bit.
Please give me a little more chocolate.
Please give me a little more tea.
Please give me a little more time to consider that.
Please give me a little more time to think about it.
Please give me a little more time.
Please give me a magazine.
Please give me a map of the town.
Please give me a minute to explain.
Please give me a minute.
Please give me a moment of your time!
Please give me a painkiller.
Please give me a pen and some pieces of paper.
Please give me a pen and some sheets of paper.
Please give me a pencil and some sheets of paper.
Please give me a photo of you.
Please give me a piece of bread.
Please give me a piece of paper to write on.
Please give me a pillow and a blanket.
Please give me a pound of meat.
Please give me a receipt.
Please give me a ride.
Please give me a ring this evening.
Please give me a round-trip ticket to Chicago.
Please give me a second chance.
Please give me a sheet of paper.
Please give me a shot at that.
Please give me a smile.
Please give me a soft towel.
Please give me a spare blanket.
Please give me a spool of white thread.
Please give me a ticket for the seven o'clock show.
Please give me a ticket for the seven o’clock show.
Please give me a towel.
Please give me a visa.
Please give me a wake-up call at eight o'clock.
Please give me all these.
Please give me all those.
Please give me an apple.
Please give me an ashtray.
Please give me an envelope.
Please give me an example.
Please give me an extra pillow.
Please give me another chance.
Please give me another cup of coffee.
Please give me another pillow.
Please give me another towel.
Please give me back my book.
Please give me back my money.
Please give me back my pen.
Please give me batteries for a camera.
Please give me constructive feedback.
Please give me help in taking this down.
Please give me her address.
Please give me leave to go home.
Please give me medicine for motion sickness.
Please give me money.
Please give me more examples of this.
Please give me my bag.
Please give me my belongings back.
Please give me my book back.
Please give me my glasses.
Please give me my medicine.
Please give me my purse.
Please give me one 80-yen stamp.
Please give me one last chance.
Please give me one more chance.
Please give me one more of these.
Please give me one more shot.
Please give me one of these.
Please give me one of those.
Please give me one without candied fruit.
Please give me one, too.
Please give me one.
Please give me paper for writing.
Please give me salt and pepper.
Please give me salt.
Please give me some advice on what I should do.
Please give me some advice.
Please give me some airsickness medicine.
Please give me some analgesic.
Please give me some coffee.
Please give me some credit.
Please give me some hints.
Please give me some ice for the water.
Please give me some kind of medicine to curb the pain.
Please give me some latitude this time.
Please give me some money so I can do that.
Please give me some money.
Please give me some more bread.
Please give me some more butter.
Please give me some more coffee.
Please give me some more water.
Please give me some of these.
Please give me some of those.
Please give me some orange juice.
Please give me some paper I can write on.
Please give me some salt.
Please give me some strong coffee as well.
Please give me some time to think about it.
Please give me some time to think.
Please give me some water.
Please give me something cold to drink.
Please give me something cold.
Please give me something for this headache.
Please give me something hot to drink.
Please give me something to drink.
Please give me something to eat!
Please give me something to eat.
Please give me something to eat. I am so hungry.
Please give me something to kill the pain.
Please give me that book.
Please give me that one.
Please give me that.
Please give me the book.
Please give me the brochures!
Please give me the cheaper one.
Please give me the clothes pegs.
Please give me the correct answer.
Please give me the details of the accident.
Please give me the dictionary.
Please give me the exact address.
Please give me the letter.
Please give me the menu.
Please give me the money in twenty-dollar bills.
Please give me the newspaper when you've finished reading it.
Please give me the number for Mr Brown.
Please give me the number for Mr. Brown.
Please give me the opportunity to prove that I can be the partner you deserve.
Please give me the paper when you have done with it.
Please give me the paper when you have finished with it.
Please give me the plate of potatoes.
Please give me the same thing.
Please give me this and this.
Please give me this book.
Please give me this money.
Please give me this one and that one.
Please give me this one and this one.
Please give me this one and those three.
Please give me this pen.
Please give me this.
Please give me three of each kind.
Please give me three of these.
Please give me three pieces of chalk.
Please give me three tickets for the concert.
Please give me two hot dogs with mustard and ketchup.
Please give me two more of the red carnations.
Please give me what I want.
Please give me your answer by return.
Please give me your attention.
Please give me your credit card.
Please give me your full name. "Tom Miller."
Please give me your hand.
Please give me your honest opinion.
Please give me your name and address.
Please give me your name card.
Please give me your number.
Please give me your permanent address.
Please give me your phone number.
Please give me your picture lest I forget how you look.
Please give me your picture so I don't forget how you look.
Please give me your real name.
Please give my bag to me.
Please give my best regards to Judy.
Please give my best regards to Tom.
Please give my best regards to him.
Please give my best regards to your husband.
Please give my best regards to your mother.
Please give my best regards to your parents.
Please give my best thanks to her.
Please give my best to the entire family.
Please give my book back to me.
Please give my compliments to the chef.
Please give my kind regards to your parents.
Please give my kindest regards to your mother.
Please give my proposal one more chance.
Please give my regards to your family.
Please give my regards to your father.
Please give my regards to your mother.
Please give my regards to your parents.
Please give one of these to whoever wants one.
Please give that back to me.
Please give that building to my daughter.
Please give that to me.
Please give the baby a bath.
Please give the dog a bath.
Please give them a chance.
Please give these to me.
Please give this book to Tom.
Please give this book to me.
Please give this box to Tom.
Please give this envelope to Tom when he comes.
Please give this note to Tom.
Please give this package to Tom when you see him.
Please give this pen to me.
Please give this team a round of applause.
Please give this to Tom.
Please give this to her.
Please give this to him.
Please give this to me.
Please give this to them.
Please give this to us.
Please give up smoking.
Please give us a 20-30 min. time slot for our presentation.
Please give us a break.
Please give us a call now if you want to participate in the workshop!
Please give us a call now if you want to participate in the workshop.
Please give us a chance.
Please give us a day or two.
Please give us a heads-up next time.
Please give us a little more tea.
Please give us a little more time.
Please give us all of your money.
Please give us another chance.
Please give us one more chance.
Please give us our money back.
Please give us room.
Please give us some examples.
Please give us some insight.
Please give us some latitude this time.
Please give us some space.
Please give us something hot to drink.
Please give us three references.
Please give us your answer as soon as possible.
Please give us your help.
Please give us your side of the story.
Please give you your email address.
Please give your mother my best regards.
Please give your mother my regards.
Please glue these parts together.
Please glue these two parts together.
Please go a bit faster.
Please go a little faster.
Please go a little further.
Please go ahead and do that.
Please go ahead and give us questions!
Please go ahead and take a look at your leisure.
Please go ahead of me, because I have something to do.
Please go ahead without me.
Please go ahead.
Please go and buy some bread.
Please go and get me three pieces of chalk.
Please go and see who it is.
Please go and take a look.
Please go around to the side of the house.
Please go at the most convenient time for you.
Please go away and stop annoying me.
Please go away!
Please go away.
Please go back and verify that you entered your information correctly, try again, or use a different authentication method instead.
Please go back inside the house.
Please go back inside.
Please go back to sleep.
Please go back to your seats.
Please go faster.
Please go get help.
Please go get some serviettes.
Please go help Tom.
Please go help her.
Please go help them.
Please go home and practice, practice, practice.
Please go home.
Please go into the room.
Please go now, both of you!
Please go now.
Please go on a date with me.
Please go on ahead.
Please go on with your dinner.
Please go on with your story.
Please go on with your study.
Please go on.
Please go out with me.
Please go outside and find out what's happening.
Please go outside, shut the door, and then you can argue to your heart's content.
Please go over the script.
Please go right away.
Please go slower.
Please go straight ahead.
Please go straight.
Please go swimming with me.
Please go there and come back!
Please go there without delay.
Please go to Boston.
Please go to San Francisco.
Please go to school.
Please go to the Surgery Department.
Please go to the airport.
Please go to the bank.
Please go to the bench.
Please go to the following page and choose a new password.
Please go to the next page.
Please go to the playground to play.
Please go to the supermarket to buy some fruit.
Please go tomorrow.
Please go up to the third floor.
Please go with Tom.
Please go with us.
Please go!
Please go.
Please grab my tits really hard.
Please grate cheese over the spaghetti.
Please grind your teeth from left to right.
Please hand in the exercise book on Monday.
Please hand in the necessary papers.
Please hand in the papers at the entrance.
Please hand in the report by the end of the month.
Please hand in your brain; you won't be needing it.
Please hand in your homework before the end of the month.
Please hand in your homework.
Please hand in your papers by the end of the month.
Please hand in your papers by the last day of this month.
Please hand it in at reception.
Please hand me a sheet of paper.
Please hand me my cane.
Please hand me my coat?
Please hand me that bag.
Please hand me that pen.
Please hand me that pencil.
Please hand me that red pen.
Please hand me the bottle opener.
Please hand me the dictionary.
Please hand me the newspaper.
Please hand me those scissors.
Please hand out the documents.
Please hand that bag to me.
Please hand that pen to me.
Please hand this in at reception.
Please hand this in at the front desk.
Please hand your papers in now.
Please handle it with the utmost care.
Please handle the CDs gently.
Please handle with care.
Please handwrite the answers.
Please hang on. I'll put him on the phone.
Please hang on. I’ll put him on the phone.
Please hang onto the strap.
Please hang out with me.
Please hang up and the operator will call you back.
Please hang up your aprons and dish towels after using them.
Please hang up your towel after using it.
Please hang your clothes over here.
Please hang your coat in the anteroom.
Please hang your coat in the closet.
Please hang your coat on the hook behind the door.
Please haul on the rope.
Please have Tom call me.
Please have Tom do that for me.
Please have Tom wait until I get there.
Please have a bath.
Please have a date with me.
Please have a drink.
Please have a look at this book.
Please have a seat and wait until your name is called.
Please have a seat here.
Please have a seat! How can I help you?
Please have a seat, Tom.
Please have a seat, Ziri.
Please have a seat.
Please have a second helping.
Please have a try.
Please have dinner ready to eat when I get home.
Please have dinner with me tonight.
Please have it finished by this time tomorrow.
Please have mercy on me.
Please have more figs.
Please have my baggage brought to the station.
Please have one of these oranges.
Please have patience.
Please have pity on a poor blind man!
Please have some biscuits.
Please have some cake.
Please have some cookies.
Please have some copies made.
Please have some orange juice.
Please have some pie.
Please have somebody else do that.
Please have someone else do it.
Please have someone else do that.
Please have the maid carry it to my room.
Please have the porter take the baggage to our room.
Please have this thief arrested.
Please have your ID ready.
Please have your boarding pass and identification ready.
Please have your boarding pass ready. Thank you.
Please have your documents ready for passport control.
Please have your traveller's cheque serial numbers to hand.
Please hear Tom's story out!
Please hear me out.
Please heat the milk.
Please heat the water.
Please heed my warning and do not go hiking in those woods.
Please help Tom and me.
Please help Tom as much as possible.
Please help Tom do that after supper.
Please help Tom get out of the rowboat.
Please help Tom hang up the laundry.
Please help Tom.
Please help conserve water.
Please help feed birds during the winter.
Please help her.
Please help him!
Please help him.
Please help if you can.
Please help me carry these boxes.
Please help me choose a hat that goes with my new dress.
Please help me choose a hat to match my new dress.
Please help me clean the house.
Please help me clean the living room.
Please help me cook.
Please help me cut up vegetables for the salad.
Please help me distribute these pamphlets to visitors.
Please help me do that.
Please help me do this.
Please help me escape.
Please help me fill out this form.
Please help me find Tom.
Please help me find a job.
Please help me find my mom.
Please help me find my mother.
Please help me find my stallion.
Please help me fold the blankets.
Please help me fold these blankets.
Please help me for a moment.
Please help me gain a deeper understanding of myself.
Please help me get a taxi.
Please help me get ready for this class.
Please help me get the mouse.
Please help me get this class ready.
Please help me get up.
Please help me hand out these pamphlets.
Please help me hand these pamphlets out.
Please help me hang up the laundry.
Please help me if you can.
Please help me in the kitchen.
Please help me in welcoming Tom.
Please help me learn Berber.
Please help me make my dreams come true.
Please help me move this desk.
Please help me open this door.
Please help me paint my house.
Please help me pick out a hat which matches my new dress.
Please help me pick out a sweater which matches my new dress.
Please help me prepare for this class.
Please help me prepare the food.
Please help me prepare this class.
Please help me remember their names.
Please help me roll up this carpet.
Please help me solve this problem.
Please help me stand up.
Please help me take this down.
Please help me take this lid off.
Please help me tidy up the living room.
Please help me to become a good Muslim.
Please help me to bring my suitcase down from the luggage rack.
Please help me to get my children back.
Please help me translate this document.
Please help me up.
Please help me welcome Mr. Nomura.
Please help me with my Berber.
Please help me with my homework.
Please help me with these suitcases.
Please help me with this heavy baggage.
Please help me with this.
Please help me!
Please help me! That doesn't help very much at all!
Please help me.
Please help me. I don't know what I'm doing.
Please help me. I don't understand what I'm doing.
Please help me. I'm being kidnapped.
Please help me. I'm dying.
Please help the injured person.
Please help them!
Please help them.
Please help us to get our children back.
Please help us track this card.
Please help us.
Please help yourself to a piece of cake.
Please help yourself to a slice of pizza.
Please help yourself to any food you like.
Please help yourself to anything in the refrigerator.
Please help yourself to anything you like.
Please help yourself to more cake.
Please help yourself to some apple pie.
Please help yourself to some apple pie. I baked it for you.
Please help yourself to some biscuits.
Please help yourself to some cake.
Please help yourself to some candy.
Please help yourself to some cookies.
Please help yourself to some fruit.
Please help yourself to some more cake.
Please help yourself to the apple pie.
Please help yourself to the cake.
Please help yourself to the cakes.
Please help yourself to the chocolate cake.
Please help yourself to the cookies.
Please help yourself to the desserts.
Please help yourself to the fruit.
Please help yourself to the pizza.
Please help yourself to the salad.
Please help yourself to the sweets.
Please help yourself to these cakes.
Please help yourself to whatever you like.
Please help yourself.
Please help yourself. Enjoy your meal!
Please help yourselves to anything you like.
Please help yourselves to drinks.
Please help yourselves to more cake.
Please help yourselves to some cake.
Please help yourselves to some cookies.
Please help yourselves to some fruit.
Please help yourselves to some more cake.
Please help yourselves to something to eat.
Please help yourselves to the drinks.
Please help yourselves to whatever you like.
Please help yourselves.
Please help yourselves. There's enough potato salad for everyone.
Please help!
Please help.
Please hide the blueberry jam where Takako can't see it.
Please hide the blueberry jam where Takako can’t see it.
Please hire me.
Please hold a moment. I will see if he is back.
Please hold down the fort until we get back.
Please hold for a moment while I check on that.
Please hold for an important message.
Please hold it tightly.
Please hold me in your arms.
Please hold my place in line.
Please hold on a moment.
Please hold on tight.
Please hold on to the strap.
Please hold on.
Please hold still.
Please hold the bicycle for me.
Please hold the door open for me.
Please hold the door open.
Please hold the doors open.
Please hold the elevator.
Please hold the line a moment.
Please hold the line so as not to lose your place in the queue.
Please hold the line.
Please hold the pants for a moment.
Please hold this bag.
Please hold this candle for me.
Please hold this for me.
Please hold this ladder steady.
Please hold this.
Please hold while I have someone check our records room.
Please hold your applause.
Please hold your bat by the end of its handle.
Please hold your tongue.
Please hold.
Please hug your moms, everyone.
Please hurry and finish the prospectus.
Please hurry it up.
Please hurry up and evacuate to a high place.
Please hurry up!
Please hurry up.
Please hurry!
Please hurry! Tom and Mary are waiting.
Please hurry! Tom is waiting.
Please hurry, it's urgent.
Please hurry, it’s urgent.
Please hurry, the bus is leaving already.
Please hurry.
Please hurry. I don't have all night.
Please hurry. We're late already.
Please hurry: I need a rest.
Please identify yourself.
Please identify yourselves.
Please ignore my comments above.
Please ignore this fact.
Please ignore this message if you have already paid for it.
Please ignore this.
Please include a self-addressed, stamped envelope with your submission.
Please include lots of small change.
Please indicate what action you will take.
Please indicate whether you prefer option A or option B.
Please inform Tom.
Please inform her.
Please inform him.
Please inform me if the faucet starts leaking again.
Please inform me of any change in his condition.
Please inform me of any changes in the situation.
Please inform me of the plan ahead of time.
Please inform me of your absence in advance.
Please inform me what options are available to me.
Please inform me when to start.
Please inform them.
Please inform us as to what quantity you can deliver at regular intervals.
Please inform us of the situation.
Please inform us of your presence.
Please initial and send back to us.
Please input your PIN number.
Please insert a coin.
Please insert a word or phrase.
Please insert your card.
Please install the towel rack here.
Please instruct the patient to visit a clinician.
Please interpret my strange dreams.
Please introduce me to Tom.
Please introduce me to a cute girl.
Please introduce me to her.
Please introduce me to him.
Please introduce me to the attractive girl who is talking with Tom.
Please introduce me to them.
Please introduce me to your friend.
Please introduce me to your friends.
Please introduce me to your new friends.
Please introduce your family.
Please introduce yourself, sir. What's your profession?
Please introduce yourself, sir. What’s your profession?
Please introduce yourself.
Please introduce yourselves.
Please invite me the next time you have a party.
Please invite me to your wedding.
Please invite us out to dinner.
Please iron the shirt.
Please iron these shirts.
Please iron this shirt.
Please iron this.
Please join me in a moment of silence for the dead.
Please join me in welcoming Dr Smith to our team.
Please join me.
Please join the two ends of the tape together.
Please join us again on Monday.
Please join us in celebrating our wedding anniversary.
Please join us.
Please join.
Please just answer the question. We don't have time.
Please just answer the question. We haven't got time.
Please just calm down, OK?
Please just calm down, okay?
Please just do everything I do.
Please just don't give me such difficult questions.
Please just don't hurt me anymore.
Please just focus it.
Please just get here.
Please just get on a plane and come to Boston.
Please just get out of my way.
Please just get out of the way.
Please just give it to me.
Please just give us a chance.
Please just give us a few minutes.
Please just go away.
Please just leave me alone.
Please just leave me alone. I want to think.
Please just leave us alone.
Please just leave.
Please just let me help you.
Please just listen to me.
Please just listen.
Please just make sure that doesn't happen.
Please just relax and enjoy yourselves.
Please just stop coming uninvited for the time being.
Please just take it.
Please just take me home.
Please just tell me what Tom said.
Please just tell me what it is you want to do.
Please just tell me what they say.
Please just tell me what you want.
Please just tell me what's going on.
Please just tell me what's happening.
Please just tell us the truth.
Please just wait here.
Please keep a leash on your dog.
Please keep all windows and doors open during an exam.
Please keep all your receipts.
Please keep an eye on Tom.
Please keep an eye on my equipment.
Please keep an eye on my kids.
Please keep an eye on my suitcase.
Please keep an eye on that.
Please keep an eye on this.
Please keep an eye on your brother while I'm out.
Please keep an open mind.
Please keep from breaking the eggs.
Please keep going.
Please keep hands and legs in the vehicle at all times.
Please keep in mind that I'm not just a faceless entity behind a screen! I'm a person too no matter the mode I communicate from.
Please keep in mind that the proper tag to add to incorrect sentences is "@change" and not "change". Only with the right tag corpus maintainers will be informed.
Please keep in mind that we have to be with other students.
Please keep in touch.
Please keep it a secret.
Please keep it secret.
Please keep it under your hat.
Please keep me close in your chest.
Please keep me company.
Please keep me in your memory forever.
Please keep me informed about whatever happens in my absence.
Please keep me informed of the development of the case.
Please keep me informed of the matter.
Please keep me informed of what is happening there.
Please keep me informed of whatever happens in my absence.
Please keep me informed.
Please keep me out of your drama.
Please keep me posted.
Please keep me updated on how your exam went.
Please keep me updated.
Please keep my family safe.
Please keep my place in line.
Please keep my place in the queue.
Please keep my place in this line.
Please keep my secret!
Please keep my secret.
Please keep on working even when I'm not here.
Please keep out of reach of children.
Please keep out of the reach of children.
Please keep quiet, so you don't wake the baby up.
Please keep quiet, so you don’t wake the baby up.
Please keep quiet.
Please keep showing up!
Please keep that secret.
Please keep the bathroom clean.
Please keep the change.
Please keep the children busy.
Please keep the classroom tidy.
Please keep the door closed to prevent drafts.
Please keep the door closed.
Please keep the door open.
Please keep the fire burning.
Please keep the fire from going out.
Please keep the line alive.
Please keep the swearing to a minimum.
Please keep the toilet clean.
Please keep the windows closed.
Please keep the windows open.
Please keep this a secret.
Please keep this book at hand.
Please keep this confidential.
Please keep this door locked.
Please keep this door open.
Please keep this fact in mind.
Please keep this for me.
Please keep this information to yourself.
Please keep this money for me.
Please keep this news to yourself for a while.
Please keep this private.
Please keep this secret.
Please keep this to yourself.
Please keep trying to do your best.
Please keep two chevrons between you and the car in front.
Please keep up the excellent work.
Please keep up the good work.
Please keep us in the loop.
Please keep us in your prayers.
Please keep us informed.
Please keep us updated.
Please keep your back straight and relax your body.
Please keep your belongings and clothing clear of the doors.
Please keep your comments brief.
Please keep your cynical remarks to yourself.
Please keep your dog on a leash.
Please keep your eye on my child.
Please keep your eyes wide open!
Please keep your hand to yourself.
Please keep your language decent while my parents are here.
Please keep your ludicrous accusations to yourself in future.
Please keep your personal items organized in the bathroom.
Please keep your phone on.
Please keep your questions coming.
Please keep your voice down.
Please keep your voice low for not disturbing those who are quietly reading or studying.
Please keep your voices down.
Please keep yourself clean.
Please keep yourselves calm.
Please kick as hard as you can.
Please kill me.
Please kill that fly.
Please kill the lights.
Please kiss off camera.
Please knock before entering.
Please knock before you come in.
Please knock on the door before you enter.
Please knock on the door.
Please know that I'll always hold you accountable for all the suffering you've been putting your own family through over the years.
Please laugh!
Please lay down your coat.
Please lead me to Ho Chi Minh Open University!
Please learn to spell your teachers' names.
Please leash your dogs.
Please leave Tom alone.
Please leave Ziri alone.
Please leave a comment below.
Please leave a message after the beep and I will get back to you as soon as possible.
Please leave a message after the beep and I'll get back to you as soon as possible.
Please leave a message after the beep or drop some candies in our mailbox.
Please leave a message after the beep.
Please leave a message after the tone.
Please leave a message and we'll get back to you.
Please leave a message on my answering machine.
Please leave a message on my answerphone.
Please leave a message on the answering machine.
Please leave a message on the answerphone.
Please leave a message.
Please leave a message. I'll call you back.
Please leave a urine sample in this cup.
Please leave and let me be happy.
Please leave as quietly as you can.
Please leave everything to me.
Please leave everything to us.
Please leave her alone.
Please leave him alone.
Please leave immediately.
Please leave me alone!
Please leave me alone.
Please leave me alone. I am busy.
Please leave me alone. I'm busy.
Please leave my house.
Please leave my things alone.
Please leave my things as they are.
Please leave next Saturday afternoon free.
Please leave nothing behind.
Please leave now and close the door on your way out.
Please leave now.
Please leave right away.
Please leave some money.
Please leave that out of this video.
Please leave that windshield alone.
Please leave the building.
Please leave the door open on your way out.
Please leave the door open.
Please leave the door unlocked.
Please leave the floor.
Please leave the light on.
Please leave the lights off.
Please leave the lights on.
Please leave the notebooks on the table as they are.
Please leave the room now.
Please leave the room.
Please leave the windows closed.
Please leave the windows open.
Please leave them alone.
Please leave this place as clean as you would like to find it.
Please leave this place the way you found it.
Please leave this room.
Please leave us alone!
Please leave us alone.
Please leave us.
Please leave your comments here.
Please leave your message at the sound of the beep.
Please leave your message on my answering machine.
Please leave.
Please lend it to me.
Please lend me a pair of scissors.
Please lend me some money.
Please lend me ten cents.
Please lend me that book after you've finished reading it.
Please lend me that book.
Please lend me that.
Please lend me the book when you have finished reading it.
Please lend me the car.
Please lend me the dictionary when you are through with it.
Please lend me the video when you have seen it.
Please lend me thirty dollars.
Please lend me this book for a few days.
Please lend me this book.
Please lend me this pen.
Please lend me your book.
Please lend me your car.
Please lend me your dictionary for a minute.
Please lend me your dictionary.
Please lend me your knife.
Please lend me your pen.
Please lend that to me.
Please lend this book to me for a few days.
Please lend this book to me.
Please lend your car to me.
Please let Mary do her job.
Please let Mary do whatever she wants to do.
Please let Tom and Mary do whatever they want to do.
Please let Tom do his job.
Please let Tom do whatever he wants to do.
Please let Tom sleep a little longer.
Please let Tom wait here a bit.
Please let Tom win.
Please let go of me.
Please let go of my arm.
Please let go of my arm. You're hurting me.
Please let go of my arm. You’re hurting me.
Please let go of my hand.
Please let go of the rope.
Please let go.
Please let him come at once.
Please let him know that his wife is here.
Please let him speak.
Please let in some fresh air.
Please let me answer one question at a time.
Please let me back in.
Please let me buy that for you.
Please let me carry your bag.
Please let me come with you.
Please let me deal with this.
Please let me die.
Please let me die. I'm tired.
Please let me do it again.
Please let me do it.
Please let me do that for you.
Please let me do that.
Please let me do the washing.
Please let me do this my own way.
Please let me do this my way.
Please let me drive your new Toyota, too.
Please let me drive your new Toyota.
Please let me drive your new car, too.
Please let me drive your new car.
Please let me eat in peace.
Please let me explain.
Please let me finish.
Please let me fix that for you.
Please let me get back to you.
Please let me get off here.
Please let me go and see Tom.
Please let me go and see her.
Please let me go and see him.
Please let me go and see them.
Please let me go back to sleep.
Please let me go home.
Please let me go with you.
Please let me go.
Please let me handle this.
Please let me have a look at those pictures.
Please let me have an hour to think about it.
Please let me have my bill.
Please let me help you if you need.
Please let me help you put on your coat.
Please let me help you.
Please let me help.
Please let me hold your hand.
Please let me in immediately.
Please let me in.
Please let me introduce myself.
Please let me know about it.
Please let me know as soon as it's decided.
Please let me know as soon as it’s decided.
Please let me know as soon as possible if they would like to set up part of the conference room to exhibit their products.
Please let me know as soon as you can.
Please let me know before you do that again.
Please let me know beforehand when you come! I'm not a fan of these surprise visits. They're always inconvenient for me.
Please let me know by Wednesday if you can't attend.
Please let me know by Wednesday if you can’t attend.
Please let me know by phone.
Please let me know how you are going to solve it.
Please let me know how you are going to solve.
Please let me know how you get on.
Please let me know if I can provide you with any further information, or if you would like to contact me for questions.
Please let me know if I can provide you with any further information, or if you would like to contact me with any questions.
Please let me know if I ever say or do anything that bothers you.
Please let me know if it hurts.
Please let me know if that doesn't work.
Please let me know if the faucet starts dripping again.
Please let me know if there is anything I can do to help.
Please let me know if you are still alive.
Please let me know if you can't come.
Please let me know if you feel hurt by anything I said.
Please let me know if you feel uncomfortable.
Please let me know if you find any typos or missing words.
Please let me know if you get this email.
Please let me know if you have any questions.
Please let me know if you need anything.
Please let me know if you need help in reserving a room closer to the Convention Center.
Please let me know if you need help.
Please let me know if you're going to be late.
Please let me know immediately if anything happens.
Please let me know immediately if you would like to set up an area of the conference room for your products.
Please let me know immediately if you would like to use this computer.
Please let me know that you're OK.
Please let me know the confirmation number you were told when you reserved the room.
Please let me know the next time you're in Boston.
Please let me know the result by telephone.
Please let me know the results by telegram.
Please let me know the schedule beforehand.
Please let me know the status.
Please let me know the truth.
Please let me know what I can do to help.
Please let me know what you really think.
Please let me know what you want.
Please let me know when I need to do that.
Please let me know when I should do that.
Please let me know when I should get off.
Please let me know when Tom gets here.
Please let me know when Tom gets home.
Please let me know when dinner's ready.
Please let me know when to start.
Please let me know when we get there.
Please let me know when you are ready to order.
Please let me know when you arrive.
Please let me know when you come to Osaka.
Please let me know when you receive them.
Please let me know when you will come to Kobe.
Please let me know when you'll be in Australia.
Please let me know when you'll be in Boston.
Please let me know when you're going to arrive.
Please let me know when you're ready to go.
Please let me know your new address.
Please let me know.
Please let me look at that again.
Please let me make it up to you in some way.
Please let me make it up to you.
Please let me off at the next stop.
Please let me off here.
Please let me off in front of that building.
Please let me off on this side of that traffic light.
Please let me out.
Please let me pass.
Please let me pay.
Please let me pick up your sister at the station.
Please let me poop in peace.
Please let me read the newspaper when you're done with it.
Please let me say something.
Please let me see you home.
Please let me see your passport and boarding pass.
Please let me see your passport, also did you complete the immigration form?
Please let me set the record straight.
Please let me sing.
Please let me sleep for another ten minutes.
Please let me sleep for five more minutes.
Please let me sleep.
Please let me speak first.
Please let me speak.
Please let me stay a little bit longer.
Please let me stay a little longer.
Please let me stay here with you.
Please let me stay.
Please let me take a day off tomorrow.
Please let me take a look at the menu.
Please let me take a picture of you.
Please let me take a short break.
Please let me take your coat.
Please let me take your picture.
Please let me talk to Tom.
Please let me talk to her.
Please let me talk to him.
Please let me talk to them.
Please let me talk.
Please let me tell you a little bit about this position.
Please let me through.
Please let me try doing that.
Please let me try it again.
Please let me try the game.
Please let me try to do that.
Please let me try to understand you.
Please let me walk you home.
Please let service animals do their jobs.
Please let the blind down.
Please let the captured birds go.
Please let the dog out.
Please let the man talk.
Please let this be a normal field trip.
Please let us help you.
Please let us help.
Please let us in.
Please let us know about your visit in advance.
Please let us know if anything happens.
Please let us know if this is incorrect.
Please let us know if we can be of help in other ways.
Please let us know if we can help in other ways.
Please let us know if you find any errors.
Please let us know if you find any mistakes.
Please let us know if you have any questions.
Please let us know the prices and earliest delivery of your Steel Landscape Edgings #STL3456.
Please let us know what you think.
Please let us know what you want to eat.
Please let us know your company's thoughts on this matter first.
Please let us know your company’s thoughts on this matter first.
Please let us know your conditions for making the concession.
Please let us know.
Please let us watch this.
Please lie down.
Please lie on your stomach.
Please lie still on the bed.
Please light a candle.
Please light the candles.
Please like and subscribe, I want money.
Please like and subscribe.
Please like our Facebook page.
Please limit your presentation to 30 minutes.
Please limit your shitposting.
Please line up and wait like the others!
Please line up in a row.
Please line up in order of arrival.
Please line up.
Please link this sentence to Spanish.
Please list alternate dates.
Please list some reasons why you think that we should do that.
Please list your previous jobs on the application.
Please listen and type in Spanish.
Please listen carefully to what I have to say.
Please listen carefully to what I say.
Please listen carefully to what Tom and Mary have to say.
Please listen carefully to what Tom has to say.
Please listen carefully to what Tom is saying.
Please listen carefully, as our menu options have changed.
Please listen carefully.
Please listen now.
Please listen to Tom carefully.
Please listen to me attentively.
Please listen to me carefully.
Please listen to me when I'm speaking to you.
Please listen to me.
Please listen to reason.
Please listen to the recording.
Please listen to this song.
Please listen to us.
Please listen to what I have to say.
Please listen to what Tom and Mary have to say.
Please listen to what Tom has to say.
Please listen very carefully.
Please listen when I'm speaking!
Please listen while I speak.
Please listen!
Please listen.
Please loan me your dictionary.
Please lock the door before you go out.
Please lock the door on your way out.
Please lock the door when you leave.
Please lock the door.
Please lock the gate.
Please lock the safe.
Please lock your door.
Please log back in.
Please login again.
Please login to your computer.
Please look after him.
Please look after my cats while I'm away.
Please look after my cats while I’m away.
Please look after my luggage.
Please look again.
Please look around at your own leisure.
Please look at me.
Please look at that painting.
Please look at that red-roofed house.
Please look at the girl who wore the blue clothes.
Please look at the map on page 25.
Please look at the pamphlet for the details.
Please look at the table of contents, everyone.
Please look at the top of my glasses.
Please look at these papers carefully.
Please look at this.
Please look away.
Please look for it.
Please look in on me when you're in town.
Please look in on me when you’re in town.
Please look in the cabinet, the top shelf.
Please look into the matter carefully.
Please look into this matter as soon as you can.
Please look out the window.
Please look over me warmly.
Please look over the map on page 25.
Please look the other way.
Please look the other way. I want to change my clothes.
Please look through these papers at your leisure.
Please look up the first train to London in the railway guide.
Please look up this word in a dictionary.
Please look up this word in the dictionary.
Please lower the flag.
Please lower the volume of the music!
Please lower the window.
Please lower your voice.
Please mail this form to your insurance company.
Please mail this letter for me at once.
Please mail this letter for me.
Please mail this letter on your next trip to the post office.
Please mail this letter on your way to school.
Please mail this letter on your way to work.
Please mail this letter the next time you go to the post office.
Please mail this letter.
Please make Tom eat his vegetables.
Please make Tom stop doing that.
Please make a contribution.
Please make a copy of the first and second page.
Please make a cross in the appropriate box.
Please make a donation to charity in lieu of flowers.
Please make a donation.
Please make a milkshake for me.
Please make a right turn.
Please make a sentence by using this word.
Please make all the necessary changes.
Please make an appointment to come in and discuss this further.
Please make an appointment with me again soon.
Please make as little noise as possible when you leave.
Please make certain your seat belt is fastened.
Please make cheesecake again.
Please make coffee.
Please make five copies of this document.
Please make it cheaper.
Please make it happen.
Please make it short and sweet.
Please make it stop.
Please make me a cup of coffee.
Please make me some tea.
Please make me something to eat.
Please make my bed.
Please make my excuses for absence to your mother.
Please make out my bill as soon as possible.
Please make out my bill as soon as possible?
Please make out my bill.
Please make potato salad again.
Please make some tea.
Please make sure Mary does what she's supposed to do.
Please make sure Mary doesn't leave her room.
Please make sure Mary knows what she's supposed to do.
Please make sure Tom and Mary do that.
Please make sure Tom and Mary do what they're supposed to do.
Please make sure Tom and Mary don't do that.
Please make sure Tom and Mary don't leave their rooms.
Please make sure Tom and Mary know what they're supposed to do.
Please make sure Tom does that.
Please make sure Tom does what he's supposed to do.
Please make sure Tom doesn't do that.
Please make sure Tom doesn't eat too much candy.
Please make sure Tom doesn't forget to take his medicine.
Please make sure Tom doesn't leave his room.
Please make sure Tom knows what he's supposed to do.
Please make sure Tom remembers to take his medicine.
Please make sure all the windows are closed before you leave.
Please make sure that Tom doesn't leave the yard.
Please make sure that Tom eat his vegetables.
Please make sure that doesn't ever happen again.
Please make sure that doesn't happen again.
Please make sure that she wakes up on time.
Please make sure that the conference room is clean.
Please make sure that the dog doesn't go outside.
Please make sure that the door is locked.
Please make sure that we leave on time.
Please make sure that you check all the equipment.
Please make sure that you do that at 2:30 every day.
Please make sure that you do that at least once every three days.
Please make sure that you do that every day.
Please make sure that you don't make this mistake again.
Please make sure that you get here on time.
Please make sure that you get home by 2:30.
Please make sure that your seat belt is securely fastened.
Please make sure that your username and password are correct.
Please make sure the dog stays outside.
Please make sure the drinking water is pure.
Please make sure the faucet is securely fastened.
Please make sure the user name and email address used is correct.
Please make sure they are copyrighted and they are not compatible within the CC BY license.
Please make sure to air my room while I'm out.
Please make sure to clean up after you're done cooking or eating.
Please make sure to collate the documents.
Please make sure to pay the invoice before the due date of July 10th.
Please make sure to put a period at the end of a sentence.
Please make sure to wash your hands thoroughly.
Please make sure we have enough food for everybody.
Please make sure we have enough food for everyone.
Please make sure you get back home before it gets dark.
Please make sure you get enough sleep.
Please make sure you get here on time.
Please make sure you get to the station on time.
Please make sure you have enough money with you.
Please make sure you tidy up your room before you go out to play.
Please make sure you wash your hands after using the bathroom, dear.
Please make sure your seat belt is fastened.
Please make sure your username and password are correct.
Please make sure.
Please make the bed.
Please make three copies of each page.
Please make three copies of this document.
Please make three copies of this page.
Please make up your mind once and for all.
Please make up your mind.
Please make us some couscous.
Please make us some tea.
Please make way for him.
Please make your bed.
Please make your payment in dollars.
Please make your reservation one week in advance.
Please make your reservations promptly.
Please make yourself a sandwich and stop starving to death.
Please make yourself at home here.
Please make yourself at home, and help yourself to some coffee.
Please make yourself at home.
Please make yourself comfortable.
Please make yourselves at home, and help yourselves to drinks.
Please make yourselves at home.
Please make yourselves comfortable.
Please mark the correct answer.
Please mark the veg and non-veg items on the packaging.
Please may I have some chocolate?
Please may I have two pies, a plain bridie and an onion one as well.
Please measure the length of the mattress.
Please meditate mindfully.
Please meet me after class.
Please meet me in front of the station at 2:30.
Please meet me in the lobby at 2:30.
Please meet me tomorrow morning in the park.
Please memorise these abbreviations.
Please memorize these abbreviations.
Please memorize this.
Please mind the closing doors.
Please mind the gap between the train and the platform.
Please mind your belongings.
Please mom, I want a gingerbread squirrel!
Please move along.
Please move away from the door.
Please move back.
Please move on.
Please move out of my way.
Please move out of the way so this lady can go through.
Please move over.
Please move quickly.
Please move the TV set to the left.
Please move the chair. It's in the way.
Please move the chair. It’s in the way.
Please move the desk to the left.
Please move this stone from here to there.
Please move to the rear of the bus.
Please move to the women's-only line.
Please move your bicycle out of here.
Please move your car out of here.
Please move your car.
Please move your car. You're blocking my driveway.
Please move.
Please mute the sound.
Please nail the windows shut.
Please never ask me again!
Please no kissing.
Please no more CCR songs.
Please not one word about suicide.
Please not one word about violence.
Please note my words.
Please note that I am jealous!
Please note that all the times stated are Central European Time (CET).
Please note that allocated seating is not available and seating is based on a first-come, first-served basis.
Please note that the price is subject to change.
Please note that we have quoted the lowest possible price.
Please note the change in the meeting agenda.
Please note, a road interchange ahead.
Please note: tickets are valid for a year after purchase.
Please notify me by e-mail about any bugs found or missing functions that you want to be included in future versions of the BMI calculator.
Please obey the school rules.
Please only call me Yakov Matveevich.
Please only speak French in this class.
Please only use the company Slack for work purposes.
Please open a window.
Please open an account at our bank.
Please open it.
Please open one of the windows.
Please open that window over there.
Please open the boot.
Please open the bottle.
Please open the document I sent; it is at the end of this message.
Please open the door and let me in.
Please open the door and talk to me.
Please open the door for me.
Please open the door.
Please open the file circled in red with a text editor.
Please open the package.
Please open the trunk.
Please open the window a little?
Please open the window if you want to.
Please open the window to let the fly out.
Please open the window to let this fly out.
Please open the window.
Please open the window. I'm suffocating.
Please open the window. It's hard for me to breathe.
Please open the windows.
Please open this box.
Please open this can.
Please open your bag so that I can see what you have in it.
Please open your bag.
Please open your book to page 30.
Please open your book to page 86.
Please open your books to page 30.
Please open your books to page 86.
Please open your eyes.
Please open your locker.
Please open your mouth.
Please open your suitcase.
Please order this product by February 15, and we will be able to deliver it before March 15.
Please order.
Please organize the pantry and put things back in their places.
Please pack the disks and hard copies into the briefcase.
Please pack these clothes in a suitcase.
Please paint the door white.
Please paint.
Please pardon me for coming late.
Please pardon my poor penmanship.
Please park in the back.
Please park on the left side of the road.
Please park your car in the car park.
Please park your car in the parking lot.
Please park your car over there.
Please pass it to the other boys.
Please pass it to the other friends.
Please pass it to the other kids.
Please pass me that butter.
Please pass me the butter.
Please pass me the jam.
Please pass me the pepper.
Please pass me the salt and pepper.
Please pass me the salt.
Please pass me the salt?
Please pass me the sugar.
Please pass on my best wishes to Peter.
Please pass on our compliments to the chef.
Please pass over the salt.
Please pass the bread.
Please pass the butter.
Please pass the carrots.
Please pass the ketchup.
Please pass the note around.
Please pass the pepper.
Please pass the salt and pepper.
Please pass the salt to me.
Please pass the salt.
Please pass the sugar.
Please pass this note around.
Please pass this note to Tom.
Please pass this on to the next person.
Please pass this to the other boys.
Please pay a deposit of two month's rent.
Please pay a deposit of two month’s rent.
Please pay at the register.
Please pay at this counter.
Please pay attention to me.
Please pay attention to what I'm saying.
Please pay attention to what Tom has to say.
Please pay attention to what Tom is saying.
Please pay attention.
Please pay cash, not by credit card.
Please pay close attention.
Please pay closer attention.
Please pay here.
Please pay in advance.
Please pay more attention.
Please pay the bill at the first floor register.
Please pay the cashier.
Please pay the tax on the items over there.
Please pay the tax.
Please pay!
Please pay, thank you.
Please peel the potatoes.
Please peel this orange for me.
Please permit me to ask you some questions.
Please phone Tom.
Please phone before you come.
Please phone him.
Please phone later.
Please phone me as soon as possible.
Please phone me before you come.
Please phone me tomorrow morning.
Please phone me when you have settled down.
Please pick a few peppermint leaves from the garden.
Please pick it up today.
Please pick me up at the airport at five.
Please pick me up at the hotel at six o'clock.
Please pick me up at the hotel at six o’clock.
Please pick me up by car in front of the hotel.
Please pick that up for me.
Please pick these up.
Please pick up my dry cleaning.
Please pick up the order.
Please pick up the papers.
Please pick up the pen from the floor.
Please pick up the phone.
Please pick up the receiver.
Please pick up your order.
Please pick up your ticket at the counter.
Please pick your character.
Please pinch me.
Please place a sticky note at any point that needs correction.
Please place all articles not related to the lesson inside your bag.
Please place the cup on the saucer.
Please place the pot of soup on the front burner.
Please place your coat on the chair.
Please place your hands behind your back.
Please place your luggage on these scales.
Please plan to leave between 6:00 and 7:00.
Please play it back for me after you've finished the recording.
Please play it back for me after you’ve finished the recording.
Please play something by Chopin for me.
Please play the violin.
Please please tell it to me.
Please plow the snow to the left of the maple tree so you don't block the trailer.
Please plow the snow to the left of the maple tree so you don’t block the trailer.
Please point out my mistake.
Please point out the articles you want to buy.
Please polish my shoes.
Please pop the trunk.
Please post here if you experience any problems.
Please post this letter when you next go to the post office.
Please pour him a glass of beer.
Please pour me a glass of water.
Please pour me a little tea.
Please pour me some lemonade.
Please pour me some more wine.
Please pour me some wine.
Please pour some lemonade for me.
Please pour yourself a cup of tea.
Please pour yourself another one!
Please practice mindfulness.
Please pray for me.
Please prepare a CD player so that you can quickly playback the sound you want to record.
Please prepare for departure.
Please prepare for landing.
Please prepare for takeoff.
Please prepare for the trip.
Please present any requests in writing.
Please present your claim tags.
Please present your insurance card at the beginning of each month.
Please press OK to continue.
Please press like and subscribe for more videos.
Please press my Kabyle dress.
Please press the buzzer.
Please press the left mouse button to continue.
Please pretend we never said this.
Please print even pages only.
Please print only if necessary and recycle.
Please print this email only if necessary.
Please print your name.
Please proceed with caution.
Please proceed.
Please promise me that you will never tell a lie again.
Please promise me that you won't do that again.
Please promise me that you won't do that anymore.
Please promise me that you won't do that.
Please promise me that you won't forget me.
Please promise me that you'll do that.
Please promise me that you'll keep this secret.
Please promise me that you'll never lie again.
Please promise me that you'll never lie to me again.
Please promise me that you're going to take your studies seriously.
Please promise me you will never tell a lie again.
Please promise me you won't do that again.
Please promise me you won't do that anymore.
Please promise me you won't do that.
Please promise me you won't do this anymore.
Please promise me you'll do that.
Please promise me you'll never lie again.
Please promise me you'll never lie to me again.
Please promise not to tell anyone.
Please promise that you won't tell anybody.
Please promise that you won't tell anyone.
Please promise that you'll do what I ask you to do.
Please promise that you'll never do that again.
Please promise that you'll never lie to me again.
Please promise you won't forget me.
Please promise you won't tell anybody.
Please promise you won't tell anyone.
Please promise you'll do what I ask you to do.
Please promise you'll never do that again.
Please promise you'll never lie to me again.
Please provide an explanation as to what caused you to conclude to my lack of intelligence, that way we'll either use your feedback to improve ourselves, or we'll just think you're judgemental.
Please provide contact details.
Please provide names.
Please provide references.
Please provide that doctor's name and phone number for me.
Please provide your name and address.
Please pull down the blinds.
Please pull over.
Please pull the rope.
Please punish Tom.
Please punish him.
Please push the Ctrl+Alt+Del key to log on the system.
Please push the buzzer.
Please push the table over this way.
Please push this button at once in case of emergency.
Please push up the lever.
Please put French quotation marks on this sentence.
Please put a cassette in the VCR and press the record button.
Please put a comma between the two main clauses.
Please put a comma in between these two words.
Please put a fragile sticker on this box.
Please put a full stop at the end of the sentence.
Please put a full stop.
Please put a little more sugar in my tea.
Please put a lot of cream in my coffee.
Please put a lump of sugar in my coffee.
Please put a pitcher of water in my room.
Please put a smile on that face.
Please put a smile on your face.
Please put a stop to this nonsense.
Please put a teaspoon of honey in my tea.
Please put an end to this quarreling.
Please put away any food you leave out on the table.
Please put away this box for me.
Please put down my address in case you forget it.
Please put down that book and listen to me.
Please put down your name in this book.
Please put everything in this bag.
Please put everything not related to this class in your bags.
Please put in this way.
Please put it aside for me.
Please put it away.
Please put it back in its place.
Please put it back where you found it.
Please put it in the cupboard.
Please put it in the top dresser drawer.
Please put it on the scale.
Please put it on the table.
Please put me through to 442-5511.
Please put me through to Mr Black.
Please put me through to Mr Brown.
Please put me through to Mr Smith.
Please put me through to Mr Tanaka.
Please put me through to Mr. Black.
Please put me through to Mr. Brown.
Please put me through to Mr. Smith.
Please put me through to Mrs Tanaka.
Please put me through to Ms Tanaka.
Please put my room in order while I am out.
Please put on deodorant.
Please put on these slippers.
Please put on this apron.
Please put on this gown.
Please put on your safety glasses.
Please put on your shoes.
Please put on your slippers.
Please put out that stinking pipe or go outside!
Please put out the light before you go to sleep.
Please put out your cigarette.
Please put out your cigarettes before entering the museum.
Please put plenty of milk in my coffee.
Please put socks in the basket.
Please put some candles on the birthday cake.
Please put some milk in my tea.
Please put some more wood on the fire.
Please put that away.
Please put that back.
Please put that book back exactly where it was.
Please put that on the invoice.
Please put that on the table.
Please put the baby to bed.
Please put the beach chairs in the car.
Please put the book on the shelf.
Please put the books in order.
Please put the candles on the birthday cake.
Please put the chair away. It is in the way.
Please put the couscous in the fridge.
Please put the dishes in the dishwasher.
Please put the dustpan in the broom closet.
Please put the eggs in the fridge.
Please put the folding chairs over there.
Please put the full stop inside the quotation marks.
Please put the gun down.
Please put the ice cream in the freezer.
Please put the kettle on.
Please put the light out when you leave the room.
Please put the meter on.
Please put the milk back in the refrigerator.
Please put the milk in the refrigerator.
Please put the potato chips in the bowl. Don't eat them directly from the bag.
Please put the potato chips in the bowl. Don’t eat them directly from the bag.
Please put the table next to the wall.
Please put the trash in the trash.
Please put their name on everything they take with them.
Please put these books into that box.
Please put these books on the shelf.
Please put these books on the top shelf.
Please put these flowers in the basket.
Please put these flowers in the vase.
Please put these glasses away.
Please put these papers in order.
Please put this back where you found it.
Please put this book into that box.
Please put this book on my desk.
Please put this book on the very top.
Please put this box away for me.
Please put this coaster under your drink.
Please put this document somewhere safe.
Please put this in a safe place.
Please put this in the bottom drawer.
Please put this in the closet.
Please put this in the desk drawer.
Please put this in the microwave oven.
Please put this in the safe.
Please put this into English.
Please put this into the microwave oven.
Please put this notice on the bulletin board.
Please put this notice on the notice board.
Please put this notice to the door.
Please put this on my bill.
Please put this on the top shelf.
Please put this somewhere safe.
Please put this thermometer under your arm.
Please put this thermometer under your tongue.
Please put this where children can't reach it.
Please put this where children can’t reach it.
Please put this where the children can't reach it.
Please put those books on my desk.
Please put those chairs away.
Please put those on the table.
Please put your age on the form.
Please put your art supplies back in the box.
Please put your bag under your seat.
Please put your baggage on this scale.
Please put your cigarette out.
Please put your coat in the closet.
Please put your hands in the air.
Please put your mask back on if you're done eating.
Please put your name and address, please.
Please put your name down on the attendance list.
Please put your phone down.
Please put your phones on manner mode.
Please put your phones on silent mode.
Please put your phones on vibrate mode.
Please put your phones on vibrate.
Please put your seal here.
Please put your shirt on.
Please put your shoes in the getabako when you take them off.
Please put your shoes in the shoebox when you take them off.
Please put your shoes on.
Please put your stuff in the closet.
Please put your thumbprint here.
Please put your toys away after playing.
Please put your trash in the bin, not on the floor.
Please put your waste in the bins outside.
Please put your weapon on the ground.
Please put yourself in my place.
Please quickly take a bath!
Please quit bothering me.
Please quit bothering us.
Please quit finding fault with me!
Please raise your hand before you speak.
Please raise your hand if you agree.
Please raise your hand if you have a question.
Please raise your hand when I call your name.
Please rate your journey today.
Please read after me.
Please read and criticize my new book.
Please read between the lines.
Please read carefully the conditions of usage of our site's services.
Please read from page 50 to page 100 in this book.
Please read from the highlighted text.
Please read here for the product details.
Please read it again.
Please read it aloud so that everyone can hear.
Please read it once more.
Please read my blog.
Please read my reply carefully.
Please read our Rules and Guidelines.
Please read our disclaimer.
Please read out page 49.
Please read page 30.
Please read page ninety-four.
Please read pages 1 to 17.
Please read that again.
Please read that article.
Please read that book.
Please read the card.
Please read the contract carefully.
Please read the files appended to this email carefully.
Please read the instructions before turning on the device.
Please read the instructions carefully.
Please read the instructions in detail.
Please read the instructions.
Please read the manual and hypothesize 3 possible outcomes.
Please read the meter.
Please read the numbers on the meter.
Please read the paragraph on page 22.
Please read the passage.
Please read the prescription.
Please read the rules.
Please read the text below.
Please read the whole story.
Please read these reports carefully.
Please read this article.
Please read this book.
Please read this book. It will make you feel better.
Please read this carefully.
Please read this memo, it's very important.
Please read this very carefully.
Please read this word again.
Please recap the most important points.
Please recap your idea.
Please recapitulate the most important points.
Please recapitulate your idea.
Please recapitulate your ideas.
Please receive my condolences.
Please recite me at least a poem tonight.
Please recite the alphabet backwards.
Please reconfirm the reservation by March 10.
Please reconfirm your booking of 10 March.
Please reconsider.
Please record Tom's concert and send me the audio file.
Please record Tom's speech.
Please record this.
Please recycle after use.
Please redirect your energy to something more productive instead of persistently making passive-aggressive remarks towards me.
Please refer any questions to the help desk.
Please refer to page ten.
Please refer to paragraph ten.
Please refer to the UML documentation for the detailed information about UML semantics and notation.
Please refer to the owner's manual for more details.
Please refer to the tourist information office.
Please reflect on this.
Please refrain from blocking unoccupied seats with baggage or outerwear, so that passengers boarding may take the seats.
Please refrain from disturbing me.
Please refrain from excessive drinking.
Please refrain from insulting me.
Please refrain from making posts that disrupt this site's atmosphere.
Please refrain from making posts that disrupt this site’s atmosphere.
Please refrain from making posts that make this site less pleasant to visit.
Please refrain from posts that might encourage conflict.
Please refrain from pushing forward.
Please refrain from putting waste here.
Please refrain from saying anything like that.
Please refrain from smoking cigarettes here.
Please refrain from smoking here.
Please refrain from smoking in public places.
Please refrain from smoking in the elevator.
Please refrain from smoking in the lift.
Please refrain from smoking in this room.
Please refrain from smoking until the sign is turned off.
Please refrain from smoking while this light is on.
Please refrain from smoking without permission.
Please refrain from smoking, while the non-smoking signs are on.
Please refrain from smoking.
Please refrain from speaking without permission.
Please refrain from taking pictures in this area.
Please refrain from talking.
Please refrain from walking your pets in the parking lot.
Please refrain.
Please relax and take it easy.
Please relax your sitting position and feel free to stretch your legs.
Please relax.
Please remain calm and fasten your seat belts.
Please remain calm.
Please remain in your seats.
Please remain perfectly still.
Please remain seated for a few minutes.
Please remain seated until the aircraft arrives at the gate.
Please remain seated until the bus comes to a complete stop.
Please remain seated until the bus stops completely.
Please remain seated.
Please remain standing.
Please remember everything I've told you tonight.
Please remember everything that I've told you tonight.
Please remember me to all your family.
Please remember me to your family.
Please remember me to your mother.
Please remember me to your parents.
Please remember me to your teacher.
Please remember me.
Please remember my birthday.
Please remember that Tom can't hear very well.
Please remember that anything Tom told us could be a lie.
Please remember that this kindergarten is peanut-free.
Please remember that we are all volunteers trying to cooperate to continuously improve the Tatoeba website.
Please remember that we had nothing to do with it.
Please remember that.
Please remember to buy a loaf of bread.
Please remember to call Tom at 2:30.
Please remember to close the windows.
Please remember to come and see us this weekend.
Please remember to do that.
Please remember to lock the door before leaving.
Please remember to lock the door.
Please remember to mail my letter.
Please remember to mail the letter on your way home.
Please remember to mail the letter.
Please remember to mail the letters.
Please remember to mail this letter on your way to school tomorrow morning.
Please remember to mail this letter on your way to school.
Please remember to mail this letter.
Please remember to post the letter on your way home.
Please remember to post the letter.
Please remember to post the letters.
Please remember to post this letter.
Please remember to put out the cat before you go to bed.
Please remember to put out the fire before you go home.
Please remember to put out the light before you go to bed.
Please remember to put things back where they belong.
Please remember to see my father next week.
Please remember to shut the windows.
Please remember to smile.
Please remember to tell your wife that you love her.
Please remember to turn off the light before going to bed.
Please remember to turn off the light.
Please remember to turn off the lights.
Please remember to turn off the outdoor faucet in winter.
Please remember to turn off the shower faucet after use.
Please remember to use punctuation.
Please remember to wake me up at seven tomorrow morning.
Please remember to wake me up at seven tomorrow.
Please remember to wake me up at six tomorrow morning.
Please remember to water the garden.
Please remember to write to Tom.
Please remember to write to her.
Please remember we had nothing to do with it.
Please remember what I said.
Please remember what I tell you.
Please remember what Tom said.
Please remember what he said.
Please remind me of it.
Please remind me of the time of the meeting.
Please remind me to call John at nine.
Please remind me to call Tom at 2:30.
Please remind me to do that tomorrow.
Please remind me to do that.
Please remind me to email the report tomorrow.
Please remind me to give back this book.
Please remind me to go to the doctor's tomorrow.
Please remind me to go to the doctor’s tomorrow.
Please remind me to hand in the report.
Please remind me to mail the report tomorrow.
Please remind me to pay the rent tomorrow.
Please remind me to phone him tomorrow.
Please remind me to post the letter.
Please remind me to post the letters.
Please remind me to remind Tom to do that.
Please remind me to send the report tomorrow.
Please remind me to take my medicine.
Please remind me to turn in the paper tomorrow.
Please remind me to turn in the paper.
Please remind me to write a letter tomorrow.
Please remind me, should I forget.
Please remind us to do that tomorrow.
Please remove all of my wisdom teeth.
Please remove all of your clothes, except your underwear.
Please remove my name from your mailing list.
Please remove that chair because it is in the way.
Please remove the ashes from the stove.
Please remove the mud from your shoes.
Please remove the tartar from my teeth.
Please remove these ivy vines. I want to see the bare ground.
Please remove this.
Please remove your caput from your rectum.
Please remove your footwear outside.
Please remove your hats.
Please remove your mask in hot places.
Please remove your shoes before entering the house.
Please repair the car.
Please repair this.
Please repeat after me.
Please repeat everything I say.
Please repeat everything that I say.
Please repeat that.
Please repeat the last three words.
Please repeat what you just said.
Please repeat what you said.
Please repeat.
Please replace it.
Please replace the empty ink cartridge in the printer.
Please replace the empty ink jet cartridge in the printer.
Please replace the empty printer cartridge.
Please reply as soon as possible.
Please reply as soon as you get this email.
Please reply as soon as you've read this email.
Please reply by email before noon.
Please reply by return.
Please reply by telex.
Please reply immediately.
Please reply in Chinese or English.
Please reply soon.
Please reply to me as soon as possible.
Please reply.
Please report discrepancy in data.
Please report the progress.
Please report to the briefing room.
Please report what's happening.
Please request a new password reset.
Please reread the article.
Please reserve this table for us.
Please respect my boundaries.
Please respect my privacy.
Please respect my role as a father and allow me to make the educational choices that I believe are best for my children.
Please respect our time.
Please respect who I am.
Please respond at your earliest convenience.
Please respond.
Please restart your computer.
Please restrict your orders to what is in our catalog.
Please return it by 10 a.m. Monday.
Please return one set to us with your signature.
Please return the book I lent you after you've finished reading it.
Please return the book by tomorrow.
Please return the book tomorrow.
Please return the book when you have finished reading it.
Please return the book when you've finished reading it.
Please return the book you borrowed when you've finished reading it.
Please return the keys when you're done.
Please return these books by Saturday.
Please return these books to the library.
Please return to me my love.
Please return to your seat.
Please return to your seats and fasten your seatbelts.
Please return to your seats.
Please return what you have borrowed.
Please return your item back to the store.
Please return your order form along with a self-addressed envelope.
Please review the contents and provide any appropriate feedback.
Please revise regularly every day.
Please rewind the tape.
Please rid me of this pain.
Please ring for the servant.
Please ring him up.
Please ring me as soon as possible.
Please rinse often with mouthwash.
Please rinse out your mouth.
Please roll down the window.
Please roll up your sleeve.
Please run another test.
Please run another test. There must be some mistake.
Please run this script.
Please safely dispose of hypodermic needles.
Please save a seat for me.
Please save electricity.
Please save me a seat.
Please save me.
Please save my place.
Please save some for later.
Please save this for me.
Please save us.
Please say a prayer for those who were onboard.
Please say clearly yes or no.
Please say hello to Mrs. Andreescu!
Please say hello to Nancy if you see her at the party.
Please say hello to Tom for me.
Please say hello to Tom.
Please say hello to her if you see her at the party.
Please say hello to her.
Please say hello to him for me.
Please say hello to your family from me.
Please say hello to your family on my behalf.
Please say hello to your family.
Please say hello to your parents for me.
Please say hello to your parents.
Please say hello to your wife for me.
Please say hello to your wife.
Please say it again.
Please say it by heart.
Please say it in Berber.
Please say it in English.
Please say it in French.
Please say it more loudly.
Please say it once more.
Please say it one more time.
Please say something, Tom.
Please say something.
Please say that again!
Please say that again.
Please say that once again in French.
Please say that once more.
Please say the alphabet backwards.
Please say the alphabet in reverse.
Please say yes.
Please say you're kidding.
Please say â€˜yes’!
Please say ‘yes’!
Please scale the fish.
Please scan the diary for clues.
Please scan this.
Please scoot over and let me sit down.
Please scoot over.
Please scrape the skin off the potatoes.
Please secure your seat belt during takeoff and landing.
Please see below for details.
Please see below for more details.
Please see if there are any mistakes in this sentence.
Please see me after recess.
Please see my people.
Please see that Mary gets what she needs.
Please see that Tom gets what he needs.
Please see that the birds in the cage get water and food every day.
Please see that the job is finished.
Please see that this letter is mailed sometime today.
Please see the attachment below for the schedule.
Please see to it that children do not go near the pond.
Please see to it that the child does not go near the pond.
Please see to it that the dog doesn't go out.
Please see to it that the dog doesn’t go out.
Please see who is at the door.
Please select a language for the Image Viewer interface.
Please select the appropriate option below.
Please select which authentication method you would like to use.
Please sell me that sweater.
Please sell me that.
Please sell that sweater to me.
Please send a copy to me.
Please send a letter.
Please send all comments and suggestions to Tom Jackson.
Please send all submissions electronically as we do not accept snail mail.
Please send an ambulance.
Please send an empty email message to info@example.com.
Please send an empty message to info@example.com.
Please send any complaints or suggestions to the following email address.
Please send bug reports to the following email address.
Please send details of these courses.
Please send for help.
Please send help right away.
Please send in the original document, and keep a photocopy for your records.
Please send in your summary by Tuesday.
Please send it by express mail.
Please send it by special delivery.
Please send it to Tom.
Please send it to me by fax.
Please send it to my office.
Please send me a catalog.
Please send me a catalogue for review.
Please send me a catalogue.
Please send me a copy.
Please send me a letter as soon as you arrive.
Please send me a letter once you arrive.
Please send me a letter.
Please send me a picture of yourself.
Please send me a postcard.
Please send me a refund.
Please send me a reply as soon as you receive this mail.
Please send me another copy.
Please send me money.
Please send me some pictures.
Please send me the doctor's bill.
Please send me the link.
Please send me your latest catalog.
Please send me your latest catalogue.
Please send me your photo.
Please send me your picture.
Please send my mail to me in care of my father's office in Tokyo.
Please send my mail to me in care of my father’s office in Tokyo.
Please send my regards to your family.
Please send my regards to your wife.
Please send photographs.
Please send police to my house!
Please send reports of mistypings and mistranslations to the email address below.
Please send someone to my room.
Please send the book by mail.
Please send the letter by express.
Please send the merchandise by return.
Please send them my regards.
Please send these invitations out sometime today.
Please send this by Federal Express.
Please send this by registered mail.
Please send this by sea mail.
Please send this by special delivery.
Please send this by surface mail.
Please send this document before the end of the month.
Please send this form to your insurance company.
Please send this package right away.
Please send this parcel by sea.
Please send this parcel by surface mail.
Please send this special delivery.
Please send us an email if you have any questions or comments.
Please send us money.
Please send us more details.
Please send us more information.
Please send your sales reps to this new account.
Please serve him his meal first.
Please serve the guests some coffee, dear.
Please set me down at the next corner.
Please set the air conditioner higher.
Please set the table.
Please set these chairs by the window.
Please set your cell phones to silent mode.
Please set your mobile phones on vibrate.
Please settle this account by October 28, 1998.
Please sew these buttons on.
Please shake before opening.
Please shake hands.
Please share my umbrella.
Please share your solution.
Please shave my beard.
Please shine those shoes.
Please show Tom how to do that.
Please show consideration for other passengers.
Please show it to me again.
