By dint of long practice he became most skillful.
By dint of pushing the words back to the beginning of the sentence, there only remained the two of them at the end: Mary, Tom.
By distancing myself from the world, I learned to appreciate the beauty of simplicity and find joy in the little things.
By doing nothing men learn to do evil.
By doing nothing, men learn to act evilly.
By doing that, you make me very happy.
By doing this, I'm feeling stronger, more accomplished and braver.
By doing this, Ziri crossed an ethical boundary.
By establishing Takeshima Day, it is hoped that more Japanese people will learn about the Takeshima islands.
By evening the shadow of the tree reached the wall.
By evening, a few clouds had formed.
By example, parents should teach their children kindness.
By far, most land owned by the federal government is in the American West. The feds own almost 47 percent of the 11 coterminous Western states, which include California, Nevada, Oregon, Washington State, Arizona, New Mexico, Idaho, Montana, Wyoming, Colorado and Utah. The U.S. government owns a whopping 85 percent of land in the state of Nevada.
By following this book's advice, I was able to pull myself out of poverty.
By force!
By forcing his truck through the mud, he was getting more and more bogged down.
By freeing thought from its object, Descartes made it possible to view the latter in strictly mechanical terms, reopening the way to science, suffocated for more than fifteen centuries under religious nonsense.
By frugality she managed to get along on her small salary.
By getting rid of individuality, we'd lose our humanity.
By getting used to using emojis and other abbreviations to indicate the message's tone, young people drain languages of emotion, relegating words to bland pieces of information, becoming incapable of detecting any emotion at all without these symbols. It makes you wonder how our ancestors could laugh or cry with the correspondence they received. Languages, once so rich in this duality, are now evolving to become combinations of two distinct symbol systems: one for content, the other for tone.
By gift of the late Mr Smith the hospital received 3,000 dollars.
By giving us the opinions of the uneducated, journalism keeps us in touch with the ignorance of the community.
By good fortune, they escaped.
By good luck, he was in time for the train.
By hard work we can achieve anything.
By helping an insect out of difficulty, I do nothing more than try to erode a little of the never-ending human guilt towards creation.
By helping you, we're helping ourselves.
By his first wife the peasant had a daughter called Elsa, a good quiet girl, who only wanted to live in peace, but this her stepmother would not allow. She beat and cuffed the poor child from morning till night.
By his new conquest the Channel Isles were included in Normandy, and oddly enough it was thus they became attached to the English crown, for when the Norman dukes, as kings of England, lost all their other French possessions, they retained the islands.
By his twenties, the young virtuoso had won international acclaim for his lyrical, powerful and disciplined artistry.
By imposing blanket bans on Russian citizens, Western airlines undermine the principles of diplomacy and the potential for peaceful resolutions of conflicts.
By improving the process of restoring these centuries-old images, the scientists are contributing to the historical record. What was thought to be lost, showing the life and times of people from the 19th century, can now be found.
By installing two carburetors that racing-car enthusiast souped up his motor considerably.
By interacting with society, one acquires everyday culture.
By intuition he knew she was lying.
By investing wisely, she accumulated a fortune.
By issuing watered stock, the company misrepresented its true financial condition and diluted the value of existing shares.
By itself, without the HIV drugs, 099 has no antiviral effect and researchers are exploring the reason; but in combination, it could lead to the development of long-lasting HIV therapy whose effects could last for six or even 12 months.
By joining this club, you are entitled to use its facilities.
By joining this club, you get the right to use its facilities.
By labeling their product as all-natural, the company is just trying to greenwash their wasteful production practices.
By lack of attention, she hit the post with her car.
By late afternoon, everybody was getting tired.
By late afternoon, everyone was getting tired.
By law, begging in the street is forbidden.
By learning a new language, we also develop a better understanding of different cultures.
By learning the most common verbs in English, you can improve your communication skills and make it easier to express yourself in English.
By learning the sounds of your language, you gain access to words.
By learning words, you gain access to grammar.
By legend the woods were said to be haunted, so people avoided them.
By listening to music, she learned new words.
By logging on, you acknowledge you have no expectation of privacy.
By looking at an object's electromagnetic spectrum, scientists can determine if an object is moving away from Earth or towards Earth.
By looking for bargains and scrimping a little on many everyday items, Mary can afford to splurge once or twice a year on a spa treatment or going to a beauty salon.
By love alone is enmity allayed.
By machine translation supplemented by human editing, many books from other languages could be translated into Tagalog, thereby aiding in the intellectualization of the language.
By mapping Jupiter's gravitational and magnetic fields, Juno will reveal the planet's interior structure and measure the mass of the core.
By means of a super high-pressure water spray practically all the sediment is removed.
By means of long practice, became skillful.
By means of monthly payments, people can purchase more than in the past.
By metropolitan standards, this is not expensive.
By metropolitan standards, this is not much.
By mid-February all students in eastern Mosul are expected to be attending school, and placement exams will determine their grade levels, according to Saab Ali, the school manager of the Al-Kufa boys' school.
By mid-June, the cherries should be ripe.
By midnight, most of us decided to call it a night.
By mistake I boarded a train going in the opposite direction.
By mistake, a grandmother who was gardening damaged the fibre-optic cable that was enabling many internet users to surf the web at high speed.
By mistake, an innocent person was detained.
By mistake, he turned left instead of right.
By mocking the foreign students, the English teacher created a barrier to cultural exchange and understanding.
By modern standards, he died quite young.
By morning the clouds had lifted and the whole length of the Himalayas lay before us in all its splendor.
By morning, Fadil still hadn't returned home.
By most calculations we have used more natural resources since 1955 than in all of human history to that time.
By my reckoning, this is of the highest quality.
By my watch, it's now ten o'clock.
By nature, human beings always aspire to build a cozy nest of their own.
By next April will you have studied English for ten years?
By next April you will have studied English for ten years.
By next Sunday, I'll have read through the novel.
By next Sunday, I’ll have read through the novel.
By next month he will have been learning how to play the violin for five years.
By night on my bed I sought him whom my soul loved: I sought him, but I found him not.
By night, polar bears use stars as their compass.
By no means do I dislike farming.
By no means is he petty.
By no means may you cut out the pictures from the books on the bookshelf.
By no means may you cut out the pictures from the books that have been placed on the bookshelf.
By no means will I accept it.
By no means would anyone typically think that such a thing would be a sensitive topic.
By no means!
By no stretch of the imagination is Elon Musk a "free speech absolutist," and his behavior since taking over Twitter proves this.
By noon he had finished his work.
By not teaching Berber to their kids, they severed them from their cultural heritage.
By now everyone was convinced that she and I were two demonic creatures.
By now he's old and has lost all his teeth.
By now it's getting to be morning.
By now resigned to the knowledge that neither Tom nor Mary were likely prospects for religious conversion, the missionaries they'd invited in encouraged Tom to visit a local family history centre or to make use of the Internet to research his ancestors.
By now they considered themselves lost.
By now we've awaited him for weeks.
By now, he must be starving.
By now, night had fallen.
By now, she should have arrived.
By now, the poison has spread.
By now, the train must have left.
By now, the two towns are built together.
By now, things have changed.
By observing birds, he learned to recognize different species and understand their behavior.
By obtaining advanced technology from Japan, those countries also plan to provide people with a technical education.
By occupation, he is a cab driver.
By offering more courses with lectures conducted in English, this university is trying to label itself as being more “international”.
By opening my mouth at the wrong time, I'm always putting myself and my pals behind the eight ball.
By opening my mouth at the wrong time, I’m always putting myself and my pals behind the eight ball.
By opening that old book, she discovered annotations written by an unknown hand.
By openly laughing at the foreign student's accent, Billy undermined her confidence.
By openly mocking non-native speakers, Billy fails to recognize that language learning is a journey for everyone.
By openly mocking the foreign students, the English teacher displayed a lack of cultural sensitivity.
By organizing industrially we are forming the structure of the new society within the shell of the old.
By organizing your belongings, you'll know exactly where to find them.
By other's faults wise men correct their own.
By other’s faults wise men correct their own.
By participating in discussions, one can quickly learn new words.
By plane, please.
By planning on invading Taiwan, China isn't scared of the island's democratic system but it's defending its geostrategic interests by preventing the US from containing it via its allies in the region.
By playing games with Donald Trump they made a huge mistake.
By plucking her petals, you do not gather the beauty of the flower.
By poeticizing love, we imagine in those we love virtues that they often do not possess; this then becomes the source of constant mistakes and constant distress.
By pooling their money, they were able to afford a new computer for the office.
By postponing what you have to do, you run the risk of never being able to do it.
By principle, Tom never lays a finger on girls, and Mary took advantage of that to use him.
By prioritizing girls' education and promoting gender-sensitive policies, Algeria has not only empowered women and girls but has also paved the way for inclusive development and societal progress.
By profession, I'm a policeman.
By promoting drought-resistant crops, adopting water-saving technologies, and empowering local communities, Algeria has not only safeguarded its natural resources but has also bolstered resilience against environmental degradation.
By providing training and capacity building for its public sector employees, Algeria can help them become more efficient and effective in their roles.
By pushing on the pedals, you make the bike go.
By putting the work on exhibit, more people will be able to contemplate it.
By putting your toys away, you're helping to keep our home organized. Thank you!
By reaching the quarterfinal, Mary defended her points from the previous year.
By reading books and discussing concepts, a person can gain wisdom and tolerance of differing ideas.
By reading books we can walk with the great and the good from every place and every era.
By reading interesting stories, you'll soon notice that you already know how to read well in Esperanto.
By reading, we learn ways of expressing ourselves we never even thought of.
By reducing meat consumption, we can improve the environment.
By reducing the distance between producers and consumers the transport costs are lowered, which in turn lowers the sale price of the goods.
By reducing the distance between producers and consumers, you lower the cost of transporting the goods and thereby the sale price.
By registered letter?
By reprogramming the testicle cells of 22 males between the ages of 17–81, researchers are coaxing them to begin the process of becoming muscle, bone and nerve cells.
By researching various methods of recruiting and networking within the industry, you may be able to find job opportunities that offer an increase in salary and career growth potential.
By saying "Mike" I actually meant my dog named Mike.
By saying the wrong thing at the wrong time, I kept getting myself and my friends into awkward situations.
By second grade, students are expected to have basic reading and writing skills.
By seeing an elephant's tusk you know it is larger than a bull; by seeing a tiger's tail you know it is larger than a fox; by seeing one thing, you know many of them.
By serendipity, I ran into Tom and Mary in Boston.
By seven o'clock in the evening, the streets are deserted in this town.
By seven, the sun had mostly set.
By shedding blood, whether humans' or animals', evil is supported on this planet.
By showcasing contemporary works like that of Indian artist Nasreen Mohamedi, visitors will begin to see the Met as more than just an exhibitor of Egyptian tombs and historical artifacts.
By signing a contract, you agree to certain terms and conditions.
By signing the contract, I committed myself to working there for another five years.
By signing this contract, he waives all rights to his work.
By simply changing the orientation of a house in relation to the sun, you can save up to thirty percent of the energy required or wasted for heating or cooling it.
By slowly adding adipoyl chloride solution into a beaker of 1,6-hexanediamine, you can make a strand of nylon that generates more as you pull it out.
By smoking cigarettes, he's making his children sick.
By some estimates, over 130 million women and girls have been subjected to female genital mutilation, particularly in African and Middle Eastern countries.
By some happy fortune, I was not seasick.
By some means you must find your way out of helpless situation.
By some miracle, the bus came on time.
By special arrangement we were allowed to enter the building.
By stealing the day Shrek was born, the conniving elf (in his plot to take over the kingdom) leaves the ogre to deal with a world in which he never existed.
By strengthening self-awareness, a person gains the power to change himself.
By studying Greek, I learn to think as Greeks think.
By studying Lojban, I am testing the Sapir-Whorf Hypothesis, linguistic relativity.
By studying languages, we open new windows through which our souls peek.
By studying overseas, students can come into contact with other manners and customs.
By studying the Doppler shift of different galaxies, scientists have concluded that all of the galaxies are moving away from each other.
By studying the gravitational wave signal, the team discerned this ripple in the cosmic fabric was likely created by the merger or collision of two black holes, about 85 and 66 times the mass of the sun, respectively.
By subway it's more direct; you don't need to transfer.
By such means the Vietnamese soldiers succeeded in making a devastating strike against the fighting spirit of the powerful American military machine's troops.
By summit, do you mean the Group of Eight?
By summit, do you mean the Group of Seven?
By supplying an efficiently designed economy, everyone can enjoy a very high standard of living with all of the amenities of a high technological society.
By supporting Western Sahara's independence, we can contribute to the resolution of one of the longest-running conflicts in Africa, bringing about a just and peaceful solution for all parties involved.
By supporting the Sahrawi cause, Algeria isn't seeking to divide Morocco since Western Sahara isn't part of the Moroccan kingdom.
By supporting the independence of Western Sahara, we can send a strong message to other nations engaged in illegal occupations that such actions will not be tolerated by the international community.
By switching your lover from 3D to 2D, you may successfully reduce all social-interaction-related costs.
By taking a picture, one can look objectively at one's own room.
By taking the knight, the bishop put the opponent's king in check.
By targeting innocent Russian citizens, Western airlines inadvertently contribute to the further division and estrangement among people from different nations.
By teaching, we learn.
By telling him, I convinced him.
By that point, we had run out of money because the original plan to generate monthly income didn't pan out.
By that time I'll have already left.
By that time I’ll have already left.
By that time he will have seen much of the world.
By that time it was late, and they would not be likely to see the hands.
By that time, Janos was fed up.
By that time, astral projection became a prerequisite course in his university.
By that, Boeing means that there may also have been other problems, but that an accident could have been avoided if the crew had done their job correctly.
By the 1750s, all the tribes of the Great Plains had horses.
By the 1830s, coffee was already such a staple that pioneers traveling to the American West made sure to pack coffee beans to have along on the journey.
By the 1860s, moose in New York were virtually wiped out. Dave Gross, curator of The Wild Center at the Natural History Museum of the Adirondacks, says for over a century, there were no sightings of the huge creatures but that changed in the 1970s.
By the 1940s, the qipao came in a wide variety of designs and fabrics, with an equally wide variety of accessories.
By the 2020s, GII was criticized by many, saying that its indices included many factors that had nothing to do with innovation, such as GII's inclusion of "how easy to pay taxes" was criticized for not being there at all innovation.
By the 2070's, colourful sarongs worn by men became mainstream fashion around this world.
By the 22nd century, teleportation of large objects, including animals, became a reality.
By the 23rd century, human clones with genetic modifications, such as a different hair colour, became more common.
By the 23rd century, the Transplantation Theory, which postulated that alien genes were combined with human genes during prehistory, ameliorated the already established Evolution Theory of humanity.
By the 27th century, weather and climatic control became perfected.
By the 8th century, Islam was established in all of North Africa.
By the God of the Hungarians we vow, we vow, that we will be slaves no longer!
By the age of 25, she had lived in 5 different countries.
By the age of 25, she had lived in five different countries.
By the age of seven, he had already made his own bow and arrows.
By the age of sixteen, she had received a scholarship to attend Stanford University.
By the age of thirty he had done everything.
By the age of thirty he had everything.
By the age of twenty-four, Lorenzo had outgrown his shyness.
By the beginning of the afternoon, the weather was amazing. The sun came out and we got to sunbathe!
By the by, that would be fine.
By the by, this ability to will fire into existence is apparently called pyrokinesis.
By the chalice of Jesus, Reverend hermit, what is this infernal liquor?
By the close of the 18th century, bathing was gaining acceptance among the wealthy as a new form of personal care.
By the early 20th century Western Yiddish was mostly extinct, known better from a few words that remained in use than as a living language.
By the early 20th century, Algeria was completely colonized by the French.
By the end of 2006, the number of rural netizens in China was twenty three million one hundred thousand, showing that in six months a total of fourteen million, three hundred thousand rural Chinese got online.
By the end of June 2006, the number of netizens in rural China had reached three million, seven hundred and forty one thousand, making up 5.1% of the total rural population.
By the end of June, Sami was still missing.
By the end of June, they were ready to vote.
By the end of October a Greek journalist who had published the names of over two thousand tax evaders in his own magazine was arrested.
By the end of the 14th century, Lithuania was the largest state in Europe.
By the end of the 17th century, the Alhambra gardens had become almost totally neglected.
By the end of the century, the earth will have experienced a dramatic increase in temperature.
By the end of the month I've got no money left.
By the end of the month, I don't have much money left.
By the end of the second month they were well settled, and, but for the constant dread of attack by wild beasts and the ever growing loneliness, they were not uncomfortable or unhappy.
By the end of the semester I expect you to have memorized Hamlet's soliloquy.
By the end of the summer, this giraffe calf will be completely weaned.
By the end of the trip we were very thirsty.
By the end of the year, the number of people who have spent the night in hotels in our city will pass the one million mark.
By the end of the year, the number of people who have stayed in hotels in our city will exceed one million.
By the end of the year, the number of people who have stayed in hotels in our city will pass the one million mark.
By the end of this weekend past we had despatched enough food now to feed over 250,000 people.
By the evening, John was exhausted.
By the fact itself.
By the fifth century the Gaulish language was everywhere extinct, without having left behind a single record of its literature.
By the fiftieth heartbreak, rejection becomes much easier to handle.
By the first week of February, Tom had completely forgotten about his New Year's resolution.
By the late 19th century, slavery was over, but the American South was still rife with discrimination and injustice for rural African American sharecroppers.
By the late afternoon, Ziri reached the summit.
By the light of the corridor-lamp I saw my sister appear at the opening, her face blanched with terror, her hands groping for help, her whole figure swaying to and fro like that of a drunkard.
By the look in his eye I could tell that he was speaking tongue in cheek.
By the look in your eyes, I sense that you have gotten your back up.
By the look of the sky, it seems like rain will fall down any minute now.
By the luck of the draw, she was hired to join the team of lawyers.
By the middle of the 19th century, periodic bathing had become common.
By the middle of the nineteen eighties, scientists had increased their research on carbon. They were interested in the ability to use this common element to make nano-sized structures.
By the middle of this century, 68 percent of the world will be urbanized, adding 2½ billion people to global cities.
By the practice of methodological doubt, if it is genuine and prolonged, a certain humility as to our knowledge is induced: we become glad to know anything in philosophy, however seemingly trivial.
By the pricking of my thumbs, something wicked this way comes.
By the register of 1764, it appears that the population amounted to 20,100,000.
By the river, there are elegant gray buildings.
By the sea, palms are swaying.
By the sea, the wind blows hard.
By the shower of time, people have forgotten this event.
By the spring of 1778, they were ready to fight again.
By the statue she planted a rosy red weeping willow which grew splendidly, and the fresh delicate branches hung round and over it, till they almost touched the blue sand where the shadows showed violet.
By the summer of 1920, the Red Scare was over.
By the time I am twenty years old, I will have become a lawyer.
By the time I arrived at the hotel, it was already dark.
By the time I arrived at the house I had already stolen a key.
By the time I arrived at the school, the class had already finished.
By the time I arrived, Tom had already left.
By the time I arrived, Tom was already gone.
By the time I arrived, everybody had already gone.
By the time I arrived, everybody had already left.
By the time I arrived, everyone had already gone.
By the time I arrived, everyone had already left.
By the time I arrived, he had already left.
By the time I arrived, the lecture had already begun.
By the time I arrived, the party was already over.
By the time I arrived, the store had already closed.
By the time I came, he'd gone away.
By the time I finish correcting school exercises and compositions, I don't always feel like writing any of my own.
By the time I finished the exercise, all of my classmates had left.
By the time I get home I'll be too tired to do that.
By the time I get home, I'm usually too tired to cook, so I just make myself a sandwich.
By the time I got home, the children were already asleep.
By the time I got out of bed, it was mid-afternoon.
By the time I got there to pick Tom up, he was more than ready to leave.
By the time I got there, Tom had already left.
By the time I got there, Tom was already gone.
By the time I got there, everybody had already left.
By the time I got there, everyone had already left.
By the time I got there, everyone had left.
By the time I got there, everything had already been sold.
By the time I got there, the lecture had already started.
By the time I got there, the party was already over.
By the time I got to school, class was already over.
By the time I got to school, the class had already finished.
By the time I got to the bank, it was closed.
By the time I got to the station, my train had already left.
By the time I got to the station, the train I was hoping to be on had already left.
By the time I noticed that the newspaper had fallen into the water, it had turned into a mushy pulp.
By the time I returned, the concert was over.
By the time I was a teenager, all four of my grandparents were no longer living.
By the time I was born, all my grandparents had died.
By the time I was there, they were very tired.
By the time I was your age, I was already married.
By the time I was your age, I'd already been married for three years.
By the time I was your age, I'd already been working for three years.
By the time I went to John’s home, he had gone to school.
By the time I went to her home, she had gone to the shopping center.
By the time I went to my boyfriend's house, he had gone to bed.
By the time I woke up she wasn't already there.
By the time I woke up, it was already late.
By the time I'd gotten home, the tall bouquet had gone flaccid from the summer heat.
By the time Mariner 2 approached Venus, one of its solar arrays had failed and the vehicle came dangerously close to overheating, but it remained healthy enough to complete its scientific mission.
By the time Mennad got off the bus, Baya was already gone.
By the time Mennad got to high school, he started to realize that he had many insecurities about his looks.
By the time Pierre Gringoire had arrived at the Place de Grève, he was numb.
By the time Robert arrived, it was pitch dark.
By the time Tom arrived, the party was already almost over.
By the time Tom arrived, the party was already over.
By the time Tom arrived, the party was already winding down.
By the time Tom gets here, I'll already be gone.
By the time Tom got home, we were already eating dinner.
By the time Tom got there, the concert had already begun.
By the time Tom got to the bus stop, the bus he was planning to take had already left.
By the time Tom got to the post office, it was already closed.
By the time Tom got to the shop it was shut.
By the time Tom got to the shop, it was already closed.
By the time Tom got to the store, it was already closed.
By the time Tom got to the train station, the train he wanted to catch had already left the station.
By the time Tom had turned thirty, he was completely bald.
By the time Tom had turned thirty, he'd gone completely bald.
By the time Tom had turned thirty, he'd gone completely blind.
By the time Tom realized what was going on, the police had already arrested Mary.
By the time Tom realized what was happening, it was too late.
By the time Ziri and Rima grew up, they became a couple.
By the time Ziri was done washing his hands, the sink was almost overflowing.
By the time an ambulance arrived, Yanni was dead.
By the time an ambulance arrives, Yanni will be dead.
By the time he asked me for the report, I'd already had it done for ages.
By the time he finds out, it will be too late.
By the time he retires, my father will have worked for almost thirty years.
By the time he was 20, when he was caught, he had cashed millions of dollars in phony checks.
By the time he was forty, Donald was famous and very rich.
By the time he was ready to cut his eye-teeth his parents were already dead.
By the time he's 20, Fadil is tired of taking care of his family.
By the time human civilization was a million years old, it had achieved mastery of faster-than-lightspeed voyages.
By the time my father retires, he will have worked for almost thirty years.
By the time night fell, Ziri decided he shouldn't sleep until he was out of the woods.
By the time our long conversation was over, Mother was tired of standing.
By the time our mother came, we had cleaned our room.
By the time she gets there, it will be nearly dark.
By the time she gets there, she will be happy again.
By the time she is 18, she will live in a place far away from home.
By the time that he tried 966, Dima was beginning to give up hope.
By the time the ambulance arrived, Tom was already dead.
By the time the bus arrived at the hotel, most of the passengers were asleep.
By the time the cops arrived, Diego was gone.
By the time the cops got there, Diego was gone.
By the time the fire fighters arrived, Yanni's camper had almost burned out.
By the time the guests arrive, you will be totally drunk.
By the time the judges arrived, he had already carved a perfect replica of the Eiffel Tower out of Gouda.
By the time the opening match of the World Cup happened, it had stopped raining.
By the time the party is over, dawn will be breaking.
By the time the police arrived, the robbers had already left the house.
By the time the senator finished his speech, the audience had lost interest.
By the time the sun sets, we will arrive at the destination.
By the time the towering Saturn V rocket carrying the Apollo 13 crew left the launchpad at Cape Canaveral, Florida, thundering into the skies on April 11, 1970, traveling to the moon seemed about as interesting to the general public as commuting to work.
By the time they find the body, I'll be long gone.
By the time they get up it will be too late to have a fun day out somewhere.
By the time we are in Ho Chi Minh City, he will be there too.
By the time we arrived the concert had ended.
By the time we came, it was dark.
By the time we get to Boston, it'll be dark.
By the time we got home, it was almost dark.
By the time we got there, he had left.
By the time we got there, it was already dark.
By the time we got there, it was already too late.
By the time we got there, the ship had left.
By the time we got there, there was only one puppy left, so we ended up getting the runt of the litter.
By the time we got to the party, almost everybody had gone home.
By the time we got to the party, almost everyone had gone home.
By the time we got to the party, there wasn't any food left.
By the time we had arrived, it was already dark.
By the time we had walked four miles, he was exhausted.
By the time we land at Boston, it will be dark.
By the time we reach his town, he will have moved to his new house.
By the time we reached home, the sun had completely set.
By the time we reached the shelter, the rain stopped.
By the time you arrive, all arrangements will have been made.
By the time you came back, I'd already left.
By the time you came back, I’d already left.
By the time you come back, I'll be gone.
By the time you come back, I’ll be gone.
By the time you decide to buy this bag, they will have sold it.
By the time you get back, I'll be gone.
By the time you get back, she'll have left.
By the time you get here, the film will have started.
By the time you get home, all the cherry blossoms will have fallen.
By the time you get out of jail, she'll probably have gotten married.
By the time you get out of jail, she’ll probably have gotten married.
By the time you get out of prison, she'll be married.
By the time you get out of prison, she'll have been married.
By the time you get out of prison, she’ll have been married.
By the time you get there, it will be nearly dark.
By the time you get this letter, I’ll have already left the country.
By the time you got there, the sun had set.
By the time you land at Narita, it will be dark.
By the time you read this letter, I will be in London.
By the time you realize I'm gone, I'll be miles away. Don't try to find me.
By the time you wish to be a good son, your parents are long gone.
By the virtues of supply and demand, her husband was always in demand.
By the wall there was a desk two meters long.
By the way, Algeria not only has no industry, it can't even put a hole in a sewing needle. Finally, Algeria is a huge digestive tract!
By the way, Charlie raised his hand.
By the way, Donald's grandpa was our Berber teacher.
By the way, I am eating a bean stew right now.
By the way, I am very, very hungry.
By the way, I found out from Yahoo's scientific newsletter that hugging regularly strengthens one's health and prolongs one's life.
By the way, I have a boyfriend.
By the way, I have a girlfriend.
By the way, I have something to tell you.
By the way, I haven't listened to Avril's first album yet. Do you have it?
By the way, I like your new haircut.
By the way, I loved the letter.
By the way, I met a friend of yours yesterday.
By the way, I plan to do that for this story's sequel.
By the way, I plan to do that for this story’s sequel.
By the way, I saw Tom last night.
By the way, I saw him yesterday.
By the way, I think you're really nice.
By the way, I think you’re really nice.
By the way, I wonder how much of a hand Hiragawa MP plays in this matter?
By the way, I'm moving back to Boston.
By the way, I've got to tell you something.
By the way, Mary used to be a teacher.
By the way, Mike, please tell me how to get to your house.
By the way, Ren. Should I take your hand? Every year you wander off.
By the way, Tom and Mary are in town.
By the way, Tom is in town.
By the way, Tom is still wondering why the celebration of the Constitution Day of Russian Federation was canceled a few years ago.
By the way, Tom still wants to go out with you.
By the way, Ziri is here. You wanna say hello?
By the way, are you called Robin as well?
By the way, are you free this afternoon?
By the way, are you free tonight?
By the way, did you find the umbrella that you lost that time?
By the way, did you find the umbrella you lost recently?
By the way, did you find the umbrella you recently lost?
By the way, did you find the umbrella you said you'd lost the other day?
By the way, did you have any spare time to go sightseeing while you were there?
By the way, did you hear that Mary quit her job?
By the way, do you have any spare batteries?
By the way, do you know a good restaurant around here?
By the way, do you play the violin?
By the way, do you speak Ukrainian fluently?
By the way, do you think that when you die that's it?
By the way, do you think that when you die that’s it?
By the way, do you think there's anything after death?
By the way, do you think there’s anything after death?
By the way, have you done your homework?
By the way, have you ever been to Boston?
By the way, have you ever been to Europe?
By the way, have you ever been to Hokkaido?
By the way, have you heard about Suzuki?
By the way, have you heard from her since then?
By the way, have you heard from him lately?
By the way, have you read my latest book on this topic?
By the way, have you seen anything of Carter lately?
By the way, have you seen him lately?
By the way, he's already at the office.
By the way, he's not a singer. He's an actor.
By the way, how many children are going?
By the way, how many children will be going?
By the way, how many kids are going?
By the way, how many of you are keeping a diary?
By the way, how many of you keep a diary?
By the way, how many of you keep diaries?
By the way, how old are you?
By the way, how old is Tom, anyway?
By the way, how was your date with your boss?
By the way, how was your date?
By the way, how's your dad doing?
By the way, how's your dad?
By the way, how's your father doing?
By the way, how's your father?
By the way, if you translate from Japanese, avoid unowned sentences - there are very many unnatural and just incorrect sentences among them.
By the way, in case he comes, let him wait for me.
By the way, is there another way to say "by the way"?
By the way, is there anything in particular your wife might like as a present?
By the way, is there some blog or column online that you check often? Well, it doesn't have to be online; magazines are fine, too.
By the way, it also works with the wheel of a wheel mouse.
By the way, it's my own doing.
By the way, it's your turn to tell me a story.
By the way, just cause there are no matches for a phrase in Google doesn't mean it's bad.
By the way, may I ask when in the evening your restaurant opens?
By the way, my English is absolutely hopeless.
By the way, next week will be our university graduation ceremony.
By the way, one tenth of one percent is one hundred percent of one per thousand.
By the way, that's my credit.
By the way, the goal of the 1000 Genomes project isn't to sequence the genetic code of exactly 1,000 people. Instead, the aim is to identify genetic variations that occur in at least one out of every 100 people or one percent. In particular, that will require using genetic material from many thousands of people from all over the world. And it will need to include a lot more geographic diversity. Only a handful of genomes from Latin America and Africa have been sequenced so far.
By the way, the harbour is the thing most worth seeing in town.
By the way, the owner of this restaurant is a friend of mine.
By the way, the pastry known as "Shu Cream" in Japan is not known under this name neither in England nor in France. If you ask for a "Shu Cream" in England, you will end up comically receiving shoe shine.
By the way, this week - no matter what flags are set - it's a certainty that there will be no ecchi scenes. You'll just have to bear with it a while.
By the way, this week - no matter what flags are set - it’s a certainty that there will be no ecchi scenes. You’ll just have to bear with it a while.
By the way, today is the 8th of June â€” my wife’s birthday.
By the way, today is the 8th of June — my wife's birthday.
By the way, we're now flying over Poland.
By the way, what are you doing after this?
By the way, what are you going to do after this?
By the way, what do the protesters want?
By the way, what do you do?
By the way, what happened to the money I lent you?
By the way, what is the matter with him?
By the way, what is your address?
By the way, what time is it?
By the way, what time will you go there?
By the way, what's your address?
By the way, where are you from?
By the way, where do you live?
By the way, where does Tom live?
By the way, where does he live?
By the way, where is Tom?
By the way, where were you last night?
By the way, where were you?
By the way, where's Tom?
By the way, which language did you learn?
By the way, would you like to come and see my mother?
By the way, you can all call me Tom.
By the way, you look really beautiful.
By the way, you're not the first foreigner who finds fault with this phrase, but it sounds quite natural to me.
By the way, you're very attractive.
By the way, your fly is open.
By the way, your instructions to me never to allow Sir Henry to go out alone will become very much more onerous if a love-affair were to be added to our other difficulties.
By the year 1910, the book "Alice in Wonderland" had already been translated into the following languages: German, French, Swedish, Italian, Russian, Danish, Dutch, Norwegian, Finnish and Esperanto.
By the year 2020, the population of our city will have doubled.
By the year 2020, the population of this city will have doubled.
By their appearance, dolphins might look like fish, but they actually belong to the mammalian family.
By their estimation, more than 300,000 foreign students from 175 different countries took the test this past year.
By their fruit you will recognize them.
By then Tony was in his middle sixties and still able to work hard, but he had a brand-new truck now, a new mower, a lot of other equipment and three people helping him.
By then it all began.
By then it will already be too late.
By then, however, it was too late.
By then, it was far too late.
By then, it won't even matter.
By then, you will have finished it.
By this I reached the roof-top, whence in vain / the luckless Teucrians hurled their unavailing rain.
By this age, society tells you to have ten children.
By this everyone will know that you are my disciples, if you love one another.
By this point in my life, I've seen it all.
By this point in the game, the smaller health potions are almost useless.
By this point, candy was the one thing keeping me awake.
By this time I should think every Christmas dinner at Dreamthorp or elsewhere has come to an end.
By this time next year, you will have visited almost all the famous places in Japan.
By this time the horses had recovered breath and bent to their collars again.
By this time tomorrow, Tom will be in Australia.
By this time tomorrow, Tom will be in Boston.
By this time tomorrow, we will have already arrived.
By this time tomorrow, we'll be in Boston.
By this time tomorrow, we'll have arrived.
By this time, a lot of Poplar Island had dropped into the bay. The erosion formed a small island that was named Jefferson Island. A clubhouse was built there. During the nineteen thirties it became a favorite weekend place for Democratic Party politicians and businessmen. The clubhouse burned down in nineteen forty-six.
By this time, his entire family was battling fever.
By this time, his entire family was battling fevers.
By this time, his singing style was regarded by the public as rather old-fashioned.
By this time, the whole house was in flames.
By three consecutive weddings the Austrian monarchy became the dominant house of Europe for a quarter of a century.
By tomorrow morning all the world will have been covered with snow.
By tomorrow morning this girl will have done it.
By tomorrow today will be yesterday.
By tomorrow, I will have returned.
By tomorrow, it will have been snowing for a week.
By tomorrow, there'll be no more problems.
By tomorrow, we'll know who won the elections.
By tonight, you have to fix the bathroom faucet.
By tracking the location of the spacecraft, the team found that it had traveled 1.7 kilometers farther from Earth in just four days thanks to the gentle influence of sunlight.
By tradition, people play practical jokes on 1 April.
By tradition, the Kabyle cake was divided into 4 to 8 parts by the grandmother or the hostess. If there is a part left, she brings it to her lips and then reserves it for the current absentee or the deceased, to honor his/her soul.
By tradition, the person who retrieves the wooden cross will be freed from evil spirits and will be healthy throughout the year.
By training only with the computer, you will never be able to understand chess.
By turning the page, we can dismiss the characters in a book without fear of hurting their feelings.
By using Tatoeba one learns languages.
By using Tatoeba, one learns languages.
By using a common bacteria, scientists have figured out a way to potentially sterilize disease-carrying mosquitoes. That could make it possible to control the mosquito that spreads Zika and Dengue.
By using four types of metal, specific frequency resonance is suppressed.
By using the lunar module as a temporary lifeboat, Lovell and his crew were able to slingshot around the moon and limp back to Earth.
By using this banana case, you can transport bananas without squashing them.
By using this corporate jargon, Mark wanted to sound smarter.
By virtue of frugality he has made a fortune.
By visualizing microscopic objects as "tiny green marbles," physicists imagine mathematical models in which those microscopic objects are embedded, being treated as if they were real.
By volume of water, Lake Baikal is the largest freshwater lake in the world. It's the world's seventh largest freshwater lake by surface area.
By walking briskly, no one will see.
By walking in the city, we can discover monuments with rich history and fascinating architecture.
By war peace is strengthened.
By way of conclusion he said as follows.
By way of thanks for her hospitality, I gave her a bunch of flowers.
By what age do you want to get married?
By what age would you like to get married?
By what authority do you order me to do this?
By what is written.
By what means did he set the time on his watch?
By what means did water arrive on Earth?
By what method did you learn Lojban?
By what percent will you discount the prices?
By what process do you suggest I do something?
By which road do we travel to Quds?
By whom did you get this English composition corrected?
By whom was the company founded?
By whom was the island discovered?
By whom was the news told you?
By whom was the window broken?
By whom was this done?
By whom was this machine invented?
By whom was this picture painted?
By whom was this poem written?
By whom was this window broken?
By whom were these poems written?
By whom?
By working together, we were able to successfully complete a difficult project.
By your standards, I'm useless.
By ’Torii’ you mean that red objet d’art at the top of the steps?
Bye for now.
Bye then!
Bye!
Bye! Let's do this again!
Bye! Take care!
Bye, Buddy.
Bye, José!
Bye, Sayoko!
Bye, Tom.
Bye, good night.
Bye, mother.
Bye, see you tomorrow!
Bye-bye!
Bye-bye, little old lady!
Bye.
Bypassing this obstacle, you find your way again.
Byron drinks from the baby's bottle.
Byron left England, never to return.
Bystanders gaping at a giant screen watched physicists hunched over computers at the CERN Control Center inject the first beam of protons into the Large Hadron Collider.
Bystanders held up the emergency services.
Bystanders should be trained in safe rescue and resuscitation.
BÃ©la takes his son to school every day, because he is a mindful father.
Bành mì is a Vietnamese sandwich.
Béla can't harm you anymore.
Béla takes his son to school every day, because he is a mindful father.
Bénin is a country in West Africa.
C is do, D is re, E is mi, F is fa, G is sol, A is la, B is si.
C is formed by reacting A with B.
C is the perfect "other extreme" to Python. It’s the most low level of the mainstream programming languages, and almost universally serves as glue between other languages and systems.
C structures allow the grouping of scalar variables, such as the coordinates of a point.
C# is similar to Java.
C'est la vie!
C'est la vie.
C'mon guys, this is a party so let your hair down and relax a little.
C'mon man, don't be stingy.
C'mon! English is easy!
C'mon, get up!
C'mon, it's not that bad.
C'mon, let's eat something!
C'mon, let's go!
C'mon, you got this.
C's get degrees.
C++0x will admit template functions that take an arbitrary number of arguments.
C-47 has landed.
C.C. Pei said the areas of plants around the embassy were influenced by Chinese and Western traditions to create a natural and calming design.
CARE is one of leading food distributors for the UN World Food Program in Kenya’s North Eastern Province. And it’s helping supply water to about 50,000 people through efforts to restore wells and boreholes.
CBS should cancel this show.
CCF is also working with the government of Iran - home to less than 100 cheetahs - to double that number within the next 10 years.
CCTV cameras captured the death of the businessman.
CDs have taken the place of records.
CEO must be a very easy job if Elon Musk is CEO of three companies at the same time.
CEO pay has exploded in recent decades.
CEO's of American corporations are paid several times their Japanese counterparts.
CEO’s of American corporations are paid several times their Japanese counterparts.
CHAZ was a horrible place.
CK should definitely go Sony!
CK writes a lot of sentences for Tatoeba.
CMEs can spark powerful geomagnetic storms if they slam into Earth’s magnetic field.
CNN White House correspondent Jim Acosta asked Trump, “What do you say to Americans who are concerned that you're not taking this seriously enough and that some of your statements don't match what your health experts are saying?” The president responded, “That’s CNN. Fake news.”
COPD is a group of diseases, including emphysema, that is characterized by coughing, wheezing, shortness of breath and chest tightness.
COPD, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, blocks airflow through the lungs.
COVID has forced many people to become their own hair stylists.
COVID isn't over.
COVID passports violate human rights.
COVID-19 affects the respiratory system.
COVID-19 can cause serious damage to the brain.
COVID-19 cases are on the rise.
COVID-19 has amplified Algeria's economic problems.
COVID-19 has been spreading rapidly in America recently.
COVID-19 has caused a bike boom in the city as thousands of Big Apple residents swap their cars and subways for two wheels.
COVID-19 is caused by a virus.
COVID-19 is scary, so please be careful.
COVID-19 is the disease caused by the coronavirus.
COVID-19 lockdowns brought bluer skies to some of the world's smoggy cities.
COVID-19 turns the patient's own cells into virus factories.
COVID-19 vaccination rates have tripled in the vaccine-hesitant state of Louisiana over the past month. The main reason, experts say, is not the incentives offered across the state. It is the alarming surge of the delta virus variant and its toll on younger patients.
COVID-19's been crazy recently.
COâ‚‚ has a lot to do with the so-called greenhouse effect.
CO₂ building up in the atmosphere and trapping solar heat over the past century is widely blamed for today's melting glaciers, shrinking ice sheets and rising ocean waters. But other heat-trapping pollutants have a more short-term impact, and the researchers say cutting those emissions could be a more effective way to slow the rate of climate warming and reduce sea-level rise.
CO₂ has a lot to do with the so-called greenhouse effect.
CO₂ is strongly related to the greenhouse effect.
CO₂ levels never rose over 280 parts per million until 1950.
CPA is one of Algeria's biggest banks.
CPR is a fundamental rescue technique in an emergency situation with another person.
CPR stands for cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
CRB lost to JSK four to five.
CSS is a computer language for laying out and structuring web pages (HTML or XML).
CTPH field station at Bwindi’s tourist site in Buhoma offers animal management training to park rangers and members of the Human/Gorilla Conflict Resolution Team. It includes a group of local people trained by the Uganda Wildlife Authority to chase straying gorillas back to the park. Through a partnership with Makerere University, it also offers computer training to build skills for tourism-related employment and services, such as e-commerce.
CV stands for curriculum vitae.
Cabaret is a form of show.
Cabbage can also be eaten raw.
Cabbage can be eaten raw.
Cabbage is in season.
Cabbage soup and beet soup are traditional foods in both Russia and Eastern Europe.
Cabbage will change your life.
Cabbage, cauliflower, broccoli, and Brussels sprouts are all cultivars of the same species.
Cabin crew, please prepare for takeoff.
Cabin crew, prepare the cabin for takeoff.
Cable boxes are more useful as places for cats to sleep than as entertainment machines.
Cables need insulation to prevent short circuits.
Cabo Verdeans have settled in the US, Europe, Africa, and South America.
Cacao can only grow within about 20° north and south of the equator.
Cacao trees only prosper under specific conditions, including fairly uniform temperatures, high humidity, abundant rain, nitrogen-rich soil, and protection from wind.
Cacao trees thrive in rainforests.
Cacti are plants that live in dry places.
Cacti need only a little water.
Cactuses are very good at storing water.
Cactuses need only a little water.
Cadmium is the name for the element with atomic number 48 and is represented by the symbol Cd. It is a member of the transition metals group.
Cadmium poisoning is a very common cause of death in the south.
Caesar built a bridge across the Rhine.
Caesar connected the extension cord to his computer so he could chat in bed.
Caesar did not have a bike.
Caesar dug out a bone and gave it to Woofy.
Caesar encouraged the soldiers and committed them to battle.
Caesar erected a golden statue of Cleopatra.
Caesar had no mobile phone.
Caesar is not above grammarians.
Caesar leaves Gaul, crosses the Rubicon, and enters Italy.
Caesar led the whole cavalry across the mountain.
Caesar rewarded the brave soldiers.
Caesar stripped the enemy of their arms.
Caesar surpassed all men in bravery.
Caesar was born in Rome on 13 July 100 BC and died there on 15 March 44 BC.
Caesar was born in Rome.
Caesar was elected dictator for life.
Caesar was eloquent.
Caesar was informed about their arrival.
Caesar was murdered.
Caesar was waiting to see what plan the enemy would adopt.
Caesar, when about to set out for Rome, did not wait.
Caesarion was the son of Cleopatra and Julius Caesar.
Caesar’s audacity was the beginning of a very distinguished military and political career. In time, like Alexander the Great and Napoleon Bonapart, he became one of the most famous figures in world history.
Caeser defeated the Brits in many battles.
Caeser was the leader of the Romans.
Cafe owner Amirah Gajia is among those who have stepped forward to help Britain's NHS workers.
Caffeine can temporarily increase your blood pressure.
Caffeine is a drug.
Caffeine is a purinergic antagonist that competitively inhibits adenosine at the sites of P1 receptors.
Caffeine is addictive.
Caffeine is an addictive drug.
Caffeine is the fuel powering civilization.
Caffeine is the most widely consumed psychoactive drug.
Caifeng possesses a captivating and stunning Asian beauty that is truly mesmerizing.
Caifeng's eyes, with their gentle almond shape, are captivating and expressive, exuding warmth and depth.
Caifeng's soft and gentle aura complements her beautiful Asian looks.
Caifeng, I like your name.
Caimans are cold-blooded.
Caimans are excellent swimmers.
Caimans are on the top of the food chain.
Caimans can wait the dry season out.
Caimans have excellent night vision.
Caimans have powerful tails.
Caimans hunt primarily by sight.
Cain attacked Abel.
Cain killed Abel.
Cain was evil.
Cain was not his brother's keeper.
Cain wasn't a good brother.
Cain wasn't a good sibling.
Cain, where is your brother Abel?
Cairo has a very warm climate.
Cairo has changed.
Cairo is Egypt's capital.
Cairo is a crowded city.
Cairo is the biggest city in Africa.
Cairo is the capital of Egypt.
Cairo photojournalist Hamada Elrasam gives us a peek inside the magnificent stone structure whose beauty and splendor gives visitors a sense of what was once one of the world's most vibrant Jewish communities.
Cairo was the happiest place on earth for Fadil.
Cairo was the happiest place on earth for Sami.
CaitrÃ­ona was born in 1985.
Caitríona was born in 1985.
Cake is a tasty dessert.
Cake is good.
Cake was served by Ziri.
Cake? I'm suddenly hungry again.
Cake? I’m suddenly hungry again.
CakePHP is a PHP framework.
Cakes fall under the pastry umbrella.
Cakes have such a terrible habit of turning out bad just when you especially want them to be good.
Cakes, pies, croissants and cinnamon rolls are all types of pastries.
Calamity Jane lived in California.
Calcification is often confused with ossification.
Calcium is a chemical element with the symbol Ca.
Calcium is absent from his diet.
Calcium is an essential mineral for the human body.
Calcium is not an alkali metal.
Calcium is the name for the element with atomic number 20 and is represented by the symbol Ca. It is a member of the alkaline earth metal group.
Calcium, heated with a Bunsen burner, turns the flame orange-red.
Calculate how much money we will need next year.
Calculate how much money we'll need next year.
Calculate the area of this polygon.
Calculate this one limit.
Calculated by today’s usage, the average person spends a little over 76,500 hours – or 8.74 years – on a smartphone over a lifetime, according to a recent study by a mobile device comparison site, WhistleOut.
Calculating the risk which is involved in the event of failure, he demanded a show-down with the other party.
Calculation is miles easier if you have a calculator.
Calculus just did not appeal to Mary.
Calculus was developed by Leibniz and Newton independently of each other around the same time period.
Calculus was developed by Newton and Leibniz independently.
Calculus was discovered separately by Gottfried Leibniz and Isaac Newton.
CalderÃ³n’s plays are very interesting.
Calderón's plays are very interesting.
Caleb and I must both learn, madam, to undergo with good humour, or at least with patience, the ridicule which everywhere attaches itself to poverty.
Caleb and Sophia both left Jehovah's Witnesses and became gay.
Caleb fixed the broken window.
Caleb got really angry when, screaming about cultural appropriation, Keiko called out his man-bun.
Caleb has it all figured out.
Caleb hastened to the eastern battlement, which commanded the prospect of the whole sands, very near as far as the village of Wolf's Hope. He could easily see his master riding in that direction, as fast as the horse could carry him.
Caleb seldom made an excursion from the old fortress to the neighbouring village of Wolf's Hope without bringing back what tidings were current in the vicinity.
Caleb was as bold as any lion where the honour of the family of Ravenswood was concerned.
Calentita is part of Algeria's fast food.
Calhoun had presidential hopes.
Calhoun wanted to be the next president.
Calhoun was too weak to read his speech.
California Governor Gavin Newsom Thursday ordered the state's 40 million residents to stay home.
California Governor Gavin Newsom has signed a first-of-its-kind law that will allow student athletes to hire agents and negotiate payments for the use of their name, image and likeness.
California Governor Jerry Brown declared a state of emergency and asked for financial aid from the federal government in Washington.
California and Nevada border on each other.
California and New York residents have been ordered to stay home to help stop the spread of COVID-19.
California condors are endangered by lead poisoning.
California firefighters have volunteered to spend their free time shopping for food essentials and delivering it to those who absolutely have to stay home.
California has an official animal, the grizzly bear, and a state bird, the California quail.
California is a predominantly blue state.
California is about as large as Japan.
California is beautiful.
California is boring.
California is famous for its fruit.
California is famous for its fruits.
California is hella cool.
California is known for being frequently colored orange on maps.
California scientists attached a tiny electric circuit to a protein in the human teardrop and watched it destroy invading germs.
California was the 31st state admitted to the United States.
California, here I am!
California, here I come!
Californians are bracing for what could be the next big earthquake. Scientists have developed a new early warning system relying on sensors and an algorithm to help prepare.
California’s state Board of Equalization estimated the tampon tax repeal would have cost $20 million in 2016.
Californium is a chemical element denoted by the symbol Cf.
Caligula appointed his horse as a priest.
Caligula was a mad emperor.
Calina needs to go back to the doctor next week. And while I'm on the subject, don't forget to pick up her prescription on your way home from work.
Calina needs to go back to the doctor next week. And while I’m on the subject, don’t forget to pick up her prescription on your way home from work.
Call 1-800 TATOEBA now for a free sentence.
Call 1-800-828-6322 for a free brochure.
Call 1-800-828-6322 for more information.
Call 110 immediately.
Call 110 right now.
Call 911!
Call 911.
Call Disk Gás and ask for a new cylinder.
Call HR.
Call Ishmael.
Call Mary and ask her to come back.
Call Mary and see what she thinks.
Call Mary and tell her I can't meet her this afternoon.
Call Mary and tell her to come here.
Call Mary and tell her we'll be late.
Call Mary and tell her we're on our way.
Call Mary and tell her where we are.
Call Mary and tell her you'll be late.
Call Mary and tell her you're here.
Call Mary this evening.
Call Tom and Mary and ask them to come back.
Call Tom and Mary and tell them I can't meet them this afternoon.
Call Tom and Mary and tell them to come here.
Call Tom and Mary and tell them we'll be late.
Call Tom and Mary and tell them we're on our way.
Call Tom and Mary and tell them where we are.
Call Tom and Mary and tell them you'll be late.
Call Tom and Mary this evening.
Call Tom and ask him to come back.
Call Tom and ask him what he thinks about this.
Call Tom and cancel your appointment.
Call Tom and cancel.
Call Tom and see what he thinks.
Call Tom and tell him I can't meet him this afternoon.
Call Tom and tell him about it.
Call Tom and tell him that you will be late.
Call Tom and tell him that you'll be late.
Call Tom and tell him to come here.
Call Tom and tell him to come over.
Call Tom and tell him we'll be late.
Call Tom and tell him we're on our way.
Call Tom and tell him we're on the way.
Call Tom and tell him where we are.
Call Tom and tell him you'll be late.
Call Tom and tell him you're here.
Call Tom as soon as possible.
Call Tom at 2:30.
Call Tom first thing in the morning.
Call Tom for me.
Call Tom for more details.
Call Tom for more information.
Call Tom idiot and you will see what happens.
Call Tom if anything goes wrong.
Call Tom if anything looks wrong.
Call Tom immediately.
Call Tom in the morning.
Call Tom now.
Call Tom right away.
Call Tom right now.
Call Tom soon.
Call Tom this evening.
Call Tom to the phone.
Call Tom tonight.
Call Tom up at 2:30.
Call Tom's bluff.
Call Tom, but don't tell him what happened.
Call Tom, but don't tell him what really happened. Tell him it was an accident.
Call Tom, please.
Call Tom.
Call Yanni.
Call Ziri out on it.
Call Ziri.
Call a cab!
Call a cab, and let's go home.
Call a cab.
Call a doctor at once.
Call a doctor immediately.
Call a doctor quickly!
Call a doctor quickly.
Call a doctor!
Call a doctor.
Call a good lawyer.
Call a nurse.
Call a plumber.
Call a policeman.
Call a security guard.
Call a spade a spade.
Call a taxi for me.
Call a taxi for us.
Call a taxi immediately.
Call a taxi in the meantime.
Call a taxi in the morning, please.
Call a taxi to pick us.
Call a taxi.
Call a taxicab to take us.
Call a tow truck, please.
Call after the job is done.
Call after you've crossed the border.
Call again if you need anything.
Call again in a few days.
Call again in a few minutes.
Call again when you get to town.
Call ahead to save time.
Call all your brothers.
Call all your kids.
Call an ambulance!
Call an ambulance.
Call an electrician.
Call an exterminator.
Call and ask for an interview.
Call and tell Tom we're running late.
Call any time for an appointment.
Call any time tomorrow.
Call any time you want.
Call anybody you like.
Call anybody you want.
Call anyone you want.
Call anytime you want.
Call as many people as you want.
Call as soon as possible.
Call as soon as you arrive.
Call as soon as you can.
Call at my office at any time.
Call back at lunchtime.
Call back if things get serious.
Call back in a couple hours.
Call back in a few days.
Call back in a few minutes.
Call back in an hour.
Call back in half an hour.
Call back later.
Call back this afternoon.
Call back up now.
Call back your dog.
Call back.
Call before you come here.
Call before you come next time.
Call before you come over.
Call before you go home.
Call before you leave.
Call both of them.
Call child protection services.
Call everyone on this list.
Call everyone over here.
Call everyone to the table.
Call everyone you know.
Call for backup.
Call for help!
Call for help.
Call for more information.
Call for reinforcements.
Call her at 3.
Call her immediately.
Call her now, man!
Call her now.
Call her sweetheart.
Call her this evening.
Call her tomorrow.
Call her up at three.
Call her whatever you want.
Call her.
Call him a tiger and he will eat you, call him Mr. Tiger and he will still eat you.
Call him again.
Call him an abyss - how deep he is!
Call him if the message is important.
Call him immediately.
Call him now.
Call him so that he comes to eat with us.
Call him this evening.
Call him tonight!
Call him tonight.
Call him up if you want him.
Call him up right away.
Call him yourself and ask.
Call him, and ask him about it.
Call him.
Call him. You'll see he'll be pleased.
Call his answering service and leave a message.
Call home!
Call if there's trouble.
Call if you need anything.
Call if you need me.
Call in the cavalry.
Call it a Catch-22, but sometimes, you just can't realistically come out on top.
Call it a day, Tom! There's always tomorrow.
Call it a day, Tom. Tomorrow's another day.
Call it a day.
Call it anything you want.
Call it what you like.
Call it what you want.
Call it what you will.
Call it whatever you want.
Call me Harry, if you don't mind.
Call me Ishmael, Tom.
Call me Ishmael.
Call me Ismaël.
Call me Jack.
Call me Mennad.
Call me Monday morning to check on the status.
Call me Mr. Ziri.
Call me Sami.
Call me Skura.
Call me Tom from now on.
Call me Tom!
Call me Tom, please.
Call me Tom.
Call me a cab.
Call me a taxi.
Call me after you cross the border.
Call me after you get back home.
Call me after you get to Mexico.
Call me after you talk to Tom.
Call me after you talk to her.
Call me after you talk to him.
Call me after you talk to them.
Call me after you talk to your parents.
Call me after you've spoken with Tom.
Call me again if you need more help.
Call me again in two days.
Call me again sometime.
Call me an idealist.
Call me any time you want.
Call me any time, if necessary.
Call me anything but late for dinner.
Call me anything you want, just not late for dinner.
Call me anytime.
Call me anytime. I always have a shoulder to cry on.
Call me around two, two-thirty.
Call me as soon as Tom arrives.
Call me as soon as you arrive.
Call me as soon as you find Tom.
Call me as soon as you get home.
Call me as soon as you get to your hotel.
Call me as soon as you meet up with him.
Call me as soon as you're on my street.
Call me at 2:30.
Call me at 9 o'clock tomorrow.
Call me at 9:00 tomorrow.
Call me at eight.
Call me at four; I must take the first train.
Call me at half past six please.
Call me at my office.
Call me at nine tomorrow morning.
Call me at once, in case there is an accident.
Call me at six tomorrow morning.
Call me at six-thirty, please.
Call me at the office tomorrow morning.
Call me at the office.
Call me at this number.
Call me back on my home phone.
Call me back when you find it.
Call me back.
Call me before you go.
Call me before you leave.
Call me by my name.
Call me dad.
Call me every few days, and in that way we can keep in touch if something happens.
Call me for anything. I'll help.
Call me from the airport.
Call me from the station.
Call me if anything changes.
Call me if anything goes wrong.
Call me if anything happens.
Call me if anything interesting happens.
Call me if it rains.
Call me if something happens.
Call me if there are any problems.
Call me if there's a change.
Call me if there's any change.
Call me if there's any trouble.
Call me if there's anything I can do.
Call me if you aren't able to come.
Call me if you can't come.
Call me if you change your mind.
Call me if you decide not to come.
Call me if you discover anything.
Call me if you feel any worse?
Call me if you find Tom.
Call me if you find anything.
Call me if you find her.
Call me if you find him.
Call me if you find it.
Call me if you find out anything.
Call me if you find something out.
Call me if you find something.
Call me if you find them.
Call me if you have a problem.
Call me if you have any problems at all.
Call me if you have any problems.
Call me if you have difficulties.
Call me if you have problems.
Call me if you hear from Tom.
Call me if you learn anything.
Call me if you need any help.
Call me if you need any more help.
Call me if you need any more money.
Call me if you need anything.
Call me if you need anything. I'll be in the next room.
Call me if you need anything. I'm in the next room.
Call me if you need assistance.
Call me if you need help.
Call me if you need me.
Call me if you need my assistance.
Call me if you need my help.
Call me if you need something.
Call me if you want to do something together tomorrow.
Call me if you won't be able to come.
Call me if you're able to come.
Call me if you're going to be late.
Call me if you're not able to come.
Call me if you’ll be free this weekend.
Call me immediately after you meet him.
Call me immediately if anything happens.
Call me immediately in case of an accident.
Call me in the afternoon.
Call me in the evening.
Call me later in the week.
Call me later to let me know how things went.
Call me later.
Call me next time, not Tom.
Call me now and then.
Call me old-fashioned, but I see myself as a puritan.
Call me old-fashioned, but I think dictators should be surrounded on the Senate floor and stabbed to death.
Call me on Monday.
Call me on my home phone.
Call me once in a while.
Call me once it's finished.
Call me once you've arrived.
Call me once you’ve arrived.
Call me one of these days.
Call me only if Tom has trouble with something.
Call me quickly!
Call me right away if anything seems weird or you have any questions. 99% of the time it's nothing but better safe than sorry.
Call me right away.
Call me right back.
Call me sometime.
Call me the minute your train pulls in.
Call me the moment you get there.
Call me the next time you have a party.
Call me this afternoon.
Call me this evening.
Call me to tell me what you've learned.
Call me tomorrow afternoon.
Call me tomorrow at 9 o'clock.
Call me tomorrow at midday!
Call me tomorrow morning.
Call me tomorrow.
Call me tonight.
Call me up at seven in the morning.
Call me up when you get there.
Call me up whenever you need my help.
Call me what you want.
Call me whatever you like, just not late for dinner.
Call me when Tom and Mary get home.
Call me when Tom gets home.
Call me when it's done.
Call me when you are in Paris.
Call me when you are ready to go.
Call me when you arrive at home.
Call me when you arrive in Boston.
Call me when you can.
Call me when you cross the border.
Call me when you find Tom.
Call me when you get back.
Call me when you get home.
Call me when you get off of work.
Call me when you get settled in.
Call me when you get there, so I know that you're safe.
Call me when you get there, so I know you're safe.
Call me when you get there.
Call me when you get to Boston.
Call me when you have finished, will you?
Call me when you have time.
Call me when you know something.
Call me when you land.
Call me when you leave work.
Call me when you reach Boston.
Call me when you return.
Call me when you see fit, thank you.
Call me when you're done!
Call me when you're done.
Call me when you're finished.
Call me when you're ready to go.
Call me when you're ready to talk.
Call me when you're ready.
Call me when you've finished.
Call me whenever you need me.
Call me whenever you want.
Call me!
Call me, and I'll be there.
Call me, in case it rains.
Call me, please.
Call me.
Call my daughter.
Call my husband.
Call my lawyer!
Call my son.
Call my wife.
Call now! We go where you go.
Call now.
Call number X.
Call off your dogs.
Call off your hounds!
Call on me if you need my assistance.
Call on me tomorrow.
Call on us in case of any difficulties.
Call options give the right to buy a security for a certain amount, called the strike price, by a given date. Puts convey the right to sell.
Call out for help if you need it.
Call poison control.
Call security!
Call security.
Call somebody.
Call someone who speaks Japanese, please.
Call someone.
Call the FBI.
Call the ambulance immediately!
Call the ambulance! He's seriously injured!
Call the authorities.
Call the cable guy.
Call the cable operator.
Call the coast guard.
Call the company tomorrow morning.
Call the cops.
Call the coroner.
Call the credit card call center.
Call the doctor in immediately.
Call the doctor right away.
Call the doctor so that he confirms the appointment.
Call the doctor!
Call the doctor.
Call the elevator.
Call the embassy first.
Call the fire brigade.
Call the fire department!
Call the fire department.
Call the firefighters.
Call the hospital.
Call the imam and ask him to pray for me.
Call the kids for lunch.
Call the manager.
Call the mayor.
Call the number I gave you.
Call the nurse!
Call the operator at 104 then.
Call the others to join us.
Call the police and tell them what you told me.
Call the police if you see any extraordinary situation.
Call the police immediately.
Call the police in an emergency.
Call the police now.
Call the police of you see anyone suspicious.
Call the police!
Call the police.
Call the press.
Call the rescue service.
Call the tech support team and let them know we're having trouble.
Call them and express your concerns.
Call them back.
Call them immediately.
Call them now.
Call them off.
Call them this evening.
Call them today.
Call them tomorrow.
Call them when you’ve decided.
Call them.
Call this number.
Call those men back.
Call up Tom right away.
Call upon God to help you.
Call upon your courage when needed most.
Call us a taxi.
Call us anytime.
Call us back to tell us about any side effects.
Call us if anything changes.
Call us if anything happens.
Call us if something happens.
Call us if you hear anything.
Call us if you think of anything.
Call us in case of any difficulties.
Call us this afternoon.
Call us this evening.
Call us toll-free at 1-800-446-2581.
Call us toll-free for help.
Call us when you get there.
Call us.
Call when you cross the border.
Call when you get this message.
Call when you want to be picked up.
Call your brother to come eat.
Call your brother to help you set the table.
Call your brother.
Call your congressman.
Call your daughter.
Call your father and ask him.
Call your father.
Call your guide.
Call your mom and tell her you'll be late.
Call your mom.
Call your mother before she starts to worry.
Call your mother!
Call your mother.
Call your next witness.
Call your parents if you're going to be late.
Call your parents.
Call your parents. They should be here, too.
Call your people off.
Call your sister.
Call your sisters.
Call your son.
Call your wife.
Call!
Call.
Callamard of Amnesty said Wednesday that Israel's allies, including the United States, could be complicit in the alleged genocide and urged them to stop supplying weapons.
Called Displaced, the project, he says, is an exploration of psychological disconnection and the legacy of the Khmer Rouge.
Called fast radio bursts (FRBs), these extraordinary events generate as much energy in a thousandth of a second as the Sun does in a year.
Callers pass through an intensive screening before they are allowed to speak to the talk show host.
Calling Elias's place a house was an understatement.
Calling a Jew a Nazi is fucked up, unless, of course, they murdered 2/3 of a people within four years.
Calling a national Thanksgiving was a way to bring Americans together.
Calling a person who denounces war crimes an anti-Semite will never absolve the war criminals of their crimes.
Calling all adventurers! Camping trip with dad, are you in?
Calling all cars!
Calling all fishermen! Let's plan a fishing trip.
Calling him "Monsignor" seems too feudal.
Calling someone a chum simply shows your overestimation of your place in the social hierarchy.
Calling someone a pansy nowadays is offensive — it is was an insult from the 50s for homosexual men.
Calling them “silver tongued pundits,” Kenner says their job is to simplify and manipulate arcane scientific data for public consumption.
Calling themselves "anonymous", the hackers hoped to flood the company's pages with web traffic, crashing the site — or at least gumming things up enough to make life miserable for the credit card giant.
Calling this, or really any, TV show middlebrow is judgmental in nature.
Callisto, the outermost of the four Galilean moons, has an old surface that is perhaps the most heavily cratered of any object in the solar system.
Callous, unemotional children can sometimes become adult sociopaths.
Calls for a peaceful solution often ignore the everyday violence that led to the conflict in question.
Calm down a little, Kissho, your bumpkin nature is standing out!
Calm down and be cool.
Calm down and begin at the beginning.
Calm down and explain it from the beginning.
Calm down and tell me what happened.
Calm down and tell us what happened.
Calm down and try to remember what exactly happened there.
Calm down first.
Calm down you two.
Calm down your beating, oh, my heart!
Calm down!
Calm down! Don't get nervous!
Calm down! Genetically modified organisms are not out to steal your lunch money.
Calm down! He will come back. Tom can not live without you.
Calm down! Why are you crying?
Calm down, Tatoeba is not a girl, it's just a website.
Calm down, Tom.
Calm down, Tom. It's OK.
Calm down, Tom. Take it easy.
Calm down, all my debts will soon be paid to you.
Calm down, and everything will be OK in the end.
Calm down, and listen to me speak from the beginning.
Calm down, bro.
Calm down, bro. I'm just messin' with you!
Calm down, guys.
Calm down, he will come.
Calm down, man!
Calm down, please.
Calm down, son.
Calm down, we've already settled the matter of the dog.
Calm down, you're scaring away customers!
Calm down.
Calm down. Don't panic.
Calm down. I can't hear you.
Calm down. I'll come over as soon as possible.
Calm down. It's not the end of the world.
Calm down. I’ll come over as soon as possible.
Calm down. We're just a few minutes from the hospital.
Calm down. What's the problem?
Calm down; he's just teasing you.
Calm him.
Calm is a virtue of the strong.
Calm the hell down.
Calm them down.
Calm your nerves down.
Calm your nerves.
Calmness and tranquility are all I need to work well.
Calmness attracts life; agitation pushes it away.
Calories add up quickly.
Calories are those wee beasties that are always in the wardrobe at night, sewing the clothes tighter.
Calves also face attack by killer whales or sharks.
Calvin Coolidge was quiet and plain-looking.
Calvin grew up to become a famous illustrator.
Calvin had become a chronic sufferer from ague and catarrh.
Calvin put the eighth chapter of the Epistle to the Romans as the basis of his theory of predestination.
Calvinism had a very strong impact.
Calysta looked up at the sky, and wondered about the meaning of life. A dove lit on a branch. She saw dove's eyes, lover's eyes, friend's eyes. To love and be loved; to give your life for another is enough.
Calysta loves to play soccer all day.
Cambodia appealed to the United Nations for help.
Cambodia has managed to improve its economy, but its goals for education, women’s empowerment, child and maternal health and environmental sustainability are all lagging behind.
Cambodia is a kingdom in Southeast Asia (in Indochina). Its area reaches 180,000 square kilometers. Its capital is the city of Phnom Penh.
Cambodia is called "Kampuchea" in Khmer.
Cambodia is ethnically homogeneous.
Cambodian Tailorbird (Orthotomus chaktomuk), a small, light and dark grey bird with an orange-red tuft, was described by scientists as "hiding in plain sight" in Cambodia's capital Phnom Penh when first spotted in 2009.
Cambodians of Lang Teng’s generation remember routinely living a life that produced little to no waste.
Cambridge is the most famous university in the world.
Camel archers are very powerful.
Camel does not see his hump, he only sees the hump of his brother.
Camel milk is good for people with diabetes.
Camel races are exciting.
Camels are Vladimir's favorite animals.
Camels are known for their ability to travel long distances across the desert without water, but they’re also becoming an increasingly important source of milk for people in drought-prone regions, including East African countries like Kenya, where populations of camels, the single-humped kind technically known as dromedaries, have grown rapidly over the past few decades.
Camels are magnificent animals.
Camels are often used to travel in the desert.
Camels are slightly slower than horses.
Camels are the ships of the deserts.
Camels are what makes Tuaregs rich.
Camels can travel over hundreds of kilometers over the course of several days without drinking a drop of water.
Camels have either one or two humps.
Camels have long necks.
Camels have three eyelids.
Camels know the value of water.
Camembert is her preferred cheese.
Camembert is his preferred cheese.
Camera quality is a top priority for me.
Cameras are not allowed inside the prison.
Cameras don't tend to capture reality.
Cameras were everywhere.
Camerla's almond-shaped, expressive eyes reflect the warmth and hospitality of Malta.
Cameroon imports vegetable oil, wine, canned food and body lotions from Equatorial Guinea and exports building material, vegetables, tomatoes, rice and potato to Equatorial Guinea.
Cameroon is called "Cameroon" in English.
Cameroon is called "Cameroun" in French.
Cameroon's agricultural sector employs the majority of the country's workers, but too many know too little about the soil, resulting in inefficient farming. To help Cameroon's farmers, a computer engineer created an electronic analysis kit to test soil quality and suitability for crops.
Cameroonian chemist Martial Gervais Oden-Bella makes soap and detergents by turning a toxic ingredient ecologically friendly.
Cameroonian music lover Paul Tchana opened a tiny record shop in the early 80s and built a collection of more than 5,000 original vinyl records.
Cameroonian professional dancer Ornela Tchinjo has been a fan of hip-hop since she was a child.
Cameroon’s Duga Titanji — a highly respected barrister and solicitor — is a member of the Human Rights Commission of the Cameroon Bar Association.
Cameroon’s wildlife protection service said its officers and police caught six traffickers as they were attempting last week to smuggle pangolins and their scales through the Douala International Airport.
Camgirls are especially susceptible to sexual harassment online.
Camila is from Uruguay. She is Uruguayan.
Camille is frustrated with Alan's distracted attitude.
Camille is frustrated with Alan’s distracted attitude.
Camillus returned to the city triumphant.
Camogie is a team sport played by women that is almost identical to hurling.
Camp ends tomorrow.
Campaigners are optimistic that the support thrown behind the campaign by the government will make a key difference.
Campaigning to become governor of Alaska, Sarah publicized the town of Ketchikan with the T-shirt slogan “Nowhere, Alaska 99901.” That five-digit number is Ketchikan’s zip code.
Campaigns can be riddled with misleading information.
Campana creates innovative prosthetics for pets without limbs, and even for wild animals.
Campana tells the story of going to Africa to fit an elephant with a life-saving leg brace.
Campana, who calls himself an animal orthotist, is sawing a piece of medical grade plastic in half, pouring plaster into molds, and scraping hardened plaster from a soon to be finished device to make sure it fits his client just right.
Campanology is the study of bells.
Campers scampered to higher ground when their campsite was engulfed in water.
Camping has always been a tradition for Ziri and me.
Camping in Chrea was absolutely relaxing.
Camping in Kabylie, Algeria, is my passion.
Camping is Matthew's favorite activity.
Camping is a great way for Matthew to unwind and connect with nature.
Camping is a lot of fun.
Camping is as unpredictable as it is exciting.
Camping is impossible where there is no water.
Camping is not something that Dmitri does a lot.
Camping so near the river isn't a good idea.
Camping there was extremely relaxing.
Camping with Fyodor was a lot of fun.
Campings kept disappearing in the area for the last few years.
Camus was born on the 7th of November in the year 1913, in Mondovi, in French Algeria.
Can AI accurately identify diseases?
Can AI accurately predict this?
Can AI identify diseases more accurately than human doctors?
Can Adam cook a good meal?
Can Algeria achieve Berber-Arabic universal bilingualism?
Can Algeria achieve bigger economic growth?
Can Algeria achieve developed-country status?
Can Algeria achieve economic diversification?
Can Algeria achieve food self-sufficiency?
Can Algeria achieve high-income status in the next decade?
Can Algeria achieve its objectives in the region?
Can Algeria achieve sustainable development?
Can Algeria achieve sustainable growth?
Can Algeria attract a lot of foreign investors?
Can Algeria attract foreign companies?
Can Algeria attract foreign investments?
Can Algeria attract multinational corporations?
Can Algeria avoid a new recession?
Can Algeria be an business hub in the region?
Can Algeria be considered an emerging country?
Can Algeria be rescued from becoming a failed state?
Can Algeria beat corruption?
Can Algeria become Africa's biggest economy?
Can Algeria become Africa's largest democracy?
Can Algeria become Africa's most powerful country?
Can Algeria become a 1st world country?
Can Algeria become a big exporter?
Can Algeria become a big regional economic power?
Can Algeria become a consolidated democracy?
Can Algeria become a democracy?
Can Algeria become a developed economy?
Can Algeria become a developed nation?
Can Algeria become a diversified economy?
Can Algeria become a fast emerging economy?
Can Algeria become a fast growing economy?
Can Algeria become a fast-growing economy?
Can Algeria become a federal state?
Can Algeria become a first world country?
Can Algeria become a first-world country?
Can Algeria become a food exporter?
Can Algeria become a globally respected middle power in the future?
Can Algeria become a healthy democracy?
Can Algeria become a high-income country?
Can Algeria become a highly developed country?
Can Algeria become a highly-developed economy?
Can Algeria become a holiday spot?
Can Algeria become a hub for Islamic finance?
Can Algeria become a hub of low-cost manufacturing?
Can Algeria become a large commodity exporter?
Can Algeria become a leading exporter?
Can Algeria become a liberal democracy?
Can Algeria become a logistics and manufacturing hub?
Can Algeria become a major regional power?
Can Algeria become a manufacturing hub?
Can Algeria become a mature and liberal democracy?
Can Algeria become a mature democracy?
Can Algeria become a model of macroeconomic stability?
Can Algeria become a modern economic superpower?
Can Algeria become a new African factory?
Can Algeria become a new base of operations for international businesses?
Can Algeria become a paradise for foreign investment?
Can Algeria become a performing economy?
Can Algeria become a popular tourist destination?
Can Algeria become a powerful nation?
Can Algeria become a rapidly growing country?
Can Algeria become a regional leader?
Can Algeria become a rich country?
Can Algeria become a rich nation?
Can Algeria become a secular state?
Can Algeria become a success story in North Africa?
Can Algeria become a supplier of manufactured goods?
Can Algeria become a technological power?
Can Algeria become a technological powerhouse?
Can Algeria become a top economy?
Can Algeria become a top performing African economy?
Can Algeria become a top-twenty world economy?
Can Algeria become a very developed economy?
Can Algeria become a wealthy country?
Can Algeria become a wealthy nation?
Can Algeria become an advanced economy?
Can Algeria become an economic miracle?
Can Algeria become an economic power?
Can Algeria become an economic powerhouse?
Can Algeria become an economic superpower?
Can Algeria become an emerging country?
Can Algeria become an emerging economy?
Can Algeria become an emerging market economy?
Can Algeria become an export power?
Can Algeria become an exporter of minerals?
Can Algeria become an industrial power?
Can Algeria become an industrial powerhouse?
Can Algeria become an industrialized country?
Can Algeria become an industrialized nation?
Can Algeria become an open economy?
Can Algeria become famous for tourism?
Can Algeria become one of Africa's factories?
Can Algeria become one of the fastest-growing economies in the world?
Can Algeria become prosperous?
Can Algeria become rich?
Can Algeria become the Turkey of North Africa?
Can Algeria become the country of the future?
Can Algeria become the largest market in the region?
Can Algeria become the most populous country in Africa?
Can Algeria boost its economic growth?
Can Algeria catch up with the rest of the developing world?
Can Algeria compete with European economies?
Can Algeria contain inflation?
Can Algeria contain its inflation?
Can Algeria continue on the right path after Tebboune leaves?
Can Algeria develop its heavy industry?
Can Algeria do something to stop corruption?
Can Algeria do the same in about four years?
Can Algeria double its growth rate?
Can Algeria double the size of its economy by 2030?
Can Algeria drag itself out of this political crisis?
Can Algeria export products all over the world?
Can Algeria follow Turkey's economic path?
Can Algeria follow Vietnam's path?
Can Algeria follow the likes of Turkey and Vietnam?
Can Algeria fully industrialize?
Can Algeria get over its economic crisis?
Can Algeria go bankrupt?
Can Algeria go into debt with the IMF again?
Can Algeria green its desert?
Can Algeria grow as fast as Turkey did?
Can Algeria grow faster?
Can Algeria grow rich again?
Can Algeria handle its economy in the best way?
Can Algeria have a highly diversified economy?
Can Algeria hit its economic targets by 2024?
Can Algeria hit its economic targets?
Can Algeria improve its business attractiveness?
Can Algeria increase its oil and gas production?
Can Algeria live without Europe?
Can Algeria make its educational system work?
Can Algeria make large-scale manufacturing profitable?
Can Algeria make that work?
Can Algeria overtake Egypt's population?
Can Algeria produce clean energy from fossil fuels?
Can Algeria produce high-quality products?
Can Algeria put an end to corruption?
Can Algeria rank first in the production of wheat in Africa?
Can Algeria reach the high-income status?
Can Algeria realize its economic ambitions by 2030?
Can Algeria really become a fast-growing economy?
Can Algeria really become a performing economy?
Can Algeria really become a top economy?
Can Algeria really go bankrupt? It's very unlikely.
Can Algeria really grow faster?
Can Algeria reasonably aspire to become a wealthy country?
Can Algeria recover from its economic crisis?
Can Algeria reduce its unemployment rate substantially?
Can Algeria rely on renewable energy?
Can Algeria replicate the Turkish economic model?
Can Algeria return to democracy?
Can Algeria rival France in the region?
Can Algeria run an effective economy?
Can Algeria successfully attract FDIs and boost its economic growth?
Can Algeria successfully attract foreign investment?
Can Algeria successfully attract investment?
Can Algeria sustain its subsidies system?
Can Algeria teach other countries a valuable lesson?
Can Algeria transit from oil and gas to manufacturing?
Can Algeria truly realize its economic ambitions by 2030?
Can Algeria's Sahara Desert sustain large amounts of population.
Can Algeria's desert be turned into a green oasis?
Can Algeria's economy be on par with Western economies?
Can Algeria's economy easily recover from that?
Can Algeria's economy ever recover?
Can Algeria's economy fully recover?
Can Algeria's economy grow rapidly?
Can Algeria's economy make a 180 degree shift?
Can Algeria's economy sustain its current growth?
Can Algeria's goods be cheap on foreign markets?
Can Algeria's wheat exports increase?
Can Algerian goods be competitive on the world market?
Can Algerian products compete internationally?
Can Algerian products compete with others internationally?
Can Algerian products sell well internationally?
Can Algerian state-owned businesses be run profitably?
Can Algerian wheat compete with subsidized wheat from Europe?
Can Algerians vote electronically?
Can Algiers become a business hub?
Can Algiers become a global city?
Can Algiers become a green city?
Can Algiers become a high-tech metropolis?
Can Algiers become a smart city?
Can Algiers become a zero-emissions metropolis?
Can Algiers become an international city?
Can Algiers become one of the richest cities in the world?
Can Algiers meet these challenges?
Can Algiers really become a smart city?
Can Algiers succeed in becoming a fully industrialized city.
Can Australia be trusted?
Can Benedito ride a unicycle?
Can Berber go extinct?
Can Bill still be at home?
Can Bob be sick?
Can Brazil and India become countries with developed economies?
Can China go so far as to take Taiwan by force?
Can China help end the war in Ukraine?
Can China's yuan become the global currency?
Can Earth become uninhabitable?
Can Earth get whacked by an asteroid?
Can Edinburgh show us the way towards healthier cities?
Can Egyptians read hieroglyphs?
Can Europe overcome its energy crisis?
Can European companies move to Algeria?
Can Fadil get a gun for us?
Can Gaza survive another massive attack?
Can God create a stone too heavy for Him to lift?
Can HIV be passed to an unborn baby in pregnancy or through breastfeeding?
Can HIV be transmitted through oral sex (fellatio and cunnilingus)?
Can I access someone else's medical records (health records)?
Can I access the medical records (health records) of someone who has died?
Can I accompany you?
Can I add this sentence to Tatoeba?
Can I add you on Facebook?
Can I afford it?
Can I also take notes?
Can I answer the phone, please?
Can I ask Tom a question?
Can I ask Tom about that?
Can I ask Tom some questions?
Can I ask a dumb question?
Can I ask a favor?
Can I ask a question?
Can I ask a quick question?
Can I ask a small personal favor?
Can I ask a stupid question?
Can I ask another question?
Can I ask for a clarification?
Can I ask for a few minutes of your time?
Can I ask for a kiss?
Can I ask for an elucidation?
Can I ask for an explanation?
Can I ask for an illumination?
Can I ask for your help?
Can I ask her a question?
Can I ask her something?
Can I ask him a question?
Can I ask him something?
Can I ask one more question?
Can I ask some questions?
Can I ask something?
Can I ask that you don't interrupt me when I'm talking?
Can I ask the first question?
Can I ask them a question?
Can I ask them something?
Can I ask what happened?
Can I ask what it is?
Can I ask what this is about?
Can I ask what you think may have happened?
Can I ask what you're doing here?
Can I ask what you're doing in Australia?
Can I ask what you're doing in Boston?
Can I ask what you're doing?
Can I ask who sent you here?
Can I ask who?
Can I ask why not?
Can I ask why this is so important to you?
Can I ask why?
Can I ask you a couple of questions?
Can I ask you a delicate question?
Can I ask you a favor, Rodrigo?
Can I ask you a favor?
Can I ask you a favour?
Can I ask you a few personal questions?
Can I ask you a legal question?
Can I ask you a little favor?
Can I ask you a personal question?
Can I ask you a question?
Can I ask you a quick question?
Can I ask you a scientific question?
Can I ask you another question?
Can I ask you for a favor?
Can I ask you for a favour?
Can I ask you for a kiss?
Can I ask you guys something?
Can I ask you one final question?
Can I ask you one last thing?
Can I ask you one more question?
Can I ask you one thing?
Can I ask you some questions?
Can I ask you something completely irrelevant?
Can I ask you something else?
Can I ask you something personal?
Can I ask you something strange?
Can I ask you something that's been bothering me for a while now?
Can I ask you something very personal?
Can I ask you something?
Can I ask you to do me a big favor?
Can I ask you to do that for me?
Can I ask you to join me?
Can I ask you to open your bag for me?
Can I ask you to put that down?
Can I ask you to translate this into French?
Can I ask you what you see in him?
Can I ask you where you got this?
Can I ask you why?
Can I ask your advice on something?
Can I assume that you're interested now?
Can I assume you're interested now?
Can I at least buy you dinner?
Can I at least get a hug?
Can I at least give you a call?
Can I at least give you a hug?
Can I at least have a minute to say goodbye to my mother?
Can I at least hug you?
Can I at least turn on my flashlight?
Can I be candid with you?
Can I be excused from class?
Can I be excused?
Can I be frank?
Can I be helpful to you?
Can I be helpful?
Can I be honest with you?
Can I be honest?
Can I be leader now?
Can I be of any assistance to you?
Can I be of any help here?
Can I be of any service to you?
Can I be of help at all?
Can I be of help?
Can I be one of your new friends, too?
Can I be the leader?
Can I be there when you tell Tom?
Can I be there?
Can I be your friend?
Can I be your personal pillow?
Can I begin?
Can I believe her?
Can I believe him?
Can I book two seats on that flight?
Can I borrow $30?
Can I borrow 300 dollars?
Can I borrow a cup of sugar?
Can I borrow a dollar?
Can I borrow a drill from you for a few days?
Can I borrow a highlighter?
Can I borrow a kiss? I promise I'll give it back.
Can I borrow a pair of pliers?
Can I borrow a pen?
Can I borrow a pen? Mine just ran out of ink.
Can I borrow a pen? Mine's on its last legs.
Can I borrow a shirt?
Can I borrow an umbrella?
Can I borrow cash with this card?
Can I borrow five pounds from you?
Can I borrow it for about two weeks?
Can I borrow it?
Can I borrow one for about two weeks?
Can I borrow one of your sweaters?
Can I borrow some money from you?
Can I borrow some money?
Can I borrow some money? I'll pay you back next week.
Can I borrow some of your clothes?
Can I borrow some sunscreen?
Can I borrow something to write on?
Can I borrow something to write with?
Can I borrow that CD?
Can I borrow that for a second?
Can I borrow that? I'll give it back tomorrow.
Can I borrow the PowerPoint clicker?
Can I borrow the Powerpoint clicker?
Can I borrow the hair dryer?
Can I borrow the ruler?
Can I borrow these books?
Can I borrow this dictionary?
Can I borrow this for a little while?
Can I borrow this for a while?
Can I borrow this for about three weeks?
Can I borrow this pen?
Can I borrow this umbrella?
Can I borrow this?
Can I borrow this? I'll return it tomorrow.
Can I borrow those?
Can I borrow three hundred dollars from you?
Can I borrow three hundred dollars?
Can I borrow you for just a minute?
Can I borrow your Ford for tomorrow?
Can I borrow your T-shirt for tonight?
Can I borrow your TV remote for a moment?
Can I borrow your ballpoint pen?
Can I borrow your bike?
Can I borrow your book for a minute?
Can I borrow your book for a moment?
Can I borrow your brush?
Can I borrow your car keys?
Can I borrow your car real quick?
Can I borrow your car today?
Can I borrow your car tonight?
Can I borrow your car?
Can I borrow your cell phone today?
Can I borrow your cellphone, please?
Can I borrow your chainsaw tomorrow?
Can I borrow your charger? My phone is almost out of charge.
Can I borrow your computer for a few minutes?
Can I borrow your computer?
Can I borrow your dictionary?
Can I borrow your digital camera tonight?
Can I borrow your earphones?
Can I borrow your eraser for a moment?
Can I borrow your eraser, please?
Can I borrow your eraser?
Can I borrow your garden hose?
Can I borrow your glasses?
Can I borrow your glue stick?
Can I borrow your hair drier?
Can I borrow your hairdryer?
Can I borrow your hammer?
Can I borrow your handkerchief?
Can I borrow your headphones?
Can I borrow your highlighter?
Can I borrow your history notes?
Can I borrow your house for the weekend?
Can I borrow your jump drive?
Can I borrow your knife?
Can I borrow your ladder?
Can I borrow your laptop for a second?
Can I borrow your laptop?
Can I borrow your luggage for a short trip next weekend?
Can I borrow your milk for my recipe?
Can I borrow your mobile phone?
Can I borrow your mobile? Mine's out of juice.
Can I borrow your mug?
Can I borrow your notes?
Can I borrow your pen for a few minutes?
Can I borrow your pen?
Can I borrow your pencil for a bit?
Can I borrow your pencil?
Can I borrow your phone charger?
Can I borrow your phone for a moment?
Can I borrow your phone for a sec?
Can I borrow your phone?
Can I borrow your protractor?
Can I borrow your puppy? I want to attract women at the park.
Can I borrow your radio?
Can I borrow your rubber for a moment?
Can I borrow your rubber?
Can I borrow your scissors?
Can I borrow your shoes for a while?
Can I borrow your shovel?
Can I borrow your tennis racket today?
Can I borrow your toy?
Can I borrow your umbrella?
Can I borrow yours?
Can I bother you for something?
Can I braid your hair?
Can I bring Tom?
Can I bring a friend?
Can I bring her in right away?
Can I bring her?
Can I bring him?
Can I bring my dog to your house?
Can I bring my friend with me?
Can I bring my friends?
Can I bring someone?
Can I bring them?
Can I bring you anything else?
Can I bum a cig?
Can I bum a cigarette off you?
Can I bum a fag?
Can I bum a smoke?
Can I bury my dog in your backyard?
Can I buy a dog?
Can I buy a rake here?
Can I buy a ticket for the concert here?
Can I buy a ticket on the bus?
Can I buy a ticket to heaven? I don't think I'm good enough to get in there for free.
Can I buy back my old guitar from you?
Can I buy concert tickets here?
Can I buy half a glass of water?
Can I buy it on easy payment?
Can I buy just one?
Can I buy less than him?
Can I buy only the lenses?
Can I buy that for you?
Can I buy that from you?
Can I buy that?
Can I buy things here duty-free?
Can I buy this house?
Can I buy tickets for the concert here?
Can I buy tickets on the day of the tour?
Can I buy you a beer?
Can I buy you a cup of coffee?
Can I buy you a drink?
Can I buy you another beer?
Can I buy you another drink?
Can I buy you dinner or something, Tom?
Can I buy you dinner tonight?
Can I buy you dinner?
Can I buy you guys a round?
Can I buy you lunch?
Can I call "Chargeit" and reserve?
Can I call directly?
Can I call home?
Can I call later today?
Can I call my friend in Australia?
Can I call my friend in Japan?
Can I call my mom?
Can I call you Bob?
Can I call you Eli?
Can I call you Tom?
Can I call you a cab?
Can I call you again?
Can I call you back in twenty minutes?
Can I call you back later?
Can I call you back within twenty minutes?
Can I call you back?
Can I call you by your first name?
Can I call you later?
Can I call you tomorrow?
Can I call you?
Can I call?
Can I cancel this ticket?
Can I carry that heavy parcel for you, Ms Miller?
Can I carry this on the plane?
Can I carve the turkey?
Can I cash it?
Can I cash this check here?
Can I cash this cheque?
Can I catch a ride into town?
Can I catch a taxi here?
Can I catch a taxi near here?
Can I change my life for the better?
Can I change my mind?
Can I change the English alphabet?
Can I change the channel?
Can I change the date of return?
Can I change the mashed potatoes to coleslaw?
Can I change the return date?
Can I change the route?
Can I change the subject?
Can I charge my mobile at your place?
Can I charge my mobile somewhere here?
Can I charge my phone anywhere around here?
Can I charge my phone here somewhere?
Can I charge my phone in the lobby?
Can I chat with you outside for a second?
Can I check in here?
Can I check in now?
Can I check in?
Can I check into your bag for security purposes.
Can I check my baggage here?
Can I check my email on your tab?
Can I check your bag for security purposes?
Can I check your blood pressure?
Can I check your blood sugar?
Can I check your temperature?
Can I chew on this side?
Can I choose to see a male or female GP?
Can I choose where to receive treatment?
Can I clean up somewhere?
Can I close the door?
Can I close the window, please?
Can I come along?
Can I come backstage?
Can I come down here to live?
Can I come down now?
Can I come eat with you?
Can I come home now?
Can I come in a second?
Can I come in for a few minutes?
Can I come in for a moment?
Can I come in now?
Can I come in?
Can I come inside?
Can I come live with you?
Can I come over after work?
Can I come over and play?
Can I come over later?
Can I come over to your place today?
Can I come over?
Can I come play with you?
Can I come sit with you?
Can I come some other time?
Can I come straight round?
Can I come to get you at 5:30?
Can I come to the ceremony?
Can I come to the next one too?
Can I come to you this afternoon or tomorrow afternoon?
Can I come to your house next weekend?
Can I come to your office now?
Can I come to your office tomorrow?
Can I come to your party tonight?
Can I come to your place?
Can I come tomorrow too?
Can I come tomorrow, too?
Can I come too?
Can I come with Tom?
Can I come with a friend?
Can I come with my friend?
Can I come with you to the mosque?
Can I come with you, too?
Can I come with you?
Can I come, too?
Can I come?
Can I come? You can come.
Can I comment on one of your photos?
Can I compare my answers to yours?
Can I complement you?
Can I continue my trip?
Can I continue?
Can I copy off you?
Can I copy your answers?
Can I copy your notes?
Can I count on Tom to do that for me?
Can I count on Tom to do that?
Can I count on Tom?
Can I count on her?
Can I count on him?
Can I count on leniency?
Can I count on them?
Can I count on you being at the meeting tomorrow?
Can I count on you both for help?
Can I count on you both to be there?
Can I count on you for that?
Can I count on you to come?
Can I count on you to do that?
Can I count on you today?
Can I count on you tomorrow morning?
Can I count on you?
Can I count on your help tomorrow afternoon?
Can I count on your help?
Can I count on your loyalty?
Can I count on your support?
Can I crash at your pad for a bit?
Can I crash at your place?
Can I crush medicines before taking them?
Can I cry?
Can I customize it?
Can I dance here?
Can I deposit valuables here?
Can I dial direct?
Can I dial directly?
Can I do anything about the screen-door effect on this VR headset?
Can I do anything for you?
Can I do anything to help Tom?
Can I do anything to help them?
Can I do anything to help you?
Can I do anything to help?
Can I do anything?
Can I do exercises?
Can I do it again?
Can I do it for you?
Can I do it myself?
Can I do it now?
Can I do it today?
Can I do it, too?
Can I do more?
Can I do my washing all in one go?
Can I do something for you?
Can I do something to help you?
Can I do something to help?
Can I do that again?
Can I do that for you?
Can I do that here?
Can I do that later?
Can I do that myself?
Can I do that now?
Can I do that today?
Can I do that tomorrow?
Can I do that with Tom?
Can I do that with you?
Can I do that?
Can I do that? Are you sure?
Can I do the dishes for you?
Can I do the same?
Can I do this later?
Can I do this?
Can I drink a glass of milk?
Can I drink alcohol if I'm taking antidepressants?
Can I drink alcohol if I'm taking painkillers?
Can I drink alcohol while taking antibiotics?
Can I drink alcohol?
Can I drink some water?
Can I drink the tap water here?
Can I drink the tap water?
Can I drink the water from this fountain?
Can I drink the water here?
Can I drink this water?
Can I drive in Australia with my own driver's license if I visit there for a few months, or do I need to get another one?
Can I drive it?
Can I drive the tractor?
Can I drive you home later?
Can I drive you home?
Can I drive, please?
Can I drop off the car?
Can I drop you off?
Can I eat and drink before having a blood test?
Can I eat breakfast here?
Can I eat caramel ice cream?
Can I eat everything?
Can I eat in my room?
Can I eat my lunch here?
Can I eat on the plane?
Can I eat or drink before an operation?
Can I eat some caramel ice cream?
Can I eat some fruit?
Can I eat that apple?
Can I eat that food? Is it halal?
Can I eat that orange?
Can I eat that?
Can I eat this bread?
Can I eat this cake?
Can I eat this food? Is it kosher?
Can I eat this hamburger?
Can I eat this orange?
Can I eat this plant?
Can I eat this?
Can I eat?
Can I email from here?
Can I enter a sentence in French?
Can I entrust the task to you?
Can I escort you anywhere?
Can I even do that?
Can I exchange this for something else?
Can I exchange this with something else?
Can I exchange this?
Can I exchange yen for dollars here?
Can I explain?
Can I express my opinion?
Can I extend my stay by a day?
Can I extend my stay for one more night?
Can I extend my stay one more night?
Can I extend my stay?
Can I feel them?
Can I film here?
Can I find someone here who speaks English?
Can I find that?
Can I find you on Facebook?
Can I finish my sentence without you interrupting me?
Can I finish talking even once, or do you want to keep interrupting me?
Can I finish?
Can I fix the table with ferns and wild roses?
Can I fix you a drink?
Can I fix you a hot drink?
Can I freshen up somewhere?
Can I get 20 dollars on pump 3?
Can I get Tom to do it?
Can I get a bag?
Can I get a beer?
Can I get a blanket?
Can I get a coffee to go?
Can I get a connecting flight to Atlanta?
Can I get a connecting flight to Osaka?
Can I get a copy of that?
Can I get a copy of the message where you supposedly told me this?
Can I get a copy?
Can I get a cup of coffee to go?
Can I get a cup of coffee?
Can I get a description of the assailant?
Can I get a dog?
Can I get a double espresso, please?
Can I get a drink?
Can I get a fit note without seeing a GP?
Can I get a glass of beer?
Can I get a glass of water?
Can I get a goodnight kiss?
Can I get a hint?
Can I get a hug?
Can I get a kilo of beef steaks please?
Can I get a kilo of chicken breast please?
Can I get a kilo of chicken wings please?
Can I get a kilo of tuna fish fillets please?
Can I get a kiss?
Can I get a lift back to the city with you?
Can I get a little assistance here?
Can I get a little help here?
Can I get a little help, please?
Can I get a little help?
Can I get a little more of that?
Can I get a medium coffee, with 2 cubes of sugar?
Can I get a minute with you?
Can I get a motorcycle?
Can I get a napkin?
Can I get a pass to go to the nurse?
Can I get a picture of the whole team?
Can I get a picture?
Can I get a pillow, please?
Can I get a pillow?
Can I get a receipt?
Can I get a refund for this train ticket?
Can I get a refund now?
Can I get a refund?
Can I get a ride home?
Can I get a route map, please?
Can I get a seat on the next flight?
Can I get a second opinion?
Can I get a tattoo?
Can I get a vodka tonic?
Can I get a witness?
Can I get advice?
Can I get an MRI if I have a pacemaker?
Can I get an advance on my salary?
Can I get an amen?
Can I get an ice cream cone?
Can I get another blanket?
Can I get another cup of coffee?
Can I get another one of these?
Can I get another one?
Can I get another scoop of ice cream?
Can I get another scoop?
Can I get anybody coffee?
Can I get anybody something to drink?
Can I get anything for you?
Can I get back to work?
Can I get back to you on that?
Can I get back to you, Tom?
Can I get by the guard?
Can I get by you?
Can I get copies of these?
Can I get either of you a drink?
Can I get half a kilo of chicken legs, please?
Can I get her to do it?
Can I get him to do it?
Can I get in the shower now?
Can I get involved in this work?
Can I get it?
Can I get laser eye surgery on the NHS?
Can I get my belly button pierced, Mom?
Can I get my belly button pierced?
Can I get my ears pierced?
Can I get my glasses repaired or replaced on the NHS?
Can I get my gun back?
Can I get my job back?
Can I get my money back?
Can I get my phone back?
Can I get my stitches wet in the bath or shower?
Can I get on this plane?
Can I get pissed off now?
Can I get pregnant if I have sex without penetration?
Can I get pregnant just after my period has finished?
Can I get ready for school?
Can I get some clean towels?
Can I get some coffee?
Can I get some drinks?
Can I get some extra ketchup?
Can I get some help here?
Can I get some help?
Can I get some volunteers to stuff their face in cherry pie?
Can I get somebody down here to help me?
Can I get someone down here to help me?
Can I get something for you?
Can I get something to drink?
Can I get something to eat?
Can I get started?
Can I get that in writing?
Can I get the sandwich without mayonnaise?
Can I get the steak and shrimp dinner?
Can I get them to do it?
Can I get there by bus?
Can I get this prescription filled?
Can I get three shots of Jager?
Can I get to know you for a bit?
Can I get to know you?
Can I get to the beach by bus?
Can I get travelers checks with this card?
Can I get up now?
Can I get volunteer hours from contributing to Tatoeba?
Can I get you a beer or something?
Can I get you a beer?
Can I get you a blanket?
Can I get you a cocktail?
Can I get you a coffee or anything?
Can I get you a coffee?
Can I get you a cup of coffee, sir?
Can I get you a cup of coffee?
Can I get you a cup of tea?
Can I get you a diet soda?
Can I get you a drink or something to eat?
Can I get you a drink, Tom?
Can I get you a drink, Ziri?
Can I get you a drink?
Can I get you a pillow?
Can I get you a refill?
Can I get you another drink?
Can I get you another glass of wine?
Can I get you another one?
Can I get you anything else?
Can I get you anything to drink?
Can I get you anything, sir?
Can I get you anything?
Can I get you guys drinks?
Can I get you some breakfast?
Can I get you some coffee?
Can I get you some more water?
Can I get you some more?
Can I get you some tea?
Can I get you some water?
Can I get you something from the bar?
Can I get you something to drink now?
Can I get you something to drink, perhaps?
Can I get you something to drink?
Can I get you something to eat?
Can I get you something to wet your whistle?
Can I get you something?
Can I get you to do it?
Can I get you to do that for me?
Can I get you to do that?
Can I get you to help me?
Can I get your advice on something?
Can I get your attention for a couple of seconds?
Can I get your attention, please?
Can I get your autograph?
Can I get your full name and address?
Can I get your help with something?
Can I get your name and address?
Can I get your number?
Can I get your opinion on something?
Can I get your phone number?
Can I give Tom a message?
Can I give her a message?
Can I give him a message?
Can I give him the check?
Can I give it back now?
Can I give my child painkillers?
Can I give my child paracetamol and ibuprofen at the same time?
Can I give my child paracetamol or ibuprofen with cough or cold medicines?
Can I give you a bit of advice?
Can I give you a call some time?
Can I give you a hand with that?
Can I give you a hand with the dogs?
Can I give you a hand?
Can I give you a hug?
Can I give you a kiss?
Can I give you a lift?
Can I give you a little friendly advice?
Can I give you a piece of advice?
Can I give you a piece of advice? Go after her.
Can I give you a ride back to the city?
Can I give you a ride home?
Can I give you a ride somewhere?
Can I give you a ride?
Can I give you a word of advice?
Can I give you some advice?
Can I give you some friendly advice?
Can I give you some money?
Can I give you some unsolicited advice?
Can I give you the assignment?
Can I give you this?
Can I give you three a lift?
Can I give you two a lift home?
Can I give you your present now?
Can I give your dog a snack?
Can I go again?
Can I go and buy some ice cream?
Can I go and have a shower?
Can I go and shower?
Can I go back now?
Can I go back to my TV show now?
Can I go back to sleep now?
Can I go back to work before the end date on my fit note?
Can I go buy some ice cream?
Can I go first?
Can I go for a walk?
Can I go from Venice to Milan without changing trains?
Can I go from Venice to Milan without changing?
Can I go hiking next Sunday?
Can I go home early today?
Can I go home now?
Can I go home?
Can I go horseback riding next Sunday?
Can I go horseback riding on Monday?
Can I go in there now?
Can I go next?
Can I go now?
Can I go on a date with Ken, Mom?
Can I go out and play?
Can I go out for a bit?
Can I go out of the room?
Can I go out to play, Dad?
Can I go out to play?
Can I go out today wearing this shirt that has a little bit of red?
Can I go out tomorrow night?
Can I go outside?
Can I go over to Tom's house to play?
Can I go play in my room?
Can I go surfing?
Can I go swimming after a piercing?
Can I go swimming after noon?
Can I go swimming this afternoon?
Can I go swimming, Mother?
Can I go swimming?
Can I go take a shower?
Can I go there by bus?
Can I go there now?
Can I go to Australia with you guys when you go?
Can I go to Boston with you guys this weekend?
Can I go to Boston with you?
Can I go to Tom's house?
Can I go to Tom's house? Dad already said yes.
Can I go to Tom's house? Mom already said yes.
Can I go to bed now?
Can I go to bed?
Can I go to my locker?
Can I go to my room now?
Can I go to school tomorrow?
Can I go to school?
Can I go to the bathroom real quick?
Can I go to the bathroom, please?
Can I go to the bathroom?
Can I go to the bathroom? I feel like peeing.
Can I go to the bathroom? I gotta piss.
Can I go to the bathroom? I need to pee.
Can I go to the mall with you?
Can I go to the mosque?
Can I go to the movies tomorrow?
Can I go to the movies with you?
Can I go to the restroom?
Can I go to the washroom?
Can I go to work?
Can I go to your house to play?
Can I go with Tom?
Can I go with her?
Can I go with him?
Can I go with them?
Can I go with you the next time you go to Boston?
Can I go with you till the door?
Can I go with you to Icellaḍen?
Can I go with you?
Can I go, too?
Can I go?
Can I grab the soldier's moustache?
Can I hang out here till seven?
Can I have a Band-Aid?
Can I have a bag?
Can I have a beer, please?
Can I have a beer?
Can I have a big glass of milk with my meal?
Can I have a bit more coffee, please?
Can I have a bit more milk?
Can I have a bit more tea, please?
Can I have a bite?
Can I have a blanket?
Can I have a bottle of red wine?
Can I have a bowl of water soup for my dog?
Can I have a break?
Can I have a bun with my coffee?
Can I have a coffee shop nearby?
Can I have a coffee?
Can I have a cookie?
Can I have a copy of it?
Can I have a copy of that?
Can I have a cup of coffee first?
Can I have a cup of coffee, please?
Can I have a cup of coffee?
Can I have a cup of tea with some crushed ice?
Can I have a cup of tea, please?
Can I have a cup of tea?
Can I have a cup with ice please?
Can I have a dance with you?
Can I have a discount voucher?
Can I have a doctor look at me?
Can I have a doggy bag, please?
Can I have a doggy bag?
Can I have a donut?
Can I have a double espresso?
Can I have a drink of water?
Can I have a drink?
Can I have a few minutes alone?
Can I have a few minutes, please?
Can I have a few words with you?
Can I have a fork?
Can I have a free ride, please? My wallet was stolen.
Can I have a friend paged?
Can I have a gin and coke please?
Can I have a ginger ale?
Can I have a glass of apple juice?
Can I have a glass of juice?
Can I have a glass of milk, please?
Can I have a glass of orange juice?
Can I have a glass of water, please?
Can I have a glass of water?
Can I have a goodnight kiss?
Can I have a hug?
Can I have a job?
Can I have a juice box?
Can I have a kiss and peck?
Can I have a kiss?
Can I have a little bread while waiting?
Can I have a little privacy, please?
Can I have a little sip?
Can I have a look at that pair of jeans over there?
Can I have a look at that?
Can I have a look at the magazine?
Can I have a look at the menu?
Can I have a look at your Berber dictionary?
Can I have a look at your newspaper?
Can I have a meal with you?
Can I have a menu?
Can I have a minute with you?
Can I have a minute?
Can I have a moment alone with Tom, please?
Can I have a moment with Tom?
Can I have a moment with her?
Can I have a moment with him?
Can I have a moment with them?
Can I have a moment with you?
Can I have a moment?
Can I have a one-day ticket?
Can I have a paper bag?
Can I have a party at your house?
Can I have a piece of sausage, please!
Can I have a piece of this apple pie?
Can I have a pillow?
Can I have a pizza, please?
Can I have a plaster?
Can I have a private opinion?
Can I have a quick word with you guys?
Can I have a rain check?
Can I have a receipt, please?
Can I have a receipt?
Can I have a refund?
Can I have a replacement?
Can I have a rest now?
Can I have a ride?
Can I have a room of my own?
Can I have a seat in the stalls?
Can I have a second helping?
Can I have a second?
Can I have a side salad?
Can I have a single to Birmingham?
Can I have a sip of your coffee?
Can I have a sip?
Can I have a ticket please?
Can I have a ticket to London, please?
Can I have a tiny bit?
Can I have a toke?
Can I have a toothbrush, please?
Can I have a towel, please?
Can I have a trim?
Can I have a word with Tom in private?
Can I have a word with you alone?
Can I have a word with you in private?
Can I have a word with you, Tom?
Can I have a word with you, please?
Can I have a word with you?
Can I have a word, please?
Can I have all the money in the world?
Can I have an aisle seat?
Can I have an apple, too?
Can I have an apple?
Can I have another bagel?
Can I have another beer, please?
Can I have another donut?
Can I have another doughnut?
Can I have another drink now?
Can I have another glass of wine?
Can I have another helping?
Can I have another one?
Can I have another piece of cake?
Can I have another piece of toast?
Can I have another piece?
Can I have another roll?
Can I have another sandwich?
Can I have another?
Can I have both of these?
Can I have change for a five-euro note?
Can I have everybody's attention?
Can I have everyone's attention please?
Can I have half a kilo apples?
Can I have half a pound?
Can I have hamburger patty instead of chicken?
Can I have it back now?
Can I have it back?
Can I have it in writing, please?
Can I have it, Tom?
Can I have it?
Can I have ketchup, please?
Can I have more broccoli?
Can I have more chips, please?
Can I have more coffee?
Can I have more milk?
Can I have my bicycle back?
Can I have my bill?
Can I have my book back?
Can I have my breakfast here?
Can I have my check?
Can I have my coat back?
Can I have my gun back?
Can I have my hand back?
Can I have my job back?
Can I have my keys?
Can I have my knife back?
Can I have my money back, please?
Can I have my own room?
Can I have one of these apples?
Can I have one of these?
Can I have one of those?
Can I have one of your pickle spears?
Can I have one too?
Can I have one with chocolate?
Can I have one, too?
Can I have one?
Can I have proof of this, please?
Can I have salsa with that?
Can I have seconds on rice and cabbage?
Can I have seconds?
Can I have silverware for my meal?
Can I have some anchovies with olives?
Can I have some butter?
Can I have some candy?
Can I have some caramel ice cream?
Can I have some chocolate milk?
Can I have some clean towels?
Can I have some coffee?
Can I have some hot chocolate?
Can I have some milk and cookies?
Can I have some money to buy Tom a birthday present?
Can I have some more candy?
Can I have some more coffee, please?
Can I have some more milk?
Can I have some more pudding?
Can I have some more rice, please?
Can I have some more tea?
Can I have some more water?
Can I have some more wine?
Can I have some more?
Can I have some of these?
Can I have some of your milk?
Can I have some rice?
Can I have some salsa with that?
Can I have some scratch paper?
Can I have some soda, please?
Can I have some spaghetti?
Can I have some stamps, please?
Can I have some sugar, please?
Can I have some tea?
Can I have some time to think about it before deciding?
Can I have some time to think about it?
Can I have some water, please?
Can I have some water?
Can I have some?
Can I have something else?
Can I have something for insect bites?
Can I have something hot to drink?
Can I have something to drink?
Can I have something to eat?
Can I have something to nibble on before dinner?
Can I have that apple?
Can I have that one?
Can I have the bill, please?
Can I have the bill?
Can I have the check, please?
Can I have the doctor look at me?
Can I have the key now, please?
Can I have the key?
Can I have the last slice of pizza?
Can I have the list?
Can I have the menu again, please?
Can I have the money now?
Can I have the next one, please?
Can I have the paper when you're finished with it?
Can I have the paper when you’re finished with it?
Can I have the picture back?
Can I have the pleasure of your company tonight?
Can I have the sugar, please?
Can I have the top bunk?
Can I have these apples?
Can I have these two?
Can I have these?
Can I have this book?
Can I have this bottle of olive oil?
Can I have this box carried upstairs?
Can I have this cake?
Can I have this cup?
Can I have this dance?
Can I have this donut?
Can I have this film developed?
Can I have this finger?
Can I have this one?
Can I have this orange?
Can I have this?
Can I have those broken pieces of china that are out in the woodshed?
Can I have those two?
Can I have those?
Can I have three glasses of pineapple juice?
Can I have three?
Can I have two hamburgers and a coke, please?
Can I have your answer before Monday?
Can I have your attention, folks?
Can I have your attention, please?
Can I have your attention?
Can I have your autograph please?
Can I have your autograph, please?
Can I have your autograph?
Can I have your cake recipe, please?
Can I have your cellphone number?
Can I have your coffee?
Can I have your full name?
Can I have your mobile number?
Can I have your name and telephone number?
Can I have your number, please?
Can I have your number?
Can I have your phone number?
Can I have your pickle?
Can I have your picture so I can show Santa what I want for Christmas?
Can I have your telephone number?
Can I have your wifi password?
Can I hear a little bit of this record?
Can I hear your comments about this?
Can I help in any way?
Can I help translate the website into other languages?
Can I help with anything?
Can I help with breakfast?
Can I help with something?
Can I help you at all?
Can I help you carry your things?
Can I help you clean up?
Can I help you cook?
Can I help you do something?
Can I help you find anything?
Can I help you find something?
Can I help you find what you're looking for?
Can I help you folks?
Can I help you for anything?
Can I help you gentlemen?
Can I help you get ready for your exam?
Can I help you in any way?
Can I help you in some way?
Can I help you pack?
Can I help you prepare for your exam?
Can I help you review for your exam?
Can I help you revise for your exam?
Can I help you somehow?
Can I help you study for your exam?
Can I help you take things?
Can I help you with anything else?
Can I help you with anything, pal?
Can I help you with anything?
Can I help you with something?
Can I help you with that?
Can I help you with those suitcases?
Can I help you with your luggage?
Can I help you with your suitcases?
Can I help you, sir?
Can I help you?
Can I help you? No, it’s ok.
Can I help?
Can I hide in here?
Can I hire a guide who speaks French?
Can I hire a guide who speaks Japanese?
Can I hold your baby?
Can I hold your hand?
Can I hold your puppy?
Can I hug you?
Can I infodump to you about bees?
Can I install a new program on your laptop?
Can I interest you in a cup of coffee?
Can I interest you in a drink?
Can I interest you in a game of cards?
Can I interest you in lunch?
Can I interrupt for a moment?
Can I interrupt for a second, Tom?
Can I interrupt you for a moment?
Can I invite Tom to dinner tonight?
Can I invite my friend?
Can I invite some friends over?
Can I invite you for coffee?
Can I iron your T-shirt before you wear it?
Can I jog with you?
Can I join in?
Can I join the team?
Can I join you for dinner?
Can I join you guys later?
Can I join you?
Can I join your guild?
Can I join?
Can I just ask a few questions?
Can I just ask you a question?
Can I just ask you one more question?
Can I just ask you one more thing?
Can I just go to my room?
Can I just have a sip of your wine?
Can I just make a suggestion?
Can I just say one thing?
Can I just say, wow.
Can I just see it?
Can I just state for the record that this is a bad idea?
Can I just take a minute?
Can I just talk to Tom for a minute?
Can I just talk to you?
Can I just use this quickly please?
Can I just use your mobile?
Can I keep it in the boat?
Can I keep it?
Can I keep one of your pictures?
Can I keep the money?
Can I keep this Berber dictionary?
Can I keep this?
Can I keep you company?
Can I kick it?
Can I kiss him goodbye?
Can I kiss you again?
Can I kiss you?
Can I know her name?
Can I know his name?
Can I know where you work?
Can I know your name?
Can I lay on the sofa?
Can I learn a language without speaking it?
Can I leave Tom a message?
Can I leave a message, please?
Can I leave a message?
Can I leave her a message?
Can I leave him a message?
Can I leave it here?
Can I leave it with you?
Can I leave my bag here?
Can I leave my bags with you until I come to check in?
Can I leave my bike here?
Can I leave my bike inside?
Can I leave my luggage here?
Can I leave my package here?
Can I leave my suitcase here?
Can I leave my suitcases here?
Can I leave now?
Can I leave that to you?
Can I leave the room?
Can I leave them here?
Can I leave this here?
Can I leave you my business card?
Can I leave?
Can I lend three hundred dollars to you?
Can I let you in on a little secret?
Can I lick your fingers?
Can I lick your toes?
Can I lie down on the couch?
Can I listen to it?
Can I listen to music on this phone?
Can I listen to the Quran?
Can I log into my internet banking account using my debit card details?
Can I look around?
Can I look at it?
Can I look at your dictionary?
Can I look at your menu?
Can I look in the phone book?
Can I look in there?
Can I make a booking?
Can I make a call?
Can I make a couple of suggestions?
Can I make a credit card call on this public phone?
Can I make a phone call for ten yen?
Can I make a phone call?
Can I make a reservation for golf?
Can I make a reservation?
Can I make a suggestion?
Can I make a telephone call, please?
Can I make an appointment for a haircut today?
Can I make an appointment for next Monday?
Can I make an appointment to have a medical examination?
Can I make an international call with that phone?
Can I make an outside call by this phone?
Can I make an outside call on this phone?
Can I make copies?
Can I make myself useful somehow?
Can I make one observation?
Can I make telephone calls to other countries?
Can I make this up to you?
Can I make you a drink?
Can I make you a fresh cup of tea?
Can I make you a proposal?
Can I make you some eggs?
Can I make you some pancakes?
Can I marry my aunt's husband's nephew?
Can I maybe use your phone?
Can I meet you at 2:30 on Monday?
Can I meet you at four?
Can I meet you somewhere?
Can I meet you there?
Can I meet you tomorrow?
Can I meet you?
Can I offer a suggestion?
Can I offer you a brandy?
Can I offer you a cup of coffee or something?
Can I offer you a drink?
Can I offer you a ride?
Can I offer you another one?
Can I offer you another piece of cake?
Can I offer you anything else?
Can I offer you anything to drink?
Can I offer you anything?
Can I offer you gentlemen a drink?
Can I offer you guys a drink?
Can I offer you guys a ride?
Can I offer you ladies a drink?
Can I offer you some advice based on my experience?
Can I offer you some advice?
Can I offer you some brandy?
Can I offer you some cognac?
Can I offer you some refreshment?
Can I offer you something to drink now?
Can I offer you something to drink?
Can I open a can?
Can I open my eyes now?
Can I open my eyes?
Can I open the curtain?
Can I open the curtains?
Can I open the window?
Can I open the window? It's boiling hot in here.
Can I open the window? It's really hot in here.
Can I open the windows?
Can I open this box?
Can I order from the breakfast menu?
Can I order now?
Can I order one?
Can I paint your face?
Can I pamper your dog?
Can I panic?
Can I park here?
Can I park in the front yard?
Can I park my car here?
Can I pass? Sure, go ahead.
Can I pay a credit card?
Can I pay by Visa?
Can I pay by card?
Can I pay by cash?
Can I pay by check?
Can I pay by cheque?
Can I pay by credit card?
Can I pay by installment payment?
Can I pay cash?
Can I pay for the book by check?
Can I pay here via Kontaktlos?
Can I pay here with Kontaktlos?
Can I pay here with a contactless card?
Can I pay in cash?
Can I pay in euros?
Can I pay later?
Can I pay on credit?
Can I pay online?
Can I pay that in installments?
Can I pay with a card?
Can I pay with a credit card?
Can I pay with a travelers check?
Can I pay with my VISA?
Can I pay you back on Monday?
Can I pay you tomorrow instead of today?
Can I pay you tomorrow?
Can I pay you with a personal check?
Can I persuade you to join me?
Can I persuade you to stay a few more days?
Can I pet it?
Can I pet the dog?
Can I pet your cat?
Can I pet your dog?
Can I pet your dog? It looks so friendly!
Can I phone back later?
Can I phone later?
Can I phone you later?
Can I pick my nose?
Can I pick my own desk?
Can I pick my ticket up at the airport?
Can I pick the desk by the window?
Can I pick the next song?
Can I pick up a prescription for someone else?
Can I pick you up in the car tomorrow?
Can I pick you up?
Can I pick your brain about how you learned English so quickly?
Can I place the bag under the table? Yes, you can place it there.
Can I place this here?
Can I play now? I'll study when I'm done.
Can I play some music?
Can I play the harp?
Can I play the stereo?
Can I play video games tonight?
Can I play with you?
Can I play with your toys?
Can I play you a song?
Can I play your mandolin?
Can I please go to the bathroom? It's an emergency.
Can I please have some water?
Can I please have something hot to drink?
Can I please have the bill?
Can I please have this to go?
Can I please have your email address?
Can I please have your email?
Can I please talk to Tom?
Can I please talk to her?
Can I please talk to him?
Can I please talk to them?
Can I please use your restroom?
Can I plug my gaming console into your TV?
Can I pour you some compote?
Can I provide any assistance?
Can I push the button?
Can I put forth a question?
Can I put on my playlist?
Can I put this on your arm?
Can I put this on your finger?
Can I put this over there?
Can I put this up for you?
Can I question Tom?
Can I question her?
Can I question him?
Can I question them?
Can I quote you on that?
Can I quote you?
Can I read you some of my poetry?
Can I read you some of my writing?
Can I really go out?
Can I really have all of these?
Can I really have it at this price?
Can I really have this?
Can I really keep this?
Can I really risk it?
Can I really take that risk?
Can I really take the risk?
Can I register for that class?
Can I rely on you to be here on time tomorrow?
Can I rely on you?
Can I rent ice skates?
Can I rent it to you?
Can I rent rackets?
Can I repeat my question?
Can I request the bill?
Can I reserve a bottle and have you keep it here for me?
Can I reserve a flight to Chicago?
Can I reserve a flight to Osaka?
Can I reserve a seat to Hawaii for Christmas?
Can I rest a bit?
Can I rest a little?
Can I rest now?
Can I return a coffee pot if it doesn't work?
Can I return or exchange my purchase?
Can I return this shirt later?
Can I ride this horse for a long time?
Can I ride this horse for a while?
Can I ride with you?
Can I ring back later?
Can I ring later?
Can I ring you later?
Can I run a few ideas past you?
Can I sample the olives?
Can I say it aloud?
Can I say it here?
Can I say it in Berber?
Can I say it in French?
Can I say one thing?
Can I say something now?
Can I say something?
Can I say that I'm a fluent Spanglish speaker?
Can I say that I'm a native Spanglish speaker?
Can I say that I'm an expert at Spanglish?
Can I say this one last time?
Can I scrounge a fag?
Can I see Tom a moment?
Can I see Tom now?
Can I see Tom out?
Can I see Tom today?
Can I see a copy of the rules?
Can I see a menu?
Can I see a photo of the book?
Can I see a picture of Tom?
Can I see examples of your work?
Can I see her now?
Can I see her today?
Can I see him now?
Can I see him today?
Can I see it again?
Can I see it before I go?
Can I see it now?
Can I see it?
Can I see my son?
Can I see some ID?
Can I see some identification?
Can I see that again?
Can I see that book?
Can I see that credit card?
Can I see that debit card?
Can I see that for a minute?
Can I see that one?
Can I see that?
Can I see the coffee pots you sell?
Can I see the full image?
Can I see the inside of the car?
Can I see the menu, please?
Can I see the menu?
Can I see the message?
Can I see the painting you bought yesterday?
Can I see the price list?
Can I see the report?
Can I see the special exhibit with this ticket?
Can I see the wine list?
Can I see them now?
Can I see them today?
Can I see them?
Can I see this one?
Can I see this?
Can I see what's in your bag?
Can I see what's on the other channels?
Can I see what’s on the other channels?
Can I see you a moment in my office?
Can I see you a moment?
Can I see you a second outside?
Can I see you a second?
Can I see you after work?
Can I see you again tomorrow?
Can I see you again?
Can I see you at ten tomorrow?
Can I see you for a few minutes?
Can I see you for a minute?
Can I see you for a moment?
Can I see you for a sec?
Can I see you for a second?
Can I see you for just a minute, please?
Can I see you in my office for a minute?
Can I see you in my office?
Can I see you in the hall?
Can I see you in the kitchen?
Can I see you inside, please?
Can I see you later?
Can I see you now?
Can I see you on Monday?
Can I see you outside for a moment?
Can I see you outside?
Can I see you tomorrow?
Can I see you tonight?
Can I see you two outside?
Can I see your ID?
Can I see your badge?
Can I see your belly button?
Can I see your boarding pass, please?
Can I see your book?
Can I see your corkscrew?
Can I see your driver's license?
Can I see your driving licence?
Can I see your driving license?
Can I see your hands?
Can I see your licence, please?
Can I see your license, please?
Can I see your new flat?
Can I see your new phone?
Can I see your notebook?
Can I see your passport, please?
Can I see your passport?
Can I see your receipt?
Can I see your ticket, please?
Can I see your ticket?
Can I see, too?
Can I see?
Can I send a fax from here?
Can I send this letter now?
Can I send you the money on my phone?
Can I serve you?
Can I set a place at the table for you?
Can I shake your hand?
Can I share something important with you?
Can I share this table with you?
Can I share?
Can I show them?
Can I show you something?
Can I shower my neko with love and attention now?
Can I sing with you again?
Can I sing?
Can I sit at your table?
Can I sit beside Tom?
Can I sit beside you?
Can I sit down for a minute?
Can I sit down there, please?
Can I sit down?
Can I sit here for a while?
Can I sit here?
Can I sit in the back?
Can I sit next to Tom?
Can I sit next to her?
Can I sit next to him?
Can I sit next to them?
Can I sit next to you?
Can I sit on your knee?
Can I sit on your lap?
Can I sit there?
Can I sit with Tom?
Can I sit with her?
Can I sit with him?
Can I sit with them?
Can I sit with you?
Can I slap you? I can't contain myself.
Can I sleep for a bit?
Can I sleep here tonight?
Can I sleep here?
Can I sleep on the couch?
Can I sleep on your couch?
Can I sleep out?
Can I sleep?
Can I smoke a cigarette?
Can I smoke here?
Can I smoke in here?
Can I smoke?
Can I speak bad words among such educated people?
Can I speak in English?
Can I speak to Mr Sato?
Can I speak to Tom alone, please?
Can I speak to Tom, please?
Can I speak to Tom?
Can I speak to a GP about someone else's health?
Can I speak to a lawyer?
Can I speak to a supervisor?
Can I speak to her?
Can I speak to him?
Can I speak to my lawyer?
Can I speak to the director?
Can I speak to the doctor?
Can I speak to the head nurse?
Can I speak to the manager?
Can I speak to the person in charge?
Can I speak to you a moment?
Can I speak to you for a minute?
Can I speak to you for a moment please?
Can I speak to you in private?
Can I speak to you outside?
Can I speak to you?
Can I speak to your manager?
Can I speak to your supervisor?
Can I speak with Bill?
Can I speak with Judy?
Can I speak with Miss Brown?
Can I speak with Pedro?
Can I speak with Tom, please?
Can I speak with Tom?
Can I speak with the director?
Can I speak with the teacher?
Can I speak with you a moment?
Can I speak with you for a moment?
Can I speak with you?
Can I speak?
Can I spend the night at Tom's tomorrow?
Can I spend the night?
Can I spoil your dog?
Can I start again?
Can I start over?
Can I start tomorrow?
Can I start?
Can I stay a little longer?
Can I stay and help?
Can I stay at your house? I don't have a place to go.
Can I stay at your house? I don’t have a place to go.
Can I stay at your place for a while?
Can I stay at your place tonight?
Can I stay at your place? I have nowhere to go.
Can I stay here and watch TV?
Can I stay here for a while?
Can I stay here this week?
Can I stay here to eat something?
Can I stay here tonight?
Can I stay here with you?
Can I stay here?
Can I stay home today?
Can I stay in Australia for a couple of more days?
Can I stay in Boston for a couple more days?
Can I stay in Boston for three more days?
Can I stay in the car?
Can I stay in your house tonight?
Can I stay over?
Can I stay overnight at your house?
Can I stay the night at your place?
Can I stay the night?
Can I stay with my child in hospital?
Can I stay with you for a few days, Mary? Tom's kicked me out of the house.
Can I stay with you for a few days, Mary? Tom's thrown me out.
Can I stay with you for a few days?
Can I stay with you?
Can I stay with you? I was kicked out of my house because I didn't pay the rent.
Can I stay with you? I was kicked out of my house because I didn’t pay the rent.
Can I stay?
Can I step out?
Can I still be a popular streamer if I choose to cover my face during the stream?
Can I still get something to eat?
Can I still make it?
Can I still return this?
Can I stop by?
Can I stop eating this bread?
Can I stop over in Boston?
Can I stop over in Chicago?
Can I stroke your pussy?
Can I study here?
Can I study with you?
Can I suggest something?
Can I swap this one for that one?
Can I swim here?
Can I switch over from a sightseeing visa to a business one?
Can I tag along?
Can I take Berber classes?
Can I take French classes this year?
Can I take Tom home?
Can I take a bite?
Can I take a break now?
Can I take a break?
Can I take a day off?
Can I take a few days off?
Can I take a look around?
Can I take a look at it?
Can I take a look at that jacket?
Can I take a look at the painting you bought yesterday?
Can I take a look at your laptop's specs?
Can I take a message?
Can I take a peek?
Can I take a photo with your phone?
Can I take a photo?
Can I take a picture here?
Can I take a picture of you?
Can I take a picture with you?
Can I take a picture?
Can I take a rain check?
Can I take a selfie with you?
Can I take a sheet of paper?
Can I take a shower?
Can I take anti-malaria medication if I'm trying for a baby?
Can I take books out?
Can I take cough and cold remedies while I'm breastfeeding?
Can I take hay fever medicine if I'm breastfeeding?
Can I take her home?
Can I take him home?
Can I take ibuprofen while I'm breastfeeding?
Can I take it home?
Can I take it?
Can I take medicine before having a blood test?
Can I take my bags?
Can I take my jacket off?
Can I take my medicine abroad?
Can I take my shirt off?
Can I take my shirt off? It's so hot in here.
Can I take off early?
Can I take off work tomorrow?
Can I take paracetamol and ibuprofen together?
Can I take paracetamol if I'm on antibiotics?
Can I take paracetamol or ibuprofen with cough or cold medicines?
Can I take paracetamol while I'm breastfeeding?
Can I take photographs here?
Can I take pictures here?
Can I take some honey, Mum?
Can I take some of the samples?
Can I take that as a compliment?
Can I take that heavy parcel off your hands, Ms Miller?
Can I take that plate for you, or are you still finishing up?
Can I take that plate for you, or were you still finishing up?
Can I take the day off?
Can I take them home?
Can I take these for you?
Can I take this to the recycling centre?
Can I take this with me?
Can I take those books for you, teacher?
Can I take three?
Can I take you home?
Can I take you out for coffee tomorrow?
Can I take you out for coffee?
Can I take you out for dinner?
Can I take you out this weekend?
Can I take you to dinner?
Can I take your bags?
Can I take your car for a spin?
Can I take your coat?
Can I take your order now?
Can I take your order, ma'am?
Can I take your order?
Can I take your photo?
Can I take your photograph?
Can I take your picture with us?
Can I take your picture?
Can I take your place?
Can I take your plate?
Can I take your things?
Can I take your word for it?
Can I talk about this with Tom?
Can I talk now?
Can I talk to Bill?
Can I talk to Judy?
Can I talk to Mike?
Can I talk to Piotr?
Can I talk to Ryoko again before you hang up?
Can I talk to Tom alone?
Can I talk to Tom for a minute?
Can I talk to Tom, please?
Can I talk to Tom?
Can I talk to for just a minute?
Can I talk to her alone?
Can I talk to her for a minute?
Can I talk to her?
Can I talk to him alone?
Can I talk to him for a minute?
Can I talk to him?
Can I talk to my doctor?
Can I talk to someone who speaks French?
Can I talk to someone who speaks Japanese?
Can I talk to the manager?
Can I talk to them alone?
Can I talk to them for a minute?
Can I talk to them?
Can I talk to you a minute?
Can I talk to you a moment?
Can I talk to you a sec?
Can I talk to you a second?
Can I talk to you about Tom?
Can I talk to you about her?
Can I talk to you about him?
Can I talk to you about something personal?
Can I talk to you about something that's bothering me?
Can I talk to you about something?
Can I talk to you about them?
Can I talk to you about your son?
Can I talk to you alone for a second?
Can I talk to you alone?
Can I talk to you for a minute?
Can I talk to you for a moment?
Can I talk to you for a sec?
Can I talk to you for a second please?
Can I talk to you for a second, please?
Can I talk to you for a second?
Can I talk to you for just a second about Tom?
Can I talk to you for just a second about what happened in Australia?
Can I talk to you for just a second about what happened in Boston?
Can I talk to you for just a second?
Can I talk to you guys for a minute?
Can I talk to you guys for a second?
Can I talk to you in private for a minute?
Can I talk to you in private for a second?
Can I talk to you in private?
Can I talk to you now?
Can I talk to you out here?
Can I talk to you outside for a minute?
Can I talk to you outside for a second?
Can I talk to you outside?
Can I talk to you over here for a second?
Can I talk to you privately for a minute?
Can I talk to you privately?
Can I talk to you upstairs?
Can I talk to you?
Can I talk with Bill?
Can I talk with Miss Brown?
Can I talk with Tom?
Can I talk with the professor?
Can I talk with you alone for a moment?
Can I talk with you for a minute?
Can I talk with you for a moment?
Can I talk with you?
Can I talk you out of it?
Can I taste the cake you're having? Can I break off a small piece?
Can I telephone London from here?
Can I tell Skura?
Can I tell Tom about this?
Can I tell Tom what the answer is?
Can I tell Tom why?
Can I tell Tom?
Can I tell her about this?
Can I tell her why?
Can I tell her?
Can I tell him about this?
Can I tell him why?
Can I tell him?
Can I tell my dad what you want?
Can I tell my father what you want?
Can I tell them about this?
Can I tell them why?
Can I tell them you'll be visiting?
Can I tell them?
Can I tell this to Tom?
Can I tell you a little secret?
Can I tell you a secret?
Can I tell you a story?
Can I tell you guys something?
Can I tell you something about women?
Can I tell you something in Hungarian?
Can I tell you something very personal?
Can I tell you something?
Can I tell you that you're a beautiful girl?
Can I tell you what bugs me?
Can I tempt you to try another piece of cake?
Can I test drive the car?
Can I test you for COVID-19?
Can I think about it?
Can I throw the switch?
Can I throw this out?
Can I touch it?
Can I touch them?
Can I touch this one too?
Can I touch this?
Can I touch you?
Can I touch your beard?
Can I touch your boobs?
Can I touch your breasts?
Can I touch your chest?
Can I touch your hair?
Can I trade my T-shirt for your T-shirt?
Can I translate stuff to Spanish now?
Can I translate your entire life into French?
Can I travel on a plane if I have a plaster cast?
Can I treat you to a coffee?
Can I trouble you for the salt?
Can I trust Tom?
Can I trust her?
Can I trust him?
Can I trust them?
Can I trust those people?
Can I trust you not to open this?
Can I trust you to do that?
Can I trust you?
Can I try again?
Can I try doing it again?
Can I try doing it once more?
Can I try doing that again?
Can I try doing that once more?
Can I try it later?
Can I try it on?
Can I try it?
Can I try on these pants?
Can I try on these shoes?
Can I try on this jacket?
Can I try on this jumper, please?
Can I try on this pair of shoes?
Can I try one more?
Can I try them on?
Can I try these shoes on?
Can I try this chocolate?
Can I try this jacket on?
Can I try this on?
Can I try to do that again?
Can I try to do that once more?
Can I try your Kabyle dress on?
Can I try your bicycle?
Can I try your bread?
Can I try?
Can I turn it in late?
Can I turn my homework in late?
Can I turn off the TV?
Can I turn on my playlist?
Can I turn on the TV?
Can I turn on the light?
Can I turn on the lights?
Can I turn on the radio?
Can I turn the light on?
Can I turn the lights on?
Can I unload the high speed film?
Can I use Canadian money here?
Can I use MasterCard here?
Can I use Mastercard?
Can I use a calculator?
Can I use a credit card for payment?
Can I use a credit card here?
Can I use a credit card?
Can I use a netbook while standing in a crowded train?
Can I use full-text search on Linux?
Can I use it here?
Can I use it?
Can I use my TV remote to operate my set-top box?
Can I use my credit card?
Can I use my laptop in the bath?
Can I use my medical insurance?
Can I use my travelers' checks to pay the fee?
Can I use my travelers’ checks to pay the fee?
Can I use the Wi-Fi?
Can I use the bathroom?
Can I use the computer?
Can I use the kitchen?
Can I use the laundry any time?
Can I use the phone?
Can I use them with you?
Can I use this area to raise vegetables?
Can I use this bike?
Can I use this cart?
Can I use this credit card internationally?
Can I use this dictionary of yours?
Can I use this dictionary?
Can I use this eraser?
Can I use this room freely?
Can I use this shopping cart?
Can I use this solvent to dilute my sample?
Can I use this style by default?
Can I use this trolley?
Can I use this?
Can I use your apartment?
Can I use your bathroom?
Can I use your car for a little while?
Can I use your car this evening?
Can I use your cellphone?
Can I use your computer for a second?
Can I use your computer to check my e-mail?
Can I use your computer?
Can I use your credit card?
Can I use your dictionary for a minute?
Can I use your dictionary?
Can I use your house as a location for our film shoot?
Can I use your house?
Can I use your ladies' room?
Can I use your loo?
Can I use your mobile?
Can I use your pen?
Can I use your pencil?
Can I use your phone for a sec?
Can I use your phone, please?
Can I use your phone?
Can I use your shower?
Can I use your soldering iron?
Can I use your telephone, please?
Can I use your telephone?
Can I use your toilet, please?
Can I use your toilet?
Can I use your typewriter?
Can I use yours?
Can I visit Australia with Tom?
Can I visit Boston with Tom?
Can I visit Madame Tussauds?
Can I visit a church?
Can I visit a mosque?
Can I visit a synagogue?
Can I visit an art gallery?
Can I visit the London Eye?
Can I visit your castle?
Can I wait for Tom here?
Can I wait for her here?
Can I wait for him here?
Can I wait for them here?
Can I wait here?
Can I walk down here?
Can I walk there?
Can I walk you home?
Can I walk you to school?
Can I warm up by the fire?
Can I wash and blow dry your cat?
Can I wash my hands?
Can I watch TV tonight?
Can I watch VR videos on a regular screen as well?
Can I watch football with you again next Sunday?
Can I watch television now?
Can I watch videos on this phone?
Can I watch your next game?
Can I wear a mask at this party?
Can I wear your clothes?
Can I work here?
Can I write it like that?
Can I write it that way?
Can I write sentences without a verb?
Can I write the name of the beneficiary in Russian?
Can I write with this pen?
Can I, my love, give you little kisses even in my dreams?
Can I, please, explain?
Can I?
Can India develop like China?
Can Julian Assange be charged with espionage?
Can Mali acquire access to Algerian ports?
Can Marika read and write Japanese?
Can Mars be brought back to life again?
Can Mars be colonized?
Can Mars be made habitable?
Can Mars be terraformed?
Can Mars become a second Earth?
Can Mary do that herself?
Can Mary drive herself home?
Can Mary drive?
Can Mary handle a gardening project on her own?
Can Mary really speak French as well as she says she can?
Can Mary use rainwater to nourish her garden?
Can María try it?
Can Morocco escape poverty?
Can Morocco overcome poverty?
Can Muscovites understand people from Kyrgyzstan?
Can Muscovites understand the Kyrgyz?
Can Muslims practice their religion publicly in your country?
Can Pokémon understand their trainers?
Can Russia use tactical nuclear weapons against Ukraine?
Can S. Jobs bring back the magic to Disney?
Can Sami get a gun for us?
Can Saudi Arabia be openly criticized in France?
Can Siamese cats change colors?
Can Superman also see through clothes?
Can Superman's x-ray vision see through adamantium?
Can Tatoeba contribute to the saving of endangered languages?
Can Tatoeba help minority languages?
Can Tatoeba help students who learn foreign languages?
Can Tatoeba help you to learn foreign languages?
Can Tebboune achieve an economic miracle in Algeria?
Can Tebboune achieve economic diversification in Algeria?
Can Tebboune achieve great goals?
Can Tebboune create a better economy for Algeria?
Can Tebboune lead Algeria from penury to prosperity?
Can Tebboune make Algeria a better country?
Can Tebboune make Algeria a better place?
Can Tebboune make Algeria a much more competitive country?
Can Tebboune make Algeria great again?
Can Tebboune make things better in Algeria?
Can Tebboune pull Algeria out of collapse?
Can Tebboune realize his economic vision for Algeria?
Can Tebboune really stick to his words?
Can Tebboune rebuild Algeria?
Can Tebboune run Algeria's political and economic crises?
Can Tebboune transform Algeria into an economic miracle?
Can Tebboune transform Algeria into an industrial power?
Can Tebboune turn Algeria into a developed country?
Can Tom actually do it?
Can Tom actually do that?
Can Tom actually play the drums?
Can Tom actually speak French?
Can Tom afford that?
Can Tom also play the saxophone?
Can Tom and Mary both do that?
Can Tom and Mary both speak French?
Can Tom and Mary both swim?
Can Tom and Mary do that for us today?
Can Tom and Mary do that for us?
Can Tom and Mary do that themselves?
Can Tom and Mary do that today?
Can Tom and Mary do that?
Can Tom and Mary do the job?
Can Tom and Mary really speak French as well as they say they can?
Can Tom and Mary speak French?
Can Tom be believed?
Can Tom be counted upon?
Can Tom be in Australia on Monday?
Can Tom be in Boston on Monday?
Can Tom be trusted?
Can Tom bring everyone together?
Can Tom buy that for us?
Can Tom carry it?
Can Tom change it?
Can Tom close the deal?
Can Tom come and talk to me?
Can Tom come back?
Can Tom come out to play?
Can Tom come to Australia with you?
Can Tom come to Boston with you?
Can Tom come tomorrow?
Can Tom come too?
Can Tom come with us?
Can Tom come, too?
Can Tom complete his mission?
Can Tom cook?
Can Tom dance?
Can Tom do it for Mary?
Can Tom do it for us?
Can Tom do it today?
Can Tom do it?
Can Tom do that for Mary?
Can Tom do that for us today?
Can Tom do that for us?
Can Tom do that himself?
Can Tom do that instead of me?
Can Tom do that today?
Can Tom do that yet?
Can Tom do that?
Can Tom do the job?
Can Tom do this for us?
Can Tom do this?
Can Tom drive Mary home?
Can Tom drive a truck?
Can Tom drive himself home?
Can Tom drive?
Can Tom eat with us this evening?
Can Tom explain this?
Can Tom find his way out?
Can Tom get Mary to agree to do that?
Can Tom get Mary to do that?
Can Tom get a dog?
Can Tom get here in time?
Can Tom get tickets for us?
Can Tom give Mary a ride home?
Can Tom give Mary this?
Can Tom go first?
Can Tom go, too?
Can Tom handle failure?
Can Tom handle the pressure?
Can Tom handle the truth?
Can Tom have that meal?
Can Tom hear us?
Can Tom help us?
Can Tom join you?
Can Tom keep Mary from doing that?
Can Tom leave early?
Can Tom make it to the meeting?
Can Tom make it? He can't? Well, that's unfortunate.
Can Tom pay for all this?
Can Tom play an instrument?
Can Tom play the flute and the saxophone, too?
Can Tom play the guitar?
Can Tom play the harmonica?
Can Tom play the piano?
Can Tom play the saxophone as well?
Can Tom play the saxophone well?
Can Tom play the saxophone, too?
Can Tom play the trumpet?
Can Tom read and write Japanese?
Can Tom really be as rich as people think he is?
Can Tom really do it?
Can Tom really do that?
Can Tom really do the job?
Can Tom really do this?
Can Tom really make me do this?
Can Tom really speak French as well as he says he can?
Can Tom really speak French better than Mary?
Can Tom really speak French?
Can Tom really stay for dinner?
Can Tom really swim faster than you?
Can Tom really swim?
Can Tom really teach French?
Can Tom retake the lead?
Can Tom ride a bicycle?
Can Tom see me?
Can Tom see us?
Can Tom sing?
Can Tom sit in the back?
Can Tom sleep in my room?
Can Tom speak French better than Mary?
Can Tom speak French?
Can Tom speak more than one language?
Can Tom spend the night with us?
Can Tom stay and eat?
Can Tom stay at your place until he gets back on his feet?
Can Tom stay for dinner?
Can Tom stay for supper?
Can Tom stay here?
Can Tom stay in Australia with us next summer?
Can Tom stay in Boston with us next summer?
Can Tom stay with you while I'm away?
Can Tom stay with you while I'm in Boston?
Can Tom stay with you while he recovers from his injury?
Can Tom still do that?
Can Tom still manage to do that?
Can Tom stop?
Can Tom swim?
Can Tom teach French?
Can Tom tell us about it?
Can Tom understand French?
Can Tom walk?
Can Tom write his name?
Can Tom's version of the story be believed?
Can Trump be impeached?
Can Trump be trusted?
Can Ukraine push Russia out of its borders?
Can Ukraine seize Crimea?
Can Ukraine take back the Donbas?
Can Ukraine weaken Russian positions in and around Crimea?
Can Ukrainian troops advance south and reach Crimea?
Can Ukrainian troops reach Crimea?
Can Ukrainian troops retake Crimea?
Can Ukrainians cross the Dniepro?
Can Western Sahara become a member state of the UN?
Can Yanni drive again?
Can Yanni fix the bullseye in Skura's windshield?
Can Yanni get past this?
Can Yanni swim again?
Can Yanni walk again?
Can Yuri get rid of his disease?
Can Ziri do this?
Can Ziri have a cameo in the episode?
Can Ziri's ivy survive the dark months?
Can a Muslim man marry a Christian woman?
Can a Muslim man marry a Hindu woman?
Can a Muslim man marry a Jewish woman?
Can a Muslim woman wear pants?
Can a beautiful voodoo woman cast a spell on me, pretty please?
Can a bee sting kill you?
Can a being create the fifty billion galaxies, each with one hundred billion stars, then rejoice in the smell of burning goat flesh?
Can a body heal with a sick heart?
Can a body, hand, or finger enter the safety partition?
Can a bus driver become president?
Can a case be made for late-term abortions?
Can a child do such a cruel thing?
Can a child of her age distinguish good from bad?
Can a city exist without having a culture of its own?
Can a cube that does not last for any time at all, have a real existence?
Can a cup of tea remedy anything?
Can a deal be struck?
Can a giraffe fight off four lions?
Can a hospital patient with MRSA infection have visitors?
Can a hovercraft safely cross a minefield?
Can a jackal be tamed?
Can a jellyfish sting kill you?
Can a kiwi bird fly?
Can a lifetime of pee fill up a swimming pool?
Can a little bit of resin stop this windshield crack from growing?
Can a little bit of resin stop this windshield crack from spreading?
Can a man become a woman?
Can a man catch thrush from a female partner?
Can a man take fire in his bosom, and his clothes not be burned?
Can a moon have its own moons?
Can a non-native English speaker ever win a debate against a native speaker at the highest levels of debate?
Can a nuke break an asteroid apart?
Can a person be arrested without a warrant?
Can a person born blind ever understand what colors are?
Can a person go mad like this?
Can a person who's blind in their own house become clairvoyant at the bazaar?
Can a person who’s blind in their own house become clairvoyant at the bazaar?
Can a puffin fly?
Can a rook in chess attack in a forward direction?
Can a scratched windshield be fixed?
Can a single look lead to true love?
Can a single sentence ever be copyrighted?
Can a strange land be my home?
Can a tampon get lost inside me?
Can a taser kill?
Can a trip during which one can't talk directly with the residents of the visited locations give anything valuable to the traveler?
Can a two-year-old boy run that fast?
Can a vampire use a tanning bed?
Can a virus damage computer hardware?
Can a vulture eat a cheetah?
Can a worm-infested wooden house be insulated against heat loss?
Can agriculture become a key sector in Algeria?
Can all birds fly?
Can all of you understand French?
Can all of your brothers and sisters swim?
Can all of your children speak French?
Can all university music students do things like sight reading and improvisation?
Can all your children speak French?
Can an elephant sneeze?
Can an illusion exist?
Can an instantaneous cube exist?
Can an omnipotent God create a stone so heavy that even He may not lift it?
Can ants fart?
Can anxiety cause dyspepsia?
Can any girl like him?
Can any of this be true?
Can any of us speak Spanish?
Can any of you speak French?
Can any of you suggest another solution?
Can any of you tell me how to do this?
Can any of you tell me what happened?
Can any of you tell me where Tom is?
Can any of your friends speak French?
Can anybody be angry without excitement?
Can anybody blame Tom?
Can anybody come with me to a Lady Gaga concert?
Can anybody do it?
Can anybody do that?
Can anybody else answer?
Can anybody explain to me what is going on?
Can anybody explain to me what's going on?
Can anybody explain to me why this is happening?
Can anybody guess what it was?
Can anybody guess what this is?
Can anybody hear me?
Can anybody help me?
Can anybody help us do this?
Can anybody help you?
Can anybody here explain what this means?
Can anybody here speak French?
Can anybody stop Tom?
Can anybody stop them?
Can anybody tell me Tom's phone number?
Can anybody tell me how to do this?
Can anybody tell me what's going on here?
Can anybody tell me what's happening here?
Can anybody tell me where Tom went?
Can anybody tell me why Tom and Mary aren't here?
Can anybody tell me why Tom isn't here?
Can anyone answer my question?
Can anyone answer that?
Can anyone be happy without money?
Can anyone beat this?
Can anyone believe you?
Can anyone comment?
Can anyone confirm that?
Can anyone confirm your story?
Can anyone corroborate?
Can anyone do it?
Can anyone do that?
Can anyone drive?
Can anyone else answer?
Can anyone else do that?
Can anyone else fit in this car?
Can anyone else here speak French?
Can anyone explain this to me?
Can anyone explain to me what is going on here?
Can anyone explain to me what this means?
Can anyone explain to me what's going on?
Can anyone explain to me why this is happening?
Can anyone fix a flat tire?
Can anyone give me a hand?
Can anyone guess how many pennies are in this jar?
Can anyone guess how much money is in this jar?
Can anyone guess what this is?
Can anyone guess what's in this box?
Can anyone guess?
Can anyone hear me?
Can anyone help Tom?
Can anyone help me do this?
Can anyone help me solve this problem?
Can anyone help me with this?
Can anyone help me?
Can anyone help out?
Can anyone help us do this?
Can anyone help you?
Can anyone help?
Can anyone here explain to me what this means?
Can anyone here explain what this means?
Can anyone here speak French?
Can anyone here speak Mandarin?
Can anyone join?
Can anyone out there help me?
Can anyone please help me do this?
Can anyone pronounce this word?
Can anyone read this message for me? I don't understand English.
Can anyone read what that says?
Can anyone read what's written there?
Can anyone really replace Tom?
Can anyone recommend a wedding photographer?
Can anyone recommend for me a good monolingual German dictionary?
Can anyone report anything good?
Can anyone run for class president?
Can anyone smell smoke?
Can anyone stop Tom?
Can anyone tell me the name of this movie?
Can anyone tell me the time?
Can anyone tell me what I should do next?
Can anyone tell me what the capital city of Algeria is?
Can anyone tell me what the name of this movie is?
Can anyone tell me what this is?
Can anyone tell me what this might be?
Can anyone tell me what to do?
Can anyone tell me what's going on here?
Can anyone tell me what's going on in this house?
Can anyone tell me what's happening here?
Can anyone tell me where Tom is?
Can anyone tell me which movie this is?
Can anyone tell me why Tom and Mary aren't here?
Can anyone tell me why Tom isn't here?
Can anyone top this?
Can anyone translate this sentence?
Can anyone truly be happy?
Can anyone verify that?
Can anyone verify this?
Can anyone vouch for your whereabouts last night?
Can anything be done for Tom?
Can anything be done for her?
Can anything be done for him?
Can anything be done to accelerate economic change in Algeria?
Can anything be done?
Can anything else be done?
Can anything escape from a black hole?
Can anything ever be the same again?
Can anything make her happy?
Can anything make him happy?
Can anything make them happy?
Can anything make you happy?
Can apes lie?
Can art change the world?
Can astronauts adjust to life on Mars?
Can bee stings kill you?
Can birds smell?
Can both Tom and Mary do that?
Can both Tom and Mary speak French?
Can both Tom and Mary swim?
Can both of us stay here?
Can both of you understand French?
Can cats eat bananas?
Can cats have flax milk?
Can cats have salami?
Can cats have sweet potato?
Can cats have vegan cheese?
Can cats have vegan yogurt?
Can cats really see in the dark?
Can chaos be the path to enlightenment?
Can chickens fly?
Can chickens swim?
Can chimpanzees swim?
Can city-boys plough?
Can clothes and towels spread germs?
Can cockroaches chew through wood?
Can cockroaches eat through wood?
Can coffee stains be removed?
Can color blindness be cured?
Can computers actually translate literary works?
Can computers translate literary works?
Can corruption be fought in Algeria?
Can damp and mould affect my health?
Can deer be heard barking all year round?
Can dogs eat bananas?
Can dogs experience emotions similar to humans?
Can drinking coffee give you a headache?
Can dung beetles see stars?
Can eating just vegetables help you lose weight?
Can eating meat make you smarter?
Can eating too much black liquorice be bad for you?
Can either of your parents speak French?
Can elephants fly?
Can elephants sneeze?
Can everyone hear me okay?
Can everyone hear me?
Can everyone here read?
Can everyone see?
Can example sentences, like the ones on Tatoeba, be used to improve machine translators?
Can existence be infinite?
Can extinct animals be brought back?
Can fast food really be healthy?
Can foreign students be in the club?
Can foreign students join this club?
Can freedom exist without boundaries?
Can friendship exist between a man and a woman?
Can further price rises be prevented?
Can golems talk?
Can having an abortion affect my fertility?
Can he accompany her to school this afternoon?
Can he account for his action?
Can he at least write?
Can he be ill when he runs around like that?
Can he be trusted?
Can he come in to see the baby?
Can he come to the meeting tomorrow?
Can he come too?
Can he come with us to the circus?
Can he deal with all of them?
Can he deal with them?
Can he do it?
Can he do this job?
Can he do this work?
Can he do whatever he wants?
Can he drive?
Can he fit in that seat?
Can he fulfill his dream?
Can he handle them all?
Can he handle them?
Can he have said such a thing?
Can he keep it going?
Can he play guitar?
Can he play the guitar?
Can he play the piano?
Can he replicate elaborate shapes or does he tend to make a mishmash?
Can he resuscitate the dead?
Can he see me?
Can he see our horse?
Can he see us?
Can he send you a brochure?
Can he sing?
Can he speak Dutch?
Can he speak English, French, or German?
Can he speak English?
Can he speak French?
Can he speak Japanese?
Can he speak Spanish?
Can he swim? Sure! Tom was the best swimmer of our class, and knowing him I don't think he lost a bit of his skill.
Can he teach me Berber?
Can he trust you?
Can he understand Hungarian?
Can he understand Magyar?
Can he understand the Hungarian language?
Can he understand the Magyar language?
Can he understand the language of Hungarians?
Can he understand the language of Magyars?
Can he understand the language of the Hungarian people?
Can he understand the language of the Magyar people?
Can he write his last name?
Can he write this character?
Can he write?
Can her story be true?
Can his story be true?
Can hope exist without despair?
Can hope survive without action?
Can horses do math?
Can hot tubs make you infertile?
Can humanity manage to avoid blowing itself up long enough to colonize other planets?
Can humans make Mars habitable?
Can humans settle on Mars?
Can humans survive on Mars?
Can infinity be an imaginary number?
Can interest you in some coffee?
Can it actually be done?
Can it be done any faster?
Can it be done faster?
Can it be eaten raw?
Can it be expressed more simply?
Can it be fixed?
Can it be left like that?
Can it be phrased another way?
Can it be phrased in another way?
Can it be proven beyond a shadow of a doubt?
Can it be put differently?
Can it be put like that?
Can it be put more simply?
Can it be put simpler?
Can it be reached by bike?
Can it be repaired?
Can it be repeated?
Can it be replaced?
Can it be said like that?
Can it be said that the Big Bang was the creator of the universe, of life, and of the natural laws that govern them?
Can it be that a white horse is not a horse?
Can it be that simple?
Can it be that the white horse is not a horse?
Can it be that you don't have a bit of creativity, to the point of always inventing the same apology?
Can it be that you've overlooked something?
Can it be true that he has denied that fact?
Can it be true that he is ill?
Can it be true that she committed suicide?
Can it be true?
Can it close the window?
Can it fit on the head of a pin?
Can it get any clearer than this?
Can it get any worse than that?
Can it get any worse?
Can it get better than this?
Can it get even cheaper?
Can it get worse?
Can it go any quicker?
Can it happen here?
Can it possibly happen?
Can it really be mine?
Can it really be this bad?
Can it wait a little bit?
Can it wait another hour?
Can it wait until tomorrow?
Can it wait?
Can it!
Can it.
Can jellyfish stings kill you?
Can kangaroos get rabies?
Can kangaroos hear better than humans?
Can kidneys be transferred between adults and children?
Can knowledge be of no use?
Can knowledge be useless?
Can knowledge lead to suffering?
Can knowledge set us free?
Can languages influence personality?
Can leopards run as fast as cheetahs?
Can life exist without meaning?
Can life get any better than this?
Can life happen elsewhere?
Can long distance relationships really work?
Can long distance relationships work?
Can love change the course of fate?
Can love change the course of history?
Can love conquer all things?
Can love exist without trust?
Can love last forever?
Can love transcend all boundaries?
Can love transcend time and space?
Can man live without having a social life?
Can men give birth?
Can money buy happiness?
Can most of your friends swim?
Can my baby go swimming before or after vaccinations?
Can my daughter go to school?
Can my friend sleep over tonight?
Can myrtle be used in cooking?
Can no one hear me?
Can nobody else come?
Can not connect to VPN.
Can nuclear weapons obliterate asteroids?
Can oil still accelerate Algeria's economic recovery?
Can old dogs learn new tricks?
Can one be honest without appearing arrogant?
Can one become gay after being heterosexual?
Can one better bear the sins of an atheist?
Can one die of fear?
Can one find a telephone near by?
Can one get something to eat in there?
Can one get the money back?
Can one gulp down a spoonful of cinnamon without coughing?
Can one justify the use of violence?
Can one live without a lover?
Can one of you call Tom?
Can one of you help me?
Can one of you open the door for me?
Can one of you peel this peanut for me?
Can one person make a difference?
Can one person really make a difference in the world?
Can one person really make a difference?
Can one really train a fish in an aquarium?
Can one see the difference?
Can orange trees grow in the tropics?
Can ostriches fly?
Can other people catch it?
Can other people understand it?
Can other people understand that?
Can our children play together someday?
Can our marriage be restored?
Can paint fumes affect my unborn baby?
Can passive exposure to Berber help me learn this language?
Can peace be achieved through conflict?
Can peace be found in the absence of conflict?
Can peace be found within turmoil?
Can peace exist without conflict?
Can pearls and other gems heal the body?
Can people buy these?
Can people change their habits?
Can people change?
Can people live detached from society?
Can people really be as silly as to believe that the whole population of Georgia, which speaks a Caucasian language with no common sound or common letter with English, can suddenly be fluent in English within two years?
Can people really do that?
Can permanent marker stains be removed?
Can plants feel pain?
Can plants talk?
Can politicians be trusted?
Can post-exposure prophylaxis (PEP) stop me getting HIV?
Can premature ejaculation be controlled?
Can rabbits swim?
Can raw meat be fed to cats?
Can reform be a bad thing?
Can reheating rice cause food poisoning?
Can relations between Kosovo and Serbia be normalized?
Can salad really be bad for you?
Can science explain why to this day no identical fingerprints have been found among human beings?
Can science provide an exhaustive answer?
Can sea-based trade take precedence over land-based trade in Algeria?
Can sex induce labor?
Can she accompany you?
Can she be trusted?
Can she come in time?
Can she come to the meeting tomorrow?
Can she come too?
Can she come, too?
Can she count in Italian, too?
Can she cycle?
Can she do it?
Can she endure a long trip?
Can she get the law degree?
Can she give them a hand on Sunday morning?
Can she have broken off with them?
Can she play the guitar?
Can she play the piano?
Can she prove it?
Can she read a sci-fi book in a logographic language? Are there logograms she can't read?
Can she ride a bicycle?
Can she ride a bike?
Can she see me?
Can she see us?
Can she sing?
Can she speak Dutch?
Can she speak English?
Can she swallow this fig?
Can she understand Hungarian?
Can she understand Magyar?
Can she understand the Hungarian language?
Can she understand the Magyar language?
Can she understand the language of Hungarians?
Can she understand the language of Magyars?
Can she understand the language of the Hungarian people?
Can she understand the language of the Magyar people?
Can silence heal old wounds?
Can silence reveal the truth?
Can snakes predict earthquakes?
Can somebody answer that?
Can somebody answer the phone?
Can somebody confirm this?
Can somebody explain this to me?
Can somebody get Tom a drink?
Can somebody get her a drink?
Can somebody get him a drink?
Can somebody get me a towel?
Can somebody get that?
Can somebody get them drinks?
Can somebody give me a hand here?
Can somebody give us a lift?
Can somebody help me?
Can somebody help?
Can somebody open a window, please?
Can somebody open the door for me?
Can somebody open the door please?
Can somebody open the door, please?
Can somebody open the door?
Can somebody open up a window, please?
Can somebody please give me a ride? I'm in a bit of a hurry.
Can somebody please help me?
Can somebody please tell me what's going on here?
Can somebody tell me what's going on?
Can somebody tell me what's happening here?
Can somebody tell me what's happening?
Can somebody tell me why Tom and Mary are angry?
Can somebody tell me why Tom is angry?
Can somebody walk me to my car?
Can someone accept that phone call?
Can someone answer me, please?
Can someone answer the telephone?
Can someone bring them for you if you need them?
Can someone call Tom?
Can someone call me a cab?
Can someone call security?
Can someone check this?
Can someone close the curtains?
Can someone clue Tom in?
Can someone confirm this?
Can someone else answer?
Can someone explain Bitcoin to me?
Can someone explain how this always happens?
Can someone explain it to me in detail?
Can someone explain the difference between an imaginary number and a natural number to me?
Can someone explain this paranormal phenomenon?
Can someone explain this to me?
Can someone explain this?
Can someone explain to me what a logarithmic factor is, please?
Can someone explain to me what is going on here?
Can someone explain to me why a crooked judge was appointed?
Can someone explain to me why a venal judge was appointed?
Can someone explain what this means?
Can someone explain what's going on here?
Can someone fill me in?
Can someone fix this please?
Can someone get me a hot drink?
Can someone get that call?
Can someone give me a lift?
Can someone give me a sensible answer to this question?
Can someone give me an answer?
Can someone give us a lift?
Can someone guide me on how to use this site?
Can someone help me fish out the remote from under the couch? It's really stuck in there.
Can someone help me here?
Can someone help me lift this box?
Can someone help me lift this package?
Can someone help me, please?
Can someone help me?
Can someone help us, please?
Can someone open a window, please?
Can someone open a window?
Can someone open the door please?
Can someone open the door, please?
Can someone please delete this sentence? Thanks.
Can someone please explain it to me?
Can someone please explain that to me?
Can someone please explain this to me?
Can someone please explain what's happening?
Can someone please help me?
Can someone please just tell us what happened?
Can someone please open the door?
Can someone please sweep the floor in the kitchen?
Can someone please teach me how to do this?
Can someone please teach me how to play hanafuda?
Can someone please tell me what to do?
Can someone please tell me what's going on here?
Can someone please tell me what's happening?
Can someone pronounce this word here?
Can someone recommend to me a good dictionary suitable for beginners?
Can someone refresh my memory?
Can someone respond to my question?
Can someone take our picture?
Can someone tell me how this happened?
Can someone tell me what's going on here?
Can someone tell me what's going on?
Can someone tell me what's happening?
Can someone tell me where the keyboard is?
Can someone tell me which movie you're watching?
Can someone tell me why Tom and Mary are angry?
Can someone tell me why Tom is angry?
Can someone tell me why this happened?
Can someone translate this letter into French for me?
Can someone translate this letter into German?
Can someone translate this letter written in German?
Can someone translate this?
Can someone who does not know the meaning of black really talk about what white is?
Can someone's mom pick you up after the convention?
Can something be done for Tom?
Can something like that shrink?
Can speakers of Dutch understand Afrikaans?
Can stags be heard barking all year round?
Can stags be heard belling all year round?
Can stress actually kill you?
Can such a strange thing be real?
Can such a thing happen again?
Can suffering lead to enlightenment?
Can suffering lead to growth?
Can tarot card readings come true?
Can that be achieved?
Can that be true?
Can that happen in Australia?
Can that person see our horse?
Can that really be coincidence?
Can that really be true?
Can the Algerian army rescue the country from becoming a failed state?
Can the Algerian government organize Algiers?
Can the Algerian government tidy up Algiers?
Can the Algerian military save Algeria from its crisis?
Can the Muscovites understand the Kyrgyz?
Can the Quran be changed?
Can the Soviet Union be restored?
Can the US beat China at its own game?
Can the Ukrainians hold on to Bakhmut?
Can the baby already walk?
Can the baby walk?
Can the coronavirus be cured?
Can the coronavirus live on carpets?
Can the coronavirus live on hard surfaces?
Can the coronavirus live on objects?
Can the coronavirus live on soft surfaces?
Can the country afford it?
Can the cracks in this windshield be fixed?
Can the crisis be overcome?
Can the current economy support new industries?
Can the date be brought forward?
Can the dentist see me today?
Can the doctor heal him?
Can the doctor see me this week?
Can the economy bounce back after the crisis?
Can the economy handle another downturn?
Can the economy support further growth?
Can the economy withstand another shock?
Can the fire of the heart be extinguished in the flames of the funeral pile?
Can the flu vaccine cause the flu?
Can the glass of light bulbs be recycled?
Can the government do something to protect us?
Can the human body adapt to different gravities for a long period?
Can the humanitarian team do more?
Can the island sustain itself without trade?
Can the justice system handle complex cases?
Can the lawyer see me on Friday?
Can the market provide for all the people?
Can the matter wait till tomorrow?
Can the medlars blet properly on their tree?
Can the meeting be finished within two hours?
Can the mind exist beyond the body?
Can the mind exist without the body?
Can the mission handle so many refugees?
Can the mission help those in desperate need?
Can the news be true?
Can the night bring answers?
Can the night bring you clarity?
Can the night hold forgotten dreams?
Can the president credibly commit to that?
Can the price be discounted?
Can the problems of today be resolved?
Can the report be true?
Can the retirement fund in Algeria collapse?
Can the revolution bring real change?
Can the rumor be true?
Can the service sector become a major contributor to Algeria's GDP?
Can the silence bring you peace?
Can the silence heal your heart?
Can the soul exist without the body?
Can the stability of the Algerian dinar be trusted?
Can the star be seen tomorrow night?
Can the stay be extended by a day?
Can the thylacine be resurrected?
Can the two of you come with me, please?
Can the universe be understood?
Can the violence that spread in the West Bank be contained?
Can the virus spread through breast milk?
Can the wall around the West Bank be made higher?
Can the wind carry your worries away?
Can the wind heal old wounds?
Can the woolly mammoth be brought back?
Can their families say this for them? Some people think this is a good idea.
Can there be a computer intelligent enough to tell a joke?
Can there be a really peaceful democratic transition in Algeria?
Can there be any doubt about it?
Can there be so much anger in celestial hearts?
Can these books really be of any use to young people?
Can these knives be sharpened?
Can these people be trusted?
Can these stars be seen in Australia?
Can these windshield chips be fixed?
Can these windshield chips be removed?
Can these windshield chips be repaired?
Can they accompany you?
Can they achieve their goals this year?
Can they be believed?
Can they both understand French?
Can they bring more aid to the refugees?
Can they come to the meeting tomorrow?
Can they come?
Can they compete next year?
Can they create new trade partnerships?
Can they die?
Can they do better?
Can they do this?
Can they export more goods this year?
Can they fight for liberty without violence?
Can they find all the supplies at the market?
Can they finish this before the deadline?
Can they force me to do this?
Can they give you something for that?
Can they go with you?
Can they handle the pressure?
Can they hear us?
Can they help more refugees this year?
Can they improve trade agreements this quarter?
Can they increase the volume of trade?
Can they lead the revolution to victory?
Can they negotiate better trade deals this year?
Can they open new markets for trade?
Can they organize a better humanitarian mission?
Can they organize another mission soon?
Can they push decolonization efforts forward?
Can they put the water in the bucket yet?
Can they really arrest people for helping the homeless?
Can they really do that?
Can they really hope to win this new war?
Can they renegotiate trade agreements with other nations?
Can they resist the pressure of the revolution?
Can they say these things?
Can they see me?
Can they see the picture?
Can they see us?
Can they send him a brochure?
Can they send me a brochure?
Can they send them a brochure?
Can they speak Dutch?
Can they speak English?
Can they trade resources with neighboring islands?
Can they trust you?
Can they try?
Can this be a sign?
Can this be all there is?
Can this be changed?
Can this be done now?
Can this be done?
Can this be eaten raw?
Can this be eaten?
Can this be fixed?
Can this be his writing?
Can this be it?
Can this be just between you and me?
Can this be repaired?
Can this be true?
Can this be used as an excuse to kill people?
Can this be useful in business?
Can this be washed?
Can this be written off as a business expense?
Can this bird fly?
Can this car go any faster?
Can this conversation be gluten free?
Can this credit card be used internationally?
Can this dog swim?
Can this gadget replace a human heart?
Can this gas be liquefied?
Can this get any worse?
Can this happen again?
Can this happen here?
Can this heather go in the ground?
Can this jet be sold to foreign militaries?
Can this machine make orange juice?
Can this news be true?
Can this phone play recordings?
Can this phone play videos?
Can this possibly be the right address?
Can this printer do double-sided?
Can this problem be solved?
Can this really make a difference?
Can this sentence stand alone?
Can this transform Algeria in an economic superpower?
Can this wait till morning?
Can this wait until morning?
Can this wait until next week?
Can this wait until tomorrow?
Can this wait?
Can this wait? I'm busy here.
Can this water be drunk?
Can this website make you fluent in Arabic?
Can this windshield be repaired?
Can this windshield crack be fixed?
Can thrush harm my baby during pregnancy?
Can tickets for the concert be bought here?
Can time be an illusion?
Can time truly heal the soul?
Can translating sentences for fun become a job?
Can true freedom be achieved?
Can trust be rebuilt after it’s broken?
Can truth exist without belief?
Can usernames be changed?
Can virtue exist without sin?
Can wars be solved by diplomacy? One would fervently hope so.
Can watching movies really aid in language acquisition?
Can water intoxicate a person?
Can we accompany you?
Can we address each other informally?
Can we admit it's good?
Can we afford a new car?
Can we afford all this?
Can we afford it now?
Can we afford it?
Can we afford that?
Can we afford this?
Can we afford to be wrong?
Can we afford to buy that?
Can we afford to do that?
Can we afford to eat here?
Can we afford to lose that?
Can we afford to pass up this opportunity?
Can we afford to take the chance?
Can we agree that imperialism is bad anywhere, even if the imperialists belong to the specific global power bloc that we were born into?
Can we all just speak French, please?
Can we allow ourselves that? Do we have the money?
Can we allow ourselves that? Have we got the money?
Can we apply this rule in this case?
Can we apply?
Can we arrange a meeting?
Can we ask Tom?
Can we ask some more questions now?
Can we ask you a couple of questions?
Can we ask you a few questions?
Can we assist you in any way?
Can we assume that everything is in order?
Can we at least hug goodbye?
Can we at least sit down?
Can we at least think about it for a minute?
Can we at least try getting along?
Can we attribute any scientific progress of world importance to Saudi Arabia?
Can we avoid a civil war?
Can we be friends again?
Can we be friends now?
Can we be friends?
Can we be here for a little long?
Can we be honest?
Can we be in Boston by Monday?
Can we be of any further assistance?
Can we be overheard?
Can we be sure of this?
Can we be sure that anything or anyone is conscious?
Can we begin a terraforming project on Mars?
Can we believe Tom?
Can we believe in that?
Can we believe politicians?
Can we believe that?
Can we believe them?
Can we believe you?
Can we break free from destiny?
Can we break free from the cycle of fate?
Can we breathe in space?
Can we bring Mars back to life again?
Can we bring Tom?
Can we bring her?
Can we bring him?
Can we bring the date forward?
Can we bring them?
Can we build a base on Mars?
Can we build a city on Mars?
Can we build a research center on Mars?
Can we build an antimatter rocket?
Can we build an antimatter system?
Can we build cities on Mars?
Can we build factories on Mars?
Can we build faster rockets?
Can we build houses on Mars?
Can we build on Mars?
Can we buy silk cloth at that market?
Can we buy some figs?
Can we call Tom now?
Can we call her now?
Can we call him now?
Can we call them now?
Can we catch Tom?
Can we catch the train?
Can we catch up soon, please?
Can we change Mars's atmosphere?
Can we change an asteroid's course?
Can we change history?
Can we change our destiny?
Can we change our past by changing our present?
Can we change our path at any time?
Can we change rooms?
Can we change subjects now?
Can we change the Martian atmosphere?
Can we change the course of our lives?
Can we change the font?
Can we change the key to G?
Can we change the past by changing the present?
Can we change the subject, please?
Can we change the subject?
Can we change who we are?
Can we check in already?
Can we check the rapid spread of the 'flu?
Can we check the rapid spread of the ’flu?
Can we clarify a few things?
Can we climb up the church tower?
Can we clone mammoths?
Can we close the door?
Can we colonize Mars?
Can we come along?
Can we come back to this later?
Can we come in for moment?
Can we come in?
Can we come over for dinner?
Can we come tomorrow?
Can we come too?
Can we come with you?
Can we come, too?
Can we come?
Can we communicate with them?
Can we consider that settled?
Can we control our desires?
Can we control our own fate?
Can we control our own thoughts?
Can we conveniently parametrise higher-degree curves?
Can we count on Tom to do that for us?
Can we count on Tom to do that?
Can we count on Tom's help?
Can we count on Tom?
Can we count on them?
Can we count on you to do that?
Can we count on you?
Can we create a city on Mars?
Can we create a magnetic field on Mars?
Can we create antimatter?
Can we create artificial gravity?
Can we create something out of nothing?
Can we cross the river?
Can we cut to the chase here?
Can we develop a vaccine against the coronavirus?
Can we discuss it like adults?
Can we discuss this after lunch? I’m starving!
Can we discuss this after work?
Can we discuss this later?
Can we discuss this some other time?
Can we discuss this tomorrow morning?
Can we do a sound check at 2.30?
Can we do a sound check at 2:30?
Can we do a sound check at half past two?
Can we do a sound check at half two?
Can we do anything for you?
Can we do anything to help Tom?
Can we do anything to help her?
Can we do anything to help him?
Can we do anything to help them?
Can we do it again?
Can we do it another time?
Can we do it before Monday?
Can we do it on Monday instead?
Can we do it this week?
Can we do it?
Can we do it? Yes, we can.
Can we do some work now?
Can we do something else or not?
Can we do something for you?
Can we do something to help Tom?
Can we do something?
Can we do that again?
Can we do that before Monday?
Can we do that here?
Can we do that job wirelessly?
Can we do that later?
Can we do that next week instead?
Can we do that now?
Can we do that on Monday instead?
Can we do that right away?
Can we do that this week?
Can we do that?
Can we do this again next Monday?
Can we do this again?
Can we do this another time?
Can we do this later?
Can we do this some other time?
Can we do this together?
Can we do this tomorrow?
Can we do this?
Can we drive to Madrid?
Can we drive to Miami on half a tank of gas?
Can we drive you home?
Can we drop this?
Can we eat now?
Can we eat this?
Can we edit our children’s genes?
Can we effect a compromise?
Can we enhance the image?
Can we enter the nature reserve?
Can we establish a colony on Mars?
Can we establish a human settlement on Mars?
Can we ever achieve true freedom?
Can we ever achieve true wisdom?
Can we ever be free from fear?
Can we ever be free of our past?
Can we ever be truly free?
Can we ever be truly happy?
Can we ever break free from fate?
Can we ever break free from the cycle of existence?
Can we ever break the cycle of life?
Can we ever break the cycle of suffering?
Can we ever escape our own minds?
Can we ever escape our past?
Can we ever escape our thoughts?
Can we ever escape suffering?
Can we ever escape the cycle of existence?
Can we ever escape the cycle of life?
Can we ever find true peace?
Can we ever fully understand the universe?
Can we ever know the truth?
Can we ever reach enlightenment?
Can we ever reach true wisdom?
Can we ever truly be free?
Can we ever truly know ourselves?
Can we ever truly let go of the past?
Can we exist without connection?
Can we exist without purpose?
Can we expect Tom to do that?
Can we expect a full recovery of Algeria's economy next year?
Can we expect anything else?
Can we expect your cooperation?
Can we extend a hand to the people in the forgotten corners of this world who long for a chance at security and justice and a life shaped by the wish for dignity?
Can we extend the deadline by three weeks?
Can we extend the deadline by two weeks?
Can we extend the delivery time by two weeks?
Can we extract water on Mars?
Can we find a dog-friendly restaurant?
Can we find accommodations at a hotel for tonight?
Can we find another way to play?
Can we find anybody that knows this town?
Can we find balance between reason and emotion?
Can we find joy in spite of suffering and death?
Can we find meaning in chaos?
Can we find meaning in suffering?
Can we find peace in chaos?
Can we finish building the device without Tom?
Can we finish in the top three?
Can we finish up here?
Can we fish there?
Can we fix it?
Can we fix this?
Can we fly humans to Mars?
Can we focus on solutions instead of problems?
Can we force Tom to do that?
Can we forget about that?
Can we forget that that just happened?
Can we forget that this just happened?
Can we forget what just happened?
Can we get Mars warm enough for humans to live on it?
Can we get Tom to do that?
Can we get Tom to leave?
Can we get a bigger one?
Can we get a dog?
Can we get a voucher?
Can we get back to discussing my problem?
Can we get back to the topic?
Can we get closer?
Can we get copies of these?
Can we get copies of this?
Can we get help for Tom?
Can we get help for them?
Can we get help?
Can we get him out of jail?
Can we get it fixed?
Can we get on with it?
Can we get out of here now, please?
Can we get out of this jam?
Can we get rid of that old statue?
Can we get some coffee?
Can we get some help over here?
Can we get some help?
Can we get some more cream?
Can we get some more?
Can we get some privacy here?
Can we get some sleep?
Can we get something to drink?
Can we get something to eat there?
Can we get started now?
Can we get started with the game?
Can we get started?
Can we get the important information?
Can we get there in time?
Can we get there on foot from here?
Can we get this done by the end of the week?
Can we get this gate open?
Can we get this over with, please?
Can we get this windshield rock chip fixed?
Can we get to the beach by bus?
Can we get to the moon in the near future?
Can we get together for lunch?
Can we get you anything?
Can we get you to do that?
Can we give Tom a ride?
Can we give it ten more minutes?
Can we give this a try?
Can we give you a cashier's check?
Can we go a little bit faster?
Can we go a little faster, please?
Can we go a little faster?
Can we go a little slower, please?
Can we go a little slower?
Can we go back home?
Can we go back now?
Can we go crazy now?
Can we go fishing?
Can we go for a walk?
Can we go hiking next Monday?
Can we go home and go to sleep now?
Can we go home now?
Can we go home?
Can we go inside the mosque?
Can we go inside?
Can we go much higher?
Can we go now, please?
Can we go now?
Can we go over my options?
Can we go over there?
Can we go shopping for shoes?
Can we go somewhere a little more private?
Can we go somewhere and talk?
Can we go there?
Can we go through here?
Can we go to Boston again?
Can we go to Boston next summer?
Can we go to Boston?
Can we go to Kabylie?
Can we go to Mars?
Can we go to a different venue?
Can we go to lunch now?
Can we go to the al-Aqsa Mosque?
Can we go to the beach tomorrow?
Can we go to the circus?
Can we go to the lake and watch the sunrise?
Can we go to the mosque?
Can we go to the park and play now?
Can we go to the shops for sweets, please?
Can we go to the teahouse if it's open?
Can we go to your room?
Can we go up the tower over there?
Can we go upstairs?
Can we go with you?
Can we go?
Can we green the Sahara again?
Can we grow crops in Martian gravity?
Can we grow crops in Martian soil?
Can we grow food on Mars?
Can we grow forests on Mars?
Can we grow grass on Mars?
Can we grow plants in Martian sand?
Can we grow plants on Mars?
Can we grow trees on Mars?
Can we grow vegetables on Mars?
Can we hang out?
Can we have a discussion about this?
Can we have a drink later?
Can we have a gathering over that tomorrow?
Can we have a menu, please?
Can we have a minute alone?
Can we have a minute?
Can we have a moment alone, please?
Can we have a moment alone?
Can we have a table near the window?
Can we have a talk?
Can we have a word outside?
Can we have a word with Tom?
Can we have a word with her?
Can we have a word with him?
Can we have a word with you?
Can we have and raise kids on Mars?
Can we have another round, please?
Can we have dinner together?
Can we have dinner tonight?
Can we have identity without language?
Can we have it now?
Can we have our drinks, please?
Can we have pancakes for breakfast tomorrow?
Can we have some more bread, please?
Can we have some privacy, please?
Can we have some privacy?
Can we have the menu, please?
Can we heat up Mars' atmosphere?
Can we help Tom?
Can we help him in any way?
Can we help them?
Can we help you with something?
Can we help you?
Can we help?
Can we hide in your basement?
Can we hit the road, please?
Can we hit the road?
Can we hold a meeting about this tomorrow?
Can we humans digest grass and obtain nourishment from it?
Can we hurry this along?
Can we hurry this up?
Can we interview Tom?
Can we interview her?
Can we interview him?
Can we interview them?
Can we join in?
Can we join the team?
Can we just drop it?
Can we just drop this?
Can we just eat, please?
Can we just forget this ever happened?
Can we just get on with this?
Can we just get this over with, please?
Can we just get this over with?
Can we just go home?
Can we just move on?
Can we just not talk for a minute?
Can we just skip that?
Can we just start over?
Can we just stop arguing for a moment?
Can we just stop doing this?
Can we just talk about something else?
Can we keep it a secret?
Can we keep it?
Can we keep the baby dragon?
Can we knock it off, please?
Can we knock it off?
Can we know anything with certitude?
Can we know happiness without sorrow?
Can we know truth without doubt?
Can we land humans on Mars?
Can we land people safely on Mars?
Can we leave Tom now?
Can we leave now?
Can we leave?
Can we live here?
Can we live on Mars?
Can we live without faith?
Can we lock this door?
Can we look at it tomorrow?
Can we make Algeria a rich country?
Can we make Mars a fully habitable world?
Can we make Mars a habitable place?
Can we make Mars a habitable planet?
Can we make Mars a livable world?
Can we make Mars a living planet?
Can we make Mars a living world?
Can we make Mars an exact copy of Earth?
Can we make Mars habitable and turn it green?
Can we make Mars habitable?
Can we make Mars more like Earth?
Can we make Mars suitable for life?
Can we make Mars warmer?
Can we make Mars' atmosphere breathable?
Can we make a bigger difference?
Can we make a difference?
Can we make a fire in this wind?
Can we make a lunch date?
Can we make a run for it?
Can we make a substitution?
Can we make it in time?
Can we make it?
Can we make life flourish on Mars?
Can we make one of those?
Can we make papaya salad with this papaya or is it too ripe?
Can we make this quick?
Can we make this work?
Can we measure the surface temperature?
Can we meet February 28, around 3:00 pm?
Can we meet a little later?
Can we meet again tomorrow?
Can we meet at 2:30 on October 20th?
Can we meet at the park?
Can we meet in the square?
Can we meet on 28 February at about 3.00 pm?
Can we meet on 28th February at about 3.00 p.m.?
Can we meet on February the 28th, around 3:00 p.m.?
Can we meet on Monday?
Can we meet on October 20th at 2:30?
Can we meet somewhere?
Can we meet tomorrow morning at nine?
Can we meet tomorrow?
Can we meet?
Can we melt Martian water ice?
Can we move it?
Can we move on to another topic?
Can we move on to the next item?
Can we move on?
Can we narrow down the ocean area where floating debris is supposed to be?
Can we not attain to some farther-reaching philosophy?
Can we not talk about Tom right now?
Can we not talk about it here?
Can we not talk about it, please?
Can we not talk about that now?
Can we not talk about this just now?
Can we not talk about this now?
Can we offer him any assistance?
Can we open it?
Can we order please?
Can we pick up where we left off?
Can we plan on doing it on Monday?
Can we play a little longer?
Can we play now and study afterward?
Can we play now and study afterwards?
Can we play outside?
Can we play some more?
Can we play that game again?
Can we please discuss this?
Can we please drop this?
Can we please focus here?
Can we please get back to the problem at hand?
Can we please get on with this?
Can we please get this over with?
Can we please go home now?
Can we please have a discussion about this?
Can we please have two cups of tea and one cup of coffee?
Can we please just cover this up with something?
Can we please leave now?
Can we please not talk about it anymore?
Can we please stick to the plan this time?
Can we please turn this off?
Can we postpone the meeting until tomorrow?
Can we postpone the trip?
Can we postpone tomorrow's amorous encounter?
Can we pray in your room?
Can we pray together?
Can we present your Pygmalion?
Can we pretend we are all in Croatia for the night?
Can we produce crops in Martian gravity?
Can we protect ourselves or not?
Can we prove it?
Can we provide assistance?
Can we put this incident behind us?
Can we quit talking about this?
Can we reach a consensus on this issue?
Can we reach her by phone?
Can we reach them by phone?
Can we really afford it?
Can we really afford not to do that?
Can we really afford that?
Can we really afford to buy all this?
Can we really afford to wait?
Can we really do this this way?
Can we really expect Tom to cooperate with us?
Can we really grow plants on Mars?
Can we really have all of these?
Can we really learn to speak a foreign language like a native?
Can we really terraform Mars?
Can we really trust Tom?
Can we really trust that Tom will do that?
Can we reclaim water from Martian ice?
Can we recycle this?
Can we rely on Tom?
Can we rent a car?
Can we rent a fishing boat here?
Can we rent a rowboat?
Can we rent one of these boats?
Can we replace our psychopaths with computer programs?
Can we replace the upholstery? It's looks terrible because of what our dog did to it.
Can we repopulate an area after a bushfire?
Can we reschedule?
Can we rest a moment?
Can we rest a while?
Can we rest here a second?
Can we restore habitable conditions on Mars?
Can we ride the horses?
Can we ride with you?
Can we roller-skate in this park?
Can we run now?
Can we save Tom?
Can we save her?
Can we save him?
Can we save the planet?
Can we save them?
Can we say "NO!" to the USA?
Can we say "No" to America?
Can we say "No" to the United States?
Can we say no to Esperanto?
Can we say no to Tom?
Can we say no to the USA?
Can we see Tom now?
Can we see Tom's room?
Can we see each other next weekend?
Can we see each other this evening?
Can we see each other tomorrow?
Can we see her now?
Can we see him now?
Can we see it now?
Can we see the doctor now?
Can we see the hundredth part of what exists?
Can we see them now?
Can we see you a minute?
Can we see you a second?
Can we send a colonization mission to Mars?
Can we send astronauts to Mars?
Can we send people to Mars?
Can we send the work to Algeria?
Can we set the date?
Can we settle that tomorrow?
Can we settle this tomorrow?
Can we shunt the water over to the canal?
Can we sing?
Can we sit at the table over there?
Can we sit down?
Can we sit here?
Can we sit in the back?
Can we sit over there?
Can we smoke here?
Can we speak French instead?
Can we speak French?
Can we speak German?
Can we speak in French?
Can we speak in the hall?
Can we speak in the other room?
Can we speak now?
Can we speak outside for a moment?
Can we speak privately for a moment?
Can we speak to you for a moment?
Can we speak with you?
Can we speed it up?
Can we spend the night in that hotel?
Can we start again?
Can we start being less formal with each other?
Can we start if you're ready?
Can we start life on Mars?
Can we start now?
Can we start over again?
Can we start over?
Can we start?
Can we stay ahead of them?
Can we stay for the weekend?
Can we stay here until it stops raining?
Can we stay here?
Can we stay in Australia for a few weeks?
Can we stay in Boston for a few weeks?
Can we stay just a bit longer?
Can we stick to the facts, please?
Can we stick to the subject here?
Can we still be friends?
Can we still catch the 6:00 Shinkansen?
Can we still get a loan?
Can we still get there by car?
Can we still openly criticize Saudi Arabia online?
Can we still save the world, or is it too late?
Can we still trust Tom after what he has done to us?
Can we stop at my place?
Can we stop at the next rest stop?
Can we stop at the post office?
Can we stop doing this now?
Can we stop doing this?
Can we stop fighting?
Can we stop for breakfast?
Can we stop it?
Can we stop there?
Can we stop wasting time?
Can we stop?
Can we study together at the library?
Can we survive radiation exposure on Mars?
Can we swim here?
Can we swim?
Can we switch places?
Can we switch seats?
Can we switch the light on in this cellar?
Can we tag along?
Can we take Tom alive?
Can we take a break?
Can we take a look at it?
Can we take a picture here?
Can we take a picture with you?
Can we take a rain check on that?
Can we take a vote?
Can we take another look at the meeting notes?
Can we take as much as we want?
Can we take care of that tomorrow?
Can we take care of this tomorrow?
Can we take photos in this building?
Can we take pictures here?
Can we take the shahada now?
Can we talk a second?
Can we talk about it later?
Can we talk about it somewhere else?
Can we talk about it tomorrow?
Can we talk about it?
Can we talk about music?
Can we talk about one more thing?
Can we talk about something else please?
Can we talk about something else?
Can we talk about something less depressing?
Can we talk about that tomorrow? My head's going to explode.
Can we talk about the wedding?
Can we talk about this after lunch?
Can we talk about this for a minute?
Can we talk about this in private?
Can we talk about this in private? With no one else present?
Can we talk about this in the morning?
Can we talk about this inside?
Can we talk about this later?
Can we talk about this outside?
Can we talk about this somewhere else?
Can we talk about this tomorrow?
Can we talk about what happened last night?
Can we talk about what happened that day?
Can we talk after class?
Can we talk alone?
Can we talk at the end of the month?
Can we talk for a minute?
Can we talk for a sec?
Can we talk for a second?
Can we talk here?
Can we talk in my office for a minute?
Can we talk in private?
Can we talk inside?
Can we talk later this afternoon?
Can we talk later?
Can we talk less formally to each other?
Can we talk more about this later?
Can we talk now?
Can we talk outside a little?
Can we talk outside?
Can we talk somewhere more private?
Can we talk this over?
Can we talk this week?
Can we talk to Tom directly?
Can we talk to Tom now?
Can we talk to Tom?
Can we talk to her directly?
Can we talk to her now?
Can we talk to her?
Can we talk to him directly?
Can we talk to him now?
Can we talk to him?
Can we talk to them now?
Can we talk to them?
Can we talk to you a second?
Can we talk to you for a minute?
Can we talk to you for a moment?
Can we talk to you for a second?
Can we talk to you later?
Can we talk to you now?
Can we talk to you?
Can we talk tomorrow morning?
Can we talk tomorrow?
Can we talk with Tom?
Can we talk with her?
Can we talk with him?
Can we talk with them?
Can we talk with you?
Can we talk?
Can we terraform Mars?
Can we transform Mars into a habitable world?
Can we transform Mars into a warm and green planet?
Can we translate a sentence from Berber to Kabyle on Tatoeba? No, they are already written in Kabyle.
Can we trap antimatter?
Can we travel at the speed of light?
Can we travel faster than light?
Can we truly know ourselves?
Can we truly understand animal behavior without observing all interactions?
Can we trust Tom in anything?
Can we trust Tom to do that?
Can we trust Tom?
Can we trust a man like that?
Can we trust anyone?
Can we trust her?
Can we trust him?
Can we trust his words if he uses non-official stems?
Can we trust politicians?
Can we trust them?
Can we trust you?
Can we try again?
Can we try doing that again?
Can we try something else?
Can we try this again?
Can we turn Mars into a habitable world?
Can we turn Martian materials into resources?
Can we turn on some lights?
Can we turn on the air conditioning?
Can we turn some lights on?
Can we turn that off, please?
Can we turn the TV off?
Can we understand the nature of existence?
Can we understand the universe through the mind alone?
Can we use "du" with each other?
Can we use Scientific calculators on the analytical chemistry test?
Can we use a calculator?
Can we use calculators?
Can we use our notes?
Can we use our phones?
Can we use this as a weapon?
Can we use this?
Can we use your ball?
Can we visit Boston next winter?
Can we visit the villages where your language is still spoken?
Can we wait a little bit longer?
Can we wait for Tom here?
Can we wait for them here?
Can we wait here?
Can we walk home a different way?
Can we walk there?
Can we warm Mars up?
Can we warm Mars?
Can we warm up Mars?
Can we work it out?
Can we work on that now?
Can we work something out?
Can windshield wiper scratches be removed?
Can you Braille?
Can you absolutely assure delivery by August 15?
Can you abstain from smoking for a week?
Can you accept my apology?
Can you accept that the worst of the worst is in you and the best of the best is in you?
Can you accommodate me?
Can you accompany me there, please?
Can you account for all the money you spent on your trip?
Can you account for all the money you spent?
Can you account for why our team lost?
Can you account for your absence last Friday?
Can you account for your car accident?
Can you account for your whereabouts on the night of the murder?
Can you act as interpreter?
Can you actually come with Jamal?
Can you actually imagine doing that?
Can you actually read my thoughts?
Can you adapt yourself to the new job?
Can you add a full stop at the end of your sentence, please?
Can you add a layer of caramel sauce to the cake?
Can you add a layer of fruit filling to the cake?
Can you add another sentence?
Can you add me to that WhatsApp group?
Can you add me to the list?
Can you add me?
Can you add my name to the list?
Can you add that, please?
Can you add these numbers?
Can you adjust the belt to fit your waistline?
Can you adjust the temperature on the faucet?
Can you adjust to life on Mars?
Can you advise me on what I should do?
Can you advise me?
Can you afford a car like this?
Can you afford a new car?
Can you afford it?
Can you afford that?
Can you afford the time for it?
Can you afford them?
Can you afford to do that?
Can you afford to quit?
Can you afford to take a holiday this summer?
Can you all be less noisy?
Can you all come here?
Can you all comprehend what I am saying?
Can you all tell me how to get to the airport?
Can you all understand Tom?
Can you alphabetize these quickly?
Can you also buy something to eat there?
Can you also count in French?
Can you also count in Italian?
Can you also play the saxophone?
Can you also speak French?
Can you also speak Portuguese?
Can you and I be friends again?
Can you and I talk?
Can you and Tom both do that?
Can you and Tom both speak French?
Can you and Tom come to dinner Monday night?
Can you and Tom go inside?
Can you and Tom go outside?
Can you and Tom go?
Can you and Tom help me?
Can you and Tom leave now?
Can you and Tom leave?
Can you and Tom stay here?
Can you answer it?
Can you answer me?
Can you answer that?
Can you answer the phone?
Can you answer the question, please?
Can you answer the question?
Can you answer this question?
Can you answer this riddle?
Can you answer this?
Can you answer?
Can you arrange a meeting with the vice president?
Can you arrange for a night tour bus?
Can you arrange for me to come along with you?
Can you arrange it?
Can you arrange these flowers for me?
Can you arrange travel accommodations for the conference?
Can you ask Fyodor to help you?
Can you ask Mary to ask Alice to ask Kate?
Can you ask Mary to ask Alice?
Can you ask Tom to ask Mary that?
Can you ask Tom to ask Mary to ask Alice?
Can you ask Tom to ask Mary?
Can you ask Tom to come in?
Can you ask Tom to come inside?
Can you ask Tom to come on in?
Can you ask Tom to take us to the store?
Can you ask for me?
Can you ask her to come in?
Can you ask her to come on in?
Can you ask him to come in?
Can you ask him to come on in?
Can you ask how much that nice smartphone is?
Can you ask the seller if there are still tickets left for the concert?
Can you ask them to come in?
Can you ask them to come on in?
Can you assure the safety of my children?
Can you at least be happy for me?
Can you at least give me a chance to explain?
Can you at least look at me?
Can you at least offer a possible suggestion where I might find Tom?
Can you at least pretend to enjoy yourself?
Can you at least pretend you want to be here?
Can you at least pretend you're enjoying yourself?
Can you at least see the bridge?
Can you at least start wearing a bra?
Can you at least tell me your name?
Can you at least try?
Can you at least wait until tomorrow?
Can you babysit my boys?
Can you back off just a little, please?
Can you back up your statements?
Can you bag these groceries for me?
Can you bake a cake?
Can you bake me a cake for my birthday?
Can you balance in those shoes?
Can you balance on a bike without training wheels?
Can you be a Christian and support gay marriage at the same time?
Can you be a bit more specific?
Can you be a little more specific?
Can you be a little quieter?
Can you be believed?
Can you be discreet?
Can you be faster than your shadow?
Can you be here by 2:30?
Can you be here in half an hour?
Can you be here within five minutes?
Can you be in Boston on Monday?
Can you be lenient on me this time?
Can you be more explicit?
Can you be more specific?
Can you be my partner?
Can you be quiet?
Can you be ready to leave tomorrow?
Can you be starting up the computer?
Can you be sure?
Can you be trusted?
Can you beat it?
Can you beat my score?
Can you beat that?
Can you become addicted to sex?
Can you behave yourself?
Can you believe I'm doing this?
Can you believe I'm driving a sports car?
Can you believe Lorenzo is already fourteen?
Can you believe Tom and Mary are still just thirteen?
Can you believe Tom and Mary are still only thirteen?
Can you believe Tom is still just thirteen?
Can you believe Tom is still only thirteen?
Can you believe Tom?
Can you believe her?
Can you believe him?
Can you believe how beautiful this scenery is?
Can you believe how beautiful this sunset is?
Can you believe how cold it is outside?
Can you believe how expensive these designer shoes are?
Can you believe how fast time flies?
Can you believe how lame this is?
Can you believe it's Monday already?
Can you believe it's already April?
Can you believe it's already Thursday?
Can you believe it, Tom?
Can you believe it?
Can you believe it? He's even lazier than me.
Can you believe it? She's even lazier than me.
Can you believe it? We're in China!
Can you believe it? We're in Europe!
Can you believe it? We're in France!
Can you believe it? We're in Germany!
Can you believe it? We're in Japan!
Can you believe it? We’re in Cheboksary!
Can you believe it’s already December?
Can you believe it’s already Friday?
Can you believe it’s finally done?
Can you believe it’s going to be 2024 in two months?
Can you believe me?
Can you believe she said that?
Can you believe that October is almost over?
Can you believe that Tom is still only thirteen?
Can you believe that old dog wasn't supposed to live past a year?
Can you believe that she sold her virginity on eBay?
Can you believe that summer is almost over?
Can you believe that they're giving these out for free?
Can you believe that women in Switzerland didn't receive the right to vote until the 1970's?
Can you believe that?
Can you believe them?
Can you believe there are still monarchs in the year 2022?
Can you believe they charged me a 50-dollar penalty just because I returned the car a mere fifteen minutes late?
Can you believe they still use fax machines?
Can you believe this happened?
Can you believe this is actually happening?
Can you believe this is already happening?
Can you believe this is really happening?
Can you believe this nonsense in parliament?
Can you believe this place?
Can you believe this smell?
Can you believe this stuff?
Can you believe this was never a single off this album?
Can you believe this?
Can you believe we are in Cheboksary‽
Can you believe we didn't win?
Can you believe what happened?
Can you believe what he said?
Can you believe what she did? I hope she gets fired.
Can you bend your little finger without bending your ring finger?
Can you bend your pinky without bending your ring finger?
Can you bet your butt that it's true?
Can you blame Tom?
Can you blame her?
Can you blame him?
Can you blame me for not trusting you?
Can you blame me for that?
Can you blame me if I don't trust you?
Can you blame me?
Can you blame them?
Can you book a conference room for the workshop?
Can you book a hotel for the business trip?
Can you both be there?
Can you break a 1,000 yen bill?
Can you break a 10,000 yen bill?
Can you break a 1000 yen bill?
Can you break a 10000 yen bill?
Can you break a five dollar bill?
Can you break an apple in half with your bare hands?
Can you break an egg with one hand?
Can you break away from your parents?
Can you break this down for me?
Can you break this thousand-yen bill?
Can you break this twenty?
Can you break this up?
Can you breathe?
Can you briefly describe the thief?
Can you briefly sum up what was said at the meeting?
Can you bring Tom back to life?
Can you bring Tom back?
Can you bring Tom under control?
Can you bring Tom?
Can you bring a basket for the picnic essentials?
Can you bring a glass of water? I'm very thirsty.
Can you bring down my trunk from upstairs?
Can you bring her back to life?
Can you bring her back?
Can you bring her?
Can you bring him back to life?
Can you bring him back?
Can you bring him?
Can you bring me a cup of coffee?
Can you bring me a glass of water?
Can you bring me my laptop?
Can you bring me my purse?
Can you bring me some water?
Can you bring me the Scotch Tape?
Can you bring me the bill, please?
Can you bring me the metal tray?
Can you bring me those scissors on the table beside you?
Can you bring my charger, please?
Can you bring my trunk down from upstairs?
Can you bring over some rice for dinner?
Can you bring that over here?
Can you bring the bill, please? We are in a hurry.
Can you bring the price down even more?
Can you bring them back to life?
Can you bring them back?
Can you bring them?
Can you bring this box into the living room, please?
Can you bring us some extra napkins?
Can you bring us some more bread, please?
Can you bring us some more silverware, please?
Can you bring us some more water, please?
Can you bring us the dessert menu?
Can you buckle the belt without looking?
Can you budge up a bit?
Can you budge up?
Can you build a fire with twigs?
Can you build a house in a month?
Can you build a house?
Can you burn a Ouija board?
Can you buy a case of beer on your way home?
Can you buy a house for 100,000 reals?
Can you buy a house in the city?
Can you buy a house near a good school?
Can you buy a house?
Can you buy a new house?
Can you buy a ticket for me?
Can you buy an inhaler without a prescription?
Can you buy artichokes here?
Can you buy me a hot dog?
Can you buy me a ticket?
Can you buy me a toy?
Can you buy me an ice cream?
Can you buy more of that stinky French cheese?
Can you buy one for me as well?
Can you buy shampoo?
Can you buy some more pickles?
Can you buy some soap?
Can you buy some sugar on your way home?
Can you buy something to eat inside?
Can you buy that for Tom?
Can you buy that for us?
Can you buy tickets for the concert here?
Can you buy weapons here?
Can you buy your old car back?
Can you buzz me in?
Can you calculate the distance between the Earth and the Moon?
Can you calculate the distance from the Earth to the Moon?
Can you calculate the income tax which I must pay?
Can you call Layla and tell her that I won't be home for dinner?
Can you call Mary and tell her that we are here?
Can you call Tom and tell him to come immediately?
Can you call Tom for me?
Can you call Tom?
Can you call Ziri?
Can you call a doctor please?
Can you call a doctor, please?
Can you call a taxi for me?
Can you call ahead?
Can you call and ask her mother?
Can you call and ask his mother?
Can you call back later?
Can you call for help?
Can you call her?
Can you call him?
Can you call me a cab?
Can you call me a taxi?
Can you call me back later?
Can you call me back when you have a chance?
Can you call me back?
Can you call me from there?
Can you call me later?
Can you call me tomorrow?
Can you call me? I don't know where I put the phone.
Can you call my father?
Can you call my mom, please?
Can you call my phone?
Can you call some writers?
Can you call the front desk?
Can you call the writer?
Can you call them?
Can you cancel?
Can you carry Tom?
Can you carry Yuri?
Can you carry this bag? No, you can't. It's too heavy.
Can you carry this box into the living room for me?
Can you carry this for me?
Can you carve the chicken?
Can you cash these for me?
Can you cash this check for me?
Can you catch HIV from kissing?
Can you catch a ball with one hand?
Can you catch a fish with your bare hands?
Can you catch a fish?
Can you catch fish with your bare hands?
Can you catch me?
Can you catch the chicken?
Can you catch two birds with one stone?
Can you categorize these words from alphabetical order?
Can you challenge the Quran?
Can you change a five-dollar bill?
Can you change a five-euro note for me?
Can you change a ten-peso bill for me?
Can you change a tyre?
Can you change anything?
Can you change anything? No, so don't worry.
Can you change something?
Can you change the channel?
Can you change the color of your eyes?
Can you change the filters in the apartment's air conditioning?
Can you change the kitchen light bulb before you leave?
Can you change the light bulbs in the flat?
Can you change the room for me?
Can you change these dollars?
Can you change these travelers checks?
Can you change this into American dollars?
Can you change this into small money?
Can you charge your phone now, please? I need someone to talk to.
Can you charge your phone? I want to talk with somebody.
Can you check if the keys are in the drawer?
Can you check if the keys are in your pocket?
Can you check if the phone is out of order?
Can you check if your belt is too loose?
Can you check if your belt is too tight?
Can you check it out for me?
Can you check it, please?
Can you check my gums?
Can you check that, please?
Can you check the temperature on the thermostat?
Can you check the tire pressure?
Can you check whether they can be trusted?
Can you check?
Can you chip in?
Can you cinch the belt a little tighter?
Can you cite a couple of examples?
Can you clarify that?
Can you clarify the observation?
Can you clarify this for us?
Can you clarify your point?
Can you clean the apartment before guests arrive?
Can you clean the bathroom this week?
Can you clean the faucet aerator with a brush?
Can you clean the house?
Can you clean the kitchen?
Can you clean the mess up?
Can you clean up this mess?
Can you clean your bedroom?
Can you clearly define this word?
Can you climb a palm tree?
Can you climb in those shoes?
Can you climb the mountain?
Can you climb the tree?
Can you climb up that tree?
Can you clock me out later if I hand you my badge?
Can you close the door, please?
Can you close the door?
Can you close the drapes?
Can you close the gate, please?
Can you close the window, please?
Can you close the windows, please?
Can you close your window? It's too noisy outside.
Can you coach our team?
Can you come a bit earlier tomorrow?
Can you come and get me?
Can you come and help me do this exercise? I have been pulling my hair out for two hours and I am still stuck.
Can you come and help me zip this up?
Can you come and help me zip up my dress?
Can you come and pick me up?
Can you come at 9 at night?
Can you come at 9?
Can you come at nine?
Can you come at ten on May second?
Can you come back a little later?
Can you come back in here?
Can you come back later?
Can you come back next week?
Can you come back on Monday?
Can you come back this afternoon?
Can you come back tomorrow?
Can you come closer?
Can you come closer? I can't quite hear you.
Can you come down slowly?
Can you come early today?
Can you come early?
Can you come every day?
Can you come for dinner tonight?
Can you come get me?
Can you come here a minute, please?
Can you come here a second?
Can you come here at four o'clock?
Can you come here for a minute?
Can you come here for a second?
Can you come here tomorrow?
Can you come here?
Can you come home early today?
Can you come home now?
Can you come into my office, please?
Can you come on Sunday evening?
Can you come on time at least once?
Can you come over and talk?
Can you come over here and help me?
Can you come over here for a minute?
Can you come over here?
Can you come over now?
Can you come over this afternoon?
Can you come over to my house tonight?
Can you come over tonight?
Can you come over?
Can you come pick me up at the grocery store on Park Street?
Can you come pick me up?
Can you come right now?
Can you come straight to the point?
Can you come this afternoon or tomorrow afternoon?
Can you come this way, please?
Can you come to Australia next month?
Can you come to Boston next week?
Can you come to Boston next weekend?
Can you come to Boston this year?
Can you come to Boston tomorrow?
Can you come to Boston?
Can you come to Laos this year?
Can you come to like one of my suggestions?
Can you come to my country?
Can you come to my house on Monday?
Can you come to my house tonight?
Can you come to my house?
Can you come to my office for a minute?
Can you come to my office immediately?
Can you come to the meeting tomorrow afternoon?
Can you come to the meeting tomorrow?
Can you come to the meeting tonight?
Can you come to the office by train?
Can you come to the party?
Can you come to tonight's meeting?
Can you come tomorrow morning?
Can you come tomorrow?
Can you come up here for a minute?
Can you come up to my room and help me?
Can you come up with a strategy?
Can you come up with something by Monday?
Can you come up with that kind of money?
Can you come upstairs and help me?
Can you come with me now?
Can you come with me to the mosque?
Can you come with me?
Can you come with us now?
Can you come with us, please?
Can you come with us?
Can you come work for me?
Can you come work for us?
Can you come, too?
Can you come?
Can you communicate in English what you want to say?
Can you communicate with giraffes?
Can you complete the job in two days?
Can you complete the work in three days?
Can you comprehend what I am saying?
Can you compute the distance of the moon from the earth?
Can you confirm that he was hired?
Can you confirm that it is a correctable error?
Can you confirm that statement?
Can you confirm that?
Can you confirm this is your bag?
Can you confirm those statements?
Can you confirm what you told me?
Can you conjugate this verb?
Can you contact Tom?
Can you contact her?
Can you contact him?
Can you contact me?
Can you contact them?
Can you continue to hold it?
Can you continue?
Can you control your voice?
Can you cook Lao food like your mother?
Can you cook a meal?
Can you cook an omelet?
Can you cook an omelette?
Can you cook it in a can?
Can you cook rice well?
Can you cook this meat a little more?
Can you cook this?
Can you cook well?
Can you cook?
Can you copy it down for me?
Can you copy this for me?
Can you correct my English sentences?
Can you correct the problem?
Can you correct this report before 5:00 p.m.?
Can you correct this report before you go home today?
Can you count from one to one hundred in Lao?
Can you count in Berber?
Can you count in French?
Can you count in Italian?
Can you count the stars?
Can you count to one hundred in French?
Can you count to one hundred?
Can you count to ten in Berber?
Can you count to ten in Chinese?
Can you count to ten in French?
Can you count to ten?
Can you cover for me until I'm back?
Can you cover for me?
Can you cover my shift?
Can you crack your window?
Can you crank up the heat?
Can you create a chart?
Can you create a smooth finish on the cake with fondant?
Can you create sentences using this word?
Can you crochet?
Can you cross that river?
Can you cross the river?
Can you crumble cheese on the casserole?
Can you crumble cheese on the salad?
Can you crumble cheese on the tacos?
Can you customise it?
Can you customize the settings on your computer?
Can you cut it down a bit?
Can you cut me a deal?
Can you cut my hair?
Can you cut my sandwich in half?
Can you dance ballet in those shoes?
Can you dance in those shoes?
Can you dance the tango?
Can you dance the two-step?
Can you dance to this song?
Can you dance well?
Can you dance?
Can you deal me in?
Can you deal with it?
Can you deal with that for me?
Can you deal with this?
Can you decide by tomorrow?
Can you decipher the message?
Can you decode it?
Can you decode the message?
Can you decode this message?
Can you decorate the cake with icing?
Can you decrypt this?
Can you define that for me?
Can you define that word without ambiguities?
Can you define this word in Berber?
Can you defuse the bomb?
Can you delete my account?
Can you delete the picture I sent you?
Can you delete this app?
Can you delete this photo?
Can you deliver it to my home?
Can you deliver it to my house?
Can you deliver it?
Can you deliver that?
Can you deliver this letter to Tom?
Can you deliver this to Tom?
Can you deliver this?
Can you demolish a condemned house?
Can you demolish an old house?
Can you demonstrate it?
Can you demonstrate one more time?
Can you demonstrate that again?
Can you demonstrate that once more?
Can you demonstrate that one more time?
Can you deny that Jessica is a real princess?
Can you deny that something is real just like you can affirm something is real?
Can you describe Tom briefly?
Can you describe Tom to me?
Can you describe Tom?
Can you describe any benefits or challenges of being a multilingual job seeker?
Can you describe any cultural benefits you've experienced as a polyglot?
Can you describe any cultural misconceptions you've encountered while learning languages?
Can you describe any cultural misunderstandings you've encountered due to language?
Can you describe any cultural nuances you've encountered while using different languages?
Can you describe any cultural sensitivity you've developed through language learning?
Can you describe exactly what happened?
Can you describe her appearance?
Can you describe him?
Can you describe his appearance?
Can you describe his face?
Can you describe how Tom died?
Can you describe it to me?
Can you describe it?
Can you describe it? What color is it?
Can you describe that strange guy?
Can you describe the back of your hand to me?
Can you describe the ideal supervisor-subordinate relationship?
Can you describe the man who took your wallet?
Can you describe the object?
Can you describe the pain?
Can you describe the situation you were in?
Can you describe them to me?
Can you describe them?
Can you describe these Germans?
Can you describe this German?
Can you describe to me the difference between black tea and green tea?
Can you describe to me the difference between smelliness and fugginess?
Can you describe what happened?
Can you describe what she looks like?
Can you describe what that experience was like for you?
Can you describe your classmate in Berber?
Can you describe your dream girl?
Can you describe your dream job?
Can you describe your language learning process?
Can you describe your office in Berber?
Can you describe your relationship with her?
Can you describe your stomach pain?
Can you determine what happened?
Can you determine where you are right now?
Can you develop a customized software?
Can you die for love?
Can you die from fear?
Can you die of sinusitis?
Can you dim the lights?
Can you direct me to NHK?
Can you direct me to the nearest subway station?
Can you direct me to the post office?
Can you direct me to the train station?
Can you discount this?
Can you dismiss Tom?
Can you distinguish barley from wheat?
Can you distinguish between Americans and Canadians?
Can you distinguish between tawny owls and other owls?
Can you distinguish her from her sister?
Can you distinguish silver from tin?
Can you do a PowerPoint and finish this report, also?
Can you do a bit of shopping on your way home from work?
Can you do a cartwheel?
Can you do a handstand?
Can you do a headstand?
Can you do a horizontal bar back-hip circle?
Can you do a horizontal bar forward upward circle?
Can you do a one-arm push-up?
Can you do a price check on this item?
Can you do an Egyptian accent?
Can you do any better?
Can you do anything about it?
Can you do anything for me?
Can you do anything to fix it?
Can you do anything to help Tom?
Can you do anything to help me?
Can you do anything to help them?
Can you do anything to help us?
Can you do anything?
Can you do as much?
Can you do bookkeeping?
Can you do handstands?
Can you do it all on your own?
Can you do it alone?
Can you do it by yourself?
Can you do it faster?
Can you do it for me?
Can you do it in one day?
Can you do it in reverse?
Can you do it in thirty minutes?
Can you do it or can't you?
Can you do it or not?
Can you do it tomorrow?
Can you do it with me?
Can you do it without Tom?
Can you do it yourself?
Can you do it yourself? If you want, I can help you.
Can you do it, Tom?
Can you do it, please?
Can you do it?
Can you do magic tricks?
Can you do magical tricks?
Can you do me a big favor?
Can you do me a favor and go to the supermarket and buy me some eggs?
Can you do me a favor and mail this letter?
Can you do me a favor and take Layla and me to school?
Can you do me a favor and take Tom to school?
Can you do me a favor?
Can you do me a favour?
Can you do me a solid?
Can you do me a tiny favor?
Can you do me one last favor?
Can you do my hair for me?
Can you do some more?
Can you do some shopping for me?
Can you do something about it?
Can you do something about that?
Can you do something about this?
Can you do something?
Can you do that accent?
Can you do that again, please?
Can you do that again?
Can you do that alone?
Can you do that as well as Tom can?
Can you do that as well as Tom?
Can you do that before you go home?
Can you do that by yourself?
Can you do that dance again?
Can you do that faster?
Can you do that for Tom?
Can you do that for all of us?
Can you do that for me real quick?
Can you do that for me?
Can you do that for us?
Can you do that here?
Can you do that in a day?
Can you do that in one day?
Can you do that in thirty minutes?
Can you do that in three hours?
Can you do that more quickly?
Can you do that on your own?
Can you do that or can't you?
Can you do that or not?
Can you do that right now?
Can you do that somewhere else?
Can you do that today?
Can you do that tomorrow?
Can you do that whenever you want to?
Can you do that with a knife?
Can you do that with a real gun?
Can you do that without any help?
Can you do that without my help?
Can you do that, please?
Can you do that, too?
Can you do that?
Can you do that? I think so.
Can you do the Kabyle accent?
Can you do the Scottish accent?
Can you do the crawl?
Can you do the dishes?
Can you do the job or not?
Can you do the last little bit?
Can you do the right thing for once in your life?
Can you do the shopping for me?
Can you do the splits?
Can you do this any faster?
Can you do this later?
Can you do this problem?
Can you do this somewhere else?
Can you do this without any help?
Can you do this yourself?
Can you do this yourselves?
Can you do this?
Can you do tricks on your bike?
Can you do with a light meal for lunch?
Can you do without an English dictionary?
Can you do without smoking for a week?
Can you do without the car tomorrow? I need it.
Can you do your dishes, please?
Can you download this video?
Can you draw a picture of it?
Can you draw a trapezoid for me?
Can you draw me a map of your street?
Can you draw pictures well?
Can you draw the chemical structure of phenol?
Can you draw two concentric circles using just your hands?
Can you dress this wound?
Can you drink distilled water?
Can you drink the tap water here?
Can you drink too much tea at all?
Can you drive Tom here?
Can you drive a car with manual transmission?
Can you drive a car?
Can you drive a five speed?
Can you drive a little faster? We are in a hurry.
Can you drive a manual transmission?
Can you drive a manual?
Can you drive a stick shift?
Can you drive a truck?
Can you drive manual?
Can you drive me home?
Can you drive me to school?
Can you drive me to the airport tomorrow morning?
Can you drive me to the airport?
Can you drive me to the station?
Can you drive stick?
Can you drive the jeep?
Can you drive them here?
Can you drive until there?
Can you drive yet?
Can you drive?
Can you drop me off at my house?
Can you drop me off at my place?
Can you drop me off at the library?
Can you drop me off at the station on your way home?
Can you drop me off at the station?
Can you drop me off first?
Can you drop me off here?
Can you drop me off in front of my place?
Can you drop this act, please?
Can you dunk?
Can you e-mail it?
Can you eat a June bug grub?
Can you eat chicken-fried steak, or is that too lowbrow for your refined palate?
Can you eat durian?
Can you eat honey as a vegan?
Can you eat insects?
Can you eat it raw?
Can you eat natto?
Can you eat potatoes raw?
Can you eat raw oysters?
Can you eat something there?
Can you eat the cheese rind as well?
Can you eat the cheese?
Can you eat the skin of a kiwi?
Can you eat the skin of a kiwifruit?
Can you eat these?
Can you eat this raw?
Can you eat this?
Can you elaborate a bit?
Can you elaborate on that a bit?
Can you elaborate on that?
Can you elaborate on this a little more?
Can you elaborate?
Can you email it to me?
Can you email it?
Can you email me some emergency contact numbers and names for you?
Can you email me the file?
Can you email me the location?
Can you email the file to me?
Can you empty Mary's pockets?
Can you empty the dishwasher?
Can you enable the autopilot?
Can you ensure your server log files are tamper-proof?
Can you enumerate St. Petersburg's advantages over Moscow?
Can you envisage Tom working in a garage?
Can you envisage Tom’s working in a garage?
Can you envision a future where you no longer feel the need to persist in this behavior?
Can you escape?
Can you establish his innocence?
Can you estimate how late the train will be?
Can you estimate its value?
Can you even speak French?
Can you even understand it?
Can you ever forgive me?
Can you ever forgive us?
Can you ever see yourself doing that?
Can you exchange a 10000 yen note into 50 pence coins?
Can you exchange any cryptocurrencies for a fixed amount of gold or silver?
Can you exchange it for another one?
Can you exchange this watch for a ring?
Can you excuse me a moment?
Can you excuse me a second?
Can you excuse me for a minute?
Can you excuse me, please?
Can you excuse me?
Can you excuse us a minute?
Can you excuse us a second?
Can you expand on that?
Can you expand on what you were talking about earlier?
Can you explain Islam to me?
Can you explain colors to a blind person?
Can you explain everything to me?
Can you explain how Tom died?
Can you explain how this happened?
Can you explain how this machine works?
Can you explain how to find the area of a rectangle?
Can you explain how you did that?
Can you explain it better?
Can you explain it briefly?
Can you explain it more clearly?
Can you explain it to him?
Can you explain it to me a bit?
Can you explain it to me step by step?
Can you explain it to me, please?
Can you explain it to me?
Can you explain it, Tom?
Can you explain it?
Can you explain something to me?
Can you explain that again?
Can you explain that again? I didn't understand.
Can you explain that statement?
Can you explain that to me again?
Can you explain that to me?
Can you explain that?
Can you explain the exact meaning of this word?
Can you explain the meaning of this sentence to me?
Can you explain the problem to me?
Can you explain the rules to me, please?
Can you explain the steps in more detail?
Can you explain the way to me?
Can you explain this concept to me in simpler terms?
Can you explain this sentence to me?
Can you explain this test question?
Can you explain this to me?
Can you explain this to us?
Can you explain this?
Can you explain to me exactly how that happened?
Can you explain to me how I can get to the airport?
Can you explain to me how the world works?
Can you explain to me what happened?
Can you explain to me what just happened?
Can you explain to me what this is?
Can you explain to me what this means?
Can you explain to me who this child is?
Can you explain to me why there are two churches in almost every village?
Can you explain to me why you did it?
Can you explain to me why you did that?
Can you explain to me why you don't like him?
Can you explain to me why you don't love her?
Can you explain to me why you don't love them?
Can you explain to me why you refused his offer?
Can you explain to me why you refused their offer?
Can you explain to me why you've done that?
Can you explain to us how you're doing that?
Can you explain to us the Algerian crisis?
Can you explain what PKO stands for?
Can you explain what colors are like to a blind person?
Can you explain what happened?
Can you explain what that means to me?
Can you explain what this means?
Can you explain what you actually want?
Can you explain what you're talking about?
Can you explain why Tom and Mary aren't here?
Can you explain why Tom and Mary weren't at the meeting?
Can you explain why Tom isn't here?
Can you explain why Tom wasn't at the meeting?
Can you explain why our team lost?
Can you explain why that is?
Can you explain why that's a problem?
Can you explain why you didn't like her?
Can you explain why you dislike him?
Can you explain why you don't like Tom?
Can you explain why you don't like her?
Can you explain why you don't like him?
Can you explain why you turned down their proposal?
Can you explain why you were late?
Can you explain why you're dissatisfied?
Can you explain why you’ve had so many jobs?
Can you explain why?
Can you explain your answer?
Can you explain your dissatisfaction?
Can you explain your problem to us?
Can you express yourself in English?
Can you express yourself in French?
Can you extend my stay until three o'clock?
Can you extend my stay until three o’clock?
Can you extend your holiday by a few days?
Can you fall asleep while typing?
Can you fall in love the moment you see someone?
Can you fall in love with someone you have never met?
Can you fart like Ziri?
Can you fasten the belt with one hand?
Can you fasten your belt before takeoff?
Can you feed my cats while I'm away?
Can you feed the cats and clean the litter boxes while we're away?
Can you feed the cats while we're away?
Can you feed the horse?
Can you feel it?
Can you feel the air? It's invigorating!
Can you feel the belt digging into your waist?
Can you feel the calm in the air?
Can you feel the calm in the breeze?
Can you feel the cool breeze in the forest?
Can you feel the difference?
Can you feel the earth beneath your feet?
Can you feel the love tonight?
Can you feel the peace in the night?
Can you feel the tension?
Can you feel this?
Can you fetch help?
Can you fetch me two bags of sugar from the cupboard?
Can you fetch the children from school?
Can you fetch the keys from the other room?
Can you fetch this dictionary for me?
Can you figure out how I did that magic trick?
Can you figure out the answer?
Can you figure out this problem?
Can you figure out what Tom's doing?
Can you figure out what this means?
Can you figure out why he won't go with us?
Can you figure out why he won’t go with us?
Can you figure out why the boss is so unfriendly this week?
Can you fill in for me at the meeting?
Can you fill in the missing words in this sentence?
Can you fill in this application form?
Can you fill in this form?
Can you fill in this registration form?
Can you fill out this form?
Can you fill this bag?
Can you fill this form out for us?
Can you fill this form?
Can you fill up this bag?
Can you find Afghanistan on a map?
Can you find Boston on a map?
Can you find Boston on the map?
Can you find Doha on the map?
Can you find Eritrea on a map?
Can you find Iraq on a map?
Can you find Kyrgyzstan on a map?
Can you find Tom for me?
Can you find Tom's address for me?
Can you find Tom?
Can you find a apartment to buy?
Can you find a compatible cartridge for the faucet model?
Can you find a house for rent?
Can you find a house in the suburbs?
Can you find a house with a swimming pool?
Can you find a parking spot near the apartment?
Can you find a reliable plumber for the apartment?
Can you find a replacement handle for the faucet?
Can you find a solution?
Can you find a table near the window?
Can you find all of Niki’s books?
Can you find any?
Can you find her for me?
Can you find her?
Can you find him for me?
Can you find him?
Can you find it for me?
Can you find it in your heart to forgive me?
Can you find it on a map?
Can you find it?
Can you find me Tom's address?
Can you find me a babysitter for tonight?
Can you find me a job?
Can you find me who stole something?
Can you find out if Tom and Mary speak French?
Can you find out if Tom speaks French?
Can you find out where Tom and Mary are?
Can you find out where Tom is?
Can you find out where we go from here?
Can you find out why Tom did that?
Can you find out why Tom didn't do that?
Can you find out?
Can you find parking downtown?
Can you find some more proof?
Can you find someone to help?
Can you find suitable time for our meeting?
Can you find the United States on a map?
Can you find the apartment keys?
Can you find the area of this square?
Can you find the keys that fell behind the couch?
Can you find the keys that fell under the sofa?
Can you find the keys to the car?
Can you find the keys to the flat?
Can you find the manufacturer of the faucet for warranty?
Can you find the mistake?
Can you find the replacement parts for the faucet?
Can you find the right-sized washer for the faucet?
Can you find the signs for the mosque, the church and the synagogue?
Can you find the time to play with our daughter?
Can you find them for me?
Can you find who asked?
Can you find your way all right?
Can you find your way home?
Can you finish by then?
Can you finish it by noon?
Can you finish reading that novel in one day?
Can you finish this in three days?
Can you fire a nation?
Can you fix a flat tire on a bike? That kind of thing's a piece of cake.
Can you fix a flat tire on a bike? That kind of thing’s a piece of cake.
Can you fix a toilet?
Can you fix him up for the night?
Can you fix it temporarily?
Can you fix it?
Can you fix me a reservation?
Can you fix me it?
Can you fix my TV?
Can you fix my banjo?
Can you fix my bike?
Can you fix my broken tire now?
Can you fix my car?
Can you fix my computer?
Can you fix my faucet?
Can you fix my keyboard?
Can you fix my lamp?
Can you fix my laptop?
Can you fix my motorcycle?
Can you fix my phone?
Can you fix my sink?
Can you fix my toilet?
Can you fix my truck?
Can you fix my windshield?
Can you fix our dishwasher?
Can you fix our drain?
Can you fix our sink?
Can you fix that for me?
Can you fix the air conditioner?
Can you fix the broken kitchen faucet in the apartment?
Can you fix the broken radio?
Can you fix the clogged drain in the apartment?
Can you fix the cracks in the windshield?
Can you fix the door?
Can you fix the flat tire now?
Can you fix the latch on my front door?
Can you fix the leak in the apartment?
Can you fix the loose faucet handle?
Can you fix these shoes?
Can you fix this broken radio?
Can you fix this door? It's creaking.
Can you fix this door? It’s creaking.
Can you fix this for me?
Can you fix this or not?
Can you fix this or should I call a plumber?
Can you fix this?
Can you fix windshield wiper scratches?
Can you flip over the record?
Can you flip the switch?
Can you float on your back?
Can you fly an airplane?
Can you fly into LA?
Can you fly to Boston on Monday?
Can you fly?
Can you fold the washing?
Can you follow me?
Can you force them to do that?
Can you forget about the past and love me again, Melek?
Can you forget your native language?
Can you forgive Tom?
Can you forgive a breach of trust?
Can you forgive him?
Can you forgive me, Tom?
Can you forgive me?
Can you forgive them?
Can you forgive us?
Can you frame this picture for me?
Can you frame this picture?
Can you freeze it?
Can you frost the cake with buttercream icing?
Can you gather all of the papers together?
Can you get COVID twice?
Can you get COVID-19 from a kiss?
Can you get Monday afternoon off?
Can you get Tom out of prison?
Can you get Tom to a safe place?
Can you get Tom to agree to do that?
Can you get Tom to come to my party?
Can you get Tom to do that?
Can you get Tom to help?
Can you get Tom?
Can you get Ziri to leave?
Can you get a day off?
Can you get a job in this company, even if you don't speak any French?
Can you get a message to Tom?
Can you get a message to her?
Can you get a message to him?
Can you get a message to them?
Can you get a ticket for Sami, too?
Can you get a ticket for Tom, too?
Can you get a ticket for me, too?
Can you get a ticket for me?
Can you get an interpreter?
Can you get any closer?
Can you get around that regulation?
Can you get at the meaning of this passage?
Can you get away from your parents?
Can you get by on what you make?
Can you get by on your wages?
Can you get down here?
Can you get down there?
Can you get down?
Can you get help for Tom?
Can you get help for her?
Can you get help for him?
Can you get help for them?
Can you get help?
Can you get her?
Can you get here before 2:30?
Can you get here by 2:30?
Can you get him to come to the theater?
Can you get him?
Can you get in touch with Tom?
Can you get in?
Can you get insurance on it?
Can you get it done before the end of the week?
Can you get it repaired?
Can you get it to me by the end of the day?
Can you get it to work?
Can you get it?
Can you get koshary around here?
Can you get me a beer, please?
Can you get me a box for this?
Can you get me a drink?
Can you get me a glass of water?
Can you get me a job at Nani Enterprises?
Can you get me a printout of this sales report?
Can you get me across the border?
Can you get me another pencil?
Can you get me another ticket?
Can you get me down?
Can you get me in there?
Can you get me my eyeglasses?
Can you get me out of here?
Can you get me some milk?
Can you get me some water?
Can you get me to the bridge?
Can you get me two packets of sugar from the cupboard?
Can you get mono from a kiss?
Can you get more figs?
Can you get my bill ready?
Can you get my wallet?
Can you get off my back?
Can you get off work tomorrow?
Can you get our bags?
Can you get out of this?
Can you get out?
Can you get permission?
Can you get rid of it for me?
Can you get rid of that?
Can you get somebody to help you?
Can you get something to eat in there?
Can you get straight to the point?
Can you get that for me?
Can you get that medicine over the counter or do you need a prescription?
Can you get that to me by the end of the day?
Can you get that?
Can you get the boys some more juice?
Can you get the door for me?
Can you get the door to shut?
Can you get the information that we need?
Can you get the information we need?
Can you get the job done in a day?
Can you get the job done today?
Can you get the job done?
Can you get the work finished in time?
Can you get them?
Can you get there by bike?
Can you get there by car?
Can you get there fast?
Can you get there in time?
Can you get these spots out of my pants?
Can you get this arrow out of my leg?
Can you get this junk out of here?
Can you get this out of here?
Can you get this prescription filled?
Can you get this stain out of my shirt?
Can you get this stuff out of here?
Can you get this translated?
Can you get this trash out of here?
Can you get this, man?
Can you get tickets for us?
Can you get to the castle this way?
Can you get together with me later?
Can you get two bags of sugar from the cupboard for me?
Can you get up to the roof?
Can you get up?
Can you get us out of this?
Can you get us some more ice?
Can you get what you need from the shop?
Can you get your head off my lap? I need to fart.
Can you gift wrap that?
Can you gift-wrap that for me?
Can you gift-wrap this, please?
Can you give Tom a ride back into the city?
Can you give Tom a ride home?
Can you give Tom another chance?
Can you give Tom something for the pain?
Can you give Tom this letter for me?
Can you give Tom this?
Can you give a couple of examples?
Can you give an exact report of what happened?
Can you give an example to explain what you mean?
Can you give an example?
Can you give back?
Can you give her a ride home?
Can you give him a ride home?
Can you give him first aid?
Can you give me Tom's address?
Can you give me a better deal?
Can you give me a better explanation?
Can you give me a better price?
Can you give me a bit more coffee?
Can you give me a blanket?
Can you give me a boat?
Can you give me a break?
Can you give me a brief description of the thief?
Can you give me a brief overview?
Can you give me a brief summary?
Can you give me a bunk up?
Can you give me a call later?
Can you give me a crash course on etiquette before the party?
Can you give me a cup of tea?
Can you give me a discount?
Can you give me a dollar to help me out?
Can you give me a euro?
Can you give me a few minutes? I want to call someone.
Can you give me a geological explanation of lava?
Can you give me a good reason why I should hire you?
Can you give me a haircut?
Can you give me a half bottle of milk?
Can you give me a hand here?
Can you give me a hand in the kitchen?
Can you give me a hand to put the washing out?
Can you give me a hand with that?
Can you give me a hand with this box?
Can you give me a hand with this heavy bag?
Can you give me a hand with this heavy box?
Can you give me a hand with this table?
Can you give me a hand with this?
Can you give me a hand?
Can you give me a hand? Wait, why are you grabbing a chainsaw?
Can you give me a house?
Can you give me a kilo of plums?
Can you give me a kilo of steak?
Can you give me a kiss?
Can you give me a lift to the station?
Can you give me a lift to the train station?
Can you give me a lift?
Can you give me a light?
Can you give me a little bit longer?
Can you give me a little bit more time?
Can you give me a little bit more?
Can you give me a little discount?
Can you give me a magazine?
Can you give me a map of the street?
Can you give me a minute of your time?
Can you give me a minute with Tom?
Can you give me a minute?
Can you give me a more complete definition?
Can you give me a permission to enter here?
Can you give me a price estimate for the work?
Can you give me a quick ride to the airport?
Can you give me a ride home?
Can you give me a ride to the airport tomorrow morning?
Can you give me a ride to the airport?
Can you give me a ride to the office on Wednesday?
Can you give me a ride to the station?
Can you give me a ride tonight?
Can you give me a ride?
Can you give me a sandwich?
Can you give me a sheet?
Can you give me a sign?
Can you give me a slice of bread?
Can you give me a street map?
Can you give me a subway map, please?
Can you give me a tissue?
Can you give me an answer?
Can you give me an example of a double standard?
Can you give me an example?
Can you give me an explanation?
Can you give me an update?
Can you give me another alternative?
Can you give me another example?
Can you give me another glass of water?
Can you give me another one?
Can you give me another pillow?
Can you give me another sentence to translate?
Can you give me any advice?
Can you give me any details?
Can you give me any more examples?
Can you give me directions to the post office?
Can you give me directions to the station?
Can you give me directions to the subway station?
Can you give me directions?
Can you give me more food?
Can you give me one of these?
Can you give me one of those?
Can you give me some advice on how to be more creative?
Can you give me some advice on how to be more productive?
Can you give me some advice on how to improve my writing?
Can you give me some advice on this situation?
Can you give me some advice?
Can you give me some background on Tom?
Can you give me some idea what time you'll get here?
Can you give me some information?
Can you give me some money?
Can you give me some of that?
Can you give me some room, please?
Can you give me some space?
Can you give me some specifications?
Can you give me some specifics?
Can you give me some test tips?
Can you give me some time?
Can you give me some tips on how to improve my public speaking skills?
Can you give me some tips on how to stay organized?
Can you give me some?
Can you give me something for the pain?
Can you give me something to kill the pain?
Can you give me that in writing?
Can you give me that?
Can you give me the definition of a cone?
Can you give me the exact time?
Can you give me the keys for the office?
Can you give me the keys?
Can you give me the name of a centrally located hotel?
Can you give me the recipe?
Can you give me the salt and pepper please?
Can you give me their address?
Can you give me this one, please?
Can you give me those books?
Can you give me your address please?
Can you give me your cell number?
Can you give me your current address?
Can you give me your email address?
Can you give me your full name, please?
Can you give me your last name and phone number?
Can you give me your mobile number?
Can you give me your number?
Can you give me your opinion on this matter?
Can you give me your phone number?
Can you give me your pocket knife?
Can you give me your telephone number, please?
Can you give motivation to people using the carrot and the stick?
Can you give my brother a job?
Can you give some examples?
Can you give that chair to her?
Can you give that to Tom?
Can you give that to her?
Can you give that to him?
Can you give that to me?
Can you give that to them?
Can you give that to us?
Can you give the children some snacks?
Can you give them a ride home?
Can you give this to Tom?
Can you give this to her?
Can you give this to him?
Can you give this to me?
Can you give this to them?
Can you give this to us?
Can you give those books to me?
Can you give up smoking?
Can you give up your seat to old people even when you are tired?
Can you give us a description of the car that hit Tom?
Can you give us a hand over here?
Can you give us a hand?
Can you give us a lift to the station?
Can you give us a lift?
Can you give us a minute?
Can you give us a preview?
Can you give us a ride home?
Can you give us a signal?
Can you give us a sneak peek?
Can you give us an example?
Can you give us an update on Tom?
Can you give us any advice?
Can you give us any more?
Can you give us his name?
Can you give us some tips on buying a car?
Can you give us until the end of the week?
Can you give us your point of view?
Can you give us your thoughts on that?
Can you give your thoughts on that?
Can you go a little faster, please?
Can you go a little slower, please?
Can you go alone?
Can you go and buy me some duct tape?
Can you go and get help?
Can you go around the world in a day?
Can you go back?
Can you go buy the baker's gray bread right quick? And make her cut it!
Can you go check who's at the door? I'm busy.
Can you go faster?
Can you go feed the stray cats?
Can you go get it?
Can you go into town and pick up some groceries for me?
Can you go look for help?
Can you go more a bit more in-depth on that subject?
Can you go see what Cookie is whimpering about?
Can you go see what Cookie's barking about?
Can you go to the beach tomorrow?
Can you go to the market and buy ten tomatoes before dinner?
Can you go to the movie now?
Can you go to the office by train?
Can you go to the seaside tomorrow?
Can you go to the supermarket and buy some butter?
Can you go with us?
Can you go, too?
Can you grab me a pen?
Can you grab me a towel from the closet?
Can you grab me some toilet paper?
Can you grab my bag, please?
Can you grab my coat, please?
Can you grab my jacket, please?
Can you grab my keys for me? I need to leave quick.
Can you grab my keys, please?
Can you grab that for me?
Can you grab the belt from the closet?
Can you grab the broom from the closet?
Can you grate bread?
Can you grate cheese over the tacos?
Can you grill the meat?
Can you grow heather from cuttings?
Can you grow medlar trees from seeds?
Can you guarantee me that this flight arrives in time for the connecting flight to Lisbon?
Can you guarantee our safety?
Can you guarantee that?
Can you guess her age?
Can you guess his age?
Can you guess how far it is?
Can you guess how happy I am?
Can you guess how much this diamond is worth?
Can you guess how old I am?
Can you guess my age?
Can you guess the price?
Can you guess the worth of the diamond?
Can you guess this riddle?
Can you guess what I have here?
Can you guess what I have in my hand?
Can you guess what I have?
Can you guess what I want to talk to you about?
Can you guess what I'm thinking?
Can you guess what Tom told us to do?
Can you guess what Tom told us?
Can you guess what Tom will do?
Can you guess what happened next?
Can you guess what happens next?
Can you guess what it is?
Can you guess what it was all about?
Can you guess what that was all about?
Can you guess what the most popular sport in the world is?
Can you guess what this is?
Can you guess what type of restaurant it was?
Can you guess what's in this bag?
Can you guess what's in this box?
Can you guess what's inside?
Can you guess where I am right now?
Can you guess where I am?
Can you guess which cooler is the most efficient?
Can you guess who I'm talking about?
Can you guess whose hat this is?
Can you guide me in exploring my own identity?
Can you guys all understand Tom?
Can you guys come here?
Can you guys come?
Can you guys keep a secret?
Can you guys keep it down, please?
Can you guys meet me in the lobby?
Can you guys play billiards?
Can you guys solve the puzzle?
Can you guys tell us where we are?
Can you guys understand Tom?
Can you hack into his email account?
Can you hand me a tissue?
Can you hand me a towel?
Can you hand me that box of tissues?
Can you hand me that?
Can you hand me the salt?
Can you hand me this dictionary?
Can you hand the keys to the new tenant?
Can you hand the keys to the security guard?
Can you handle a firearm?
Can you handle all this?
Can you handle it, Tom?
Can you handle it?
Can you handle that?
Can you handle the pressure?
Can you handle the truth?
Can you handle this alone?
Can you handle this crisis?
Can you handle this for a while?
Can you handle this?
Can you hang around for a minute?
Can you hang curtains in the apartment?
Can you hang my coat on the coat rack please?
Can you hang on a second?
Can you hang out for a few minutes?
Can you hang the picture on the wall, please?
Can you have a girlfriend in Islam?
Can you have a look at my gums?
Can you have a look in your bag? I put my mobile in there.
Can you have dinner with us?
Can you have it both ways?
Can you have this translated?
Can you heal a dental cavity naturally?
Can you hear I'm calling?
Can you hear I’m calling?
Can you hear Tom?
Can you hear anything?
Can you hear frogs croaking?
Can you hear her singing?
Can you hear him?
Can you hear his singing?
Can you hear in the back row?
Can you hear it rustling?
Can you hear it?
Can you hear it? That's my heart pounding.
Can you hear me OK?
Can you hear me all right?
Can you hear me clearly?
Can you hear me now?
Can you hear me on the phone?
Can you hear me or do I need to speak louder?
Can you hear me well enough?
Can you hear me, Tom?
Can you hear me?
Can you hear my heartbeat?
Can you hear my stomach rumbling?
Can you hear my voice if I cry?
Can you hear someone calling you?
Can you hear that rustling?
Can you hear that strange noise as well?
Can you hear that voice?
Can you hear that, too?
Can you hear that?
Can you hear that? Someone's playing the violin!
Can you hear the birds in the forest?
Can you hear the cat? She's wanting in.
Can you hear the earth’s quiet hum?
Can you hear the frogs croaking?
Can you hear the nightingale?
Can you hear the noise now?
Can you hear the noise of the waves on the beach?
Can you hear the sea calling?
Can you hear the silence between the winds?
Can you hear the silence?
Can you hear the song?
Can you hear the sound of the waves?
Can you hear the whispers of the night?
Can you hear them?
Can you hear this at the back?
Can you hear this in the back row?
Can you hear those footsteps?
Can you hear us OK?
Can you hear us?
Can you hear what Tom and Mary are saying?
Can you hear what Tom is saying?
Can you hear yourself when you eat? It's disgusting!
Can you hear?
Can you help Layla?
Can you help Tom and me?
Can you help Tom look after the place?
Can you help Tom?
Can you help Yanni?
Can you help get me out my wheelchair?
Can you help her do her homework, please?
Can you help her out before they catch her?
Can you help her out before they get her?
Can you help her with her homework, please?
Can you help her?
Can you help him?
Can you help look after the kids?
Can you help me Monday afternoon?
Can you help me a little?
Can you help me across the street?
Can you help me after school?
Can you help me call for a taxi?
Can you help me carry the picnic basket?
Can you help me carry the table to the other room?
Can you help me carry these bags to the car?
Can you help me carry these boxes?
Can you help me carry these suitcases to the car?
Can you help me carry this super-heavy luggage?
Can you help me carry this?
Can you help me change out the litter?
Can you help me change the bed sheets?
Can you help me change the lightbulb?
Can you help me check this document before I sign it?
Can you help me choose a belt?
Can you help me choose a gift for my friend's birthday?
Can you help me choose a new outfit?
Can you help me clean the house?
Can you help me clean the kitchen?
Can you help me clean these tables?
Can you help me clean this up?
Can you help me clean up before you leave?
Can you help me clear the table?
Can you help me climb the stairs?
Can you help me decide what to do?
Can you help me dial? The telephone is put too high.
Can you help me discover more about my personality?
Can you help me do that?
Can you help me do this?
Can you help me down the stairs?
Can you help me down?
Can you help me escape from this prison?
Can you help me figure it out?
Can you help me figure out what to do?
Can you help me fill out this form?
Can you help me find Tom?
Can you help me find a good hiding place?
Can you help me find a good job?
Can you help me find a job?
Can you help me find a reliable online resource?
Can you help me find it?
Can you help me find my classroom?
Can you help me find my daughter?
Can you help me find my departure gate?
Can you help me find my glasses?
Can you help me find my keys?
Can you help me find my lost keys?
Can you help me find my mom and dad, please?
Can you help me find my parents, please?
Can you help me find my shoes?
Can you help me find my way?
Can you help me find out?
Can you help me find the checkout counter?
Can you help me find the music room?
Can you help me find the nearest bus stop?
Can you help me find the physics lab?
Can you help me find the right size?
Can you help me find the school counselor’s office?
Can you help me find the school nurse’s office?
Can you help me find the shark that has swallowed my grandfather's dentures?
Can you help me fix it?
Can you help me fix my flat tire?
Can you help me fix that?
Can you help me fix this?
Can you help me fold clothes?
Can you help me fold the clothes?
Can you help me fold the laundry?
Can you help me for half an hour?
Can you help me for just a minute?
Can you help me get a date?
Can you help me get a girlfriend?
Can you help me get a refund?
Can you help me get a taxi?
Can you help me get my money back from Tom?
Can you help me get out of here?
Can you help me get started?
Can you help me get that box down from the top shelf?
Can you help me get this done?
Can you help me get this hatch open?
Can you help me get to the hospital?
Can you help me hang the curtains?
Can you help me hang the family photos?
Can you help me here?
Can you help me host my website?
Can you help me in reflecting on my own character?
Can you help me install it on my computer?
Can you help me install this program?
Can you help me install this software?
Can you help me lay the table?
Can you help me learn Esperanto?
Can you help me learn Rust?
Can you help me lift this box?
Can you help me lift this?
Can you help me load the truck?
Can you help me look for it?
Can you help me make a snowman?
Can you help me move the sofa?
Can you help me move the table?
Can you help me move this table?
Can you help me move this?
Can you help me next weekend?
Can you help me on this one?
Can you help me organize my closet?
Can you help me organize my files before you leave?
Can you help me out by giving me a dollar?
Can you help me out here, please?
Can you help me out here?
Can you help me out of my trouble?
Can you help me out or not?
Can you help me out with a dollar?
Can you help me out?
Can you help me pack my suitcase?
Can you help me paint my house?
Can you help me pick out an engagement ring?
Can you help me plan a surprise party for Tom?
Can you help me plant this shrub?
Can you help me prepare the agenda for the meeting?
Can you help me push the car?
Can you help me put my bag in the overhead compartment?
Can you help me put up the Christmas lights?
Can you help me remember how to smile?
Can you help me replace my motherboard?
Can you help me replant this shrub?
Can you help me set the table?
Can you help me set up the picnic blanket?
Can you help me solve a mystery?
Can you help me sort this out?
Can you help me study for the exam?
Can you help me study?
Can you help me take this please?
Can you help me tame this horse?
Can you help me tie this tie?
Can you help me to learn French?
Can you help me to translate some words?
Can you help me to translate these sentences into Chinese?
Can you help me to work out the adverbial forms of all these verbs?
Can you help me to work out the adverbial forms of these verbs?
Can you help me tomorrow afternoon?
Can you help me translate that into French?
Can you help me translate these sentences in Chinese?
Can you help me translate this document into French?
Can you help me translate this into French?
Can you help me translate this sentence into your native language?
Can you help me translate this?
Can you help me translate?
Can you help me understand better?
Can you help me understand this concept?
Can you help me up the stairs?
Can you help me wash the dishes?
Can you help me wash these dishes?
Can you help me wash up after the meal?
Can you help me when I move?
Can you help me with French?
Can you help me with Japanese?
Can you help me with a sandwich?
Can you help me with differential equations?
Can you help me with finding my child?
Can you help me with it?
Can you help me with my French?
Can you help me with my dress?
Can you help me with my homework?
Can you help me with my locker combination?
Can you help me with my locker jam?
Can you help me with my luggage?
Can you help me with my school project?
Can you help me with my suitcase?
Can you help me with my work?
Can you help me with something?
Can you help me with the English homework?
Can you help me with the airport directions?
Can you help me with the airport security procedures?
Can you help me with the customs declaration?
Can you help me with the door?
Can you help me with the kids?
Can you help me with the social media strategy?
Can you help me with the washing up?
Can you help me with these boxes?
Can you help me with these?
Can you help me with this assignment?
Can you help me with this corset?
Can you help me with this math equation?
Can you help me with this math problem?
Can you help me with this please?
Can you help me with this problem set?
Can you help me with this project?
Can you help me with this report?
Can you help me with this table?
Can you help me with this task?
Can you help me with this test?
Can you help me with this?
Can you help me write a love letter in French?
Can you help me write a love letter?
Can you help me, please?
Can you help me?
Can you help me? I can’t make out how to start this machine.
Can you help me? I don't know how to start this machine.
Can you help me? I'm looking for the correct translation of the word "pistil."
Can you help out?
Can you help pick up?
Can you help solve this mystery?
Can you help solve this problem?
Can you help the children tie their shoelaces?
Can you help the children with their homework?
Can you help the kids with their homework?
Can you help them?
Can you help us decorate for the party?
Can you help us find Tom?
Can you help us find a good place to pitch our tent?
Can you help us find her?
Can you help us find him?
Can you help us find the nearest road?
Can you help us find them?
Can you help us in here?
Can you help us or not?
Can you help us out?
Can you help us to decorate the party room?
Can you help us tonight?
Can you help us wash the vegetables?
Can you help us?
Can you help your brother?
Can you help, Mother?
Can you help, please?
Can you help?
Can you hide me from the police?
Can you hike for days in the wilderness without seeing anyone?
Can you hike in those shoes?
Can you hold it a bit longer?
Can you hold it a moment for me?
Can you hold it in until the next rest stop?
Can you hold it yet?
Can you hold my hand?
Can you hold my purse?
Can you hold my shopping bags for me?
Can you hold on a little longer?
Can you hold on a moment?
Can you hold on a sec?
Can you hold on a second?
Can you hold on for a second?
Can you hold that thought?
Can you hold the baby for a minute?
Can you hold the door for me, please?
Can you hold the elevator, please?
Can you hold things down?
Can you hold this for a few seconds?
Can you hold this for a second?
Can you hold this for me?
Can you hold, please?
Can you honestly imagine that happening?
Can you honestly say you didn't know that was going to happen?
Can you honestly tell me that you didn't know this was going to happen?
Can you honestly tell me you didn't know this was going to happen?
Can you host?
Can you house sit alone?
Can you hunt?
Can you hurry and go buy grey bread from the baker? And make him cut it!
Can you hurry it up?
Can you hurry up a bit?
Can you hurry up?
Can you ice skate?
Can you ice-skate?
Can you identify as a different race than you are?
Can you identify that?
Can you identify the animals in the pictures?
Can you identify the cause of the problem?
Can you identify the man in this picture?
Can you identify the man using this picture?
Can you identify the man who did this to you?
Can you identify the problem areas?
Can you identify the source of the faucet leak?
Can you identify them?
Can you identify these animals?
Can you identify this animal?
Can you identify this?
Can you identify which coat is yours?
Can you illustrate that by way of a concrete example?
Can you illustrate that using a concrete example?
Can you imagine Babel's splendor?
Can you imagine Sami's reaction?
Can you imagine Tom being our boss?
Can you imagine Tom doing anything useful?
Can you imagine Tom doing that?
Can you imagine Tom working in a garage?
Can you imagine Tom's reaction?
Can you imagine a blue Ferrari?
Can you imagine a thing like that?
Can you imagine a time when the world is free of war?
Can you imagine being a fruitarian?
Can you imagine being born a slave?
Can you imagine dating Mary, for example?
Can you imagine doing this by yourself?
Can you imagine him driving such a splendid car?
Can you imagine how I felt?
Can you imagine how I live?
Can you imagine how Tom and Mary feel?
Can you imagine how Tom feels?
Can you imagine how Tom felt?
Can you imagine how awkward it is to tell your doctor the symptoms you're experiencing?
Can you imagine how happy I am?
Can you imagine how it feels?
Can you imagine how many Lincoln Logs it would take to build an actual shelter?
Can you imagine how scared I was?
Can you imagine how scared Tom and Mary were?
Can you imagine how scared Tom was?
Can you imagine how silly that would look?
Can you imagine if Tom said that?
Can you imagine it?
Can you imagine living in such a small town?
Can you imagine me making a cake?
Can you imagine that happening?
Can you imagine that?
Can you imagine the situation?
Can you imagine the world without money?
Can you imagine walking around on the moon?
Can you imagine walking on the moon?
Can you imagine what I am thinking now?
Can you imagine what Tom would have done?
Can you imagine what Tom would've done?
Can you imagine what Tom's reaction would have been?
Can you imagine what Tom's reaction would've been?
Can you imagine what her death means to me?
Can you imagine what it must be like to live in such a small town?
Can you imagine what life was like before electricity came along?
Can you imagine what life will be like for them now?
Can you imagine what life would be like without television?
Can you imagine what our life would be like without electricity?
Can you imagine what our lives would be like without electricity?
Can you imagine what that's like?
Can you imagine what the 21st century will be like?
Can you imagine what would have happened if we hadn't been there?
Can you imagine what would've happened if we hadn't been there?
Can you imagine what'll happen if Tom sees you?
Can you imagine working here?
Can you imagine your future with Tom?
Can you imagine yourself alone on a boat in the middle of the ocean?
Can you imagine?
Can you imagine? Indeed, the square root of minus one is 'i'.
Can you imitate the sounds of zoo animals?
Can you impersonate Tom?
Can you influence him in any way?
Can you inform them about it?
Can you inspect the house?
Can you install a new faucet in the bathroom?
Can you install a security system in the apartment?
Can you interact with others in a mature way?
Can you interpret this?
Can you interpret?
Can you introduce me to Tom?
Can you introduce me to a doctor who speaks French?
Can you introduce me to a lawyer who speaks French?
Can you introduce me to someone who speaks French?
Can you introduce me to the girl talking with Tom?
Can you introduce me to your friend?
Can you introduce me?
Can you introduce your boyfriend to me?
Can you introduce yourself in Berber?
Can you introduce yourself in a few words?
Can you introduce yourself?
Can you invest in a country like Algeria?
Can you invite me along?
Can you iron these clothes for me?
Can you iron this T-shirt for me, please?
Can you itch me here?
Can you jog in those shoes?
Can you join me for a bike ride around the city?
Can you join me for a boat tour or cruise?
Can you join me for a guided walking tour?
Can you join me for a hike in the national park?
Can you join me for a scenic train or boat ride?
Can you join the team?
Can you join us for a picnic?
Can you juggle?
Can you jump in those shoes?
Can you jump over a chair from a standing position?
Can you jump rope in those shoes?
Can you jump rope?
Can you jump that high?
Can you just get Tom some water?
Can you just give me a minute?
Can you just go home?
Can you just hurry up?
Can you just keep an eye on Tom?
Can you just listen?
Can you just please give me some more time?
Can you just please go?
Can you just shut up, please?
Can you just tell me now, so I don't have to come back tomorrow?
Can you just throw these out?
Can you justify it?
Can you justify that?
Can you justify the use of violence?
Can you justify your action?
Can you justify your claim?
Can you keep Tom there?
Can you keep a secret?
Can you keep an eye on Tom?
Can you keep an eye on her?
Can you keep an eye on him?
Can you keep an eye on the pasta?
Can you keep an eye on them?
Can you keep her there?
Can you keep him there?
Can you keep holding it?
Can you keep it a secret?
Can you keep it secret that I'm here?
Can you keep me awake?
Can you keep me company?
Can you keep me in the loop?
Can you keep me posted?
Can you keep me up to date?
Can you keep quiet?
Can you keep running in slovenian?
Can you keep standing on one of your legs with closed eyes for a minute?
Can you keep the car in the garage?
Can you keep the eggs outside the fridge?
Can you keep the kids a little bit longer, please? I've just got off work.
Can you keep the noise down?
Can you keep them there?
Can you keep up with me?
Can you keep your mouth shut?
Can you kiss me?
Can you knock off a few bucks?
Can you lay down with me?
Can you lead a horse?
Can you lean forward a bit?
Can you learn French online?
Can you learn Konkani online?
Can you learn a language by listening to music?
Can you learn cooking online?
Can you learn to eat properly?
Can you learn to love me?
Can you learn?
Can you lease a house?
Can you leave it with me till this afternoon?
Can you leave me alone, please?
Can you leave me alone?
Can you leave me the newspaper?
Can you leave my office, please?
Can you leave the light off?
Can you leave the light on?
Can you leave work a bit earlier today?
Can you leave work early?
Can you leave?
Can you lend it to me?
Can you lend it to them?
Can you lend me $20? I'll pay you back next Monday.
Can you lend me 10,000 yen?
Can you lend me 25,000 Naira, please?
Can you lend me 500 yen?
Can you lend me a calculator for the math test?
Can you lend me a comic book?
Can you lend me a couple of different colored folders?
Can you lend me a dime?
Can you lend me a dollar?
Can you lend me a guitar to use on stage tonight?
Can you lend me a hand with this project?
Can you lend me a hand with this?
Can you lend me a hand?
Can you lend me a highlighter?
Can you lend me a little money?
Can you lend me a manga?
Can you lend me a pair of tweezers?
Can you lend me a pen?
Can you lend me a pencil for the test?
Can you lend me a pencil, please?
Can you lend me a quid?
Can you lend me a ruler for the geometry test?
Can you lend me a stapler?
Can you lend me a tenner until Friday?
Can you lend me it?
Can you lend me one of your hammers?
Can you lend me some cash? I've just come out of prison and I want to go see Mom.
Can you lend me some money until payday?
Can you lend me some money?
Can you lend me some money? ... Of course, friend.
Can you lend me some money? I'm skint.
Can you lend me some money? I'm stony broke.
Can you lend me that book?
Can you lend me that?
Can you lend me the book?
Can you lend me the money or not?
Can you lend me three hundred dollars?
Can you lend me tweezers? I have a splinter in my foot.
Can you lend me twenty quid?
Can you lend me your belt for a moment?
Can you lend me your bicycle?
Can you lend me your bike?
Can you lend me your book, please?
Can you lend me your calculator?
Can you lend me your car tomorrow?
Can you lend me your car, as a favor?
Can you lend me your computer?
Can you lend me your dictionary?
Can you lend me your eraser?
Can you lend me your knife?
Can you lend me your lighter?
Can you lend me your motorbike?
Can you lend me your pencil?
Can you lend me your phone?
Can you lend me your rubber?
Can you lend me your table for a moment?
Can you lend me your umbrella?
Can you lend me yours?
Can you lend some money until the weekend? Sorry I can't. I'm broke.
Can you lend that to me?
Can you lend the book to me?
Can you lengthen it?
Can you let Tom know what's happened?
Can you let me breathe?
Can you let me by?
Can you let me finish speaking?
Can you let me have it for thirty dollars?
Can you let me in? It's cold out here!
Can you let me know by noon tomorrow?
Can you let me know tomorrow?
Can you let me know when it's been three minutes?
Can you let me know?
Can you let me off at the next light?
Can you let me pass?
Can you let me see it?
Can you let me see what you bought?
Can you let me think about it for a while?
Can you let me through, please?
Can you let the cat in?
Can you let the dog in?
Can you lift Tom?
Can you lift this box?
Can you lift this leg?
Can you lift this stone?
Can you light the campfire?
Can you light the candles on the cake?
Can you light the way?
Can you limit the noise?
Can you list the countries you have visited?
Can you list the ingredients for this recipe?
Can you list the items you need to pack for vacation?
Can you list the months?
Can you list the names of your family members?
Can you list the situations in which a supervisor should give a direct order?
Can you list three adjectives to describe your best friend?
Can you listen for once?
Can you listen to me for a minute?
Can you live abroad?
Can you live for a week without deadlines?
Can you live in a village like this one?
Can you live safe if you are not free?
Can you live without working?
Can you load the dishwasher?
Can you loan her some money?
Can you loan him some money?
Can you loan me a pen?
Can you loan me thirty dollars for a cab?
Can you loan me thirty dollars?
Can you locate it?
Can you locate the keys in your backpack?
Can you locate the spare keys in the kitchen drawer?
Can you locate this city on a map?
Can you locate this place on the map for me?
Can you locate this town?
Can you locate where we are on the map for me?
Can you log in to your computer using your password?
Can you look after my dog while I'm away?
Can you look after my dog?
Can you look after my kids this afternoon?
Can you look after the baby this afternoon?
Can you look at me?
Can you look at mine?
Can you look at these two pictures and say which one is better?
Can you look at these two pictures and tell me which one is better?
Can you look for the keys under the bed?
Can you look here please?
Can you look it over, please?
Can you look that over, please?
Can you lot smell something?
Can you lower down the price quite a bit on this offer, please ?
Can you lower the price a little bit?
Can you lower the price some more?
Can you lower the price to ten dollars?
Can you lower the price?
Can you lower your voice, please? I'm really hung over.
Can you lower your voice?
Can you mail these for me?
Can you mail these letters for me?
Can you mail this letter for me?
Can you make Swiss cheese?
Can you make Tom an ice cream cone?
Can you make Tom laugh?
Can you make Tom smile?
Can you make Tom stop doing that?
Can you make a better deal on this offer, please ?
Can you make a better deal on this offer?
Can you make a copy for me?
Can you make a doubly-linked list and sort it?
Can you make a rag doll?
Can you make a reservation?
Can you make a salad?
Can you make a small change?
Can you make a tasty salad?
Can you make a video on that?
Can you make a voiced linguolabial fricative?
Can you make an exception?
Can you make an omelet?
Can you make an omelette?
Can you make change for a 20-dollar bill?
Can you make copies?
Can you make deviled eggs?
Can you make do with sandwiches for lunch?
Can you make her smile?
Can you make him smile?
Can you make him stop?
Can you make it a bit cheaper?
Can you make it a little cheaper?
Can you make it back to Australia on your own?
Can you make it back to Boston on your own?
Can you make it before the deadline?
Can you make it cheaper?
Can you make it easier to understand?
Can you make it for lunch?
Can you make it for me?
Can you make it go any faster?
Can you make it in time?
Can you make it on time?
Can you make it safe?
Can you make it so she can get on that TV program?
Can you make it special delivery?
Can you make it stop?
Can you make it to Australia this year?
Can you make it to Boston this year?
Can you make it to my party tonight?
Can you make it to our usual place at 7:00 p.m. tonight?
Can you make it work?
Can you make it?
Can you make me a Spanish omelette for dinner please?
Can you make me a copy?
Can you make me a cup of tea?
Can you make me a snack?
Can you make me happy?
Can you make me look better than this?
Can you make me three hundred copies of this?
Can you make out a light in the distance?
Can you make out the hummingbird by that bush?
Can you make out the meaning easily?
Can you make out what he is trying to say?
Can you make out what she is driving at?
Can you make out why John left so suddenly?
Can you make out why he won't go with us?
Can you make room for me?
Can you make room for one more?
Can you make sashimi out of this fish I just caught?
Can you make sausages?
Can you make sense of this decrypted message?
Can you make sense of this poem?
Can you make sense of what he says?
Can you make sense of what the writer is saying?
Can you make some alterations to this product?
Can you make some coffee?
Can you make some more?
Can you make some room?
Can you make sure our order has no peanuts?
Can you make sure that Tom and Mary are OK?
Can you make sure that Tom is OK?
Can you make that happen?
Can you make the colors pop more?
Can you make the colours pop more?
Can you make the deadline?
Can you make the salad?
Can you make the text larger?
Can you make them smile?
Can you make time?
Can you make us breakfast?
Can you make us some breakfast?
Can you make yourself understood in English?
Can you make yourself understood in French?
Can you make yourself understood in Japanese?
Can you make yourselves understood in English?
Can you make yourselves understood in French?
Can you manage alone this weekend?
Can you manage alone?
Can you manage lifting this box?
Can you manage that by yourself?
Can you manage those packages by yourself?
Can you manage to carry that heavy suitcase by yourself?
Can you manage to carry the suitcase by yourself?
Can you manage to complete the manuscript by Friday?
Can you manage to lift this box?
Can you manage to move that sofa?
Can you manage?
Can you match this coat with something a little more colorful?
Can you measure the length?
Can you meet Tom?
Can you meet him?
Can you meet me after school for a study session?
Can you meet me after the concert?
Can you meet me after the play?
Can you meet me after work?
Can you meet me at 2:30 on Monday afternoon?
Can you meet me at 2:30 on Monday?
Can you meet me at my office at 2:30?
Can you meet me at nine o'clock on Saturday morning?
Can you meet me at the park at 3pm?
Can you meet me at the park later?
Can you meet me at three?
Can you meet me downtown?
Can you meet me for lunch?
Can you meet me in an hour?
Can you meet me in the auditorium?
Can you meet me in the cafeteria in ten minutes?
Can you meet me in the canteen in ten minutes?
Can you meet me in the lab?
Can you meet me later?
Can you meet me right now?
Can you meet me there?
Can you meet me tomorrow afternoon?
Can you meet tonight?
Can you meet with me?
Can you melt the cheese for the nachos?
Can you memorize 10 million sentences?
Can you memorize every single sentence ID?
Can you memorize ten and a half million sentences?
Can you mend my flat tyre now?
Can you mend my pants?
Can you mend my puncture now?
Can you mend these shoes for me?
Can you mention some celebrities in Italy at the moment?
Can you milk a cow?
Can you miss the present moment?
Can you mix me some lemonade, Tom? You're the best at it.
Can you motivate people with "candies and the whip"?
Can you move closer to me?
Can you move it?
Can you move out of the way?
Can you move so I can get by?
Can you move stuff around with your mind?
Can you move this desk by yourself?
Can you move your ears?
Can you move your legs?
Can you move?
Can you name a famous landmark in your country?
Can you name all the islands?
Can you name all the trees in the garden?
Can you name any Algerian company?
Can you name any plants peculiar to Japan?
Can you name anyone that we know who is as talented as he is?
Can you name one of their songs?
Can you name some Berber dialects?
Can you name some of the musicians who lived when Richard Wagner was a boy?
Can you name some zoo animals?
Can you name the days of the week?
Can you name the man who did it?
Can you name the situations in which a supervisor should use a direct order?
Can you name the two countries in the world that border on three oceans?
Can you name them?
Can you narrow that down a little?
Can you navigate a toxic work environment?
Can you navigate by starlight?
Can you navigate?
Can you negotiate the house price?
Can you not drink?
Can you not find what you're looking for?
Can you not focus on studying more? You won't finish them in an eternity.
Can you not forgive him?
Can you not say it in Asturian?
Can you not see that Mary is pregnant?
Can you not see the birds?
Can you not sense the mood?
Can you not slurp?
Can you not smoke?
Can you not speak English?
Can you not think of owt?
Can you not wait a little more?
Can you obtain this rare book for me?
Can you offer a better deal on this offer, please?
Can you offer any evidence in support of what you say?
Can you offer suggestions for self-reflection?
Can you only pay with cash?
Can you open a second register?
Can you open it?
Can you open the door for me, please?
Can you open the door for me?
Can you open the door from your side?
Can you open the door, please?
Can you open the door?
Can you open the garage door?
Can you open the window?
Can you open this door?
Can you open this for me?
Can you open this jar for me?
Can you open this?
Can you open up?
Can you open your eyes, please?
Can you open your window? It's stuffy in here.
Can you operate a manual transmission?
Can you order a green tea popsicle and two Tigertail ice creams?
Can you order it for me?
Can you order one for me?
Can you order them for me?
Can you organize your books on the shelf?
Can you outfox a fox?
Can you outmaneuver your opponents?
Can you outmanoeuvre your opponents?
Can you own an oar for a river this year?
Can you pack it?
Can you pack this suitcase?
Can you paddle a canoe?
Can you page someone for me?
Can you paint the walls in the apartment?
Can you park here?
Can you park the car here?
Can you pass me a plate for the cake?
Can you pass me some paper?
Can you pass me that thingamajig?
Can you pass me the brown belt, please?
Can you pass me the detergent bottle?
Can you pass me the keys, please?
Can you pass me the menu?
Can you pass me the milk?
Can you pass me the olives?
Can you pass me the potatoes?
Can you pass me the salt and pepper?
Can you pass me the salt from the table?
Can you pass me the salt, Lorenzo?
Can you pass me the salt, please?
Can you pass me the salt?
Can you pass me the thingy?
Can you pass me the towel?
Can you pass me tissue, please?
Can you pass the belt through the loops?
Can you pass the salt?
Can you pause it?
Can you pause the TV for a second?
Can you pause the video for a moment?
Can you pay attention, please?
Can you pay attention?
Can you pay cash?
Can you pay for all this?
Can you pay for the room up until now?
Can you pay for this purse?
Can you pay for this skirt?
Can you pay half the bill?
Can you pay me back?
Can you pay me in advance?
Can you pay me in cash?
Can you pay off your loans in a year?
Can you people hear me down there?
Can you perform a miracle?
Can you persuade him to join our club?
Can you phone me at about eight tomorrow?
Can you phone me back as soon as possible, please?
Can you phone me tomorrow at about eight?
Can you phrase your answer in an understandable manner?
Can you pick a lock with a paper clip?
Can you pick it up?
Can you pick me up a bag of pretzels?
Can you pick me up at 3?
Can you pick me up at the airport?
Can you pick me up at the mall?
Can you pick me up at the station?
Can you pick me up at three o'clock?
Can you pick me up at three?
Can you pick me up from work?
Can you pick me up later?
Can you pick me up on your way home?
Can you pick me up soon?
Can you pick me up?
Can you pick out a few good books to read?
Can you pick the kids up from school?
Can you pick up Tom?
Can you pick up a case of beer on the way back?
Can you pick up a case of beer on your way back?
Can you pick up a case of beer on your way home?
Can you pick up a few boxes of penne?
Can you pick up a tomato?
Can you pick up after your dog?
Can you pick up my packages?
Can you pick up some groceries for me?
Can you pick up some saltine crackers?
Can you pick up some toilet paper while you're out?
Can you pick up that potato peel that I dropped?
Can you pick up the pieces?
Can you pick up this box?
Can you picture it?
Can you pitch?
Can you play Jingle Bells?
Can you play a happy song?
Can you play a musical instrument?
Can you play a song for me?
Can you play a song with a beat?
Can you play an instrument?
Can you play any musical instrument?
Can you play any musical instruments?
Can you play backgammon?
Can you play basketball well?
Can you play billiards?
Can you play chess well?
Can you play chess?
Can you play football?
Can you play guitar?
Can you play poker?
Can you play pool?
Can you play something for me sometime?
Can you play sports in those shoes?
Can you play tennis with a water balloon?
Can you play tennis?
Can you play that chord on the keyboard?
Can you play the banjo?
Can you play the cello?
Can you play the clarinet?
Can you play the drums?
Can you play the dutar?
Can you play the flute?
Can you play the guitar for the children?
Can you play the guitar?
Can you play the key of C minor?
Can you play the oboe as well as you play the clarinet?
Can you play the oboe?
Can you play the organ?
Can you play the piano well?
Can you play the piano?
Can you play the qanun?
Can you play the saxophone as well?
Can you play the saxophone, too?
Can you play the saxophone?
Can you play the trombone?
Can you play the trumpet?
Can you play the ukulele?
Can you play the viola, too, or do you just play the violin?
Can you play the viola, too, or do you only play the violin?
Can you play the viola, too, or do you only play violin?
Can you play the violin?
Can you play well?
Can you please be a little quieter?
Can you please be quiet?
Can you please calm down, sir?
Can you please change the channel?
Can you please change the money for me?
Can you please clarify what you are trying to do with your life?
Can you please clean the board?
Can you please clean the mud off your shoes?
Can you please close that window?
Can you please close the door?
Can you please close the window?
Can you please close the windows before you leave?
Can you please come fix it?
Can you please come fix this?
Can you please confirm the receipt of this note?
Can you please correct my Turkish?
Can you please correct my translation?
Can you please cut down on the swearing? You're setting a bad example for the kids.
Can you please delete this photo?
Can you please do my hair?
Can you please do that somewhere else?
Can you please do this for me?
Can you please do your job?
Can you please explain that again?
Can you please explain that in more detail?
Can you please explain this to me?
Can you please fill me in with the following information, I would greatly appreciate it.
Can you please forward me that email?
Can you please give me a boost?
Can you please give me something to do?
Can you please go away now?
Can you please go away?
Can you please go for me?
Can you please go get it?
Can you please help me carry my bags?
Can you please help me carry this box?
Can you please help me for just a minute?
Can you please help me hang this picture?
Can you please help me look for my wallet?
Can you please help me put price tags on everything?
Can you please help me set the table?
Can you please help me with this heavy box?
Can you please help me?
Can you please help?
Can you please just give Mary whatever she wants?
Can you please just give Tom and Mary whatever they want?
Can you please just give Tom whatever he wants?
Can you please just shut up already?
Can you please keep the noise down? Some of us are trying to work.
Can you please keep the table clean?
Can you please leave me alone?
Can you please leave me alone? I need some peace and quiet, so just buzz off.
Can you please let me finish speaking?
Can you please let me know the most suitable person in INF Co., Ltd?
Can you please let me know when you're back?
Can you please look the other way?
Can you please make Tom stop doing that?
Can you please move your cup from the table?
Can you please not do that right now?
Can you please not do that?
Can you please open the window?
Can you please open the window?!
Can you please open this door for me?
Can you please pass me the newspaper?
Can you please pass me the remote?
Can you please pass me the salt?
Can you please pass the salt?
Can you please pick one up?
Can you please pick up some milk on your way home?
Can you please pour me some more wine?
Can you please prescribe me these medications?
Can you please print these?
Can you please print this?
Can you please properly study a foreign language?
Can you please provide us with a phone number?
Can you please put headphones on?
Can you please put some headphones on or something?
Can you please put the table against the wall?
Can you please put your phone down?
Can you please reduce the volume of the music?
Can you please remind me of the meeting tomorrow?
Can you please repeat that for the class?
Can you please repeat that slowly?
Can you please repeat that?
Can you please repeat the question?
Can you please repeat what you just said?
Can you please replace all the liquor bottles that you've filled with water or tea?
Can you please say please?
Can you please say that again?
Can you please send ten $15 flashlights immediately?
Can you please send them a brochure?
Can you please send us a brochure?
Can you please show me how to do that?
Can you please show me the photo?
Can you please show me the photograph?
Can you please show me your driver's license?
Can you please show me your license?
Can you please shut up?
Can you please sign this document?
Can you please sit down?
Can you please speak more slowly?
Can you please stop being late all the time?
Can you please stop kicking the back of my seat?
Can you please stop singing?
Can you please stop that noise?
Can you please stop that?
Can you please take a picture of me?
Can you please take me there?
Can you please take this package to the post office?
Can you please tell Tom I haven't made a mistake?
Can you please tell Tom I'm right?
Can you please tell her that I won't be able to be there tomorrow?
Can you please tell me how I can get to the beach?
Can you please tell me how deep this lake is?
Can you please tell me how much it's worth?
Can you please tell me what time the train leaves?
Can you please tell me what's happening?
Can you please tell me what's the matter with you?
Can you please tell me where the first class room is?
Can you please tell me where the nearest church is?
Can you please tell me where the nearest public telephone is?
Can you please tell me where the restaurant is?
Can you please tell me why there seem to be two churches in every village?
Can you please tell me why?
Can you please tell me your name once more?
Can you please tone down your voice tone?
Can you please translate these sentences so that they sound as natural as possible?
Can you please translate this for me?
Can you please translate this into Berber?
Can you please turn down the music?
Can you please turn off the damn light when you leave the room?
Can you please turn off the lights when you leave the room?
Can you please turn the music down?
Can you please turn your music down?
Can you please walk away?
Can you please watch my bag?
Can you please write that down?
Can you plop some ice into my drink?
Can you plough?
Can you pluck up the courage to talk to her?
Can you point me in the direction of the central station?
Can you point me in the right direction?
Can you pop to the shop on your way home and get some milk?
Can you pop to the shops on your way home from work?
Can you possibly help me?
Can you post these letters for me?
Can you post this letter for me?
Can you pour vodka into my cut?
Can you practice Berber with me?
Can you practice Japanese with me?
Can you predict the future?
Can you prepare a solution? Do you know the proportions?
Can you prescribe me these medications?
Can you pressure wash the sidewalks?
Can you prevent it?
Can you print it out for me?
Can you print it out?
Can you print out this document for me?
Can you print that out for me?
Can you print this document for me?
Can you print this shipping label?
Can you print us out a list?
Can you proceed?
Can you produce any evidence that he was not at home that night?
Can you produce evidence to clear him?
Can you produce medicines from the laboratory?
Can you program in C?
Can you program in Python?
Can you program?
Can you promise me that you won't do that?
Can you promise me that you won't tell Tom?
Can you promise me that?
Can you promise me to take good care of yourself?
Can you promise me you won't do that?
Can you promise me you won't tell Tom?
Can you pronounce these words?
Can you proofread my essay?
Can you proofread my research paper?
Can you proofread this essay for me?
Can you proofread this legal document for me?
Can you proofread this press release for me?
Can you proofread this?
Can you protect me?
Can you protect us?
Can you protect your intellectual property in Algeria?
Can you protect your property rights in Algeria?
Can you prove I'm wrong?
Can you prove Tom didn't do it?
Can you prove Tom didn't do that?
Can you prove Tom's guilt?
Can you prove it?
Can you prove that ghosts don't exist?
Can you prove that the Quran is wrong?
Can you prove that this is wrong?
Can you prove that what you said is true?
Can you prove that's true?
Can you prove that's what happened?
Can you prove that?
Can you prove the allegations?
Can you prove the existence of garbagemen?
Can you prove the validity of your assertion?
Can you prove those allegations?
Can you prove which was the original language of your holy writings?
Can you prove your claim?
Can you prove your claims?
Can you provide a few examples?
Can you provide a numerical representation of the data?
Can you provide an example?
Can you provide evidence?
Can you provide insights to help me know myself better?
Can you provide me with some ideas for blog posts about religion?
Can you provide me with the sales report?
Can you provide us with references?
Can you pull me out of here?
Can you pull over? I think I'm going to be sick.
Can you pull over? I'm going to be sick.
Can you pull yourself together?
Can you push the door open?
Can you put it down on the table?
Can you put me through to extension 5678 please?
Can you put me through to someone who speaks Spanish?
Can you put me up tonight?
Can you put me up with you for a night?
Can you put on a kimono by yourself?
Can you put some sunscreen on me?
Can you put some sunscreen on my back?
Can you put some suntan lotion on my back?
Can you put someone outside his door, just in case?
Can you put something else on, please?
Can you put that in your own words?
Can you put that into English?
Can you put that into French?
Can you put the baby in the car seat?
Can you put the baby in the playpen?
Can you put the bags in the trunk?
Can you put the belt around your waist?
Can you put the belt on the lowest hole?
Can you put the cart back where it belongs?
Can you put the children to bed?
Can you put the dishes in the cabinet?
Can you put the keys on the table, please?
Can you put the link to your blog on this paper for me?
Can you put the plates on the table, please?
Can you put the shish kebabs on the grill?
Can you put them on the witness stand?
Can you put this over there?
Can you put up some extra guests for the night?
Can you put up with the noise?
Can you put up with the way he behaves?
Can you put your shoes in the designated area?
Can you quantify happiness?
Can you quench your desire?
Can you quickly describe the thief?
Can you quickly go and buy grey bread from the baker? And have it cut!
Can you quit your job?
Can you quote a line of Hamlet from memory?
Can you quote a line of Hamlet?
Can you quote a reliable source to justify that?
Can you quote anything Mouloud Mammeri said?
Can you quote me a price for the house?
Can you raise your hands, please?
Can you re-do it for me?
Can you reach high C?
Can you reach him?
Can you reach it?
Can you reach the box on that shelf?
Can you reach the ceiling?
Can you reach the keys on the high shelf?
Can you reach the keys on the top shelf?
Can you reach the sugar on the top shelf?
Can you reach the top shelf?
Can you reach those?
Can you reach to the top of the bookshelf?
Can you reach what's on the top shelf?
Can you reach?
Can you read Arabic?
Can you read Berber?
Can you read Cyrillic?
Can you read French?
Can you read IPA symbols?
Can you read Kannada?
Can you read Russian written with cursive letters?
Can you read Russian?
Can you read a French newspaper?
Can you read a story to the children?
Can you read and write French?
Can you read between the lines?
Can you read handwritten Russian?
Can you read hiragana?
Can you read it to me?
Can you read it?
Can you read maps?
Can you read me this book?
Can you read me?
Can you read music?
Can you read my mind?
Can you read out the numbers under the black line?
Can you read phonetic signs?
Can you read phonetic symbols?
Can you read sheet music?
Can you read that sign ahead of us?
Can you read that sign?
Can you read that?
Can you read the Tifinagh alphabet?
Can you read the letter?
Can you read the phonetic alphabet?
Can you read the question?
Can you read the rough draft of my essay?
Can you read these sentences?
Can you read this document for me?
Can you read this handwriting?
Can you read this kanji?
Can you read this manuscript?
Can you read this sentence and translate it into your language?
Can you read this small print?
Can you read this text for me?
Can you read this without your glasses?
Can you read this?
Can you read what that says?
Can you read what's on that sign from here?
Can you read what's on the blackboard?
Can you read what's written here?
Can you read what's written on the blackboard?
Can you read what's written on the board?
Can you read what's written there?
Can you read?
Can you really blame Tom for choosing Mary over Alice?
Can you really blame Tom?
Can you really blame her?
Can you really blame him?
Can you really blame me?
Can you really blame them?
Can you really blame us?
Can you really do it?
Can you really do that by yourself?
Can you really do that?
Can you really do the job?
Can you really do your job?
Can you really fall in love with someone you've never met?
Can you really learn a language in a month?
Can you really love someone immediately?
Can you really make a living doing this?
Can you really manipulate the thought and behavior of people by using subliminal messages?
Can you really not swim?
Can you really predict the future?
Can you really see the future?
Can you really speak French?
Can you really speak ten languages?
Can you really stay in Australia all summer?
Can you really stay in Boston all summer?
Can you really swim?
Can you really teach this stuff?
Can you really tell the future?
Can you really use a stethoscope to crack a safe?
Can you really use all of these?
Can you really?
Can you reboot the router?
Can you recall the accident?
Can you recite Kenji Miyazawa's "Be not Defeated by the Rain" by heart?
Can you recite a poem?
Can you recite the names of the seven deadly sins according to the Christian religion?
Can you recognise Tom's voice?
Can you recognise the person in this picture?
Can you recognize a horse's hoofprint?
Can you recognize the nightingale's song?
Can you recollect his name?
Can you recommend a French teacher?
Can you recommend a book similar to this one?
Can you recommend a good Chinese restaurant?
Can you recommend a good French teacher?
Can you recommend a good Korean restaurant?
Can you recommend a good apartment complex in the city?
Can you recommend a good apartment nearby?
Can you recommend a good book for me to read?
Can you recommend a good book from the library?
Can you recommend a good book on gardening?
Can you recommend a good book on writing?
Can you recommend a good book to read?
Can you recommend a good book?
Can you recommend a good brand of shampoo?
Can you recommend a good camera, please?
Can you recommend a good camera?
Can you recommend a good carpenter?
Can you recommend a good cocktail?
Can you recommend a good dessert?
Can you recommend a good dictionary to me?
Can you recommend a good dictionary?
Can you recommend a good doctor?
Can you recommend a good film for me to watch?
Can you recommend a good game to me?
Can you recommend a good hotel in Boston?
Can you recommend a good hotel in Kabylie?
Can you recommend a good hotel in the area?
Can you recommend a good hotel in the city?
Can you recommend a good hotel?
Can you recommend a good lawyer?
Can you recommend a good local beer?
Can you recommend a good motel in the area?
Can you recommend a good motel in this area?
Can you recommend a good movie to watch?
Can you recommend a good movie?
Can you recommend a good over-the-counter allergy medicine?
Can you recommend a good place for me to stay in Boston?
Can you recommend a good place for me to take my wife for our anniversary?
Can you recommend a good place to eat Korean food?
Can you recommend a good place to eat Mexican food?
Can you recommend a good place to eat in Boston?
Can you recommend a good place to eat?
Can you recommend a good place to get coffee?
Can you recommend a good place to have a picnic?
Can you recommend a good place to stay in Boston?
Can you recommend a good place to study French?
Can you recommend a good play?
Can you recommend a good podcast for me to listen to?
Can you recommend a good podcast?
Can you recommend a good red wine?
Can you recommend a good restaurant around here?
Can you recommend a good restaurant for dinner?
Can you recommend a good restaurant in the area?
Can you recommend a good restaurant in this area?
Can you recommend a good restaurant?
Can you recommend a good shoe store nearby?
Can you recommend a good store for electronics?
Can you recommend a good story where a handsome prince and an ordinary girl fall in love?
Can you recommend a good study app?
Can you recommend a good study group?
Can you recommend a good study guide?
Can you recommend a good study playlist?
Can you recommend a good study spot on campus?
Can you recommend a good study website?
Can you recommend a good travel agent?
Can you recommend a good travel app for navigation?
Can you recommend a good travel backpack or suitcase?
Can you recommend a good travel guidebook?
Can you recommend a good travel language translator app?
Can you recommend a good upholsterer?
Can you recommend a good wine pairing?
Can you recommend a good workout routine for me?
Can you recommend a good, inexpensive hotel?
Can you recommend a hotel in a quieter location?
Can you recommend a hotel near the airport?
Can you recommend a hotel?
Can you recommend a job for me?
Can you recommend a nearby beach for swimming?
Can you recommend a nearby restaurant?
Can you recommend a place for me to stay in Boston?
Can you recommend a place for me to stay in London?
Can you recommend a place to stay in Boston?
Can you recommend a place to stay in London?
Can you recommend a reasonably priced B & B?
Can you recommend a reasonably priced bed and breakfast?
Can you recommend a reasonably priced guest house?
Can you recommend a reliable apartment cleaning service?
Can you recommend a reliable coffee pot?
Can you recommend a restaurant that has good Korean food?
Can you recommend a romance novel for me?
Can you recommend an appropriate dictionary?
Can you recommend an inexpensive hotel?
Can you recommend another hotel?
Can you recommend any Broadway musicals?
Can you recommend any good hiking spots nearby?
Can you recommend any local markets?
Can you recommend any local restaurants?
Can you recommend any other hotels?
Can you recommend any scenic viewpoints?
Can you recommend any test resources?
Can you recommend any tourist attractions?
Can you recommend any vegetarian dishes?
Can you recommend anything?
Can you recommend me a good audiobook to fall asleep to?
Can you recommend me a good book?
Can you recommend me a good camera?
Can you recommend me a good game?
Can you recommend me a place to stay in London?
Can you recommend somewhere to stay in London?
Can you recommend to me a place to stay in London?
Can you recommend to me somewhere to stay in London?
Can you recommend your favorite shoe store?
Can you record this for me?
Can you recycle egg boxes?
Can you recycle egg cartons?
Can you reduce the price a bit?
Can you reissue them right away?
Can you remember anything about it?
Can you remember anything at all about that?
Can you remember anything?
Can you remember her name?
Can you remember his name?
Can you remember how much you paid for this?
Can you remember how slow the Internet used to be?
Can you remember how this all started?
Can you remember how to play that song?
Can you remember my Arabic name?
Can you remember that?
Can you remember the accident in detail?
Can you remember the first poem you ever wrote?
Can you remember the first time that we met each other?
Can you remember the first time that you ate at this restaurant?
Can you remember the first time that you did that?
Can you remember the first time that you ever used a computer?
Can you remember the first time that you heard the Beatles?
Can you remember the first time that you met Tom?
Can you remember the first time that you saw Tom?
Can you remember the first time that you swam?
Can you remember the first time that you tried playing the clarinet?
Can you remember the first time that you went swimming?
Can you remember the first time we met each other?
Can you remember the first time you ate at this restaurant?
Can you remember the first time you danced with a stranger?
Can you remember the first time you did that?
Can you remember the first time you ever used a computer?
Can you remember the first time you heard the Beatles?
Can you remember the first time you met Tom?
Can you remember the first time you saw Tom?
Can you remember the first time you swam?
Can you remember the first time you tried playing the clarinet?
Can you remember the first time you went swimming?
Can you remember the first word you learned in English?
Can you remember the first word you learned in French?
Can you remember the last time you ate ravioli?
Can you remember the summer Tom shaved his head?
Can you remember the time we visited Tom when he was still a teenager?
Can you remember their names?
Can you remember this game?
Can you remember what happened?
Can you remember what we're supposed to do?
Can you remember when Tom joined our company?
Can you remember when that was?
Can you remember when the first time that you came here was?
Can you remember when the first time you came here was?
Can you remember when you first met Tom?
Can you remember where this all started?
Can you remember where you left the spare keys?
Can you remember where you put the spare keys?
Can you remember your kindergarten teacher's name?
Can you remember your nursery teacher's name?
Can you remember your password?
Can you remind Tom that he still has some books of mine?
Can you remind Tom that he's still got some books of mine?
Can you remind me to call Tom later?
Can you remind me tomorrow, please?
Can you remind me what time the meeting is?
Can you remove it?
Can you remove the faucet handle to access the cartridge?
Can you remove this charge?
Can you rent a furnished apartment for a short term?
Can you rent a furnished house?
Can you repaint the walls in the apartment?
Can you repair a scratched windshield?
Can you repair it?
Can you repair my computer? You're a programmer, after all.
Can you repair my flat tire now?
Can you repair my flat tyre now?
Can you repair my puncture now?
Can you repair my shoes?
Can you repair the faucet cartridge or should we replace it?
Can you repair the faucet or should we call a plumber?
Can you repair the flat tyre now?
Can you repair these shoes?
Can you repair this watch?
Can you repair this?
Can you repair your own shoes?
Can you repeat for me who your father is?
Can you repeat it please?
Can you repeat that, please?
Can you repeat that?
Can you repeat the question?
Can you repeat this?
Can you repeat what you said?
Can you repeat your surname?
Can you repeat, please?
Can you repeat?
Can you rephrase the question? I'm not sure if I really understand it.
Can you rephrase the question? I'm not sure whether I understand it correctly.
Can you rephrase the question? I'm not sure whether I understand it properly.
Can you replace Tom?
Can you replace the light bulbs in the apartment?
Can you reschedule the exam please?
Can you respond to that?
Can you respond?
Can you resume from the thirtieth bar?
Can you resurrect her?
Can you resurrect him?
Can you return my personal belongings?
Can you return starling chicks to their parents?
Can you return the keys to the reception desk?
Can you retweet this?
Can you rewind the video, please?
Can you ride a bicycle?
Can you ride a bike?
Can you ride a horse?
Can you ride without a saddle?
Can you ring me at about eight tomorrow?
Can you ring me back as soon as possible, please?
Can you ring me tomorrow at about eight?
Can you ring me up? I don't know where I put my phone.
Can you row?
Can you rub my back?
Can you rub my shoulders?
Can you run any faster?
Can you run as fast as Tom can?
Can you run as fast as Tom?
Can you run fast?
Can you run faster than Tom?
Can you run faster?
Can you run in those shoes?
Can you sail a boat?
Can you save Tom?
Can you save a seat for me?
Can you save enough money for a down payment?
Can you save enough money for the down payment?
Can you save her?
Can you save him?
Can you save one of those donuts for me?
Can you save the world?
Can you save them?
Can you save this seat for me?
Can you save this world?
Can you say "hello" in Berber?
Can you say everything in Esperanto that you need to say?
Can you say grace?
Can you say how employees may be recognized for excellent performance?
Can you say in English what you're thinking about?
Can you say in English what's on your mind?
Can you say it in Berber?
Can you say it in Spanish?
Can you say it like that in German?
Can you say it like that?
Can you say much in Dutch?
Can you say something in Berber?
Can you say that again?
Can you say that in French?
Can you say that in German?
Can you say that more enthusiastically?
Can you say that one more time?
Can you say that with a straight face?
Can you say the days of the week in French?
Can you say the months of the year in French?
Can you scoop the ice cream into bowls for dessert?
Can you scoot over and make room for one more person?
Can you scoot over?
Can you scratch my back?
Can you scratch my left shoulder blade?
Can you scratch my tattoo?
Can you search for the fastest route?
Can you search online?
Can you secure a seat on the airplane for me?
Can you secure me two good seats for the concert?
Can you see Mt. Daisetsu over there?
Can you see Mt. Fuji from here?
Can you see Sami?
Can you see Tom and me?
Can you see Tom right now?
Can you see Tom well?
Can you see Tom working in a garage?
Can you see Tom's boat?
Can you see Tom's car?
Can you see Tom?
Can you see a big book?
Can you see a sail on the horizon?
Can you see a ship on the horizon?
Can you see an owl eating a delicious sewer rat over there? That's me.
Can you see another exit?
Can you see any difference between the two?
Can you see any difference between these?
Can you see any differences?
Can you see any seagulls flying over the beach?
Can you see anybody?
Can you see anyone else?
Can you see anyone inside?
Can you see anyone?
Can you see anything at all in the dark?
Can you see anything at all there?
Can you see anything else?
Can you see anything from there?
Can you see anything in there?
Can you see anything missing?
Can you see anything out there?
Can you see anything over there?
Can you see anything that might be causing the problem?
Can you see anything up there?
Can you see anything without your glasses?
Can you see anything?
Can you see far?
Can you see fish swimming in the water?
Can you see her moving?
Can you see her right now?
Can you see her?
Can you see him moving?
Can you see him right now?
Can you see him?
Can you see him? Who's he with?
Can you see how it works?
Can you see in the darkness of the night?
Can you see in this light?
Can you see it too?
Can you see it well?
Can you see it, too?
Can you see it?
Can you see me after supper?
Can you see me at my office at 2:30?
Can you see me from there?
Can you see me?
Can you see my father?
Can you see my ribs?
Can you see over the wall?
Can you see something red down below?
Can you see that Tom gets home?
Can you see that flickering light?
Can you see that he's happy?
Can you see that house over there?
Can you see that house over there? That's where Tom lives.
Can you see that large book?
Can you see that mountain with the snow-covered peak?
Can you see that over there?
Can you see that signpost there?
Can you see that small house?
Can you see that?
Can you see the Big Dipper?
Can you see the TV from there?
Can you see the bear?
Can you see the big white building over there?
Can you see the blackboard?
Can you see the bridge from where you are?
Can you see the cat?
Can you see the difference already?
Can you see the difference between these two pictures?
Can you see the difference?
Can you see the eclipse from your location?
Can you see the gopher? No? Neither can I. But he's here!
Can you see the house now?
Can you see the incredible?
Can you see the invisible man?
Can you see the irony in this situation?
Can you see the light breaking through?
Can you see the light switch?
Can you see the light through the darkness?
Can you see the menu bar at the top of the screen?
Can you see the mosque?
Can you see the mountain peak covered with snow?
Can you see the mountains?
Can you see the nest in the tree?
Can you see the ocean from your bedroom window?
Can you see the people in the park?
Can you see the picture?
Can you see the rainbow above the trees?
Can you see the rainbow outside the window?
Can you see the scratches on the windshield?
Can you see the snow-topped mountain?
Can you see the sparrow?
Can you see the squirrels?
Can you see the stars out there in space?
Can you see the stars through the clouds?
Can you see the stars tonight?
Can you see the toolbar at the bottom of the screen?
Can you see the truth in silence?
Can you see the two bends?
Can you see the windshield bullseye from the inside?
Can you see the woman standing behind Tom? That's Mary.
Can you see them right now?
Can you see them?
Can you see this?
Can you see those mountains?
Can you see those people in the park?
Can you see those red dressing gowns hanging up over there?
Can you see through the eyes of Player2?
Can you see through the peephole in the door?
Can you see what Tom did?
Can you see what Tom is doing?
Can you see what they're doing?
Can you see what to do next?
Can you see what's going on out there?
Can you see what's happening?
Can you see what's missing?
Can you see what's on my screen?
Can you see what's wrong with this picture?
Can you see where I'm coming from?
Can you see where Tom and Mary are now?
Can you see where Tom is now?
Can you see where this leads?
Can you see who that is?
Can you see who's coming to our house?
Can you see who's driving the car?
Can you see without your glasses?
Can you see your brother's garden?
Can you see your own mistake?
Can you see yourself marrying Tom?
Can you see yourself marrying her?
Can you see yourself marrying him?
Can you see?
Can you sell it to me?
Can you sell me a drum?
Can you sell the book to me for 500 yen?
Can you send it to New York?
Can you send it to me?
Can you send it with a mallet?
Can you send me a picture of it?
Can you send me a screenshot?
Can you send me her phone number?
Can you send me some cash? I've just come out of prison and I want to go see Mom.
Can you send me that photo?
Can you send me the dimensions?
Can you send me the pictures that you took yesterday?
Can you send me the pictures you took yesterday?
Can you send me this letter?
Can you send me your meatloaf recipe?
Can you send me your notes?
Can you send someone to fix it as soon as possible?
Can you send that by email?
Can you send the bellboy up?
Can you send the money today?
Can you send these for me?
Can you send this letter to Japan?
Can you send those for me?
Can you send us a brochure?
Can you send us an email detailing the problem?
Can you set a reminder on your phone?
Can you set my account to admin, please? There's a few modifications I need to make.
Can you set the table?
Can you set this poem to music?
Can you set up Wi-Fi in the apartment?
Can you set up the bike?
Can you set up the tables?
Can you settle this?
Can you sew a button on this shirt for me, please?
Can you sew a button on?
Can you sew on a button?
Can you sew on these buttons for me?
Can you sew this button on for me?
Can you sew without using a needle?
Can you share any memorable language learning experiences from your travels?
Can you share any stories of successfully using your language skills to help others?
Can you share any strategies for improving language pronunciation?
Can you share any techniques for developing language fluency in a short amount of time?
Can you share any techniques for developing language skills in a limited time frame?
Can you share any techniques for improving language comprehension in fast-paced conversations?
Can you share any techniques for maintaining motivation in long-term language learning?
Can you share any tips for effective language learning?
Can you share any tips for learning languages more efficiently?
Can you share any tips for overcoming language learning plateaus?
Can you share food with others in the face of famine?
Can you share tips for self-discovery?
Can you share your story?
Can you share your vision of a perfect date?
Can you shed any light on this?
Can you shed light on that?
Can you shed light on this?
Can you shield me from this?
Can you ship it to New York City?
Can you shoot straight?
Can you show Tom how you did that?
Can you show it to me tomorrow?
Can you show it to me?
Can you show it to us?
Can you show me Algeria on the map?
Can you show me another magic trick?
Can you show me another one?
Can you show me another room?
Can you show me another way to do this?
Can you show me any evidence for your statement?
Can you show me around the school?
Can you show me around town?
Can you show me around?
Can you show me how I should go home?
Can you show me how that works?
Can you show me how this works?
Can you show me how to cook this dish?
Can you show me how to do it?
Can you show me how to do that job?
Can you show me how to do that?
Can you show me how to do this?
Can you show me how to get there?
Can you show me how to make a paper bird? I forgot how.
Can you show me how to make coffee cake?
Can you show me how to make it?
Can you show me how to remove this ivy?
Can you show me how to repair windshield scratches?
Can you show me how to solve this math problem?
Can you show me how to tie a tie?
Can you show me how to tie this belt?
Can you show me how to use microfilm?
Can you show me how to use the washing machine?
Can you show me how to use your laptop's shortcut keys?
Can you show me on the map?
Can you show me one more time?
Can you show me something else?
Can you show me that book?
Can you show me that on the map?
Can you show me that picture?
Can you show me that place on a map?
Can you show me the definition?
Can you show me the horse?
Can you show me the house?
Can you show me the list of prices?
Can you show me the way please?
Can you show me the way to a bus stop, please?
Can you show me the way to the aquarium?
Can you show me the way to the gym?
Can you show me the way to the train station?
Can you show me the way to the zoo?
Can you show me the way?
Can you show me the word in the dictionary?
Can you show me this skirt please?
Can you show me those pictures?
Can you show me where I am on this map?
Can you show me where Tom Jackson's office is?
Can you show me where Tom lives?
Can you show me where Tom's office is?
Can you show me where the bathroom is?
Can you show me where you live on this map?
Can you show me your boarding pass?
Can you show me your new car?
Can you show me your painting from yesterday?
Can you show me your phone's features?
Can you show me your record collection?
Can you show me?
Can you show them to me?
Can you show us how to do that?
Can you show us the house?
Can you show your work?
Can you shut down your computer before leaving?
Can you shut the door on your way out?
Can you shut the door, please?
Can you shut up for a minute?
Can you shut up?
Can you sight read?
Can you sign here?
Can you sign my ball?
Can you sign this birthday card?
Can you sign this?
Can you sign your name here?
Can you simplify the jargon for me?
Can you sing "Happy Birthday" in French?
Can you sing a song for everyone?
Can you sing any American folk songs?
Can you sing any Christmas carols in French?
Can you sing any songs in French?
Can you sing for us?
Can you sing the Argentine National Anthem?
Can you sing the Canadian National Anthem?
Can you sing the song?
Can you sing this song?
Can you sing us a song?
Can you sing?
Can you sit for the exam next week?
Can you sit in the Lotus position?
Can you sit in the back?
Can you sit like Ziri is sitting?
Can you sit on the floor and stand back up without using either your arms or your knees?
Can you sit on the floor without using your hands?
Can you sit there?
Can you sit through the duration?
Can you sit up?
Can you skate in those shoes?
Can you skate?
Can you sketch it for me on this piece of paper please?
Can you ski as well as Tom can?
Can you ski as well as Tom?
Can you ski well?
Can you ski?
Can you skip me?
Can you skip the intro?
Can you skip?
Can you sleep in such danger?
Can you sleep on airplanes?
Can you sleep?
Can you slice the cake into small pieces?
Can you slice up the cheese?
Can you slide in those shoes?
Can you slide the belt through the loops?
Can you slip the belt through the belt loops?
Can you slow down a little?
Can you slow down a minute?
Can you smell anything?
Can you smell it?
Can you smell smoke?
Can you smell something?
Can you smell that?
Can you smell the fresh air in the forest?
Can you smell the ocean?
Can you smoke here?
Can you snap your fingers?
Can you solve a Rubik's Cube?
Can you solve it?
Can you solve the mind-body problem?
Can you solve the problem by yourself?
Can you solve the puzzle?
Can you solve these puzzles?
Can you solve this problem?
Can you solve this puzzle?
Can you spare a buck?
Can you spare a cigarette?
Can you spare a few minutes?
Can you spare a minute of your time? There's something I want to ask.
Can you spare a minute?
Can you spare a minute? I'd like to discuss something of importance to both of us.
Can you spare a minute? I’d like to discuss something of importance to both of us.
Can you spare a moment?
Can you spare a muffin for me?
Can you spare five minutes?
Can you spare me a couple of minutes?
Can you spare me a few liters of petrol?
Can you spare me a few minutes of your time?
Can you spare me a few minutes of your valuable time?
Can you spare me a few minutes?
Can you spare me a few minutes? I need your help.
Can you spare me a few minutes? I'd like to have a word with you.
Can you spare me a few minutes? I’d like to have a word with you.
Can you spare some change?
Can you speak Ainu?
Can you speak Berber for us?
Can you speak Chinese well?
Can you speak Chinese?
Can you speak English at all?
Can you speak English fluently?
Can you speak English?
Can you speak Esperanto?
Can you speak French and English?
Can you speak French as well as Tom does?
Can you speak French as well as you speak English?
Can you speak French at all?
Can you speak French like Tom?
Can you speak French like her?
Can you speak French like him?
Can you speak French well?
Can you speak French, please?
Can you speak French, too?
Can you speak French?
Can you speak German?
Can you speak Indonesian?
Can you speak Japanese, too?
Can you speak Japanese?
Can you speak Klingon?
Can you speak Kurdish?
Can you speak Low German?
Can you speak Mandarin?
Can you speak Navajo?
Can you speak Pig Latin?
Can you speak Polish?
Can you speak Russian?
Can you speak Shanghainese?
Can you speak Silesian?
Can you speak Toki Pona?
Can you speak Turkmen?
Can you speak Uyghur?
Can you speak a language other than English?
Can you speak a little about yourself?
Can you speak a little louder, please?
Can you speak a little slower please?
Can you speak a little slower?
Can you speak about anything else but Tom?
Can you speak another language?
Can you speak any Native American language?
Can you speak any foreign languages?
Can you speak any language other than French?
Can you speak any other languages besides Berber?
Can you speak any other languages?
Can you speak both French and English?
Can you speak either Chinese or Russian?
Can you speak either French or English?
Can you speak faster?
Can you speak freely in France?
Can you speak in Berber?
Can you speak in Santali?
Can you speak louder, please?
Can you speak louder?
Can you speak more clearly?
Can you speak more slowly please?
Can you speak more slowly, please?
Can you speak more slowly?
Can you speak more than three languages?
Can you speak more than two languages?
Can you speak my language?
Can you speak slower please?
Can you speak slower, please?
Can you speak slower?
Can you speak slowly, please?
Can you speak slowly?
Can you speak the Na'vi language?
Can you speak up?
Can you speak up? I don't hear you.
Can you speak up? I don't understand you.
Can you speak?
Can you spell "Massachusetts"?
Can you spell "bat?"
Can you spell it for me?
Can you spell it out?
Can you spell it?
Can you spell that for me, please?
Can you spell that for me?
Can you spell that, please?
Can you spell that?
Can you spell this Berber word?
Can you spell your last name for me?
Can you spell your name for me?
Can you spend a little time helping us clean up the park?
Can you spin a basketball on your fingertip?
Can you spot Tom in this picture?
Can you spot me ten euros?
Can you spot me?
Can you spot words of Latin origin in this sentence?
Can you spread the frosting evenly on the cake?
Can you sprinkle crushed nuts on top of the cake?
Can you sprint in those shoes?
Can you spy the cat among the pigeons?
Can you squeeze me in?
Can you squeeze me into your busy schedule?
Can you stall Tom till I get there?
Can you stand his deeds?
Can you stand on one foot?
Can you stand on one leg for a minute with your eyes shut?
Can you stand on the scale, please?
Can you stand on your hands?
Can you stand on your head for more than three minutes?
Can you stand on your head?
Can you stand the pain?
Can you stand the summer heat in Nagoya?
Can you stand up from the floor without using your hands?
Can you stand up, please?
Can you stand up?
Can you stand?
Can you start a fire?
Can you start again from bar thirty?
Can you start from the beginning?
Can you start out by telling us a little bit about yourself?
Can you start over again?
Can you start over?
Can you start today?
Can you start tomorrow?
Can you state the facts to his face?
Can you stay a bit longer?
Can you stay a few more hours?
Can you stay a little longer?
Can you stay a minute?
Can you stay a while longer?
Can you stay and watch the children?
Can you stay around for a while?
Can you stay awake?
Can you stay for a bit?
Can you stay for a few days?
Can you stay for a moment?
Can you stay for a while?
Can you stay for dinner?
Can you stay for lunch?
Can you stay for supper?
Can you stay home alone?
Can you stay in Australia for a while?
Can you stay in Boston for a while?
Can you stay in the cold?
Can you stay long?
Can you stay till 2:30?
Can you stay till Monday?
Can you stay with Tom?
Can you stay with her?
Can you stay with him?
Can you stay with me?
Can you stay with them?
Can you stay with us?
Can you stay?
Can you step outside, please, sir?
Can you step this way?
Can you still afford to do that?
Can you still buy mercury thermometers?
Can you still climb a tree?
Can you still do a handstand?
Can you still do it?
Can you still do that as well as you used to?
Can you still do that by yourself?
Can you still do that for Tom?
Can you still do that for me?
Can you still do that?
Can you still drive a car?
Can you still drive me home?
Can you still drive?
Can you still eat food that's fallen on the floor?
Can you still eat mouldy bread?
Can you still fly an airplane?
Can you still get COVID if you're fully vaccinated?
Can you still get Tom to help?
Can you still hear Tom?
Can you still hear me?
Can you still hear that?
Can you still hear them?
Can you still help Tom?
Can you still help me do that?
Can you still help me fix that?
Can you still help me?
Can you still help us?
Can you still make Tom laugh?
Can you still make Tom smile?
Can you still make it on time?
Can you still meet tonight?
Can you still move your legs?
Can you still play golf as well as you used to?
Can you still play tennis?
Can you still play the accordion?
Can you still protect us?
Can you still reach the ceiling?
Can you still remember her?
Can you still remember it?
Can you still remember that?
Can you still remember the time that we first met?
Can you still remember the time we first met?
Can you still remember them?
Can you still remember when we first met?
Can you still remember where we first met?
Can you still ride a bicycle?
Can you still ride a horse?
Can you still see Tom's boat?
Can you still see Tom?
Can you still see him?
Can you still see me?
Can you still see the bullseye in the windshield?
Can you still see the wine stain on my sleeve?
Can you still skate?
Can you still ski well?
Can you still squeeze me in?
Can you still stay with Tom?
Can you still swim?
Can you still throw a slumber party when you're 25 years old?
Can you still touch the ceiling?
Can you still touch your toes?
Can you still walk?
Can you still work as many hours a day as you used to?
Can you stop Tom?
Can you stop a minute?
Can you stop annoying me?
Can you stop at that rest stop?
Can you stop bothering us? We're busy working! Now, shoo!
Can you stop bringing that up?
Can you stop bugging me for a second?
Can you stop by on your way home?
Can you stop by the store on your way home and buy some milk?
Can you stop by the store on your way home from work?
Can you stop by the store on your way home?
Can you stop by tomorrow?
Can you stop calling me that?
Can you stop chewing gum so loudly?
Can you stop chewing with your mouth open?
Can you stop complaining?
Can you stop doing that?
Can you stop fidgeting?
Can you stop for a minute?
Can you stop her?
Can you stop hiding in the toilet to play games?
Can you stop him?
Can you stop it?
Can you stop kicking my seat?
Can you stop pestering me? Just because I forgot our wedding anniversary.
Can you stop pestering your brother?
Can you stop snapping your gum?
Can you stop standing behind me and looking at my hair whorl?
Can you stop talking loudly on the phone at night?
Can you stop talking please?
Can you stop tapping your foot?
Can you stop them?
Can you stop this?
Can you stop with the complaining?
Can you stop with the pacing?
Can you stop yelling?
Can you stop?
Can you store figs at room temperature?
Can you study English together with me next Monday night at 20:00?
Can you study Lao together with me in the evening of July 16 at 20:00?
Can you substantiate that claim?
Can you subtract six from ten?
Can you sugar frost it for starters?
Can you suggest a better idea?
Can you suggest a better way to do this?
Can you suggest a good dictionary to me?
Can you suggest a good place to eat?
Can you suggest a good travel blog or website for tips?
Can you suggest a good travel camera for photography?
Can you suggest a good travel hammock for relaxation?
Can you suggest a good travel insurance provider?
Can you suggest a good travel itinerary?
Can you suggest a solution?
Can you suggest another solution?
Can you suggest any other possible solutions?
Can you suggest anyone for the job?
Can you suggest me a good tavern?
Can you suggest some titles?
Can you suggest something else?
Can you suggest something that may be more useful?
Can you suggest ways I might be able to earn money?
Can you suggest ways I might be able to earn more money?
Can you summarize what you understood?
Can you summarize?
Can you supply me with all I need?
Can you supply me with everything I need?
Can you supply me with what I need?
Can you support me?
Can you survive on your salary?
Can you survive this?
Can you swallow all these pills at the same time?
Can you swear in Berber?
Can you swear in French?
Can you swim across the river?
Can you swim across this river?
Can you swim across?
Can you swim as fast as he can?
Can you swim as fast as he?
Can you swim as well as Tom?
Can you swim at all?
Can you swim like Tom?
Can you swim like her?
Can you swim like him?
Can you swim like them?
Can you swim one hundred meters?
Can you swim to the other side of the river?
Can you swim underwater?
Can you swim well?
Can you swim?
Can you switch on the radio, please?
Can you switch the radio on, please?
Can you switch the telly off?
Can you take Jim to the airport?
Can you take Monday off?
Can you take Tom to school?
Can you take Tom to the airport?
Can you take Tom to the hospital?
Can you take a break?
Can you take a few of your things out of the cupboard so that I've got room for mine?
Can you take a hit?
Can you take a little break?
Can you take a look at this for me?
Can you take a photo of me and my dog?
Can you take a photo of us?
Can you take a picture of me?
Can you take a picture of us during the picnic?
Can you take a picture of us?
Can you take a picture?
Can you take care of me?
Can you take care of my dog while I'm away?
Can you take care of the children for a moment?
Can you take care of the kids for a moment?
Can you take care of the stegosaurus while I'm on vacation?
Can you take his place, Leo?
Can you take me back home?
Can you take me home now?
Can you take me home?
Can you take me there?
Can you take me to Boston with you?
Can you take me to Tom?
Can you take me to her?
Can you take me to him?
Can you take me to the airport please?
Can you take me to the airport, please?
Can you take me to the airport?
Can you take me to the cinema?
Can you take me to the museum on Tuesday?
Can you take me to them?
Can you take me to this address?
Can you take me to your chieftain?
Can you take me when you go to the office tomorrow?
Can you take me with you on the plane?
Can you take me with you?
Can you take me?
Can you take my dad to the airport?
Can you take my dog for a walk?
Can you take my sister to the airport?
Can you take notes for me during the professor's talk?
Can you take notes for me during the professor’s talk?
Can you take notes over the phone?
Can you take notes?
Can you take on the job?
Can you take our picture?
Can you take out the garbage?
Can you take out the trash?
Can you take over driving for a while?
Can you take over for me?
Can you take over here?
Can you take over the driving for a while?
Can you take over?
Can you take pictures in this building?
Can you take pictures in this house?
Can you take some of your stuff out of the cupboard so that I've got room for mine?
Can you take that chance?
Can you take that risk?
Can you take the children to the park?
Can you take the dog to the vet?
Can you take the kids to the zoo?
Can you take the lid off this box?
Can you take the red eye?
Can you take this box up for me?
Can you take this call for me?
Can you take this letter and drop it in the mailbox?
Can you take this stuff with you?
Can you take this, please?
Can you take this?
Can you take tomorrow off?
Can you take us there?
Can you take us to Tom right now?
Can you take us to Tom?
Can you take us to the British Museum?
Can you take us with you?
Can you take your brother to his room and get him dressed?
Can you take your seat, sir?
Can you take your stuff off the table?
Can you take your things off the table?
Can you talk a little bit about that?
Can you talk about anything else but Tom?
Can you talk about that a little?
Can you talk louder? I didn't hear you.
Can you talk louder? I didn’t hear you.
Can you talk more slowly?
Can you talk to Tom about this?
Can you talk to Tom?
Can you talk to her?
Can you talk to him?
Can you talk to me while I do the dishes and keep me company?
Can you talk to me?
Can you talk to them?
Can you talk via Skype tonight?
Can you talk?
Can you talk? Who did this to you?
Can you tango?
Can you taste the garlic?
Can you taste the ginger?
Can you taste the salty air at the beach?
Can you taste what is missing?
Can you teach French?
Can you teach me Berber swearwords?
Can you teach me Berber?
Can you teach me Dutch?
Can you teach me English?
Can you teach me French?
Can you teach me Lao next Wednesday night at 20:00 Laos time?
Can you teach me Portuguese?
Can you teach me how to apologize in French?
Can you teach me how to cook that recipe?
Can you teach me how to defend myself?
Can you teach me how to do somersaults?
Can you teach me how to do that?
Can you teach me how to drive?
Can you teach me how to fight?
Can you teach me how to fly?
Can you teach me how to play a ukulele?
Can you teach me how to play chess?
Can you teach me how to play golf?
Can you teach me how to play guitar?
Can you teach me how to play that song?
Can you teach me how to play the bagpipes?
Can you teach me how to play the guitar like you do?
Can you teach me how to play the guitar?
Can you teach me how to remove windshield scratches?
Can you teach me how to ride a bicycle?
Can you teach me how to ride a horse?
Can you teach me how to skateboard?
Can you teach me how to steal?
Can you teach me how to swear in Berber?
Can you teach me how to swear in French?
Can you teach me how to swim?
Can you teach me how to talk to a girl?
Can you teach me how to use the washing machine?
Can you teach me some French words?
Can you teach me some words in French?
Can you teach me that trick?
Can you teach me to fight?
Can you teach me to fly?
Can you teach me to play chess?
Can you teach me?
Can you teach the children how to read?
Can you teach the children how to swim?
Can you teach the kids how to swim?
Can you tell Jane and her twin sister apart?
Can you tell Jane from her twin sister?
Can you tell Tom I called?
Can you tell Tom I'm here?
Can you tell Tom and John apart?
Can you tell Tom from his twin brother?
Can you tell Tom how you did that?
Can you tell Tom that I called?
Can you tell Tom that I dropped by?
Can you tell Tom that I'll call him later?
Can you tell Tom that I'm here?
Can you tell Tom to be quiet?
Can you tell Tom to call back?
Can you tell Tom to call me?
Can you tell Tom to stop doing that?
Can you tell a Chinese person from Japanese?
Can you tell a duck from a goose?
Can you tell a goat from sheep?
Can you tell a sheep from a goat?
Can you tell a stoat and a weasel apart just by looking at them?
Can you tell an alligator from a crocodile?
Can you tell barley and wheat apart by just quickly looking at it?
Can you tell barley from wheat at first sight?
Can you tell barley from wheat?
Can you tell briefly about the book?
Can you tell butter from margarine?
Can you tell edible and poisonous mushrooms apart?
Can you tell green from blue?
Can you tell her to call back?
Can you tell him from his brother?
Can you tell him from his twin brother?
Can you tell him something good about me?
Can you tell him to call back?
Can you tell if it will rain tomorrow?
Can you tell if it'll rain tomorrow?
Can you tell if this is Tom's?
Can you tell me a bit more about that?
Can you tell me a little about yourself?
Can you tell me a little bit about yourself?
Can you tell me about Tom?
Can you tell me about her?
Can you tell me about him?
Can you tell me about it?
Can you tell me about that conversation?
Can you tell me about them?
Can you tell me about what happened?
Can you tell me about your favorite childhood memory?
Can you tell me about your job?
Can you tell me about your marital status?
Can you tell me about your project?
Can you tell me about yourself?
Can you tell me again why you were late?
Can you tell me anything about Tom?
Can you tell me anything about what happened to Tom?
Can you tell me anything about what's going to happen here today?
Can you tell me anything else about that?
Can you tell me anything else?
Can you tell me exactly what Tom did?
Can you tell me exactly what happened?
Can you tell me exactly what has to be done?
Can you tell me exactly what needs to be done?
Can you tell me exactly what you did?
Can you tell me exactly what you have to do?
Can you tell me exactly what you need to do?
Can you tell me exactly what you really want?
Can you tell me exactly what you saw?
Can you tell me exactly what you tried to do?
Can you tell me exactly what you want to do?
Can you tell me exactly what you're trying to do?
Can you tell me how I can get downtown?
Can you tell me how I can get to the post office?
Can you tell me how it happened?
Can you tell me how long Tom has had this guitar?
Can you tell me how long Tom has had this?
Can you tell me how much a ticket costs?
Can you tell me how much you paid for that?
Can you tell me how old Tom is?
Can you tell me how this compares to that?
Can you tell me how this happened?
Can you tell me how to conjugate a verb?
Can you tell me how to do that?
Can you tell me how to do this?
Can you tell me how to fill in this form?
Can you tell me how to get there?
Can you tell me how to get to Hyde Park?
Can you tell me how to get to Lincoln Center?
Can you tell me how to get to the American Embassy?
Can you tell me how to get to the Hilton Hotel?
Can you tell me how to get to the airport?
Can you tell me how to get to the art museum?
Can you tell me how to get to the beach?
Can you tell me how to get to the city hall?
Can you tell me how to get to the library?
Can you tell me how to get to the nearest station?
Can you tell me how to get to the station?
Can you tell me how to get to the town centre?
Can you tell me how to get to the train station?
Can you tell me how to get to the zoo?
Can you tell me how to make it?
Can you tell me how to say "yes" in Berber?
Can you tell me how you completed all your work at a time your course load was very heavy?
Can you tell me how you did it?
Can you tell me how you did that?
Can you tell me how you found out Tom did that?
Can you tell me how you found out that Dan was unfaithful?
Can you tell me how you found out that Tom and Mary weren't at school today?
Can you tell me how you found out that Tom did that?
Can you tell me how you found out that Tom wasn't at school today?
Can you tell me how you found out what Tom did?
Can you tell me how you get to the American Embassy?
Can you tell me how you got here?
Can you tell me how?
Can you tell me if this is true?
Can you tell me if you love your darling?
Can you tell me in what year this building was built?
Can you tell me instead, why the planets on the screen are coloured the way they are?
Can you tell me more about Boston?
Can you tell me more about Tom?
Can you tell me more about her?
Can you tell me more about him?
Can you tell me more about it?
Can you tell me more about that?
Can you tell me more about the person you saw?
Can you tell me more about them?
Can you tell me more about this place and what you do here?
Can you tell me more about your business?
Can you tell me more about your culture?
Can you tell me more about your family?
Can you tell me more about your job?
Can you tell me more?
Can you tell me my future?
Can you tell me on which floor I can find Khalifa Contracting Company?
Can you tell me on which floor Tom lives?
Can you tell me that man's name?
Can you tell me the WiFi password?
Can you tell me the art of recognizing matsutake mushrooms?
Can you tell me the balance on my account?
Can you tell me the code for Paris, please?
Can you tell me the exact time, please?
Can you tell me the make of the kidnapper's car?
Can you tell me the meaning of this anecdote?
Can you tell me the name of any woman whose initials are L. L.?
Can you tell me the size of your manhood?
Can you tell me the time, please?
Can you tell me the time?
Can you tell me the way to the bank?
Can you tell me the way to the library?
Can you tell me the way to the nearest post office?
Can you tell me the way to the station?
Can you tell me their titles?
Can you tell me tomorrow's schedule?
Can you tell me what I did wrong?
Can you tell me what I need to do?
Can you tell me what I should be looking for?
Can you tell me what I should do?
Can you tell me what I'm meant to be looking for?
Can you tell me what I'm missing here?
Can you tell me what I'm supposed to be looking for?
Can you tell me what Tom did?
Can you tell me what Tom said?
Can you tell me what a woman is?
Can you tell me what day it is today?
Can you tell me what day of the week this is?
Can you tell me what happened here?
Can you tell me what happened to Tom?
Can you tell me what happened?
Can you tell me what has to be done?
Can you tell me what he said?
Can you tell me what is happening?
Can you tell me what is the exact amount?
Can you tell me what it feels like to be a Muslim?
Can you tell me what it is I'm supposed to be looking for?
Can you tell me what it is about?
Can you tell me what it is we're looking for?
Can you tell me what it is?
Can you tell me what it means?
Can you tell me what it's about?
Can you tell me what needs to be done?
Can you tell me what possessed you to do that?
Can you tell me what she said?
Can you tell me what size this is?
Can you tell me what that is?
Can you tell me what that man's name is?
Can you tell me what that means?
Can you tell me what that was about?
Can you tell me what the capital of Australia is?
Can you tell me what the capital of Texas is?
Can you tell me what the major sources of conflict in organisations are?
Can you tell me what the temperature is down there at the moment?
Can you tell me what the thief looked like?
Can you tell me what the zip code is for New York?
Can you tell me what this is about?
Can you tell me what this is for?
Can you tell me what this is?
Can you tell me what this means?
Can you tell me what this says?
Can you tell me what this symbol means?
Can you tell me what this word in Esperanto means?
Can you tell me what this word means?
Can you tell me what time it is in your country?
Can you tell me what time it is?
Can you tell me what to do?
Can you tell me what to look for?
Can you tell me what was going on in your mind?
Can you tell me what we're looking for?
Can you tell me what will happen in the future?
Can you tell me what year this place was built?
Can you tell me what you call this?
Can you tell me what you have to do?
Can you tell me what you have?
Can you tell me what you mean by that?
Can you tell me what you need to do?
Can you tell me what you saw?
Can you tell me what you think about this proposal?
Can you tell me what you tried to do?
Can you tell me what you want to do?
Can you tell me what you're doing here?
Can you tell me what you're doing?
Can you tell me what you're talking about?
Can you tell me what you're thinking about?
Can you tell me what you're trying to do?
Can you tell me what you've learned?
Can you tell me what's bothering you?
Can you tell me what's going on here?
Can you tell me what's going on in there?
Can you tell me what's going on?
Can you tell me what's happening in the picture?
Can you tell me what's happening?
Can you tell me what's in the picture?
Can you tell me what's on your mind?
Can you tell me what's wrong with Tom?
Can you tell me what's wrong?
Can you tell me when I can have the results of the test?
Can you tell me when Tom got his driver's license?
Can you tell me when Tom will be back?
Can you tell me when Tom'll be back?
Can you tell me when the next bus will arrive?
Can you tell me when to switch the machine off?
Can you tell me when you're planning to do that?
Can you tell me where I am on this map?
Can you tell me where I am?
Can you tell me where I can find Tom?
Can you tell me where I can find a guest house?
Can you tell me where I can find a hospital?
Can you tell me where I might find Tom?
Can you tell me where I should put this?
Can you tell me where Main Street is?
Can you tell me where Park Street is?
Can you tell me where Tom and Mary are?
Can you tell me where Tom and Mary live?
Can you tell me where Tom is?
Can you tell me where Tom lives?
Can you tell me where Tom went?
Can you tell me where Tom's office is?
Can you tell me where can I find this street?
Can you tell me where it is?
Can you tell me where the Canadian consulate is?
Can you tell me where the Canadian embassy is?
Can you tell me where the church is? I have to speak with the priest.
Can you tell me where the flea market is?
Can you tell me where the headmaster's office is?
Can you tell me where the nearest antique shop is?
Can you tell me where the nearest bus stop is?
Can you tell me where the nearest church is?
Can you tell me where the nearest coffee shop is?
Can you tell me where the nearest courtesy phone is?
Can you tell me where the nearest gas station is?
Can you tell me where the nearest hotel service phone is?
Can you tell me where the nearest pay phone is?
Can you tell me where the nearest petrol station is?
Can you tell me where the nearest zoo is?
Can you tell me where the polling station is?
Can you tell me where the post office is?
Can you tell me where the principal's office is?
Can you tell me where the railway station is, please?
Can you tell me where the restroom is?
Can you tell me where the restrooms are?
Can you tell me where the station is?
Can you tell me where the subway entrance is?
Can you tell me where the train station is?
Can you tell me where the zoo is?
Can you tell me where to buy tickets?
Can you tell me where to find Tom?
Can you tell me where to put my umbrella?
Can you tell me where to put this?
Can you tell me where we're going?
Can you tell me where you are nowadays?
Can you tell me where you are right now?
Can you tell me where you are?
Can you tell me where you learned how to do that?
Can you tell me where you learned that?
Can you tell me where you learned this?
Can you tell me where you learnt that?
Can you tell me where you live?
Can you tell me where you were at the time of the murder?
Can you tell me where you're going?
Can you tell me where your room is?
Can you tell me where's the nearest payphone?
Can you tell me which bus or train I can take to get to the town centre?
Can you tell me which button to press?
Can you tell me which medication are you taking daily?
Can you tell me which way Tom went?
Can you tell me which way to go?
Can you tell me who I need to talk to?
Can you tell me who drew this picture?
Can you tell me who is coming tonight?
Can you tell me who is going to come tonight?
Can you tell me who paid my rent for me?
Can you tell me who painted this picture?
Can you tell me who sold them to you?
Can you tell me who the admin of this group is?
Can you tell me who they are?
Can you tell me who this man is?
Can you tell me who's coming tonight?
Can you tell me who's going to come tonight?
Can you tell me whose books these are?
Can you tell me why Tom and Mary are doing that?
Can you tell me why Tom and Mary are in Boston?
Can you tell me why Tom and Mary aren't here?
Can you tell me why Tom and Mary don't do that?
Can you tell me why Tom and Mary haven't done that?
Can you tell me why Tom came back to Australia?
Can you tell me why Tom came back to Boston?
Can you tell me why Tom did that?
Can you tell me why Tom didn't do that?
Can you tell me why Tom doesn't do that?
Can you tell me why Tom hasn't done that?
Can you tell me why Tom is doing that?
Can you tell me why Tom is in Australia?
Can you tell me why Tom is in Boston?
Can you tell me why Tom isn't here?
Can you tell me why that happened?
Can you tell me why that's true?
Can you tell me why they are so glad?
Can you tell me why this might be?
Can you tell me why we need to do this?
Can you tell me why you asked?
Can you tell me why you did it?
Can you tell me why you did that?
Can you tell me why you didn't do that?
Can you tell me why you don't want to do that?
Can you tell me why you hate Tom?
Can you tell me why you hired Tom?
Can you tell me why you like Tom?
Can you tell me why you like her?
Can you tell me why you like him?
Can you tell me why you love him?
Can you tell me why you think so?
Can you tell me why you think that that's true?
Can you tell me why you think that's true?
Can you tell me why you want to do that?
Can you tell me why you want to work for us?
