How about a smoke?
How about a snack?
How about a song?
How about a steam bath?
How about a threesome?
How about a walk on the beach?
How about a walk?
How about a warm cup of tea to relax, my darling neko?
How about a warm cup of tea?
How about adding a little bit more salt?
How about adding a touch of pepper?
How about adding some Worcestershire sauce?
How about another beer?
How about another cup of coffee?
How about another glass of wine?
How about another piece of cake?
How about another piece of pie, Tom?
How about another piece of pie?
How about another round?
How about around 3:00 p.m. on February 28th?
How about asking Tom?
How about asking her to join our trip abroad?
How about at three o'clock?
How about building more outposts?
How about calling it a day?
How about changing the baby's nappy?
How about checking with Tom?
How about coming with us?
How about consulting a doctor and getting sedatives prescribed?
How about cup of tea or something, if you aren't in a hurry?
How about cup of tea or something, if you aren’t in a hurry?
How about dining out for a change?
How about dining out tonight?
How about dinner this weekend?
How about dinner tomorrow night?
How about dinner?
How about doing a bit of research on your own before asking for help?
How about doing that Monday night?
How about doing that again?
How about doing that later?
How about doing that now?
How about doing that on Monday?
How about doing that together?
How about doing that tomorrow?
How about doing that while we wait?
How about donating some blood?
How about dropping in at the shop?
How about eating out this evening for a change?
How about eating out this evening?
How about eating out this morning for a change?
How about eating out tonight?
How about eating out with me?
How about eating supper outside this evening?
How about eating together?
How about filming in Siberia? The snow and the forests make for a great setting.
How about firing Tom instead of me?
How about for tomorrow?
How about getting Tom a cold drink?
How about getting me another glass of wine?
How about getting some coffee?
How about getting the special of the day?
How about getting together on Monday night?
How about giving me a promotion from just-a-friend to boyfriend?
How about going fishing with me?
How about going for a drive to Lake Yamanaka with us tomorrow?
How about going for a drive?
How about going for a jog?
How about going for a swim this weekend?
How about going for a swim?
How about going for a walk after lunch?
How about going for a walk?
How about going on a family outing to the woods today?
How about going on a picnic?
How about going out for a drink after work?
How about going out for a walk after dinner?
How about going out for a walk?
How about going out for dinner?
How about going out for lunch?
How about going out to eat tonight?
How about going out tonight?
How about going steady with me?
How about going surfing at Hayama next Sunday if it is fine?
How about going swimming?
How about going to a disco this weekend?
How about going to a movie tonight?
How about going to a movie?
How about going to a sushi bar right now?
How about going to see a film with me?
How about going to see a movie tonight?
How about going to see a movie with me?
How about going to see the game?
How about going to the beach tomorrow?
How about going to the beach?
How about going to the cinema?
How about going to the movie tonight?
How about going to the movie?
How about going to the movies on Saturday?
How about going to the movies tonight?
How about going to the movies?
How about hanging out together tonight?
How about having a barbecue party next Sunday?
How about having a cup of coffee?
How about having a drink after we finish our work today?
How about having dinner outside this evening?
How about having dinner together?
How about having our lunch in the park?
How about having supper outside this evening?
How about having tea outside this evening?
How about holding a barbecue party next Sunday?
How about holding a debate on women's rights?
How about holding a debate on women’s rights?
How about ice cream with chocolate sauce for dessert?
How about if I call you Tom?
How about if the three of us go camping next weekend?
How about if the three of us go out for dinner tonight?
How about if we buy some tempera for the kids to paint with?
How about if we go play golf this afternoon?
How about inviting Meg to the party?
How about inviting Tom and Mary over for dinner this evening?
How about inviting Tom to our party?
How about it, are you ready or not yet?
How about it?
How about joining us?
How about just a nice, big hug?
How about making me a cup of tea?
How about making us some sandwiches?
How about me stopping by?
How about meeting today?
How about meeting up for a coffee?
How about more fruit, Goro?
How about moving to Boston?
How about my showing you around the town?
How about next Monday?
How about next Saturday?
How about nine o'clock tomorrow night, for example?
How about now?
How about offering it to Tom?
How about pizza for lunch today?
How about playing baseball?
How about playing cards?
How about playing catch in the vacant lot near by?
How about playing chess tonight?
How about playing golf this afternoon?
How about playing golf tomorrow?
How about playing some Chopin?
How about playing tennis next Saturday?
How about playing tennis this afternoon?
How about playing tennis?
How about putting something on the front or the back?
How about quarter to one?
How about right now?
How about running?
How about shaving your head instead? I think it would look good on you.
How about shochu mixed with hot water?
How about singing that song for me again?
How about six o'clock?
How about six?
How about sleeping at home?
How about social mobility in Algeria?
How about some OJ?
How about some Spanish food?
How about some brandy?
How about some chocolate cheese?
How about some cocoa?
How about some coffee?
How about some comfort food?
How about some creamed chipped beef on toast?
How about some easy cash?
How about some eggs and bacon?
How about some eggs?
How about some hot chocolate?
How about some lunch?
How about some milk and cookies?
How about some milk?
How about some more brandy?
How about some more coffee?
How about some more roast beef?
How about some more salad?
How about some music?
How about some orange juice?
How about some pizza?
How about some quality time under the stars on a camping trip?
How about some sweet kisses, my cute neko girl?
How about some tea?
How about somersaults?
How about something cold to drink?
How about something to drink?
How about something to eat?
How about spending an elegant and blissful time at a beauty salon?
How about starting again from the very beginning?
How about staying at my place this evening?
How about staying for dinner? I'm making a big pot of stew.
How about staying with us for a few days?
How about stopping over at Kyoto and sightseeing at the old capital?
How about stopping the car and taking a rest?
How about studying together in the library?
How about taking a break?
How about taking a rest?
How about taking a walk before breakfast?
How about taking a walk with us?
How about taking a walk?
How about taking in the Nijo Castle?
How about taking up jogging?
How about teaching me your language?
How about telling me what you have in mind?
How about that!
How about that?
How about the 28th of February at about 3 p.m.?
How about the food I ordered?
How about the last part of the story?
How about the one which starts two hours later?
How about the taste?
How about this color?
How about this for your room?
How about this instead?
How about this one?
How about this red hat?
How about three weeks from Monday?
How about today?
How about tomorrow night at nine?
How about tomorrow night?
How about tomorrow?
How about tonight?
How about trying some sushi?
How about two weeks from Thursday?
How about using disposable droppers?
How about waiting here until he gets back?
How about walking to the top of the hill?
How about walking to the top of the mountain?
How about we all head home and call it a night.
How about we both take a shower before we do anything?
How about we bunk off school and go to the beach?
How about we discuss this situation further tomorrow morning, if you like?
How about we ditch everything and go fishing?
How about we do a duet?
How about we get out of here?
How about we get together for a beer?
How about we go for a drink?
How about we go for a lunch? I will pay.
How about we go there?
How about we go to my place after the party?
How about we go to my place to work on the project together?
How about we go to see a film?
How about we go to the beach tomorrow?
How about we go to the beach?
How about we go to the cinema today?
How about we go to the cinema?
How about we go to the movies?
How about we go to the pictures?
How about we go to the real playground now?
How about we go to the stadium today?
How about we go watch a movie?
How about we grab a drink some time?
How about we hang out together on the weekend? What do you say?
How about we hang together on the weekend? What do you say?
How about we have a feast?
How about we have a glass of wine?
How about we head back home?
How about we head home and call it a night?
How about we invite Tom for dinner?
How about we make some sweets together next time?
How about we meet at three?
How about we meet for a drink later?
How about we meet for breakfast?
How about we meet tomorrow?
How about we meet up after my shift?
How about we meet up after school?
How about we meet up after work?
How about we offer it to Tom?
How about we order pizza?
How about we play a match?
How about we play baseball in the open space?
How about we sit over there?
How about we skive off school and go to the beach?
How about we start to study Japanese every afternoon?
How about we stop for lunch first?
How about we stop here?
How about we take a break here?
How about we take a break?
How about we take a little break?
How about we try out some French food?
How about we use "express mail" so it arrives tomorrow.
How about we wait and see?
How about wearing contact lenses?
How about with you?
How about you and I go for a walk?
How about you back at work?
How about you buy me a drink?
How about you come with me?
How about you explain it to Tom?
How about you give your opinion?
How about you respond to that?
How about you shut your big mouth?
How about you take a break?
How about you take off your coat?
How about you teach me Berber and I can help you improve your English?
How about you, Ziri? Are you hungry?
How about you?
How about you? Are you still married my friend?
How about you? When is your birthday?
How about your family?
How about your father?
How about your mom. Is she feeling better?
How about your place?
How about your wife?
How absurd!
How accurate and reliable are courses that try to explain human behavior?
How accurate are your records?
How accurate can you be?
How accurate do you think these figures are?
How accurate do you think these numbers are?
How accurate do you think this data is?
How accurate do you think this report is?
How accurate is it?
How accurate is this data?
How accurate is this information?
How addictive is crack cocaine?
How adorable they are!
How adventurous are you?
How adventurous!
How afraid I was when I opened the door!
How afraid I was!
How am I close to you?
How am I different from you?
How am I doing so far?
How am I doing?
How am I even going to buy everything I need?
How am I even going to buy this?
How am I expected to help?
How am I going to compete with that?
How am I going to die?
How am I going to do that?
How am I going to explain that to her?
How am I going to explain this to Tom?
How am I going to explain this?
How am I going to get home?
How am I going to get out of here?
How am I going to get out of this?
How am I going to get this accomplished?
How am I going to get this done without your help?
How am I going to get through this?
How am I going to get to work?
How am I going to impress Tom?
How am I going to impress her?
How am I going to impress him?
How am I going to impress them?
How am I going to protect my children now?
How am I going to remember to do that?
How am I going to repair this windshield crack now?
How am I going to survive without you?
How am I gonna get started talking to this beautiful babe?
How am I meant to recognise him? We've never met.
How am I still alive?
How am I supposed to answer when you keep stressing me out?
How am I supposed to compete with that?
How am I supposed to do it?
How am I supposed to do that?
How am I supposed to do the assignment if I don't know what the teacher wants from me?
How am I supposed to do the dishes if we're out of dish soap?
How am I supposed to do this by myself?
How am I supposed to do this?
How am I supposed to dress?
How am I supposed to eat?
How am I supposed to forget everything that happened between us?
How am I supposed to get out of here?
How am I supposed to get this thing off?
How am I supposed to help you if you won't tell me what the problem is?
How am I supposed to help you if you won't tell me what's going on?
How am I supposed to help?
How am I supposed to know that? I'm not an encyclopedia.
How am I supposed to know this?
How am I supposed to know what to do?
How am I supposed to know what to say to Mary? I've never talked to a girl before.
How am I supposed to know what to say to Tom? I've never talked to a boy before.
How am I supposed to know where she's hiding her money?
How am I supposed to know?
How am I supposed to remember to wash my patients' hands before feeding them, if I sometimes forget to wash my own before eating?
How am I supposed to sleep with all this noise?
How am I supposed to teach you something in ten minutes when you had an entire week to ask the teacher for help?
How am I supposed to understand that?
How am I supposed to use this?
How am I to do that?
How am I to get in?
How am I to pay my debts?
How am I to pay such a debt?
How am I writing without a pen?
How amazing that your mother speaks six languages!
How amazing!
How and when life began is still a mystery.
How and when will a lingua franca be introduced throughout the Earth?
How and where are decisions going to be made?
How and where did Tom die?
How and where did you learn to speak English that well? I mean, you're making it look so easy!
How and why does the end link up with the beginning?
How annoying that that happened.
How annoying!
How annoying.
How anybody could vote for someone like that is beyond me.
How anyone could vote for someone like that is beyond me.
How are Algerians viewing all this?
How are Canadians different from everybody else?
How are Canadians different from everyone else?
How are Grandma and Grandpa cooking the fish?
How are Tom and I doing so far?
How are Tom and I ever going to buy everything we need?
How are Tom and I going to get home?
How are Tom and I going to get out of here?
How are Tom and I going to get this done without your help?
How are Tom and I going to get to work?
How are Tom and I going to remember to do that?
How are Tom and I supposed to compete with that?
How are Tom and I supposed to do that?
How are Tom and I supposed to do this by ourselves?
How are Tom and I supposed to know what to do?
How are Tom and I supposed to sleep with all this noise?
How are Tom and Mary able to do that?
How are Tom and Mary coming to Boston?
How are Tom and Mary different?
How are Tom and Mary doing now?
How are Tom and Mary doing that?
How are Tom and Mary doing?
How are Tom and Mary feeling?
How are Tom and Mary getting along?
How are Tom and Mary going to Boston?
How are Tom and Mary going to deal with that?
How are Tom and Mary going to do that?
How are Tom and Mary going to find out?
How are Tom and Mary going to help us?
How are Tom and Mary going to help you?
How are Tom and Mary now?
How are Tom and Mary related to you?
How are Tom and Mary?
How are Tom and the kids?
How are Tom's and Mary's plans different?
How are Tom's parents?
How are air traffic controllers able to keep track of so many planes at once?
How are alligators different from crocodiles?
How are asteroids and comets different?
How are babies made?
How are badminton and tennis different? How are they the same?
How are basketball and volleyball different?
How are bunnies and hares different?
How are clogging and tap dancing different?
How are complaints handled?
How are cows and chickens useful to us?
How are crocodiles and alligators different?
How are dogs and wolves different?
How are dogs different from wolves?
How are earthquakes measured?
How are fireflies and glowworms similar?
How are foreign investments faring in Algeria?
How are her in-laws doing?
How are hotels rated?
How are knives sharpened?
How are light bulbs recycled?
How are lightning bugs and glowworms similar?
How are lions and leopards different?
How are magnets so magical?
How are marshmallows made?
How are mom and dad?
How are my buddies?
How are my girls?
How are noodles made?
How are organic proteins and nucleic acids created from inorganic matter?
How are organic proteins and nucleic acids formed from inorganic matter?
How are other people managing?
How are payment methods different?
How are people going to know what needs to be done?
How are potato chips made?
How are presentations organized?
How are prickly pears eaten?
How are rates determined?
How are relations between the two of them going?
How are rights and duties correlative?
How are stars formed?
How are subs powered with nuclear reactors?
How are sweet potatoes and yams different?
How are the children?
How are the eggs?
How are the fees you charge determined?
How are the future in-laws?
How are the kids?
How are the negotiations coming along?
How are the negotiations going?
How are the odds?
How are the others doing?
How are the others?
How are the puppers?
How are the repairs coming?
How are the repairs going?
How are the roads looking today? Have you heard the traffic reports yet?
How are the silver foxes feeling?
How are these decisions made?
How are these events connected?
How are these two cases related?
How are they all connected?
How are they any better?
How are they doing it?
How are they doing that exactly?
How are they doing this?
How are they doing?
How are they going to be better off if taxes go up?
How are they going to do that exactly?
How are they going to enforce that law?
How are they going to find out?
How are they going to get that fixed?
How are they going to know if we bring our own food?
How are they going to prove anything?
How are they going to treat Tom?
How are they holding up?
How are they supposed to pay such an exorbitant fine?
How are they supposed to pay the bills?
How are they the same?
How are they treating you?
How are they?
How are things at home?
How are things at school, buddy?
How are things at school?
How are things at the office?
How are things at work?
How are things back home?
How are things between you and Tom?
How are things between you and her?
How are things between you guys?
How are things between you two now?
How are things between you two?
How are things coming along?
How are things different from before?
How are things different on this tour?
How are things for you up there?
How are things going at home?
How are things going at school?
How are things going at the gallery?
How are things going at the office?
How are things going at work?
How are things going between you and Tom?
How are things going over there?
How are things going there?
How are things going this season?
How are things going with Tom?
How are things going with you?
How are things going with your boyfriend?
How are things going with your girlfriend?
How are things going with your youngest sister?
How are things going?
How are things in Australia?
How are things in Boston?
How are things in Germany now?
How are things in your neighborhood?
How are things in your neighbourhood?
How are things in your part of the world?
How are things now?
How are things over there?
How are things progressing?
How are things with Tom?
How are things with that guy you were seeing?
How are things with you and Tom?
How are things with you?
How are things with you? Everything all right?
How are things?
How are this airline's airplanes?
How are vaccines made?
How are we better than any of them?
How are we better than them?
How are we doing for time?
How are we doing on time?
How are we doing today?
How are we doing?
How are we ever going to find Tom?
How are we ever going to get the word out?
How are we ever going to get this done in time?
How are we feeling today?
How are we going to be able to impress Tom?
How are we going to be able to retire?
How are we going to be affected?
How are we going to convince Tom?
How are we going to cope without you?
How are we going to cross the river?
How are we going to cross this river?
How are we going to deal with this?
How are we going to do it?
How are we going to do that?
How are we going to do this without Tom's help?
How are we going to endure this?
How are we going to explain this one?
How are we going to feed all these hungry people?
How are we going to feed all these people?
How are we going to find Tom?
How are we going to find her?
How are we going to find him?
How are we going to find someone to help?
How are we going to find someone to replace Tom?
How are we going to find them?
How are we going to fit all of this stuff in the car?
How are we going to fix that?
How are we going to fix this?
How are we going to fund this project?
How are we going to get Tom to come home?
How are we going to get back to Australia?
How are we going to get back to Boston?
How are we going to get by?
How are we going to get enough food for everyone?
How are we going to get home?
How are we going to get in to see Tom?
How are we going to get in?
How are we going to get inside?
How are we going to get off this island?
How are we going to get out of here?
How are we going to get out of this fix?
How are we going to get past the alarm system?
How are we going to get that fixed?
How are we going to get the piano upstairs?
How are we going to get the word out?
How are we going to get there?
How are we going to get this done?
How are we going to get this piano up those stairs?
How are we going to handle that?
How are we going to help Tom?
How are we going to help them?
How are we going to impress Tom?
How are we going to impress them?
How are we going to keep Tom from doing that?
How are we going to keep this from happening again?
How are we going to keep this up?
How are we going to make a difference?
How are we going to make it?
How are we going to make sure no terrorists come to our shores?
How are we going to manage this?
How are we going to manage to finish on time?
How are we going to manage without Tom?
How are we going to manage without you?
How are we going to pay for all this?
How are we going to pay for that?
How are we going to pay for these things?
How are we going to pay for this?
How are we going to pay the rent?
How are we going to pay this bill?
How are we going to pay this?
How are we going to prevent that from happening again?
How are we going to put food on the table?
How are we going to put this back together?
How are we going to repair this?
How are we going to solve this problem?
How are we going to survive?
How are we going?
How are we meant to play badminton without a shuttlecock?
How are we paying for this?
How are we some all-powerful cabal if both major British parties are anti-trans?
How are we supposed to believe any of these cases were handled properly?
How are we supposed to check this?
How are we supposed to compete with that?
How are we supposed to do that?
How are we supposed to do this?
How are we supposed to find Tom?
How are we supposed to fix these issues?
How are we supposed to get out of here?
How are we supposed to get there?
How are we supposed to manage with so little money?
How are we supposed to prevent that from happening?
How are we supposed to survive on this much money?
How are we supposed to survive on this?
How are we today?
How are we, young man?
How are woolen clothes washed?
How are y'all?
How are ye?
How are you able to do that?
How are you able to remain so optimistic?
How are you all doing tonight?
How are you all doing?
How are you all holding up today?
How are you all?
How are you and Mary getting along?
How are you and Tom different?
How are you and Tom doing?
How are you and Tom getting along?
How are you and Tom getting on?
How are you and Tom?
How are you and the family doing?
How are you and your family doing?
How are you and your husband?
How are you and your wife doing, now that the birds have all flown the coop?
How are you at controlling your anger?
How are you at controlling your temper?
How are you at tying butterfly knots?
How are you being treated?
How are you celebrating today?
How are you children doing?
How are you coming along with your French lessons?
How are you coming in your work?
How are you coming?
How are you connected?
How are you coping with economic hard times?
How are you coping with the difficulties you face?
How are you coping with the heat?
How are you coping with the increase in gas prices?
How are you coping with this heat?
How are you coping?
How are you dealing with all the stress?
How are you dealing with employee morale?
How are you dealing with it?
How are you dealing with the problem?
How are you dealing?
How are you doing for money?
How are you doing in school?
How are you doing in this scorching late summer heat?
How are you doing lately?
How are you doing that with your hand?
How are you doing that with your hands?
How are you doing that?
How are you doing then?
How are you doing there?
How are you doing these days?
How are you doing today?
How are you doing tonight?
How are you doing with your budget this year?
How are you doing, Ayour?
How are you doing, Mary?
How are you doing, Tom?
How are you doing, miss?
How are you doing?
How are you doing? I haven't seen you for an age!
How are you doing? I haven't seen you in ages!
How are you doing? I haven’t seen you for an age!
How are you doing? I haven’t seen you in ages!
How are you doing? It's been a long time since I've seen you.
How are you doing? It's been a long time since we last met, hasn't it?
How are you doing? It’s been a long time since we last met, hasn’t it?
How are you enjoying the trip so far?
How are you feeling about the exam?
How are you feeling at the moment?
How are you feeling lately?
How are you feeling now, Tom?
How are you feeling now?
How are you feeling this morning?
How are you feeling today?
How are you feeling tonight?
How are you feeling, Skura?
How are you feeling, Tom?
How are you feeling?
How are you feeling? I hope you are feeling better.
How are you finding the Quality Control department?
How are you finding the party?
How are you finding this town?
How are you fixed with money?
How are you getting along in these hot days?
How are you getting along in this hot weather?
How are you getting along in your new job?
How are you getting along these days?
How are you getting along with your English study?
How are you getting along with your new classmates?
How are you getting along with your new job?
How are you getting along with your study?
How are you getting along with your work?
How are you getting along?
How are you getting back home?
How are you getting home?
How are you getting it back?
How are you getting on with your work?
How are you getting on, Tom?
How are you getting on?
How are you going to Australia?
How are you going to Boston?
How are you going to Milan?
How are you going to buy a new coat? You don't have any money.
How are you going to carry it out?
How are you going to catch Tom?
How are you going to catch her?
How are you going to catch him?
How are you going to catch them?
How are you going to convince Tom?
How are you going to cook that?
How are you going to cook the fish?
How are you going to cook the turkey?
How are you going to deal with it?
How are you going to deal with this one?
How are you going to disarm Tom?
How are you going to do all this?
How are you going to do it?
How are you going to do that exactly?
How are you going to do that?
How are you going to do this?
How are you going to explain all of these?
How are you going to explain that to Tom?
How are you going to fix that?
How are you going to get home?
How are you going to get out of there?
How are you going to get there?
How are you going to get to Australia?
How are you going to get to Boston?
How are you going to get to school tomorrow?
How are you going to get to work tomorrow?
How are you going to get up to the roof?
How are you going to go home?
How are you going to handle this?
How are you going to help Tom?
How are you going to help her?
How are you going to help him?
How are you going to help me?
How are you going to help them?
How are you going to help us?
How are you going to help?
How are you going to keep Tom from doing that?
How are you going to manage?
How are you going to organise that?
How are you going to pay for college?
How are you going to pay for it?
How are you going to pay for that?
How are you going to pay for this?
How are you going to pay me?
How are you going to pay this?
How are you going to prove that I put it there?
How are you going to prove that we did that?
How are you going to prove that?
How are you going to raise your children?
How are you going to solve this problem?
How are you going to spend such a large amount of money?
How are you going to spend your first night in Algiers?
How are you going to spend your last few days before classes start again?
How are you going to spend your last few days here?
How are you going to spend your prize money?
How are you going to spend your weekend?
How are you going to stall Tom?
How are you going to stop Tom?
How are you going to stop her?
How are you going to stop him?
How are you going to stop me?
How are you going to stop them?
How are you going to teach Berber if you can't speak it?
How are you going to tell Tom?
How are you going to tell her?
How are you going to tell him?
How are you going to tell them?
How are you going to vote in the upcoming election?
How are you going to vote?
How are you going tonight?
How are you going?
How are you going? I haven't seen you for a long time.
How are you gonna deal with it?
How are you gonna do that?
How are you guys doing?
How are you guys?
How are you helping him?
How are you helping?
How are you holding up in this heat?
How are you holding up?
How are you keeping off this intense heat?
How are you kids doing?
How are you learning Berber?
How are you learning Esperanto?
How are you learning French?
How are you living as a Muslim?
How are you making out, Tom?
How are you making out?
How are you managing it?
How are you managing?
How are you my beloved?
How are you not seeing that?
How are you not sleeping?
How are you now?
How are you on this beautiful day?
How are you on this fine day?
How are you on wine; would you like another?
How are you paying?
How are you perceived by the leadership?
How are you planning on doing that?
How are you planning on recording an album?
How are you planning to do that?
How are you planning to get past security?
How are you planning to help?
How are you preparing for that?
How are you progressing?
How are you promoting your business?
How are you psychologically?
How are you reaching out to people?
How are you related to Tom?
How are you related?
How are you saving for retirement?
How are you settling in?
How are you smiley.
How are you so good at English?
How are you so lucky?
How are you so sure that he's dead?
How are you spelling that?
How are you spending New Year?
How are you still alive after all of that?
How are you supposed to get a good grade on your test tomorrow if you don't make a habit of studying?
How are you supposed to get to work?
How are you supposed to live on that kind of salary?
How are you supposed to live on that?
How are you sure Tom won't pass the exam?
How are you sure that it's Tom?
How are you taking it?
How are you these days?
How are you this morning?
How are you today, Tom?
How are you today, my brother?
How are you today?
How are you tonight, Tom?
How are you two doing?
How are you two getting along?
How are you two related?
How are you two?
How are you washing the blue blanket?
How are you with cats?
How are you working through your transition?
How are you, Dad?
How are you, Dragon?
How are you, Dylan?
How are you, Mike?
How are you, Mrs. Jones?
How are you, Tom?
How are you, buddy?
How are you, darling?
How are you, guys?
How are you, my dear?
How are you, my friend?
How are you, my sweetheart?
How are you, son?
How are you, sweetie?
How are you, then?
How are you?
How are you? Are you dizzy?
How are you? Are your previous movements alright?
How are you? Did you have a good trip?
How are you? Good? Bad?
How are you? Great. And you? Great, thank you.
How are you? I haven't seen you for ages!
How are you? I haven't seen you in centuries!
How are you? Is your head spinning?
How are you? What is your name?
How are you? What sort of day are you having today?
How are your actions impacting other people?
How are your blisters?
How are your children doing?
How are your children?
How are your classes?
How are your dog's teeth?
How are your father and mother?
How are your folks?
How are your goats?
How are your grades?
How are your grandparents?
How are your grandparents? It has been a long time since I've seen them.
How are your kidneys?
How are your kids?
How are your mom and dad?
How are your mother and father doing?
How are your mother and father?
How are your mum and dad?
How are your parents doing?
How are your parents getting along?
How are your parents?
How are your studies going?
How are your studies?
How are your wedding plans coming?
How arrogant!
How art thou?
How astonished I was to see this.
How awesome is that!
How awesome is that?
How awful to reflect that what people say of us is true!
How awful!
How bad a driver are you?
How bad are Tom and Mary hurt?
How bad are Tom's injuries?
How bad can it be?
How bad can this get?
How bad could it be?
How bad could things get?
How bad did Tom get hurt?
How bad do I look?
How bad do these wasps hurt?
How bad do you have to go?
How bad do you really want to lose weight?
How bad do you think third quarter earnings will be?
How bad do you want it?
How bad do you want this job?
How bad do you want to know?
How bad does it have to be to need to take medicine for it?
How bad is Tom hurt?
How bad is Tom's injury?
How bad is Ziri's injury?
How bad is Ziri?
How bad is it out there?
How bad is it really?
How bad is it, doctor?
How bad is it?
How bad is smoking really?
How bad is smoking?
How bad is the Algerian economy?
How bad is the SDE on the HTC Vive?
How bad is the crime problem?
How bad is the damage?
How bad is the food?
How bad is the need?
How bad is the pain?
How bad is the situation in India today in terms of rising Hindu nationalism?
How bad is your headache?
How bad this rust really is?
How bad was Tom hurt?
How bad was Tom's knee injury?
How bad was it?
How bad was the damage?
How bad will it get?
How bad!
How badly are Tom and Mary hurt?
How badly did Tom and Mary get hurt?
How badly did Tom get hurt?
How badly did Tom get injured?
How badly did the storm damage Tom's house?
How badly do they want it?
How badly do you have to go?
How badly do you want it?
How badly do you want this?
How badly do you want to come?
How badly do you want to do that?
How badly do you want to know?
How badly injured are Tom and Mary?
How badly injured is Tom?
How badly is Tom hurt?
How badly they ski!
How badly was Tom beaten?
How badly was Tom hurt?
How badly was Tom injured?
How badly was Tom's car damaged?
How badly was Tom's house damaged by the storm?
How barbaric!
How beauteous mankind is! O brave new world, That has such people in't!
How beautiful Algeria's flag is!
How beautiful a declaration of love!
How beautiful a sunrise is!
How beautiful and free the cranes were! Sadako sighed and closed her eyes.
How beautiful are the feet of them that preach the gospel of peace!
How beautiful are your cheeks between earrings, your neck with necklaces! We will make you gold earrings with silver filigrees.
How beautiful her eyes are!
How beautiful is a summer night's dream!
How beautiful is life with hope!
How beautiful is that!
How beautiful is this old woman!
How beautiful it is here!
How beautiful it is to be alive! I know what that is like. But what would it be like to stop thinking once and for all, to cease to exist?
How beautiful it is!
How beautiful life is! I know what it is to be alive. But what would it be like to stop thinking once and for all, to cease to exist?
How beautiful love is among the young.
How beautiful my sewn drapes are.
How beautiful nature made you! To whom are you fated to belong?
How beautiful she is!
How beautiful she was!
How beautiful she was! And yet how aloof!
How beautiful that flower is!
How beautiful the rising sun is!
How beautiful the roses blossomed this summer.
How beautiful the valleys are in spring!
How beautiful the world is!
How beautiful this carillon is!
How beautiful this flower is!
How beautiful this flower is.
How beautiful this is!
How beautiful this morning is!
How beautiful this ring looks on your hand!
How beautiful we are!
How beautiful you are this morning!
How beautiful you are today!
How beautiful you are!
How beautiful you are, my beloved! How beautiful you are!
How beautiful you are, my beloved, how beautiful you are! Your eyes are doves.
How beautiful you look in that Kabyle dress I brought you from Algeria.
How beautiful you look in that Kabyle dress I gave you.
How beautiful you look in that Kabyle dress I made you.
How beautiful you look in that Kabyle dress I sent you.
How beautiful you look in that Kabyle dress.
How beautiful your face among tendrils, your neck among necklaces!
How beautiful your wife was!
How beautiful!
How beautifully it's snowing today!
How beautifully she sings!
How beautifully the flowers shoot forth, but I am not weaving garlands!
How beautifully you write!
How best can that be accomplished?
How big a box do you need?
How big a chance is there that Tom will come?
How big a deal was it?
How big a disaster was it?
How big a discount did you get?
How big a fool do you take me for?
How big a jar do you need?
How big a problem is it?
How big a problem is that?
How big a problem is this?
How big a pumpkin do you want?
How big a role did Tom play?
How big a star is Tom Jackson?
How big a turkey should we buy?
How big a yard do you have?
How big an idiot are you?
How big an idiot do you think I am?
How big an issue are lightning strikes to planes?
How big are they?
How big he is!
How big is Algeria?
How big is Jupiter?
How big is Mars?
How big is Massachusetts?
How big is Mercury?
How big is Pluto?
How big is Tom's house?
How big is Tom’s house?
How big is Venus?
How big is Yanni's car exactly?
How big is Ziri's tortoise?
How big is a soccer pitch?
How big is he?
How big is it?
How big is our solar system?
How big is the Algerian market?
How big is the Hungarian black market?
How big is the company?
How big is the earth?
How big is the house?
How big is the population of Japan?
How big is the problem?
How big is the sun?
How big is the team?
How big is the universe?
How big is this box?
How big is this park?
How big is this place?!
How big is this screen?
How big is this town?
How big is too big for a phone?
How big is your apartment?
How big is your bed?
How big is your dog?
How big is your dog? Mine is small.
How big is your family?
How big is your garden?
How big is your genitalia?
How big is your house?
How big is your kitchen?
How big is your office?
How big is your room?
How big is your school?
How big is your yard?
How big of a problem was it?
How big of an idiot are you?
How big she is already! Soon she'll be as tall as her mother.
How big she is!
How big was the dinosaur?
How big was your contribution?
How big was your donation?
How big was your school?
How big will it be?
How big will the house you want to buy be?
How big you are!
How big you've gotten!
How big you’ve gotten!
How big?
How blue the sky is!
How boring the world would be if there weren't people better and more powerful than me.
How boring this game is!
How boring!
How boring.
How boring...
How brave Tom is!
How brave of him to jump into the water to save the little girl!
How brave of you to go alone into the primaeval forest!
How brave you are!
How busy are you today?
How busy could Tom be?
How busy were you yesterday?
How came the Bodies of Animals to be contrived with so much Art, and for what ends were their several Parts? Was the Eye contrived without Skill in Opticks, and the Ear without Knowledge of Sounds?... Does it not appear from Phænomena that there is a Being incorporeal, living, intelligent, omnipresent?
How came you to venture hither, noble Captain?
How can .999... be equal to 1?
How can Algeria achieve a better ranking among African economies?
How can Algeria achieve an economic leap?
How can Algeria achieve economic growth?
How can Algeria achieve economic success?
How can Algeria achieve higher productivity?
How can Algeria achieve these targets?
How can Algeria address the issue of capital flight?
How can Algeria alleviate the impact of inflation?
How can Algeria attract foreign direct investment?
How can Algeria avoid a new recession?
How can Algeria become a wealthy nation?
How can Algeria become rich?
How can Algeria become richer?
How can Algeria capitalize on this?
How can Algeria cope with the mass rural-to-urban migration?
How can Algeria develop its productivity?
How can Algeria ensure food security?
How can Algeria get out of this mess?
How can Algeria improve its business environment?
How can Algeria improve its productivity?
How can Algeria increase its government's revenue?
How can Algeria increase its revenue?
How can Algeria increase wheat production?
How can Algeria join global production chains?
How can Algeria keep all of its profits in the country?
How can Algeria keep the quality of its products good?
How can Algeria kill corruption?
How can Algeria make its economy progress?
How can Algeria make its factories profitable?
How can Algeria overcome its economic challenges?
How can Algeria overcome these challenges?
How can Algeria overcome water scarcity?
How can Algeria propel its economy?
How can Algeria reduce its power deficit?
How can Algeria stimulate its economic growth?
How can Algeria stop its brain drain?
How can Algeria stop wasting resources?
How can Algeria use fossil fuels sustainably?
How can Algeria's economy be fixed?
How can Bill Gates be the world's richest man if he gave away all of his money?
How can Elias make up with Sandra and should he even try?
How can Facebook be profitable if we don't have to pay for the usage of it?
How can I Iearn Slovak?
How can I access the printer?
How can I achieve true financial independence?
How can I add new sentences?
How can I add pictures?
How can I add tags to a sentence?
How can I add these sentences?
How can I address the current issue?
How can I afford such an expensive car?
How can I apply for citizenship?
How can I assist you?
How can I atone for my guilt?
How can I avoid getting bladder infections?
How can I avoid getting eye infections?
How can I avoid making the same mistake?
How can I avoid state taxes if I retire overseas?
How can I be a better Muslim than I am?
How can I be a better dad and a better husband?
How can I be a better person?
How can I be a good leader if I don't know anything about the people I'm supposed to lead?
How can I be better at speaking at a higher pitch?
How can I be better financially prepared in the future?
How can I be freezing?
How can I be helpful?
How can I be informed?
How can I be of help?
How can I be of service?
How can I be of use?
How can I be sure I'm doing it right?
How can I be sure it's the right thing to do?
How can I be sure that I'm making the right decision?
How can I be sure?
How can I become a billionaire?
How can I become a trusted user?
How can I become fluent in Berber?
How can I become fluent in French?
How can I become rich?
How can I become smarter?
How can I better serve my fellow man?
How can I better understand my own thoughts and feelings?
How can I buy tickets?
How can I call Japan?
How can I call a cab?
How can I call a taxi?
How can I call you?
How can I cancel my wedding?
How can I change that?
How can I change the ringtone on my phone?
How can I change this sentence?
How can I change your mind?
How can I choose which translations are displayed?
How can I claim asylum?
How can I clear my browsing data?
How can I clear my search history?
How can I compete?
How can I complain about that?
How can I comply with your wish?
How can I compress a PDF file?
How can I connect my iPod to a car stereo?
How can I connect to the Internet?
How can I connect with God?
How can I contact Tom?
How can I contact a Japanese-speaking doctor?
How can I contact him?
How can I contact you?
How can I contribute to this project?
How can I convince Tom to spend more time with me?
How can I convince you to do that?
How can I convince you?
How can I deactivate my account on this site?
How can I delay my period?
How can I delete a repeated sentence?
How can I delete photos from my iPad?
How can I demonstrate love to my wife?
How can I desert the fleet?
How can I develop my mind's hidden capabilities?
How can I do anything?
How can I do that?
How can I do this?
How can I do what's right?
How can I draw up the protocol correctly?
How can I drive to your house with a leg in a cast?
How can I dump my girlfriend on Valentine's day?
How can I embed the debt clock on my Web site?
How can I enjoy life again with my wife?
How can I enjoy sex with my wife?
How can I escape the daily grind?
How can I ever forget Tom?
How can I ever forget those moments?
How can I ever forgive myself?
How can I ever make it up to you?
How can I ever repay my mother?
How can I ever repay you?
How can I ever thank you enough?
How can I ever thank you?
How can I expect a fair and impartial decision?
How can I explain it to you so you would understand?
How can I explain this in a way that even Tom would understand?
How can I explain this to Tom?
How can I explain this?
How can I explain to my husband that he's hurting me?
How can I explain to my husband that he’s hurting me?
How can I explain?
How can I extract the audio from a video clip?
How can I feel relaxed with you watching me like that?
How can I feel relaxed, with you watching me like that?
How can I file a complaint?
How can I find German sentences that are missing, let's say, Esperanto translations?
How can I find Tom?
How can I find a registered dietitian or nutritionist?
How can I find happiness in life?
How can I find her?
How can I find him?
How can I find my G-spot?
How can I find out more about this?
How can I find out my blood type (blood group)?
How can I find out what common sense is?
How can I find out what separates me from my luck?
How can I find the American Airlines counter?
How can I find the truth?
How can I find them?
How can I find you?
How can I finish my homework when I have to help you clean the house?
How can I fix my leaky faucet?
How can I fix my login issues?
How can I fix my password issues?
How can I fix something that's not broken?
How can I fix the lag?
How can I fix windshield wiper scratches?
How can I follow your desire?
How can I forget about you?
How can I forget it?
How can I forget this?
How can I forget those days?
How can I forget what happened?
How can I forgive you if I never felt wronged to begin with?
How can I gain Tom trust?
How can I gain her trust?
How can I gain the villagers' trust?
How can I gain weight safely?
How can I gain weight?
How can I garner the trust of the villagers?
How can I get Mary to fall in love with me?
How can I get Tom to fall in love with me?
How can I get Tom to notice me?
How can I get a bus here?
How can I get a driver's license?
How can I get a hold of Tom?
How can I get a hold of her?
How can I get a hold of him?
How can I get a hold of them?
How can I get a hold of you?
How can I get a library card?
How can I get an NHS dentist in an emergency or out of hours?
How can I get back at him?
How can I get fluent?
How can I get her to notice me?
How can I get him to notice me?
How can I get home now?
How can I get home?
How can I get in touch with you, Dad, after you are gone?
How can I get in touch with you?
How can I get money now?
How can I get my dog to stop barking all the time?
How can I get my dog to stop barking constantly?
How can I get my toddler to eat vegetables?
How can I get out of here?
How can I get rid of Tom?
How can I get rid of all this stuff?
How can I get rid of all those fallen leaves?
How can I get rid of him?
How can I get rid of the door-knocking Jehovah's Witnesses?
How can I get taller?
How can I get the most out of my money in retirement?
How can I get there?
How can I get this thing to work?
How can I get through rough times?
How can I get through this?
How can I get to gate A-1?
How can I get to heaven?
How can I get to platform 4?
How can I get to platform four?
How can I get to platform number 4?
How can I get to platform number four?
How can I get to the Duty Free Shop from here?
How can I get to the airport?
How can I get to the beach from here?
How can I get to the border?
How can I get to the hospital by bus?
How can I get to the nearest post office?
How can I get to the nearest station?
How can I get to the police station?
How can I get to the railway station?
How can I get to the stadium?
How can I get to the station?
How can I get to the third floor?
How can I get to the train station?
How can I get to the zoo from here?
How can I get to the zoo?
How can I get useful information about the usage of the app?
How can I get what I need?
How can I get what I want?
How can I get you to change your mind?
How can I give money anonymously to someone I know?
How can I give my brain some stimulation?
How can I go on without you?
How can I go on?
How can I go to the west part of the city?
How can I handle this?
How can I have a good time when everybody keeps complaining to me about things?
How can I help Tom?
How can I help a friend to quit smoking?
How can I help her?
How can I help him?
How can I help it?
How can I help myself?
How can I help them?
How can I help these people?
How can I help you achieve your goals?
How can I help you feel better?
How can I help you guys?
How can I help you if you won't tell me what the problem is?
How can I help you if you won't trust me?
How can I help you today?
How can I help you, anyway?
How can I help you, madam?
How can I help you, sir?
How can I help you?
How can I help, anyway?
How can I help?
How can I hire a boat?
How can I ignore pain this intense?
How can I ignore such intense pain?
How can I improve my Berber?
How can I improve my English skill?
How can I improve my English, is there any easier way to improve my English?
How can I improve my English, is there any easy way that I can adopt to improve it?
How can I improve my English?
How can I improve my Esperanto?
How can I improve my French?
How can I improve my academic writing?
How can I improve my chances of becoming a dad?
How can I improve my memory?
How can I improve the current situation?
How can I install WhatsApp on my cellphone?
How can I join it?
How can I join the team?
How can I join?
How can I jump so high?
How can I just tell Tom without having told everybody else?
How can I just tell Tom without telling everybody else?
How can I justify the expense of doing that?
How can I keep birds from nesting in my chimney?
How can I keep my baby safe during hot weather?
How can I keep my email account from getting hacked?
How can I keep myself from snoring?
How can I keep tabs on the least visited pages, and what do I do with them?
How can I know for sure?
How can I know if a boy likes me?
How can I know if a girl likes me?
How can I know if a guy likes me?
How can I know that it's really you?
How can I know that you're not going to hurt me again?
How can I know that you're not going to hurt me?
How can I know whether Tom loves me?
How can I learn Berber better?
How can I learn Berber in just two weeks?
How can I learn Berber without a book?
How can I learn Berber without a teacher?
How can I learn Berber without a workbook?
How can I learn Berber without any book?
How can I learn Berber without any teacher?
How can I learn Berber?
How can I learn English easily?
How can I learn English faster?
How can I learn Flemish Sign Language?
How can I learn French?
How can I learn Slovak language?
How can I learn more about what I'm voting on?
How can I learn to believe in myself?
How can I leave?
How can I let my mother know how much she's hurting me?
How can I like this?
How can I limit which translations are displayed?
How can I link or unlink sentences?
How can I live without you?
How can I lose thirty pounds?
How can I lose three kilograms in a week?
How can I lose weight fast?
How can I lose weight more quickly?
How can I lose weight quickly?
How can I lose weight safely?
How can I lose weight without exercising?
How can I lose weight?
How can I lose?
How can I lower my high blood pressure without medication?
How can I make Tom pay more attention to me?
How can I make Tom stop doing that?
How can I make Tom stop snoring?
How can I make Tom stop?
How can I make a girl fall in love with me?
How can I make a long-distance call?
How can I make a telephone call to Japan?
How can I make amends?
How can I make him like me?
How can I make him stop?
How can I make it easier for you?
How can I make it up to you?
How can I make my butt smell like fresh pine needles?
How can I make my life less boring?
How can I make my password strong?
How can I make myself useful?
How can I make shortcuts to the pages I use frequently?
How can I make some changes?
How can I make sure I'm not contributing to this problem?
How can I make sure that this won't happen to me or my parents?
How can I make the deadline for this document?
How can I make this up to you?
How can I make you change your mind?
How can I make you happier?
How can I make you understand?
How can I manage to finish on time?
How can I master Berber?
How can I measure my Berber fluency?
How can I measure my level of Berber?
How can I measure my progress through the Berber language?
How can I meet this quota?
How can I meet your want?
How can I mend my dripping tap?
How can I modify what’s happening now?
How can I motivate myself?
How can I move to Canada and become a Canadian citizen?
How can I not worry?
How can I not write incomplete sentences?
How can I overcome this difficulty?
How can I overcome this?
How can I participate?
How can I pay for it?
How can I pay my bills without work!
How can I pay this debt?
How can I pay?
How can I pick out fresh fish?
How can I possibly do that?
How can I possibly help?
How can I prevent my cat from killing birds?
How can I prevent this from happening?
How can I print my curriculum vitae?
How can I print my résumé?
How can I protect myself?
How can I prove it?
How can I prove my innocence?
How can I prove my love to you?
How can I prove to you that I truly care?
How can I put it?
How can I quickly do a lot of linking?
How can I quit this job?
How can I reach Tom?
How can I reach her?
How can I reach him?
How can I reach the hotel?
How can I reach them?
How can I reach you?
How can I reconcile this?
How can I recycle coconut shells?
How can I redeem myself?
How can I reduce my carbon footprint?
How can I refuse you?
How can I rekindle romance in my marriage?
How can I remember Chinese characters?
How can I remember kanji?
How can I remove blood stains from a shirt?
How can I remove that?
How can I remove the spots of blood from the shirt?
How can I repair my leaking tap?
How can I repay you?
How can I restore my reputation?
How can I return home?
How can I reuse coconut shells?
How can I rid myself of my inferiority complex?
How can I sacrifice myself for something I don't believe in?
How can I say "I love you" in your language?
How can I say no when you have a kid like this?
How can I say that in French?
How can I say that in your language?
How can I say things to sound graceful?
How can I say things to sound modest?
How can I say this to you so that you understand it?
How can I say this?
How can I scale my website?
How can I search for text?
How can I see a GP if I'm away from home?
How can I see it, when it's over there, and I'm way over here?
How can I see you?
How can I sell myself?
How can I serve you?
How can I show the garden to my master now?
How can I show you my love?
How can I sign up?
How can I sing better at a high pitch?
How can I sleep when there are unknown lands within?
How can I sleep?
How can I solve this problem?
How can I sound more ladylike?
How can I speak Berber fluently?
How can I speak to a man I have not yet met?
How can I stand this!
How can I start the engine?
How can I stay motivated while learning?
How can I stop Tom?
How can I stop being afraid?
How can I stop her?
How can I stop him?
How can I stop my dog from chewing on my shoes?
How can I stop them?
How can I succeed in getting a date with Nancy?
How can I support you in achieving your goals?
How can I suppress these feelings?
How can I surprise my wife?
How can I switch on this tablet?
How can I take another day of this?
How can I take better care of my looks?
How can I take care of everybody?
How can I take care of everyone?
How can I take control of this situation?
How can I take my meds if you're on my chest, kitty?
How can I tell him what's happened to his family?
How can I tell if I'm really in love?
How can I tell if I’m really in love?
How can I tell if a boy likes me?
How can I tell if a girl is attracted to me?
How can I tell if a girl likes me?
How can I tell if a guy likes me?
How can I tell if a mushroom is poisonous?
How can I tell if my car is safe?
How can I tell if my knife needs sharpening?
How can I tell if somebody likes me?
How can I tell if someone likes me?
How can I tell it just to Tom without telling everybody else?
How can I tell when I'm ovulating?
How can I tell whether he's the right man for me?
How can I tell?
How can I thank you enough?
How can I thank you?
How can I think about anything else at a time like this?
How can I translate words that don't exist in any language besides my own?
How can I translate words that only exist in my language?
How can I trust Tom?
How can I trust her?
How can I trust him?
How can I trust them?
How can I trust you after that?
How can I trust you after this?
How can I trust you?
How can I turn down the air conditioner?
How can I turn off automatic renewal?
How can I turn off this light?
How can I turn up the stove?
How can I unsend an email?
How can I update this software?
How can I upload a photo to your website?
How can I waste everyone's time?
How can I work on this all night and not get anywhere then two days after the project's cancelled I suddenly find the answers when I'm taking a shower.
How can I work out my body mass index (BMI)?
How can I work with all these papers everywhere?
How can I write faster?
How can India become richer?
How can Jesus be 100% God and 100% man at the same time?
How can John make Jessica stay away from Leo?
How can Layla do such a crazy thing?
How can Mary possibly take care of herself?
How can Mary reduce waste in her gardening practices?
How can Morocco escape extreme poverty?
How can Paleo be a fad diet when it just attempts to replicate the human diet of prehistoric times? It's more of an original recipe diet than a fad.
How can Sami be so sure?
How can Sami still love Layla?
How can Tatoeba help you in translation?
How can Tebboune rebuild Algeria?
How can Tom afford that?
How can Tom allow that?
How can Tom and Mary do that?
How can Tom and Mary possibly take care of themselves?
How can Tom be broke?
How can Tom be forgiven?
How can Tom be here?
How can Tom be like that?
How can Tom be lonely?
How can Tom be lost?
How can Tom be saved?
How can Tom be so calm?
How can Tom be so heartless?
How can Tom be so irresponsible?
How can Tom be so optimistic?
How can Tom be so stupid?
How can Tom be so unlucky?
How can Tom be stopped?
How can Tom be trusted?
How can Tom do all of these things?
How can Tom do that?
How can Tom do this to me?
How can Tom do this?
How can Tom get what he needs?
How can Tom help Mary?
How can Tom help us?
How can Tom help?
How can Tom know that?
How can Tom live here?
How can Tom lose?
How can Tom make his garden more eco-friendly?
How can Tom not see that?
How can Tom not understand that?
How can Tom not understand this?
How can Tom possibly do that?
How can Tom possibly do this anymore at his age?
How can Tom possibly do what you're doing?
How can Tom possibly take care of himself?
How can Tom possibly win?
How can Tom quit?
How can Tom reduce water usage in his garden?
How can Tom sleep through all this noise?
How can Tom smile at a time like this?
How can Tom still be hungry?
How can Tom stop us?
How can Tom win if he has no competitors?
How can Tom win?
How can Yanni work four jobs every day?
How can Ziri teach all those subjects?
How can Ziri win the fight?
How can a change of attitude be achieved?
How can a country call itself democratic if it obliges its citizens to vote?
How can a dog be trained not to beg for food?
How can a duplicate phrase be deleted?
How can a duplicate sentence be removed?
How can a man come to know himself? Never by thinking, but by doing. Try to do your duty, and you will know at once what you are worth.
How can a person be so stupid?
How can a presentation be made interesting?
How can a router be used to limit network speed?
How can a skinny person like you eat so much?
How can a woman be expected to be happy with a man who insists on treating her as if she were a perfectly normal human being?
How can a woman defend herself?
How can a world produce evil when it's created by an omnibenevolent God?
How can anybody be satisfied with these results?
How can anybody be satisfied?
How can anybody hate Christmas?
How can anybody read in this room?
How can anyone be satisfied with these results?
How can anyone be satisfied?
How can anyone be so naive?
How can anyone be so stupid?
How can anyone catch him?
How can anyone criticize this?
How can anyone eat dip this salty?
How can anyone get away from him?
How can anyone kill a person and stay calm?
How can anyone sleep with all this commotion going on?
How can anyone think Tom is a good boss?
How can anyone think that Tom is a good boss?
How can anyone trust anything Tom says? He's a pathological liar.
How can anything survive here?
How can banks prepare for the next recession?
How can brown sugar be stored to prevent hardening?
How can context help us understand the meaning?
How can copyright laws be enforced?
How can democracy be promoted in Algeria?
How can elected officials rage about deficits when we propose to spend money on preschool for kids, but not when we're cutting taxes for corporations?
How can flocks of birds, schools of fish or herds of antelope suddenly change direction — all the individuals adjusting their movement in concert, at seemingly the same time?
How can he be racist when he shook hands with a black person once?
How can he be so sure of that?
How can he be so sure?
How can he bear all that?
How can he charge so much for a service of such poor quality?
How can he defend himself now?
How can he deny God's existence?
How can he do homework at a time like this?
How can he forget the past.
How can he write a poem successfully?
How can he write an accent in Chleuh now?
How can he write dinner in czech now?
How can he write happiness in english?
How can it affect them?
How can it be done in one day?
How can it be done?
How can it be resolved?
How can it be right to blame them when, if we were in their shoes, global economic forces would demand that we behaved pretty much the same?
How can it be so cold when the sun is shining?
How can it be that mathematics, being after all a product of human thought independent of experience, is so admirably adapted to the objects of reality?
How can it be that mathematics, being after all a product of human thought which is independent of experience, is so admirably appropriate to the objects of reality? Is human reason, then, without experience, merely by taking thought, able to fathom the properties of real things.
How can it be that you don't know?
How can it be?
How can it get any worse?
How can it have come to this?
How can kids help?
How can leprechauns move so fast?
How can life get any better?
How can love love love?
How can malaria be contained?
How can mirrors be real if our eyes aren't real?
How can my car be converted to LPG?
How can one achieve such brilliant results?
How can one answer any question, without knowing the answer?
How can one be a good contributor at Tatoeba?
How can one be serious with the world when the world itself is so ridiculous!
How can one be so stupid?
How can one become a Muslim?
How can one correct mistakes when writing in Kabyle in LibreOffice?
How can one explain the concept of "existentialism"?
How can one know who is the author of the pericope about the woman taken in adultery in the Gospel of John?
How can one live without pork?
How can one love a girl who remains hidden?
How can one not chuckle at the Islamic faith.
How can one open a can without having anything sharp at hand?
How can one profit from this book as much as possible?
How can one remove a duplicate sentence?
How can one stop smoking?
How can our relationship continue if you don't love me?
How can people be so blind?
How can people be so cruel?
How can people be so dumb?
How can people be so stupid and ignorant?
How can people be so stupid?
How can people do that?
How can people do things like that?
How can people do things like this?
How can people get more out of life?
How can people help us?
How can people help?
How can people like you and me keep on hating and killing each other?
How can physical abuse affect us later in life?
How can rattlesnakes localise their prey and track it through grass and bushes, after they wound it, if they're fully deaf?
How can school meals be made healthier?
How can she assure the future of your business to potential investors?
How can she be so sure of that?
How can she be so sure?
How can she speak that fast?
How can she stand it?
How can she talk so much about nothing?
How can ships be buoyant when not even rocks are?
How can so many things go wrong at once?
How can somebody like me get a loan?
How can someone be so unconscientious?
How can someone know if they're a good singer or not?
How can someone like me get a loan?
How can someone protect themselves effectively against cybercriminals?
How can someone so rich be so unhappy?
How can someone so rich be unhappy?
How can someone so rich complain so much?
How can someone who has hundreds of millions of dollars possibly be unhappy?
How can someone who knows the language so well have such a thick accent?
How can something like this happen?
How can something so simple become so complicated?
How can something so wrong feel so right?
How can something that freaks me out be so funny?
How can speaking your mind be wrong?
How can such big mistakes happen?
How can that be a solution?
How can that be achieved?
How can that be correct?
How can that be done?
How can that be good for you?
How can that be possible?
How can that be?
How can that happen?
How can the Israeli government get away with it?
How can the US help Taiwan in case of a Chinese invasion?
How can the West totally censor Islam on the Internet?
How can the bombings be stopped?
How can the burden of debt be lowered?
How can the debt burden be reduced?
How can the government fight corruption in Algeria?
How can the government run the country if they ignore families?
How can the learning process be documented?
How can the little snail grow inside its stone prison?
How can there be a traffic jam now, as late as 6 o'clock?
How can there be a traffic jam now, as late as 6 o’clock?
How can there exist a creature as adorable as a cat?
How can these new technologies help?
How can these problems be solved?
How can they afford that place?
How can they afford the legal fees?
How can they be sure of that?
How can they be sure?
How can they condone this?
How can they do something like that?
How can they do that?
How can they do this?
How can they do what they're doing?
How can they forget the past.
How can they just make up stuff like that?
How can they live with themselves?
How can they lose?
How can they not be accountable?
How can they pull it off?
How can they still be here?
How can they stop us from going to school?
How can they stop us?
How can they think of TikTok in a time like this?
How can things be perfect?
How can things like that happen?
How can this be accomplished?
How can this be achieved?
How can this be done?
How can this be explained?
How can this be happening?
How can this be possible?
How can this be real?
How can this be resolved?
How can this be stopped?
How can this be true?
How can this be?
How can this gym afford to stay open 24/7?
How can this help?
How can this magic seal be removed?
How can this not be good?
How can this not work?
How can this occur?
How can this possibly be safe?
How can this tiny ant generate so much body energy?
How can this work?
How can three men divide $5? I'll give each of them only $1, and I'll keep $2.
How can three men divide $5? I’ll give each of them only $1, and I’ll keep $2.
How can tick bites be avoided?
How can two people get along, when the third is crooked?
How can video games inspire us to make better applications for e-learning?
How can voters be so ignorant?
How can we abolish war?
How can we accomplish that?
How can we achieve a balance between work and personal life?
How can we achieve that goal?
How can we achieve that?
How can we afford all of this?
How can we allow this?
How can we ask for humans to respect nature, the planet and the animals if respect between them does not exist?
How can we avoid all this?
How can we avoid that problem?
How can we avoid that?
How can we avoid trouble?
How can we be more effective?
How can we be of help?
How can we be of service to him?
How can we be sure Tom knows what he's doing?
How can we be sure Tom will do that?
How can we be sure he's honest?
How can we be sure of his honesty?
How can we be sure?
How can we believe a word Tom says?
How can we believe anything Tom is telling us?
How can we believe anything that Tom is telling us?
How can we believe you?
How can we best support learners to become balanced bilinguals?
How can we break free from procrastination?
How can we break out of this vicious circle?
How can we buy British goods?
How can we calculate the Earth's speed if we don't have a reference point?
How can we capitalize on that?
How can we change that?
How can we change this dream into reality?
How can we combat climate change?
How can we compete with that?
How can we contact Tom?
How can we contact you?
How can we continue together if you no longer love me?
How can we convince Tom that it wasn't his fault?
How can we convince Tom to do that?
How can we convince Tom?
How can we cut costs?
How can we de-escalate the conflict?
How can we deal with the autumn blues?
How can we deal with this situation?
How can we defend ourselves?
How can we define equilibrium for a system of moving particles?
How can we differentiate between surpressing feelings and "being stoic"?
How can we diffuse the conflict?
How can we dispel their doubts and fears?
How can we do better than this?
How can we do better?
How can we do that?
How can we do this faster next time?
How can we do this for less money?
How can we do this?
How can we earn their trust?
How can we efficiently deal with all the food allergies in the school cafeteria kitchen?
How can we efficiently purify water using the least amount of energy?
How can we encourage more people to participate in future events?
How can we encourage more people to protect the environment?
How can we encourage the promotion of democracy in Algeria?
How can we end inflation in Algeria?
How can we end the pandemic?
How can we end war?
How can we escape?
How can we ever repay you?
How can we ever thank you?
How can we ever trust Tom again?
How can we expect another to keep our secret if we have been unable to keep it ourselves?
How can we expect men to be gentlemen when women themselves aren't ladies?
How can we explain it?
How can we explain that to Tom?
How can we explain this?
How can we fail?
How can we find Tom?
How can we find a house painter whom we can rely on?
How can we find her?
How can we find him?
How can we find out more about Tom?
How can we find out what's causing it?
How can we find them?
How can we fix Algeria's economy?
How can we fix the problem?
How can we fix this error?
How can we fix this mistake?
How can we fix this problem?
How can we fix this?
How can we forget what happened?
How can we generate and distribute even more resources?
How can we get Algeria's terrible economy working again?
How can we get Tom back on the team?
How can we get Tom to do that for us?
How can we get Tom to stop doing that?
How can we get across the moat?
How can we get across the river?
How can we get across this river?
How can we get all the way to the moon?
How can we get in?
How can we get more customers into our store?
How can we get one of those?
How can we get out of here?
How can we get past this crisis?
How can we get the ball away from the dog?
How can we get this done by Monday evening?
How can we get this done on time?
How can we get to the bottom of it?
How can we get what we need?
How can we get what we want?
How can we go to the beach without beach beds?
How can we have any self-respect if we don't even try to make our goals a reality?
How can we help Tom?
How can we help out?
How can we help people?
How can we help them?
How can we help you?
How can we help?
How can we hope to attract investors when taxes are so high?
How can we identify Internet trolls?
How can we improve our chances of success?
How can we improve our response to natural disasters?
How can we improve this?
How can we improve?
How can we irrigate crops on Mars?
How can we join the team?
How can we keep Tom from doing that?
How can we keep from making this same mistake again?
How can we kill time?
How can we know for sure?
How can we learn Berber?
How can we learn from this?
How can we learn the truth?
How can we let this happen?
How can we live longer, healthier lives?
How can we lower costs?
How can we make Algeria appealing to investors?
How can we make Mars habitable?
How can we make Mars' atmosphere thicker?
How can we make Mars' water ice thaw?
How can we make a difference in the world?
How can we make airplane food worth eating?
How can we make it up to you for all that you have suffered because of us?
How can we make our world better?
How can we make sure that bigger really is better for everybody?
How can we make sure that bigger really is better for everyone?
How can we make that better?
How can we make this a win-win situation?
How can we make tourism grow in Algeria?
How can we measure the depth of a valley?
How can we meet new people?
How can we not listen to them?
How can we overcome the crisis?
How can we persuade Tom?
How can we please Tom?
How can we possibly do that?
How can we predict death? Well, in 100% of cases, death is preceded by life.
How can we prepare for future environmental challenges?
How can we preserve our forests?
How can we prevent bullying?
How can we prevent him from continuing?
How can we prevent mistakes like this from happening again?
How can we prevent something like this from happening again?
How can we prevent that from happening?
How can we prevent that?
How can we prevent this from happening again in the future?
How can we prevent this from happening again?
How can we prevent this?
How can we promote democracy in Algeria?
How can we protect our citizens?
How can we protect ourselves against coronavirus?
How can we protect ourselves against the coronavirus?
How can we protect ourselves against the stress and pressure of daily life?
How can we protect ourselves from Tom?
How can we protect ourselves from coronavirus?
How can we protect ourselves from the coronavirus?
How can we protect ourselves?
How can we protect the environment better?
How can we protect them?
How can we prove Tom is innocent?
How can we prove Tom's innocence?
How can we prove it actually happened?
How can we prove it?
How can we prove that?
How can we put a stop to this injustice?
How can we put a stop to this madness?
How can we put it into practice?
How can we put up with that?
How can we rank these?
How can we reach Tom?
How can we reduce costs?
How can we reduce poverty in Algeria?
How can we reduce the number of highway accidents?
How can we reduce this gap?
How can we refuse?
How can we rescue Tom?
How can we save Tom?
How can we save her?
How can we save him?
How can we save our forests?
How can we save the earth?
How can we save them?
How can we sleep at night when there's so much suffering in the world?
How can we solve Algeria's problems?
How can we solve the problem?
How can we solve this for good?
How can we solve this problem?
How can we spread Esperanto?
How can we stop Tom from doing that?
How can we stop Tom from using a peaceful internet community to run campaigns against politicians, the media, billionaires and international organizations?
How can we stop Tom?
How can we stop Ziri?
How can we stop inflation in Algeria?
How can we stop the war?
How can we stop them?
How can we stop this guy?
How can we stop this kind of thing from happening again?
How can we stop this madness?
How can we stop this?
How can we surprise Tom?
How can we survive on Mars?
How can we survive?
How can we take action against him?
How can we take matters into our own hands?
How can we take this sitting down?
How can we tell the dancer from the dance?
How can we tell what's right and what's wrong?
How can we tell?
How can we thank you?
How can we trust Tom?
How can we trust this plan if it is talked about in such overblown terms?
How can we wait?
How can world peace be brought about?
How can you accuse me of such a thing? I would never lay a hand on my child.
How can you afford a place like this?
How can you afford another suit?
How can you afford something like this?
How can you apply for a Russian visa if you're Mexican?
How can you argue with logic like that?
How can you arrive at this time?
How can you ask me that?
How can you ask such a question?
How can you assert that?
How can you avoid being bitten by a tick?
How can you avoid the dangers of the Internet?
How can you avoid tick bites?
How can you be angry with Tom?
How can you be certain of that?
How can you be certain that it's really about him?
How can you be certain you haven't made a mistake?
How can you be certain?
How can you be contacted?
How can you be disappointed?
How can you be exempt from fasting during Ramadan?
How can you be friends with someone so mean?
How can you be from Australia if it's not real?
How can you be late three times in a week?
How can you be proud of a man like that?
How can you be reached?
How can you be so apathetic about your wife's problem?
How can you be so blind?
How can you be so callous?
How can you be so calm about everything?
How can you be so calm at a time like this?
How can you be so calm knowing that an asteroid is about to hit the earth?
How can you be so calm?
How can you be so certain you haven't made a mistake?
How can you be so certain?
How can you be so cheerful about this?
How can you be so confident?
How can you be so cruel?
How can you be so cynical?
How can you be so gullible?
How can you be so heartless and how can you so easily turn a blind eye to the huge suffering of others? I strongly invite you to show more humanity.
How can you be so heartless?
How can you be so indifferent to your wife's trouble?
How can you be so indifferent to your wife’s trouble?
How can you be so insensitive?
How can you be so judgmental?
How can you be so naive?
How can you be so oblivious?
How can you be so optimistic about the future?
How can you be so optimistic?
How can you be so passive? Why don't you retaliate?
How can you be so passive? Why don’t you retaliate?
How can you be so patient?
How can you be so pessimistic?
How can you be so selfish?
How can you be so smart and so stupid at the same time?
How can you be so stupid?
How can you be so sure of that?
How can you be so sure that your husband never cheated on you?
How can you be so sure?
How can you be successful?
How can you be such a liar?
How can you be such a pessimist?
How can you be such an idiot?
How can you be sure Tom will do what you ask?
How can you be sure Tom's telling the truth?
How can you be sure it'll work?
How can you be sure of that?
How can you be sure that Tom and Mary don't do that?
How can you be sure that Tom doesn't do that?
How can you be sure that he's honest?
How can you be sure that never happens?
How can you be sure that's going to happen?
How can you be sure that's not going to happen?
How can you be sure that's true?
How can you be sure what the Bible says is true?
How can you be sure your girlfriend isn't faking her orgasms?
How can you be sure your girlfriend isn’t faking her orgasms?
How can you be sure?
How can you be this pessimistic?
How can you bear such a humiliation?
How can you bear this heat?
How can you become happy? By making others happy.
How can you believe such a thing?
How can you believe that she made away with the papers?
How can you believe that?
How can you believe these things?
How can you believe without knowing? Maybe feelings are more intense than thoughts.
How can you benefit by being so unpleasant?
How can you best acquire a foreign language?
How can you blame me? I would never lay a hand on my son.
How can you break the news to her?
How can you build a ship in a bottle?
How can you call them foreigners when they've been here just as long as you have?
How can you call this a free country when you're not allowed to buy a gun?
How can you compare them?!
How can you compare?
How can you compete with that?
How can you concentrate?
How can you contact Tom?
How can you contribute to our organisation?
How can you contribute?
How can you control it?
How can you cook here?
How can you cope with so little money?
How can you criticize that?
How can you cut an onion without crying?
How can you defend yourself now?
How can you demonstrate that God doesn't exist?
How can you deny climate change?
How can you deny it?
How can you disappear from my life like this?
How can you distinguish an edible mushroom from an inedible one?
How can you distinguish between a Gecko and a Newt?
How can you do that?
How can you do the same thing every day without getting bored?
How can you do the same thing every day?
How can you do this to a kid?
How can you do this to me?
How can you do this?
How can you doubt his word?
How can you doubt me?
How can you eat an enchilada without salsa?
How can you eat at a time like this?
How can you eat only rich food like this every day?
How can you eat so much?
How can you eat that?
How can you eat this much?
How can you endure such cold?
How can you even ask me that question?
How can you even ask me that?
How can you even ask that question?
How can you even ask that?
How can you even compare them?
How can you even face me after what you did?
How can you even joke about that?
How can you even sleep at night?
How can you ever be satisfied?
How can you explain that?
How can you feel safe without a gun in your home?
How can you feel sorry for someone like that?
How can you fix a broken heart?
How can you fix it?
How can you forget a language so easily?
How can you forget?
How can you get Tom to heed the comments with suggested corrections?
How can you get a chicken bone out of your throat?
How can you get a warrant?
How can you get rid of damp in walls?
How can you get to the stadium?
How can you get to the station from here?
How can you give something that you don't have?
How can you give your brain the stimulation it needs?
How can you give your children such ridiculous names?
How can you go back in time?
How can you go on so blithely, pretending nothing's wrong, when something so horrible has happened?
How can you guys steal someone else's stuff?
How can you have a belfry without bats?
How can you have a laptop and not a cell phone?
How can you have a laptop, but no mobile?
How can you have one without the other?
How can you heal from this?
How can you hear him?
How can you help Tom?
How can you help a drowning person?
How can you help her?
How can you help him?
How can you help me?
How can you help them?
How can you help us?
How can you help?
How can you hurt the servant that Allah has forgiven?
How can you ignore her?
How can you imagine that I don't love you anymore?
How can you just give up?
How can you just sit there and do nothing?
How can you just sit there?
How can you just stand there and do nothing while your countrymen are slaughtered?
How can you justify that Russians are special?
How can you justify that?
How can you justify your behavior?
How can you justify your claim?
How can you justify your rude behavior?
How can you know if it helps or not?
How can you know if somebody loves you?
How can you know if someone loves you?
How can you know that for sure?
How can you know that?
How can you know what a politician truly thinks?
How can you know?
How can you learn a language quickly?
How can you let your daughter marry somebody like Tom?
How can you let your daughter marry someone like Tom?
How can you listen to that asshole?
How can you listen to that?
How can you live like this?
How can you live without music?
How can you lose?
How can you make a living from selling newspapers?
How can you make any children's TV shows at all if having straight characters in a children's show is sexualizing them?
How can you make shortcuts to the pages you use frequently?
How can you make such a comment?
How can you make your way in life without a good education?
How can you marry your daughter off to someone like Sami?
How can you mend a broken heart?
How can you not be excited about today?
How can you not be happy about that?
How can you not be influenced by American music?
How can you not know that you're gorgeous?
How can you not know that?
How can you not know what Tom looked like?
How can you not know you're gorgeous?
How can you not know?
How can you not laugh at the religion of Islam.
How can you not laugh?
How can you not like Christmas?
How can you not like Tom?
How can you not like her?
How can you not like him?
How can you not like horses?
How can you not like the sun?
How can you not like this?
How can you not love a cat like this?
How can you not love someone like that?
How can you not love when there is one consciousness and you know that you and the other are not really separate?
How can you not remember?
How can you not respect them?
How can you not see that?
How can you not trust me?
How can you pick just one?
How can you possibly allow all these sites to know everything you do?
How can you possibly believe collective punishment is a good idea?
How can you possibly help me?
How can you possibly know about the drinking?
How can you possibly know that?
How can you possibly tame a tiger?
How can you prepare for the worst?
How can you protect something so perfect without evil?
How can you protect yourself from the risk of mosquito-borne illnesses?
How can you protect yourself?
How can you prove it?
How can you put up with Tom's corny jokes?
How can you put up with that guy?
How can you put up with the noise?
How can you read so fast?
How can you read this stuff?
How can you read thoughts?
How can you really help?
How can you recognize the keywords that an application should contain?
How can you retire?
How can you say something like that?
How can you say such a foolish thing?
How can you say such a horrible thing?
How can you say such a silly thing?
How can you say such a thing!?
How can you say such a thing?
How can you say such nonsense?
How can you say that after everything we've been through?
How can you say that our soldiers died in vain?
How can you say that to me?
How can you say that to my face?
How can you say that with a straight face?
How can you say that you have nothing to wear? Your closet is full of clothes.
How can you say that?
How can you say they're Franquists when they weren't even born during Franco's time?
How can you see into my eyes?
How can you see the difference?
How can you shorten this cable?
How can you simply say something so stupid?
How can you sleep at a time like this?
How can you sleep at night?
How can you sleep with all this happening?
How can you speak our secret language?
How can you speak such flawless German?
How can you spot a fake?
How can you stand all these noises?
How can you stand being around Tom all the time?
How can you stand it?
How can you stand living here?
How can you stand that fierce heat all day?
How can you stand the noise?
How can you stand the smell?
How can you stand there and just let Tom die?
How can you stand this heat?
How can you stand this high temperature?
How can you stand this noise?
How can you stand this smell?
How can you stand wearing such a heavy coat on such a hot day?
How can you still be hungry?
How can you stomach that hokey docusoap?
How can you stop us?
How can you succeed?
How can you suggest such a thing to me?
How can you talk about Yanni that way?
How can you talk that way about your oldest friend?
How can you tell Tom and Mary aren't happy?
How can you tell Tom from John?
How can you tell Tom is a policeman?
How can you tell Tom isn't happy?
How can you tell a good watermelon from a bad one?
How can you tell a venomous snake from a non-venomous one?
How can you tell an Englishman from an American?
How can you tell fact from fiction?
How can you tell good English from bad English?
How can you tell how big it is?
How can you tell how small it is?
How can you tell if Tom and Mary are lying?
How can you tell if Tom is lying?
How can you tell if a boy likes you?
How can you tell if a girl likes you?
How can you tell if a mushroom is edible or poisonous?
How can you tell if a mushroom is edible?
How can you tell if a mushroom is poisonous?
How can you tell if a pineapple is ripe?
How can you tell if it's a fake?
How can you tell if someone is in a gang?
How can you tell if someone likes you?
How can you tell if someone's in love with you?
How can you tell if that's true?
How can you tell that a politician is lying?
How can you tell the difference between good and bad metal?
How can you tell the difference?
How can you tell them apart?
How can you tell when Tom and Mary are lying?
How can you tell when Tom is lying?
How can you tell which one is a fake?
How can you tell which strand is 5' to 3' on DNA?
How can you tell who's happy and who isn't?
How can you tell who's innocent and who's guilty?
How can you tell who's sane and who's insane?
How can you tell?
How can you think of food at a time like this?
How can you tolerate such a deed?
How can you tolerate that rude fellow?
How can you tolerate this state of affairs?
How can you translate a sentence which doesn't exist?
How can you translate a sentence which doesn’t exist?
How can you translate what you don't understand?
How can you treat your own flesh and blood that way?
How can you treat your own mother like that?
How can you trust Tom?
How can you trust her?
How can you trust him?
How can you trust them?
How can you trust these people?
How can you turn a blind eye to that?
How can you turn down a deal like that?
How can you unclog a toilet without a plunger?
How can you want to be my friend? Can't you see that I'm a wretch?
How can you watch a movie without popcorn?
How can you watch such macabre movies without having nightmares?
How can you watch this stuff?
How can you work in a store with such a salary?
How can you, a mere mortal, dare criticise Tom?
How can your cat tweet?
How can your strengths help you achieve your goals?
How careful are you in the sun?
How careful is Tom?
How careless he was to pinch his fingers in the door!
How careless you are to forget such an important thing!
How certain are you that Tom can do that?
How certain are you that Tom knows how to do that?
How certain are you that he's a criminal?
How certain are you that he’s a criminal?
How characteristically quirky of him to give you both a dozen roses and a dozen camellias, and have them fight to the death!
How charmed I am when I overhear a German word which I understand!
How charming!
How clever Tom is!
How clever she is!
How clever this dog is!
How clever!
How close are they?
How close are you and Tom?
How close are you to Tom?
How close are you to her?
How close are you to him?
How close are you to them?
How close do you think we are to solving this problem?
How close is that island?
How close is too close?
How close to Tom have you gotten?
How close to each other were you standing?
How close were you?
How closely are insects and crustaceans related?
How closely are zebras and horses related?
How closely related are the Semitic and Berber language families?
How closely related are the Semitic and Berber languages?
How clumsy of me!
How clumsy of me.
How cold did it get last night?
How cold does it get here in the winter?
How cold does it get in Australia?
How cold does it get in Boston in the winter?
How cold does it get in Boston?
How cold is Canada?
How cold is it going to get?
How cold is it here?
How cold is it in Boston right now?
How cold is it outside?
How cold is it where you are?
How cold is it where you live?
How cold is it?
How cold is too cold to go outside?
How cold is too cold?
How cold it is!
How cold it was in the room!
How cold will it get?
How come Donald didn't freeze?
How come I can't see Tom?
How come I can't see her?
How come I can't see him?
How come I can't see them?
How come I didn't call Mary?
How come I didn't close the door?
How come I didn't know about this place?
How come I didn't lock the door?
How come I didn't roll the car window up?
How come I didn't take my phone?
How come I didn't think of this before?
How come I don't care about such things?
How come I haven't seen you here before?
How come I'm the only one who ever mows the lawn around here?
How come I've never seen you here before?
How come Mary is going on a picnic with him?
How come Matthew never told us he had dated a famous actress?
How come Tom didn't do that?
How come Tom didn't fight?
How come Tom didn't finish?
How come Tom finds it so easy to learn languages?
How come Tom gets to be an essential worker while Mary loses her job?
How come Tom gets to be promoted, and I don't?
How come Tom hasn't come?
How come Tom isn't making lunch?
How come Ursula von der Leyen is still smiling in the European Parliament after her corruption scandal and not in prison?
How come all of the people for these jobs are men?
How come all the cute guys are gay?
How come are you still not sleeping?
How come everyone is suddenly called Tom?
How come everyone's so energetic?
How come girls are usually easier to talk to than guys?
How come he didn't show up?
How come he didn’t show up?
How come he hates Molly?
How come he is going to accept the proposal?
How come learning languages is so easy for Tom?
How come no one did anything?
How come nobody did anything?
How come nobody ever hitchhikes anymore?
How come none of my babysitters ever looked like you?
How come only girls get to be vampire slayers? That's so sexist!
How come pumpkins are traditional on Halloween?
How come she hung up on you?
How come she's got balls?
How come so many people enjoy going to Kyoto?
How come that happened to us?
How come that idiot is here?
How come the guys I want never want me?
How come the sky is blue?
How come these apples are wormy although they've been sprayed?
How come this fucking apartment has no double-glazing? I'm freezing.
How come this never happened before?
How come this never happens to me?
How come we didn't figure this out earlier?
How come we didn't hear about this before now?
How come we don't hang out here more often?
How come we're different?
How come we're not doing better?
How come we're talking about me and not about you?
How come we've never done this before?
How come women in many countries take the surname of their husbands?
How come you accepted?
How come you and I are together?
How come you appeared like that?
How come you are always so angry?
How come you are here?
How come you are so slow?
How come you aren't taking me?
How come you aren’t taking me?
How come you arrive at this time?
How come you ask?
How come you ate the cucumber, you dimwit? You knew that I wanted to make a cucumber mask!
How come you became a furry?
How come you call on us so late at night?
How come you did that?
How come you didn't bring it home?
How come you didn't call me last night?
How come you didn't call me?
How come you didn't come to the party?
How come you didn't come?
How come you didn't do it?
How come you didn't do that?
How come you didn't get any apples?
How come you didn't phone me last night?
How come you didn't ring me last night?
How come you didn't say anything?
How come you didn't see the sheep?
How come you didn't stop by yesterday?
How come you didn't tell Tom about me?
How come you didn't tell me Tom and Mary were going to Boston with us?
How come you didn't tell me Tom was going to Australia with us?
How come you didn't tell me Tom was going to Boston with us?
How come you didn't tell me that Tom was going to Australia with us?
How come you didn't tell me that Tom was going to Boston with us?
How come you didn’t call me last night?
How come you didn’t come to the party?
How come you didn’t say anything?
How come you don't believe me?
How come you don't do that?
How come you don't help?
How come you don't know this?
How come you don't know your own name?
How come you don't know?
How come you don't like me any more?
How come you don't like me anymore?
How come you don't look like your friends?
How come you don't play basketball with the rest of us more often?
How come you don't play the banjo anymore?
How come you don't ring or call around anymore? Have I done something to offend you?
How come you don't seem to care what happens?
How come you don't sing?
How come you don't want to sleep?
How come you don't wear that hat anymore?
How come you don’t know this?
How come you guys go to bed at ten at night, and don't wake up until noon?
How come you have not started yet after a day.
How come you haven't said anything about it until now?
How come you know English so well?
How come you know French so well?
How come you know Tom didn't come to school today?
How come you know all this?
How come you know him so well?
How come you know it so well?
How come you know so much about Japanese history?
How come you know so much about Tatoeba?
How come you know so much about Tom?
How come you know so much?
How come you made such a mistake?
How come you never ask simple questions?
How come you never brought me here before?
How come you never even look at me?
How come you never invite us over to your house?
How come you never told Tom about Mary?
How come you never told me about Tom?
How come you never told me this before?
How come you never told me you already knew Tom?
How come you never told me you couldn't speak French?
How come you never told me you were from Australia?
How come you never told me you were from Boston?
How come you never told that me you were from Australia?
How come you only gave me a hamburger? Isn't this a meal set of a hamburger, French fries and a drink?
How come you only gave me a hamburger? Isn’t this a meal set of a hamburger, French fries and a drink?
How come you say nothing?
How come you speak French so well?
How come you went out from home and you didn't tell your mom?
How come you weren't here?
How come you're able to speak this language?
How come you're always in a good mood?
How come you're always so energetic?
How come you're doing this for me?
How come you're here?
How come you're home already?
How come you're late?
How come you're not asleep yet?
How come you're not dead?
How come you're not done yet?
How come you're not dressed?
How come you're not going to buy a blue one?
How come you're not married?
How come you're not the boss?
How come you're so busy?
How come you're so crazy?
How come you're so late?
How come you're so nice to me?
How come you're so slow?!
How come you're so tired?
How come you're still working?
How come you're the only one here besides me?
How come you're working so late?
How come you've been feeling so exhausted since this morning?
How come you've never been here before?
How come you've never helped us before?
How come you've never mentioned me to your friends?
How come your Spanish is that good?
How come your face is so soft?
How come your fingerprints are on this glass?
How come you’re always so energetic?
How come you’re still working?
How come?
How comes it that you were there?
How common are cholera outbreaks?
How common are meteorite strikes?
How common are problems like this?
How common are surgical errors?
How common are these kinds of problems?
How common is intelligent life in the universe?
How common is intelligent life?
How common is it in your country for students to work at the universities where they study? What is the work-study experience like there?
How common is it to see kangaroos and koalas in Austria?
How common is that?
How common is this?
How complex can it be?
How complex is it?
How complex?
How complicated can it be?
How complicated could it be?
How concerned are you about identity theft adversely affecting you?
How confident are you that the bailout bill will stabilize the economy?
How confident are you that they will get these repairs completed by Monday?
How confident are you that they'll get these repairs completed by Monday?
How confident do you feel?
How confident would you say you are?
How considerate of you!
How convenient!
How cool is that!
How cool is that?
How cool is this?
How cool was that?
How cool would it be if Obama grew a nice, thick afro!
How cool would that be?
How cooperative was Tom?
How could Algeria achieve democratic maturity?
How could Damiano possibly be there?
How could Donald afford to do that?
How could Felix have gotten in?
How could Gabor have a crush on the teacher?
How could God do that to us?
How could Her Majesty be wrong..?
How could I agree to this?
How could I be a robot? Robots can't dream.
How could I be a robot? Robots can’t dream.
How could I be a robot? Robots don't dream.
How could I be a robot? Robots don’t dream.
How could I be so irresponsible?
How could I be so stupid?
How could I become free from myself?
How could I betray Tom?
How could I blame Ziri after all?
How could I choose between Mary and Alice?
How could I comfort you?
How could I deny Tom that?
How could I dissuade her from that idea?
How could I do that alone?
How could I do that?
How could I ever forget Tom?
How could I ever forget you?
How could I ever forgive Tom?
How could I ever refuse?
How could I ever trust you?
How could I expect you to understand?
How could I feign surprise?
How could I forget Tom?
How could I forget something like that?
How could I forget the kindness of your heart?
How could I forget the smile on your angelic face?
How could I forget you?
How could I forget?
How could I go from making a decent income to barely anything?
How could I guess? You change your opinion every three seconds!
How could I hate Tom?
How could I hate her?
How could I hate him?
How could I hate them?
How could I have been so blind?
How could I have been so stupid?
How could I have been so wrong?
How could I have been such a jerk?
How could I have done it without you?
How could I have done it?
How could I have done that?
How could I have fallen in love with her so quickly?
How could I have fallen in love with him so quickly?
How could I have forgotten it?
How could I have forgotten my passport?
How could I have forgotten that?
How could I have forgotten?
How could I have known Tom would get so upset by my comments?
How could I have known it was Tom?
How could I have known that it was Tom?
How could I have known that?
How could I have known?
How could I have let that happen?
How could I have lived if I had been denied the company of a dictionary?
How could I have lost track of that much time?
How could I have missed all the clues?
How could I have not noticed that?
How could I have possibly known that Tom would run away from home?
How could I have possibly known that would be the last time I ever saw Tom?
How could I have possibly known that would happen?
How could I have possibly known that?
How could I have said such a thing?
How could I have saved them?
How could I have seen what you were doing while you were standing behind me? I haven't got eyes in the back of my head!
How could I have told Tom without telling everyone else?
How could I help it?
How could I help you?
How could I hoodwink him?
How could I know Tom would get so angry?
How could I know anything about your daughter?
How could I know it would take this long?
How could I know that Tom would get so angry?
How could I know that that was going to happen?
How could I know that was going to happen?
How could I know?
How could I lie to you?
How could I look Tom in the eye if I said yes?
How could I make him fall for it?
How could I not agree to do what Tom asked me to do?
How could I not be grateful for having this opportunity?
How could I not be grateful for this opportunity?
How could I not be optimistic?
How could I not become Muslim?
How could I not have heard that before?
How could I not have known it was you?
How could I not see this coming?
How could I not stumble?!
How could I not worry?
How could I pass up an opportunity like this?
How could I possibly eat at a time like this?
How could I possibly forget about the task that you've entrusted to me?
How could I possibly know where my dream man is? I mean, he's nowhere in sight and I see him nowhere in sight.
How could I possibly refuse?
How could I possibly say no?
How could I refuse?
How could I resist?
How could I say no?
How could I say this without hurting his feelings?
How could I say?
How could I sleep knowing that you were in the next room?
How could I sleep knowing you were in the next room?
How could I talk you in to staying for a while?
How could I tell Tom that?
How could I've forgotten that?
How could I've known it was Tom?
How could I've known that it was Tom?
How could I've let that happen?
How could James be so cruel?
How could Layla do something like this?
How could Linda look without her Shawi dress?
How could Mary have fallen in love with Tom so quickly?
How could Matthew know?
How could Sami do such a thing?
How could Sami have married such a woman?
How could Stefan see Amelia?
How could Tom and Mary do such a thing?
How could Tom and Mary do that to me?
How could Tom and Mary do that?
How could Tom and Mary even stay in the same room?
How could Tom and Mary have done such a crazy thing?
How could Tom and Mary possibly have anything to do with it?
How could Tom be a retired dentist, as shown in sentence #2957020, when it's already been revealed way back in sentence #1026235 that he died at a young age?
How could Tom be a terrorist?
How could Tom be late for work if he left home early?
How could Tom be late for work?
How could Tom be so careless?
How could Tom be so cold-hearted?
How could Tom be so cruel?
How could Tom be so heartless?
How could Tom be so insensitive?
How could Tom be so judgmental?
How could Tom be so mean?
How could Tom be so stupid?
How could Tom be such a fool?
How could Tom do a thing like that?
How could Tom do something like that?
How could Tom do something like this?
How could Tom do such a thing?
How could Tom do that to me?
How could Tom do that?
How could Tom do this now?
How could Tom do this to Mary?
How could Tom do this to me?
How could Tom do this to us?
How could Tom do this?
How could Tom eat so much?
How could Tom forget about that?
How could Tom forget you?
How could Tom get there?
How could Tom hate Mary?
How could Tom hate you?
How could Tom have agreed when he hadn't known about that matter?
How could Tom have been killed by his wife?
How could Tom have been so wrong?
How could Tom have done something like that?
How could Tom have done such a crazy thing?
How could Tom have done that without Mary noticing?
How could Tom have done that?
How could Tom have done what he did?
How could Tom have known about it?
How could Tom have known about that?
How could Tom have known that?
How could Tom have known where the money was hidden?
How could Tom have married such a woman?
How could Tom have misinterpreted the situation so completely?
How could Tom have possibly known that that was going to happen?
How could Tom have possibly known that was going to happen?
How could Tom hurt Mary?
How could Tom know that that was going to happen?
How could Tom know that was going to happen?
How could Tom know that?
How could Tom know where to find you?
How could Tom know?
How could Tom let this happen?
How could Tom lie to us?
How could Tom not be jealous?
How could Tom not have known that?
How could Tom not have noticed that?
How could Tom not know that that was going to happen?
How could Tom not know that was going to happen?
How could Tom not know what the rules are?
How could Tom not know what was going on?
How could Tom not know?
How could Tom not like me?
How could Tom not recognize me?
How could Tom possibly do that?
How could Tom possibly have known what I was doing?
How could Tom possibly know that unless you told him?
How could Tom possibly know that?
How could Tom possibly know what we did?
How could Tom possibly win?
How could Tom say no?
How could Tom say those things to me?
How could Tom win?
How could Yanni do this to Rima?
How could Yanni get supplies? He doesn't have any money.
How could Ziri be so rude?
How could Ziri do something like this to Rima?
How could Ziri do that again?
How could Ziri do this to Rima?
How could Ziri have done this?
How could Ziri hurt his sister like that?
How could Ziri lie about something like that?
How could a father not realize that his daughter was gone for two weeks?
How could a libertarian theme park possibly go wrong?
How could a mother have abandoned a child in a trash bin?
How could a teacher be so cold-hearted?
How could a teacher be so cruel?
How could a teacher be so heartless?
How could a teacher be so insensitive?
How could a teacher be so judgmental?
How could a translator accidentally call a fire extinguisher a hand grenade?
How could a woman hurt you?
How could all the Palestinians be transferred out of Palestine?
How could anybody do that to a child?
How could anybody do that to a dog?
How could anybody do that to an animal?
How could anybody hate this country?
How could anybody live in Boston?
How could anybody live in a place like this?
How could anybody not like this?
How could anyone be in there?
How could anyone be so cruel?
How could anyone be so stupid?
How could anyone be stupid enough to do that?
How could anyone disagree with that?
How could anyone do that to a child?
How could anyone do that to an animal?
How could anyone do that?
How could anyone ever forget that?
How could anyone forget it?
How could anyone hate Tom?
How could anyone hate this country?
How could anyone hate you?
How could anyone in their right mind disagree with this?
How could anyone in their right mind do something like that?
How could anyone in their right mind do that?
How could anyone live in Boston?
How could anyone live in a place like this?
How could anyone not like music?
How could anyone not like this?
How could anyone not love Tom?
How could anyone object to that?
How could anyone think that?
How could anything be worse than this?
How could everything go so wrong?
How could he be so naive?
How could he do such a thing?
How could he do that?
How could he drink so much?
How could he drink that much?
How could he have had so much money?
How could he have known?
How could he marry another woman one day after his previous wife death!
How could he possibly have effected that kind of change in that amount of time?
How could he possibly think that would work?
How could he see anything in such darkness?
How could he understand what I said?
How could he understand what I was saying?
How could he write the truth in burmese?
How could it all have gone so wrong?
How could it be Tom's fault?
How could it be any other way?
How could it be better?
How could it be dangerous?
How could it be done without my knowing?
How could it be my fault?
How could it be totally unacceptable to have more than one wife but totally acceptable to be promiscuous and have multiple sexual partners?
How could it be?
How could it happen all by itself? It seems someone's wicked design is involved here.
How could it have been done?
How could it have exploded?
How could it have gone wrong?
How could it have happened any other way than it did?
How could it have happened?
How could it not bother you?
How could it not matter?
How could it only come so far?
How could it possibly be otherwise?
How could it possibly be so bad?
How could it work?
How could one person cause so much damage?
How could real fighters allow themselves to be robbed by hyenas in 62'?
How could science lead someone to Islam?
How could she be so callous?
How could she be so naive?
How could she do such a thing?
How could she do that?
How could she eat so much?
How could she eat that much?
How could she eat this much?
How could she have been such an idiot?
How could she have known?
How could she have understood what I said?
How could so many people go along with this?
How could somebody do that to another human being, let alone their own mother?
How could someone be so stupid as to make a remark like that?
How could someone do that to another human being, let alone their own mother?
How could someone even come up with stuff like that?
How could someone like you understand what I'm feeling!
How could someone not see a police car with flashing lights?
How could someone shoot themselves in the back?
How could someone so happy and full of life want to end it all?
How could someone steal a backhoe?
How could something like that get lost?
How could something like that have gone unnoticed?
How could something like this happen?
How could something like this have gone unnoticed?
How could such a sad thing happen in such a happy place?
How could such a thing happen?
How could such an experienced pilot have made such a blunder?
How could such an important fact be left out?
How could that be a problem?
How could that be important?
How could that be?
How could that come into your brain?
How could that ever happen?
How could that fish have a lizard in its stomach?
How could that happen in this day and age?
How could that happen to Tom?
How could that happen?
How could that have happened without anyone noticing?
How could that have happened?
How could that have occurred?
How could that possibly be true?
How could that possibly help people?
How could that star be so bright and close to us?
How could that thought not have entered your head?
How could the Bible lead someone to Islam?
How could the Old Testament lead someone to Islam?
How could the colonists declare independence? I think that's against common sense.
How could the economy of Algeria be described?
How could there be a mistake?
How could there be a storm on a day as nice as this?
How could there be another woman just like Layla?
How could there be unbroken eggs under a toppled nest?
How could they ask me to do this?
How could they be so cruel?
How could they be wrong?
How could they do such a thing?
How could they do this?
How could they forget us?
How could they forget?
How could they have done it?
How could they have gotten that idea?
How could they have known?
How could they have let things get so bad?
How could they have missed such a detail?
How could they have missed that?
How could they leave their children all alone?
How could they lose if they were up by two goals? Surely there was foul play.
How could they not have put out this fire long ago when they had a chance?
How could they not know?
How could they put themselves in this kind of situation?
How could they tell?
How could they throw you out of the company? You've been there for fifteen years now!
How could they write a child in english?
How could things get any worse?
How could things get worse?
How could things have gone downhill so fast?
How could things have got so bad?
How could things have gotten so messed up?
How could things have gotten this bad?
How could things have happened this way?
How could this all happen?
How could this be happening?
How could this be possible?
How could this be?
How could this best be translated?
How could this happen to Tom?
How could this happen to me?
How could this happen to our children?
How could this happen to us?
How could this happen?
How could this happen? I thought you were on the pill.
How could this have happened again?
How could this have happened?
How could this sentence be translated?
How could this sort of thing possibly happen?
How could we do that?
How could we forget you?
How could we govern others when we cannot govern ourselves?
How could we handle this problem?
How could we hate them?
How could we have been so blind?
How could we have been so careless?
How could we have been so stupid?
How could we have been so wrong?
How could we have known?
How could we have let this happen?
How could we have made a mistake like this?
How could we have missed this?
How could we have not seen that?
How could we have prevented this from happening again?
How could we have prevented this from happening?
How could we have prevented this situation?
How could we improve it?
How could we not have noticed?
How could we not have seen that?
How could we not win?
How could we pass the time?
How could we possibly do anything else?
How could we write a sentence in English?
How could you accept them?
How could you agree to do that?
How could you agree to doing that without consulting me?
How could you allow it?
How could you allow this?
How could you allow yourself to be so naive?
How could you allow yourself to be so stupid?
How could you ask me such a thing?
How could you be so callous?
How could you be so careless?
How could you be so certain?
How could you be so cruel?
How could you be so disloyal?
How could you be so irresponsible?
How could you be so late!
How could you be so mean!
How could you be so selfish?
How could you be so stupid?
How could you be so sure?
How could you be so unkind?
How could you be sure we'd find our way back here?
How could you believe Tom?
How could you believe her?
How could you believe him?
How could you believe that?
How could you betray me like this, after all we've been through?
How could you betray us?
How could you dislike that winsome smile?
How could you do it to me?
How could you do something like that to your own brother?
How could you do such a terrible thing to your own brother?
How could you do such a thing to me?
How could you do such a thing?
How could you do that to Tom?
How could you do that to an old man?
How could you do that to her?
How could you do that to him?
How could you do that to me?
How could you do that to them?
How could you do that to us?
How could you do that?
How could you do these things?
How could you do this to Baya?
How could you do this to Mennad?
How could you do this to Tom?
How could you do this to her?
How could you do this to him?
How could you do this to me after all we've been through together?
How could you do this to me after everything we've been through together?
How could you do this to me again?
How could you do this to me?
How could you do this to them?
How could you do this to us, Tom?
How could you do this to us?
How could you do this?
How could you drink two glasses of turnips?
How could you escape without telling me anything, without a word?
How could you even forget that?
How could you even imagine doing such a thing?
How could you even think such a thing?
How could you ever ask me to forgive Elias?
How could you fall asleep when you were supposed to be watching the kids?
How could you fire your own children?
How could you forget Tom?
How could you forget it?
How could you forget?
How could you forgive her for what she did?
How could you forgive her?
How could you forgive him for what he did?
How could you forgive him?
How could you get in a situation like this?
How could you get involved with a woman like that?
How could you guys do this to me?
How could you hate stoats? They are so cute.
How could you have been so stupid?
How could you have forgotten about Tom?
How could you have known?
How could you have let it happen?
How could you have lost?
How could you have missed it?
How could you have possibly lost all that money?
How could you have started without me?
How could you help Tom?
How could you help me?
How could you help?
How could you humiliate me like that?
How could you hurt your own son?
How could you just go shopping and leave the baby home alone?
How could you just leave without saying goodbye?
How could you just sit there and watch them die?
How could you just walk out the door without saying goodbye?
How could you know for certain if you never asked?
How could you know that?
How could you know this was going to happen?
How could you know?
How could you leave Tom alone?
How could you leave a four-year-old child all alone?
How could you leave the baby alone in the car?
How could you leave the child alone?
How could you leave the children alone?
How could you leave without me?
How could you leave your baby alone in the car?
How could you let Tom and Mary do this?
How could you let Tom do that?
How could you let Tom do this?
How could you let Tom go?
How could you let her do this?
How could you let her go?
How could you let him do that?
How could you let him do this?
How could you let him go?
How could you let me oversleep?
How could you let something like that happen?
How could you let that happen again?
How could you let them do this to you?
How could you let them do this?
How could you let them go?
How could you let them kill our son?
How could you let this happen to me?
How could you let this happen?
How could you lie to me?
How could you lie to your mom about me?
How could you make such a foolish mistake?
How could you make such a mistake?
How could you miss it?
How could you miss that?
How could you not give me the message?
How could you not have known this?
How could you not have known what was going on between Tom and Mary?
How could you not have told me anything in that regard?
How could you not know that?
How could you not know what was going on between Tom and Mary?
How could you not know what was going on?
How could you not know what you were supposed to do?
How could you not know?
How could you not love Tom?
How could you not notice?
How could you not remember?
How could you not say something?
How could you not see me?
How could you not see this coming?
How could you not tell me about that?
How could you not tell me about this?
How could you not tell me that you're my father?
How could you not tell me you know my parents?
How could you possibly be the same person?
How could you possibly do that?
How could you possibly find this smell pleasing?
How could you possibly find this stench pleasing?
How could you possibly have known it was Tom?
How could you possibly help?
How could you possibly know?
How could you possibly remember that?
How could you possibly say this about my mother?
How could you put me in this position?
How could you resist Tom?
How could you resist her?
How could you resist him?
How could you resist them?
How could you say something like that?
How could you say such a thing?
How could you say that he did it? He's just a kid!
How could you say that?
How could you say yes without consulting me?
How could you stab me in the back like that?
How could you stand that?
How could you still be upset about that?
How could you stop my allowance?
How could you take that job without consulting me?
How could you tell I wanted to go home?
How could you tell Tom and Mary were bluffing?
How could you tell Tom and Mary were in pain?
How could you tell Tom and Mary weren't happy?
How could you tell Tom and Mary weren't having fun?
How could you tell Tom and not tell me?
How could you tell Tom didn't like his job?
How could you tell Tom to do that?
How could you tell Tom was bluffing?
How could you tell Tom was in pain?
How could you tell Tom wasn't happy?
How could you tell Tom wasn't having fun?
How could you tell her such a thing?
How could you think anything like that about him?
How could you think that about me?
How could you think that?
How could you trust him with your money?
How could you turn me in?
How could you understand what I'm feeling?
How could you understand what I'm going through?
How could you wait in line that long?
How could you want that?
How could you write a heart in basque?
How could you write such a letter?
How could you, Tom?
How could you?
How could you? Is our relationship really so cold?
How couldn't Ziri have not noticed that?
How couldn't Ziri have seen it?
How crazy are Tom and Mary?
How crazy is Tom?
How critical is long battery life?
How crowded it is!
How crowded was the bus?
How curious!
How cute is she?
How cute she looked as she waved her handkerchief from the window!
How cute they are!
How cute!
How cynical can you get?
How daft do you think I am?
How damaging to a company is bad publicity?
How dangerous are Tom and Mary?
How dangerous are ostriches?
How dangerous are the levels of radioactivity?
How dangerous are they?
How dangerous do foreign investors see Algeria?
How dangerous do you think this mission is going to be?
How dangerous is Tom?
How dangerous is an ostrich?
How dangerous is it to swim with dolphins?
How dangerous is it?
How dangerous is the coronavirus for elderly people?
How dangerous is the situation in India?
How dangerous is the situation?
How dangerous was that?
How dangerous would doing that be?
How dangerous would this be?
How dare he complain?
How dare he have sex with my wife?
How dare he open my letters!
How dare he!
How dare she have sex with my husband?
How dare she sleep with my husband?
How dare they say that about my family?
How dare you accuse Ziri of this?
How dare you accuse me of cheating!
How dare you accuse me of lying!
How dare you accuse me of that!
How dare you accuse one of my guests of uncouth behavior?
How dare you ask me for help!
How dare you be on first-name terms with Tom?
How dare you be so insulting to me?
How dare you behave like that!
How dare you behave so rudely!
How dare you call Yanni a liar?
How dare you call me a criminal!
How dare you call me a criminal?
How dare you call me a fool!
How dare you call me a hypocrite in front of all my friends?
How dare you call me a hypocrite!
How dare you call me a liar!
How dare you call me a racist!
How dare you call me a racist?
How dare you call me poor?
How dare you call me skinny and ugly!
How dare you call me stupid!
How dare you call me stupid?
How dare you call this crap food!
How dare you call this food poop?
How dare you come barging in here this way!
How dare you come into my house and act like you own the place!
How dare you come to my house after all the harm you've done to me?
How dare you criticize my way of life!
How dare you defy me!
How dare you defy me?
How dare you disobey me!
How dare you disrespect my authority?
How dare you do that to Tom!
How dare you do that to Tom?
How dare you do that to a girl, Tom?
How dare you do that to her!
How dare you do that to him!
How dare you do that to me!
How dare you do that to me?
How dare you do that to them!
How dare you do this to me again?
How dare you do this!
How dare you doubt me!
How dare you embarrass me like that!
How dare you enter my house without permission!
How dare you even talk to me?
How dare you fire one of my drivers?
How dare you go behind my back!
How dare you hit Tom!
How dare you hit me!
How dare you hit me?
How dare you hurt people this way!
How dare you imply that I was lying!
How dare you insinuate that I was lying!
How dare you insult Algeria?
How dare you insult Tom!
How dare you insult my country, Algeria?
How dare you insult my flag, the Algerian flag?
How dare you insult my intelligence!
How dare you insult my mother's memory?
How dare you insult my sister!
How dare you insult my wife's cooking!
How dare you insult the Algerian flag?
How dare you insult the Berber language?
How dare you insult the prophet Mary!
How dare you insult the prophetess Mary!
How dare you insult them?
How dare you judge me?
How dare you laugh at me!
How dare you laugh at me?
How dare you lay a hand on Ziri?
How dare you make fun of Tom!
How dare you make fun of me?
How dare you make light of the situation!
How dare you make light of this situation!
How dare you marry my daughter without my consent!
How dare you marry my daughter without my consent?
How dare you politicize a crisis.
How dare you question my authority!
How dare you question my integrity!
How dare you question my loyalty!
How dare you question my motives!
How dare you question my patriotism!
How dare you record me?
How dare you say such a thing to Tom!
How dare you say such a thing to her!
How dare you say such a thing to me!
How dare you say such a thing to me?
How dare you say such a thing!
How dare you say such a thing?
How dare you say such things about Tom!
How dare you say such things about Tom?
How dare you say such things about me!
How dare you say such things about me?
How dare you say that about Tom!
How dare you say that about my family?
How dare you say that that temple is a ruined temple...aren't you afraid of being struck by lightning?
How dare you say that to me!
How dare you say that to me?
How dare you say that!
How dare you say that's not relevant!
How dare you say that?
How dare you show up just like that?
How dare you show your face around here!
How dare you speak about Algeria like that?
How dare you speak about my husband in that disgusting way!
How dare you speak like that to me!
How dare you speak like that to me?
How dare you speak like that to your elders and betters!
How dare you speak like that!
How dare you speak like that?
How dare you speak of love, you who never knew Lola?
How dare you speak that way to my son!
How dare you speak to me in that tone of voice!
How dare you speak to me in that tone!
How dare you speak to me in this way!
How dare you speak to me like that!
How dare you speak to me like that?
How dare you speak to me that way!
How dare you speak to your mother like that!
How dare you talk about Mary like that!
How dare you talk about Tom like that!
How dare you talk about Tom that way!
How dare you talk about my daughter that way!
How dare you talk that way in front of my wife!
How dare you talk to me in that tone of voice!
How dare you talk to me in that tone of voice, young lady?
How dare you talk to me like that!
How dare you talk to my son like that!
How dare you talk to your parents that way!
How dare you tell Yanni that?
How dare you tell me such a thing.
How dare you tell me that?
How dare you tell me what I should or shouldn't do!
How dare you tell such a barefaced lie?
How dare you to talk in that tone with me!
How dare you touch my girlfriend?
How dare you treat me like a criminal!
How dare you trespass on my property!
How dare you turn my father's house into a market!
How dare you turn my father’s house into a market!
How dare you use me like this!
How dare you use that tone with me!
How dare you!
How dare you, Yanni?
How dare you, a mere mortal, criticise Tom?
How dare you, a mere mortal, presume to criticise Tom?
How dare you.
How dare you?
How dare you? I'm not a whore!
How dared you marry my daughter without my consent?
How dashing!
How dear is the repair?
How dear the woods are! You beautiful trees! I love every one of you as a friend.
How deep are the cuts?
How deep are the oceans?
How deep do you think the water is?
How deep does the ocean go?
How deep does the river get?
How deep is Lake Biwa?
How deep is it here?
How deep is it?
How deep is that chasm?
How deep is that hole?
How deep is that lake?
How deep is that well?
How deep is the abyss?
How deep is the hole?
How deep is the lake?
How deep is the mine?
How deep is the pond?
How deep is the pool?
How deep is the river?
How deep is this hole?
How deep is this lake?
How deep is this pit?
How deep is this pond?
How deep is this pool?
How deep is this river?
How deep is this well?
How deep is too deep?
How deep is your love?
How deep this lake is!
How deep?
How delicious this fruit is!
How delicious your dinner was!
How delicious!
How delightful!
How depressing is that?
How desperate are you?
How desperate can you be?
How desperate do you think Tom is?
How despicable do you have to be to do something like this?
How detailed was Tom's plan?
How detailed will the reform plans be?
How developed is Algeria?
How did 2012 start?
How did Abdelaziz Bouteflika manage to take control of the state?
How did Algeria achieve independence?
How did Algeria become Muslim?
How did Algeria end up like this?
How did Algeria get to this point?
How did Algeria handle the COVID-19 health crisis?
How did Algeria handle the pandemic?
How did Algeria repay its debt?
How did Algeria took a unique development path?
How did Algeria's economic crisis begin?
How did Algeria's economic crisis develop?
How did Algeria's key industries react to the sudden disruption by the COVID-19 pandemic?
How did Algerians live during their independence war?
How did Amy look?
How did Armstrong, Aldrin and Collins leave the moon on the way back?
How did Australian Aborigines define wealth?
How did Barbara do on her driver's test yesterday?
How did Barbara do on her driver’s test yesterday?
How did Barbara's driving test go yesterday?
How did Berbers manage to retain their culture?
How did Boldi end up in Martha's class again?
How did Boston get its name?
How did Bouteflika acquire so much power?
How did Bouteflika's allies destroy Algeria's economy?
How did Bruno get in there?
How did Dan pay Matt for the crime?
How did Daniel found out about Jessica's strength?
How did David know about the note?
How did Donald get so cute in just a month?
How did Earth form?
How did East Frisian tea culture come about? Presumably through the Netherlands' trade with its overseas colonies in East Asia.
How did Felix set up his camp?
How did French troops move to Algeria's interior?
How did Gabor end up in the basement?
How did Gabor's cat get here?
How did God change you?
How did God punish Cain for the murder of his brother Abel?
How did I agree to write something like this?
How did I come here?
How did I do you wrong?
How did I do?
How did I even make it this far without learning how to drive a car?
How did I get here?
How did I get into this mess, and how do I get out?
How did I get into this?
How did I get myself into this situation?
How did I know?!
How did I let him through?
How did I let this happen?
How did I look?
How did I lose!?
How did I manage to do that?
How did I manage to trick some people into liking me?
How did I miss him?
How did I miss it?
How did I miss that?
How did I miss this?
How did I not know about that?
How did I not know about this?
How did I not know that?
How did I not see that coming?
How did I not see this coming?
How did I not think of it?
How did I not think of this before?
How did I oversleep even though I went to bed early?!
How did I reach this conclusion?
How did Igor suddenly get good at writing?
How did Islam reach our country, Algeria?
How did Islam spread?
How did James know about that before?
How did John get Tom to give Mary so much money?
How did John know about Jessica's orange pajamas?
How did John spend the holidays?
How did Karl know Amelia was in the hospital?
How did Lajos dispose of the waste?
How did Lajos quit?
How did Mars get that name?
How did Mary break her leg?
How did Mary get Tom to cook dinner for her?
How did Mary get Tom to give her so much money?
How did Mary get Tom to help her with her homework?
How did Mary get Tom to help her?
How did Mary get you to help her clean the garage?
How did Mary get you to help her?
How did Mary know she needed that?
How did Mary know she was supposed to be here today?
How did Mary know she wasn't supposed to do that?
How did Mary know we were looking for her?
How did Mary know what she was supposed to do?
How did Mary like the gift you gave her?
How did Mary persuade Tom to go to Boston with her?
How did Mary react when she saw Tom doing that?
How did Mary react when she saw Tom?
How did Mary react when you told her that?
How did Mary take it when you told her?
How did Mary talk Tom into babysitting her children?
How did Mary talk Tom into helping her with her homework?
How did Mennad get over it?
How did Michael know where Linda was?
How did Mikhail Koshkin design the T-34 tank to be the best in the world?
How did Miroslav suddenly get so good at Berber?
How did Muhammad, peace be upon him, live his life?
How did Noah keep the animals from eating each other?
How did North Africa become Muslim?
How did Paul find Amelia's address?
How did Rima become a single mom?
How did Russia become an empire?
How did Sami change you?
How did Sami convert to Islam?
How did Sami react when he heard about Layla's test results?
How did Sami's gun get there?
How did South African comedian Trevor Noah do in his debut as host of the wildly popular American news satire "The Daily Show"?
How did Stefan get there so fast?
How did Tahitians define wealth?
How did TikTok achieve all that so quickly?
How did Tom accomplish that?
How did Tom act?
How did Tom actually do that?
How did Tom actually win?
How did Tom and Mary become friends?
How did Tom and Mary break their legs?
How did Tom and Mary come to Australia?
How did Tom and Mary come to Boston?
How did Tom and Mary do that?
How did Tom and Mary feel about that?
How did Tom and Mary first meet?
How did Tom and Mary get John to cook dinner for them?
How did Tom and Mary get John to give them so much money?
How did Tom and Mary get John to help them with their homework?
How did Tom and Mary get to know each other?
How did Tom and Mary get to know one another?
How did Tom and Mary get you to help them clean the garage?
How did Tom and Mary get you to help them?
How did Tom and Mary know they needed that?
How did Tom and Mary know they were supposed to be here today?
How did Tom and Mary know they weren't supposed to do that?
How did Tom and Mary know we were looking for them?
How did Tom and Mary know what they were supposed to do?
How did Tom and Mary like the gifts you gave them?
How did Tom and Mary look?
How did Tom and Mary lose their jobs?
How did Tom and Mary meet?
How did Tom and Mary persuade John to go to Boston with them?
How did Tom and Mary react when they saw John doing that?
How did Tom and Mary take it when you told them?
How did Tom and Mary talk John into babysitting their children?
How did Tom and Mary talk John into helping them with their homework?
How did Tom answer that question?
How did Tom answer?
How did Tom apologize?
How did Tom become a Canadian?
How did Tom become a billionaire?
How did Tom become a millionaire?
How did Tom become so rich?
How did Tom become the boss?
How did Tom behave?
How did Tom blow it?
How did Tom break his leg?
How did Tom change you?
How did Tom come here?
How did Tom communicate with Mary?
How did Tom contribute?
How did Tom convince Mary to marry him?
How did Tom convince you to come?
How did Tom cope with the problem?
How did Tom cross the river?
How did Tom damage this?
How did Tom deal with that?
How did Tom die?
How did Tom do it?
How did Tom do on his history test?
How did Tom do that?
How did Tom do this?
How did Tom do?
How did Tom earn the medal?
How did Tom end up in Boston?
How did Tom end up there?
How did Tom escape from prison?
How did Tom escape?
How did Tom even get here?
How did Tom even know about it?
How did Tom ever find us here?
How did Tom ever get Mary to go out with him?
How did Tom ever get so lucky?
How did Tom ever pass a background check?
How did Tom ever pass that test?
How did Tom ever talk you into doing this?
How did Tom ever talk you into this?
How did Tom explain that?
How did Tom feel about that?
How did Tom feel?
How did Tom find Mary?
How did Tom find out about that?
How did Tom find out about us?
How did Tom find out it was me who broke the window?
How did Tom find out that we'd be here?
How did Tom find out we'd be here?
How did Tom find out where I live?
How did Tom find out?
How did Tom find that job?
How did Tom find us?
How did Tom find you?
How did Tom fit in?
How did Tom fool us so easily?
How did Tom fool you?
How did Tom get Mary and John to stop fighting?
How did Tom get Mary to cook dinner for him?
How did Tom get Mary to do that?
How did Tom get Mary to eat her vegetables?
How did Tom get Mary to eat that?
How did Tom get Mary to give John so much money?
How did Tom get Mary to give him so much money?
How did Tom get Mary to go to the dance with him?
How did Tom get Mary to help him with his homework?
How did Tom get Mary to help him?
How did Tom get Mary to help?
How did Tom get Mary to leave?
How did Tom get Mary to lie?
How did Tom get Mary to sing?
How did Tom get Mary to smile?
How did Tom get away with that?
How did Tom get away?
How did Tom get caught?
How did Tom get down from the roof?
How did Tom get down there?
How did Tom get here?
How did Tom get his hands on so much money?
How did Tom get his point across?
How did Tom get his start?
How did Tom get home?
How did Tom get hurt?
How did Tom get in here?
How did Tom get in the house?
How did Tom get in this mess?
How did Tom get in?
How did Tom get injured?
How did Tom get into Mary's office?
How did Tom get into a fight?
How did Tom get into so much trouble?
How did Tom get into that mess?
How did Tom get into this mess?
How did Tom get into your house?
How did Tom get involved in this?
How did Tom get involved?
How did Tom get it so wrong?
How did Tom get it?
How did Tom get killed?
How did Tom get my number?
How did Tom get on in his exam?
How did Tom get one of those?
How did Tom get out of jail?
How did Tom get out of prison?
How did Tom get past the guards?
How did Tom get rich?
How did Tom get so dirty?
How did Tom get so lucky?
How did Tom get so rich?
How did Tom get that bruise on his leg?
How did Tom get that done so quickly?
How did Tom get that information?
How did Tom get that job?
How did Tom get that up there?
How did Tom get that?
How did Tom get there?
How did Tom get to Australia?
How did Tom get to Boston?
How did Tom get to be a partner?
How did Tom get to be so famous?
How did Tom get to be so rich?
How did Tom get to know Mary?
How did Tom get to the hospital?
How did Tom get to work this morning?
How did Tom get up there?
How did Tom get wind of the problem?
How did Tom get you to do that?
How did Tom get you to donate so much money?
How did Tom get you to help Mary?
How did Tom get you to help him clean the garage?
How did Tom get you to help him?
How did Tom get you to help?
How did Tom get you to sing?
How did Tom go to Australia?
How did Tom go to Boston?
How did Tom guess the answer?
How did Tom help?
How did Tom hurt you?
How did Tom injure his hand?
How did Tom insult you?
How did Tom keep Mary from doing that?
How did Tom know I used to live in Boston?
How did Tom know I wanted one of these?
How did Tom know I wanted to do that?
How did Tom know I was going to be here?
How did Tom know I was here?
How did Tom know Mary could do that?
How did Tom know Mary couldn't do that?
How did Tom know Mary knew French?
How did Tom know Mary knew how to do that?
How did Tom know Mary said that?
How did Tom know Mary was dead?
How did Tom know Mary was from Australia?
How did Tom know Mary was from Boston?
How did Tom know Mary was going to do that?
How did Tom know Mary wasn't going to be here?
How did Tom know Mary wasn't going to do that?
How did Tom know Mary would be here?
How did Tom know Mary would be in Australia?
How did Tom know Mary would be in Boston?
How did Tom know Mary would do that?
How did Tom know Mary would want to do that?
How did Tom know Mary would win?
How did Tom know Mary wouldn't be here today?
How did Tom know Mary wouldn't be here?
How did Tom know Mary wouldn't do that?
How did Tom know Mary wouldn't want to do that?
How did Tom know Mary wouldn't win?
How did Tom know about our plan?
How did Tom know about that?
How did Tom know about this?
How did Tom know he needed that?
How did Tom know he was supposed to be here today?
How did Tom know he wasn't supposed to do that?
How did Tom know so much about what went on here?
How did Tom know that I used to live in Boston?
How did Tom know that I wanted one of these?
How did Tom know that I wanted to do that?
How did Tom know that I was going to be here?
How did Tom know that I was here?
How did Tom know that Mary could do that?
How did Tom know that Mary couldn't do that?
How did Tom know that Mary knew French?
How did Tom know that Mary knew how to do that?
How did Tom know that Mary was dead?
How did Tom know that Mary was from Australia?
How did Tom know that Mary was from Boston?
How did Tom know that Mary was going to do that?
How did Tom know that Mary wasn't going to be here?
How did Tom know that Mary wasn't going to do that?
How did Tom know that Mary would be here?
How did Tom know that Mary would be in Australia?
How did Tom know that Mary would do that?
How did Tom know that Mary would want to do that?
How did Tom know that Mary wouldn't be here?
How did Tom know that Mary wouldn't do that?
How did Tom know that Mary wouldn't want to do that?
How did Tom know that before we did?
How did Tom know that that was going to happen?
How did Tom know that that would happen?
How did Tom know that was going to happen?
How did Tom know that we were going to be here?
How did Tom know that we were going to do that?
How did Tom know that we weren't going to do that?
How did Tom know that would happen?
How did Tom know that you could play the piano?
How did Tom know that you were going to do that?
How did Tom know that you were in Australia?
How did Tom know that you were in Boston?
How did Tom know that?
How did Tom know their names?
How did Tom know this was going to happen?
How did Tom know to look there?
How did Tom know we were coming?
How did Tom know we were going to be here?
How did Tom know we were going to do that?
How did Tom know we were going to do this?
How did Tom know we were looking for Mary?
How did Tom know we were looking for him?
How did Tom know we weren't going to do that?
How did Tom know what Mary was going to say?
How did Tom know what he had to do?
How did Tom know what he was supposed to do?
How did Tom know what to do?
How did Tom know what was going on here?
How did Tom know where Mary lived?
How did Tom know where Mary was going to be?
How did Tom know where Mary was?
How did Tom know where the treasure was buried?
How did Tom know where to find me?
How did Tom know where we were going?
How did Tom know which book Mary hadn't read?
How did Tom know which way to go?
How did Tom know who to give it to?
How did Tom know why Mary was absent?
How did Tom know you could play the piano?
How did Tom know you were going to do that?
How did Tom know you were going to say that?
How did Tom know you were in Australia?
How did Tom know you were in Boston?
How did Tom know?
How did Tom land that job?
How did Tom learn French?
How did Tom learn about you?
How did Tom learn to cook so well?
How did Tom like it?
How did Tom like the gift you gave him?
How did Tom look?
How did Tom lose all his money?
How did Tom lose all that weight?
How did Tom lose his job?
How did Tom lose so much weight so quickly?
How did Tom lose so much weight?
How did Tom make his fortune?
How did Tom make his money?
How did Tom make that much money?
How did Tom make use of that?
How did Tom manage that?
How did Tom manage to do that?
How did Tom manage to escape?
How did Tom manage to get all these things?
How did Tom manage to get away?
How did Tom manage to graduate from college?
How did Tom manage to last as long as he did?
How did Tom manage to lose so much weight so quickly?
How did Tom manage to win?
How did Tom mangle his hand?
How did Tom meet Mary?
How did Tom miss this?
How did Tom move it?
How did Tom not realize that Mary was depressed?
How did Tom not realize that Mary was in pain?
How did Tom offend Mary?
How did Tom pay for all this?
How did Tom pay the rent?
How did Tom persuade Mary to go to Boston with him?
How did Tom persuade Mary to help him?
How did Tom propose doing that?
How did Tom propose to do that?
How did Tom propose we do that?
How did Tom pull that off?
How did Tom react to that?
How did Tom react to the news?
How did Tom react to this?
How did Tom react when he saw Mary doing that?
How did Tom react when he saw Mary?
How did Tom react when you told him that?
How did Tom react?
How did Tom recognise you?
How did Tom reply to that question?
How did Tom reply?
How did Tom respond to that news?
How did Tom respond to that?
How did Tom respond to the attack?
How did Tom respond?
How did Tom seem to you on Monday afternoon?
How did Tom sleep?
How did Tom solve the problem?
How did Tom sound?
How did Tom sprain his ankle?
How did Tom start the fire?
How did Tom survive that?
How did Tom survive?
How did Tom take it when you told him?
How did Tom take it?
How did Tom take the news?
How did Tom take this news?
How did Tom talk Mary into babysitting his children?
How did Tom talk Mary into doing that?
How did Tom talk Mary into eating that?
How did Tom talk Mary into helping him with his homework?
How did Tom talk Mary into helping us?
How did Tom talk Mary into singing?
How did Tom talk Mary into that?
How did Tom talk you into doing this?
How did Tom talk you into that?
How did Tom tell Mary?
How did Tom think he could get away with this?
How did Tom threaten you?
How did Tom treat you?
How did Tom verify that?
How did Tom win three championships?
How did Tom win?
How did Tom's hearing go?
How did Tom's interview go?
How did Tom's name get on this list?
How did Tom's umbrella get here?
How did Vlad the Impaler get his epithet?
How did Wall Street get its name?
How did Yanni come up with that?
How did Yanni convert to Islam?
How did Yanni make these beautiful baskets?
How did Yanni present his views about that?
How did Yanni react to this?
How did Yuri manage to stay calm?
How did Ziri become a satanist?
How did Ziri convert to Islam?
How did Ziri end up working in Algeria?
How did Ziri even got out of prison?
How did Ziri find Islam?
How did Ziri find Rima?
How did Ziri find out where Rima lived?
How did Ziri get a house?
How did Ziri get home?
How did Ziri get into the school?
How did Ziri get over his needle phobia?
How did Ziri get up there?
How did Ziri know where to pick Rima up?
How did Ziri know who Rima was?
How did Ziri know?
How did Ziri learn so many Berber idioms?
How did Ziri manage to free himself from that lifestyle?
How did Ziri manage to stay alive alone in the woods?
How did Ziri save up the money for that?
How did Ziri set his camp up?
How did Ziri start his sheep farm?
How did Ziri style his office?
How did Ziri survive?
How did Ziri's big date go?
How did a convicted felon get a gun?
How did a nice guy like you get in a mess like this?
How did a taxi driver's son from working-class London make the unlikely journey to the top of the fashion world, and what made him end it all at the height of his powers?
How did a total stranger know his name?
How did all these goblins get here?
How did all this come about?
How did all this happen?
How did all this start?
How did colonization impact Algeria economically?
How did dance rehearsal go?
How did dinner go yesterday?
How did everyone react?
How did everything go?
How did he adjust his clock?
How did he answer?
How did he become Muslim?
How did he become a Muslim?
How did he become a singer?
How did he behave?
How did he build his house?
How did he come by this money?
How did he come here?
How did he come to Islam?
How did he come to be a singer?
How did he come to us?
How did he come?
How did he die?
How did he discover that?
How did he do it?
How did he do that?
How did he do this?
How did he do?
How did he earn his daily bread?
How did he end up in prison, son?
How did he escape?
How did he ever get so lucky?
How did he feel yesterday?
How did he find that out?
How did he find us?
How did he fool you?
How did he get a truck to flip over?
How did he get involved?
How did he get so good at making love?
How did he get so much money?
How did he get there?
How did he get to Boston?
How did he go about erecting his dwelling?
How did he guess it was me?
How did he know my name?
How did he know we were coming?
How did he know where to find me?
How did he know?
How did he learn Berber grammar?
How did he learn Italian?
How did he learn of his aunt's death?
How did he learn of his boss's death?
How did he learn of his brother's death?
How did he learn of his brother-in-law's death?
How did he learn of his cousin's death?
How did he learn of his dad's death?
How did he learn of his daughter's death?
How did he learn of his father's death?
How did he learn of his father-in-law's death?
How did he learn of his grandfather's death?
How did he learn of his grandmother's death?
How did he learn of his mom's death?
How did he learn of his mother's death?
How did he learn of his mother-in-law's death?
How did he learn of his parents' death?
How did he learn of his sister's death?
How did he learn of his sister-in-law's death?
How did he learn of his son's death?
How did he learn of his uncle's death?
How did he make his living in such poverty?
How did he manage that?
How did he manage to do that?
How did he manage to flee the scene of the crime?
How did he manage to flip over a truck?
How did he manage?
How did he predict it?
How did he react to the bad news?
How did he reply?
How did he respond to the news?
How did he respond?
How did he solve the problem?
How did he survive that?
How did he take the news?
How did he teach himself Italian?
How did he work out the big problem?
How did he work out the plan?
How did her son die?
How did his car get dented?
How did his family respond to his conversion to Islam?
How did his interview go?
How did his son die?
How did it all begin?
How did it all come about?
How did it all start?
How did it all work out?
How did it break the glass?
How did it break?
How did it change you?
How did it come about?
How did it come out?
How did it come to this?
How did it end?
How did it feel like?
How did it feel when it happened?
How did it feel?
How did it get here?
How did it get in?
How did it get there?
How did it go at the job interview?
How did it go last night?
How did it go with Tom last night?
How did it go with Tom?
How did it go with the chick?
How did it go yesterday at the interview?
How did it go yesterday?
How did it go, Tom?
How did it go?
How did it happen exactly?
How did it happen?
How did it make you feel?
How did it start?
How did it turn out?
How did it work out?
How did it work?
How did last night go?
How did life begin?
How did life happen on our planet?
How did life on Earth begin?
How did life start on Earth?
How did live ammunition get on set, anyway?
How did our country, Algeria, become Muslim?
How did people find out about it?
How did people find out that this was going on?
How did people in the year 1900 imagine the year 2000?
How did people know I wasn't Canadian?
How did people know that I wasn't Canadian?
How did people know that we weren't Canadians?
How did people know we weren't Canadians?
How did people sharpen their pencils before the invention of the pencil sharpener?
How did she become such a stick-in-the-mud?
How did she come here?
How did she come to know so much about fish?
How did she die?
How did she discover that?
How did she do this?
How did she do what?
How did she ever pass the test?
How did she feel yesterday?
How did she find out about that?
How did she find that out?
How did she fool you?
How did she get away with that?
How did she get into that class?
How did she get involved?
How did she get mixed up with such unpleasant people?
How did she get so popular so quickly?
How did she get such an idea into her head?
How did she get that?
How did she get there?
How did she get to know so much about fish?
How did she know my name?
How did she know we were coming?
How did she know where to find me?
How did she land that job?
How did she learn Berber?
How did she make that?
How did she manage that?
How did she manage to do that?
How did she predict it?
How did she predict that?
How did she respond to your suggestion?
How did she solve the problem?
How did she tell them?
How did someone like Tom Jackson become mayor?
How did someone so ugly get a job as a model?
How did such a person become mayor?
How did such a strange thing come about?
How did such a thing come about?
How did that affect you?
How did that affect your songwriting?
How did that all happen?
How did that all work out?
How did that become a law?
How did that change you?
How did that come about?
How did that decision impact your career?
How did that develop?
How did that end?
How did that feel?
How did that film end?
How did that get broken?
How did that get here?
How did that get in here?
How did that get in there?
How did that get into your head?
How did that get there?
How did that get up there?
How did that happen again?
How did that happen to me?
How did that happen?
How did that help us?
How did that make you feel?
How did that movie end?
How did that not go in?
How did that occur to you?
How did that occur?
How did that situation happen?
How did that thing get here?
How did that truck get all the way out there?
How did that vehicle end up here?
How did that wallet get there?
How did that whole thing happen?
How did that work out for you?
How did that work?
How did the Algerian government react?
How did the Amazonian Indians define wealth?
How did the Andean Indians define wealth?
How did the Industrial Revolution begin?
How did the Soviet Union manage to create a nuclear bomb?
How did the accident come about?
How did the accident happen?
How did the affair between Yanni and Rima take place?
How did the audition go?
How did the bot get here?
How did the car accident come about?
How did the car accident happen?
How did the cat manage to climb on the roof?
How did the company dream up its new ad campaign?
How did the conflict begin?
How did the dog bite the man?
How did the dog get in?
How did the exam go?
How did the fight begin?
How did the fight start?
How did the fighting start again in Western Sahara?
How did the film end?
How did the fire start?
How did the food taste?
How did the game come out?
How did the game end?
How did the game turn out?
How did the idea for this originally come up?
How did the interview go?
How did the job interview go?
How did the luncheon go?
How did the maths exam go?
How did the maths test go?
How did the meeting go?
How did the movie end?
How did the new president deal with the problem?
How did the news get out?
How did the operation go?
How did the others do?
How did the party go?
How did the photo session go?
How did the photographer get so close?
How did the pigs escape from their pen?
How did the plane crash come about?
How did the plane crash happen?
How did the police find out?
How did the police find us?
How did the police get here so quickly?
How did the presentation go?
How did the railway accident at Tokyo Station come about?
How did the railway accident at Tokyo Station happen?
How did the rain affect you?
How did the rehearsal go?
How did the secret get out?
How did the test feel?
How did the test go?
How did the thief manage to avoid being caught?
How did the thieves enter the house?
How did the three of you meet?
How did the traffic accident come about?
How did the traffic accident happen?
How did the trip go?
How did the true fighters manage to allow themselves to be skinned by hyenas in 62'?
How did the two of you get to know each other?
How did the two of you meet each other?
How did the two of you meet?
How did the wedding rehearsal go?
How did the world come into being?
How did the world's financial system get into such a mess?
How did their glasses get swapped? Even they themselves didn't understand it!
How did their glasses get swapped? Even they themselves didn’t understand it!
How did these drugs get here?
How did these eggs get broken?
How did they become celebrities?
How did they become friends?
How did they climb down?
How did they come by all that wealth?
How did they come here?
How did they dance! Not like opera-dancers. Not at all. And not like Madame Anybody's finished pupils. Not the least.
How did they die?
How did they do it?
How did they do that?
How did they do this?
How did they do?
How did they eat? - Very quickly.
How did they end up there?
How did they feel?
How did they find me?
How did they find out about Tom?
How did they find out about her?
How did they find out about him?
How did they find out about you?
How did they find out?
How did they find us?
How did they get away with it?
How did they get here in the first place?
How did they get here?
How did they get his DNA?
How did they get in here?
How did they get invited to this party?
How did they get so rich?
How did they get that poodle to keep a beret on its head long enough for a picture?
How did they get there?
How did they get to know each other?
How did they get to know one another?
How did they get together?
How did they go to town?
How did they kill her?
How did they know Tom?
How did they know how to make the bombs?
How did they know?
How did they leave?
How did they manage that?
How did they manage this?
How did they manage to do that?
How did they manage to escape?
How did they manage to keep this a secret for so long?
How did they meet?
How did they meet? By chance, like everyone else.
How did they solve the problem?
How did they stop it?
How did they treat you?
How did things get this far?
How did things go last night?
How did things go this afternoon?
How did things go with Tom?
How did things go yesterday?
How did things turn out?
How did things with your girlfriend work out?
How did this accident happen?
How did this accident occur?
How did this accident take place?
How did this all begin?
How did this all get started?
How did this all happen?
How did this all start?
How did this become your life?
How did this company get started?
How did this dangerous state come about?
How did this dog get in?
How did this effect you?
How did this even happen?
How did this get broken?
How did this get started?
How did this go under the radar?
How did this happen to Algeria?
How did this happen to me?
How did this happen to you?
How did this happen?
How did this interview come about?
How did this magazine get started?
How did this misunderstanding ever arise?
How did this project get started?
How did this project start?
How did this sand get here?
How did this suitcase get here?
How did this whole thing get started?
How did this window get broken?
How did those things get broken?
How did tonight go?
How did water come to Earth?
How did we come here?
How did we come to the conclusion that the Earth revolves around the Sun?
How did we do that?
How did we end up here?
How did we end up on the floor?
How did we get back here already?
How did we get back here?
How did we get here?
How did we get into so much trouble?
How did we get into this situation?
How did we get ourselves into this mess?
How did we get ourselves into this?
How did we get this deal?
How did we get to this point?
How did we let things get to this point?
How did we manage to do that?
How did we miss it?
How did we not know Tom was lying to us?
How did we not know Tom was unhappy?
How did we not know that Tom and Mary were lying to us?
How did we not know that Tom and Mary were unhappy?
How did we not know that Tom was lying to us?
How did we not know that Tom was unhappy?
How did we not know that that this was going to happen?
How did we not know that this was going to happen?
How did we not see it?
How did we reach this point?
How did we sink this low?
How did we win?
How did work go?
How did y'all meet?
How did you accomplish all this?
How did you accomplish that?
How did you accomplish this?
How did you achieve that?
How did you acquire all this wealth?
How did you acquire that information?
How did you acquire your wealth?
How did you actually do that?
How did you actually find that?
How did you actually get hold of these rare books?
How did you actually learn French?
How did you all decide that?
How did you all escape?
How did you all get here?
How did you already know that?
How did you and Dad meet?
How did you and Mom meet?
How did you and Tom become acquainted?
How did you and Tom become friends?
How did you and Tom feel about this?
How did you and Tom first meet?
How did you and Tom get along?
How did you and Tom get here?
How did you and Tom help?
How did you and Tom meet each other?
How did you and Tom meet?
How did you and Tom win?
How did you and that girl become acquainted?
How did you and your boyfriend first meet?
How did you and your girlfriend first meet?
How did you and your wife meet?
How did you answer Tom?
How did you answer her?
How did you answer him?
How did you answer that question?
How did you answer them?
How did you arrive at such a conclusion?
How did you arrive at that concept?
How did you arrive at that conclusion?
How did you arrive at this conclusion?
How did you arrive? - By foot.
How did you bake this meat? I still see it saying moo.
How did you become Muslim?
How did you become a Berber teacher?
How did you become a Canadian?
How did you become a Muslim?
How did you become a cop?
How did you become a furry?
How did you become a pastor?
How did you become a police officer?
How did you become a witch doctor?
How did you become acquainted with Tom?
How did you become acquainted?
How did you become an admin?
How did you become blind?
How did you become fluent in Berber?
How did you become interested in design?
How did you become interested in music?
How did you become interested in studying languages?
How did you become involved in this project?
How did you become involved with this project?
How did you become rich?
How did you become so fluent in French?
How did you become so rich?
How did you become so successful?
How did you become such a curmudgeon? You used to be so cheerful all the time.
How did you become such a good conservationist?
How did you become such an object of mockery?
How did you become the laughingstock of people?
How did you become wealthy?
How did you befriend Tom?
How did you both become acquainted?
How did you bounce back from that?
How did you break it?
How did you break the tool?
How did you break your arm?
How did you break your leg?
How did you bring in the new year?
How did you bruise your knee?
How did you build your business?
How did you burn your hand?
How did you burn yourself?
How did you bust out of jail?
How did you buy your car?
How did you celebrate Christmas last year?
How did you celebrate Christmas?
How did you celebrate New Year's Eve?
How did you celebrate your birthday?
How did you celebrate your last birthday?
How did you change your clothes so fast?
How did you change your clothes so quickly?
How did you check your facts?
How did you chip your tooth?
How did you choose it?
How did you clean that?
How did you come across the concert?
How did you come by all this money?
How did you come by an admission ticket for the auto show free of charge?
How did you come by such a big sum of money?
How did you come by such a job?
How did you come by such a large sum of money?
How did you come by that fine gold watch?
How did you come by that much money?
How did you come by the money?
How did you come by these books?
How did you come by these rare books?
How did you come by this information?
How did you come by this money?
How did you come by this painting?
How did you come by those rare books?
How did you come here today?
How did you come here?
How did you come to Australia?
How did you come to Boston?
How did you come to Islam?
How did you come to accept them?
How did you come to accept?
How did you come to be the joke of all?
How did you come to be there?
How did you come to believe that?
How did you come to hear of it?
How did you come to hear that?
How did you come to know about her?
How did you come to know each other?
How did you come to know her?
How did you come to know it?
How did you come to know one another?
How did you come to know such a wonderful girl?
How did you come to know that gentleman?
How did you come to know this?
How did you come to love her?
How did you come to school?
How did you come to that conclusion?
How did you come to think of that?
How did you come up with all this?
How did you come up with such a good excuse?
How did you come up with such a good idea?
How did you come up with that answer?
How did you come up with that idea?
How did you come up with that number?
How did you come up with that?
How did you come up with the idea for this book?
How did you come up with the idea for this exhibition?
How did you come up with the idea for this show to begin with?
How did you come up with the idea for this?
How did you come up with the idea?
How did you come up with this approach?
How did you come up with this crazy idea?
How did you come up with this idea?
How did you come up with this plan?
How did you come up with this rating system?
How did you come up with this solution?
How did you come up with this?
How did you convince Tom not to leave?
How did you convince Tom to do that?
How did you convince Tom to give you so much money?
How did you convince Tom to go to Australia?
How did you convince Tom to go to Boston with you?
How did you convince Tom to go to Boston?
How did you convince Tom to help us paint the barn?
How did you convince Tom to help you?
How did you convince Tom to sing?
How did you convince Tom to wash your car for you?
How did you convince Tom?
How did you convince her?
How did you convince him?
How did you convince them?
How did you convince your parents to let you stay home from school?
How did you cook this soup?
How did you cook this?
How did you cope?
How did you cross the river?
How did you cut your arm?
How did you cut your hand?
How did you dare!
How did you deal with jealousy?
How did you deal with that problem?
How did you deal with that?
How did you deal with the matter?
How did you decide how much to pay Tom?
How did you decide to form the band?
How did you decide which one to choose?
How did you decide?
How did you describe the mission to Tom?
How did you describe the project to Tom?
How did you determine that?
How did you determine this?
How did you develop this rating system?
How did you discover Tom's hiding place?
How did you discover that Tom was the one who had embezzled the money?
How did you discover that?
How did you discover the truth?
How did you do in the exam?
How did you do in the test?
How did you do in your exam?
How did you do in your test?
How did you do it so quickly?
How did you do it without our help?
How did you do it?
How did you do on sports day?
How did you do on the Berber test?
How did you do on the ESL exam?
How did you do on the quiz?
How did you do on the test?
How did you do on today's test?
How did you do on your biology test?
How did you do on your exam?
How did you do on your finals?
How did you do so much in so little time?
How did you do that so fast?
How did you do that so quickly?
How did you do that without any help?
How did you do that without our help?
How did you do that?
How did you do this?
How did you do?
How did you draw this picture?
How did you dress for Halloween?
How did you embody your idea?
How did you end up accepting them?
How did you end up being Tom's manager?
How did you end up deciding on doing a thing like this?
How did you end up here in the first place?
How did you end up here?
How did you end up in Australia?
How did you end up in Boston?
How did you end up in foster care?
How did you end up in jail?
How did you end up in this God-forsaken place?
How did you end up like this?
How did you end up living in Tom's basement?
How did you end up making everyone laugh?
How did you end up on your own?
How did you end up there?
How did you enjoy the concert?
How did you enjoy the movie?
How did you enjoy the party?
How did you enjoy the play?
How did you enjoy the reception?
How did you enjoy your time in Boston?
How did you enjoy your trip?
How did you enjoy your vacation?
How did you enter my room?
How did you enter the tunnel?
How did you escape?
How did you even end up there?
How did you even manage that?
How did you even meet him?
How did you ever do that?
How did you ever find out about Tom?
How did you ever find out about that?
How did you ever find us?
How did you ever get Tom to give you that painting?
How did you ever get out of it?
How did you ever learn Berber?
How did you ever manage to do that?
How did you ever marry such a beautiful woman?
How did you expect me to know it was wrong?
How did you express disagreement?
How did you fall down there?
How did you fall into the swamp? Somebody pushed us.
How did you fall into the swamp? Somebody shoved us.
How did you fall into the swamp? Someone shoved us.
How did you feel about all that?
How did you feel about me at first?
How did you feel about that?
How did you feel about the game?
How did you feel afterwards?
How did you feel at night?
How did you feel the morning after that party?
How did you feel then?
How did you feel when Mary said that?
How did you feel when Tom said that?
How did you feel when he said that?
How did you feel when she said that?
How did you feel when that happened?
How did you feel when you fell into the swamp? We were all shocked.
How did you figure all this out?
How did you figure it out?
How did you figure out Tom and Mary were the ones who did that?
How did you figure out Tom was the one that did it?
How did you figure out Tom was the one who did it?
How did you figure out Tom was the one who did that?
How did you figure out this problem?
How did you figure that out?
How did you figure this all out?
How did you find Tom's hiding place?
How did you find Tom?
How did you find a hair in the soup if I'm bald?
How did you find her?
How did you find him?
How did you find it?
How did you find me?
How did you find me? Did Tom tell you where I was?
How did you find my house?
How did you find out Tom could do that?
How did you find out Tom couldn't do that?
How did you find out Tom didn't enjoy doing that?
How did you find out Tom didn't have to do that?
How did you find out Tom didn't need to do that?
How did you find out Tom didn't want to do that?
How did you find out Tom enjoys doing that?
How did you find out Tom had to do that?
How did you find out Tom needed to do that?
How did you find out Tom wanted to do that?
How did you find out Tom was sick?
How did you find out about it?
How did you find out about our company?
How did you find out about that?
How did you find out about them?
How did you find out about this place?
How did you find out about this?
How did you find out about us?
How did you find out about what happened?
How did you find out about what we did?
How did you find out it was Tom who stole your bicycle?
How did you find out it was me?
How did you find out it was my birthday?
How did you find out that I like this fish?
How did you find out that Tom and Mary enjoy doing that?
How did you find out that Tom and Mary like doing that?
How did you find out that Tom and Mary were able to do that?
How did you find out that Tom and Mary were the ones who did that?
How did you find out that Tom and Mary were the ones who had eaten your sandwiches?
How did you find out that Tom and Mary weren't the ones who did that?
How did you find out that Tom couldn't do that?
How did you find out that Tom did that?
How did you find out that Tom didn't do that?
How did you find out that Tom didn't enjoy doing that?
How did you find out that Tom didn't have to do that?
How did you find out that Tom didn't know how to do that?
How did you find out that Tom didn't like doing that?
How did you find out that Tom didn't need to do that?
How did you find out that Tom didn't want to do that?
How did you find out that Tom enjoys doing that?
How did you find out that Tom hadn't paid his bills?
How did you find out that Tom kissed Mary?
How did you find out that Tom knew how to do that?
How did you find out that Tom likes doing that?
How did you find out that Tom wanted to do that?
How did you find out that Tom was able to do that?
How did you find out that Tom was sick?
How did you find out that Tom was the one who did that?
How did you find out that Tom was the one who had eaten your sandwich?
How did you find out that Tom wasn't the one who did that?
How did you find out that your brother lived there?
How did you find out where I live?
How did you find out where Tom and Mary live?
How did you find out where Tom and Mary were?
How did you find out where Tom lives?
How did you find out where Tom was?
How did you find out you didn't have to do that?
How did you find out you didn't need to do that?
How did you find out you had to do that?
How did you find out you needed to do that?
How did you find out?
How did you find someone to teach you French?
How did you find that book?
How did you find that film?
How did you find that out?
How did you find that?
How did you find the keys?
How did you find the time to do this?
How did you find the time to get everything done?
How did you find the time to read so many books?
How did you find them?
How did you find this cave?
How did you find this place?
How did you find this site?
How did you find this sweater?
How did you find this?
How did you find us?
How did you find your part-time job?
How did you find your vacation to Germany?
How did you find your way here?
How did you finish so quickly?
How did you first come up with this idea?
How did you first encounter Islam?
How did you first get into cycling?
How did you first learn about our school?
How did you first meet Tom?
How did you first meet her?
How did you first meet him?
How did you first meet them?
How did you first react?
How did you fix that?
How did you fix the car?
How did you form this opinion of Algeria?
How did you fracture your shoulder?
How did you gain thirty pounds in three weeks?
How did you get Mary to go out with you?
How did you get Tom in there?
How did you get Tom not to come?
How did you get Tom out of that room?
How did you get Tom to admit he was the one who stole your wallet?
How did you get Tom to admit that he was the one who stole your wallet?
How did you get Tom to agree?
How did you get Tom to buy that for you?
How did you get Tom to change his mind?
How did you get Tom to come back?
How did you get Tom to come?
How did you get Tom to do it?
How did you get Tom to do that for you?
How did you get Tom to do that?
How did you get Tom to donate so much money?
How did you get Tom to give you so much money?
How did you get Tom to help you clean out the garage?
How did you get Tom to help you?
How did you get Tom to help?
How did you get Tom to kiss Mary?
How did you get Tom to laugh?
How did you get Tom to let you do that?
How did you get Tom to let you drive?
How did you get Tom to let you win?
How did you get Tom to marry you?
How did you get Tom to quit drinking?
How did you get Tom to say yes?
How did you get Tom to shut up?
How did you get Tom to smile?
How did you get Tom to stop doing that?
How did you get Tom to talk to Mary?
How did you get Tom to talk to you?
How did you get Tom to talk?
How did you get Tom to tell you that?
How did you get a better price than I did?
How did you get a gig like that?
How did you get a naked picture of me?
How did you get a nickname like that?
How did you get acquainted with her?
How did you get across the desert?
How did you get across the river?
How did you get ahead of me?
How did you get all that?
How did you get all the way back here?
How did you get an erection in the middle of a serious talk?
How did you get away?
How did you get back here?
How did you get back so soon?
How did you get caught?
How did you get down here?
How did you get from Boston to Chicago?
How did you get her to laugh?
How did you get her to say yes?
How did you get here ahead of us?
How did you get here before I did?
How did you get here before me?
How did you get here so fast?
How did you get here so quickly?
How did you get here today?
How did you get here – by bus or by train?
How did you get here, by bus or by train?
How did you get here?
How did you get him to laugh?
How did you get him to say yes?
How did you get home yesterday?
How did you get home?
How did you get hurt so badly?
How did you get hurt?
How did you get in here?
How did you get in my house?
How did you get in my room?
How did you get in such a pickle?
How did you get in the house?
How did you get in there?
How did you get in?
How did you get in? Do you have a key?
How did you get injured?
How did you get inside?
How did you get inside? Do you have a key?
How did you get interested in art?
How did you get interested in finance?
How did you get interested in hang gliding?
How did you get interested in wine?
How did you get into Harvard?
How did you get into coaching?
How did you get into comedy?
How did you get into my apartment without a key?
How did you get into my apartment?
How did you get into my flat?
How did you get into my house?
How did you get into my office?
How did you get into my room?
How did you get into our room?
How did you get into radio?
How did you get into that business?
How did you get into that line of work?
How did you get into that profession?
How did you get into the building?
How did you get into the house?
How did you get into the room?
How did you get into the tunnel?
How did you get into this building?
How did you get into this business?
How did you get into this line of work?
How did you get into this mess?
How did you get into this room?
How did you get into this school?
How did you get into this?
How did you get into trouble?
How did you get invited?
How did you get involved in book publishing?
How did you get involved in doing this show?
How did you get involved in the fight?
How did you get involved in this project?
How did you get involved with Tom?
How did you get involved with her?
How did you get involved with him?
How did you get involved?
How did you get it in here?
How did you get it?
How did you get like this?
How did you get me up here?
How did you get my address?
How did you get my number?
How did you get my phone number?
How did you get our address?
How did you get out of dancing with Tom?
How did you get out of doing that?
How did you get out of helping your father clean out the garage?
How did you get out of jail?
How did you get out of there?
How did you get out of your room?
How did you get over the difficulty?
How did you get past security?
How did you get past the alarm system?
How did you get past the guards?
How did you get past the perimeter?
How did you get permission to do that?
How did you get permission?
How did you get roped into doing this?
How did you get so dirty?
How did you get so fat?
How did you get so good at French?
How did you get so good at backgammon?
How did you get so good at doing that?
How did you get so good at this?
How did you get so rich?
How did you get so smart?
How did you get so strong?
How did you get started in this business?
How did you get started in wrestling?
How did you get stuck?
How did you get such a large amount of money?
How did you get that black eye?
How did you get that box opened?
How did you get that bruise on your face?
How did you get that bruise on your knee?
How did you get that bruise on your leg?
How did you get that bruise?
How did you get that bump on your head?
How did you get that idea?
How did you get that information?
How did you get that job?
How did you get that much money?
How did you get that nickname?
How did you get that price?
How did you get that scar on your arm?
How did you get that scar on your cheek?
How did you get that scar on your chin?
How did you get that scar on your forehead?
How did you get that scar on your left hand?
How did you get that scar on your leg?
How did you get that scar?
How did you get that?
How did you get the door open?
How did you get the free ticket for the car show?
How did you get the idea for that movie?
How did you get the idea for this movie?
How did you get the idea?
How did you get the job?
How did you get them to laugh?
How did you get them to say yes?
How did you get them?
How did you get there?
How did you get these books?
How did you get these tickets?
How did you get these?
How did you get this bruise?
How did you get this idea?
How did you get this injury on your foot?
How did you get this job?
How did you get this money?
How did you get this number?
How did you get this picture?
How did you get this rusty junk approved by the Technical Inspection Association?
How did you get this?
How did you get those blue spots on your legs?
How did you get those bruises on your face?
How did you get those bruises on your legs?
How did you get those scabs?
How did you get those scars on your arm?
How did you get those?
How did you get through anaesthesia?
How did you get through anesthesia?
How did you get through your depression?
How did you get tickets for the concert?
How did you get to Australia so quickly?
How did you get to Australia?
How did you get to Boston so quickly?
How did you get to Boston?
How did you get to be a cop?
How did you get to be so cute?
How did you get to be so cynical?
How did you get to be so rich?
How did you get to be so strong?
How did you get to be this way?
How did you get to do that?
How did you get to know Mary?
How did you get to know Tom?
How did you get to know about her?
How did you get to know each other?
How did you get to know he was ill?
How did you get to know her?
How did you get to know him?
How did you get to know she was ill?
How did you get to know that person?
How did you get to know the Jacksons?
How did you get to know them?
How did you get to play the violin?
How did you get to school today?
How did you get to school?
How did you get to the airport?
How did you get to the hospital?
How did you get to the stadium?
How did you get to the station?
How did you get to the train station?
How did you get to work this morning?
How did you get to work yesterday?
How did you get up there?
How did you get wounded?
How did you get your clothes so dirty?
How did you get your first job?
How did you get your funding?
How did you get your golem to come to life?
How did you get your hands on these documents?
How did you get your job?
How did you get your nickname?
How did you get your start?
How did you get yourself into this situation?
How did you get yourselves into this situation?
How did you go home?
How did you go to Australia?
How did you go to Boston?
How did you go?
How did you guess I was Tom?
How did you guess it was me?
How did you guess that?
How did you guess?
How did you guys celebrate Christmas?
How did you guys end up in Australia?
How did you guys end up in Boston?
How did you guys find me?
How did you guys first meet each other?
How did you guys get here today?
How did you guys get in?
How did you guys get started?
How did you guys meet each other?
How did you guys meet?
How did you handle it?
How did you handle that?
How did you handle the situation?
How did you happen to end up here?
How did you happen to end up there?
How did you happen to see them doing it?
How did you hear about Tatoeba in the first place?
How did you hear about that?
How did you hear about this job?
How did you hear about this position?
How did you hear about us?
How did you hear the news?
How did you help Tom?
How did you help her?
How did you help him?
How did you help them?
How did you hit on that?
How did you hit upon such an idea?
How did you hook up with Tom?
How did you hurt your arm?
How did you hurt your back?
How did you hurt your hand?
How did you hurt your leg?
How did you hurt your neck?
How did you hurt yourself?
How did you interpret what I said?
How did you kill Tom?
How did you kill her?
How did you kill him?
How did you kill the cockroach?
How did you kill the guards?
How did you kill them?
How did you know I already knew how to do that?
How did you know I couldn't do that?
How did you know I didn't do that?
How did you know I didn't kiss Tom?
How did you know I didn't like Tom?
How did you know I didn't want to do that?
How did you know I didn't want to go to Australia?
How did you know I didn't want to go to Boston?
How did you know I didn't want to kiss Tom?
How did you know I failed my French test?
How did you know I grew up in Australia?
How did you know I grew up in Boston?
How did you know I had a dog?
How did you know I like Tom?
How did you know I liked Tom?
How did you know I needed more money?
How did you know I needed one of these?
How did you know I needed to do that?
How did you know I said that?
How did you know I used to do that?
How did you know I used to live in Australia?
How did you know I used to live in Boston?
How did you know I used to teach French in Australia?
How did you know I used to teach French in Boston?
How did you know I wanted one of these?
How did you know I wanted to be alone?
How did you know I wanted to be in Australia?
How did you know I wanted to be in Boston?
How did you know I wanted to do that today?
How did you know I wanted to do that?
How did you know I wanted to go to Australia?
How did you know I wanted to go to Boston?
How did you know I wanted to kiss Tom?
How did you know I wanted to speak to Tom?
How did you know I wanted you to do that?
How did you know I was Canadian?
How did you know I was a Dane?
How did you know I was bluffing?
How did you know I was coming?
How did you know I was from Australia?
How did you know I was from Boston?
How did you know I was going out with Tom?
How did you know I was going to ask you for that?
How did you know I was going to be fired?
How did you know I was going to call your bluff?
How did you know I was going to do that?
How did you know I was going to get fired?
How did you know I was going to say that?
How did you know I was going to say yes?
How did you know I was here?
How did you know I was hungry?
How did you know I was in Australia?
How did you know I was in Boston?
How did you know I was kidnapped?
How did you know I was lying?
How did you know I was up here?
How did you know I was with Tom?
How did you know I wasn't sleeping?
How did you know I wasn't the one who did that?
How did you know I wouldn't do that?
How did you know I'd be here?
How did you know I'd do that?
How did you know I'd follow you here?
How did you know I'd say yes?
How did you know Tom and Mary were able to do that?
How did you know Tom and Mary were coming here?
How did you know Tom and Mary were drunk?
How did you know Tom and Mary were going be in Boston?
How did you know Tom and Mary were going to Boston?
How did you know Tom and Mary were going to be arrested?
How did you know Tom and Mary were going to be fired?
How did you know Tom and Mary were going to be here?
How did you know Tom and Mary were going to die?
How did you know Tom and Mary were going to do that?
How did you know Tom and Mary were going to go fishing today?
How did you know Tom and Mary were going to help us?
How did you know Tom and Mary were going to say that?
How did you know Tom and Mary were going to say yes?
How did you know Tom and Mary were good at golf?
How did you know Tom and Mary were here?
How did you know Tom and Mary were interested?
How did you know Tom and Mary were planning to get married?
How did you know Tom and Mary were sick?
How did you know Tom and Mary were the ones who did that?
How did you know Tom and Mary were the ones who stole your saxophone?
How did you know Tom and Mary weren't going to do that?
How did you know Tom and Mary weren't going to like it?
How did you know Tom and Mary weren't really married?
How did you know Tom and Mary weren't the ones who did that?
How did you know Tom and Mary weren't the thieves?
How did you know Tom could do that?
How did you know Tom could play the piano?
How did you know Tom could sing?
How did you know Tom could win?
How did you know Tom couldn't do that?
How did you know Tom couldn't swim?
How did you know Tom did that?
How did you know Tom didn't eat meat?
How did you know Tom didn't have enough money to buy what he needed to buy?
How did you know Tom didn't have to do that?
How did you know Tom didn't know how to speak French?
How did you know Tom didn't like Mary?
How did you know Tom didn't need to do that?
How did you know Tom didn't want to do that?
How did you know Tom going to quit his job?
How did you know Tom had a criminal record?
How did you know Tom had a dog?
How did you know Tom had never been to Australia?
How did you know Tom had never been to Boston?
How did you know Tom had the stolen diamond?
How did you know Tom had to do that?
How did you know Tom knew how to do that?
How did you know Tom liked to do that?
How did you know Tom needed to do that?
How did you know Tom only ate fruits and vegetables?
How did you know Tom quit his job?
How did you know Tom used to be a bartender?
How did you know Tom used to do that?
How did you know Tom wanted to do that?
How did you know Tom wanted to go to Australia?
How did you know Tom wanted to go to Boston?
How did you know Tom wanted to kiss Mary?
How did you know Tom was Mary's cousin?
How did you know Tom was able to do that?
How did you know Tom was adopted?
How did you know Tom was born in Australia?
How did you know Tom was born in Boston?
How did you know Tom was coming here?
How did you know Tom was dating Mary?
How did you know Tom was dead?
How did you know Tom was dealing drugs?
How did you know Tom was doing that?
How did you know Tom was drunk?
How did you know Tom was going be in Australia?
How did you know Tom was going be in Boston?
How did you know Tom was going to Australia?
How did you know Tom was going to Boston?
How did you know Tom was going to be able to do that?
How did you know Tom was going to be arrested?
How did you know Tom was going to be fired?
How did you know Tom was going to be here today?
How did you know Tom was going to be here?
How did you know Tom was going to be in Australia all week?
How did you know Tom was going to be in Boston all week?
How did you know Tom was going to be late?
How did you know Tom was going to be released from prison today?
How did you know Tom was going to be shot?
How did you know Tom was going to be there?
How did you know Tom was going to die?
How did you know Tom was going to do that?
How did you know Tom was going to go fishing today?
How did you know Tom was going to go to Australia with Mary?
How did you know Tom was going to go to Boston with Mary?
How did you know Tom was going to help us?
How did you know Tom was going to kiss Mary?
How did you know Tom was going to say that?
How did you know Tom was going to say yes?
How did you know Tom was going to the dance with Mary?
How did you know Tom was good at golf?
How did you know Tom was here?
How did you know Tom was in Australia?
How did you know Tom was in Boston?
How did you know Tom was in there?
How did you know Tom was interested?
How did you know Tom was lying to me?
How did you know Tom was lying to you?
How did you know Tom was lying?
How did you know Tom was planning on doing that?
How did you know Tom was planning on moving to Australia?
How did you know Tom was planning on moving to Boston?
How did you know Tom was planning to do that?
How did you know Tom was planning to eat at that restaurant last night?
How did you know Tom was planning to go to Australia with Mary?
How did you know Tom was planning to go to Boston with Mary?
How did you know Tom was planning to move to Australia?
How did you know Tom was planning to move to Boston?
How did you know Tom was seeing somebody else?
How did you know Tom was seeing someone else?
How did you know Tom was sick?
How did you know Tom was the one who did that?
How did you know Tom was the one who made these sandwiches?
How did you know Tom was the one who stole your saxophone?
How did you know Tom was unhappy here?
How did you know Tom was unhappy?
How did you know Tom was upset?
How did you know Tom wasn't going to be here?
How did you know Tom wasn't going to be in Australia?
How did you know Tom wasn't going to do that?
How did you know Tom wasn't going to kiss Mary?
How did you know Tom wasn't going to like it?
How did you know Tom wasn't having a good time?
How did you know Tom wasn't planning on doing that?
How did you know Tom wasn't planning to attend today's meeting?
How did you know Tom wasn't planning to do that?
How did you know Tom wasn't really from Australia?
How did you know Tom wasn't really from Boston?
How did you know Tom wasn't the one who did that?
How did you know Tom wasn't the thief?
How did you know Tom would agree to do that?
How did you know Tom would be able to help us?
How did you know Tom would be here this week?
How did you know Tom would be here?
How did you know Tom would be in Australia?
How did you know Tom would be in Boston?
How did you know Tom would be late?
How did you know Tom would be there?
How did you know Tom would do that?
How did you know Tom would help?
How did you know Tom would kiss Mary?
How did you know Tom would lie to me?
How did you know Tom would refuse to do that?
How did you know Tom would refuse to kiss Mary?
How did you know Tom would sing?
How did you know Tom would win?
How did you know Tom wouldn't be able to do that?
How did you know Tom wouldn't be here?
How did you know Tom wouldn't be there?
How did you know Tom wouldn't do that?
How did you know Tom wouldn't kiss Mary?
How did you know Tom wouldn't show up on time?
How did you know Tom wouldn't win?
How did you know Tom's passport was in the bottom drawer?
How did you know about it?
How did you know about me and Tom?
How did you know about that?
How did you know about the bomb?
How did you know about this place?
How did you know all that?
How did you know exactly what Tom was going to say?
How did you know he wasn't me?
How did you know his name was Tom?
How did you know his name wasn't Tom?
How did you know his name?
How did you know how to do that?
How did you know it was Tom who stole your money?
How did you know it was Tom?
How did you know it was going to happen?
How did you know it was me?
How did you know it was my birthday?
How did you know it was there?
How did you know my name was Tom?
How did you know my name?
How did you know my parents?
How did you know one was missing?
How did you know roses were my favorite?
How did you know that I already knew how to do that?
How did you know that I didn't do that?
How did you know that I didn't kiss Tom?
How did you know that I didn't like Tom?
How did you know that I didn't want to do that?
How did you know that I didn't want to go to Australia?
How did you know that I didn't want to go to Boston?
How did you know that I didn't want to kiss Tom?
How did you know that I failed my French test?
How did you know that I grew up in Australia?
How did you know that I grew up in Boston?
How did you know that I had a dog?
How did you know that I liked Tom?
How did you know that I needed one of these?
How did you know that I needed to do that?
How did you know that I said that?
How did you know that I used to do that?
How did you know that I used to live in Australia?
How did you know that I used to live in Boston?
How did you know that I used to teach French in Australia?
How did you know that I used to teach French in Boston?
How did you know that I wanted one of these?
How did you know that I wanted to be alone?
How did you know that I wanted to be in Australia?
How did you know that I wanted to be in Boston?
How did you know that I wanted to do that today?
How did you know that I wanted to do that?
How did you know that I wanted to go to Australia?
How did you know that I wanted to go to Boston?
How did you know that I wanted to kiss Tom?
How did you know that I wanted to speak to Tom?
How did you know that I wanted you to do that?
How did you know that I was Canadian?
How did you know that I was bluffing?
How did you know that I was coming?
How did you know that I was from Australia?
How did you know that I was from Boston?
How did you know that I was going out with Tom?
How did you know that I was going to ask you for that?
How did you know that I was going to ask you that question?
How did you know that I was going to be fired?
How did you know that I was going to get fired?
How did you know that I was going to say that?
How did you know that I was going to say yes?
How did you know that I was here?
How did you know that I was hungry?
How did you know that I was in Australia?
How did you know that I was in Boston?
How did you know that I was lying?
How did you know that I was with Tom?
How did you know that I wasn't sleeping?
How did you know that I wasn't the one who did that?
How did you know that I wouldn't do that?
How did you know that I'd be here?
How did you know that I'd do that?
How did you know that I'd follow you here?
How did you know that I'd say yes?
How did you know that I'm not Canadian?
How did you know that Tom and Mary were going to be late?
How did you know that Tom and Mary were lying to you?
How did you know that Tom and Mary were planning to eat at that restaurant last night?
How did you know that Tom and Mary were planning to get married?
How did you know that Tom and Mary were sick?
How did you know that Tom and Mary were the ones who did that?
How did you know that Tom and Mary were the ones who made these sandwiches?
How did you know that Tom could do that?
How did you know that Tom could play the piano?
How did you know that Tom couldn't do that?
How did you know that Tom couldn't swim?
How did you know that Tom did that?
How did you know that Tom didn't have enough money to buy what he needed to buy?
How did you know that Tom didn't have to do that?
How did you know that Tom didn't know how to speak French?
How did you know that Tom didn't like Mary?
How did you know that Tom didn't need to do that?
How did you know that Tom didn't want to do that?
How did you know that Tom going to quit his job?
How did you know that Tom had a criminal record?
How did you know that Tom had never been to Australia?
How did you know that Tom had never been to Boston?
How did you know that Tom had to do that?
How did you know that Tom knew how to do that?
How did you know that Tom liked to do that?
How did you know that Tom needed to do that?
How did you know that Tom quit his job?
How did you know that Tom used to be a bartender?
How did you know that Tom used to do that?
How did you know that Tom wanted to do that?
How did you know that Tom wanted to go to Australia?
How did you know that Tom was Mary's cousin?
How did you know that Tom was adopted?
How did you know that Tom was born in Australia?
How did you know that Tom was born in Boston?
How did you know that Tom was carrying a gun?
How did you know that Tom was dating Mary?
How did you know that Tom was dealing drugs?
How did you know that Tom was doing that?
How did you know that Tom was going be in Australia?
How did you know that Tom was going to Australia?
How did you know that Tom was going to be able to do that?
How did you know that Tom was going to be here today?
How did you know that Tom was going to be here?
How did you know that Tom was going to be in Australia all week?
How did you know that Tom was going to be in Boston all week?
How did you know that Tom was going to be late?
How did you know that Tom was going to be shot?
How did you know that Tom was going to be there?
How did you know that Tom was going to do that?
How did you know that Tom was going to go to Australia with Mary?
How did you know that Tom was going to go to Boston with Mary?
How did you know that Tom was here?
How did you know that Tom was in Australia?
How did you know that Tom was in Boston?
How did you know that Tom was in there?
How did you know that Tom was lying to me?
How did you know that Tom was lying to you?
How did you know that Tom was planning on doing that?
How did you know that Tom was planning on moving to Australia?
How did you know that Tom was planning on moving to Boston?
How did you know that Tom was planning to do that?
How did you know that Tom was planning to eat at that restaurant last night?
How did you know that Tom was planning to go to Australia with Mary?
How did you know that Tom was planning to go to Boston with Mary?
How did you know that Tom was planning to move to Australia?
How did you know that Tom was planning to move to Boston?
How did you know that Tom was seeing somebody else?
How did you know that Tom was seeing someone else?
How did you know that Tom was sick?
How did you know that Tom was the one who did that?
How did you know that Tom was the one who made these sandwiches?
How did you know that Tom was unhappy here?
How did you know that Tom was unhappy?
How did you know that Tom was upset?
How did you know that Tom wasn't going to be in Australia?
How did you know that Tom wasn't going to do that?
How did you know that Tom wasn't having a good time?
How did you know that Tom wasn't planning on doing that?
How did you know that Tom wasn't planning to attend today's meeting?
How did you know that Tom wasn't planning to do that?
How did you know that Tom wasn't really from Australia?
How did you know that Tom wasn't really from Boston?
How did you know that Tom would be here this week?
How did you know that Tom would be here?
How did you know that Tom would be in Australia?
How did you know that Tom would be late?
How did you know that Tom would be there?
How did you know that Tom would do that?
How did you know that Tom wouldn't be able to do that?
How did you know that Tom wouldn't be here?
How did you know that Tom wouldn't be there?
How did you know that Tom wouldn't do that?
How did you know that Tom wouldn't show up on time?
How did you know that Tom's passport was in the bottom drawer?
How did you know that he is married?
How did you know that he wasn't there?
How did you know that it would turn out like this?
How did you know that man was a cop?
How did you know that that was going to happen?
How did you know that that would happen?
How did you know that this was going to happen?
How did you know that today is my birthday?
How did you know that today was my birthday?
How did you know that was going to happen?
How did you know that was my favorite flavor?
How did you know that was my favorite one?
How did you know that was there?
How did you know that was true?
How did you know that was what I was going to do?
How did you know that wasn't true?
How did you know that would happen?
How did you know that you didn't have to do that?
How did you know that you didn't need to do that?
How did you know that you had to do that?
How did you know that you needed to do that?
How did you know that?
How did you know this?
How did you know we were at Tom's house?
How did you know we were here?
How did you know we were married?
How did you know we'd be here?
How did you know what I had to do?
How did you know what I needed to do?
How did you know what I was doing?
How did you know what I was doing? I believe you have eyes in the back of your head.
How did you know what I was going to say?
How did you know what I was thinking?
How did you know what I'm listening to now?
How did you know what I'm listening to right now?
How did you know what Tom had to do?
How did you know what Tom needed to do?
How did you know what Tom said?
How did you know what Tom should do?
How did you know what Tom wanted to do?
How did you know what Tom wanted?
How did you know what else I had to do?
How did you know what else I needed to do?
How did you know what else Tom had to do?
How did you know what else Tom needed to do?
How did you know what she wanted?
How did you know what time the meeting was going to start?
How did you know what time to be there?
How did you know what time to meet Tom at the airport?
How did you know what to do in that situation?
How did you know what to do when that happened?
How did you know what to do?
How did you know what you had to do?
How did you know what you needed to do?
How did you know where I live?
How did you know where I lived?
How did you know where I was?
How did you know where I'd be?
How did you know where Tom and Mary were?
How did you know where Tom hid his key?
How did you know where Tom hid the diamonds?
How did you know where Tom was?
How did you know where Tom went to college?
How did you know where to find Tom?
How did you know where to find me?
How did you know where to find us?
How did you know where to look for that?
How did you know where we'd be?
How did you know which bus Tom would be on?
How did you know which button to press?
How did you know which one to buy?
How did you know which one to choose?
How did you know who to give that to?
How did you know you didn't have to do that?
How did you know you didn't need to do that?
How did you know you had to do that?
How did you know you needed to do that?
How did you know you wanted to marry him?
How did you know?
How did you learn Berber so fast?
How did you learn Berber?
How did you learn Esperanto?
How did you learn French?
How did you learn German?
How did you learn Toki Pona?
How did you learn Tom was living in Australia?
How did you learn Tom wasn't living in Australia?
How did you learn about Islam?
How did you learn about Palestine?
How did you learn about it?
How did you learn about that news?
How did you learn about the Tatoeba Project?
How did you learn about what happened here yesterday afternoon?
How did you learn how to do that?
How did you learn how to do this?
How did you learn how to play the violin?
How did you learn how to speak Berber so well?
How did you learn how to speak French so well?
How did you learn that Tom and Mary were living in Boston?
How did you learn that Tom and Mary weren't living in Boston?
How did you learn that Tom was living in Australia?
How did you learn that Tom was living in Boston?
How did you learn that Tom wasn't living in Australia?
How did you learn that Tom wasn't living in Boston?
How did you learn that trick?
How did you learn that?
How did you learn to cook so well?
How did you learn to dance like that?
How did you learn to dance so well?
How did you learn to dance?
How did you learn to do a backflip?
How did you learn to do that?
How did you learn to do this?
How did you learn to draw so well?
How did you learn to draw this well?
How did you learn to juggle so well? You make it look so easy.
How did you learn to play chess so well?
How did you learn to play the violin?
How did you learn to ski so well?
How did you learn to speak French so well?
How did you learn to speak French?
How did you learn to speak Kabyle?
How did you learn to speak?
How did you like Australia?
How did you like Boston?
How did you like Linda's concert?
How did you like Linda’s concert?
How did you like Singapore?
How did you like Tom's concert?
How did you like it?
How did you like living in Australia?
How did you like living in Boston?
How did you like my house?
How did you like spending time with Tom?
How did you like that film?
How did you like that movie?
How did you like the Halloween party?
How did you like the concert?
How did you like the film?
How did you like the food Tom made?
How did you like the food at that restaurant?
How did you like the food you tasted?
How did you like the food?
How did you like the hotel you stayed at?
How did you like the last movie you saw?
How did you like the meal?
How did you like the movie?
How did you like the party?
How did you like the picnic?
How did you like the play?
How did you like the reception?
How did you like the restaurant that you ate at last night?
How did you like the stew that Tom made?
How did you like those sandwiches we had for lunch?
How did you like your trip to Australia?
How did you live with Tom?
How did you lose it?
How did you lose so much weight?
How did you lose your arm?
How did you lose your job?
How did you lose your leg?
How did you lose?
How did you make Tom laugh?
How did you make Tom shut up?
How did you make a living in Tokyo?
How did you make contact?
How did you make it?
How did you make out on your French finals?
How did you make out?
How did you make that decision?
How did you make that happen?
How did you make the decision to retire?
How did you make the decision?
How did you make them laugh?
How did you make this soup?
How did you make this video?
How did you make this?
How did you make those choices?
How did you manage it?
How did you manage that?
How did you manage this?
How did you manage to accomplish that?
How did you manage to achieve a compromise?
How did you manage to beat Tom at tennis?
How did you manage to catch him?
How did you manage to convince Tom?
How did you manage to defeat Tom?
How did you manage to do all that?
How did you manage to do that without any help?
How did you manage to do that without anyone seeing you?
How did you manage to do that?
How did you manage to do this?
How did you manage to escape?
How did you manage to fiddle with the coffee machine so that it doesn't work any more?
How did you manage to get Tom to dance?
How did you manage to get Tom to do that?
How did you manage to get Tom to help?
How did you manage to get Tom to sing?
How did you manage to get it all back?
How did you manage to get that done in one day?
How did you manage to hide it for so long?
How did you manage to hike all the way up here without breaking a sweat?
How did you manage to impress Tom?
How did you manage to keep a straight face?
How did you manage to make it look cute?
How did you manage to overcome this destructive habit?
How did you manage to overlook such a glaring error?
How did you manage to persuade Tom?
How did you manage to stay under the radar for so long?
How did you manage to steal so many cats?
How did you manage to survive all these years?
How did you manage to talk Tom into working for you?
How did you manage to win?
How did you manage?
How did you measure it?
How did you meet Eva?
How did you meet Tom initially?
How did you meet Tom?
How did you meet each other?
How did you meet her?
How did you meet him?
How did you meet that friend?
How did you meet that girl?
How did you meet the other members of your band?
How did you meet them?
How did you meet your boyfriend?
How did you meet your girlfriend?
How did you meet your husband?
How did you meet your partner?
How did you meet your wife?
How did you meet?
How did you name me?
How did you notice that?
How did you obtain these old postage stamps?
How did you obtain this painting?
How did you open that box?
How did you open the box?
How did you open the door?
How did you pass the time?
How did you pay for all this?
How did you pay for that?
How did you pay for this computer?
How did you pay for this?
How did you people know?
How did you perceive me in the beginning?
How did you persuade Tom to come back home?
How did you persuade Tom to come?
How did you persuade Tom to do that?
How did you persuade Tom to drive?
How did you persuade Tom to go to Australia?
How did you persuade Tom to go to Boston?
How did you persuade Tom to help us?
How did you persuade Tom to help you wash the car?
How did you persuade Tom to help you?
How did you persuade Tom to join?
How did you persuade Tom to sing?
How did you propose to Anna?
How did you pull it off?
How did you pull off that agreement?
How did you pull that off?
How did you pull this off?
How did you reach such an interesting conclusion?
How did you react when your wife said that to you?
How did you recognise Tom?
How did you recognize Tom?
How did you recognize me?
How did you recover from that?
How did you repair those windshield chips?
How did you reply?
How did you respond?
How did you say you survived?
How did you screw this up?
How did you see me when we first crossed paths?
How did you see that?
How did you sleep last night?
How did you sleep tonight?
How did you sleep, Tom?
How did you sleep, dear?
How did you sleep?
How did you solve the problem?
How did you solve this problem?
How did you specifically choose this spot here, in the middle of nowhere?
How did you spend Christmas?
How did you spend New Year's Day?
How did you spend all the money I gave you?
How did you spend all the money that I gave you?
How did you spend last summer vacation?
How did you spend last weekend?
How did you spend the day?
How did you spend the money I gave you?
How did you spend the money that I gave you?
How did you spend your Christmas?
How did you spend your childhood in this city?
How did you spend your day?
How did you spend your free time?
How did you spend your holiday?
How did you spend your holidays?
How did you spend your spare time?
How did you spend your summer holiday?
How did you spend your summer?
How did you spend your vacation?
How did you spend your weekend?
How did you spend your winter vacation?
How did you spill your water?
How did you sprain your ankle?
How did you sprain your wrist, Tom?
How did you sprain your wrist?
How did you stain your dress?
How did you start working in Australia?
How did you start working in Boston?
How did you stop it?
How did you support yourself before you got this job?
How did you support yourself?
How did you survive the explosion?
How did you survive?
How did you take care of that problem?
How did you talk Tom into buying that for you?
How did you talk Tom into dancing?
How did you talk Tom into doing that for you?
How did you talk Tom into doing that?
How did you talk Tom into helping us?
How did you talk Tom into helping you?
How did you talk Tom into singing?
How did you talk Tom into that?
How did you talk Tom into walking your dog?
How did you teach your dog to do that?
How did you team up with Tom?
How did you think I was going to do that?
How did you think it would go?
How did you think that I was going to do that?
How did you think this up?
How did you think this would end?
How did you think you were going to get away with that?
How did you track me down?
How did you train your dog to come when you call him?
How did you train your dog to do that?
How did you turn off the alarm?
How did you twist your ankle?
How did you two become acquainted?
How did you two first meet each other?
How did you two first meet?
How did you two meet each other?
How did you two meet?
How did you understand it was Tom?
How did you view me at our first meeting?
How did you vote on that matter?
How did you vote today on the budget?
How did you win?
How did you wind up doing this kind of work?
How did you wind up here?
How did you wind up in Boston?
How did you wind up in that abandoned building?
How did you work that out?
How did you write your name in Arabic?
How did your T-shirt get so dirty? Were you rolling in the mud?
How did your boyfriend react when you told him that you hadn't always been a woman?
How did your concert go?
How did your date go with Tom?
How did your date go?
How did your date with Tom go?
How did your date with her go?
How did your date with him go?
How did your day go?
How did your destiny turn out?
How did your doctor's appointment go?
How did your dog get in here?
How did your exam go?
How did your family react to your conversion to Islam?
How did your father feel about that?
How did your first husband die?
How did your friendship begin?
How did your interview go?
How did your job interview go?
How did your journey begin?
How did your knee get bruised?
How did your meeting with Tom go?
How did your meeting with the boss go?
How did your meeting with your lawyer go?
How did your mother react when you converted to Islam?
How did your parents meet?
How did your plans to move to Australia work out?
How did your plans to move to Boston work out?
How did your rivalry begin?
How did your sister die?
How did your son get on in his first game of cricket for the school?
How did your speech go?
How did your students like that?
How did your test go?
How did your weekend go?
How different are Tom and Mary?
How different are the two languages?
How different do you think the world will be a hundred years from now?
How different do you think the world will be in a hundred years?
How different in meaning can an indirect translation of a sentence get?
How different is Indo-Chinese cuisine from actual Chinese cuisine?
How different is Tom?
How different is driving a truck compared to driving a car?
How differently would I attune the story of our student days, were I to write it to-day in loving memory of my friend!
How difficult a thing it is, to love, and to be wise, and both at once.
How difficult can it be?
How difficult can that be?
How difficult could it be to do that?
How difficult do you think it would be to do that?
How difficult is it to find a job in Australia?
How difficult is it to find a job in Boston?
How difficult is it to find a job?
How difficult is it to get a fake passport?
How difficult is it to learn how to fly an airplane?
How difficult is it to learn to read music?
How difficult is it to renounce your citizenship?
How difficult is that going to be?
How difficult is that?
How difficult was it at the beginning?
How difficult was it for you to find a job here in Australia?
How difficult was it for you to find a job here in Boston?
How difficult was it for you to learn French?
How difficult was the exam?
How difficult was the test?
How difficult will it be?
How difficult would it be to do that?
How dilated is her cervix?
How dire things are of Algerians?
How disappointed do you think Tom was?
How disappointed do you think Tom will be if that doesn't happen?
How disappointed do you think Tom will be if we don't let him do that?
How disappointed do you think Tom will be?
How disappointed my parents would be, if I should fail!
How disappointed were you?
How disappointing you are!
How disappointing!
How disappointing.
How disgusting!
How diverse is your data set?
How do Algerians view the desert?
How do French and German postcodes differ?
How do I access the Internet?
How do I access the dark web?
How do I add a profile picture?
How do I add a sentence?
How do I add furigana?
How do I add new sentences?
How do I add pinyin to Chinese characters?
How do I add scrolling to a text field in LibreOffice forms?
How do I apologize for this?
How do I apply a bandage?
How do I apply butterfly stitches?
How do I apply for a visa?
How do I apply plasters and other dressings?
How do I avoid office politics?
How do I become a cat?
How do I become assertive with my dog?
How do I become fluent in Berber?
How do I begin?
How do I care for a wound treated with skin glue?
How do I care for my towels?
How do I change a flight itinerary?
How do I change my GP?
How do I change my cell phone's ringtone?
How do I change my password?
How do I change the language of a sentence?
How do I check my pulse?
How do I check someone's pulse?
How do I clean a wound?
How do I complain about my dental treatment?
How do I connect to your Wi-Fi?
How do I contribute audio in Tatoeba?
How do I convert miles to kilometers?
How do I convert pesos to bolívares?
How do I convince Tom to do that?
How do I create a new subdomain?
How do I create an account?
How do I decompress the LZH file?
How do I delete a sentence?
How do I delete this file?
How do I delete this translation?
How do I deodorize my towels?
How do I dispose of my light bulbs?
How do I do it?
How do I do that?
How do I do this again?
How do I do this?
How do I do without you?
How do I donate my body to science after my death?
How do I download the file?
How do I eat this?
How do I eat without a spoon?
How do I eliminate scorpions from my home?
How do I enable video capture?
How do I enter the multi-storey car park?
How do I erase a sentence?
How do I evaluate my present self?
How do I explain it so that everyone understands it?
How do I explain it?
How do I explain that to Tom?
How do I explain that to her?
How do I explain that to him?
How do I explain that to them?
How do I explain this to Tom?
How do I explain this?
How do I export data from LO Base table?
How do I feel about my appearance right now?
How do I feel about my identity right now?
How do I feel about myself as I currently am?
How do I feel about what I'm doing to get what I want out of life?
How do I file a complaint?
How do I file a lawsuit in the United States.
How do I find Tom?
How do I find it?
How do I find out what I want?
How do I find out what separates me from my luck?
How do I find you?
How do I fix that?
How do I fix the air-conditioner?
How do I fix the seat?
How do I fix the volume?
How do I fix this problem?
How do I fold these towels?
How do I forget her?
How do I gain weight?
How do I get a driver's license?
How do I get a good deal this year?
How do I get a hold of you?
How do I get a library card?
How do I get all those people out of my house?
How do I get back?
How do I get better?
How do I get down to the trains?
How do I get downtown from here?
How do I get downtown?
How do I get from Dhaka to here?
How do I get from Lagos to Chongqing?
How do I get from Narita Airport to central Tokyo?
How do I get from the airport to the downtown Hyatt hotel, for example?
How do I get in on this?
How do I get in touch with you?
How do I get into the multi-storey car park?
How do I get it to appear?
How do I get my dog to eat dog food?
How do I get my music out there?
How do I get one of those?
How do I get one?
How do I get out of here?
How do I get out of this mess?
How do I get out of this?
How do I get over the river?
How do I get permission to reprint an article?
How do I get reimbursed?
How do I get rid of these bugs?
How do I get started?
How do I get there best?
How do I get there from here?
How do I get there?
How do I get to ...?
How do I get to Boston from here?
How do I get to Boston?
How do I get to Chinatown?
How do I get to Gate 33?
How do I get to Gate 5?
How do I get to Grafton Street from here? Is it far?
How do I get to Guangzhou from here?
How do I get to London?
How do I get to Los Angeles by bus?
How do I get to Los Angeles by car?
How do I get to Los Angeles by train?
How do I get to Los Angeles?
How do I get to Mexico City?
How do I get to NHK?
How do I get to New York?
How do I get to Osaka from Los Angeles?
How do I get to Osaka from Tokyo?
How do I get to Park Street?
How do I get to Tom's place?
How do I get to a restaurant?
How do I get to hospital by bus?
How do I get to my job with public transportation?
How do I get to that place?
How do I get to the American Embassy?
How do I get to the Canadian Embassy?
How do I get to the airport by bus?
How do I get to the airport?
How do I get to the art museum by bus?
How do I get to the bank?
How do I get to the beach from here?
How do I get to the beach?
How do I get to the bookshop?
How do I get to the bookstore?
How do I get to the bus station?
How do I get to the bus stop?
How do I get to the city?
How do I get to the hairdresser's?
How do I get to the hospital by bus?
How do I get to the hotel?
How do I get to the library?
How do I get to the metro?
How do I get to the multi-storey car park?
How do I get to the museum?
How do I get to the nearest stop?
How do I get to the other side?
How do I get to the playhouse?
How do I get to the police?
How do I get to the post office from here?
How do I get to the post office?
How do I get to the railway station?
How do I get to the station from here?
How do I get to the subway?
How do I get to the supermarket?
How do I get to the theater?
How do I get to the theatre?
How do I get to the train station from here?
How do I get to the train station?
How do I get to the tube?
How do I get to the underground?
How do I get to the used bookstore?
How do I get to the zoo by bus?
How do I get to the zoo?
How do I get to work on public transportation?
How do I get to your house?
How do I get to your office from Hioka Park?
How do I get to your office from Tokyo Station?
How do I get to your office from the station?
How do I go to the office?
How do I go to this address?
How do I handle flirtation?
How do I handle this?
How do I have to explain it to you?
How do I help Tom?
How do I help her?
How do I help him?
How do I help them?
How do I improve my Berber?
How do I improve?
How do I increase my Berber vocabulary?
How do I increase my listening ability in Berber?
How do I install a Russian keyboard?
How do I install this towel rack?
How do I join the WhatsApp Group?
How do I join?
How do I keep fake chipmunks from spying on me?
How do I keep my bike from being stolen?
How do I keep my kitchen clean?
How do I know I am fluent in Berber?
How do I know I can trust you?
How do I know I was born into the correct religion?
How do I know I'm not the only person who experiences consciousness?
How do I know Tom is telling the truth?
How do I know Tom is the one for me?
How do I know if I am experiencing a heart attack?
How do I know if I have lead paint in my house?
How do I know if I'm ready to take the shahada?
How do I know if I'm wrong?
How do I know if I've broken a bone?
How do I know if Tom is gaslighting me?
How do I know if a girl is interested in me?
How do I know if a guy is interested in me?
How do I know if he likes me?
How do I know if my cat loves me?
How do I know if my child is on drugs?
How do I know if she likes me?
How do I know it's safe?
How do I know it's you?
How do I know that I can trust you?
How do I know that Tom is the one for me?
How do I know that anyone else is a sentient being?
How do I know that you aren't going to do that again?
How do I know that you aren't going to try to kill me?
How do I know that you aren't just telling me what I want to hear?
How do I know that you didn't do it?
How do I know that you haven't already harmed Tom?
How do I know that you won't do that?
How do I know that you won't steal it?
How do I know that you'll keep your word?
How do I know that you're not an imposter?
How do I know that you're not bluffing?
How do I know that you're not going to do that again?
How do I know that you're not going to try to kill me?
How do I know that you're not just making this up?
How do I know that you're not just telling me what I want to hear?
How do I know that you're not lying to me right now?
How do I know that you're not working for Tom?
How do I know that you're telling me the truth?
How do I know that you're telling the truth?
How do I know this is real?
How do I know this isn't another one of your tricks?
How do I know what I should do?
How do I know when my car needs a brake job?
How do I know when my car needs an oil change?
How do I know when to use "in", "on", or "at" when talking about time?
How do I know which one I should choose?
How do I know which one?
How do I know who I can trust?
How do I know who to trust?
How do I know you aren't going to do that again?
How do I know you aren't going to try to kill me?
How do I know you aren't just telling me what I want to hear?
How do I know you didn't do it?
How do I know you haven't already harmed Tom?
How do I know you won't do that?
How do I know you won't steal it?
How do I know you won't steal them?
How do I know you won't turn me in after I help you?
How do I know you'll keep your word?
How do I know you're a sentient being?
How do I know you're not a robot?
How do I know you're not an imposter?
How do I know you're not bluffing?
How do I know you're not going to do that again?
How do I know you're not going to try to kill me?
How do I know you're not just making this up?
How do I know you're not just telling me what I want to hear?
How do I know you're not lying to me right now?
How do I know you're not working for Tom?
How do I know you're telling me the truth?
How do I know you're telling the truth?
How do I know you're who you say you are?
How do I know you?
How do I know your ability to speak isn't just an advanced form of mimicry?
How do I learn Berber fast?
How do I learn Berber faster?
How do I learn Berber?
How do I learn to sew?
How do I log into my account?
How do I look in this Kabyle dress?
How do I look in this white Kabyle dress?
How do I look like?
How do I look tonight?
How do I look, Tom?
How do I look?
How do I make a salad with just one radish?
How do I make him give up his dream?
How do I make it appear?
How do I make pancakes?
How do I make you go away?
How do I make you pay more attention to me?
How do I measure my Berber fluency?
How do I move on from that?
How do I move this treadmill upstairs?
How do I open a file?
How do I open a terminal?
How do I open the bonnet?
How do I open the hood?
How do I open this door?
How do I open this window?
How do I organise transport to and from hospital?
How do I perceive my present situation?
How do I put staples into a stapler?
How do I quell my righteous indignation?
How do I reach it?
How do I register as a temporary resident with a GP?
How do I register to vote?
How do I relate to my identity right now?
How do I relieve stress?
How do I report a theft?
How do I reset my password?
How do I respond to something like that?
How do I respond?
How do I roast termites?
How do I say difference in slovak?
How do I say it?
How do I say this in English?
How do I see the world?
How do I sign up?
How do I slow down my pace?
How do I solve this problem?
How do I stop Tom?
How do I stop her?
How do I stop him?
How do I stop them?
How do I study Berber?
How do I study best?
How do I take a screenshot on a Mac?
How do I take a temperature?
How do I talk to a human being about this?
How do I tell Tom about his smelly socks without making the situation too awkward?
How do I tell Tom that?
How do I tell Tom this?
How do I tell a friend of mine that I lost a t-shirt he lent me one day when I went to sleep at his house? It's one of his favourite t-shirts...
How do I tell my parents that I’m pregnant?
How do I tell my parents?
How do I thank you?
How do I translate aramek into romanian?
How do I translate the road into filipino?
How do I transplant my heather plant?
How do I trim my ivy?
How do I turn AI off?
How do I turn off the projector?
How do I turn on this computer?
How do I turn the tips off?
How do I turn this around?
How do I turn this computer on?
How do I turn this machine on?
How do I turn this off?
How do I turn this on?
How do I type the "at" sign for an email address?
How do I unsubscribe?
How do I use chopsticks?
How do I use meal tickets?
How do I use this?
How do I validate my card?
How do I view myself in this current state?
How do I view myself in this stage of life?
How do I wash and maintain my towels?
How do I worship God?
How do I write a sentence in maltese?
How do I write apology in african now?
How do I write political party in japanese?
How do I write quickly?
How do Muslims express their faith in God?
How do Muslims view Jews?
How do TV remotes work?
How do Tom and Mary come to school?
How do Tom and Mary do it?
How do Tom and Mary do that?
How do Tom and Mary feel about all of this?
How do Tom and Mary feel about it?
How do Tom and Mary feel about that?
How do Tom and Mary get to school?
How do Tom and Mary go to school?
How do Tom and Mary intend to do that?
How do Tom and Mary intend to fix this?
How do Tom and Mary intend to help?
How do Tom and Mary know about that?
How do Tom and Mary know all this?
How do Tom and Mary know each other?
How do Tom and Mary know that?
How do Tom and Mary know they can do that?
How do Tom and Mary make money?
How do Tom and Mary plan on doing that?
How do Tom and Mary plan on helping us?
How do Tom and Mary plan on helping?
How do Tom and Mary plan on paying for that?
How do Tom and Mary plan on paying for this?
How do Tom and Mary plan to celebrate?
How do Tom and Mary plan to cope with the problem?
How do Tom and Mary plan to do that?
How do Tom and Mary plan to help us?
How do Tom and Mary plan to help?
How do Tom and Mary plan to pay for that?
How do Tom and Mary plan to pay for this?
How do all the children catch frogs?
How do archaeologists know where to dig?
How do archeologists know where to dig?
How do astronomers detect exoplanets?
How do babies breathe when they're in the uterus?
How do babies breathe when they’re in the uterus?
How do babies communicate with their parents?
How do banks make money?
How do bees overwinter?
How do bees survive the winter?
How do birds fly?
How do cats hunt?
How do chameleons change colour?
How do computers do math?
How do computers work?
How do dolphins eat sardines if they can't even open the can?
How do dolphins think? About what do they think or dream?
How do ducks call?
How do dung beetles figure a straight way home?
How do dung beetles find their way home?
How do dung beetles find their way when the sun is hidden behind clouds?
How do dung beetles know which way to go?
How do feel about it, Tom?
How do fish get through the winter?
How do fish spend the winter?
How do fish survive in water?
How do fortunes get inside of fortune cookies?
How do giraffes communicate with each other?
How do giraffes detect threats?
How do giraffes live together?
How do giraffes mate?
How do giraffes sleep?
How do helicopters fly?
How do hot air balloons work?
How do idioms contribute to language description and production?
How do insects breathe?
How do large language models work?
How do lasers work?
How do loquats taste?
How do magnets work?
How do men flirt?
How do mistakes like that even happen?
How do mosquitoes suck human blood?
How do movie translators manage to translate puns?
How do native English speakers determine whether an English learner is a good non-native English speaker?
How do organic proteins and nucleic acids come into being from inorganic matter?
How do organic proteins and nucleic acids emerge from inorganic matter?
How do parents do it?
How do people afford that?
How do people celebrate the new year in Australia?
How do people do it?
How do people do that?
How do people feel about that?
How do people in Australia not fall off the planet?
How do people like this still exist?
How do people like you get to be people like you?
How do people live in an apartment with no windows?
How do people manage to sleep on the plane?
How do people perceive you as a Muslim?
How do people see Algeria on the world stage?
How do people view you as a Muslim?
How do porn actors have sex on camera?
How do remote controls work?
How do scientists detect exoplanets?
How do search engines work?
How do she say choice in tibetan?
How do skunks scream?
How do squirrels remember where they buried their food?
How do tadpoles breathe?
How do the TV remote controls work?
How do the Vietnamese feel about Americans?
How do the marigolds look?
How do the men feel about it?
How do the postcodes of France and Germany differ?
How do the situations shown in the film illustrate possible differences and areas of possible cultural conflict between our culture and the American one?
How do these electrical impulses between neurons translate into thought and being?
How do these things work?
How do these two animals differ?
How do they build houses so cheaply?
How do they celebrate anniversaries?
How do they come up with these names?
How do they communicate?
How do they cope?
How do they decide how many hours you work per week?
How do they do it?
How do they do that?
How do they earn their living?
How do they enjoy watching horror movies?
How do they expect me to do that?
How do they expect us to survive?
How do they feel?
How do they get away with this?
How do they get the holes in cheese?
How do they get the stripes in toothpaste?
How do they get their funding?
How do they know how many were sold?
How do they know that the bear is dead?
How do they know the bear is dead?
How do they know?
How do they look?
How do they make it so frothy?
How do they make olive oil?
How do they make snow globes?
How do they make up their minds?
How do they manage to find time to do that?
How do they manage to sleep so well?
How do they name him in his house?
How do they operate this machine?
How do they predict hurricanes?
How do they prepare this fish in France?
How do they put up with you?
How do they run this device?
How do they seem to you?
How do they speak Berber?
How do they treat SARS?
How do they treat you?
How do they want their coffee?
How do they want to receive their money?
How do they wish to receive their money?
How do they write kabyle science in japanese?
How do things like this keep happening?
How do things stand now?
How do things stand right now?
How do towels absorb water?
How do trees disperse their seeds?
How do we avoid making the same mistake again?
How do we avoid this happening again?
How do we begin?
How do we bounce back from this?
How do we buy British goods?
How do we capitalize on that?
How do we change this?
How do we choose what to believe?
How do we contact Tom?
How do we cope with a tremendous amount of uncertainty?
How do we cope with change?
How do we cross the border?
How do we deal with that?
How do we deal with the current situation?
How do we deal with these issues?
How do we deal with this fact?
How do we decide which social norms are good and which ones we should disregard?
How do we decide?
How do we define our needs?
How do we determine whether this information is correct?
How do we do it?
How do we do that?
How do we do this again?
How do we draw people back to Boston?
How do we draw this conclusion?
How do we eat this?
How do we end suffering?
How do we explain this to the kids?
How do we explain this?
How do we extract the coal from the ground?
How do we find Tom?
How do we find her?
How do we find him?
How do we find it?
How do we find out what we need to know?
How do we find out?
How do we find them?
How do we fix it?
How do we fix the problem?
How do we fix this problem?
How do we fix what’s been broken?
How do we get Tom out of jail?
How do we get Tom to do that for us?
How do we get Tom to talk to us?
How do we get back home from here?
How do we get back home?
How do we get back to camp?
How do we get down from here?
How do we get enough food?
How do we get her out of jail?
How do we get him out of jail?
How do we get into this building?
How do we get out of here?
How do we get out of this building?
How do we get out of this cell?
How do we get out of this fix?
How do we get out of this situation?
How do we get rid of Tom?
How do we get rid of her?
How do we get rid of him?
How do we get rid of them?
How do we get rid of this stuff?
How do we get started?
How do we get them out of jail?
How do we get there?
How do we get to the top of the tower?
How do we have to proceed in this case?
How do we help them?
How do we help?
How do we invoke a response from the computer?
How do we keep our children from hurting themselves?
How do we know Jesus wasn't black?
How do we know Tom and Mary are telling the truth?
How do we know Tom is innocent?
How do we know Tom is telling the truth?
How do we know Tom isn't going to do that again?
How do we know Tom will even come here?
How do we know Tom wrote this letter?
How do we know anything exists at all?
How do we know dinosaurs existed?
How do we know each other?
How do we know it has worked?
How do we know it isn't a trap?
How do we know it isn't happening at this very moment?
How do we know it isn't just a trap?
How do we know it's not a trap?
How do we know light travels faster than sound?
How do we know some of the birds aren't drones?
How do we know that Tom is innocent?
How do we know that Tom isn't going to do that again?
How do we know that Tom wrote this letter?
How do we know that he is who he says he is?
How do we know that he's innocent?
How do we know that isn't true?
How do we know that light travels faster than sound?
How do we know that man is who he says he is?
How do we know that she is who she says she is?
How do we know that that isn't true?
How do we know that that man is who he says he is?
How do we know that that's not true?
How do we know that that's true?
How do we know that you're not just going to tell them anyway?
How do we know that you're not just making this up?
How do we know that you're not lying to us?
How do we know that you're really a doctor?
How do we know that's not true?
How do we know that's true?
How do we know that?
How do we know they weren't complicit?
How do we know this isn't a trap?
How do we know this isn't the real one?
How do we know this?
How do we know we can trust Tom?
How do we know we can trust you?
How do we know what's the truth and what's a lie?
How do we know whether this information is correct?
How do we know you're not just going to tell them anyway?
How do we know you're not just making this up?
How do we know you're not lying to us?
How do we know you're really a doctor?
How do we look?
How do we make Algeria a better place?
How do we make negatives in Berber?
How do we make this problem go away?
How do we manage such risks?
How do we manage these risks?
How do we manage?
How do we measure an artist's success?
How do we open this door?
How do we open this?
How do we pay for it?
How do we prevent this from happening again?
How do we proceed from here?
How do we reach Tom?
How do we react to the challenges of the current time? Should we continue to enlarge our world or return to the old comforts: chauvinism, racism, sexism, etc.?
How do we reason with Tom?
How do we reason with her?
How do we reason with him?
How do we reason with them?
How do we reduce the risk of the injury?
How do we reverse the process?
How do we say "thanks" in French?
How do we stop Tom?
How do we stop guys like Tom?
How do we stop her?
How do we stop him?
How do we stop it from happening again?
How do we stop it?
How do we stop them?
How do we stop this?
How do we survive?
How do we talk to Tom?
How do we tell Tom?
How do we upload photos to this area?
How do we upload photos to your website?
How do we write companion in Javanese?
How do we write covid-19 in kabyle now?
How do wings allow birds to fly?
How do women flirt?
How do worms communicate?
How do you "cancel" one of the most powerful people on the planet?
How do you access the Internet?
How do you account for his failure?
How do you account for that?
How do you account for the accident?
How do you account for the fact?
How do you account for this fact?
How do you account for this situation?
How do you account for your absence from the meeting?
How do you account for your absence?
How do you account for your being late?
How do you actually know that that's the case?
How do you actually know that's the case?
How do you adapt to different climates and weather conditions?
How do you adapt to different cultural norms and etiquette?
How do you adapt your language skills to different dialects or accents?
How do you adapt your language skills to different formal and informal settings?
How do you adapt your language skills to different registers of speech?
How do you add a sentence here?
How do you add furigana?
How do you add pinyin to Chinese characters?
How do you all know each other?
How do you all know we're there?
How do you always do it?
How do you always get such good marks in school? I never see you even crack a book.
How do you always manage to call me when I'm in the bathroom?
How do you always manage to look so beautiful?
How do you always manage to look so good?
How do you always manage to look so gorgeous?
How do you always manage to look so perfect?
How do you and Tom know each other?
How do you and your wife divide chores around the house?
How do you apologize in Berber?
How do you apply it in your life?
How do you approach a translation project?
How do you approach language learning when there are limited resources available?
How do you approach learning languages that are not widely spoken?
How do you approach learning languages that have significantly different sentence structures?
How do you approach learning languages that have vastly different cultural contexts?
How do you approach learning languages that use different scripts, such as Arabic or Cyrillic?
How do you approach learning languages with complex grammatical systems?
How do you approach learning languages with different cultural norms and customs?
How do you approach learning languages with different grammatical structures?
How do you approach learning languages with different writing systems?
How do you ask for water in German?
How do you assess the situation today?
How do you assess the situation?
How do you assess these developments?
How do you assess this strategy?
How do you assess your students?
How do you avoid getting sweat in your eyes?
How do you avoid grazing between meals?
How do you avoid snacking between meals?
How do you bake cookies?
How do you balance being a mother, a wife and a lawyer?
How do you balance exploration and relaxation while traveling?
How do you balance learning multiple languages at the same time?
How do you balance work and family?
How do you balance work and travel while on the road?
How do you beat it?
How do you become a Muslim?
How do you become a billionaire?
How do you become a mathematician?
How do you become fluent in Berber?
How do you become rich?
How do you betray somebody like Sami?
How do you blet medlars properly?
How do you blet medlars?
How do you boost your productivity at work?
How do you bring up your children?
How do you build a custom keyboard?
How do you build a signal fire?
How do you build something as big as that on the sand?
How do you build your confidence?
How do you burn fat?
How do you buy silver?
How do you calculate how many square meters a house is?
How do you calculate pi?
How do you calculate the length of the circumference? I've forgotten.
How do you calculate the length of the circumference? I’ve forgotten.
How do you calculate the radius from the circumference?
How do you calculate the surface of a triangle?
How do you calculate the volume of a cube?
How do you call this vegetable in English?
How do you call your dog?
How do you calm an upset child?
How do you capitalize on that?
How do you capture the essence of a place in a short visit?
How do you cast spells?
How do you castle in chess?
How do you catch frogs?
How do you celebrate Christmas?
How do you celebrate birthdays?
How do you celebrate your birthday?
How do you change that?
How do you change the date on the watch?
How do you change the filter?
How do you change your clothes so fast?
How do you choose the right doctor?
How do you choose which languages to learn next?
How do you choose which mainstream science to accept and which not to accept?
How do you choose which projects to do?
How do you choose your dresses?
How do you choose your next travel destination?
How do you clean a fur coat?
How do you clean your belly button piercing?
How do you clean your microfiber towels?
How do you clean your towels?
How do you come back from something like that?
How do you come to school?
How do you come to that conclusion?
How do you come up with all these ideas?
How do you come up with such interesting plots for your novels?
How do you come up with these designs?
How do you commute to school?
How do you commute to work?
How do you conjugate na-adjectives?
How do you console a woman who has just lost her only child?
How do you control that?
How do you cook an Italian omelette?
How do you cook couscous?
How do you cook potatoes?
How do you cook rice without starch?
How do you cook this fish in France?
How do you cope with all the pressure?
How do you cope with so many people disliking you?
How do you cope with so many people not liking you?
How do you cope with stress?
How do you cope with the heat?
How do you count to ten in French?
How do you cross the river?
How do you deal with Tom?
How do you deal with a lazy co-worker?
How do you deal with all this?
How do you deal with difficult situations?
How do you deal with homesickness while traveling?
How do you deal with issues of abandonment?
How do you deal with it?
How do you deal with language-related frustration or setbacks?
How do you deal with lost or delayed luggage?
How do you deal with obstacles?
How do you deal with office politics?
How do you deal with rejection?
How do you deal with something like that?
How do you deal with stress?
How do you deal with that?
How do you deal with the negative criticism?
How do you deal with those challenges?
How do you deal with toxic co-workers in the workplace?
How do you deal with toxic persons?
How do you deal with toxic relationships?
How do you deal with writer's block?
How do you deal with your boredom?
How do you decide what songs to play?
How do you decide what to do and what not to do?
How do you decide what to focus on?
How do you decide what's going to be the priority?
How do you decide what's important?
How do you decide what's right for you?
How do you decide where to focus your efforts?
How do you decorate your house for Christmas?
How do you define "servility"?
How do you define a complete sentence?
How do you define beauty?
How do you define fidelity?
How do you define happiness anyways?
How do you define happiness, and what brings you happiness?
How do you define happiness?
How do you define joy, and what brings you joy?
How do you define kindness?
How do you define life?
How do you define normal?
How do you define progress?
How do you define radical Islam?
How do you define right and wrong?
How do you define sharia law?
How do you define success?
How do you define true love?
How do you define your country's culture?
How do you deflate this floaty?
How do you deflate this vest?
How do you derive the length of the circumference? I've forgotten.
How do you derive the length of the circumference? I’ve forgotten.
How do you destroy a building?
How do you determine whether this information is correct?
How do you do business with 300 yuan?
How do you do it exactly?
How do you do it properly?
How do you do it?
How do you do that exactly?
How do you do that, Tom?
How do you do that, anyway?
How do you do that?
How do you do the homework listening to music?
How do you do this again?
How do you do this?
How do you do, Mrs. Allen? I'm pleased to meet you.
How do you do, Mrs. Allen? I’m pleased to meet you.
How do you do, Mrs. Jones?
How do you do, fellow kids?
How do you do, my lord.
How do you do, my name is Douglas. Nice to meet you.
How do you do.
How do you do?
How do you document your travels?
How do you double your reading speed?
How do you download a photo from that webpage?
How do you download a photo from this site?
How do you draw so well? I've never been able to do that.
How do you draw so well? I’ve never been able to do that.
How do you drink your coffee, with or without sugar?
How do you earn your living?
How do you eat a panini that was once a pizza?
How do you eat figs?
How do you eat like that and keep your figure?
How do you eat like that without gaining weight?
How do you eat this?
How do you encourage people to do that?
How do you enforce these regulations?
How do you engage with the local community when you visit a new place?
How do you envision using your medical education?
How do you evaluate candidates?
How do you evaluate my recipe?
How do you even do that?
How do you even have sex with a disgusting guy like that?
How do you even know that?
How do you expand your vocabulary in multiple languages?
How do you expect anyone to believe what you're saying, when you have a track record of lying through your teeth?
How do you expect me to believe you?
How do you expect me to do all this alone?
How do you expect me to do that?
How do you expect me to do this by myself?
How do you expect me to do this?
How do you expect me to have children when I don't have a uterus?
How do you expect me to help?
How do you expect me to know that? I'm not a mind reader.
How do you expect me to know that? I'm not a psychic.
How do you expect me to pay for this?
How do you expect me to pay this?
How do you expect me to turn this clumsy clodhopper into an athlete?
How do you expect them to lift themselves out of poverty when no one will hire them?
How do you expect to go to college with grades like these?
How do you expect to make friends if you don't even try?
How do you expect to weather the financial storm when the bank refuses to extend a helping hand?
How do you expect us to do that?
How do you expect us to handle this problem?
How do you expect us to help?
How do you explain all this?
How do you explain it?
How do you explain such a turn of events?
How do you explain that to your grandmother?
How do you explain that?
How do you explain the unexplainable?
How do you explain this child?
How do you explain this?
How do you explain what Tom did?
How do you express yourself?
How do you feel about Tom now?
How do you feel about Tom?
How do you feel about acting a little nicer?
How do you feel about adoption?
How do you feel about all that?
How do you feel about all this?
How do you feel about cuts in education?
How do you feel about euthanasia or medically assisted suicide?
How do you feel about gun control?
How do you feel about healthcare reform?
How do you feel about her now?
How do you feel about her?
How do you feel about him now?
How do you feel about him?
How do you feel about his suggestion?
How do you feel about it?
How do you feel about life?
How do you feel about me?
How do you feel about opera?
How do you feel about sex before marriage?
How do you feel about that now?
How do you feel about that topic?
How do you feel about that?
How do you feel about the Gulf War?
How do you feel about the exam tomorrow?
How do you feel about the issue?
How do you feel about the new job?
How do you feel about the proposed changes?
How do you feel about the violin?
How do you feel about the war?
How do you feel about them now?
How do you feel about them?
How do you feel about this, Tom?
How do you feel about this?
How do you feel about turnips?
How do you feel about wearing a mask?
How do you feel about what happened tonight?
How do you feel about what happened?
How do you feel about what she said?
How do you feel about what's happening to Tom?
How do you feel about your classmates?
How do you feel about your decision?
How do you feel about your father?
How do you feel at the moment?
How do you feel at this moment?
How do you feel comfortable studying?
How do you feel during your period?
How do you feel inside?
How do you feel knowing that you are loved?
How do you feel now, little Timmy?
How do you feel now?
How do you feel right now?
How do you feel this morning?
How do you feel today?
How do you feel you've changed in the last three years?
How do you feel, Tom?
How do you feel?
How do you feel? Are you relieved?
How do you figure out this problem?
How do you figure that?
How do you find affordable accommodations while traveling?
How do you find food in outer space?
How do you find his new novel?
How do you find me attractive?
How do you find that teacher?
How do you find that wine?
How do you find the costume?
How do you find the time to exercise?
How do you find the volume of a cylinder?
How do you find the wine?
How do you find time for everything?
How do you find time to do the laundry?
How do you find time to write music?
How do you find unique and authentic souvenirs while traveling?
How do you find unique and off-the-beaten-path attractions in a new place?
How do you find your washing machine?
How do you fix a rock chip in a windshield?
How do you fix something like that?
How do you fix this?
How do you fold this towel?
How do you form the plural of nouns?
How do you fund your travels?
How do you get a girl to notice you?
How do you get a library card?
How do you get along with Tom?
How do you get along with your co-workers?
How do you get along with your parents?
How do you get children interested in personal safety?
How do you get downtown from here?
How do you get downtown?
How do you get in shape?
How do you get kids interested in personal safety?
How do you get knowledge?
How do you get on with your parents?
How do you get on?
How do you get over a hangover?
How do you get over a toxic job?
How do you get rid of moles in the garden?
How do you get someone you love out of your mind?
How do you get the most bang for the buck?
How do you get there?
How do you get these children to do what you want them to do?
How do you get this stuff?
How do you get this thing to work?
How do you get through the night?
How do you get to Tomplatz from here?
How do you get to college?
How do you get to school?
How do you get to the bank from here?
How do you get to the multi-storey car park?
How do you get to the park?
How do you get to the station, please?
How do you get to this answer?
How do you get to work?
How do you get up to date?
How do you get wisdom?
How do you get your children out of bed and off to play?
How do you get your children to behave?
How do you get your children to eat vegetables?
How do you get your hair to look like that?
How do you get your protein?
How do you go about doing that?
How do you go about writing songs?
How do you go there? By car?
How do you go to school every day?
How do you go to school?
How do you go to work?
How do you greet people in Berber?
How do you greet someone in the morning using your language?
How do you greet someone informally in French?
How do you guys feel about that?
How do you guys know Tom?
How do you guys know we're there?
How do you guys know?
How do you handle all of the pressure?
How do you handle all the attention?
How do you handle challenging circumstances?
How do you handle complaints from neighbors?
How do you handle credit card debt?
How do you handle difficult employees?
How do you handle flirtation?
How do you handle language barriers in different countries?
How do you handle language interference or mixing up words?
How do you handle language learning setbacks, such as forgetting vocabulary?
How do you handle language learning when you're busy with other commitments?
How do you handle language-related self-doubt or imposter syndrome?
How do you handle learning languages that have distinct regional variations?
How do you handle learning languages with complex tonal systems, such as Mandarin Chinese?
How do you handle learning languages with different levels of formality, such as Japanese?
How do you handle learning languages with different politeness levels, such as Korean?
How do you handle learning languages with different writing directions, such as Arabic?
How do you handle learning languages with extensive verb conjugation systems?
How do you handle learning languages with gendered nouns and pronouns?
How do you handle medical emergencies while abroad?
How do you handle pressure?
How do you handle security issues?
How do you handle stress and pressure?
How do you handle stress at work?
How do you handle stress?
How do you handle the cognitive load of switching between languages?
How do you handle the fear of the unknown when traveling?
How do you handle the pressure of using multiple languages in professional settings?
How do you handle travel fatigue and jet lag?
How do you handle travel-related loneliness or homesickness?
How do you handle travel-related setbacks or delays?
How do you handle unfamiliar or spicy local foods?
How do you handle your anger?
How do you happen to know Mr Slater?
How do you happen to know Tom?
How do you have one hundred brothers-in-law?
How do you have so much free time?
How do you have such a good body?
How do you have such a good shape?
How do you have such good muscles?
How do you have this number?
How do you have to picture that?
How do you heat the house?
How do you heat your house?
How do you help Tom?
How do you help someone who doesn't want your help?
How do you hope to achieve that?
How do you hope to achieve these goals?
How do you identify your abilities?
How do you imagine an unforgettable date?
How do you imagine our vacation together will actually go?
How do you immerse yourself in the local culture?
How do you import settings?
How do you incorporate cultural immersion into your language learning process?
How do you incorporate language learning into your daily routine?
How do you incorporate language learning into your travels?
How do you intend to achieve that?
How do you intend to achieve this?
How do you intend to do it?
How do you intend to do that without money?
How do you intend to do that?
How do you intend to fix this?
How do you intend to go forward?
How do you intend to help?
How do you intend to structure the book?
How do you interact with members of your community if they're stretched across the world? Many people rely on the Internet, email and social media to communicate across borders. But for many Hmong people — far from their ancestral home in Asia — teleconferencing is the most popular way to share news and information.
How do you interpret the poem?
How do you interpret these findings?
How do you interpret these lines of the poem?
How do you interpret these sentences?
How do you interpret these words?
How do you interpret this poem?
How do you interpret this verse?
How do you keep cats out of your garden?
How do you keep costs down?
How do you keep employees focused on their day-to-day responsibilities?
How do you keep fit?
How do you keep from getting fingerprints all over your screen?
How do you keep kids out of gangs?
How do you keep so calm?
How do you keep the momentum going?
How do you keep track of who paid and who is cheating?
How do you keep your composure when you just actually want to send everyone and everything packing?
How do you keep yourself in shape?
How do you keep yourself organized?
How do you kids do it?
How do you kill cockroaches?
How do you kill the ivy roots?
How do you know God?
How do you know Gretel?
How do you know I didn't do it?
How do you know I didn't do that?
How do you know I didn't volunteer?
How do you know I don't have it?
How do you know I don't know?
How do you know I even want that job?
How do you know I haven't found someone special?
How do you know I know what I'm talking about?
How do you know I saw a gnome?
How do you know I was going to say yes?
How do you know I'm a sentient being?
How do you know I'm going out with Tom?
How do you know I'm not Canadian?
How do you know I'm not an alien probe here to secretly study humans and their weaknesses?
How do you know I'm not from here?
How do you know I'm not going to do that again?
How do you know I'm not the one who did it?
How do you know I'm not the one who did that?
How do you know Islam is true?
How do you know Mary didn't do what she said she did?
How do you know Mary didn't do what she says she did?
How do you know Mary didn't do what she was supposed to do?
How do you know Mary is not into me?
How do you know Mary?
How do you know Tom Jackson?
How do you know Tom and Mary are bluffing?
How do you know Tom and Mary are going be there?
How do you know Tom and Mary are really safe?
How do you know Tom and Mary are safe?
How do you know Tom and Mary are there?
How do you know Tom and Mary are unhappy?
How do you know Tom and Mary aren't going to do that?
How do you know Tom and Mary aren't happy?
How do you know Tom and Mary aren't lying?
How do you know Tom and Mary aren't the ones who did that?
How do you know Tom and Mary didn't do what they said they did?
How do you know Tom and Mary didn't do what they say they did?
How do you know Tom and Mary didn't do what they were supposed to do?
How do you know Tom and Mary don't know what happened?
How do you know Tom and Mary were drunk?
How do you know Tom and Mary were the ones did that?
How do you know Tom and Mary were the ones who did that?
How do you know Tom and Mary weren't going to be in Boston?
How do you know Tom and Mary weren't hiding something?
How do you know Tom and Mary weren't the ones who did that?
How do you know Tom did it?
How do you know Tom did that?
How do you know Tom didn't do anything?
How do you know Tom didn't do it?
How do you know Tom didn't do that?
How do you know Tom didn't do what he said he did?
How do you know Tom didn't do what he says he did?
How do you know Tom didn't do what he was supposed to do?
How do you know Tom didn't eat before you got there?
How do you know Tom didn't kiss Mary?
How do you know Tom didn't lie to you?
How do you know Tom didn't win?
How do you know Tom doesn't know what happened?
How do you know Tom doesn't like Mary?
How do you know Tom has a dog?
How do you know Tom has never been to Australia?
How do you know Tom has never been to Boston?
How do you know Tom is bluffing?
How do you know Tom is going be there?
How do you know Tom is really safe?
How do you know Tom is safe?
How do you know Tom is there?
How do you know Tom is unhappy?
How do you know Tom isn't a native speaker?
How do you know Tom isn't going to do that again?
How do you know Tom isn't going to do that?
How do you know Tom isn't going to kiss Mary?
How do you know Tom isn't going to win?
How do you know Tom isn't happy?
How do you know Tom isn't in Australia?
How do you know Tom isn't in Boston?
How do you know Tom isn't lying?
How do you know Tom isn't the one who did that?
How do you know Tom kissed Mary?
How do you know Tom knows what he's talking about?
How do you know Tom likes Mary?
How do you know Tom wants to do that?
How do you know Tom was the one did that?
How do you know Tom was the one who did it?
How do you know Tom was the one who did that?
How do you know Tom was the one who did this?
How do you know Tom wasn't going to be in Boston?
How do you know Tom wasn't hiding something?
How do you know Tom wasn't the one who did that?
How do you know Tom will be there?
How do you know Tom will do that?
How do you know Tom will do what he says he'll do?
How do you know Tom won't be in Australia next week?
How do you know Tom won't be in Boston next week?
How do you know Tom won't do that?
How do you know Tom won't go to Australia next week?
How do you know Tom won't want Mary to do that?
How do you know Tom won't want to do that?
How do you know Tom won't want you to do that?
How do you know Tom won't win?
How do you know Tom?
How do you know Wyoming is real?
How do you know Yanni?
How do you know Ziri?
How do you know about Tom?
How do you know about her?
How do you know about him?
How do you know about me and Sergio being a thing? I thought we were really careful and hadn't left any clues...
How do you know about that?
How do you know about them?
How do you know about this?
How do you know all of this, Mary?
How do you know all of this, Tom?
How do you know all of this?
How do you know all that stuff?
How do you know all that?
How do you know all these things, Tom?
How do you know all these things?
How do you know all this stuff?
How do you know all this?
How do you know each other?
How do you know for sure?
How do you know he needs it?
How do you know her name?
How do you know her?
How do you know him?
How do you know his name?
How do you know how deep the lake is?
How do you know how hard it is?
How do you know how heavy it is?
How do you know how much money Tom and Mary have?
How do you know how much money Tom has?
How do you know how old I am?
How do you know how thick it is?
How do you know how to do that?
How do you know how to do this?
How do you know how to pronounce a name or a word?
How do you know how to speak French so well?
How do you know humans are the only species using the Internet?
How do you know if a mushroom is edible or not?
How do you know if a mushroom is poisonous or not?
How do you know if a mushroom is poisonous?
How do you know if an egg is rotten or not?
How do you know if an egg is spoiled or not?
How do you know if somebody is in love with you?
How do you know if someone is handicapped or not?
How do you know if someone is in a gang?
How do you know if you were hacked?
How do you know if you're in love with somebody?
How do you know if you're in love with someone?
How do you know if your child is ready for preschool?
How do you know if your email account has been hacked?
How do you know it isn't too late?
How do you know it was Tom who broke the window?
How do you know it was Tom who stole your wallet?
How do you know it won't break down?
How do you know it won't happen again?
How do you know it'll be terrible?
How do you know it's a bad movie if you've never even seen it?
How do you know it's me?
How do you know it's not a trap?
How do you know it's not in this room somewhere?
How do you know it's not real?
How do you know it's real?
How do you know it's safe?
How do you know it's true?
How do you know light travels faster than sound?
How do you know me?
How do you know my father?
How do you know my name?
How do you know my wife?
How do you know she's sick?
How do you know so much about Algeria?
How do you know so much about Tom?
How do you know so much about it?
How do you know so much about me?
How do you know so much about this?
How do you know so much?
How do you know somebody hasn't already found it?
How do you know someone hasn't already found it?
How do you know someone is a runner?
How do you know something happened?
How do you know something isn't true?
How do you know something's real if you've never actually seen it for yourself?
How do you know such things?
How do you know that I didn't do it?
How do you know that I didn't do that?
How do you know that I didn't volunteer?
How do you know that I don't have it?
How do you know that I don't know?
How do you know that I even want that job?
How do you know that I haven't found someone special?
How do you know that I knew?
How do you know that I know what I'm talking about?
How do you know that I'm going out with Tom?
How do you know that I'm not Canadian?
How do you know that I'm not from here?
How do you know that I'm not going to do that again?
How do you know that I'm not the one who did that?
How do you know that Tom and Mary aren't in Boston?
How do you know that Tom and Mary aren't native speakers?
How do you know that Tom and Mary have never been to Boston?
How do you know that Tom and Mary were the ones who did that?
How do you know that Tom can do what he says he can?
How do you know that Tom did it?
How do you know that Tom did that?
How do you know that Tom didn't do that?
How do you know that Tom didn't do what he was supposed to do?
How do you know that Tom didn't win?
How do you know that Tom doesn't like Mary?
How do you know that Tom has never been to Australia?
How do you know that Tom has never been to Boston?
How do you know that Tom is undressing you with his eyes?
How do you know that Tom isn't a native speaker?
How do you know that Tom isn't going to do that again?
How do you know that Tom isn't going to kiss Mary?
How do you know that Tom isn't in Australia?
How do you know that Tom isn't in Boston?
How do you know that Tom isn’t a native speaker?
How do you know that Tom kissed Mary?
How do you know that Tom knows what he's talking about?
How do you know that Tom was the one who did it?
How do you know that Tom was the one who did that?
How do you know that Tom was the one who did this?
How do you know that Tom will do that?
How do you know that Tom will do what he says he'll do?
How do you know that Tom won't be in Australia next week?
How do you know that Tom won't do that?
How do you know that Tom won't follow us to Boston?
How do you know that Tom won't go to Australia next week?
How do you know that already?
How do you know that belongs to Tom?
How do you know that belongs to her?
How do you know that belongs to him?
How do you know that for sure?
How do you know that he needs it?
How do you know that he's already dead?
How do you know that isn't true?
How do you know that it is correct?
How do you know that it's correct?
How do you know that it's his?
How do you know that light travels faster than sound?
How do you know that that belongs to Tom?
How do you know that that isn't true?
How do you know that that was the cause?
How do you know that that'll happen?
How do you know that that's not true?
How do you know that that's true?
How do you know that that's where Tom is now?
How do you know that the patient is not feigning illness?
How do you know that they aren't Canadians?
How do you know that they came here?
How do you know that they committed any crime?
How do you know that they're Canadians?
How do you know that they're looking for us?
How do you know that this wasn't done by a disgruntled employee?
How do you know that was the cause?
How do you know that will happen?
How do you know that you aren't mistaking me for somebody else?
How do you know that you aren't mistaking me for someone else?
How do you know that you can do that?
How do you know that you can trust Tom?
How do you know that you can't do it unless you try?
How do you know that you don't need a bodyguard?
How do you know that you wouldn't have done that same thing Tom did if you were in his shoes?
How do you know that you're not mistaking me for somebody else?
How do you know that you're not mistaking me for someone else?
How do you know that your house is haunted?
How do you know that your medlar fruits are mature?
How do you know that'll happen?
How do you know that's from her?
How do you know that's not true?
How do you know that's true?
How do you know that's where Tom and Mary are now?
How do you know that's where Tom is now?
How do you know that, Tom?
How do you know that, sir?
How do you know that?
How do you know that? Can you read minds?
How do you know the difference?
How do you know the door was locked?
How do you know the police don't know what happened?
How do you know the same thing won't happen again?
How do you know them?
How do you know there aren't any?
How do you know there isn't one?
How do you know these details about my life?
How do you know these things?
How do you know they are lesbians?
How do you know they aren't Canadians?
How do you know they came here?
How do you know they committed any crime?
How do you know they're Canadians?
How do you know they're looking for us?
How do you know they're not just giving you a weird look because you have a funny face?
How do you know they’re not just giving you a weird look because you have a funny face?
How do you know this car is Tom's?
How do you know this is a fake?
How do you know this isn't a fake?
How do you know this isn't a trick?
How do you know this isn't real?
How do you know this machine is really safe to use?
How do you know this wasn't done by a disgruntled employee?
How do you know this?
How do you know those are real diamonds?
How do you know those guys won't try to kill us?
How do you know we're not too late?
How do you know we're there?
How do you know what I had?
How do you know what I heard?
How do you know what I said?
How do you know what I'm thinking?
How do you know what Tom did?
How do you know what color it is?
How do you know what he needs?
How do you know what my chromosomes are?
How do you know what to buy?
How do you know what you should do?
How do you know what's real?
How do you know what's right?
How do you know when it's done?
How do you know when it's time to pull the trigger?
How do you know when nobody knows?
How do you know when the postman comes to your house?
How do you know when to stop eating?
How do you know when to stop?
How do you know when you're in love with someone?
How do you know when you're in love?
How do you know when you've found the right person for the job?
How do you know where I live?
How do you know where to go?
How do you know which one is yours?
How do you know who I am?
How do you know why Tom did that?
How do you know you aren't mistaking me for somebody else?
How do you know you aren't mistaking me for someone else?
How do you know you can do that?
How do you know you can trust Tom?
How do you know you can't do it unless you try?
How do you know you don't need a bodyguard?
How do you know you wouldn't have done that same thing Tom did if you were in his shoes?
How do you know you wouldn't have done the same thing Tom did if you were in his shoes?
How do you know you're a woman?
How do you know you're having a crush on someone?
How do you know you're not a brain in a vat?
How do you know you're not mistaking me for somebody else?
How do you know you're not mistaking me for someone else?
How do you know your ancestors even lived where you do now?
How do you know your house is haunted?
How do you know?
How do you learn Berber vocabulary?
How do you learn Berber?
How do you learn Dutch?
How do you learn Esperanto?
How do you learn Tamazight?
How do you learn a language like Berber?
How do you learn a tonal language like Chinese?
How do you learn foreign languages?
How do you like Australia so far?
How do you like Australia?
How do you like Boston so far?
How do you like Boston?
How do you like Germany?
How do you like Japan?
How do you like Kazan?
How do you like Kyoto?
How do you like Mary's new hairstyle?
How do you like Moscow?
How do you like New York?
How do you like Texas so far?
How do you like being a Muslim?
How do you like being single?
How do you like coffee — with or without sugar?
How do you like country life?
How do you like doing that?
How do you like it here in Boston?
How do you like it here with us?
How do you like it here?
How do you like it?
How do you like living here?
How do you like living in Australia?
How do you like living in Boston?
How do you like living in the country?
How do you like living on your own?
How do you like living with your brother?
How do you like my dress?
How do you like my glasses?
How do you like my gown?
How do you like my hair?
How do you like my house?
How do you like my new Kabyle dress?
How do you like my new hairstyle?
How do you like my new hat?
How do you like my new house?
How do you like my new suit?
How do you like my new wall calendar?
How do you like my rose bushes?
How do you like my shoes?
How do you like our city?
How do you like that TV news program?
How do you like that?
How do you like the climate here?
How do you like the climate of Japan?
How do you like the meat?
How do you like the new design?
How do you like the new me?
How do you like the new teacher?
How do you like the soup?
How do you like the way Tom decorated the room?
How do you like the weather here?
How do you like the wine?
How do you like them apples?
How do you like these photos? I had them developed today.
How do you like these poems?
How do you like this bronze figure I picked up in my travels?
How do you like this color combination?
How do you like this dress? It would look good on you.
How do you like this idea?
How do you like this job?
How do you like this little bronze figure?
How do you like this one?
How do you like this outfit?
How do you like this painting?
How do you like this parka?
How do you like this place?
How do you like this school?
How do you like this town?
How do you like this whisky?
How do you like this wine?
How do you like this, Elon Musk?
How do you like this?
How do you like to celebrate your achievements?
How do you like to celebrate your birthday?
How do you like to eat your eggs when you wake up in the morning?
How do you like to have your eggs done and cooked?
How do you like to relax after a long day?
How do you like to relax and chill out at the end of a long working day?
How do you like to start your day?
How do you like to start your mornings?
How do you like to unwind after a busy day?
How do you like to unwind after a long day?
How do you like to unwind after a stressful day?
How do you like working here?
How do you like your French classes?
How do you like your beef stew?
How do you like your boss's plan?
How do you like your boss’s plan?
How do you like your chances?
How do you like your coffee brewed?
How do you like your coffee, with or without sugar?
How do you like your coffee?
How do you like your coffee? Strong and black?
How do you like your eggs done?
How do you like your eggs for breakfast?
How do you like your eggs prepared?
How do you like your eggs?
How do you like your foster parents?
How do you like your job, Tom?
How do you like your meat cooked?
How do you like your new French teacher?
How do you like your new apartment?
How do you like your new car?
How do you like your new class?
How do you like your new computer?
How do you like your new house?
How do you like your new job?
How do you like your new place?
How do you like your new school?
How do you like your steak?
How do you like your tea?
How do you live like this?
How do you live with that?
How do you live with yourself?
How do you live without a phone?
How do you load staples into a stapler?
How do you look at yourself in the mirror?
How do you loosen the straps on a backpack?
How do you maintain a balance between your native language and your other languages?
How do you maintain a sense of routine while constantly on the move?
How do you maintain a sense of security while traveling alone?
How do you maintain a sustainable travel lifestyle?
How do you maintain and improve your language skills?
How do you maintain balance in your life?
How do you maintain your inner glow?
How do you maintain your language skills in languages you don't frequently use?
How do you make Mirano?
How do you make a box?
How do you make a living?
How do you make a paper airplane?
How do you make a paper boat?
How do you make a positive impact on the places you visit?
How do you make a sandwich?
How do you make a triangle-shaped onigiri? No matter how many times I try I can only make round onigiri.
How do you make an online bill payment?
How do you make authentic connections with locals in a foreign country?
How do you make avocados ripen faster?
How do you make babies?
How do you make beef stew?
How do you make coffee?
How do you make compost?
How do you make decisions?
How do you make hand sanitizer?
How do you make holy water? You cook the hell out of it.
How do you make ice cream?
How do you make money?
How do you make nouns plural?
How do you make pancakes?
How do you make such a high voice?
How do you make sure people do what you ask them to do?
How do you make sure that people do what you ask them to do?
How do you make that noise?
How do you make that?
How do you make the ball curve like that?
How do you make the font bigger?
How do you make the smoke?
How do you make them obey?
How do you make this soup?
How do you make this verb negative in Berber?
How do you make this?
How do you make vegan cannabutter?
How do you make vegan mead?
How do you make your money?
How do you make yourself an email address?
How do you manage not to love him?
How do you manage not to love it?
How do you manage stress in your job?
How do you manage stress?
How do you manage that?
How do you manage to be so slow?
How do you manage to do it all?
How do you manage to do this?
How do you manage to eat so much and not gain weight?
How do you manage to eat so much and not get fat?
How do you manage to find time to do that?
How do you manage to remain optimistic?
How do you manage to remain so optimistic?
How do you manage to stay healthy and fit while traveling?
How do you manage to stay optimistic?
How do you manage to tell them apart?
How do you manage to work and study?
How do you manage when things get tough?
How do you manage your children's behaviors?
How do you manage your finances while traveling long-term?
How do you manage?
How do you mean that, exactly?
How do you mean this?
How do you mean?
How do you measure happiness?
How do you measure success?
How do you measure that?
How do you measure your progress in different languages?
How do you milk a cow?
How do you milk a goat?
How do you miss something that big?
How do you motivate yourself to do something? Don't bother. There's no hope for you.
How do you motivate yourself when you’re feeling stuck?
How do you navigate office politics?
How do you navigate through unfamiliar cities or towns?
How do you navigate through unfamiliar public transportation systems?
How do you negotiate with a predator?
How do you normally celebrate the Fourth of July?
How do you normally do this?
How do you not kill each other?
How do you not understand?
How do you nurture yourself daily?
How do you obtain the freshest, locally grown produce in a big city? For an increasing number of urbanites, the answer is to grow it yourself.
How do you open a bottle without a bottle opener?
How do you open this box?
How do you open this door?
How do you open this?
How do you operate this machine?
How do you overcome co-dependency?
How do you overcome language barriers when trying to communicate?
How do you overcome the fear of making mistakes when speaking a new language?
How do you pack efficiently for long-term travel?
How do you pack light for different types of trips or climates?
How do you parse this sentence?
How do you pass the time when you're at home?
How do you pass the time?
How do you pay the bills?
How do you people sleep at night?
How do you perceive me?
How do you perceive the world?
How do you pick out the best asparagus?
How do you pick the books you read?
How do you pick the songs you sing?
How do you picture a flawless date experience?
How do you plan on doing it?
How do you plan on doing that?
How do you plan on helping?
How do you plan on hiding it?
How do you plan on hiding this?
How do you plan on keeping Tom from doing that?
How do you plan on making your mark on the world?
How do you plan on paying for that?
How do you plan on paying for this?
How do you plan on preventing Tom from doing that?
How do you plan on stopping Tom from doing that?
How do you plan on telling Tom that?
How do you plan to achieve the goals you set?
How do you plan to achieve this?
How do you plan to celebrate your birthday?
How do you plan to celebrate?
How do you plan to change that?
How do you plan to change this?
How do you plan to deal with that matter?
How do you plan to deal with that problem?
How do you plan to deal with that?
How do you plan to do it?
How do you plan to do that?
How do you plan to get home?
How do you plan to get there?
How do you plan to go about changing that?
How do you plan to go to Australia?
How do you plan to go to Boston?
How do you plan to handle this problem?
How do you plan to handle this?
How do you plan to help me?
How do you plan to help?
How do you plan to keep Tom from doing that?
How do you plan to make amends?
How do you plan to market this?
How do you plan to pay for all this?
How do you plan to pay for them?
How do you plan to pay for this?
How do you plan to pay?
How do you plan to prevent Tom from doing that?
How do you plan to proceed?
How do you plan to raise the money?
How do you plan to rescue Tom?
How do you plan to spend the summer?
How do you plan to spend your weekend?
How do you plan to stop Tom from doing that?
How do you play chess?
How do you play hide-and-seek?
How do you play poker?
How do you play this game?
How do you plead?
How do you post a picture?
How do you practice languages that have few or no native speakers available?
How do you practice mindfulness in your beauty routine?
How do you practice self-care?
How do you practice speaking in your target languages?
How do you prefer to be comforted and cared for after a hard day?
How do you prefer to cook trout?
How do you prefer your eggs?
How do you prefer your pussies, shaved or with a little bush?
How do you prepare butterbur, again?
How do you prepare for a job like this?
How do you prepare for weather like that?
How do you prepare that soup?
How do you prepare this dish?
How do you prevent an infection when a cat scratches you?
How do you prevent back pain?
How do you prioritize your work?
How do you promote your business?
How do you pronounce "Wi-Fi" in French?
How do you pronounce "about" in English?
How do you pronounce "pfirsichbaeumchen"?
How do you pronounce "pretty"?
How do you pronounce "pronounce"?
How do you pronounce her name?
How do you pronounce his name?
How do you pronounce it?
How do you pronounce that?
How do you pronounce the "@" sign in your language?
How do you pronounce this word?
How do you pronounce this?
How do you pronounce your first name?
How do you pronounce your last name?
How do you pronounce your name?
How do you properly dispose of light bulbs?
How do you propose doing that?
How do you propose getting there?
How do you propose to do that?
How do you propose to help?
How do you propose we do that?
How do you propose we help?
How do you propose we solve this problem?
How do you protect your computer from viruses?
How do you prove something like that?
How do you prove that?
How do you psych yourself up before matches?
How do you pull that off?
How do you punish your children when they misbehave?
How do you put a sentence up for adoption?
How do you put up with Tom?
How do you put up with all that?
How do you put up with all the noise?
How do you put up with her?
How do you put up with him?
How do you put up with it?
How do you put up with that kind of humiliation?
How do you put up with the noise?
How do you put up with them?
How do you rank that?
How do you rate the city manager's performance over the past three years?
How do you read and write?
How do you read the last word on the third line?
How do you read the present situation?
How do you read this character?
How do you read this kanji?
How do you really feel about Yuri?
How do you really feel about me?
How do you really feel, Tom?
How do you really feel?
How do you rebuild your confidence at work?
How do you recognize them?
How do you register to vote?
How do you relax after a hard day at work?
How do you relax after school?
How do you relax after work?
How do you relax in your free time?
How do you relax in your spare time?
How do you relax?
How do you relieve stress?
How do you remain competitive in this tough market?
How do you remember and retain vocabulary in multiple languages?
How do you remember that?
How do you remove red wine stains from your carpet?
How do you respect and learn from indigenous cultures during your travels?
How do you respect and preserve the environment while traveling?
How do you respond to adversity?
How do you respond to that?
How do you ride a horse?
How do you ride a skateboard?
How do you save energy at home?
How do you say "" in Lojban?
How do you say "How do you say 'I ate an apple.' in Lojban?" in Lojban?
How do you say "I love you" in Berber?
How do you say "I love you" in French?
How do you say "I love you" in Slovak?
How do you say "I'm sorry" in French?
How do you say "Scam" in Cantonese?
How do you say "Sunday" in French?
How do you say "apple" in your language?
How do you say "application" in Dutch?
How do you say "banana" in Berber?
How do you say "bird" in Tibetan?
How do you say "blog" in Latin?
How do you say "bonjour" in German in the afternoon?
How do you say "bravo" in German?
How do you say "cable" in Arabic?
How do you say "cat" in Spanish?
How do you say "change" in Sudanese?
How do you say "cheese" in German?
How do you say "elephant" in French?
How do you say "farm" in Russian?
How do you say "firma" in English?
How do you say "good bye" in German?
How do you say "goodbye" in Berber?
How do you say "goodbye" in French?
How do you say "hello" in Berber?
How do you say "hello" in French?
How do you say "hello" in Spanish?
How do you say "house of culture" in Portuguese?
How do you say "idiot" in Berber?
How do you say "kaisha" in English?
How do you say "love" in French?
How do you say "love" in Portuguese?
How do you say "lung"?
How do you say "new year" in Polish?
How do you say "nice to meet you" in Berber?
How do you say "ninety-seven" in various languages?
How do you say "no" in Berber?
How do you say "owl" in Greek?
How do you say "pasta" in Italian?
How do you say "pickles" in Estonian?
How do you say "pizza" in Italian?
How do you say "please" in Slovak?
How do you say "please" in Wolof?
How do you say "quorum" in Latin?
How do you say "rugby" in English?
How do you say "sir" in English?
How do you say "sir" in German?
How do you say "spider" in German?
How do you say "spider" in Slovak?
How do you say "steamed rice" in Vietnamese?
How do you say "sweat" in Shawiya?
How do you say "telephone" in Turkish?
How do you say "thank you" in Czech?
How do you say "thank you" in French?
How do you say "thank you" in Japanese?
How do you say "thanks" in Berber?
How do you say "thanks" in French?
How do you say "trust" in French?
How do you say "të lutem" in Italian?
How do you say "university" in Swedish?
How do you say "what is your name?" in Berber?
How do you say "window" in Karelian?
How do you say "yuri" in English?
How do you say 'a cat' in Hebrew?
How do you say 'lung'?
How do you say 'pine cones' in your native language?
How do you say 'rushing' in Russian?
How do you say 97 in various languages?
How do you say Limburgish in Limburgish?
How do you say XXX in Dutch?
How do you say XXX in English?
How do you say XXX in Portuguese?
How do you say XXX in your language?
How do you say all that in Berber?
How do you say all this in Berber?
How do you say file in mongolian?
How do you say he is an artist?
How do you say hello in Berber?
How do you say it in Croatian?
How do you say it in Czech?
How do you say it in English?
How do you say it in Finnish?
How do you say it in French?
How do you say it in German?
How do you say it in Hungarian?
How do you say it in Italian?
How do you say it in Korean?
How do you say it in Polish?
How do you say it in Romanian?
How do you say it in Russian?
How do you say it in Serbian?
How do you say it in Slovak?
How do you say it in Slovene?
How do you say it in Spanish?
How do you say it in Turkish?
How do you say it?
How do you say kindergarten in German?
How do you say lobster in French?
How do you say reality in Burmese?
How do you say that in Berber?
How do you say that in Dutch?
How do you say that in English?
How do you say that in French?
How do you say that in German?
How do you say that in Italian?
How do you say that in Russian?
How do you say that in Slovene?
How do you say that in Yiddish?
How do you say that in your language?
How do you say that in your native language?
How do you say that?
How do you say these two phrases in French?
How do you say this in Berber?
How do you say this in English?
How do you say this in French?
How do you say this in Yiddish?
How do you say this in the Berber language?
How do you say this sentence in your language?
How do you say this word in your language?
How do you say this word?
How do you say this?
How do you say your first name?
How do you say your name?
How do you say ’a cat’ in Hebrew?
How do you say ’lung’?
How do you say, "I love you", in your language?
How do you say...?
How do you say? phone in latin
How do you scan French poetry?
How do you see it?
How do you see me?
How do you see the future of Algeria's economy?
How do you see the future of Algeria?
How do you see the future of Islam in Europe?
How do you see the future?
How do you see the market today?
How do you see the matter?
How do you see your future?
How do you see your ideal work environment?
How do you see your life after quitting smoking?
How do you separate the lambs from their mom?
How do you settle office squabbles?
How do you sleep at night after all you've done?
How do you sleep at night knowing what you've done?
How do you sleep at night, knowing what you've done?
How do you sleep at night?
How do you solve for the coefficient of a fraction?
How do you speak Tamazight so well?
How do you speak this language so well?
How do you speak with teenagers?
How do you spell "bludgeon"?
How do you spell "pretty"?
How do you spell "refrigerator"?
How do you spell "rhinoceros"?
How do you spell Algiers?
How do you spell Tom's last name?
How do you spell YMCA?
How do you spell her name?
How do you spell it in Berber?
How do you spell it?
How do you spell that word?
How do you spell that?
How do you spell that? With an "a" or with an "o"?
How do you spell the word?
How do you spell this word?
How do you spell your family name?
How do you spell your first name?
How do you spell your last name?
How do you spell your name?
How do you spell your surname?
How do you spend the New Year?
How do you spend time?
How do you spend your days off?
How do you spend your days?
How do you spend your evenings?
How do you spend your free time?
How do you spend your leisure time in Algeria?
How do you spend your summers?
How do you spend your time away from work?
How do you spend your time now?
How do you spend your time?
How do you spend your weekends?
How do you split two variables using a delimiter?
How do you spot a liar?
How do you spot a lie?
How do you stand it?
How do you stand this cold?
How do you stand this heat?
How do you stand this humidity?
How do you start a business from scratch?
How do you start a business in Algeria?
How do you start a profitable blog in seven days?
How do you start and grow a business?
How do you start to learn a new language?
How do you start your Monday?
How do you start your day?
How do you start your morning?
How do you start your own business in Algeria?
How do you stay an optimist?
How do you stay connected with family and friends while traveling?
How do you stay in such shape year-round?
How do you stay motivated during the language learning journey?
How do you stay motivated?
How do you stay safe?
How do you stay so calm?
How do you stay so motivated?
How do you stay up to date with the latest slang and idioms in your target languages?
How do you stay up to date?
How do you stop hiccups?
How do you stop it?
How do you stop this?
How do you study Esperanto?
How do you study French?
How do you study so many languages at the same time?
How do you study?
How do you subsidize those programs?
How do you suck all the oxygen out of the room and still don’t get any to your brain?
How do you suggest I write up this report?
How do you suggest that we settle this?
How do you suggest that we solve this problem?
How do you suggest we deal with Tom?
How do you suggest we deal with this?
How do you suggest we do that?
How do you suggest we get Tom to change his mind?
How do you suggest we go about it?
How do you suggest we help?
How do you suggest we proceed?
How do you suggest we settle this problem?
How do you suggest we should solve the problem?
How do you suggest we solve the problem?
How do you suggest we solve this problem?
How do you suggest we take care of this?
How do you support yourselves?
How do you suppose Tom found us?
How do you suppose this happened?
How do you swim?
How do you switch between different accounts?
How do you switch between different languages in your daily life?
How do you switch your computer off?
How do you synthesize aspirin?
How do you tackle a translation project?
How do you tackle things that are hard?
How do you tag a sentence?
How do you take care of indoor plants?
How do you take care of them?
How do you take care of your body and mind?
How do you take off the shell of a boiled egg cleanly? Is there some sort of trick?
How do you take your coffee, with or without sugar?
How do you take your coffee?
How do you talk to Tom?
How do you talk to women?
How do you teach Dutch?
How do you teach children to appreciate what they have?
How do you teach kids to appreciate what they have?
How do you teach your kids manners?
How do you teach yourself to not be overconfident?
How do you tell each other apart?
How do you tell if a mushroom is poisonous?
How do you tell somebody that their child has died?
How do you tell somebody that?
How do you tell someone that?
How do you tell someone their children died?
How do you tell the difference between an edible mushroom and a poisonous one?
How do you tell the difference?
How do you tell the time in Berber?
How do you tell them apart?
How do you tell time in space?
How do you tell what's pornographic and what isn't?
How do you tell when a pineapple is ripe?
How do you think I can convince her to spend more time with me?
How do you think I can help you?
How do you think I feel about it?
How do you think I feel?
How do you think I felt?
How do you think I learned to speak English?
How do you think I learned to speak French?
How do you think I should do that?
How do you think I'm going to do that?
How do you think Tom and Mary are doing?
How do you think Tom and Mary are?
How do you think Tom and Mary do that?
How do you think Tom and Mary feel?
How do you think Tom and Mary were able to do that?
How do you think Tom and Mary were able to win?
How do you think Tom did that?
How do you think Tom died?
How do you think Tom does it?
How do you think Tom does that?
How do you think Tom feels?
How do you think Tom found us?
How do you think Tom got so dirty?
How do you think Tom is doing?
How do you think Tom is going to propose to Mary?
How do you think Tom knew that we were going to be here?
How do you think Tom knew that?
How do you think Tom knew we were going to be here?
How do you think Tom plans to do that?
How do you think Tom reacted?
How do you think Tom survived?
How do you think Tom was able to do that?
How do you think Tom was able to win?
How do you think Tom was killed?
How do you think Tom will convince Mary to marry him?
How do you think Tom will cope with the situation?
How do you think Tom will do it?
How do you think Tom will do that?
How do you think Tom will do?
How do you think Tom will propose to Mary?
How do you think Tom will reply?
How do you think Tom will win?
How do you think Tom would do that?
How do you think Tom would feel about that?
How do you think climate change will affect future generations?
How do you think climate change will affect our lives in the future?
How do you think humans are going to become extinct?
How do you think it happened?
How do you think it made me feel?
How do you think it went?
How do you think it'll go?
How do you think national health insurance affects physicians, patients, and society?
How do you think people can overcome prejudice?
How do you think people get famous anymore?
How do you think social media impacts personal relationships?
How do you think that Britons should vote in the upcoming referendum? What do you think the results will be like?
How do you think that Tom knew that we were going to be here?
How do you think that Tom knew we were going to be here?
How do you think that Tom that we were going to be here?
How do you think that Tom was able to do that?
How do you think that impacted what you were trying to do?
How do you think that made Tom and Mary feel?
How do you think that made Tom feel?
How do you think that made me feel?
How do you think that makes me feel?
How do you think that the campaign is going?
How do you think that the court will decide?
How do you think that this revolution got under way?
How do you think that this situation should be resolved?
How do you think that we maintain order around here?
How do you think that you'd look wearing that dress?
How do you think that you'll be affected by the budget?
How do you think that you'll get home?
How do you think that your friends would describe you?
How do you think the campaign is going?
How do you think the court will decide?
How do you think the fire broke out?
How do you think the table looks?
How do you think the weather's going to be?
How do you think the world will change in the next thirty years?
How do you think they'd do it?
How do you think this change will be received?
How do you think this is going to end?
How do you think this passage would sound on the accordion?
How do you think this policy will change?
How do you think this revolution got under way?
How do you think we can help Tom?
How do you think we maintain order around here?
How do you think we need to be handling this?
How do you think we should be handling this?
How do you think we should deal with this?
How do you think we should do that?
How do you think we should do this?
How do you think we should fix this problem?
How do you think we should fix this?
How do you think we should handle this problem?
How do you think we should handle this situation?
How do you think we should handle this?
How do you think we're doing?
How do you think you can make a difference in the world?
How do you think you did on the test?
How do you think you did on today's test?
How do you think you did?
How do you think you'd look wearing that dress?
How do you think you'll be able to do that?
How do you think you'll be affected by the budget?
How do you think you'll get home?
How do you think you're doing?
How do you think you've changed in the last year?
How do you think you've changed over the years?
How do you think your friends would describe you?
How do you think your time in the Navy affected you?
How do you think you’d look wearing that dress?
How do you think you’ve changed in the past three years?
How do you tie a tie?
How do you tie your shoes?
How do you tighten a screw, clockwise or anticlockwise?
How do you tighten a screw, clockwise or counterclockwise?
How do you tighten this bolt, clockwise or counterclockwise?
How do you tighten this bolt, to the right or to the left?
How do you tighten this bolt? Clockwise or counterclockwise?
How do you tighten this bolt? To the right or to the left?
How do you tighten this screw? Clockwise or counterclockwise?
How do you tighten this screw? To the right or to the left?
How do you tolerate Tom?
How do you train a cat to use a litter box?
How do you train a dog not to tug on its leash?
How do you train for that?
How do you train for this?
How do you translate "Pfirsichbaeumchen" into Berber?
How do you translate CD into Kabyle?
How do you translate a bird into tibetan?
How do you translate these sentences from English to Spanish?
How do you translate this sentence from English into German?
How do you translate this sentence in Dutch?
How do you translate this sentence in English?
How do you translate this sentence?
How do you travel to work?
How do you turn off this light?
How do you turn on this computer?
How do you turn this computer on?
How do you turn this thing on?
How do you two handle conflict?
How do you two know Tom?
How do you two know each other?
How do you typically spend your weekends?
How do you understand "cultural relativism"?
How do you unwind after a busy day?
How do you unwind after a busy week?
How do you unwind after a stressful day?
How do you use a chisel properly?
How do you use a chisel?
How do you use bath salts?
How do you use bear spray?
How do you use chopsticks?
How do you use it?
How do you use that?
How do you use these?
How do you use this app?
How do you use this camera?
How do you use this card?
How do you use this tool?
How do you use this?
How do you usually celebrate your birthday?
How do you usually decide what to eat?
How do you usually do that?
How do you usually do this?
How do you usually get to Australia?
How do you usually get to Boston?
How do you usually greet Tom?
How do you usually handle a situation like this?
How do you usually say it?
How do you usually speak in your family?
How do you usually spend your day?
How do you usually spend your evenings?
How do you usually spend your free time?
How do you usually spend your holidays?
How do you usually spend your weekends?
How do you usually start your day?
How do you usually unwind before going to sleep?
How do you validate your card?
How do you vent your anger?
How do you verify your account?
How do you verify your bank account?
How do you view this matter?
How do you view your life?
How do you visualize Tom?
How do you want David to be remembered?
How do you want me to cook your eggs?
How do you want me to cook your steak?
How do you want me to do that?
How do you want me to do this?
How do you want me to fix this phone without knowing what's wrong with it?
How do you want me to handle that?
How do you want me to handle this?
How do you want me to help?
How do you want them?
How do you want this handled?
How do you want to be polite with people like him?
How do you want to be remembered?
How do you want to celebrate your birthday?
How do you want to die?
How do you want to do it?
How do you want to do this?
How do you want to handle it?
How do you want to handle this situation?
How do you want to improve yourself in the upcoming year?
How do you want to live your life?
How do you want to pay?
How do you want your coffee?
How do you want your eggs cooked?
How do you want your eggs?
How do you want your hair cut?
How do you want your steak?
How do you wash your towels?
How do you wear these things?
How do you wipe your butt without toilet paper?
How do you work out the surface area of a trapezium?
How do you work this machine?
How do you write "AJAX" in Kabyle?
How do you write "EyjafjallajÃ¶kull"?
How do you write "Eyjafjallajökull"?
How do you write "answer" in Danish?
How do you write "bird" in Tibetan?
How do you write "philosophy" in Portuguese?
How do you write "pretty"?
How do you write "reality" in Russian?
How do you write "sea" in Filipino?
How do you write "self-determination" in German?
How do you write "style" in Chenoui?
How do you write "time" in Latin?
How do you write Cleopatra in hieroglyphs?
How do you write a good CV?
How do you write a paper in lithuanian now?
How do you write a program which makes backup copies?
How do you write an XML schema?
How do you write an antenna in romanian?
How do you write data in hebrew?
How do you write the other examples?
How do you write the word "mountain" in Persian?
How do you write this character?
How do you write this drivel?
How do you write your jokes?
How do you write your last name?
How do you write your name?
How do you write ‘pretty’?
How do you write “change” in Sudanese?
How do you write? fall in romanian
How do your female clients differ from your male clients?
How does Afrikaans differ from Dutch?
How does Algeria dispose of its hazardous waste?
How does Algeria dispose of its plastic waste?
How does Algeria face these threats?
How does Algeria plan to take its economy to the next level?
How does Algeria run its economy?
How does Algeria want to conquer sub-Saharan markets?
How does Algeria's industry perform?
How does Algeria's political system work?
How does America impress you?
How does Australia compare to New Zealand?
How does Badis speak Arabic so well?
How does Boston compare to Chicago?
How does Elias attend that contest?
How does Esperanto, with its word-order freedom, deal with scope of negation?
How does Facebook make money?
How does Gabriel make money?
How does Google make money?
How does Islam affect your life?
How does Iuppiter hurl a thunderbolt?
How does John know Jessica?
How does Mark appear to others?
How does Mark carry himself around the office?
How does Mark come across at work?
How does Mark distract himself from all that pain?
How does Mark explain this to his students?
How does Mary know she can do that?
How does Medea relate to the Chorus?
How does Rima feel in her hijab?
How does Sami know what happened?
How does Skura carries herself around Yanni?
How does Skura react to other women around Yanni?
How does Tatoeba make money?
How does Tebboune want to transform Algeria?
How does Tom come to school?
How does Tom deal with it?
How does Tom do it?
How does Tom do that?
How does Tom do this?
How does Tom expect me to do that?
How does Tom expect us to survive?
How does Tom feel about all of this?
How does Tom feel about it?
How does Tom feel about that?
How does Tom feel about this?
How does Tom feel about you?
How does Tom feel?
How does Tom fit into all this?
How does Tom fit into this?
How does Tom get along with his in-laws?
How does Tom get away with it?
How does Tom get his information?
How does Tom get to school?
How does Tom get to work?
How does Tom go to school?
How does Tom handle situations like these?
How does Tom intend to do that?
How does Tom intend to fix this?
How does Tom intend to help?
How does Tom jump so high?
How does Tom keep his cool?
How does Tom keep his garden thriving during a drought?
How does Tom know Mary?
How does Tom know about that?
How does Tom know all this?
How does Tom know he can do it?
How does Tom know he can do that?
How does Tom know that?
How does Tom know what Mary asked John?
How does Tom know what happened?
How does Tom know?
How does Tom look?
How does Tom look? Is he better?
How does Tom make a living?
How does Tom make money?
How does Tom manage to keep a straight face?
How does Tom manage to stay so slim?
How does Tom manage to support a family on his salary?
How does Tom plan on doing that?
How does Tom plan on paying for that?
How does Tom plan on paying for this?
How does Tom plan to celebrate?
How does Tom plan to cope with the problem?
How does Tom plan to do that?
How does Tom plan to help Mary?
How does Tom plan to help us?
How does Tom plan to help?
How does Tom plan to pay for that?
How does Tom plan to pay for this?
How does Tom plan to win?
How does Tom still have a job?
How does Tom's suggestion strike you?
How does Yanni conduct himself as a father?
How does Yanni conduct himself as a husband?
How does Yanni evaluate his friendship with Skura?
How does Yanni know Skura?
How does Ziri define himself?
How does Ziri get things done?
How does Ziri know Rima?
How does Ziri look?
How does Ziri stop his hiccups?
How does a Thermos know how to keep hot things hot and cold things cold?
How does a buffalo defend itself?
How does a calculator do math?
How does a calculator work?
How does a child acquire that understanding?
How does a computer work?
How does a cow go?
How does a doctor know if a patient is lying?
How does a donkey differ from an ass?
How does a mentally ill person get that kind of job?
How does a pacemaker work?
How does a single cell create a living being that will ultimately acquire its specific form?
How does an infant learn to walk?
How does any of this make sense?
How does artificial intelligence work?
How does banana go well with cheesy rice?
How does bear spray work?
How does catnip work?
How does climate change affect marine life?
How does coffee sound?
How does electricity work?
How does everything look?
How does gravity work?
How does hail form?
How does he act around girls?
How does he bring up his children?
How does he do his job?
How does he do it?
How does he do this?
How does he gain his living?
How does he get into this thing?
How does he go to school?
How does he know that?
How does he know this? Tom, did you tell him?
How does he know?
How does he learn Berber?
How does he make money?
How does he make the report clear to read?
How does he study Berber?
How does he teach his kids manners?
How does he think it went?
How does he travel?
How does heat travel across space?
How does hot garbage like this get published?
How does inflation impact future purchasing power?
How does it all fit together?
How does it benefit a person to be beautiful?
How does it come that you don't have an accent?
How does it end?
How does it feel being married to such a beautiful woman?
How does it feel being married?
How does it feel knowing that I plow your mother every night?
How does it feel to be Mrs. Majid?
How does it feel to be Mrs. Tom Jackson?
How does it feel to be a has-been?
How does it feel to be a mother?
How does it feel to be an only child?
How does it feel to be back home?
How does it feel to be back?
How does it feel to be famous?
How does it feel to be old?
How does it feel to be retiring?
How does it feel to be seasick?
How does it feel to be the best band ever?
How does it feel to live in a tourist town?
How does it feel to lose everything?
How does it feel to lose your self-respect?
How does it feel to you?
How does it feel when you're seasick?
How does it feel, Yanni?
How does it feel?
How does it fit you?
How does it go?
How does it happen that you were not eaten up with all those hundreds and trillions of cats?
How does it help us?
How does it help you to brag that you are a free man? Don't you still have to pay taxes on time although they are revolting to you?
How does it help?
How does it look so far?
How does it look?
How does it make you feel?
How does it seem to you?
How does it smell?
How does it sound to you?
How does it taste?
How does it work?
How does ivy thrive?
How does life start?
How does memory work?
How does my voice sound?
How does one achieve success?
How does one become a Muslim?
How does one become a fairy?
How does one become a mathematician?
How does one become rich?
How does one best express that in Esperanto?
How does one build a whole castle using 14th century technology?
How does one calculate the allowance we're entitled to?
How does one calculate the capacitance of a capacitor?
How does one celebrate that?
How does one change his views?
How does one cook rice without starch?
How does one define life?
How does one eat this?
How does one find the least visited pages, and what does one do with them?
How does one get that effect?
How does one get to the bus stop?
How does one learn a foreign language?
How does one live in a country where there is no freedom of the press?
How does one make bread?
How does one prepare for that?
How does one pronounce your first name?
How does one say "I love you" in French?
How does one stop smoking?
How does one strike a balance between work and personal life?
How does one train a dog not to beg for food at the table?
How does one translate here?
How does one use this camera?
How does one write a good curriculum vitae?
How does paper absorb liquids?
How does paper absorb water?
How does politics work in France?
How does self-care improve your life?
How does she affect you?
How does she bring up her children?
How does she do her job?
How does she do it?
How does she do this?
How does she know that?
How does she know this? Mary, did you tell her?
How does she know this? Tom, did you tell her?
How does she teach her kids manners?
How does somebody know what they want if they've never even seen it?
How does someone become a member of your club?
How does someone get involved with a creep like Tom in the first place?
How does someone know if college is the right choice?
How does someone know what they want if they've never even seen it?
How does stress affect my brain?
How does that actually work?
How does that affect me?
How does that affect you?
How does that change anything?
How does that even make sense?
How does that feel?
How does that happen and why does that happen?
How does that happen?
How does that help our city?
How does that help our economy?
How does that help us?
How does that help?
How does that impact you today?
How does that make sense?
How does that make the situation unique?
How does that make you feel?
How does that relate to this topic?
How does that seem to you?
How does that solve the problem?
How does that song go?
How does that sound to you?
How does that sound?
How does that strike you?
How does that taste?
How does that water taste?
How does that work?
How does the Chorus refer to Glauke?
How does the Internet work?
How does the Shawi dress look?
How does the US protect its highest national secrets?
How does the abacus work?
How does the artist get that effect?
How does the author get that effect?
How does the brain work?
How does the couch look without the cover?
How does the death of these suicide bombers serve any purpose?
How does the discovery relate to scientific progress?
How does the engineer always fall into the trap of over-engineering?
How does the film end?
How does the first article run?
How does the food taste?
How does the front door-lock work?
How does the front-door lock work?
How does the government spend my taxes?
How does the internet influence human memory?
How does the knight move?
How does the lake feel right now? Is it cold?
How does the lipstick look on Rima?
How does the matter stand?
How does the moon shine at night?
How does the new colleague work?
How does the painter get that effect?
How does the paper feel?
How does the preface run?
How does the song go?
How does the soup taste?
How does the story end?
How does the train service compare with other forms of public transport in the area?
How does the wisdom of a book compare with the wisdom of an angel?
How does this affect Algeria?
How does this affect me?
How does this affect you?
How does this affect your business?
How does this all work?
How does this always happen?
How does this apply?
How does this bear on my future?
How does this camera work?
How does this concern me?
How does this concern you?
How does this device work?
How does this disease spread?
How does this door open?
How does this drama end?
How does this happen?
How does this help Tom?
How does this help any of the victims?
How does this help anyone?
How does this help her?
How does this help him?
How does this help me?
How does this help them?
How does this help us?
How does this help you?
How does this help?
How does this look?
How does this machine work?
How does this pertain to me?
How does this relate to Islam?
How does this relate to our theme?
How does this remote work?
How does this sound to you?
How does this sound?
How does this soup taste?
How does this story end?
How does this thing work?
How does this tie into everything else?
How does this washing machine work?
How does this work exactly?
How does this work?
How does tomorrow around 9:00 PM sound?
How does tomorrow evening sound to you, say at nine?
How does water taste?
How does water turn into ice?
How does your husband put up with you?
How does your mental health condition prevent you from reaching your goals?
How does your murdered animal taste?
How does your opinion differ from his?
How does your wife feel about it?
How does your wife look like?
How does your wife put up with you?
How drunk are you?
How drunk was Tom?
How drunk were you last night?
How drunk were you?
How dumb would that be?
How early did you get here?
How early did you get there?
How early do I have to be there?
How early do I have to make a reservation to qualify for the discount?
How early do you get up in the morning?
How early do you get up?
How early do you go to bed?
How early it too early?
How easily one acquires bad habits!
How easily one acquires bad habits.
How easily one picks up bad habits!
How easy is access to health in Algeria?
How easy is it to buy a gun in Australia?
How easy is it to do business in Algeria?
How easy is it to find a part-time job?
How easy is it to learn English?
How easy is it to learn French?
How easy is it to open a business in Algeria?
How easy is it to set up a business in Algeria?
How easy is that?
How easy is this?
How easy it seems.
How easy will it be to buy the stuff we need?
How easy would it be to bore a tunnel through it?
How easy would it be to do that?
How effective are soundproof windows?
How effective is hypnosis in getting rid of intrusive ideas?
How effective is hypnosis in getting rid of intrusive ideation?
How effective is hypnosis in getting rid of obsessions?
How effective is it?
How effective is this medicine?
How effective is this method?
How efficiently is this building being used?
How elegant!
How else can I help you?
How else can he act?
How else can we do this?
How else can we feed our families?
How else can you account for it?
How else can you put it?
How else could it be?
How else do you deal with something like that?
How embarrassing for us all.
How embarrassing!
How energy efficient is that?
How enthusiastic are you to get to work in the morning?
How environmentally friendly are electric cars?
How equal is Algeria?
How ever did he succeed in making it?
How ever did you find it?
How ever you like.
How evil of you.
How exactly am I supposed to do that?
How exactly am I supposed to help?
How exactly are Tom and I supposed to do that?
How exactly are Tom and I supposed to help?
How exactly can I help you?
How exactly did Tom and Mary do that?
How exactly did Tom die?
How exactly did Tom do that?
How exactly did Tom get hurt?
How exactly did Tom get injured?
How exactly did Tom get to Boston?
How exactly did Tom help Mary?
How exactly did Tom help you?
How exactly did Tom win?
How exactly did Vietnam go from one the poorest countries on the planet to an economic star?
How exactly did Vietnam go from one the poorest countries on the planet to an export star?
How exactly did it happen?
How exactly did that happen?
How exactly did they do that?
How exactly did this all take place?
How exactly did this happen?
How exactly did you do it?
How exactly did you do that?
How exactly did you get here?
How exactly did you learn Berber?
How exactly do bees make honey?
How exactly do they hollow out and then dry the gourd?
How exactly do you do that?
How exactly do you expect me to do that?
How exactly do you know Tom?
How exactly do you know her?
How exactly do you know him?
How exactly do you know them?
How exactly does this work?
How exactly may I help you?
How exactly should sources be documented?
How exactly was Tom killed?
How exactly will this help us?
How exactly would that work?
How exactly would we do that?
How excited are you about this opportunity?
How exciting to touch a wild gazelle!
How exciting!
How exhausting!
How expensive a piano is!
How expensive is it to travel to Japan?
How expensive is it?
How expensive is the repair?
How expensive is too expensive?
How expensive would it be to do that?
How expensive!
How extraordinary!
How familiar are you with my case?
How far above sea level are we?
How far advanced is your pregnancy?
How far ahead are the others?
How far along am I?
How far along are you?
How far along is she pregnant?
How far apart are the contractions?
How far are we behind?
How far are we from Boston?
How far are we from Red Square?
How far are we from camp?
How far are we from downtown?
How far are we from home?
How far are we from it?
How far are we from the Canadian border?
How far are we from the airport?
How far are we from the border?
How far are we from the nearest town?
How far are we from the school?
How far are we from the sea?
How far are we from the sun?
How far are we from your house?
How far are we going to keep going this direction before we admit we're lost?
How far are we going today?
How far are we going?
How far are we now?
How far are you from here?
How far are you from the nearest town?
How far are you from us?
How far are you from your house?
How far are you going for a drive?
How far are you going today?
How far are you going?
How far are you prepared to go?
How far are you willing to take this?
How far away are we from Boston?
How far away are we?
How far away are you from us?
How far away are you parked?
How far away did you park?
How far away do you live?
How far away do you think that ship is?
How far away from here is Guangzhou?
How far away is Aleppo?
How far away is Alexandria?
How far away is Baghdad?
How far away is Beijing?
How far away is Boston?
How far away is Cairo?
How far away is Chongqing?
How far away is Damascus?
How far away is Delhi?
How far away is Dhaka?
How far away is Guangzhou?
How far away is Istanbul?
How far away is Jakarta?
How far away is Japan?
How far away is Jerusalem?
How far away is Kyiv?
How far away is Kyoto?
How far away is Lagos?
How far away is London?
How far away is Los Angeles in kilometers?
How far away is Los Angeles in miles?
How far away is Los Angeles?
How far away is Manila?
How far away is Mexico City in kilometers?
How far away is Mexico City in miles?
How far away is Mexico City?
How far away is Minsk?
How far away is Moscow?
How far away is Mumbai?
How far away is New York in kilometers?
How far away is New York in miles?
How far away is New York?
How far away is Osaka?
How far away is Seoul?
How far away is Sevastopol?
How far away is Shanghai?
How far away is São Paulo?
How far away is Tokyo?
How far away is Tom's house?
How far away is Tom?
How far away is that island?
How far away is that ship?
How far away is the Eiffel Tower?
How far away is the airport?
How far away is the border?
How far away is the camp?
How far away is the library?
How far away is the moon?
How far away is the ocean?
How far away is the sea?
How far away is the sun?
How far away is the train stopping?
How far away is this galaxy?
How far away is this star?
How far away is your farm?
How far away is your school?
How far back can you remember?
How far back can you trace your family tree?
How far back does that queue go?
How far back were you searching?
How far behind are we?
How far behind schedule are we?
How far can Israel go in violating international law?
How far can Sauron's eye see?
How far can Tom be trusted?
How far can he run?
How far can the crow fly?
How far can this plane fly?
How far can we carry this?
How far can we go?
How far can you drive after your low fuel light comes on?
How far can you drive on a full tank of petrol?
How far can you drive your car on empty?
How far can you go on one tank of gas?
How far can you go?
How far can you kick that ball?
How far can you kick this ball?
How far can you spit?
How far can you stick your finger up your nose?
How far can you swim underwater on one breath?
How far can you swim underwater?
How far can you swim?
How far can you take us?
How far can you throw this javelin?
How far can you travel in three days with no money?
How far did Tom get?
How far did Tom go?
How far did Tom walk?
How far did it go?
How far did the Roman Empire stretch at its peak?
How far did we walk yesterday?
How far did you follow Tom?
How far did you go?
How far did you guys go?
How far did you really go?
How far did you run?
How far did you walk?
How far do I have to go?
How far do sea turtles swim everyday?
How far do we have to go?
How far do you live from here?
How far do you think Australia will go in the World Cup?
How far do you usually run?
How far do you want to go?
How far does this go?
How far does your influence reach?
How far from Boston are we?
How far from Kyiv are you?
How far from shore are we?
How far gone are you?
How far has the virus spread?
How far have we drifted?
How far have we driven?
How far have we hiked?
How far have we swum?
How far have we walked?
How far have you got on that job?
How far have you got?
How far have you walked this week?
How far have you walked today?
How far is Algeria from Japan?
How far is Ankara?
How far is Australia from New Zealand?
How far is Boston from Chicago?
How far is Boston from here?
How far is Boston?
How far is Hakata from here?
How far is Liverpool from Southampton?
How far is Mars from Earth?
How far is New York from London?
How far is New York from here?
How far is Tom from the finish line?
How far is an Irishman from a drunkard? The breadth of the table.
How far is it from Australia to New Zealand?
How far is it from Boston to Chicago?
How far is it from New York to London?
How far is it from Osaka to Kyoto?
How far is it from here to Boston?
How far is it from here to Hakata?
How far is it from here to Tokyo?
How far is it from here to Ueno?
How far is it from here to that station?
How far is it from here to the airport?
How far is it from here to the city?
How far is it from here to the closest police station?
How far is it from here to the coast?
How far is it from here to the hotel?
How far is it from here to the library?
How far is it from here to the museum?
How far is it from here to the nearest police station?
How far is it from here to the next village?
How far is it from here to the park?
How far is it from here to the sea?
How far is it from here to the station?
How far is it from here to there?
How far is it from here to where you work?
How far is it from here to your home?
How far is it from here to your house?
How far is it from here to your school?
How far is it from here?
How far is it from the airport to the hotel?
How far is it from the nearest town?
How far is it from the theater to the supermarket?
How far is it from your home to here?
How far is it from your home to the museum?
How far is it from your house to here?
How far is it from your house to the nearest supermarket?
How far is it from your house to the park?
How far is it from your house to the zoo?
How far is it from your house to town?
How far is it into town from here?
How far is it to Boston?
How far is it to Brno?
How far is it to Kota Kinabalu?
How far is it to New York?
How far is it to Tokyo from Spain?
How far is it to Tom's house?
How far is it to our destination?
How far is it to the airport?
How far is it to the beach from here?
How far is it to the beach?
How far is it to the closest supermarket?
How far is it to the coffee shop?
How far is it to the green?
How far is it to the library from here?
How far is it to the metro?
How far is it to the museum?
How far is it to the nearest hospital?
How far is it to the next petrol station?
How far is it to the next town?
How far is it to the post office from here?
How far is it to the post office?
How far is it to the sea?
How far is it to the station from here?
How far is it to the station?
How far is it to the town centre?
How far is it to the train station?
How far is it to the tube?
How far is it to the underground?
How far is it to the zoo from here?
How far is it to the zoo?
How far is it to this university?
How far is it to town?
How far is it to your house?
How far is it?
How far is our hotel?
How far is the airport from here?
How far is the airport?
How far is the beach?
How far is the bus stop from here?
How far is the bus stop to your school?
How far is the camp?
How far is the capital city?
How far is the funeral parlor from the cemetery?
How far is the garden from your house?
How far is the hotel?
How far is the library from here?
How far is the nearest beach from here?
How far is the nearest beach?
How far is the nearest gas station?
How far is the nearest hospital?
How far is the nearest petrol station?
How far is the nearest supermarket?
How far is the nearest town?
How far is the next farm?
How far is the next gas station?
How far is the next station?
How far is the next town?
How far is the petrol station?
How far is the police station?
How far is the post office from here?
How far is the post office?
How far is the station from here?
How far is the station?
How far is the village?
How far is the zoo from here?
How far is the zoo?
How far is too far?
How far is your apartment from here?
How far is your campsite from here?
How far is your house from here?
How far is your house from your school?
How far is your school from here?
How far is your school from your house?
How far must we walk before we admit we are lost?
How far of a drive is it?
How far of a walk is it?
How far off can that be?
How far off course are we?
How far off is that ship?
How far off the main road do you live?
How far off were Tom's calculations?
How far should we run away?
How far to the sea?
How far was it?
How far were you followed?
How far will it go?
How far will she go?
How far will we be going today?
How far will we go?
How far will we have to go?
How far would Tom go?
How far's the airport from here?
How far's the top of the mountain?
How far, roughly?
How far?
How far?!
How farest thou?
How fascinating!
How fast Bill runs!
How fast Greyhound buses run!
How fast Miss Kanda runs!
How fast Taro can run!
How fast Tom speaks!
How fast Tom works!
How fast are you?
How fast can Tom run?
How fast can a giraffe run?
How fast can a rowing boat go?
How fast can a year go by!
How fast can he run?
How fast can you car go?
How fast can you do it?
How fast can you do that?
How fast can you dribble a basketball?
How fast can you drive on this road?
How fast can you fix this?
How fast can you legally drive on this road?
How fast can you read?
How fast can you ride a bicycle?
How fast can you ride a bike?
How fast can you run?
How fast can you walk over here?
How fast can you walk?
How fast can your car go?
How fast can your grandmother solve a Rubiks?
How fast did Tom run?
How fast did he run?
How fast do giraffes run?
How fast do you read?
How fast do you usually drive on this kind of road?
How fast do you usually drive?
How fast does Earth rotate?
How fast does he run?
How fast does that bird fly?
How fast does this car go?
How fast does this thing go?
How fast does this train run?
How fast he can run!
How fast he runs!
How fast he speaks English!
How fast he swims!
How fast is Algeria developing?
How fast is that train going?
How fast is the aeroplane?
How fast is too fast?
How fast is your Internet access?
How fast is your broadband access?
How fast is your computer?
How fast is your internet access?
How fast is your internet connection?
How fast she is running!
How fast she swims!
How fast that dog runs!
How fast that horse runs!
How fast the new Shinkansen goes!
How fast the plane is!
How fast the train is running!
How fast the train runs!
How fast they swim!
How fast was Tom driving?
How fast was Tom going?
How fast was the horse running?
How fast were Tom and Mary going?
How fast were you driving?
How fast were you going?
How fast will Algeria grow?
How fast you run!
How fast you walk!
How fast!
How fat is too fat?
How fearless you are!
How fine it is today.
How fleetly in my damage cruel Fortune has changed!
How flexible are you?
How flexible is your schedule?
How fluent do you have to be in each language to be considered a true polyglot?
How fluently he speaks English!
How fluently that foreigner speaks Japanese!
How foolish I am to believe him!
How foolish I am!
How foolish I was not to discover that simple lie!
How foolish of you!
How foolish!
How formal is this ceremony?
How formally should your guests dress?
How fortuitous that you were there on the same night!
How fortuitous!
How fortunate we are.
How free you are depends on how free you feel.
How frequently do you check your email?
How frequently do you check your mail?
How frequently do you fart?
How fresh are the cantaloupes?
How fresh are these eggs?
How frightening!
How frustrated must a person be to commit suicide?
How funny you are!
How funny!
How gaily the kids skip and play, whilst I sink into listless repose!
How gallant are you!
How generous is that?
How generous you are to give me so much money.
How glad I am to see you again!
How glad I am to see you again.
How glad I am to see you!
How glad I am!
How glad I'll be to get back home.
How goes it, Jacques?
How goes it?
How good a baseball player were you?
How good a chess player are you?
How good a chess player is Tom?
How good a dancer are you?
How good a dancer is Tom?
How good a drummer are you?
How good a drummer is Tom?
How good a singer is Tom?
How good a skater are you?
How good a skater is Tom?
How good a skier are you?
How good a skier is Tom?
How good a swimmer are you?
How good a swimmer is Tom?
How good a tennis player are you?
How good and how pleasant it is that brothers sit together!
How good are these trucks powered by Eaton diesel engines and electric motors in tandem?
How good are they?
How good are those jobs?
How good are you at sight reading?
How good are you guys?
How good are you?
How good is Tom as a songwriter?
How good is Tom?
How good is good?
How good is he?
How good is she?
How good is your memory?
How good is your office door lock?
How good is your retirement plan?
How good of you to come all the way to see me off!
How good of you to see me.
How good was Tom today?
How good you are at English has nothing to do with your value as a person.
How great Getter Jaani is!
How great is that?
How great is the risk?
How great it'd be if happiness was our only experience.
How great that you could come.
How great would that be?
How great!
How green are the hills that are far from us.
How green are you?
How gullible do you think I am?
How gullible do you think Tom is?
How gullible does Tom think we are?
How gullible is the voting public?
How handsome you are!
How handsome!
How happy I am today!
How happy I am!
How happy are you on a scale of one to ten?
How happy are you?
How happy is happy enough?
How happy was Abrams?
How happy you look!
How happy you must be to have a new baby girl!
How hard are they to get rid of?
How hard can it be to bend the rules of physics?
How hard can it be to do that?
How hard can it be?
How hard can it really be to do that?
How hard can it really be?
How hard can that be?
How hard can this be?
How hard can this possibly be?
How hard could it be to do that?
How hard could it be?
How hard could it possibly be?
How hard could that be?
How hard do you think it would be to do that?
How hard he works!
How hard is it for a Portuguese speaker to learn Spanish?
How hard is it to be poor?
How hard is it to do little things that show you care?
How hard is it to get a fake ID?
How hard is it to get a fake passport?
How hard is it to learn Chinese?
How hard is it to learn French?
How hard is it to learn Tamil?
How hard is it to learn to read music?
How hard is it to play a fretless banjo?
How hard is it?
How hard is learning to fly?
How hard is that for you to understand?
How hard is that to believe?
How hard is that to understand?
How hard they work!
How hard was that?
How hard was the exam?
How hard was the test?
How hard would it be to do that?
How hard would it be to help?
How hard would it be to terraform Mars?
How hard would it be to terraform Venus?
How hard would that be?
How harsh.
How has Algeria fared in the export trade?
How has Australia changed since you were a child?
How has Australia changed since you were a kid?
How has Boston changed since you were a kid?
How has Tom been?
How has Tom changed?
How has Tom hurt you?
How has advertising changed since you were a kid?
How has business changed in the last few weeks?
How has getting married changed you?
How has having such a big family shaped you?
How has he not been charged yet?
How has immigration changed American society?
How has it changed you?
How has it come to this?
How has life changed since you were a kid?
How has marriage actually changed your life?
How has marriage changed your perspective in life?
How has motherhood changed your life?
How has no one come up with this yet?
How has research changed over the last decade?
How has technology impacted your daily life?
How has that changed you?
How has that helped you in this job?
How has the Internet changed your job?
How has the local Tuareg community changed in the last ten years?
How has the strong dollar affected your business?
How has the weak dollar affected your business?
How has the writer organized the report?
How has this come to happen?
How has your day been?
How has your experience been different?
How has your job changed over all the years?
How has your life been different from your father's?
How has your life been different than your father's?
How has your life changed over the last three years?
How has your life changed since you got married?
How has your life changed?
How has your weekend been going so far?
How has your weekend been so far?
How has your work improved since high school?
How have I made a difference?
How have I never heard of this guy?!
How have Tom and Mary been treating you?
How have Tom and Mary been?
How have Tom and Mary changed?
How have the last couple of weeks been treating you?
How have they been treating you?
How have they got so rich?
How have things been lately?
How have things changed?
How have women's lives in Romania changed?
How have you been coping?
How have you been doing lately?
How have you been doing?
How have you been feeling lately?
How have you been feeling recently?
How have you been feeling?
How have you been getting along lately?
How have you been getting on?
How have you been keeping?
How have you been lately on a scale of 1 to 10?
How have you been lately?
How have you been recently?
How have you been sleeping?
How have you been spending your spare time?
How have you been spending your time?
How have you been, Tom?
How have you been?
How have you come?
How have you furnished your apartment?
How have you lived?
How have you made this video?
How have you spent your holiday?
How have you tested your motivation to become an MD? Please explain.
How have your dreams been these past couple of nights?
How have your goals or dreams changed over time?
How have your reading habits changed?
How he eats!
How he escaped still puzzles us.
How he has suffered!
How he loves to laugh!
How heartbreaking...
How heavy are you in kilos?
How heavy are you?
How heavy do you think this suitcase is?
How heavy is The Sun?
How heavy is that box?
How heavy is the tank?
How heavy is this box?
How heavy is too heavy?
How heavy is weekend traffic here?
How heavy is your suitcase?
How heavy you are!
How helpful would that have been?
How high above sea level are we?
How high above sea level are you right now?
How high are property taxes here?
How high can birds fly?
How high can you climb that tree?
How high can you jump?
How high can you kick that ball?
How high can you kick this ball?
How high did you climb that tree?
How high does a sycamore grow?
How high is Guadalupe Peak?
How high is Mont Blanc?
How high is Mount Everest?
How high is Mt. Fuji?
How high is it?
How high is that building?
How high is that mountain?
How high is that tower?
How high is the Taksebt Dam in Algeria?
How high is the Tokyo Metropolitan Government Office Building?
How high is the fine?
How high is the mountain?
How high is the probability that two out of twenty people have the same birthday? It can be assumed that a year has 365 days.
How high is this cruise ship?
How high is this mountain?
How high mountain that is!
How high should a home fence be?
How high was Tom's temperature?
How high was it off the ground?
How honest should I be in a job interview?
How horrible!
How horrible! They stoned the man to death.
How horrible, fantastic, incredible it is that we should be digging trenches and trying on gas-masks here because of a quarrel in a far away country between people of whom we know nothing.
How hot did it get yesterday?
How hot does it get here in the summer?
How hot does it get in Boston in the summer?
How hot does it get in Boston?
How hot does popcorn have to be for it to pop?
How hot does popcorn need to be for it to pop?
How hot is it going to be tomorrow?
How hot is it going to get?
How hot is it outside?
How hot is it where you are?
How hot is it where you live?
How hot is it?
How hot is that?
How hot is the data centre?
How hot is the water?
How hot is too hot to go outside?
How hot is too hot?
How hot it is today!
How hot it is!
How hot will it get?
How how is that a problem?
How huge a deficit can the nation stand?
How huge that airship is!
How humiliating!
How hungry are you now?
How hungry are you, Tom?
How hungry are you?
How immediate is the danger?
How impatient are you?
How impertinent!
How important are Tom and Mary?
How important are children to you?
How important are they?
How important are truck drivers?
How important are truckers?
How important can it be?
How important do you think it is for me to attend that meeting?
How important is Algeria to France?
How important is Tom?
How important is family to you? It is of course not all that clear what that means. Mainly because 'family' can mean a lot of things. For instance, many people call those who are important to them 'family'. That renders the question redundant, obviously.
How important is it for you to be on time?
How important is it for you to make a lot of money?
How important is it that children grow up with this language?
How important is it to you that we get this done today?
How important is it?
How important is marriage to you?
How important is music in your life?
How important is remittance to Algeria?
How important is that to you?
How important is the Berber language to you?
How important is this to you?
How important is this?
How important is your family to you?
How important?
How impressed were you by Tom?
How in the world could I ever hate Tom?
How in the world could Karl still be in the library?
How in the world could Yanni still be in the store?
How in the world could this have happened?
How in the world did Donald end up at Harvard?
How in the world did I get to this point?
How in the world did I miss that?
How in the world did this happen?
How in the world did you do it?
How in the world did you do such a thing?
How in the world did you do that?
How in the world did you find me?
How in the world did you know Tom was going to do that?
How in the world did you know that Tom was going to do that?
How in the world did you know that that was going to happen?
How in the world did you know that was going to happen?
How in the world did you know that?
How in the world did you manage to climb onto the roof?
How in the world do you expect me to pay this?
How inconsiderate of you!
How inconsiderate!
How ingenious!
How insensitive!
How intelligent!
How interesting is that!
How interesting!
How intolerable people are sometimes who are happy and successful in everything.
How intuitive!
How involved are you in the editorial process?
How involved are you in your child's education?
How involved are you in your children's education?
How irrelevant is that?
How irresponsible!
How is Algeria addressing its economic crisis?
How is Algeria combating desertification?
How is Algeria combating drought?
How is Algeria containing inflation?
How is Algeria doing so well economically?
How is Algeria evolving in the world competitiveness ranking?
How is Algeria exposed to China's problems?
How is Algeria fighting its way out of poverty?
How is Algeria fighting its way out of underdevelopment?
How is Algeria going to react?
How is Algeria managing its development?
How is Algeria managing its economic recovery?
How is Algeria planning to iron that out?
How is Algeria planning to solve this?
How is Algeria projected to be a developed economy?
How is Algeria projected to be a top economy in Africa?
How is Algeria projected to be a top economy?
How is Algeria responding to this threat?
How is Algeria running out of money?
How is Algeria taking a unique development path?
How is Algeria's agriculture performing?
How is Algeria's economy doing?
How is Algeria's economy progressing?
How is Algeria's economy?
How is Algeria's human development index?
How is Algeria?
How is Asia?
How is COVID-19 impacting Algeria's economy?
How is Cristian doing?
How is Donald going to do this all alone?
How is Earth Day celebrated?
How is Earth impacted by Jupiter?
How is Emily?
How is Esperanto easy to understand?
How is Fadil going to deal with such a situation?
How is French easy to understand?
How is Germany?
How is Jesus depicted in Islam?
How is Jesus depicted in the Quran?
How is Lanzarote?
How is Mark going to handle everything?
How is Mark perceived at work?
How is Mark supposed to believe in love after all that?
How is Mary's arm?
How is Mary's boss?
How is Mary's friend?
How is Mary?
How is Mennad?
How is Morocco tackling its Covid-19 outbreak?
How is Null expressed as a regular expression?
How is Portuguese different from Galician?
How is Rob?
How is Sami doing over there?
How is Tanabata celebrated in Japan?
How is Tom Jr.?
How is Tom a problem?
How is Tom able to do that?
How is Tom able to help?
How is Tom anyhow?
How is Tom at basketball?
How is Tom better than me?
How is Tom coming to Australia?
How is Tom coming to Boston?
How is Tom different?
How is Tom doing now?
How is Tom doing that?
How is Tom doing?
How is Tom feeling today?
How is Tom feeling?
How is Tom going to Australia?
How is Tom going to Boston?
How is Tom going to be able to do that before Monday?
How is Tom going to do that?
How is Tom going to find out?
How is Tom going to help you?
How is Tom going to pay child support?
How is Tom involved?
How is Tom my problem then?
How is Tom my problem?
How is Tom now?
How is Tom related to you?
How is Tom so smart?
How is Tom supposed to do that?
How is Tom supposed to have learnt French?
How is Tom these days?
How is Tom today?
How is Tom traveling?
How is Tom's French?
How is Tom's condition?
How is Tom's health?
How is Tom's last name pronounced?
How is Tom's plan any better than mine?
How is Tom's plan different from Mary's plan?
How is Tom?
How is Yanni going to continue to make a living?
How is Yanni going to go home?
How is Yanni going to punish Skura?
How is Yanni going to reach his house safely?
How is Yanni supposed to do that?
How is Ziri going to find Rima?
How is Ziri supposed to do that?
How is Ziri supposed to know all this?
How is Ziri supposed to work with this?
How is Ziri taking it?
How is a new pope elected?
How is an alligator different from a crocodile?
How is an error possible in mathematics?
How is anyone ever going to find us here?
How is anyone supposed to go through all of this?
How is bread made?
How is cheerleading practice?
How is chickenpox treated during pregnancy?
How is cottage cheese made?
How is cynicism different from Nazism?
How is eating a dog any different from eating a cow?
How is everybody at home?
How is everybody doing?
How is everybody?
How is everyone doing today?
How is everyone?
How is everything going?
How is everything now?
How is everything?
How is he feeling today?
How is he getting along with his school work?
How is he going to save the dog now?
How is he painting?
How is he so good with girls?
How is he today?
How is he traveling?
How is he?
How is her house?
How is her husband?
How is her surname pronounced?
How is her surname spelt?
How is her surname written?
How is hide-and-seek played?
How is hijab affecting your life?
How is his state of health?
How is his surname pronounced?
How is his wife?
How is it at school?
How is it correct?
How is it different?
How is it done correctly?
How is it done?
How is it going between you and Tom?
How is it going in the fish market?
How is it going over there?
How is it going so far?
How is it going there?
How is it going to end in Algeria?
How is it going today?
How is it going with Tom?
How is it going with her?
How is it going with him?
How is it going with them?
How is it going with you and Tom?
How is it going with your family?
How is it going with your sister, Zeynep?
How is it going with your studies?
How is it going, Ziri?
How is it going?
How is it hotter outside than it is inside? It feels like a furnace in here!
How is it in a private school?
How is it in the market?
How is it made?
How is it my problem?
How is it possible not to mock the Muslim belief.
How is it possible that a being with such sensitive jewels as the eyes, such enchanted musical instruments as the ears, and such fabulous arabesque of nerves as the brain can experience itself anything less than a god?
How is it possible that no one saw Tom escaping from the prison cell?
How is it possible that the earth can be seen just above the horizon photographed from the Apollo 11 landing site? It should be high above, almost directly overhead.
How is it possible that you don't have time?
How is it possible that you don't like olives?
How is it possible that you've changed so dramatically?
How is it possible to become a fairy?
How is it possible to believe without seeing? Perhaps the real is not what one sees.
How is it possible to catch the urchin? He is little, and will flee from us. At the same time, who can flee from him? He has wings, and will pursue us.
How is it possible to reconcile work and private life?
How is it possible you don't know that?
How is it possible you don't know?
How is it possible?
How is it pronounced?
How is it put together?
How is it she does not come?
How is it so far?
How is it spelled?
How is it spelt?
How is it that I was supposed to know?
How is it that Tom finds language learning so easy?
How is it that Tom passed the JLPT N2 exam in one and a half years, when I've been learning for two years and can't even pass the N4 exam yet?
How is it that dishes pile up so quickly?
How is it that fish survive in water?
How is it that he isn't here today?
How is it that he solved the problem?
How is it that it's always at the bottom of the bag?
How is it that one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?
How is it that otherwise reasonable people come to believe that this same roof, that practically vanishing commodity, is freely obtainable just by packing up and going to another country?
How is it that they have not gathered any money?
How is it that we can see things so clearly?
How is it that you are always late for school?
How is it that you can speak this language?
How is it that you drive on parkways, but park on driveways?
How is it that you know so much about Japanese history?
How is it that you know that?
How is it that you're always so full of energy?
How is it that you’re always so full of energy?
How is it with you?
How is it working out so far for you?
How is it written: as one word, separately or with a hyphen?
How is it written?
How is it you speak with such a stutter?
How is it you use the numbers of Arabic?
How is it your problem?
How is it?
How is it? Is it alright?
How is it? Is it enough?
How is life in Gaza?
How is life in the United Kingdom?
How is life treating you?
How is life?
How is livelihood in America these day?
How is married life?
How is my doctor called?
How is national politics structured?
How is net worth distributed among individuals in Algeria?
How is one able to sleep inside an airplane?
How is our little problem?
How is our neighbour doing?
How is public transportation in Japan?
How is quitting smoking going?
How is school going?
How is school?
How is she feeling today?
How is she supposed to do that?
How is she today?
How is she?
How is student life in Thessaloniki?
How is taking your child to a drag show any different from taking them to a wrestling match?
How is that a problem?
How is that a serious problem?
How is that allowed?
How is that any better?
How is that any different?
How is that business progressing?
How is that different from what I just said?
How is that different from what I've just said?
How is that different than what I just said?
How is that different?
How is that done?
How is that even possible?
How is that ever going to happen?
How is that funny?
How is that going to happen?
How is that going to work?
How is that going?
How is that good for us?
How is that helpful?
How is that important?
How is that my fault?
How is that my problem?
How is that not a better choice?
How is that not our problem?
How is that our problem?
How is that possible?
How is that pronounced?
How is that question germane to what we're discussing?
How is that question germane to what we’re discussing?
How is that relevant here?
How is that relevant?
How is that significant?
How is that spelled?
How is that spelt?
How is that to be understood?
How is that working out for you?
How is that working out?
How is that your fault?
How is that your problem?
How is the @ sign pronounced in your language?
How is the Algerian crisis going to end?
How is the Algerian government managing the country?
How is the Algerian health sector dealing with the coronavirus?
How is the Islamic state established?
How is the bill paid?
How is the building?
How is the climate in your country?
How is the construction going?
How is the coronavirus nightmare going to end?
How is the day going?
How is the discovery related to the progress of science?
How is the economy?
How is the error observed?
How is the exam?
How is the family doing?
How is the family?
How is the first day going?
How is the fishing going this season?
How is the food?
How is the heat wave affecting you?
How is the investigation going?
How is the mother-to-be?
How is the new system better?
How is the party going?
How is the patient this morning?
How is the plural of nouns formed?
How is the radius calculated, when the circumference is known?
How is the restaurant?
How is the salad?
How is the situation different now?
How is the soup's flavour?
How is the soup's taste?
How is the soup?
How is the state of the thing?
How is the surname pronounced?
How is the tea?
How is the weather here in winter?
How is the weather in Boston?
How is the weather in Germany?
