Apparently, they're trying to patch up their marriage.
Apparently, they’re trying to patch up their marriage.
Apparently, this is what we have to do.
Apparently, this is what we need to do.
Apparently, this is what we need.
Apparently, this is what we should do.
Apparently, this isn't the first time he's cheated on his wife.
Apparently, this still doesn't work perfectly, but the system may still be of interest.
Apparently, this was the only cake left in the shop.
Apparently, we don't need to do this anymore.
Apparently, we have to do that today.
Apparently, we won't be allowed to do that today.
Apparently, we'll be getting a raise within two months.
Apparently, we're in the same boat.
Apparently, we’ll be getting a raise within two months.
Apparently, what Tom saw wasn't pretty.
Apparently, you can hear a girl's sobs coming from the closed-off washroom in that school building at midnight.
Apparently, you didn't do what you were supposed to do.
Apparently, you have all been emasculated by this abusive teacher.
Apparently, you're not from around here.
Apparently, you're very good at it.
Apparently, your girlfriend has great taste.
Appealing mostly to families with small children, the park had a nursery rhyme theme.
Appealing to the lowest common denominator is a failproof way to get sales or votes.
Appealing to the lowest common denominator is a sure-fire way to get sales or votes.
Appear before us now.
Appearance is deceptive.
Appearance is greatly varied among Berbers.
Appearance isn't all.
Appearances are against her.
Appearances are deceiving.
Appearances are deceptive.
Appearances can be deceiving.
Appearances can be deceptive.
Appearances can be misleading.
Appearances deceive.
Appearances may be deceptive.
Appearances may be different when using other skins.
Appearances often are deceiving.
Appearances often mislead.
Appearing confident is more important than feeling confident.
Appeasement must always trump confrontation.
Appetite comes with eating, but the thirst goes away with drinking.
Appetite comes with eating, the thirst goes away with drinking.
Appetite comes with eating.
Appetite is one of humankind's three primal needs, alongside sleep and sexual desire.
Appetite is the desire to eat.
Appetizers are small dishes served before a meal.
Applaud, friends, the comedy has ended.
Applause broke out.
Applause is the bread of the artist.
Applause!
Apple charges $79 to replace the battery if the phone is no longer covered by a warranty.
Apple cider is delicious!
Apple has admitted that it slows down older iPhones.
Apple hasn't put a price on the new iPhone yet.
Apple is an American company.
Apple is one of America's biggest companies.
Apple is one of America's largest companies.
Apple is still very secretive with regard to the release date and the price.
Apple juice is a healthy drink.
Apple made history Thursday when it became the first publicly listed U.S. company to be valued at $1 trillion.
Apple pie is an iconic dish.
Apple sauce is a refreshing snack especially during the summertime.
Apple seeds are poisonous, but are only dangerous to health when consumed in large quantities.
Apple sold 37 million iPhones during the fourth quarter, including the firm's latest smart phone model, the iPhone 4S.
Apple sold 75 million iPhones this quarter.
Apple started taking online pre-orders for the watch on April 10 and reportedly received over 1 million pre-orders for smart watches the first day. The first shipments went out Friday along with the rollout of the watch.
Apple trees are growing in the garden.
Apple trees bloom in spring.
Apple trees blossom in spring.
Apple trees have beautiful blossoms.
Apple trees produce beautiful blooms.
Apple trees surround Tom's house.
Apple tried hard to design beautiful hardware.
Apple unveiled a new iPhone.
Apple will close all its retail stores worldwide, except those in Greater China, for the next two weeks.
Apple's "supplier code of conduct" specifies that all workers in Apple's supply chain "deserve a fair and ethical workplace."
Apple's new iPhone doesn't have a headphone jack.
Apple's share price climbed well over 2 percent in mid-session trading, boosting it about 9 percent higher since Tuesday, when it announced better-than-expected second-quarter earnings and a buyback of $20 billion worth of its own shares.
Apple's success was fueled in large part by its iPhone, which transformed it from a niche player in the burgeoning personal computer sector into a global technological powerhouse.
Apple, the computer giant, announced today that Safari’s latest version will no longer track user browsing.
Apple-tree, apple-tree hide me, So the old witch can't find me; If she does she'll pick my bones, And bury me under the marble stones.
Apples actually have a lot of polyphenols, which are also in black and green tea in high quantities. "An apple a day keeps the doctor away" has truth to it.
Apples and pears are fruit.
Apples and raspberries are Rosaceae.
Apples and raspberries are in the rose family.
Apples are cheap here.
Apples are cheap now.
Apples are cheap today.
Apples are falling from the trees.
Apples are falling off the trees.
Apples are fruit.
Apples are full of sweet juice.
Apples are good for you.
Apples are good for your health, and, in addition, they taste great.
Apples are green, yellow, or red.
Apples are grown in this region.
Apples are my favorite fruit.
Apples are my favourite fruit.
Apples are necessary.
Apples are produced in this district.
Apples are red or green.
Apples are red.
Apples are rich in vitamins.
Apples are round.
Apples are scarce this year.
Apples are sold by the dozen.
Apples are sweeter when cold.
Apples are the best fruit.
Apples are tinged with this colour, hanging in a sunlit tree, or ivory painted with red, or the moon, eclipsed, blushing in her brightness.
Apples are usually green, yellow, or red.
Apples can be red or green.
Apples don't grow on birch trees.
Apples grow on trees.
Apples have sold-out!
Apples were on sale today, so I bought a lot of them.
Apples were on sale today.
Apples were served as the dessert.
Applicant must be a citizen of Bangladesh.
Applicants are requested to apply in person.
Applicants must be under thirty years old.
Applicants should be familiar with common office-computer applications.
Applicants were requested to submit their resumes.
Application developers decided to use a functional programming language.
Application of force to an object changes its velocity: its speed, its direction, or both.
Application to his studies brought him excellent results in the final examination.
Applications are accepted until tomorrow.
Applications are already being accepted.
Applications are being accepted now.
Applications are due October 20th.
Applications are due by Monday.
Applications are now being accepted.
Applications downloaded from Apple’s iTunes or Google’s Play Store are generally fairly secure, but downloading from other services can be an iffy proposition.
Applications in advance are not required.
Applied linguistics is a contributing science in the development of artificial intelligence systems.
Apply a bandage.
Apply a cold compress to the affected area.
Apply a compress to the affected part every two hours.
Apply a soft touch.
Apply direct pressure to the wound.
Apply for a scholarship.
Apply in writing.
Apply now!
Apply pressure to the center of the sternum.
Apply some ice to the injured area to reduce swelling.
Apply some leverage!
Apply sunscreen before you go outdoors.
Apply the band-aid properly.
Apply the stain remover to the back of the cloth, so that the stain is washed from the material without having to pass through it.
Apply this cream to your face.
Apply this ointment once a day.
Apply to the office for further details.
Apply two coats of the paint for a good finish.
Apply within.
Apply yourself to your own work.
Apply yourself, Tom.
Applying a band-aid on a cut isn't that complicated.
Applying for a job in computer tech support without ever having operated a computer might very well be an example of chutzpah.
Applying in advance is not necessary.
Applying too much suntan lotion caused him to lose his wedding ring while snorkelling on honeymoon.
Appoint thy wages which I shall give thee.
Appointed commissioners who nobody votes for and who cannot be voted out frame all the laws, and these are then merely rubber-stamped by the European parliament. It's actually scary what this could potentially mean. It's a despot's dream set-up. Very short-sighted to vote to remain.
Appointing Cuddles the Bear to the position of Secretary of Defense was one of the defining mistakes of Dolly's brief career as president of the People's Democratic Republic of Tea Time.
Appointing Cuddles the Bear to the position of Secretary of Defense was one of the defining mistakes of Dolly’s brief career as president of the People’s Democratic Republic of Tea Time.
Appointments are available now.
Appointments? You say that every time, and it turns out later you were on the golf course. Can't you please just be there for once when I need you?
Appreciate everyone's contributions.
Appreciate existence.
Appreciate the importance of propaganda in politics.
Appreciate the little things in life - they will bring you to a bigger end target.
Appreciate what you have now.
Appreciate what you have.
Appreciate your family.
Appreciating diversity opens our minds to new possibilities.
Appreciating science leads to appreciating the universe, nature.
Appreciation of nature found no place among his many gifts, and his only change was when he turned his mind from the evil-doer of the town to track down his brother of the country.
Apprehension lessens as the day goes on.
Apprenticeship is a system where you eat, sleep and live with your master and are taught various martial arts know-how and secrets.
Approach Tom with your request.
Approach him!
Approach one by one.
Approach so that I may see you!
Approach the problem from a different angle.
Approach! The time has come... one of us must die.
Approaching that building in the dark was creepy.
Approaching the speed bump, he braked.
Appropriate action is needed now.
Appropriate actions must be taken.
Approved calculators are allowed.
Approximately 30 minutes after launch, Webb unfolded its solar array, and mission managers confirmed that the solar array was providing power to the observatory.
Approximately 30 people were arrested.
Approximately 300 houses were built here last year.
Approximately 4.9 percent of Finns are Finland-Swedes. In other words, people with Swedish as their mother tongue.
Approximately 40 percent of freelancers expect more turnover next year.
Approximately 70000 innocent Japanese people were instantly incinerated by the US nuclear bomb dropped on Hiroshima.
Approximately 80% of landmine casualties are civilian.
Approximately how large is the community?
Approximately how many French words do you know?
Approximately how many hours does it take by car?
Approximately how many kanji do you know?
Approximately how many kanji do you remember?
Approximately one hundred people died in the accident.
Approximately one thousand tons of flour are exported every year.
Approximately one-half of 1% of the planet’s water is drinkable, and we use that water for much more than drinking—showering, brushing our teeth, watering our grass, etc.
Approximately one-tenth of one percent of the budget goes to the Corporation for Public Broadcasting.
Approximately seven billion people inhabit our planet.
Approximately seven out of every ten stars in the Milky Way are so-called red dwarves.
Approximately thirty people were arrested.
Approximately thirty young people attended.
Approximately two weeks.
Approximately what number of kanji do you know?
Approximately.
Apr. is an abbreviation for April.
Apricots are my favorite fruit.
Apricots are the local product of Malatya.
Apricots come from apricot trees.
Apricots don't originate from Algeria.
April 12th is Yuri's Night.
April 12th is the International Day of Human Space Flight.
April 1st is April Fools' Day.
April 1st, 2013 is a Monday.
April 20 is not a day for dancing, but a symbolic day in the fight for the rights of the Kabyle language and freedom, a day to commemorate those who have fallen for Kabylia.
April 20 is not a day of festivity, it's a day of commemoration.
April 20, 2024 at 6:57 p.m. was the day of the rebirth of the State of Kabylie.
April 22 is the 50th anniversary of Earth Day, when the very question of whether the planet can survive emerged for the first time from the minds of so-called eccentrics and flower children of the 1960s into national consciousness.
April 22 is the 50th anniversary of Earth Day.
April 25th is World Malaria Day.
April 2nd is World Autism Awareness Day.
April 5 was Boris and his wife's fourth anniversary.
April Fool's!
April came and went.
April fools!
April is in my mistress’ face, and July in her eyes hath place; Within her bosom is September, but in her heart a cold December.
April is one of the best months to visit Japan.
April is the best time to plant most of your vegetable seeds.
April is the cruelest month.
April is the cruellest month.
April is the fourth month of the year.
April is the month I was born in.
April is the month when the flowers bloom.
April is the national minority health month.
April is the time to plant trees.
April showers bring May flowers.
April went crazy.
Apropos of nothing, Tom went on an unhinged xenophobic rant.
Apropros of nothing, the interviewer suddenly asked, "Would you ever consider voting for a Wiccan president?"
Apuleius wrote “The Golden Ass”.
Aqua Tofana was a poison used in Naples and Rome in the 17th century.
Aqua expresses the colour of clear water, it is a bright, and light, blue.
Aquaculture is the breeding, rearing, and harvesting of fish, shellfish, plants, algae and other organisms in all types of water environments.
Aquaponics is a new method of cultivation, destined to feed the population in a sustainable fashion, associated with fish farming and hydroponics, that is to say cultivating plants above ground.
Aquaponics is the idea of producing vegetables and fish in the same closed system.
Arab and Mohammed are known for their laughter!
Arab and Mohammed are laughers!
Arab countries have to criminalize child marriage.
Arab is not a difficult language.
Arab is rather used as a cultural rather than an ethnic or racial identifier.
Arab nationalism aims at building a single unified state built on Arab superiority.
Arab nationalists want Algeria to be affiliated with Saudi Arabia.
Arabia abounds in oil.
Arabia is really dry.
Arabia is rich in oil.
Arabic anciently supplanted Ancient Egyptian, both languages belonging to the Afro-Asiatic language family.
Arabic and Berber are Algeria's official languages.
Arabic and Berber are both Afroasiatic languages.
Arabic and Berber are everywhere in North Africa.
Arabic and Berber are the main languages used in Algeria.
Arabic art, literature, and architecture flourished, forming the ethnic identity that has continued to exist to the present day. This was what is called the Golden Age of Islam.
Arabic became the language of Islam.
Arabic calligraphy is beautiful.
Arabic grammar is hard to understand.
Arabic has become international.
Arabic is a beautiful language.
Arabic is a nice language.
Arabic is a simple language.
Arabic is a very important language.
Arabic is difficult!
Arabic is my mother tongue.
Arabic is not an easy language to learn.
Arabic is not complicated.
Arabic is not my language, I am Kabyle.
Arabic is not that hard.
Arabic is only difficult for the first twenty years.
Arabic is our language.
Arabic is read from right to left.
Arabic is similar to Hebrew.
Arabic is so beautiful.
Arabic is written and read from right to left.
Arabic is written from right to left.
Arabic isn't a difficult language.
Arabic isn't an easy language to learn.
Arabic isn't complex.
Arabic isn't complicated.
Arabic isn't difficult.
Arabic isn't hard.
Arabic must be read from right to left.
Arabic nationalists and Islamists glorify the Arabic language but do very little to develop it.
Arabic-speaking Christians and Jews call God Allah.
Arabic-speaking Jews and Christians also call God Allah, because it's just the word for God, closely related to the Hebrew and Aramaic words for the same thing.
Arabica coffee, the higher-quality variety that Kenya grows, ends up in specialty coffees in Europe and the United States. It thrives in moderate temperatures and high altitudes. But rising temperatures are scorching plants, making them vulnerable to diseases like coffee leaf rust.
Arabization is fiercely opposed by the Kabyles who want to preserve their language and their culture.
Arabization is fiercely opposed by the Kabyles, who want to preserve their language and their culture.
Arable land is land that can be used to grow crops.
Arabs and Kabyle are not the same.
Arabs aren't a monolithic group from the standpoint of culture and religion.
Arabs can't be indigenous to Arabia, Palestine, and Algeria at the same time.
Arabs harass me.
Arabs is a macro-ethnicity.
Arabs persecute me.
Arabs were already at work behind their wooden ploughs, drawn either by horses, mules, bullocks, or camels. These last looked as if they were inwardly protesting against the indignity, and stalked along with their usual disdainful air.
Arachnids have a two-part body.
Arachnophobia is the fear of spiders.
Aramaic features an Akkadian substrate.
Aramaic is still spoken in Kurdistan.
Arbitrariness is the enemy of freedom.
Arbitrary arrest and detention constitute crimes against humanity, and those who commit such crimes are criminals.
Arbitrary detention is the violation of the right to liberty.
Arborio rice is Italian short-grain rice grown in the Po Valley. It's used to make risotto.
Arbutus unedo is a Mediterranean tree.
Arc lamps used to be popular in all sorts of lighting applications. However, the amount of UV light they produce is dangerous, so they are less common nowadays.
Arcaicam Esperantom is a fictional "archaic" version of Esperanto created by Manuel Halvelik.
Archaeoindris fontoynontii was a gorilla-sized lemur.
Archaeological finds are being made in Peru on an almost daily basis.
Archaeological finds point to the fact that this area was well settled.
Archaeologists are those who hunt for clues about the lifestyles of ancient peoples.
Archaeologists discovered the ruins of an old city with a circumference of twelve square kilometers and a wide range of bronze, jade and gold objects.
Archaeologists excavating a massive burial mound in northern Greece have found two marble sculptures of female figures and a large, colored marble panel in what appears to be the antechamber of the main room.
Archaeologists found a papyrus scroll in the ruins.
Archaeologists found four rulers which were used during the ship's construction. Two were calibrated in Swedish feet while the other two were calibrated in Amsterdam feet.
Archaeologists found the remains of a teenage female buried with what appears to be a complete set of big-game hunting gear: spear points, blades, scrapers and other stone tools.
Archaeologists have discovered the remains of an ancient city twelve square kilometres in size and recovered a large number of bronze, jade and gold artefacts.
Archaeologists have found a lost temple dedicated to the ancient Greek goddess Artemis.
Archaeologists have found an ancient tomb in Egypt.
Archaeologists have unearthed a mysterious black granite sarcophagus in Egypt.
Archaeologists in Egypt have announced the discovery of the tomb of an ancient priestess of Hathor, the goddess of fertility and childbirth.
Archaeology is critical to the study of all history, but especially prehistory.
Archaeology is fun!
Archaeology is fun.
Archaeology studies human culture by examining the ancient objects found buried such as pottery and tools.
Archeologically speaking, there was never any Hebrew conquest of Canaan.
Archeologists found many ceramic artifacts at that archeological site.
Archeologists have discovered 20 colored wooden coffins in Luxor.
Archeologists have discovered a trove of ancient Nubian stone tablets.
Archeologists have discovered more than 40 mummies at a burial site dating to the Ptolemaic era, according to the antiquities ministry.
Archeologists have discovered that ancient Babylonian astronomers were able to predict the motion of Jupiter across the sky.
Archeologists have found a Roman ceremonial chariot near Pompeii.
Archeologists have found pots of perfectly preserved honey while excavating an ancient Egyptian tomb.
Archeologists in Egypt say they have uncovered a 3,000-year-old city near the Valley of the Kings, a field of tombs for ancient royalty and their families.
Archeologists said there is evidence that an even earlier settlement, estimated to be about 7,000-years-old, exists below the buildings of En Esur.
Archeology is a science that studies the activities of human beings and their changes through the study of the traces left by them.
Archeology is the science that studies the remnants of human civilization.
Archeology reveals the secrets of the past.
Archers are cowards.
Archers were key fighters in ancient battles.
Archery practice will go on this evening.
Archie made a move on her.
Archimedes was a great mathematician.
Architects, engineers and building managers will soon be able to quickly collect data about building interiors that once took weeks to measure and process. A backpack-mounted device, developed by a group of scientists at the University of California, Berkeley, will require just one pass through the building to create not only a 3D model but gather other valuable information related to the building’s energy efficiency.
Architects, engineers and building supervisors will soon be able to quickly collect information that once took weeks to measure and process.
Architecturally, the building itself is divided into several different wings.
Archiving is necessary.
Archivists have been arguing for copyright reform for years.
Arcing from power lines, caused by the high winds, triggered several wildfires.
Arctic foxes are rarely a threat to humans.
Arctic ground squirrels hibernate during the winter.
Arctic skuas attack puffins.
Ardern displayed strong leadership in handling the aftermath of a volcanic eruption at White Island, also known as Whakaari, that killed 21 and left dozens injured in December.
Ardis is Algiers's largest supermarket.
Ardis is a huge supermarket located in Algiers.
Are Algeria and Morocco technically still at war?
Are Algeria's economic reforms destined to fail?
Are Algeria's economic reforms inefficient?
Are Algeria's economic reforms too little, too late?
Are Algeria's exports increasing?
Are Algeria's rail lines economically reliable?
Are Algeria's reforms going in the right direction?
Are Algerian economic statistics manipulated?
Are Algerian elections actually rigged?
Are Algerian products more expensive?
Are Algerian products really competitive?
Are Algerian women economically active?
Are Algerians able to buy their own homes?
Are Algerians benefiting from the wealth they're creating?
Are Algerians following the measures prescribed by the government to stop the propagation of the coronavirus?
Are Algerians getting wealthier?
Are Americans ready to elect a woman president?
Are Americans really so individualistic?
Are Berber names still banned in Algeria?
Are Bill Gates and Anthony Fauci terrorists?
Are Bob Joyce and Elvis Presley the same person?
Are CAT tools useful for translators?
Are Canada and Australia genocidal nations?
Are Chinese people warm and friendly? Good question. Honestly, I don't know. No one has come talked to me yet.
Are Christians persecuted in Algeria?
Are Danish and Norwegian the same language?
Are Earth and Mars the same age?
Are Friends Electric? by Tubeway Army was a number-one single in 1979.
Are Gabriel's claims true?
Are German and Dutch the same language?
Are German and Yiddish the same language?
Are German men more romantic than German women?
Are High German and Low German the same language?
Are Hungarians and Finns genetically related?
Are Kabyle dresses expensive?
Are Kabyle women beautiful?
Are LED light bulbs recycled?
Are Mandarin and Cantonese the same language?
Are Mary and Alice really sisters?
Are Mary and Alice sisters?
Are Mary and Tom newlyweds?
Are Mary’s gardening techniques effective in harsh climates?
Are Morocco and Algeria preparing for a war?
Are Mr. and Mrs. Jackson Tom's parents?
Are Muslim women allowed to wear their headscarves for their driver's license photos?
Are Muslims a threat?
Are Muslims inherently bad?
Are Osakans greedy?
Are Portuguese and Galician the same language?
Are Portuguese and Spanish the same language?
Are Protestants tired of the Bible?
Are Romanians Romans?
Are Russian and Ukrainian similar?
Are Sami and Layla living with you?
Are Scots really stingy?
Are Spanish and Italian the same language?
Are TV shows accurate representations of a country's culture?
Are Tesla cars sold in Algeria?
Are Tom and I interrupting something?
Are Tom and John brothers?
Are Tom and John identical twins?
Are Tom and John roommates?
Are Tom and Maria shy?
Are Tom and Mary Canadian citizens?
Are Tom and Mary Canadians?
Are Tom and Mary French teachers?
Are Tom and Mary OK?
Are Tom and Mary a couple?
Are Tom and Mary able to do that?
Are Tom and Mary able to eat?
Are Tom and Mary able to speak French?
Are Tom and Mary absent today?
Are Tom and Mary actors?
Are Tom and Mary actually in danger?
Are Tom and Mary actually in there?
Are Tom and Mary adopted?
Are Tom and Mary afraid of dogs?
Are Tom and Mary afraid of that?
Are Tom and Mary afraid of this?
Are Tom and Mary afraid to do that?
Are Tom and Mary afraid yet?
Are Tom and Mary afraid?
Are Tom and Mary alcoholics?
Are Tom and Mary all right?
Are Tom and Mary allergic to anything?
Are Tom and Mary allergic to peanuts?
Are Tom and Mary allowed to do that?
Are Tom and Mary alone now?
Are Tom and Mary alone?
Are Tom and Mary already there?
Are Tom and Mary also studying French?
Are Tom and Mary always here on Mondays?
Are Tom and Mary always like that?
Are Tom and Mary always like this?
Are Tom and Mary always so helpful?
Are Tom and Mary always this helpful?
Are Tom and Mary any better today?
Are Tom and Mary any better?
Are Tom and Mary any good at French?
Are Tom and Mary any good at baseball?
Are Tom and Mary around?
Are Tom and Mary artists?
Are Tom and Mary asleep?
Are Tom and Mary at home now?
Are Tom and Mary at home?
Are Tom and Mary at school?
Are Tom and Mary at your place?
Are Tom and Mary awake yet?
Are Tom and Mary awake?
Are Tom and Mary back already?
Are Tom and Mary back together again?
Are Tom and Mary back together?
Are Tom and Mary back yet?
Are Tom and Mary back?
Are Tom and Mary badly hurt?
Are Tom and Mary behaving themselves?
Are Tom and Mary being punished?
Are Tom and Mary bluffing?
Are Tom and Mary both going to jail?
Are Tom and Mary both still awake?
Are Tom and Mary both still busy?
Are Tom and Mary both still doing that?
Are Tom and Mary both still living in Australia?
Are Tom and Mary both still living in Boston?
Are Tom and Mary both still sick?
Are Tom and Mary both still single?
Are Tom and Mary both still studying French?
Are Tom and Mary bothering you?
Are Tom and Mary busy?
Are Tom and Mary cleaning their room now?
Are Tom and Mary close by?
Are Tom and Mary close?
Are Tom and Mary colleagues?
Are Tom and Mary coming back again?
Are Tom and Mary coming back tonight?
Are Tom and Mary coming back?
Are Tom and Mary coming here?
Are Tom and Mary coming over?
Are Tom and Mary coming to pick you up?
Are Tom and Mary coming to the party?
Are Tom and Mary coming with us?
Are Tom and Mary coming?
Are Tom and Mary cousins?
Are Tom and Mary crazy?
Are Tom and Mary dating?
Are Tom and Mary determined to do that?
Are Tom and Mary different than before?
Are Tom and Mary different?
Are Tom and Mary doctors?
Are Tom and Mary doing OK?
Are Tom and Mary doing better?
Are Tom and Mary doing the right thing?
Are Tom and Mary doing the same thing?
Are Tom and Mary doing well?
Are Tom and Mary done?
Are Tom and Mary drunk?
Are Tom and Mary eating the same thing?
Are Tom and Mary eating?
Are Tom and Mary electricians?
Are Tom and Mary engaged?
Are Tom and Mary eyewitnesses?
Are Tom and Mary fat?
Are Tom and Mary feeling better today?
Are Tom and Mary feeling well?
Are Tom and Mary fine?
Are Tom and Mary finished eating?
Are Tom and Mary free now?
Are Tom and Mary friends of yours?
Are Tom and Mary friends?
Are Tom and Mary from Boston?
Are Tom and Mary getting along?
Are Tom and Mary getting any better?
Are Tom and Mary getting back together?
Are Tom and Mary getting better?
Are Tom and Mary getting enough to eat?
Are Tom and Mary going home?
Are Tom and Mary going out?
Are Tom and Mary going somewhere?
Are Tom and Mary going to be OK?
Are Tom and Mary going to be all right?
Are Tom and Mary going to be arrested?
Are Tom and Mary going to be at the party tonight?
Are Tom and Mary going to be here?
Are Tom and Mary going to be home tomorrow?
Are Tom and Mary going to be staying here long?
Are Tom and Mary going to be teachers?
Are Tom and Mary going to be there?
Are Tom and Mary going to buy this?
Are Tom and Mary going to die?
Are Tom and Mary going to do that by themselves?
Are Tom and Mary going to do that or not?
Are Tom and Mary going to do that this week?
Are Tom and Mary going to do that today?
Are Tom and Mary going to do that?
Are Tom and Mary going to eat with us?
Are Tom and Mary going to get out of prison any time soon?
Are Tom and Mary going to go skating tomorrow?
Are Tom and Mary going to go with us tomorrow?
Are Tom and Mary going to help you do that?
Are Tom and Mary going to help you?
Are Tom and Mary going to help?
Are Tom and Mary going to leave today?
Are Tom and Mary going to school today?
Are Tom and Mary going to sing for us tonight?
Are Tom and Mary going to sing tonight?
Are Tom and Mary going to swim tomorrow?
Are Tom and Mary going to swim with us?
Are Tom and Mary going to swim?
Are Tom and Mary going with you?
Are Tom and Mary going, too?
Are Tom and Mary going?
Are Tom and Mary good cooks?
Are Tom and Mary happy together?
Are Tom and Mary happy?
Are Tom and Mary here now?
Are Tom and Mary here tonight?
Are Tom and Mary here yet?
Are Tom and Mary here, too?
Are Tom and Mary here?
Are Tom and Mary home yet?
Are Tom and Mary home?
Are Tom and Mary hungry?
Are Tom and Mary in Australia now?
Are Tom and Mary in Australia?
Are Tom and Mary in Boston now?
Are Tom and Mary in Boston?
Are Tom and Mary in a lot of trouble?
Are Tom and Mary in any danger?
Are Tom and Mary in any trouble?
Are Tom and Mary in pain?
Are Tom and Mary in some kind of trouble?
Are Tom and Mary in the garden?
Are Tom and Mary in the hospital?
Are Tom and Mary in the kitchen?
Are Tom and Mary in the same class?
Are Tom and Mary in their offices?
Are Tom and Mary in there?
Are Tom and Mary in trouble again?
Are Tom and Mary in trouble?
Are Tom and Mary in your class?
Are Tom and Mary in?
Are Tom and Mary injured?
Are Tom and Mary interested?
Are Tom and Mary jealous?
Are Tom and Mary joking?
Are Tom and Mary kidding?
Are Tom and Mary learning French?
Are Tom and Mary leaving?
Are Tom and Mary licensed psychologists?
Are Tom and Mary licensed therapists?
Are Tom and Mary likely to buy that?
Are Tom and Mary likely to come back?
Are Tom and Mary likely to do that?
Are Tom and Mary likely to leave soon?
Are Tom and Mary likely to want to do that?
Are Tom and Mary likely to want to go to Boston with you?
Are Tom and Mary living in Boston?
Are Tom and Mary living with you?
Are Tom and Mary lonely?
Are Tom and Mary looking for jobs?
Are Tom and Mary looking for new jobs?
Are Tom and Mary lost?
Are Tom and Mary lovers?
Are Tom and Mary lying?
Are Tom and Mary mad at us?
Are Tom and Mary man and wife?
Are Tom and Mary married?
Are Tom and Mary members here?
Are Tom and Mary members?
Are Tom and Mary nervous about that?
Are Tom and Mary nervous?
Are Tom and Mary newlyweds?
Are Tom and Mary next?
Are Tom and Mary not supposed to be doing that?
Are Tom and Mary obliged to do that?
Are Tom and Mary old enough to drink?
Are Tom and Mary on any medications?
Are Tom and Mary on bad terms?
Are Tom and Mary on diets?
Are Tom and Mary on duty?
Are Tom and Mary on the baseball team?
Are Tom and Mary on their way?
Are Tom and Mary on this ship?
Are Tom and Mary optimistic?
Are Tom and Mary out of their minds?
Are Tom and Mary out there?
Are Tom and Mary permitted to do that?
Are Tom and Mary planning on doing that anytime soon?
Are Tom and Mary planning on doing that by themselves?
Are Tom and Mary planning on doing that today?
Are Tom and Mary planning on doing that?
Are Tom and Mary planning on eating lunch with us?
Are Tom and Mary planning on staying at home all day by themselves?
Are Tom and Mary planning to be at today's meeting?
Are Tom and Mary planning to come with us?
Are Tom and Mary planning to do that anytime soon?
Are Tom and Mary planning to do that by themselves?
Are Tom and Mary planning to do that today?
Are Tom and Mary planning to do that?
Are Tom and Mary planning to eat lunch with us?
Are Tom and Mary planning to go back to Boston?
Are Tom and Mary planning to stay at home all day by themselves?
Are Tom and Mary playing tennis?
Are Tom and Mary positive?
Are Tom and Mary prepared for an emergency situation?
Are Tom and Mary prepared for this?
Are Tom and Mary prepared?
Are Tom and Mary protecting someone?
Are Tom and Mary ready for that?
Are Tom and Mary ready for this?
Are Tom and Mary ready to do that?
Are Tom and Mary ready to go?
Are Tom and Mary ready to leave?
Are Tom and Mary ready yet?
Are Tom and Mary ready?
Are Tom and Mary really Canadians?
Are Tom and Mary really French teachers?
Are Tom and Mary really OK?
Are Tom and Mary really a couple?
Are Tom and Mary really any good at doing that?
Are Tom and Mary really any good at speaking French?
Are Tom and Mary really asleep?
Are Tom and Mary really back?
Are Tom and Mary really busy?
Are Tom and Mary really dating?
Are Tom and Mary really doing OK?
Are Tom and Mary really doing that?
Are Tom and Mary really engaged?
Are Tom and Mary really friends?
Are Tom and Mary really getting married?
Are Tom and Mary really going to Boston by themselves?
Are Tom and Mary really going to Boston?
Are Tom and Mary really going to do that?
Are Tom and Mary really going to eat that?
Are Tom and Mary really happy here?
Are Tom and Mary really happy?
Are Tom and Mary really in Boston?
Are Tom and Mary really leaving?
Are Tom and Mary really living in Boston?
Are Tom and Mary really married?
Are Tom and Mary really sick?
Are Tom and Mary really sleeping?
Are Tom and Mary really students here?
Are Tom and Mary really teachers?
Are Tom and Mary really that clueless?
Are Tom and Mary really that stupid?
Are Tom and Mary related?
Are Tom and Mary reliable?
Are Tom and Mary retired?
Are Tom and Mary right?
Are Tom and Mary safe?
Are Tom and Mary satisfied?
Are Tom and Mary scared?
Are Tom and Mary scientists?
Are Tom and Mary serious about this?
Are Tom and Mary serious?
Are Tom and Mary seriously thinking about not going to today's meeting?
Are Tom and Mary sick?
Are Tom and Mary sleeping?
Are Tom and Mary smarter than you?
Are Tom and Mary smiling?
Are Tom and Mary staying at the Hilton Hotel?
Are Tom and Mary staying here?
Are Tom and Mary still French teachers?
Are Tom and Mary still able to do that for us?
Are Tom and Mary still able to do that?
Are Tom and Mary still afraid to do that?
Are Tom and Mary still afraid?
Are Tom and Mary still alive?
Are Tom and Mary still allowed to do that?
Are Tom and Mary still angry?
Are Tom and Mary still around?
Are Tom and Mary still asleep?
Are Tom and Mary still at home?
Are Tom and Mary still at school?
Are Tom and Mary still at work?
Are Tom and Mary still awake?
Are Tom and Mary still bartenders?
Are Tom and Mary still be able to do that for us?
Are Tom and Mary still be able to do that?
Are Tom and Mary still be willing to do that for us?
Are Tom and Mary still be willing to do that?
Are Tom and Mary still collaborating?
Are Tom and Mary still crying?
Are Tom and Mary still dating each other?
Are Tom and Mary still dating?
Are Tom and Mary still determined to do that?
Are Tom and Mary still doing that?
Are Tom and Mary still eating dinner?
Are Tom and Mary still eating?
Are Tom and Mary still engaged?
Are Tom and Mary still friends of yours?
Are Tom and Mary still going to help us?
Are Tom and Mary still happy?
Are Tom and Mary still having trouble sleeping?
Are Tom and Mary still here?
Are Tom and Mary still hungry?
Are Tom and Mary still in Australia?
Are Tom and Mary still in Boston?
Are Tom and Mary still in jail?
Are Tom and Mary still in my office?
Are Tom and Mary still in school?
Are Tom and Mary still in the hospital?
Are Tom and Mary still in their offices?
Are Tom and Mary still in town?
Are Tom and Mary still interested in going to Boston with us?
Are Tom and Mary still interested?
Are Tom and Mary still likely to do that?
Are Tom and Mary still living here?
Are Tom and Mary still living in Boston?
Are Tom and Mary still living in the same apartment?
Are Tom and Mary still living on Park Street?
Are Tom and Mary still living with you?
Are Tom and Mary still mad at me?
Are Tom and Mary still mad?
Are Tom and Mary still married to each other?
Are Tom and Mary still married?
Are Tom and Mary still not talking to each other?
Are Tom and Mary still obliged to do that?
Are Tom and Mary still on the job?
Are Tom and Mary still on vacation?
Are Tom and Mary still permitted to do that?
Are Tom and Mary still planning on doing that?
Are Tom and Mary still planning on staying with us next summer?
Are Tom and Mary still planning to do that?
Are Tom and Mary still planning to go to Boston with us?
Are Tom and Mary still planning to stay with us next summer?
Are Tom and Mary still playing outside?
Are Tom and Mary still plumbers?
Are Tom and Mary still safe?
Are Tom and Mary still sick?
Are Tom and Mary still sleeping?
Are Tom and Mary still staying with you?
Are Tom and Mary still students?
Are Tom and Mary still studying French?
Are Tom and Mary still studying at Harvard?
Are Tom and Mary still studying?
Are Tom and Mary still swimming?
Are Tom and Mary still teachers?
Are Tom and Mary still there?
Are Tom and Mary still together?
Are Tom and Mary still too busy to see me?
Are Tom and Mary still trying to lose weight?
Are Tom and Mary still unable to do that?
Are Tom and Mary still up?
Are Tom and Mary still willing to do that for us?
Are Tom and Mary still willing to do that?
Are Tom and Mary still working for you?
Are Tom and Mary still working here?
Are Tom and Mary still working in Boston?
Are Tom and Mary still working?
Are Tom and Mary studying French at school?
Are Tom and Mary stupid?
Are Tom and Mary sure?
Are Tom and Mary swimming?
Are Tom and Mary talking in French?
Are Tom and Mary teachers?
Are Tom and Mary telling the truth?
Are Tom and Mary the ones who asked you to do that?
Are Tom and Mary the ones who taught you how to do that?
Are Tom and Mary the ones who taught you how to sing?
Are Tom and Mary the ones who told you that?
Are Tom and Mary the ones who told you to do that?
Are Tom and Mary the ones who took you there?
Are Tom and Mary the only ones who can do that?
Are Tom and Mary the only ones who can't do that?
Are Tom and Mary the only ones who don't have to do that?
Are Tom and Mary the only ones who don't know how to do that?
Are Tom and Mary the only ones who don't need to do that?
Are Tom and Mary the only ones who don't want to do that?
Are Tom and Mary the only ones who have to do that?
Are Tom and Mary the only ones who know how to do that?
Are Tom and Mary the only ones who need to do that?
Are Tom and Mary the only ones who want to do that?
Are Tom and Mary there alone?
Are Tom and Mary there already?
Are Tom and Mary there yet?
Are Tom and Mary there, too?
Are Tom and Mary there?
Are Tom and Mary together again?
Are Tom and Mary twins?
Are Tom and Mary up yet?
Are Tom and Mary vegetarians?
Are Tom and Mary wearing the new shirts you bought for them?
Are Tom and Mary well enough to go to school today?
Are Tom and Mary well enough to work today?
Are Tom and Mary well?
Are Tom and Mary with you now?
Are Tom and Mary with you?
Are Tom and Mary working today?
Are Tom and Mary working together?
Are Tom and Mary working tonight?
Are Tom and Mary working?
Are Tom and Mary young?
Are Tom and Mary your children?
Are Tom and Mary your friends?
Are Tom and Mary your kids?
Are Tom and Mary your real names?
Are Tom and his father close?
Are Tom and the baby OK?
Are Tom and the kids OK?
Are Tom and the others safe?
Are Tom and the others there?
Are Tom's claims valid?
Are Tom's parents divorced?
Are Turks tired of Erdogan?
Are USB drives outdated?
Are Western values being eroded?
Are Yanni and Skura compatible in the first place?
Are Yanni's kids OK?
Are a lot of guests coming?
Are airplane tickets expensive?
Are aliens real?
Are all apples red?
Are all companies toxic?
Are all doctors healthy?
Are all fish cold-blooded?
Are all four of your grandparents still living?
Are all geckos nocturnal?
Are all languages related?
Are all laws just?
Are all metals malleable?
Are all of Tom's brothers still in Australia?
Are all of Tom's brothers still in Boston?
Are all of them ready?
Are all of them your friends?
Are all of these books yours?
Are all of these people your friends?
Are all of those children yours?
Are all of you Canadians?
Are all of you beginners?
Are all of you friends with each other?
Are all of you guys homeless?
Are all of you homeless?
Are all of you in the same class?
Are all of you ready?
Are all of you tired?
Are all of you willing to help us?
Are all of you women?
Are all of your grandparents still living?
Are all of your sisters older than you?
Are all paradoxes the exact same?
Are all passengers on board?
Are all powders fine?
Are all swans white?
Are all the bars shut?
Are all the books on the table?
Are all the candies gone?
Are all the chickens dead?
Are all the contestants here?
Are all the doors closed?
Are all the doors locked?
Are all the doors shut?
Are all the others there?
Are all the passengers aboard?
Are all the passengers on board?
Are all the prices the same?
Are all the whole numbers natural numbers?
Are all the windows closed?
Are all the windows locked?
Are all the windows shut?
Are all these books yours?
Are all these paintings for sale?
Are all these suitcases?
Are all these your papers?
Are all things connected?
Are all things possible?
Are all those people poor?
Are all those people waiting for Tom?
Are all three of you bachelors?
Are all three of you going on a trip?
Are all y'all homeless?
Are all you guys homeless?
Are all your brothers and sisters musicians, too?
Are all your sisters and brothers older than you?
Are anal fissures curable?
Are angels real?
Are animals capable of abstract thought?
Are animals smarter than we think?
Are antibiotics effective against acne?
Are antibiotics sold over the counter in your country?
Are any coffee pots on sale today?
Are any meals included?
Are any of my ribs broken?
Are any of these boats for rent?
Are any of these boats for sale?
Are any of these books yours?
Are any of these cups clean?
Are any of these locations easy to get to by bus?
Are any of these notebooks yours?
Are any of these within walking distance?
Are any of those things true?
Are any of you Canadians?
Are any of you Tom's classmates?
Are any of you boys hungry?
Are any of you coming with me?
Are any of you fluent French speakers?
Are any of you folks Catholic?
Are any of you going to do that?
Are any of you guys free tonight?
Are any of you here not satisfied with how things turned out?
Are any of you hungry?
Are any of you hurt?
Are any of your brother's friends single?
Are any of your college friends coming to Mary's party?
Are any of your dogs missing?
Are any of your friends in a band?
Are any of your sister's friends single?
Are any seats still available?
Are babies dishwasher safe?
Are babies natural or man made?
Are back braces covered by Yanni's insurance?
Are bad politics triumphing in Algeria?
Are banks open on Monday?
Are banks open today?
Are bargain prices important?
Are bats mammals?
Are beach weddings still as popular as they used to be?
Are bear attacks common around here?
Are birds living fossils?
Are boars fat?
Are both English versions equally acceptable?
Are both Tom and Mary Canadians?
Are both Tom and Mary good students?
Are both Tom and Mary still awake?
Are both Tom and Mary still busy?
Are both Tom and Mary still doing that?
Are both Tom and Mary still living in Australia?
Are both Tom and Mary still living in Boston?
Are both Tom and Mary still sick?
Are both Tom and Mary still single?
Are both Tom and Mary still studying French?
Are both Tom and Mary teachers?
Are both of you Canadians?
Are both of you bachelors?
Are both of you ready to go?
Are both of you really named Tom?
Are both of you still single?
Are both of you students here?
Are both of your grandfathers still alive?
Are both of your parents musicians, too?
Are both of your sisters as beautiful as you are?
Are both of your sisters as beautiful as you?
Are both you and Tom from Australia?
Are bumblebees eusocial?
Are butterflies insects?
Are calculators banned from the math exam?
Are carbohydrates the next tobacco?
Are carrots good for you?
Are cataracts common in dogs?
Are caterpillars worms?
Are cats capable of magic?
Are cats people?
Are cats smarter than dogs?
Are centipedes dangerous?
Are centipedes poisonous to cats?
Are children more creative than adults?
Are cigarettes sold by the piece?
Are clothes and clothing fashion important to you?
Are complementary therapies safe during pregnancy?
Are complex numbers real?
Are compulsive liars the best salesmen?
Are constructed languages really easier than natural languages?
Are contractions required in French?
Are cookies easy to make?
Are corals animals or plants?
Are corporate tax rates high in Algeria?
Are corporations or governments worse?
Are crabs and clams considered fish?
Are crocodiles and alligators dangerous?
Are cryptocurrencies really banned in the PRC?
Are cuckoos songbirds?
Are diet pills as healthy as they say?
Are diplomatic discussions leading to peace?
Are diplomatic efforts enough to resolve the crisis?
Are diplomatic talks helping relations between the nations?
Are dogs afraid of leashes?
Are dogs more intelligent than cats?
Are dragons real?
Are dreams a reflection of reality?
Are drinks free?
Are duck eggs better than chicken eggs?
Are dumplings pasta?
Are dung beetles smelly?
Are dung beetles stinky?
Are earthworms ticklish?
Are eco-friendly cars sold in Algeria?
Are eggs a good source of protein?
Are either of you Catholic?
Are either of your grandfathers still alive?
Are either one of you Catholic?
Are electric cars sold in Algeria?
Are elementary school children old enough to learn about heterosexuality?
Are elephants really vegetarians?
Are eukaryotes really just a branch of archaea?
Are fairy tales just stories?
Are farmers in Algeria free to set their own prices?
Are fireworks flat or round?
Are fireworks legal in Australia?
Are first dates a pleasure for you or do they bring you stress?
Are first dates fun for you or do they cause you stress?
Are first dates thrilling for you or do they lead to stress?
Are fish also animals?
Are flamingos wading birds?
Are fleas insects?
Are floods becoming more frequent in Algeria?
Are flowers sold in this business?
Are frogs reptiles? I don't expect them to be mammals.
Are gas prices going down?
Are gas prices going to go down?
Are gas prices going up?
Are gasoline prices skyrocketing this summer, I wonder?
Are generics as effective as brand name drugs?
Are ghosts real?
Are giraffes antelopes?
Are giraffes dangerous?
Are giraffes endangered animals?
Are giraffes endangered?
Are global leaders addressing economic inequality?
Are global population projections correct that assume a greater elderly proportion and an eventual dip? Will society shift its general philosophy from expansionism to sustainability?
Are global relations more stable now?
Are gnus faster than zebras?
Are goats difficult to milk?
Are golems just robots with one-word programs?
Are her boobs real or fake?
Are her breasts in the shape of an apple or a pear?
Are her parents divorced?
Are highlights really 'highlights' if everything is highlighted in yellow?
Are hippopotamuses harmless animals?
Are hookahs healthier than cigarettes?
Are human beings a parasitic infection of the earth?
Are human languages better than the twitters of birds or the haunting songs of whales?
Are human rights being respected in Algeria?
Are humans OK?
Are humans a part of nature?
Are humans fish?
Are humans good at reactive aggression?
Are humans inherently good or evil?
Are humans inherently good?
Are humans like chickens? We still can't fly in deep space, beyond the ISS, which is really like a lighthouse near the shore. Robots do our long flights.
Are humans like goldfish in a fishbowl?
Are humans like goldfish in a fishbowl? In outer space and on other moons and planets, we would have to contend with different gravities, different atmospheres, and other environmental elements that differ from Earth's.
Are humans lobe-finned fish?
Are humans mortal?
Are humans not part of nature?
Are humans part of nature?
Are hydrocarbons a curse for Algeria?
Are hyenas predators?
Are increases in life expectancy accompanied by a concurrent postponement of disability and functional limitations?
Are insects found on every continent?
Are intentions more important than outcomes?
Are international leaders working together more closely?
Are international negotiations making progress?
Are international partnerships growing stronger?
Are international relations at risk due to recent events?
Are international relations improving this year?
Are international relations stronger than before?
Are international tensions rising again?
Are international trade agreements under review?
Are kisses important to you during sex?
Are kiwis a fruit or a bird?
Are koalas bears?
Are lemurs primates?
Are limericks always funny?
Are lions afraid of hyenas?
Are lions mammals?
Are local trains included on this schedule?
Are loquats available right now?
Are mangroves abundant in the Pantanal?
Are many guests coming?
Are meals included in the cost of the trip?
Are meals included?
Are medlars and apples related?
Are medlars edible?
Are memes copyrighted?
Are men afraid of confident women?
Are men who don't drink still men?
Are men who don’t drink still men?
Are mermaids real?
Are more people coming?
Are mortality rates decreasing in Algeria?
Are mosquitoes necessary?
Are most chipmunks drones?
Are most people convinced their dreams are an important guidance for them that is by far not only result of own processing of own experiences till present but its more important part is something received that is coordinated with received parts of the dreams of close ones for making easier harmonic successful coping together possible by the possibility of following such dream guidances obediently which is also strengthened by tendentially persuasive hints of the dreams to reasons of the suitability of these close ones for this which the dreams pursue by hinting and confirming how similar own experiences and what has been learned are to those of these close ones?
Are most people on the Internet bots?
Are mussels molluscs?
Are my calculations accurate?
Are my children OK?
Are my clothes already dry?
Are my clothes dry yet?
Are my ears red?
Are my eyes deceiving me or is it snowing in the middle of summer?
Are my eyes red?
Are my pictures ready now?
Are my socks dry already?
Are my socks dry yet?
Are nations the last stage of evolution in human society?
Are native English speakers used to learning other languages?
Are newts and salamanders amphibians or reptiles?
Are not you ashamed of yourself?
Are not you the cause of this for me?
Are numbers real?
Are oil and gas a curse for Algeria?
Are oil prices going up?
Are online communities really so different from real-life communities?
Are oranges always orange?
Are our actions guided by fate or free will?
Are our borders secure?
Are our choices guided by fate or free will?
Are our choices our own?
Are our choices predetermined?
Are our destinies predetermined?
Are our emotions stronger than our reason?
Are our fears holding us back?
Are our kids doing what they're supposed to be doing?
Are our leaders interested in scientific progress?
Are our life details all recorded in the Akashic Records?
Are our lives a reflection of our thoughts?
Are our lives just dreams within dreams?
Are our lives just stories we tell ourselves?
Are oysters in season now?
Are parents rational about their children?
Are penguins birds or mammals?
Are penguins good swimmers?
Are people a product of their environment?
Are people able to buy their own homes in Algeria?
Are people becoming wiser?
Are people born intelligent or stupid, or is intelligence the result of how you live?
Are people comfortable? No.
Are people listening?
Are people still talking about this creep?
Are pets allowed?
Are pies hard to make?
Are pigs fat or do farmers overfeed them?
Are pigs more intelligent than dogs?
Are pigs omnivores?
Are pigs really dirty?
Are pigs smarter than dogs?
Are pike edible?
Are planets solid bodies?
Are polar bears bigger than grizzlies?
Are political parties allowed to use the private information from voters lists to promote their platform in Canada?
Are preparations for winter complete?
Are printers a non-durable good?
Are projections of the global population that would plateau then decrease correct? How would such impact the expansionist philosophy? Would humanity endear sustainability?
Are prong collars dangerous for dogs?
Are rabbits able to swim?
Are rabbits cuter than squirrels?
Are racist comments ever OK?
Are remoulds worth it, or is it better to buy brand new tyres?
Are reservations necessary?
Are salaries stagnant in Algeria?
Are sandwiches OK for lunch?
Are satanists religious extremists?
Are screws tightened clockwise or anticlockwise?
Are sea urchin spines easy to remove?
Are seals intelligent?
Are seats available?
Are sex toys safe?
Are six of them coming at seven?
Are snapping turtles dangerous?
Are social media platforms harmful?
Are some of you from the US trade delegation?
Are some people born evil?
Are some questions unanswerable?
Are some things unforgivable?
Are spatulas for scraping or turning?
Are spiders insects?
Are starfish edible?
Are statistics facts?
Are steroids actually killing people?
Are strawberries good for dogs?
Are sunbeds safe to use during pregnancy?
Are sunbeds safe?
Are surprise parties this popular abroad?
Are sweet potatoes actually sweet?
Are tasers deadly?
Are the Amish friendly to outsiders?
Are the Bakirs having a party, too?
Are the Bush administration and al-Qaida the two sides of the same coin?
Are the Chinese GDP figures a case of the boy crying wolf?
Are the Dravidian languages related to any other languages?
Are the Giants playing tonight?
Are the Greek islands big?
Are the Jacksons home?
Are the Jacksons still around?
Are the Niagara Falls far from your town?
Are the Palestinians going to spend another one hundred years of suffering?
Are the US and China on a collision course?
Are the aliens invading?
Are the apples going to be ripe soon?
Are the arrangements for your trip complete?
Are the beds comfortable?
Are the beds good?
Are the bus drivers going on strike?
Are the bus drivers going to go on strike?
Are the cameras rolling?
Are the cards dealt from left to right or vice versa?
Are the chairs next to the wall?
Are the cherries ripe enough to pick?
Are the cherries stoned?
Are the children already asleep?
Are the children asleep?
Are the children at school?
Are the children playing in the park?
Are the children ready for bed?
Are the children really asleep?
Are the cops already looking for Stefan?
Are the current political reforms in Algeria going to lead to genuine change?
Are the current protests a threat to Algeria's future?
Are the dates ripe?
Are the diplomatic meetings leading to agreements?
Are the dishes done?
Are the doors high.
Are the doors unlocked?
Are the ducks flying?
Are the election results already known?
Are the elevators working?
Are the fingers yours?
Are the firecrackers loud in your area?
Are the fires still burning?
Are the first letters of the names of languages always written in uppercase in English?
Are the fish biting today?
Are the fish still alive?
Are the flasks made of glass or plastic?
Are the flowers real?
Are the glasses fit for him?
Are the goats that live on that hill wild?
Are the goods shipped, or are they transported as airfreight?
Are the goods transported by ship or air?
Are the heather plants done flowering?
Are the hotel rooms supplied with hair dryers?
Are the hotels pricey?
Are the individual study rooms open even on Saturdays and Sundays?
Are the kids home from school yet?
Are the lambs ready for weaning?
Are the languages mutually intelligible?
Are the measures legitimate?
Are the medlars ripe?
Are the microphones off?
Are the microphones on?
Are the microphones still on?
Are the most beautiful sentences the most beautiful in all languages?
Are the muffins ready?
Are the necessary basic facilities available?
Are the needs of society more important than the rights of the individual?
Are the neighbors noisy?
Are the neighbours noisy?
Are the objections to the airport legitimate or is it just a case of nimbyism?‎
Are the official numbers credible?
Are the old chairs brown?
Are the only electromagnetic wavelengths that humans can directly perceive the light we see using our eyes and infrared radiation that warms our skin?
Are the operating switch and the emergency switch at least 48 mm apart?
Are the parents tired?
Are the party preparations okay?
Are the passengers all aboard?
Are the pearls real or fake?
Are the people free to speak their minds?
Are the police biased against people who commit crimes?
Are the police going to arrest me?
Are the police in Boston friendly?
Are the police in Boston helpful?
Are the police looking for you?
Are the preparations complete for the coronation?
Are the preparations for tomorrow complete?
Are the presents wrapped?
Are the profits exclusive of taxes?
Are the questions important?
Are the rivers in Africa big?
Are the rocks granite?
Are the roses blue?
Are the royal gardens prepared for the evening stroll?
Are the rules different now?
Are the rules the same for everyone?
Are the rules the same?
Are the rumors true?
Are the rumours true?
Are the school and neighborhood sketchy?
Are the shadow people afraid of us, too?
Are the shops crowded during the weekend?
Are the shops in England closed on Sundays?
Are the shops open on Saturday?
Are the shops open today?
Are the small differences between Galician and Portuguese enough to consider these two languages as distinct languages?
Are the small things important?
Are the stores closed on Sunday in England?
Are the stores open today?
Are the students ready to take the test?
Are the students sitting in the auditorium?
Are the tapestries ready for the royal banquet?
Are the three of you brothers?
Are the tip and service charge included?
Are the toes yours?
Are the train tickets expensive?
Are the trout biting?
Are the twins excited for their birthday?
Are the two horses yours?
Are the two nations improving their diplomatic ties?
Are the two of you friends?
Are the voters on strike?
Are the water and electricity included in the rent?
Are the water bear's babies called water bear cubs?
Are the windows all locked?
Are the windows open?
Are the wounds fully healed?
Are their international alliances strong enough?
Are their wives permitted to see them?
Are there "friendly" and "unfriendly" AI, artificial intelligence?
Are there Algerians who are suffering from malnutrition?
Are there Catholics in Algeria?
Are there Christians in Egypt?
Are there French audio guides?
Are there French speakers in Canada?
Are there Islamic banks in Algeria?
Are there Jews in Algeria?
Are there May blues outside of Japan?
Are there Muslim women there?
Are there Muslims in Malta?
Are there Muslims in North Dakota?
Are there Portuguese subtitles for that movie?
Are there Syrian refugees in Algeria?
Are there Yellow Vests in Algeria?
Are there a lot of Africans in Germany?
Are there a lot of Moroccans in Germany?
Are there a lot of associations in your city?
Are there a lot of cats in Catalonia?
Are there a lot of foreigners in Armenia?
Are there a lot of guns?
Are there a lot of people here?
Are there a lot of tall buildings in Boston?
Are there a lot of them there?
Are there a pen and paper here?
Are there always as many people here as there is today?
Are there always so many people here?
Are there any ATMs around here?
Are there any Berber etymological dictionaries?
Are there any Chinese restaurants around here?
Are there any Chinese restaurants near here?
Are there any Chinese restaurants near me?
Are there any English magazines in this library?
Are there any French magazines in your school library?
Are there any French-speaking doctors working here?
Are there any German-language furry animes?
Are there any Islamic banks in Algeria?
Are there any Japanese restaurant around here?
Are there any Japanese restaurants near here?
Are there any Kabyles in your work?
Are there any Muslims here?
Are there any Muslims in North Korea?
Are there any Olympic size swimming pools near where you live?
Are there any RPGs that you're into?
Are there any Russians among you?
Are there any Spanish-English dictionaries you recommend for beginners?
Are there any TV or radio programs in your language?
Are there any Thai restaurants around here?
Are there any Turkish restaurants in Algeria?
Are there any abstract art exhibitions in Algeria?
Are there any acquaintances of yours looking for a job?
Are there any adults home?
Are there any airstrips in the area?
Are there any apples in the box?
Are there any apples left there?
Are there any apples on the tree?
Are there any aspects of Shanghai that are not as good as those of Beijing?
Are there any bags in this shop?
Are there any balls here?
Are there any bananas?
Are there any beaches in Germany?
Are there any bears around here?
Are there any beautiful parks in Japan?
Are there any better options?
Are there any bigger carrots?
Are there any bike lanes in Algiers?
Are there any birds bigger than ostriches?
Are there any birds endemic to Algeria?
Are there any blue flowers out in the wild?
Are there any book stores around here?
Are there any book stores in this city?
Are there any book stores in this town?
Are there any books under the desk?
Are there any boys sitting on the dock?
Are there any casinos in Algeria?
Are there any cats under the table?
Are there any caves in Kabylie?
Are there any cinemas in the area?
Are there any cinemas near here?
Are there any cinemas round here?
Are there any civilians left alive in Avdiivka for Russia to subjugate?
Are there any cookies left?
Are there any cool caves around here?
Are there any cryptocurrencies that aren't fiat, meaning that are backed by a physical resource?
Are there any customers in the store now?
Are there any cute boys in your class?
Are there any cute girls in your class?
Are there any department stores near here?
Are there any detergents in the laundry?
Are there any detours up ahead?
Are there any difficulties?
Are there any direct flights between Boston and Sydney?
Are there any discount tickets for me?
Are there any discounts?
Are there any doctors here who can speak Japanese?
Are there any doctors here?
Are there any en suite rooms?
Are there any errors here?
Are there any exceptions?
Are there any express trains?
Are there any extra credit opportunities?
Are there any famous musicians from your country?
Are there any famous musicians on the stage?
Are there any firearms in the house?
Are there any fish in this pond?
Are there any flights to Boston this evening?
Are there any foods that you don't like?
Are there any foods you didn't like as a child that you like now?
Are there any foods you didn't like as a kid that you like now?
Are there any foods you don't like?
Are there any fries here?
Are there any ghost towns in Algeria?
Are there any girls here that you haven't met yet?
Are there any girls here that you haven't yet met?
Are there any girls here you haven't met yet?
Are there any girls here you haven't yet met?
Are there any girls in prison?
Are there any girls in the pool?
Are there any glow-worms in your garden?
Are there any good beaches in and near Algiers?
Are there any good films on this week?
Are there any good malls around here?
Are there any good movies being shown this week?
Are there any good museums in Kabylie?
Are there any good news?
Are there any good places near here to listen to live music?
Are there any good places to eat around here?
Are there any good places to go hiking around here?
Are there any good places to play golf around here?
Are there any good places to ski around here?
Are there any good programs on TV today?
Are there any good ramen shops nearby?
Are there any good restaurants around here?
Are there any good restaurants near here?
Are there any good restaurants near your house?
Are there any good seats left for tonight?
Are there any grammatical errors in the written exam?
Are there any grammatical errors in the written test?
Are there any grocery stores around here?
Are there any grocery stores near me?
Are there any guidebooks in Japanese?
Are there any half-day trips?
Are there any hidden fees?
Are there any high-speed rail lines in Algeria?
Are there any home remedies for bad breath?
Are there any hotdogs left?
Are there any irregular verbs in Esperanto?
Are there any issues I should be aware of?
Are there any issues that we should be aware of?
Are there any issues we need to discuss?
Are there any job openings here?
Are there any kemono animes in German?
Are there any kinds of music that you don't like?
Are there any knacks, or good sites, for downloading Japanese software?
Are there any koalas in the local zoo?
Are there any landmarks?
Are there any languages with no vowels?
Are there any larger carrots?
Are there any letters for me in today's mail?
Are there any letters for me in today’s mail?
Are there any letters for me?
Are there any letters to me in today's mail?
Are there any lights in there?
Are there any liquids or sharp objects in your luggage?
Are there any loose cables?
Are there any malls in Algiers?
Are there any mammals endemic to Algeria?
Are there any manual coffee pots available?
Are there any markets or supermarkets around here? Is it convenient for daily shopping?
Are there any messages for me?
Are there any military hospitals in Boston?
Are there any mistakes in this exercise?
Are there any more apples in that box?
Are there any more cookies?
Are there any more details?
Are there any more donuts?
Are there any more doughnuts?
Are there any more free spots?
Are there any more problems we need to deal with today?
Are there any more questions?
Are there any movie theaters near here?
Are there any museums or art galleries open until late evening?
Are there any national holidays in October?
Are there any native Toki Pona speakers?
Are there any native speakers of Toki Pona?
Are there any natural curiosities worth visiting in Algeria?
Are there any new cheeses at the grocery?
Are there any new comments today?
Are there any newspapers published in your language?
Are there any night markets in Algiers?
Are there any oars in that rowing boat?
Are there any objections?
Are there any obvious differences?
Are there any options?
Are there any other choices?
Are there any other comments?
Are there any other hotels you can recommend?
Are there any other interesting episodes in history?
Are there any other options?
Are there any other planets on which life can exist?
Are there any other possibilities?
Are there any other problems that need taking care of?
Are there any other problems that need to be taken care of?
Are there any other problems we need to deal with today?
Are there any other questions you'd like to ask me?
Are there any other questions?
Are there any other songs like that?
Are there any other suggestions?
Are there any other things to keep in mind?
Are there any other verbs besides "stan" that can be used in the infinitive form with "have"?
Are there any parks in the town?
Are there any parks in town?
Are there any parks nearby?
Are there any parks within walking distance of your home?
Are there any pens in the car?
Are there any pens on the desk?
Are there any picture magazines here?
Are there any places you'd recommend?
Are there any poisonous snakes around here?
Are there any pretty girls in town?
Are there any problems I should know about?
Are there any problems we need to deal with now?
Are there any problems we should know about?
Are there any problems?
Are there any public beaches near here?
Are there any public toilets in this building?
Are there any questions about the lesson?
Are there any questions, comments, concerns?
Are there any questions?
Are there any radio stations in this area that broadcast in French?
Are there any red squirrels left in the UK?
Are there any religions that don't permit organ donation?
Are there any restaurants around here that you can recommend?
Are there any restaurants here?
Are there any restaurants near the campus?
Are there any restaurants that you can recommend?
Are there any restaurants within walking distance?
Are there any risks?
Are there any rooms available?
Are there any rules?
Are there any sausages left?
Are there any seats available?
Are there any seats free?
Are there any seats left for tonight?
Are there any seats left?
Are there any security updates?
Are there any sentences that are absolutely untranslatable?
Are there any side effects?
Are there any signs nearby?
Are there any skyscrapers in Algiers?
Are there any solutions?
Are there any souvenir shops here?
Are there any stores with "going out of business" sales?
Are there any student apartments that include meals?
Are there any students from Korea in your class?
Are there any students in this class who walk to school?
Are there any suggestions?
Are there any survivors?
Are there any tamales in José's house?
Are there any taxis in this town?
Are there any taylors in your family?
Are there any theme parks in Algeria?
Are there any tickets left for a train to Guangzhou tonight?
Are there any tickets left for the concert?
Are there any tickets left for today's concert?
Are there any tickets left for tomorrow's concert?
Are there any tickets left?
Are there any toilets near here?
Are there any tourists here this evening, by any chance?
Are there any tours of the city?
Are there any towns with festivals near here?
Are there any types of cuisine or restaurants that you could recommend?
Are there any updates on this issue?
Are there any vacancies at your hotel?
Are there any vacancies?
Are there any vegetables that Tom likes?
Are there any volunteers?
Are there any weapons in your possession?
Are there any windows in the wall?
Are there any witnesses?
Are there apple tarts at the corner bakery?
Are there artificially intelligent teachers?
Are there atheists in the Muslim world?
Are there authentic Chinese restaurants in France?
Are there beach resorts in Kabylie?
Are there bears around here?
Are there bears in this park?
Are there beautiful women here?
Are there benevolent djinn?
Are there better options?
Are there big rivers in Germany?
Are there bigger carrots?
Are there birds with this kind of chirp in Australia too?
Are there books in your house?
Are there books on the table?
Are there broadcasts about sport in other channels?
Are there car-free streets in Algiers?
Are there cats?
Are there churches in Algeria?
Are there composers who can't play even one musical instrument?
Are there crocodiles in Austria?
Are there dangerous areas?
Are there dangerous neighborhood in Algiers?
Are there deeper reasons for Algeria's economic crisis?
Are there differences between the manner of thinking for men and that of women?
Are there disabled toilets here?
Are there dogs that don't bark?
Are there dogs that eat raw fish?
Are there drunk driving laws in every country?
Are there dung beetle species native to Algeria?
Are there earthquakes in Germany?
Are there earthquakes on Mars?
Are there electric buses in Algeria?
Are there enough chairs for everybody?
Are there enough chairs for everyone?
Are there enough chairs here for everyone?
Are there enough chairs to go around?
Are there enough chairs to seat 12 people?
Are there enough chairs?
Are there enough forks for everyone?
Are there enough glasses?
Are there enough people in the kitchen?
Are there enough people?
Are there exceptions to the rule?
Are there extraterrestrial civilizations that are over a million years old?
Are there falconers in Algeria?
Are there fireflies in your garden?
Are there fish in this pond?
Are there floods in Germany?
Are there for sure no snakes in Ireland?
Are there forks and knives on the table?
Are there francophones in Canada?
Are there gay fish?
Are there giraffes in Algeria?
Are there going to be any girls?
Are there going to be any guys?
Are there going to be fireworks and stuff at that festival?
Are there golf courses in Algeria?
Are there good places to go dancing near here?
Are there good wolves and bad wolves?
Are there great peoples and small peoples?
Are there green?
Are there guns in there?
Are there haunted cemeteries in Algeria?
Are there high-speed trains in Algeria?
Are there hotels on the island?
Are there infixes in English? Abso-fucking-lutely!
Are there karaoke bars in Algeria?
Are there kids?
Are there limitations on the freedom of speech in Algeria?
Are there limits to free speech?
Are there lots of sharks around here?
Are there lots of tall buildings?
Are there many Africans in Germany?
Are there many Assyrian speakers in Australia?
Are there many Brazilians living in Japan?
Are there many Chinese restaurants in Boston?
Are there many animals in the zoo?
Are there many arctic foxes in the tundra?
Are there many art museums in Boston?
Are there many clubs in your city?
Are there many cowsheds in this village?
Are there many flowers in the garden?
Are there many foreigners here?
Are there many foreigners working here?
Are there many good restaurants near where you live?
Are there many mice in the tundra?
Are there many movie theaters in Boston?
Are there many museums in Boston?
Are there many of them there?
Are there many of you working here?
Are there many people in Europe who believe in ghosts even now?
Are there many people in the waiting room?
Are there many people?
Are there many poisonous snakes in Australia?
Are there many streets in that village?
Are there many tall buildings in Boston?
Are there many tourists in Armenia?
Are there many trees in the park?
Are there many women in your work unit?
Are there matches?
Are there more doors or windows in the world?
Are there more features?
Are there more sheep in Wales or in New Zealand?
Are there more water or land animals?
Are there more worlds to discover?
Are there mosques in North Korea?
Are there movies in an airplane?
Are there movies on the plane?
Are there native Esperanto speakers?
Are there no more?
Are there nuts in these brownies?
Are there oak trees on the hill?
Are there oak trees on the mountain?
Are there oceans on other planets?
Are there ostriches in Austria?
Are there other Berbers contributing to Tatoeba?
Are there other intelligent beings in our galaxy?
Are there other intelligent beings living in our Galaxy?
Are there other options?
Are there other planets out there that have life?
Are there other universes outside our own?
Are there others like you?
Are there others that have questions?
Are there penguins living at the North Pole?
Are there people in your class you get along with?
Are there people who live in extreme poverty in Algeria?
Are there people who speak your language in public?
Are there people who use it?
Are there people whose mother tongue is Esperanto?
Are there plants with blue leaves?
Are there politicians in Heaven?
Are there problems at home?
Are there prostitutes in your neighborhood?
Are there public restrooms in this building?
Are there rare earth elements in Algeria?
Are there rats in the sewers?
Are there really mealworms that eat styrofoam?
Are there really penguins in Madagascar and Australia?
Are there really people like this?
Are there really such people?
Are there regional disparities in the exam results?
Are there regional disparities in today's exam results?
Are there reserved seats for this film?
Are there reserved seats on the train?
Are there reserved seats?
Are there rooms for smokers?
Are there safety fences?
Are there schools in the city?
Are there scorpions in Germany?
Are there seals and auks in Algeria?
Are there seedless watermelons?
Are there sentences in Spanish that include all letters of the alphabet?
Are there sentences that can not be translated at all?
Are there seven blankets?
Are there seven of you?
Are there skyscrapers in Algiers?
Are there smokers in your family?
Are there some cats on the desk?
Are there some cats on the desks?
Are there sometimes earthquakes where you live?
Are there special evening rates?
Are there stars with other forms of life on them?
Are there still available rooms in your hotel?
Are there still enough chairs for everyone?
Are there still great German scholars today?
Are there still men yet who don't drink?
Are there still some empty seats?
Are there still tickets for the concert?
Are there still wild bears in Germany?
Are there still wolves around here?
Are there still wolves in Germany?
Are there still women who use your language at home?
Are there student apartments with meals?
Are there sufficient people in the kitchen?
Are there superstitions in Ireland?
Are there survivors?
Are there tax reductions for foreign companies in Algeria?
Are there taxis around here?
Are there teachers endowed with artificial intelligence?
Are there things that we can do to help?
Are there things you could start doing now to make your ideal future closer to becoming a reality?
Are there things you would like to have done while you were a student?
Are there time travelers on the Internet?
Are there to be hidden characters as well? We ask the developers.
Are there too many for you?
Are there too many options?
Are there trees on top of the mountain?
Are there two bathrooms in the flat?
Are there two windows in your room?
Are there unresolved emotions or past experiences that contribute to your continued acting in this manner?
Are there vampires in real life or not?
Are there venomous jellyfish at this beach?
Are there verbal tenses in Berber?
Are there veterinarians who specialize in Godzilla?
Are there waterfalls in your country?
Are there wolves in Australia?
Are there worlds beyond ours?
Are there young people who speak your language?
Are these Adam's children?
Are these Mark’s books? — Yes, they’re his.
Are these Rima and Skura?
Are these Tom's and Mary's bags?
Are these Tom's and Mary's cups?
Are these Tom's and Mary's?
Are these Tom's books?
Are these Tom's children?
Are these Tom's glasses?
Are these Tom's gloves?
Are these Tom's notes?
Are these Tom's pencils?
Are these Tom's shoes?
Are these Tom's suitcases?
Are these Tom's sunglasses?
Are these Tom's things?
Are these Tom's?
Are these Ziri and Rima?
Are these accusations true?
Are these all Tom's and mine?
Are these all Tom's books?
Are these all Tom's?
Are these all suitcases?
Are these all the same price?
Are these all the same?
Are these all the sizes you have?
Are these all your belongings?
Are these all your books, Tom?
Are these all yours?
Are these allegations true?
Are these apples sweet or sour?
Are these bags Tom's and yours?
Are these bags Tom's?
Are these bags yours?
Are these bananas ripe?
Are these baskets ours?
Are these batteries charged?
Are these berries edible?
Are these books Kenji's?
Are these books Kenji’s?
Are these books Tom's or mine?
Are these books in any particular order?
Are these books interesting?
Are these books very expensive?
Are these books yours or mine?
Are these books yours?
Are these candles?
Are these chemicals dangerous?
Are these cherries stoned?
Are these children yours?
Are these children?
Are these clothes new?
Are these complimentary?
Are these conditions acceptable to you?
Are these condoms yours?
Are these cups porcelain?
Are these dishes clean?
Are these dogs Tom's?
Are these dogs yours?
Are these drawings for Tom?
Are these drinks complimentary?
Are these edible?
Are these eggs fresh?
Are these eggs sold by the dozen?
Are these events connected?
Are these exercises difficult?
Are these expressions accurate?
Are these figures exact?
Are these flowers for sale?
Are these flowers real?
Are these for me?
Are these for sale?
Are these from Tom?
Are these gestures used in the USA?
Are these glasses yours?
Are these gloves large enough for you?
Are these gloves yours?
Are these guards infallible?
Are these guys Russian?
Are these library books?
Are these light bulbs a safety hazard?
Are these light bulbs environmentally friendly?
Are these light bulbs good?
Are these light bulbs harmful to the environment?
Are these light switches good?
Are these magazines his?
Are these magazines yours?
Are these my socks or your socks?
Are these my socks or yours?
Are these notebooks all yours?
Are these notebooks yours?
Are these numbers accurate?
Are these numbers precise?
Are these ours?
Are these patriots forgotten?
Are these pencils Tom's?
Are these pencils yours?
Are these people insane?
Are these phrasings right?
Are these plates clean?
Are these products available in Algeria?
Are these projects worth the environmental damage?
Are these questions appropriate?
Are these questions relevant?
Are these real flowers?
Are these real?
Are these really Tom's?
Are these really yours?
Are these recent pictures?
Are these rutabagas?
Are these seats reserved?
Are these sentences correct?
Are these sentences written correctly?
Are these shoes too big for you?
Are these shoes yours?
Are these shots necessary?
Are these soldiers or monsters?
Are these studless tyres?
Are these suitcases yours?
Are these sunglasses Tom's?
Are these sunglasses yours?
Are these the behaviours of a wise or honest man?
Are these the cookies that you baked?
Are these the cookies you baked?
Are these the cups that Tom and Mary drank out of?
Are these the cups that Tom and Mary used?
Are these the exact words he used?
Are these the friends you told me about?
Are these the glasses you were looking for?
Are these the glasses you're looking for?
Are these the glasses you've been looking for?
Are these the glasses you’re looking for?
Are these the only ones you have?
Are these the pictures that you took in Australia?
Are these the pictures that you took in Boston?
Are these the pictures that you took yesterday?
Are these the pictures you took in Australia?
Are these the pictures you took in Boston?
Are these the pictures you took yesterday?
Are these the pictures you were looking for?
Are these them?
Are these things really Tom's?
Are these tomatoes from your garden?
Are these towels free?
Are these towels safe to bleach?
Are these triangles congruent?
Are these two cases linked?
Are these two guys gay?
Are these umbrellas Tom's and yours?
Are these us?
Are these vegetables expensive?
Are these what you're looking for?
Are these what you've been looking for?
Are these your books?
Are these your car keys?
Are these your cats?
Are these your children?
Are these your daughters?
Are these your dogs?
Are these your drumsticks?
Are these your friends?
Are these your glasses?
Are these your gloves?
Are these your horses?
Are these your initials?
Are these your keys?
Are these your kids?
Are these your labels?
Are these your neighbors?
Are these your orange pants?
Are these your own books?
Are these your paintings?
Are these your parents?
Are these your passports?
Are these your pencils?
Are these your pictures?
Are these your prostitutes?
Are these your sandwiches?
Are these your shades?
Are these your shoes?
Are these your skis?
Are these your socks?
Are these your suitcases?
Are these your sunglasses?
Are these your things?
Are these yours or mine?
Are these yours, Tom?
Are these yours?
Are they Algerian?
Are they American?
Are they Americans?
Are they Canadian?
Are they Canadians?
Are they English?
Are they French girls?
Are they French teachers?
Are they French?
Are they Genoese kids?
Are they Italian?
Are they Japanese or Chinese?
Are they Japanese?
Are they Kabyle?
Are they Nepalese?
Are they Nigerian?
Are they Romanian?
Are they Romans?
Are they Russian?
Are they Tom and Mary?
Are they Tom's brothers?
Are they Ukrainian?
Are they a couple?
Are they a cult?
Are they able to read these words?
Are they active in politics?
Are they actually friends?
Are they adults?
Are they afraid of something?
Are they afraid?
Are they against me?
Are they aligning their strategies?
Are they alive?
Are they all alive?
Are they all friends of yours?
Are they all gay?
Are they all going?
Are they all in Spain?
Are they all like that?
Are they all like this?
Are they all nuts?
Are they all prisoners?
Are they all ready?
Are they all right?
Are they all so mad about music?
Are they all so mad keen on music?
Are they all strong?
Are they all the same price?
Are they all the same?
Are they all unharmed?
Are they all your friends?
Are they allies already?
Are they already here?
Are they already there?
Are they also going to be there?
Are they always the same?
Are they analyzing the statistics?
Are they any good?
Are they armed?
Are they arriving at ten o'clock in the morning or at night?
Are they arriving at ten o’clock in the morning or at night?
Are they big?
Are they black?
Are they both the same?
Are they both your children?
Are they breathing?
Are they brothers?
Are they brutal enough?
Are they busy?
Are they cannibals?
Are they closer to agreement?
Are they collaborators?
Are they collecting samples today?
Are they coming as well?
Are they coming at six or at seven?
Are they coming back tonight?
Are they coming back?
Are they coming from their house?
Are they coming here tomorrow?
Are they coming this way?
Are they coming with us?
Are they coming, too?
Are they coming?
Are they confused?
Are they cops?
Are they criminals?
Are they crying because they are touched or sad?
Are they cute?
Are they dead?
Are they dining here this evening?
Are they displayed all through the year?
Are they doing anything right now?
Are they doing the right thing?
Are they done already?
Are they eating here this evening?
Are they eating the apple?
Are they even really friends?
Are they far away?
Are they feminists?
Are they focusing on building better international relationships?
Are they for me?
Are they foreigners?
Are they forming an alliance?
Are they free on Friday afternoon?
Are they friendly?
Are they friends of yours?
Are they friends or are they dating?
Are they friends?
Are they from Rome?
Are they from another planet?
Are they from out of town?
Are they getting stronger?
Are they going fishing?
Are they going in China to build cemeteries?
Are they going on vacation to Austria?
Are they going out?
Are they going shopping with us?
Are they going to Australia to build stores?
Are they going to Italy for a holiday?
Are they going to accuse Tom?
Are they going to arrest Tom?
Are they going to arrest her?
Are they going to arrest him?
Are they going to arrest me?
Are they going to arrest them?
Are they going to arrest us?
Are they going to arrest you?
Are they going to beat me up?
Are they going to buy that car?
Are they going to close schools?
Are they going to die?
Are they going to do that?
Are they going to employ more people?
Are they going to fight?
Are they going to go west?
Are they going to have a boy or a girl?
Are they going to kill Tom?
Are they going to kill her?
Are they going to kill him?
Are they going to kill me?
Are they going to kill them?
Are they going to kill us?
Are they going to kill you?
Are they going to rape us?
Are they going to see her?
Are they going to see them?
Are they going to take Tom back?
Are they going to take my child away?
Are they going to take them away from you?
Are they going to teach something in Greece?
Are they going to tell me the truth?
Are they going to the museum by bus?
Are they going, too?
Are they gone?
Are they good?
Are they happy?
Are they hard of hearing?
Are they having dinner here this evening?
Are they having problems?
Are they healthy?
Are they heartless?
Are they here?
Are they hiding something from me?
Are they hiding something?
Are they hiding?
Are they his parents?
Are they horny?
Are they hostile or friendly?
Are they hot?
Are they hurting themselves?
Are they identical or fraternal twins?
Are they identical?
Are they important to you?
Are they improving organizational efficiency?
Are they in Berlin?
Are they in Paris?
Are they in love?
Are they in the gym?
Are they in?
Are they inside or out?
Are they inside or outside?
Are they intending to stay in office for ever?
Are they keeping you busy?
Are they kidding us?
Are they laughing at me?
Are they laughing at us?
Are they laughing at you?
Are they laughing because of you?
Are they learning English?
Are they live?
Are they looking at us?
Are they married?
Are they mercenaries?
Are they messing with us?
Are they mine or yours?
Are they minors?
Are they mocking you?
Are they neighbors?
Are they new?
Are they non-partisan?
Are they not Englishmen?
Are they not at home?
Are they not company employees?
Are they not feeling well?
Are they not happy together?
Are they not victims, too?
Are they novels?
Are they now available throughout Switzerland?
Are they on sale?
Are they open on Monday?
Are they open on Sunday?
Are they organizing their workload well?
Are they our distant brethren?
Are they pacifists?
Are they partners now?
Are they paying you enough?
Are they paying you extra to work late?
Are they paying you well enough?
Are they planning an attack?
Are they poisonous?
Are they preparing an alliance?
Are they preparing for a war?
Are they preparing for an election?
Are they purple?
Are they ready to talk?
Are they ready yet?
Are they real or fake?
Are they really Canadians?
Are they really any different?
Are they really friends?
Are they really serious?
Are they really soldiers?
Are they really that dangerous?
Are they really, though?
Are they rehearsing for the concert?
Are they related?
Are they right?
Are they running fast?
Are they satisfied?
Are they selling their house?
Are they serious?
Are they sharing the same man?
Are they sharp?
Are they sick?
Are they singers?
Are they sisters?
Are they sleeping together?
Are they sleeping?
Are they speaking English?
Are they speaking French?
Are they speaking in Croatian, Bosnian, or Serbian?
Are they spicy?
Are they still angry?
Are they still here?
Are they still in bed?
Are they still looking for us?
Are they still looking?
Are they still mad?
Are they still sweating?
Are they still thinking about it?
Are they still wearing masks where you live?
Are they students?
Are they studying economic disparities?
Are they supposed to do that?
Are they supposed to make all that smoke?
Are they swimming?
Are they taking care of you?
Are they taking good care of you?
Are they talking about Tom?
Are they talking about her?
Are they talking about him?
Are they talking about me?
Are they talking about them?
Are they talking about us?
Are they talking about you?
Are they tall?
Are they telling the truth?
Are they telling them the truth?
Are they the people you saw yesterday?
Are they the people you told me about?
Are they the same breed?
Are they the same?
Are they there?
Are they together again?
Are they together?
Are they too tight?
Are they tracking project progress?
Are they treated fairly?
Are they twins?
Are they unwilling or unable?
Are they voting in the election?
Are they willing to leave?
Are they willing to make peace?
Are they working at the moment?
Are they working in the lab?
Are they working today?
Are they worried about their grades?
Are they worth it?
Are they writing a letter?
Are they your friends?
Are they your relatives?
Are they your sons?
Are things OK with you?
Are things any better now?
Are things bad now?
Are things bad?
Are things better now?
Are things different now?
Are things going OK at school?
Are things going OK at work?
Are things going well?
Are things much different than last year?
Are things so bad out there?
Are things that bad?
Are those American urbanites?
Are those Tom dogs?
Are those Tom's books?
Are those Tom's boots?
Are those Tom's brothers?
Are those Tom's cats?
Are those Tom's children?
Are those Tom's classmates?
Are those Tom's clothes?
Are those Tom's dogs?
Are those Tom's glasses?
Are those Tom's gloves?
Are those Tom's shoes?
Are those Tom's sons?
Are those Tom's suitcases?
Are those Tom's sunglasses?
Are those Tom's?
Are those aliens?
Are those apples ripe?
Are those artificial flowers?
Are those batteries rechargeable?
Are those bedbugs?
Are those bones human?
Are those buses air-conditioned?
Are those buses new?
Are those children yours?
Are those chips vegan?
Are those clothes new?
Are those coconuts real?
Are those cookies?
Are those eels?
Are those eggs free-range?
Are those explosives?
Are those flowers for me?
Are those for me?
Are those fruits sold by weight or by the piece?
Are those guys from your school?
Are those guys your brothers?
Are those guys your friends?
Are those his folks?
Are those kids yours?
Are those languages related?
Are those magnolias?
Are those my earrings?
Are those my glasses?
Are those my slippers?
Are those new rules?
Are those new shoes?
Are those pangs of conscience that you're feeling, or just pangs of hunger?
Are those people Tom's supporters?
Are those people crazy?
Are those people from Canada?
Are those people over there your friends?
Are those people terrorists?
Are those pineapples real?
Are those plastic fangs?
Are those real diamonds?
Are those roses?
Are those sawflies?
Are those streets long?
Are those synthetic or cultured pearls?
Are those the ones you wanted?
Are those the people you saw yesterday?
Are those three horses yours?
Are those two different words?
Are those two going out?
Are those working pay phones?
Are those your bags?
Are those your big houses?
Are those your children?
Are those your daughters?
Are those your dogs?
Are those your favorite shoes?
Are those your horses?
Are those your kids?
Are those your parents?
Are those your pictures?
Are those your pupils?
Are those your sons?
Are those your students?
Are those your sunglasses?
Are those your things?
Are those yours?
Are tickets for the concert available here?
Are today's teenagers more depressed than the ones ten years ago?
Are today's video game images this realistic?
Are trade deficits good or bad?
Are traditions not respected anymore?
Are trans women women?
Are trees edible?
Are vampires cold-blooded?
Are vampires real?
Are velvet, velveteen, plush and velour the same kind of fabric?
Are video games addictive?
Are video-game cutscene dialogues copyrighted?
Are wakame and kombu different?
Are wasps insects?
Are wasps poisonous?
Are we a couple?
Are we a dream in the mind of a deity, or is each of us a separate dreamer, evoking his own reality?
Are we a thing?
Are we able to prevent disease?
Are we about to have a flame war?
Are we acquaintances?
Are we advancing toward knowledge? Or is knowledge receding from us?
Are we afraid of death?
Are we afraid of dying?
Are we agreed?
Are we all connected by unseen forces?
Are we all connected?
Are we all going to die?
Are we all happy now?
Are we all happy?
Are we all here?
Are we all part of something greater?
Are we all puppets?
Are we all ready to go?
Are we all ready?
Are we all really going to be on the same plane?
Are we all searching for the same truth?
Are we all seeking the same thing?
Are we all seeking the same truth?
Are we all sinners?
Are we allowed back here?
Are we allowed to disagree with you?
Are we allowed to do that here?
Are we allowed to do that?
Are we allowed to eat here?
Are we allowed to express ourselves freely?
Are we allowed to let our dogs run freely?
Are we allowed to pray in the al-Aqsa Mosque?
Are we allowed to swim here?
Are we allowed to take pictures here?
Are we allowed to use the elevator?
Are we allowed to use the lift?
Are we allowed to visit the al-Aqsa Mosque?
Are we almost finished?
Are we almost there?
Are we alone here?
Are we alone in the house?
Are we alone in the universe?
Are we alone?
Are we already going?
Are we already leaving?
Are we always growing?
Are we an item?
Are we approaching a new Cold War?
Are we arriving on time?
Are we asking too much of Tom?
Are we at home today?
Are we bad parents?
Are we being charged with something?
Are we being chased?
Are we being watched?
Are we biking?
Are we bothering you?
Are we bound by fate?
Are we bound by the laws of the universe?
Are we bound by time or do we transcend it?
Are we bound to explore?
Are we broke?
Are we capable of true empathy?
Are we catching a flight to Boston?
Are we clear on that?
Are we clear?
Are we close to shore yet?
Are we coming back here?
Are we coming back?
Are we cool yet?
Are we creators of our own fate?
Are we defined by our actions or our thoughts?
Are we defined by our choices or our circumstances?
Are we destined for space?
Are we destined to repeat our mistakes?
Are we destined to search for meaning?
Are we disturbing you, guys?
Are we disturbing you?
Are we doing anything wrong?
Are we doing the best we can?
Are we doing the right thing?
Are we doing this correctly?
Are we doing this or not?
Are we doing this?
Are we done here?
Are we done with the meeting yet?
Are we done with this job?
Are we done yet?
Are we done?
Are we driving around in circles?
Are we driving round in circles?
Are we driving towards Belgrade?
Are we early?
Are we eating dinner?
Are we eating now?
Are we eating out tonight?
Are we eating to live or living to eat?
Are we even now?
Are we even?
Are we ever going to finish this?
Are we ever going to get back together?
Are we ever going to get past this?
Are we ever going to make peace with each other?
Are we ever going to see it?
Are we evolving as a species?
Are we expecting any other guests?
Are we famous now?
Are we finally going?
Are we finally out of the woods?
Are we finished?
Are we forgetting something?
Are we free on Friday afternoon?
Are we friends?
Are we fucked?
Are we getting a divorce?
Are we getting dumber over time?
Are we getting pizza?
Are we going anywhere this evening?
Are we going at last?
Are we going back to the ship?
Are we going by car or by taxi?
Are we going far?
Are we going for a little walk?
Are we going for a walk?
Are we going home?
Are we going in a circle?
Are we going in circles?
Are we going insane?
Are we going now?
Are we going on foot?
Are we going on vacation to Spain?
Are we going or staying?
Are we going out again?
Are we going out for lunch today?
Are we going out to eat this afternoon?
Are we going out to eat this evening?
Are we going out together?
Are we going right?
Are we going somewhere now?
Are we going somewhere?
Are we going surfing?
Are we going swimming today?
Are we going to Australia to build stores?
Are we going to Boston?
Are we going to China on vacation?
Are we going to attack them?
Are we going to be OK?
Are we going to be able to complete everything?
Are we going to be able to finish this today?
Are we going to be alone?
Are we going to be friends after this?
Are we going to be in Australia next winter?
Are we going to be in Boston next winter?
Are we going to be late?
Are we going to build farms in Italy?
Are we going to cross this bridge?
Are we going to die?
Are we going to do business in Lithuania?
Are we going to do that?
Are we going to do this or not?
Are we going to eat at a Chinese restaurant tonight?
Are we going to eat guinea pig?
Are we going to eat out tonight?
Are we going to eat?
Are we going to empty a glass?
Are we going to get gas?
Are we going to go for a walk?
Are we going to go swimming today?
Are we going to go to Germany for a while?
Are we going to have a problem with that?
Are we going to have a problem?
Are we going to have a test tomorrow?
Are we going to have a tour?
Are we going to have breakfast together?
Are we going to have to sleep here?
Are we going to help Tom?
Are we going to help them?
Are we going to lay the table?
Are we going to learn anything in Albania?
Are we going to let them steal our jobs?
Are we going to lose everything?
Are we going to lose?
Are we going to meet at eight?
Are we going to my house after the party?
Are we going to play billiards?
Are we going to play?
Are we going to register for that class?
Are we going to see Skura again?
Are we going to see Tom again?
Are we going to see you here next summer?
Are we going to see you soon?
Are we going to spend the rest of our lives working?
Are we going to start the class?
Are we going to stay here tonight?
Are we going to stay in Boston tonight?
Are we going to stay on the island?
Are we going to study Japanese?
Are we going to succeed?
Are we going to surrender to these monsters?
Are we going to survive?
Are we going to talk about this or not?
Are we going to the cinema?
Are we going to the lake?
Are we going to the movies later today?
Are we going to the movies tonight?
Are we going to the sea this summer?
Are we going to update it?
Are we going to visit Boston?
Are we going to walk?
Are we going to watch a film?
Are we going to win?
Are we going to your place or mine?
Are we going together to the station?
Are we going together?
Are we going towards the city centre?
Are we going?
Are we gonna get some beer, dude?
Are we gonna get some wine, dude?
Are we gonna have popcorn?
Are we gonna talk about this or not?
Are we good to go?
Are we happy with this?
Are we harming the planet irrevocably?
Are we having company tonight?
Are we having fun yet?
Are we having guests this evening?
Are we having lunch together?
Are we heading off?
Are we heading towards a crisis in Algeria?
Are we hearing a radio?
Are we here for Tom's sake?
Are we honestly surprised?
Are we human because we stare at the stars or do we stare at the stars because we are human?
Are we humans alone in this infinite universe?
Are we idiots?
Are we in Algeria already?
Are we in Berlin?
Are we in Paris?
Are we in Reggio Emilia?
Are we in a dream in a dream in a dream?
Are we in a hurry?
Are we in agreement?
Are we in any danger?
Are we in any particular hurry?
Are we in bad shape?
Are we in danger?
Are we in love?
Are we in the minority?
Are we in the same hotel?
Are we in the same time zone or in different ones?
Are we in trouble again?
Are we in trouble?
Are we interrupting them in their work?
Are we just friends?
Are we just going to let Tom get away with this?
Are we laying the table?
Are we leaving at last?
Are we leaving now?
Are we leaving soon?
Are we leaving?
Are we likely to arrive in time?
Are we likely to be in Australia on Valentine's Day?
Are we likely to be in Boston on Valentine's Day?
Are we likely to do that?
Are we living in a computer simulation?
Are we living in a golden age?
Are we losing a day on the way to America?
Are we losing our humanity?
Are we lost?
Are we mad squirrels?
Are we making a nonstop flight to the U.S.?
Are we making any impact?
Are we making progress?
Are we meant to be alone or together?
Are we meeting at eight?
Are we meeting tomorrow as usual?
Are we meeting tomorrow?
Are we meeting up tonight?
Are we missing anything else?
Are we more than our thoughts?
Are we mortal or immortal?
Are we moving?
Are we nearly finished?
Are we nearly there yet?
Are we nearly there?
Are we not ourselves creating our successors in the supremacy of the earth?
Are we not welcome here?
Are we off the record?
Are we on schedule?
Are we on speakerphone?
Are we on the air?
Are we on the right road?
Are we on the right track?
Are we on time?
Are we only friends?
Are we open to collaboration?
Are we out of sugar?
Are we overthinking things?
Are we part of something greater than ourselves?
Are we permitted to do that here?
Are we permitted to do that?
Are we playing today?
Are we poor?
Are we prepared for space travel?
Are we prepared?
Are we prisoners of our own minds?
Are we ready for an agreement?
Are we ready for it?
Are we ready for the rain?
Are we ready for the unknown?
Are we ready for this?
Are we ready to eat?
Are we ready to go?
Are we ready to go? Have we got everything we need?
Are we ready to proceed now with the jury selection?
Are we ready?
Are we really allowed to do that?
Are we really alone here?
Are we really alone?
Are we really going to Australia next week?
Are we really going to Boston next week?
Are we really going to Kabylie?
Are we really going to do that?
Are we really going to do this every Monday?
Are we really going to eat all that?
Are we really in 2014?
Are we really in 2015?
Are we really in love?
Are we really proud of our country?
Are we really safer?
Are we really sure that this is the real life?
Are we really surprised?
Are we really that old?
Are we really that poor?
Are we responsible for our own existence?
Are we riding our bikes?
Are we right to be so cautious?
Are we right to be so trusting?
Are we safe here?
Are we safe in here?
Are we safe now?
Are we safe yet?
Are we safe?
Are we screwed?
Are we shaped by our environment or our choices?
Are we sinking?
Are we sitting now?
Are we starting soon?
Are we starting?
Are we still allowed to do that?
Are we still allowed to do this?
Are we still allowed to fish here?
Are we still alone?
Are we still friends?
Are we still going to go over to Tom's after school?
Are we still obliged to do that?
Are we still obliged to go there?
Are we still on for 5:00?
Are we still on for 5?
Are we still on for Wednesday?
Are we still on for dinner tonight?
Are we still on for later?
Are we still on for lunch tomorrow?
Are we still on for tomorrow night?
Are we still permitted to do that?
Are we still talking about couscous?
Are we still waiting for Tom?
Are we still waiting for someone?
Are we stuck?
Are we stupid?
Are we subjects or objects in this process?
Are we supposed to be doing this?
Are we supposed to be here tomorrow?
Are we supposed to be here?
Are we supposed to be shocked?
Are we supposed to do that?
Are we supposed to help Tom?
Are we supposed to help them?
Are we supposed to meet Tom today?
Are we supposed to stop at a railway crossing?
Are we supposed to stop when the light is yellow?
Are we supposed to take off our shoes when we enter a house?
Are we sure Tom was alone?
Are we sure about that?
Are we sure about this?
Are we sure of it?
Are we sure that everything will go fine?
Are we sure there are no snakes in Ireland?
Are we sure this is accurate?
Are we sure we want to hire Tom?
Are we surrounded?
Are we taking off?
Are we talking about justice?
Are we talking about professionalism?
Are we talking about the same Tom?
Are we talking about the same person?
Are we that bad?
Are we that predictable?
Are we that thin-skinned?
Are we the architects of our own fate?
Are we the authors of our own story?
Are we the baddies?
Are we the creators of our own reality?
Are we the creators of our own suffering?
Are we the only intelligent species?
Are we there yet?
Are we there?
Are we to remove our shoes before entering the house?
Are we together on this?
Are we together?
Are we too late for the party?
Are we too late?
Are we too reliant on technology?
Are we traveling alone?
Are we truly alone in the cosmos?
Are we truly capable of change?
Are we undemocratic when we try to impose our own linguistic norms on others?
Are we using casual pronouns or not?
Are we waiting for someone else?
Are we your enemies?
Are whales fish?
Are white lies really necessary in our social life?
Are white people more deserving of the healthcare system than aboriginal people?
Are windshield scratches easy to remove?
Are women allowed to drive in Algeria?
Are women interested in Mars?
Are worms ticklish?
Are y'all homeless?
Are y'all still in Florida?
Are ya winning, son?
Are yetis real?
Are you 17 years old?
Are you 17?
Are you 18?
Are you Albanese?
Are you Algerian?
Are you American or French?
Are you American?
Are you Andalousian?
Are you Andalusian?
Are you Anna?
Are you Australian or Kiwi?
Are you Australian?
Are you Bolivian?
Are you Brazilian?
Are you British? I am.
Are you Buddhist or Hindu?
Are you CIA?
Are you Canadian citizens?
Are you Canadian?
Are you Canadians, too?
Are you Canadians?
Are you Catholic?
Are you Chamorro?
Are you Chaoui?
Are you Chaouis?
Are you Chinese or Japanese?
Are you Chinese, sir?
Are you Chinese?
Are you Choctaw?
Are you Colombian?
Are you Djiboutian, Layla?
Are you East Asian too?
Are you Elena's friends?
Are you English?
Are you Ethiopian?
Are you FBI?
Are you Finns or Russians?
Are you French or English?
Are you French?
Are you German?
Are you Google? Because I think I've found what I've been searching for.
Are you Greek?
Are you Greeks?
Are you Hungarian?
Are you Irish?
Are you Italian or German?
Are you Italian?
Are you Italians?
Are you Italophobes and Hispanophobes?
Are you Jamal Sadiq? I'm a big fan!
Are you Japanese?
Are you Jewish?
Are you John?
Are you Jose?
Are you Julius?
Are you Kabyle?
Are you Lebanese?
Are you Magyar people?
Are you Magyar?
Are you Maharashtrian?
Are you Malaysian, Layla?
Are you Malaysian, Sami?
Are you Malaysians?
Are you Marathi?
Are you Mary's brother?
Are you Mary's husband?
Are you Mary?
Are you Masensen or Mohand?
Are you Mr. Languste's daughter?
Are you Muslim?
Are you Muslims?
Are you OK alone at home?
Are you OK alone?
Are you OK being alone tonight?
Are you OK being alone?
Are you OK by yourself?
Are you OK for drinking water in an emergency?
Are you OK here all alone?
Are you OK here on your own?
Are you OK here?
Are you OK if we reschedule?
Are you OK in there?
Are you OK living alone?
Are you OK now?
Are you OK on your own?
Are you OK these days?
Are you OK this morning?
Are you OK to drive?
Are you OK today?
Are you OK up there?
Are you OK with all this?
Are you OK with doing this?
Are you OK with high places?
Are you OK with me barging in like this?
Are you OK with me being here?
Are you OK with me calling all the shots?
Are you OK with me dating your ex-girlfriend?
Are you OK with me living here?
Are you OK with me standing this close?
Are you OK with staying here?
Are you OK with that?
Are you OK with this decision?
Are you OK with this place?
Are you OK with this schedule?
Are you OK with this?
Are you OK, Skura?
Are you OK, Tom?
Are you OK, Yanni?
Are you OK, Ziri?
Are you OK, bro?
Are you OK?
Are you OK? It seems to me that you've been acting kind of strange.
Are you OK? You look like you're about to cry.
Are you Peter's wife?
Are you Polish?
Are you Romanian?
Are you Romans?
Are you Russian?
Are you Sami's daughter?
Are you Scottish?
Are you Serbian?
Are you Sophia's parents?
Are you Swedish?
Are you Syrian?
Are you Tafsut or Tifyur?
Are you Tim Norton by any chance?
Are you Tom Jackson by any chance?
Are you Tom Jackson?
Are you Tom and Mary Jackson by any chance?
Are you Tom and Mary by any chance?
Are you Tom and Mary?
Are you Tom by any chance?
Are you Tom or John?
Are you Tom too?
Are you Tom's assistant?
Are you Tom's brother?
Are you Tom's client?
Are you Tom's daughter?
Are you Tom's friend?
Are you Tom's friends?
Are you Tom's girlfriend?
Are you Tom's guest?
Are you Tom's guests?
Are you Tom's lawyer?
Are you Tom's mother?
Are you Tom's older brother?
Are you Tom's older son?
Are you Tom's oldest son?
Are you Tom's parents?
Are you Tom's son?
Are you Tom's wife?
Are you Tom?
Are you Turkish?
Are you Turks?
Are you US citizens?
Are you Ukrainian?
Are you Xiao-yu?
Are you Ziri?
Are you Ziri? Why don't you come and join us?
Are you a Buddhist?
Are you a Canadian citizen?
Are you a Canadian, too?
Are you a Canadian?
Are you a Catholic or a Protestant?
Are you a Catholic priest?
Are you a Catholic?
Are you a Christian?
Are you a Christopher Walken fan?
Are you a Filipino?
Are you a Freemason?
Are you a Golden Dawn supporter?
Are you a Japanese citizen?
Are you a Japanese student?
Are you a Muslim?
Are you a Protestant?
Are you a Republican?
Are you a Sikh, Mary?
Are you a Sikh, Sami?
Are you a Sikh?
Are you a Sinophobe?
Are you a Taoist?
Are you a UEA delegate in your city?
Are you a bachelor, too?
Are you a bachelor?
Are you a bad enough dude to rescue the president?
Are you a baker?
Are you a banker?
Are you a baritone?
Are you a baseball fan?
Are you a beginner?
Are you a believer?
Are you a bellend?
Are you a betting man?
Are you a big polo fan?
Are you a big sports fan?
Are you a bird watcher?
Are you a blonde?
Are you a bodybuilder?
Are you a bookie?
Are you a boss?
Are you a bottle blonde, too?
Are you a boy?
Are you a brunette?
Are you a bully?
Are you a bum?
Are you a butler?
Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile.
Are you a candidate?
Are you a card player?
Are you a careful driver?
Are you a caregiver?
Are you a carpenter?
Are you a cat person or a dog person?
Are you a cat person?
Are you a chemistry student?
Are you a chess player?
Are you a church-going person?
Are you a churchgoer?
Are you a civilian?
Are you a clean or messy person?
Are you a clean person or a messy person?
Are you a clerk?
Are you a client?
Are you a coach?
Are you a coffee drinker?
Are you a coffee lover?
Are you a coffee or a tea drinker?
Are you a college student?
Are you a competitive person?
Are you a complete idiot?
Are you a contestant?
Are you a control freak?
Are you a cop or something?
Are you a cop?
Are you a cop? You have to tell me if you are.
Are you a couple now?
Are you a couple?
Are you a coward?
Are you a creative person?
Are you a creature of habit?
Are you a criminal?
Are you a customer?
Are you a dancer, too?
Are you a dancer?
Are you a deacon?
Are you a decent person?
Are you a dentist?
Are you a detective?
Are you a diabetic?
Are you a doctor all of a sudden? Please leave me alone!
Are you a doctor by any chance?
Are you a doctor now, too?
Are you a doctor or something?
Are you a doctor, by any chance?
Are you a doctor, sir?
Are you a doctor?
Are you a doctor? My father is also a doctor.
Are you a dog guy or a cat guy?
Are you a dog person or a cat person?
Are you a dog person?
Are you a dreamer?
Are you a drug addict?
Are you a fake blonde, too?
Are you a fake blonde?
Are you a family member?
Are you a fan of his works?
Are you a fan of kissing while making love?
Are you a fan of mystery novels?
Are you a fan of red wine?
Are you a fan of standup comedy?
Are you a fan?
Are you a farmer?
Are you a fast runner?
Are you a fast swimmer?
Are you a father, too?
Are you a father?
Are you a felon?
Are you a femboy chatbot?
Are you a feminist?
Are you a film buff?
Are you a first-time traveler to Japan?
Are you a fluent French speaker?
Are you a foreign student?
Are you a foreigner in this country?
Are you a foreigner?
Are you a forest ranger?
Are you a freemason?
Are you a fresher?
Are you a freshman, too?
Are you a friend of Tom's?
Are you a friend of theirs?
Are you a friend or foe?
Are you a fucking moron?
Are you a full-time teacher?
Are you a furry?
Are you a gambler?
Are you a gambling man?
Are you a gamer?
Are you a gardener?
Are you a geocacher?
Are you a ghost?
Are you a girl or a boy?
Are you a girl?
Are you a glass half full or a glass half empty kind of person?
Are you a globe trotter?
Are you a god?
Are you a golfer?
Are you a good French speaker?
Are you a good bowler?
Are you a good cook?
Are you a good dancer?
Are you a good driver?
Are you a good father?
Are you a good fuck at the tennis club?
Are you a good golfer?
Are you a good husband?
Are you a good liar?
Are you a good man?
Are you a good neighbor?
Are you a good person?
Are you a good poker player?
Are you a good shot?
Are you a good skater?
Are you a good skier?
Are you a good son?
Are you a good speller?
Are you a good student?
Are you a good swimmer?
Are you a good tennis player?
Are you a grandfather yet?
Are you a grandfather?
Are you a grandmother yet?
Are you a grandmother?
Are you a guard?
Are you a guest here?
Are you a guest, sir?
Are you a guitar player?
Are you a guitarist?
Are you a guy?
Are you a hacker?
Are you a hands-on person?
Are you a happy person?
Are you a heavy drinker?
Are you a heavy smoker?
Are you a high school student?
Are you a history buff?
Are you a hoarder?
Are you a hockey fan?
Are you a homeowner?
Are you a housewife?
Are you a huge fan of trains?
Are you a human or a genie?
Are you a hunter?
Are you a hylozoist?
Are you a jerk?
Are you a jock?
Are you a jogger?
Are you a joiner?
Are you a journalist or a detective?
Are you a journalist?
Are you a junior or a senior?
Are you a kid from Mexico?
Are you a kid?
Are you a landlord?
Are you a law student?
Are you a lawyer?
Are you a leader or a follower?
Are you a lecturer or a student?
Are you a lefty?
Are you a lesbian?
Are you a liberal or conservative?
Are you a liberal?
Are you a light sleeper?
Are you a linguist or a historian?
Are you a liquid soap guy?
Are you a local?
Are you a locavore?
Are you a magician?
Are you a magician? Because whenever I look at you, everyone else disappears.
Are you a man or a frightened rabbit?
Are you a man or a mouse?
Are you a man or a spider?
Are you a man or a woman?
Are you a man?
Are you a maniac?
Are you a master at researching?
Are you a mechanic?
Are you a member here?
Are you a member of a gym?
Are you a member of a party?
Are you a member of a sports club?
Are you a member of any clubs?
Are you a member of the baseball team?
Are you a member of this crew?
Are you a member of this society?
Are you a member of your local library?
Are you a member?
Are you a millionaire?
Are you a mind reader?
Are you a misogynist?
Are you a model or an actor?
Are you a model?
Are you a monk?
Are you a morning person or a night person?
Are you a morning person?
Are you a moron?
Are you a mother?
Are you a mouse as well?
Are you a movie buff?
Are you a musician?
Are you a narc?
Are you a native French speaker?
Are you a native of England? You don't seem to have a British accent.
Are you a native speaker of French?
Are you a natural blonde, too?
Are you a natural blonde?
Are you a nerd?
Are you a new customer?
Are you a new employee?
Are you a new here, too?
Are you a new member?
Are you a new student?
Are you a new teacher?
Are you a newbie?
Are you a newcomer, too?
Are you a newcomer?
Are you a nice guy?
Are you a nice person?
Are you a night person or a day person?
Are you a non-Klingon-speaker?
Are you a non-citizen?
Are you a normal person?
Are you a nudist?
Are you a nun?
Are you a nurse?
Are you a painter?
Are you a pair?
Are you a palaeontologist?
Are you a paleontologist?
Are you a paramedic?
Are you a parent, too?
Are you a parent?
Are you a parking ticket? 'Cause you've got fine written all over you.
Are you a party member?
Are you a pastor?
Are you a patient here?
Are you a patient of Dr. Jackson's?
Are you a patient?
Are you a perfectionist?
Are you a philatelist?
Are you a photographer?
Are you a physicist?
Are you a piano player?
Are you a picky eater?
Are you a pig?
Are you a plumber?
Are you a poker player?
Are you a police officer?
Are you a policeman?
Are you a policewoman?
Are you a polo fan?
Are you a polyglot?
Are you a practicing Catholic?
Are you a practicing physician?
Are you a priest?
Are you a prisoner?
Are you a professor?
Are you a programmer?
Are you a prophet?
Are you a psychologist?
Are you a pupil?
Are you a quick study?
Are you a rabbi?
Are you a racist person?
Are you a racist?
Are you a rapper?
Are you a real blonde, too?
Are you a real blonde?
Are you a real boy scout?
Are you a real cop?
Are you a real cowboy?
Are you a real doctor?
Are you a real nurse?
Are you a real policeman?
Are you a real redhead?
Are you a reasonable man?
Are you a reasonable person?
Are you a red wine drinker?
Are you a red wine fan?
Are you a red wine lover?
Are you a registered voter?
Are you a regular blood donor?
Are you a regular here?
Are you a regular?
Are you a relative of Tom's?
Are you a relative?
Are you a religious fanatic?
Are you a religious person?
Are you a reporter?
Are you a resident?
Are you a retiree?
Are you a rich man?
Are you a risk taker?
Are you a risk-taker?
Are you a robot?
Are you a rock climber?
Are you a rookie?
Are you a sadist?
Are you a safe driver?
Are you a sailor?
Are you a saver or a spender?
Are you a school pupil?
Are you a secretive person?
Are you a seismologist?
Are you a senior high school student?
Are you a senior or a junior?
Are you a shareholder?
Are you a singer?
Are you a skater?
Are you a skier?
Are you a sleepwalker?
Are you a smoker?
Are you a snowboarder?
Are you a socialist?
Are you a soldier?
Are you a songwriter?
Are you a sophomore?
Are you a soprano?
Are you a spirit?
Are you a spiritual person?
Are you a sports guy?
Are you a spy?
Are you a strong believer in Maoism?
Are you a strong person?
Are you a strong swimmer?
Are you a student here?
Are you a student of Japanese?
Are you a student of a private high school?
Are you a student or are you working?
Are you a student?
Are you a superhero?
Are you a supermodel?
Are you a superstitious person?
Are you a supervisor?
Are you a supporter of Mitt Romney or Barack Obama?
Are you a swimmer as well?
Are you a tax evader?
Are you a taxi driver?
Are you a teacher here or a student?
Are you a teacher here?
Are you a teacher or a student here?
Are you a teacher or a student?
Are you a teacher, Mary?
Are you a teacher?
Are you a teacher? — Yes, I am.
Are you a team player?
Are you a team?
Are you a teenager?
Are you a temp?
Are you a tenant or homeowner?
Are you a tenor?
Are you a thief?
Are you a thug?
Are you a tidy person?
Are you a total unbeliever or do you believe in Chance?
Are you a tourist, too?
Are you a tourist?
Are you a tower?
Are you a townie?
Are you a trainee?
Are you a translator?
Are you a trekkie?
Are you a trustworthy person?
Are you a tubist?
Are you a twin?
Are you a typical Canadian?
Are you a typist?
Are you a university graduate?
Are you a university student?
Are you a university student? Or do you work?
Are you a vampire?
Are you a vegan?
Are you a vegetarian?
Are you a very close friend of Tom's?
Are you a veteran?
Are you a violent person?
Are you a waiter?
Are you a walking dictionary?
Are you a web developer?
Are you a weight lifter?
Are you a widow?
Are you a widower?
Are you a wizard?
Are you a woman?
Are you a workaholic?
Are you a worrier?
Are you a wunderkind?
Are you a wuss?
Are you a yankee?
Are you able of swimming?
Are you able to afford the time for it?
Are you able to answer his question?
Are you able to assemble the table on your own?
Are you able to become a Muslim?
Are you able to buy a ticket after boarding the train?
Are you able to catch a ball with one hand?
Are you able to close the door?
Are you able to come here tomorrow?
Are you able to communicate well in French?
Are you able to convert miles to kilometers?
Are you able to convert pounds to kilograms?
Are you able to crouch?
Are you able to do butterfly knots skillfully?
Are you able to do it?
Are you able to do skilled butterfly knots?
Are you able to do that?
Are you able to fight?
Are you able to get this rare book for me?
Are you able to grant us a special discount of 5% for 50 sets of the product?
Are you able to hear this?
Are you able to help us at all?
Are you able to keep walking?
Are you able to move the table by yourself?
Are you able to play organ?
Are you able to play the flute?
Are you able to play the guitar?
Are you able to prove it?
Are you able to read a French newspaper?
Are you able to read in this language?
Are you able to read the book attentively?
Are you able to read these sort of characters?!
Are you able to read this book?
Are you able to solve it?
Are you able to speak French?
Are you able to speak Mandarin?
Are you able to speak more than two languages?
Are you able to squat?
Are you able to swim every day?
Are you able to swim well?
Are you able to swim?
Are you able to take long vacations?
Are you able to tell the difference between butter and margarine?
Are you able to travel a lot?
Are you able to type?
Are you able to understand Tom?
Are you able to walk with your eyes closed?
Are you about done?
Are you about ready?
Are you about to be a father?
Are you about to do it?
Are you about to do that?
Are you about to fire me?
Are you absolutely certain about this?
Are you absolutely certain that isn't going to happen?
Are you absolutely certain that that isn't going to happen?
Are you absolutely certain that that's not going to happen?
Are you absolutely certain that's not going to happen?
Are you absolutely certain we're safe?
Are you absolutely certain?
Are you absolutely positive you want to do this?
Are you absolutely positive?
Are you absolutely sure Tom and Mary have done that?
Are you absolutely sure Tom and Mary have to do that?
Are you absolutely sure Tom and Mary need to do that?
Are you absolutely sure Tom did that?
Are you absolutely sure Tom has died?
Are you absolutely sure Tom has done that?
Are you absolutely sure Tom has to do that?
Are you absolutely sure Tom needs to do that?
Are you absolutely sure Tom was the one who did that?
Are you absolutely sure Tom will do that?
Are you absolutely sure Tom won?
Are you absolutely sure about that?
Are you absolutely sure it was Tom who did that?
Are you absolutely sure it was Tom you saw doing that?
Are you absolutely sure no one followed you?
Are you absolutely sure of that?
Are you absolutely sure that Tom did that?
Are you absolutely sure that Tom has died?
Are you absolutely sure that Tom has to do that?
Are you absolutely sure that Tom was the one who did that?
Are you absolutely sure that Tom will do that?
Are you absolutely sure that isn't going to happen?
Are you absolutely sure that it was Tom you saw?
Are you absolutely sure that that isn't going to happen?
Are you absolutely sure that that's going to happen?
Are you absolutely sure that'll happen?
Are you absolutely sure that's going to happen?
Are you absolutely sure that's not going to happen?
Are you absolutely sure this is Tom's house?
Are you absolutely sure this will work?
Are you absolutely sure you want to drop out of school?
Are you absolutely sure you want to sell your father's guitar?
Are you absolutely sure?
Are you abstaining?
Are you accomplices?
Are you accomplishing your objectives?
Are you accusing Tom and Mary of being thieves?
Are you accusing Tom of being a thief?
Are you accusing Tom of sabotage?
Are you accusing Tom?
Are you accusing her?
Are you accusing him?
Are you accusing me as well?
Are you accusing me of being a liar?
Are you accusing me of being facetious?
Are you accusing me of cheating?
Are you accusing me of planting evidence?
Are you accusing me of something?
Are you accusing me of stealing?
Are you accusing me?
Are you accusing them?
Are you accusing us of price gouging?
Are you accusing us?
Are you acquaintances?
Are you acquainted with C++?
Are you acquainted with Visual Basic?
Are you acquainted with that man?
Are you acquainted with that person?
Are you acquainted with the man?
Are you acquainted?
Are you actors?
Are you actresses?
Are you actually going to do that?
Are you actually planning to do that?
Are you actually prepared to put your life on the line for the party?
Are you actually reading that book?
Are you actually serious?
Are you actually threatening me?
Are you addicted to towels?
Are you addicted?
Are you addicts?
Are you adopted?
Are you adopting these sentences in order to correct them?
Are you adventurous?
Are you affectionate?
Are you afraid of Tom too?
Are you afraid of Tom, too?
Are you afraid of Tom?
Are you afraid of a little girl?
Are you afraid of an open discourse with the students?
Are you afraid of any animals at the zoo?
Are you afraid of any emotions?
Are you afraid of bats?
Are you afraid of bees?
Are you afraid of being abandoned?
Are you afraid of being fired?
Are you afraid of blood?
Are you afraid of bugs?
Are you afraid of change?
Are you afraid of creepy stories?
Are you afraid of death?
Are you afraid of dogs?
Are you afraid of failure?
Are you afraid of getting hurt?
Are you afraid of getting lost in the forest?
Are you afraid of ghosts?
Are you afraid of girls, Tom?
Are you afraid of guns?
Are you afraid of heights?
Are you afraid of her?
Are you afraid of him?
Are you afraid of horror movies?
Are you afraid of horses?
Are you afraid of insects?
Are you afraid of it?
Are you afraid of losing your money?
Are you afraid of me?
Are you afraid of mice?
Are you afraid of pain?
Are you afraid of rats?
Are you afraid of rejection?
Are you afraid of silence?
Are you afraid of snakes?
Are you afraid of something?
Are you afraid of speaking Berber in public?
Are you afraid of spiders?
Are you afraid of that?
Are you afraid of the dark?
Are you afraid of the dog, or Tom?
Are you afraid of the future?
Are you afraid of the sea?
Are you afraid of the truth?
Are you afraid of them?
Are you afraid of thunder?
Are you afraid of thunderstorms?
Are you afraid of us?
Are you afraid of water?
Are you afraid that you won't win?
Are you afraid that you'll be left behind?
Are you afraid there was shrinkage?
Are you afraid to approach Tom? Don't be, then.
Are you afraid to be alone?
Are you afraid to die?
Are you afraid to do that?
Are you afraid to fail?
Are you afraid to go home?
Are you afraid to go there?
Are you afraid to go to sleep?
Are you afraid to jump?
Are you afraid to stand on the edge?
Are you afraid to tell Tom the truth?
Are you afraid you won't win?
Are you afraid you'll be left behind?
Are you afraid?
Are you after me or the gypsy?
Are you against abortion?
Are you against my plan?
Are you against recycling?
Are you against the plan?
Are you against them?
Are you agreeable to our plan?
Are you agreeable?
Are you ahead?
Are you alert?
Are you alive in there?
Are you alive?
Are you all Canadians?
Are you all Christians?
Are you all German?
Are you all OK with that?
Are you all Tom's friends?
Are you all agreed?
Are you all alive?
Are you all all right?
Are you all alone again?
Are you all alone in here?
Are you all alone?
Are you all beginners?
Are you all believers?
Are you all better now?
Are you all better?
Are you all brave?
Are you all brothers?
Are you all busy now, Tom?
Are you all by yourself?
Are you all caught up?
Are you all chicken?
Are you all chums?
Are you all cold?
Are you all coming back to visit me?
Are you all completely crazy?
Are you all confused?
Are you all cowards?
Are you all cozy in there?
Are you all cozy now?
Are you all cozy?
Are you all crazy here?
Are you all cured?
Are you all deaf?
Are you all doing well?
Are you all done changing?
Are you all done helping Tom?
Are you all done here?
Are you all done in there?
Are you all done now?
Are you all done packing up?
Are you all done packing?
Are you all done practicing?
Are you all done?
Are you all enjoying yourselves?
Are you all finished here?
Are you all friends of Tom's?
Are you all friends?
Are you all from Boston?
Are you all full?
Are you all fully prepared?
Are you all getting along?
Are you all getting hungry?
Are you all getting this?
Are you all going away?
Are you all going home?
Are you all going somewhere?
Are you all going to Boston?
Are you all going to look?
Are you all going to school?
Are you all guests?
Are you all happy here?
Are you all happy now?
Are you all happy right now?
Are you all happy?
Are you all having a fight?
Are you all having a party?
Are you all having fun together?
Are you all having fun?
Are you all here on vacation?
Are you all here together?
Are you all home?
Are you all homeless?
Are you all hot?
Are you all hungry?
Are you all illiterate?
Are you all imbeciles?
Are you all impressed?
Are you all in Berlin?
Are you all in line?
Are you all in position?
Are you all in the same class?
Are you all in this together?
Are you all insane?
Are you all jobless?
Are you all joking?
Are you all kidding me?
Are you all kidding?
Are you all learning Esperanto?
Are you all leaving now?
Are you all leaving today?
Are you all leaving with Tom?
Are you all leaving?
Are you all listening to me?
Are you all listening?
Are you all lost?
Are you all mad?
Are you all maniacs?
Are you all married?
Are you all men?
Are you all morons?
Are you all motivated now?
Are you all moved back in?
Are you all moved in now?
Are you all moved in?
Are you all moving away?
Are you all not eating?
Are you all nuts?
Are you all on drugs?
Are you all on holiday?
Are you all on the same team?
Are you all on vacation?
Are you all on your own?
Are you all out of your minds?
Are you all packed and ready?
Are you all paying attention?
Are you all pharmacists?
Are you all prepared for that?
Are you all prepared?
Are you all quitting?
Are you all ready for this?
Are you all ready for what's going to happen?
Are you all ready now?
Are you all ready to dance?
Are you all ready to fight?
Are you all ready to go hiking?
Are you all ready to leave?
Are you all ready to order?
Are you all ready to play?
Are you all ready?
Are you all right in there?
Are you all right now, Tom?
Are you all right now?
Are you all right or not?
Are you all right with this?
Are you all right, Tom?
Are you all right, mate?
Are you all right, mate? It's just you look a bit peaky.
Are you all right?
Are you all right? You look a little shaken.
Are you all safe and sound?
Are you all safe?
Are you all satisfied now?
Are you all satisfied?
Are you all scared?
Are you all scaredy cats?
Are you all schoolmates?
Are you all set for the trip?
Are you all set to go?
Are you all set to leave?
Are you all set, Tom?
Are you all set?
Are you all settled in now?
Are you all settled in?
Are you all sick?
Are you all sisters?
Are you all sitting down?
Are you all still OK with that?
Are you all still alone?
Are you all still arguing?
Are you all still cold?
Are you all still enjoying yourselves?
Are you all still home?
Are you all still in Boston?
Are you all still listening to me?
Are you all still mad?
Are you all still talking about me?
Are you all still there?
Are you all still together?
Are you all students?
Are you all studying hard?
Are you all stupid?
Are you all talking about Tom?
Are you all talking about me?
Are you all threatening me?
Are you all three brothers?
Are you all through now?
Are you all tired?
Are you all together?
Are you all truck drivers?
Are you all up for that?
Are you all waiting for Tom?
Are you all warmed up now?
Are you all warmed up?
Are you all watching this?
Are you all well?
Are you all women?
Are you all working hard?
Are you allergic to any drugs?
Are you allergic to any food?
Are you allergic to any foods?
Are you allergic to any medication?
Are you allergic to any medications?
Are you allergic to any medicine?
Are you allergic to any medicines?
Are you allergic to any meds?
Are you allergic to any of these ingredients?
Are you allergic to any plants?
Are you allergic to anything else?
Are you allergic to anything?
Are you allergic to cats?
Are you allergic to peanuts?
Are you allergic to this medicine?
Are you allergic to work?
Are you allowed to be here?
Are you allowed to bring notes to the exam?
Are you allowed to change it?
Are you allowed to do it?
Are you allowed to do that?
Are you allowed to do this?
Are you allowed to drink beer?
Are you allowed to drink champagne?
Are you allowed to fish here?
Are you allowed to go there?
Are you allowed to go?
Are you allowed to have pets?
Are you allowed to pay by cheque?
Are you allowed to say that?
Are you allowed to take photos?
Are you allowed to take pictures?
Are you allowed to use a dictionary in the exam?
Are you allowed up here?
Are you allowed?
Are you almost done getting ready?
Are you almost done here?
Are you almost done in there?
Are you almost done studying?
Are you almost done with that?
Are you almost done?
Are you almost finished here?
Are you almost finished with that?
Are you almost finished?
Are you almost here?
Are you almost ready?
Are you almost through?
Are you alone a lot?
Are you alone again today?
Are you alone at home now?
Are you alone at home?
Are you alone at the moment?
Are you alone here?
Are you alone in here?
Are you alone in the car?
Are you alone in the house?
Are you alone in the office?
Are you alone in the shop?
Are you alone in there?
Are you alone in your house?
Are you alone now?
Are you alone or with someone?
Are you alone right now?
Are you alone there?
Are you alone this evening?
Are you alone tonight?
Are you alone?
Are you already at home?
Are you already awake?
Are you already bored?
Are you already complaining?
Are you already done?
Are you already drunk?
Are you already eating?
Are you already feeling better?
Are you already finished?
Are you already going home?
Are you already going to leave?
Are you already home?
Are you already in Boston?
Are you already in Kyoto?
Are you already learning the international language Ido?
Are you already leaving us?
Are you already leaving?
Are you already married?
Are you already on the team?
Are you already on your way?
Are you already out of breath?
Are you already packed?
Are you already packing?
Are you already satisfied?
Are you already seeing somebody?
Are you already seeing someone else?
Are you already set up?
Are you already settled in?
Are you already sick of me?
Are you already sick of working?
Are you already there?
Are you already thinking of a replacement for Tom?
Are you already thinking of leaving?
Are you already tired of me?
Are you already tired?
Are you already vaccinated?
Are you already worn out?
Are you alright with this?
Are you alright?
Are you alright? You look a little shaken.
Are you also Canadians?
Are you also German?
Are you also Kurdish?
Are you also a Canadian?
Are you also a member of the organization?
Are you also able to speak French?
Are you also afraid of Tom?
Are you also afraid of getting sick?
Are you also from Boston?
Are you also from Kashgar?
Are you also going to be there?
Are you also interested in Greek culture?
Are you also interested in art?
Are you also interested in that?
Are you always at home in the evening?
Are you always at home of an evening?
Are you always busy?
Are you always closed on Mondays?
Are you always cold?
Are you always home at night?
Are you always home in the evenings?
Are you always like this?
Are you always ready to innovate?
Are you always so pale?
Are you always so pessimistic?
Are you always so skittish when meeting strangers?
Are you always speaking so much?
Are you always that busy?
Are you always this aggressive?
Are you always this charming?
Are you always this frank?
Are you always this quiet?
Are you always this stuck up?
Are you ambidextrous?
Are you ambitious?
Are you amused?
Are you an American or a European?
Are you an American?
Are you an Arab?
Are you an Esperantist?
Are you an Esperanto delegate?
Are you an FBI agent?
Are you an Uighur?
Are you an academic?
Are you an accountant?
Are you an active member of the union?
Are you an actor or a singer?
Are you an actor or not?
Are you an actor, too?
Are you an actor?
Are you an actress, too?
Are you an actress?
Are you an addict?
Are you an adult already?
Are you an adult now?
Are you an adult or a child?
Are you an adult?
Are you an afternoon person?
Are you an alcoholic?
Are you an alien?
Are you an ally or an enemy?
Are you an alto?
Are you an amateur, too?
Are you an amateur?
Are you an ambitious man?
Are you an anarchist?
Are you an angel?
Are you an animist?
Are you an apparition?
Are you an applicant, too?
Are you an applicant?
Are you an apprentice?
Are you an archaeologist?
Are you an archeologist?
Are you an architect?
Are you an art collector?
Are you an art dealer, too?
Are you an art dealer?
Are you an art lover?
Are you an art major?
Are you an art student?
Are you an artist as well?
Are you an artist or something?
Are you an artist yourself?
Are you an artist, as well?
Are you an artist, too?
Are you an artist?
Are you an aspiring actor?
Are you an aspiring writer?
Are you an associate here?
Are you an astrologer?
Are you an astronomer?
Are you an atheist?
Are you an athlete?
Are you an attentive mother?
Are you an attorney?
Are you an author?
Are you an avid reader?
Are you an early riser?
Are you an economist?
Are you an effective team?
Are you an electrician in a theater?
Are you an electrician?
Are you an elitist?
Are you an employee here?
Are you an engineer?
Are you an entertainer, too?
Are you an entertainer?
Are you an entrepreneur?
Are you an environmentalist?
Are you an evangelist?
Are you an exchange student?
Are you an executive here?
Are you an expectant mother?
Are you an expert at that?
Are you an expert now?
Are you an expert on this?
Are you an expert or not?
Are you an expert?
Are you an exterminator?
Are you an extraterrestrial?
Are you an extrovert or an introvert?
Are you an heir?
Are you an honest fellow?
Are you an honest man?
Are you an honest person?
Are you an honorable man?
Are you an idealist?
Are you an idiot or what?
Are you an idiot?
Are you an immigrant in this land?
Are you an immigrant?
Are you an imposter?
Are you an innkeeper?
Are you an inspector?
Are you an instructor?
Are you an intellectual?
Are you an interior decorator? Because when I saw you, the entire room became beautiful.
Are you an interior designer?
Are you an intern, too?
Are you an interpreter?
Are you an introvert man?
Are you an introvert or an extrovert?
Are you an inventor?
Are you an investigator?
Are you an investor?
Are you an observant Muslim?
Are you an officer?
Are you an only child as well?
Are you an only child, too?
Are you an only child?
Are you an opera fan?
Are you an optimist or a pessimist?
Are you an optimist?
Are you an orderly?
Are you an organ donor?
Are you an orphan, too?
Are you an orphan?
Are you an orthodox priest?
Are you an outcast?
Are you an outlaw, too?
Are you an uncle?
Are you an undercover cop?
Are you an undergraduate?
Are you an undertaker?
Are you an usher?
Are you analytical?
Are you and Anna planning on getting married?
Are you and Maria siblings?
Are you and Mary dating?
Are you and Mary sisters?
Are you and Mary still together?
Are you and Tom a couple?
Are you and Tom an item?
Are you and Tom back together?
Are you and Tom both bachelors?
Are you and Tom both baseball fans?
Are you and Tom both crazy?
Are you and Tom both drunk?
Are you and Tom both from Australia?
Are you and Tom both from Boston?
Are you and Tom brother and sister?
Are you and Tom brothers?
Are you and Tom close?
Are you and Tom coming to the party tonight?
Are you and Tom coming to the party?
Are you and Tom coming tomorrow?
Are you and Tom dating or something?
Are you and Tom dating?
Are you and Tom enemies?
Are you and Tom fighting?
Are you and Tom friends?
Are you and Tom getting back together?
Are you and Tom going out tonight?
Are you and Tom going out?
Are you and Tom going to get married?
Are you and Tom going to see each other tomorrow?
Are you and Tom going to the party tonight?
Are you and Tom good partners?
Are you and Tom in the same class?
Are you and Tom leaving together?
Are you and Tom planning on doing that?
Are you and Tom planning on getting married anytime soon?
Are you and Tom planning on getting married?
Are you and Tom planning to do that?
Are you and Tom planning to get married soon?
Are you and Tom really getting married?
Are you and Tom really going to get married?
Are you and Tom siblings?
Are you and Tom still dating each other?
Are you and Tom still dating?
Are you and Tom still friends?
Are you and Tom still not talking to each other?
Are you and Tom still planning on doing that?
Are you and Tom still planning to do that?
Are you and Tom still together?
Are you and Tom together now?
Are you and Tom together?
Are you and Tom working together?
Are you and Tom...?
Are you and your family prepared for emergencies?
Are you and your sister close?
Are you angry about something?
Are you angry at Tom?
Are you angry at him?
Are you angry at me?
Are you angry at what I said?
Are you angry because of what I said?
Are you angry right now?
Are you angry with Tom?
Are you angry with her?
Are you angry with him?
Are you angry with me about what we did?
Are you angry with me?
Are you angry with them?
Are you angry, father? I didn't mean to piss you off.
Are you angry?
Are you annoyed by that?
Are you annoyed by this?
Are you annoyed?
Are you anxious?
Are you any good at basket weaving?
Are you any good at chess?
Are you any good at ice skating?
Are you any good at making signage?
Are you apologizing?
Are you applying?
Are you appreciated?
Are you apprehensive?
Are you approaching me?
Are you armed?
Are you arresting me for domestic violence? Come on, guys!
Are you arriving at ten in the morning, or ten in the evening?
Are you artistic?
Are you as bored as I am?
Are you as drunk as I am?
Are you as excited as Tom and I are?
Are you as excited as we are?
Are you as hungry as I am?
Are you as queer as I am?
Are you as shook up as the most famous singer the world knows?
Are you as stupid as you sound?
Are you as tall as me?
Are you as tired as I am?
Are you as uptight as Tom?
Are you ashamed of Tom?
Are you ashamed of me?
Are you asking for my help?
Are you asking him if he has time to attend, Thursday at two in the afternoon?
Are you asking me for help?
Are you asking me for something?
Are you asking me on a date?
Are you asking me or telling me?
Are you asking me out on a date?
Are you asking me out?
Are you asking me to drive?
Are you asking me to leave?
Are you asking me to lie?
Are you asking me to marry you?
Are you asking me to resign?
Are you asking me to stay?
Are you asking my opinion?
Are you asking that seriously?
Are you asking us to give you back the money?
Are you asking us to go to Australia with you?
Are you asking us to go to Boston with you?
Are you asleep?
Are you assassins?
Are you astonished?
Are you at Granny's?
Are you at Nan's?
Are you at Tom's place?
Are you at Tom's?
Are you at a party?
Are you at home all afternoon?
Are you at home from work today?
Are you at home most of the day?
Are you at home next weekend?
Are you at home now?
Are you at home tomorrow afternoon?
Are you at home, too?
Are you at home?
Are you at liberty to talk?
Are you at odds with Boolean algebra?
Are you at the library?
Are you at work?
Are you athletic?
Are you attempting to bribe me?
Are you attending the music festival?
Are you attending?
Are you attentive?
Are you attracted to Tom?
Are you attracted to her?
Are you attracted to him?
Are you attracted to me?
Are you auditioning?
Are you authorized to act as her proxy?
Are you available next week for a follow-up interview?
Are you available next week for a meeting?
Are you available on Friday?
Are you available to start this afternoon?
Are you available to work tomorrow?
Are you available tomorrow?
Are you available tonight?
Are you available?
Are you avoiding me?
Are you awake enough to do this?
Are you awake for a particular reason?
Are you awake now?
Are you awake yet?
Are you awake?
Are you aware of Tom's situation?
Are you aware of any allergies you have?
Are you aware of any problems?
Are you aware of anyone who would want to harm Tom?
Are you aware of anything concerning his past life?
Are you aware of how much money your son has been spending?
Are you aware of how much she loves you?
Are you aware of how much time Tom has been spending with Mary?
Are you aware of it?
Are you aware of the death rate?
Are you aware of the fact that you are not spoken well of?
Are you aware of the importance of preserving forests?
Are you aware of the link between tobacco smoke and lung cancer?
Are you aware of the risks?
Are you aware of the situation?
Are you aware of the terms?
Are you aware of the time, Love?
Are you aware of their indie work?
Are you aware of what might happen?
Are you aware of what's happened?
Are you aware of what's happening?
Are you aware of your origin?
Are you aware that I totally disagree with you about that?
Are you aware that Okinawa is closer to China than to Honshu?
Are you aware that Tom and Mary don't like you?
Are you aware that Tom doesn't like you?
Are you aware that Tom was seeing Mary?
Are you aware that you might be condemned to death?
Are you aware that you're being a nuisance?
Are you aware that your car is parked in a no-parking zone?
Are you aware that your husband had a visitor last night?
Are you aware the trial begins tomorrow?
Are you aware you're being named in a lawsuit against the federal government?
Are you aware your car is parked in a no-parking zone?
Are you bachelors?
Are you back already?
Are you back from Japan?
Are you back from Tibet?
Are you back home now?
Are you back in Taipei now?
Are you back to stay?
Are you backing out already?
Are you bad at Boolean algebra?
Are you bad?
Are you badly hurt?
Are you bailing on me?
Are you bald?
Are you bananas?
Are you based in Boston?
Are you bashful?
Are you basing this on something you saw on TV?
Are you bathing the baby?
Are you begging?
Are you beginners?
Are you beginning to get the picture?
Are you behaving yourselves today?
Are you behind all of this?
Are you being bitten by mosquitoes?
Are you being coerced?
Are you being followed?
Are you being funny?
Are you being held hostage?
Are you being honest with us?
Are you being humble?
Are you being paid for doing this?
Are you being paid to do this?
Are you being punished?
Are you being sarcastic?
Are you being serious right now?
Are you being serious?
Are you being served, sir?
Are you being served?
Are you being truthful?
Are you being undermined by your boss?
Are you being unfaithful to Sami?
Are you being waited on?
Are you being well paid?
Are you better at cooking steak or cooking eggs?
Are you better at playing baseball or playing volleyball?
Are you better at speaking French or speaking English?
Are you better now?
Are you betting on the match?
Are you biased?
Are you bidding?
Are you bilingual in French?
Are you bilingual?
Are you billing me this time?
Are you bipolar?
Are you bitter because you're lonely, or lonely because you're bitter?
Are you bitter?
Are you blackmailing me, Ziri?
Are you blackmailing me?
Are you blaming me for your infidelity?
Are you blaming me for your lack of success?
Are you blaming me?
Are you bleeding?
Are you blind or something? Can't you see where you're going?
Are you blind?
Are you blind? The answer is just right there!
Are you blindfolded?
Are you blowing me off?
Are you bluffing?
Are you blushing?
Are you booked for tomorrow?
Are you bored here?
Are you bored right now?
Are you bored yet?
Are you bored?
Are you bored? If so, you can watch TV if you like.
Are you boring? Sorry, are you bored?
Are you borrowing money from financial institutions?
Are you both Canadians?
Are you both bachelors?
Are you both busy at the moment?
Are you both crazy?
Are you both drunk?
Are you both going to Australia?
Are you both going to Boston?
Are you both ready to go?
Are you both ready?
Are you both travelling together?
Are you bothered by this?
Are you boys hungry?
Are you boys tired?
Are you brave?
Are you breaking everything?
Are you breaking out?
Are you breaking up with Tom?
Are you breaking up with me?
Are you breaking up with me? How could you leave me when I'm in so much trouble?
Are you breaking up?
Are you breast-feeding?
Are you breastfeeding your child?
Are you breathing a sigh of relief?
Are you breathing?
Are you brewing beer?
Are you bright eyed and bushy tailed this morning?
Are you bringing Tom?
Are you bringing anybody?
Are you bringing anyone tomorrow?
Are you bringing anyone?
Are you bringing anything to drink?
Are you bringing anything to eat?
Are you bringing anything to read?
Are you bringing anything?
Are you bringing the whole family?
Are you bringing your camera?
Are you bringing your guitar?
Are you broad-minded?
Are you broke?
Are you brother and sister?
Are you brothers?
Are you bruised?
Are you brushing your teeth properly?
Are you buddies?
Are you bushed?
Are you busy Friday night?
Are you busy Monday night?
Are you busy at the moment?
Are you busy at work?
Are you busy doing something?
Are you busy here?
Are you busy now, Tom?
Are you busy now?
Are you busy on Monday?
Are you busy on Sunday afternoon?
Are you busy on Thursday?
Are you busy right now?
Are you busy these days?
Are you busy this afternoon?
Are you busy this coming Monday?
Are you busy this evening?
Are you busy this week?
Are you busy this weekend?
Are you busy today?
Are you busy tomorrow afternoon?
Are you busy tomorrow morning?
Are you busy tomorrow night?
Are you busy tomorrow?
Are you busy tonight?
Are you busy, Tom?
Are you busy, Ziri?
Are you busy?
Are you butchers?
Are you buying abalone?
Are you buying fish?
Are you buying into this?
Are you buying it?
Are you buying or are you selling?
Are you buying or selling?
Are you buying rice?
Are you buying something?
Are you buying that car?
Are you buying that theory?
Are you buying?
Are you by yourself a lot?
Are you by yourself again today?
Are you by yourself or with someone?
Are you by yourself right now?
Are you by yourself?
Are you by yourselves?
Are you called Anna?
Are you called Carmen?
Are you called Tom?
Are you calling Dad a liar?
Are you calling from Australia?
Are you calling from Germany?
Are you calling from the airport?
Are you calling from the hotel?
Are you calling from the office?
Are you calling from the station?
Are you calling it a night?
Are you calling me a commie?
Are you calling me a coward?
Are you calling me a liar?
Are you calling me a thief?
Are you calling me an extremist?
Are you calling me an idiot?
Are you calling me fat?
Are you calling me stupid?
Are you calling my eligibility into question?
Are you calling your father a liar?
Are you campaigning?
Are you canceling the concert?
Are you capable of answering her question?
Are you capable of answering his question?
Are you capable of doing that?
Are you capable of swimming?
Are you capable of that?
Are you careful?
Are you careless?
Are you carrying a gun?
Are you carrying a lot of money?
Are you carrying?
Are you celebrating Christmas?
Are you celebrating something?
Are you celebrating your 50th birthday?
Are you certain Tom and Mary are going to do that?
Are you certain Tom and Mary are telling the truth?
Are you certain Tom and Mary are the ones?
Are you certain Tom and Mary were the ones who did that?
Are you certain Tom and Mary weren't the ones who did that?
Are you certain Tom ate?
Are you certain Tom can do that?
Are you certain Tom can swim?
Are you certain Tom can take care of himself?
Are you certain Tom cheated?
Are you certain Tom did that?
Are you certain Tom didn't do that?
Are you certain Tom didn't win?
Are you certain Tom is OK?
Are you certain Tom is going to do that?
Are you certain Tom is going to win?
Are you certain Tom is telling the truth?
Are you certain Tom is the one?
Are you certain Tom was the one who did that?
Are you certain Tom wasn't the one who did that?
Are you certain Tom will do that?
Are you certain Tom will win?
Are you certain about that?
Are you certain about this?
Are you certain about this? Absolutely certain?
Are you certain about your decision?
Are you certain he's not just a little shy?
Are you certain it was Tom who did that?
Are you certain it was Tom who showed Mary how to do that?
Are you certain it was Tom who taught Mary how to do that?
Are you certain it was Tom who taught Mary how to drive?
Are you certain it was Tom who told Mary that?
Are you certain it was Tom who told Mary to do that?
Are you certain it was Tom you saw doing that?
Are you certain it was an accident?
Are you certain it's him?
Are you certain nobody followed you?
Are you certain of that?
Are you certain such a thing can be done?
Are you certain that Mary can take care of herself?
Are you certain that Tom and Mary can take care of themselves?
Are you certain that Tom ate?
Are you certain that Tom can do that?
Are you certain that Tom can swim?
Are you certain that Tom can take care of himself?
Are you certain that Tom cheated?
Are you certain that Tom did that?
Are you certain that Tom will do that?
Are you certain that it was Tom who did that?
Are you certain that it was Tom who told Mary that?
Are you certain that it was Tom who told Mary to do that?
Are you certain that it was Tom you saw doing that?
Are you certain that it would be for the benefit of your children?
Are you certain that that's what you want?
Are you certain that you can do that?
Are you certain that you closed the door?
Are you certain that you locked the door?
Are you certain that you lost your book, or did you merely misplace it?
Are you certain that's what you want?
Are you certain this is what you want?
Are you certain we've run out of tea?
Are you certain you can do that?
Are you certain you closed the door?
Are you certain you locked the door?
Are you certain you've made the right decision?
Are you certain?
Are you certified?
Are you challenging my authority?
Are you changing?
Are you chaperoning?
Are you chapulling?
Are you charging me this time?
Are you cheating on Elias?
Are you cheating on me?
Are you cheating?
Are you checking any bags?
Are you chicken, Tom?
Are you chicken?
Are you children all right?
Are you children tired?
Are you children?
Are you chilly?
Are you choking?
Are you choosing not to answer me?
Are you circumcised?
Are you clairvoyant?
Are you claustrophobic, too?
Are you claustrophobic?
Are you cleaning?
Are you clever?
Are you clients?
Are you close to Tom?
Are you close to him?
Are you close to your brother?
Are you close to your family?
Are you close to your parents?
Are you close to your sister?
Are you close?
Are you closer to your mother or to your father?
Are you clowns?
Are you clumsy?
Are you coffeeable this afternoon?
Are you cold?
Are you cold? Come to my arms, I'll warm you up.
Are you cold? Have some hot tea.
Are you cold? Here, take my coat.
Are you cold? Let me give you a hug. I'll soon warm you up.
Are you cold? Put another jumper on.
Are you cold? Slip another jumper on.
Are you collaborating with Tom?
Are you collaborators?
Are you colleagues?
Are you collectors?
Are you color blind?
Are you colorblind?
Are you comedians?
Are you comfortable in that chair?
Are you comfortable in your own skin?
Are you comfortable like this?
Are you comfortable lying on a beach towel?
Are you comfortable there?
Are you comfortable wearing that hat?
Are you comfortable with flexible work hours?
Are you comfortable with that, Tom?
Are you comfortable with the idea of being tied?
Are you comfortable with this?
Are you comfortable working in a fast-paced startup?
Are you comfortable working on client presentations?
Are you comfortable working with cross-functional teams?
Are you comfortable working with deadlines?
Are you comfortable working with diverse clients?
Are you comfortable?
Are you comfy?
Are you coming alone or with someone else?
Are you coming alone?
Are you coming along with us?
Are you coming along?
Are you coming at six or at seven?
Are you coming back for me?
Are you coming back home soon?
Are you coming back in?
Are you coming back on Tuesday?
Are you coming back to Algeria?
Are you coming back to me?
Are you coming back tomorrow?
Are you coming back tonight?
Are you coming back?
Are you coming by tomorrow?
Are you coming down?
Are you coming early?
Are you coming from Rome?
Are you coming from your workplace?
Are you coming here tomorrow?
Are you coming home for Christmas?
Are you coming home for dinner tonight?
Are you coming home soon?
Are you coming home tonight?
Are you coming in or not?
Are you coming in, or are you going to stand outside all day?
Are you coming in, or are you going to stand there all day?
Are you coming in?
Are you coming next week?
Are you coming on Monday?
Are you coming on Saturday?
Are you coming on Skype or do you prefer to translate sentences on Tatoeba?
Are you coming or are you staying?
Are you coming or do you prefer to stay in the shop?
Are you coming or not?
Are you coming or what?
Are you coming outside?
Are you coming over on Monday?
Are you coming round mine for some doughnuts?
Are you coming shopping with me?
Are you coming shopping with us?
Are you coming shopping?
Are you coming soon?
Are you coming this evening?
Are you coming this week?
Are you coming this weekend?
Are you coming to Algeria?
Are you coming to Australia this weekend?
Are you coming to Australia?
Are you coming to Boston this weekend?
Are you coming to Brazil?
Are you coming to Mary's Halloween party?
Are you coming to Rio for the Olympics?
Are you coming to Tom's Halloween party?
Are you coming to bed, or should I come get you?
Are you coming to dinner?
Are you coming to eat pancakes at my house?
Are you coming to lunch tomorrow?
Are you coming to my concert?
Are you coming to my house next Sunday?
Are you coming to my party tomorrow?
Are you coming to my party?
Are you coming to my recital tomorrow?
Are you coming to our house, Sarah?
Are you coming to pick me up tomorrow morning?
Are you coming to pick me up?
Are you coming to see me off at the station?
Are you coming to see me?
Are you coming to the Halloween party?
Are you coming to the celebration?
Are you coming to the cinema with us tomorrow?
Are you coming to the concert tonight?
Are you coming to the concert with me?
Are you coming to the event on Friday?
Are you coming to the meeting tomorrow?
Are you coming to the party or not?
Are you coming to the party tomorrow?
Are you coming to the party tonight?
Are you coming to the party?
Are you coming to the pub with us?
Are you coming to the river with me?
Are you coming to the shop with me?
Are you coming to the store with me?
Are you coming to the swimming pool?
Are you coming today?
Are you coming tomorrow?
Are you coming tonight?
Are you coming up?
Are you coming willingly, or do I have to apprehend you?
Are you coming willingly, or do we have to detain you?
Are you coming with me or not?
Are you coming with me to the movie theater?
Are you coming with me to the shop?
Are you coming with me?
Are you coming with us?
Are you coming with you today!
Are you coming with?
Are you coming, Tom?
Are you coming, too?
Are you coming?
Are you coming? The food's getting cold.
Are you coming? Your food's getting cold!
Are you committed to learning from failure?
Are you committed to your creative vision?
Are you committed to your dreams?
Are you committed?
Are you communicating effectively?
Are you communists?
Are you compatible?
Are you competent?
Are you competing with Tom?
Are you competing?
Are you competitive?
Are you complaining or bragging?
Are you complaining?
Are you completely crazy?
Are you completely mad?
Are you completely out of your mind?
Are you completely satisfied when doing nothing?
Are you completely sure it was yesterday?
Are you completely through with your homework?
Are you composing something new?
Are you concentrating?
Are you concerned about swine flu?
Are you concerned about water consumption?
Are you concerned about your parents' reaction to our age difference?
Are you concerned with politics?
Are you concerned?
Are you confessing?
Are you confident about the exam?
Are you confident about the test?
Are you confident in the outcome?
Are you confident in who you are?
Are you confident that you can do that?
Are you confident that you're doing well on the job so far?
Are you confident?
Are you confrontational?
Are you confused now?
Are you confused yet?
Are you confused?
Are you connected to the internet?
Are you connected?
Are you conscientious?
Are you consciously aware of the potential benefits or rewards that you believe come from acting this way?
Are you conservative?
Are you considerate?
Are you contagious?
Are you content with your position in the company?
Are you content with your present salary?
Are you content?
Are you contented?
Are you convinced Tom and Mary were the ones who did that?
Are you convinced Tom was the one who did that?
Are you convinced Tom will do that?
Are you convinced it's economical?
Are you convinced it's him?
Are you convinced that Tom will do that?
Are you convinced that this is the right thing to do?
Are you convinced this is the right thing to do?
Are you convinced yet?
Are you convinced?
Are you cooking broccoli?
Are you cooking something?
Are you cooking tonight?
Are you cooking?
Are you cool with that?
Are you cooperating?
Are you cops?
Are you copying and pasting these from somewhere?
Are you correct?
Are you coughing blood? That's not good.
Are you coughing?
Are you counting your chickens before they are hatched?
Are you courageous?
Are you cousins?
Are you covered by insurance?
Are you cowards?
Are you craving chocolate ice cream right now?
Are you crazy or just stupid?
Are you crazy or something?
Are you crazy or what's wrong with you?
Are you crazy or what?
Are you crazy, or what?
Are you crazy?
Are you crazy? I'm not able to swim across the river!
Are you crazy? I’m not able to swim across the river!
Are you crazy? Never sneak up on a former Navy Seal!
Are you crazy? You don't do as I say. You act improperly and according to your own will. You know how dear you are to me, don't you? I absolutely don't like seeing you in this condition.
Are you crazy? You're gonna get killed!
Are you crazy?!
Are you creating for us a future world where there is a greater danger of skin cancer, weakened bodies, less food and fewer plants and animals?
Are you creeping up on me?
Are you criminals?
Are you criticized by your boss?
Are you cross about something?
Are you cross now?
Are you cross with me?
Are you cross with us?
Are you cross?
Are you crowded?
Are you crying too?
Are you crying, sweetie?
Are you crying?
Are you cultivating a curious mindset?
Are you cured?
Are you curious about it?
Are you curious?
Are you currently registered to vote?
Are you currently saving for retirement?
Are you currently taking any kind of medication?
Are you currently taking any medication?
Are you currently using any medication?
Are you cut?
Are you daft?
Are you dancers?
Are you dancing?
Are you dangerous?
Are you dating Tom again?
Are you dating Tom?
Are you dating another guy?
Are you dating anybody?
Are you dating anyone now?
Are you dating anyone?
Are you dating her?
Are you dating him?
Are you dating?
Are you daydreaming?
Are you dead certain that you can do it?
Are you dead?
Are you deaf or mute?
Are you deaf or something?
Are you deaf or stupid?
Are you deaf or what?
Are you deaf?
Are you deaf? It's the third time I've asked you to come to the table!
Are you dealing with a difficult co-worker?
Are you dealing with difficult people at work?
Are you dealing with negative workplace politics?
Are you decent?
Are you decorating?
Are you defending her?
Are you defending him?
Are you deferring your college admission?
Are you delaying publication of the information on purpose?
Are you deleting the comments?
Are you deliberately delaying publication of the information?
Are you deluded?
Are you delusional?
Are you demanding?
Are you dependable?
Are you depositing or cashing this check?
Are you depressed, Tom?
Are you depressed?
Are you deranged?
Are you deserters?
Are you deserting?
Are you desperate for company?
Are you desperate?
Are you detectives?
Are you determined to do that?
Are you determined to do this?
Are you determined to get a tattoo?
Are you determined to go there?
Are you devastated?
Are you devout?
Are you diabetic?
Are you dieting?
Are you different?
Are you diligent?
Are you dining alone?
Are you diplomats?
Are you dipping?
Are you directing?
Are you disabled?
Are you disappointed?
Are you disciplined?
Are you discontented?
Are you discouraged?
Are you discreet?
Are you discriminating?
Are you disgusted?
Are you disheartened?
Are you dishonest?
Are you disillusioned?
Are you disloyal?
Are you disobeying?
Are you disrespectful?
Are you dissatisfied with our decision?
Are you dissatisfied?
Are you distracted?
Are you disturbed by the way I live?
Are you divorced?
Are you dizzy?
Are you doctors?
Are you doing OK in school?
Are you doing OK?
Are you doing a special thing?
Are you doing all right?
Are you doing any food?
Are you doing anything after this?
Are you doing anything differently?
Are you doing anything exciting tomorrow?
Are you doing anything for Halloween?
Are you doing anything for Thanksgiving?
Are you doing anything in particular tonight?
Are you doing anything right now?
Are you doing anything special for Halloween?
Are you doing anything special for New Year's Eve?
Are you doing anything special this evening?
Are you doing anything special this weekend?
Are you doing anything special?
Are you doing anything tomorrow afternoon?
Are you doing anything tomorrow night?
Are you doing anything tomorrow?
Are you doing anything tonight?
Are you doing anything?
Are you doing fine?
Are you doing good?
Are you doing something differently?
Are you doing something special on your birthday?
Are you doing that by yourself?
Are you doing that by yourselves?
Are you doing that for me?
Are you doing that just to annoy me?
Are you doing that on purpose?
Are you doing that right now?
Are you doing that to them just because they're Muslim?
Are you doing the right thing?
Are you doing this for me?
Are you doing this for money?
Are you doing this on purpose?
Are you doing well at school and what about your grades?
Are you doing well?
Are you doing what I think you're doing?
Are you doing what you ought to be doing?
Are you doing what you think is right?
Are you doing what you want to do?
Are you doing what you're supposed to be doing?
Are you doing your homework?
Are you domineering?
Are you done beating yourself up?
Are you done complaining?
Are you done looking?
Are you done now?
Are you done peeing?
Are you done talking?
Are you done upstairs?
Are you done using the table?
Are you done washing your hands?
Are you done with Tom?
Are you done with that magazine?
Are you done with that?
Are you done with the book yet?
Are you done with the paper?
Are you done with these scissors?
Are you done with this?
Are you done with work?
Are you done with your homework yet?
Are you done with your homework?
Are you done with your work?
Are you done wrapping gifts yet?
Are you done yet?
Are you done, Tom?
Are you done?
Are you done? she said, as I had but started.
Are you doubting our relationship?
Are you down there?
Are you downstairs?
Are you drawing?
Are you dreading this as much as I am?
Are you dreading this?
Are you dreaming?
Are you dressed?
Are you dressmakers?
Are you drinking alone?
Are you drinking coffee with sugar?
Are you drinking coffee?
Are you drinking enough water?
Are you drinking enough?
Are you drinking green tea?
Are you drinking milk?
Are you drinking ouzo or pastis?
Are you drinking water?
Are you drinking what we're drinking?
Are you drinking wine?
Are you drinking with me?
Are you drinking?
Are you driven by your curiosity?
Are you driven by your passion?
Are you driven?
Are you driving me out of my home?
Are you driving to Belgium?
Are you driving to Boston?
Are you driving to Buxlifa?
Are you driving tonight?
Are you driving, or am I?
Are you driving, or shall I?
Are you driving?
Are you drowning?
Are you drowsy?
Are you drunk again?
Are you drunk enough to speak German once again?
Are you drunk or something?
Are you drunk yet?
Are you drunk?
Are you drunk? Don't drive!
Are you drunk? Don't drive.
Are you dumb?
Are you dying?
Are you dyslexic?
Are you eager to do that?
Are you early?
Are you easily frustrated?
Are you easy-going?
Are you eating it with a spoon or a fork?
Are you eating lunch?
Are you eating pizza?
Are you eating right and exercising?
Are you eating right?
Are you eating the cheesecake without me?
Are you eavesdropping?
Are you eccentric?
Are you educated?
Are you effective?
Are you efficient?
Are you egotistical?
Are you eligible to vote?
Are you eligible?
Are you emancipated?
Are you embarrassed of our love?
Are you embarrassed to be seen with me?
Are you embarrassed?
Are you embracing change?
Are you employed here?
Are you employed?
Are you enemies?
Are you energetic?
Are you engaged for tomorrow?
Are you engaged?
Are you enjoying good health?
Are you enjoying it?
Are you enjoying the city?
Are you enjoying the evening?
Are you enjoying the holidays?
Are you enjoying the movie?
Are you enjoying the party?
Are you enjoying the play?
Are you enjoying the view?
Are you enjoying this?
Are you enjoying your holiday?
Are you enjoying your school lunch?
Are you enjoying your stay here?
Are you enjoying your trip?
Are you enjoying your vacation?
Are you enjoying your weekend?
Are you enjoying yourself?
Are you enjoying yourselves?
Are you enrolled?
Are you enterprising?
Are you enthusiastic?
Are you envious?
Are you epileptic?
Are you essential?
Are you evacuating?
Are you even aware whose daughter I am?
Are you even aware whose son I am?
Are you even listening to me?
Are you even trying?
Are you ever alone?
Are you ever coming back?
Are you ever going to ask Mary out?
Are you ever going to ask her out?
Are you ever going to do that again?
Are you ever going to fess up about cheating on your boyfriend?
Are you ever going to get married again?
Are you ever going to tell me how you did that?
Are you ever going to tell me what happened that night?
Are you ever going to tell me?
Are you ever going to wear these boots again?
Are you ever happy?
Are you ever late for class?
Are you ever serious?
Are you ever wrong?
Are you exaggerating?
Are you excited about Christmas?
Are you excited about Halloween?
Are you excited about being in Italy for the first time?
Are you excited about first dates or do they make you nervous?
Are you excited about going back to school?
Are you excited about the Eurovision Song Contest?
Are you excited about the party this weekend?
Are you excited about the picnic?
Are you excited about the test?
Are you excited about the upcoming trip?
Are you excited about tomorrow?
Are you excited to go to the zoo?
Are you excited?
Are you exempt?
Are you exercising?
Are you exhausted?
Are you expected?
Are you expecting Tom?
Are you expecting a good harvest this year?
Are you expecting any visitors?
Are you expecting anybody?
Are you expecting anyone?
Are you expecting guests?
Are you expecting her?
Are you expecting him?
Are you expecting me to help you?
Are you expecting somebody?
Are you expecting someone?
Are you expecting something to happen?
Are you expecting them?
Are you expecting to buy a new printer?
Are you expecting to have the problem fixed soon?
Are you expecting visitors?
Are you expecting?
Are you experienced?
Are you experiencing any discomfort?
Are you experiencing any health problems?
Are you experiencing any pain?
Are you experiencing any pains?
Are you experiencing tooth pain?
Are you explicitly looking for native French speakers, or do you also accept non-native fluent speakers?
Are you extroverted?
Are you facing discrimination in the workplace?
Are you fair?
Are you faithful?
Are you falling asleep?
Are you falling for Tom?
Are you falling for her?
Are you falling for him?
Are you falling for me?
Are you falling in love with Tom?
Are you falling in love with me?
Are you familiar with "Muzzy in Gondoland"?
Are you familiar with agile work methodologies?
Are you familiar with ionizing radiation?
Are you familiar with project management tools?
Are you familiar with quality control processes?
Are you familiar with sign language?
Are you familiar with supply chain management?
Are you familiar with that person?
Are you familiar with that writing style?
Are you familiar with that?
Are you familiar with the company's work culture?
Are you familiar with the history of your country?
Are you familiar with the new song yet?
Are you familiar with the periodic table of chemical elements?
Are you familiar with the political system of your country?
Are you familiar with the rules of football?
Are you familiar with the rules of soccer?
Are you familiar with the word "thanks"?
Are you familiar with this area?
Are you familiar with this deceased person?
Are you familiar with this line of work?
Are you familiar with this neighbourhood?
Are you familiar with this writing?
Are you familiar with this?
Are you famous?
Are you far away?
Are you fascists?
Are you fast enough?
Are you fasting?
Are you fat?
Are you fed up of desserts?
Are you fed up with queuing?
Are you feeling OK today?
Are you feeling OK?
Are you feeling a little better now?
Are you feeling adventurous today?
Are you feeling adventurous?
Are you feeling all right now, Tom?
Are you feeling all right today?
Are you feeling all right?
Are you feeling any better now?
Are you feeling any better this morning?
Are you feeling any better today?
Are you feeling any better?
Are you feeling any discomfort?
Are you feeling bad?
Are you feeling better now?
Are you feeling better since you fell?
Are you feeling better today?
Are you feeling better, Tom?
Are you feeling better?
Are you feeling confident now?
Are you feeling confident?
Are you feeling crazy?
Are you feeling depressed?
Are you feeling energized?
Are you feeling faint?
Are you feeling frustrated about not being able to drive?
Are you feeling giddy?
Are you feeling good about yourself?
Are you feeling insecure?
Are you feeling lighter in your head?
Are you feeling lonely?
Are you feeling lucky?
Are you feeling more relaxed?
Are you feeling nauseated?
Are you feeling okay today?
Are you feeling okay, Lorenzo?
Are you feeling okay?
Are you feeling pangs of conscience or pangs of hunger?
Are you feeling sad, lonely and abandoned?
Are you feeling sick?
Are you feeling suicidal?
Are you feeling the pinch?
Are you feeling tired?
Are you feeling under the weather?
Are you feeling up to it?
Are you feeling warm enough?
Are you feeling well?
Are you feeling what I'm feeling?
Are you feminists?
Are you feverish?
Are you fighting?
Are you filming?
Are you finally done running away?
Are you finally done with your work?
Are you finding anything you were looking for?
Are you fine being alone?
Are you fine, Ziri?
Are you fine?
Are you finicky?
Are you finished for the day?
Are you finished here?
Are you finished reading the newspaper?
Are you finished reading the paper?
Are you finished reading this magazine?
Are you finished washing your hands?
Are you finished with me?
Are you finished with that magazine?
Are you finished with the paper?
Are you finished with these?
Are you finished with this book?
Are you finished with this?
Are you finished with your plate?
Are you finished with your work?
Are you finished yet?
Are you finished?
Are you firing me?
Are you fishing?
Are you fit?
Are you flexible?
Are you flirting with her?
Are you flirting with him?
Are you flirting with me?
Are you fluent in Finnish?
Are you fluent in French?
Are you fluent in German?
Are you fluent in Spanish?
Are you fluent?
Are you flush?
Are you flustered?
Are you focused on long-term success?
Are you focused on personal growth?
Are you focused on your personal growth?
Are you focused?
Are you focusing?
Are you folks Catholic?
Are you following a balanced diet?
Are you following all this?
Are you following me, Ziri?
Are you following me?
Are you following my reasoning?
Are you following the World Cup?
Are you following us?
Are you following what I'm saying?
Are you fond of Maltese dogs?
Are you fond of baseball?
Are you fond of fishing?
Are you fond of golf?
Are you fond of listening to the radio?
Are you fond of music?
Are you fond of spending time at the beach?
Are you fond of swimming?
Are you fooling?
Are you foolish?
Are you for or against abortion?
Are you for or against abortions?
Are you for or against his idea?
Are you for or against it?
Are you for or against my plan?
Are you for or against open borders?
Are you for or against political correctness?
Are you for or against that policy?
Are you for or against the bill?
Are you for or against the death penalty?
Are you for or against the plan he put forward at the meeting?
Are you for or against the plan?
Are you for or against the project?
Are you for or against the proposal?
Are you for or against the war?
Are you for or against this?
Are you for real right now?
Are you for real?
Are you for real?!
Are you for the war or against it?
Are you foreign?
Are you foreigners?
Are you forgetful?
Are you frank and diplomatic? These are good prerequisites for resolving everyday relationship issues.
Are you freaking crazy or just plain stupid?
Are you freaking kidding me?!
Are you freaking out?
Are you freaking serious?
Are you free Friday night?
Are you free Monday night?
Are you free after school?
Are you free for a coffee tomorrow?
Are you free for dinner tomorrow?
Are you free for dinner tonight?
Are you free for lunch today?
Are you free for lunch?
Are you free in the afternoon?
Are you free next Monday?
Are you free next Sunday?
Are you free now?
Are you free on Friday afternoon?
Are you free on Monday afternoon?
Are you free on Monday?
Are you free on Mondays?
Are you free on Sunday?
Are you free on Tuesday?
Are you free on Tuesdays?
Are you free on Wednesday?
Are you free pouring or jiggering?
Are you free right now?
Are you free the Monday after next?
Are you free the day after tomorrow?
Are you free this afternoon?
Are you free this coming Monday?
Are you free this evening?
Are you free this morning?
Are you free this weekend?
Are you free today?
Are you free tomorrow afternoon?
Are you free tomorrow as well?
Are you free tomorrow evening?
Are you free tomorrow morning?
Are you free tomorrow night?
Are you free tomorrow too?
Are you free tomorrow, too?
Are you free tomorrow?
Are you free tonight, Ziri?
Are you free tonight?
Are you free?
Are you free? Can I call?
Are you freezing?
Are you freshmen?
Are you friend or foe?
Are you friendly?
Are you friends with Mary?
Are you friends with Tom?
Are you friends with her?
Are you friends with him?
Are you friends with these boys?
Are you friends?
Are you frightened when you drive along the edge of a cliff with no barrier?
Are you frightened yet?
Are you frightened, Tom?
Are you frightened?
Are you frivolous?
Are you from Africa?
Are you from Algeria?
Are you from Algiers?
Are you from America?
Are you from Asia?
Are you from Athens?
Are you from Australia?
Are you from Boston as well?
Are you from Boston, too?
Are you from Boston?
Are you from Canada?
Are you from Ecuador?
Are you from England?
Are you from Europe?
Are you from Finland originally?
Are you from France or Switzerland?
Are you from Holland?
Are you from Iran?
Are you from Japan?
Are you from Kabylie?
Are you from Kashgar as well?
Are you from Kyoto?
Are you from Mars or something?
Are you from Moscow?
Are you from Paris?
Are you from Prague?
Are you from Saint-Étienne?
Are you from Spain?
Are you from Switzerland or Austria?
Are you from Tokyo?
Are you from Urumqi?
Are you from a different country?
Are you from a planet on which only women live?
Are you from a planet solely populated by women?
Are you from a women-only planet?
Are you from another planet?
Are you from around here?
Are you from here?
Are you from our city?
Are you from round these parts?
Are you from the US?
Are you from the United States?
Are you from the bank?
Are you from the future?
Are you from the neighborhood?
Are you from the neighbourhood?
Are you from the police?
Are you from this neighborhood, kids?
Are you fucking around?
Are you fucking crazy or just stupid?
Are you fucking kidding me?
Are you fucking retarded?
Are you fucking serious?
Are you fucking stupid?
Are you fucking with me?
Are you fugitives?
Are you full?
Are you fully recovered?
Are you fun?
Are you funny?
Are you furious?
Are you gals Bulgarian?
Are you gambling?
Are you game for a swim?
Are you game?
Are you gangsters?
Are you gardeners?
Are you gardening?
Are you gay?
Are you generous?
Are you getting Chinese tomorrow?
Are you getting Tom anything for his birthday?
Are you getting a divorce?
Are you getting a new car?
Are you getting a warrant for my house, my car, what?
Are you getting all this?
Are you getting along well with your new schoolmates?
Are you getting along with your neighbors?
Are you getting along with your work?
Are you getting any advice at all?
Are you getting any sleep?
Are you getting back at me?
Are you getting better?
Are you getting bored?
Are you getting divorced?
Are you getting enough exercise?
Are you getting enough oxygen?
Are you getting enough sleep these days?
Are you getting enough sleep?
Are you getting hungry?
Are you getting married?
Are you getting me?
Are you getting much out of that book?
Are you getting nervous?
Are you getting off at the next stop?
Are you getting off?
Are you getting out of the chair or not?
Are you getting paid enough?
Are you getting paid for doing this?
Are you getting paid for this?
Are you getting ready for Christmas?
Are you getting ready to leave?
Are you getting sick of Tom?
Are you getting sleepy?
Are you getting the picture?
Are you getting this?
Are you getting tired?
Are you getting up?
Are you getting what you pay for?
Are you getting wi-fi?
Are you getting your hair cut?
Are you getting your money's worth?
Are you girls all right?
Are you girls tired?
Are you giving me a choice?
Are you giving me a hard time?
Are you giving me an attitude now?
Are you giving me another chance?
Are you giving me this book?
Are you giving out meal tickets here?
Are you giving this to Tom?
Are you giving up now?
Are you giving up so soon?
Are you giving up?
Are you glad I came round?
Are you glad about the result?
Are you glad that Tom is back?
Are you glad to meet me?
Are you glad we did this?
Are you going after Tom?
Are you going alone?
Are you going along?
Are you going anyway?
Are you going anywhere after work, or going straight home?
Are you going anywhere for Christmas?
Are you going anywhere for vacation?
Are you going anywhere on Monday?
Are you going anywhere the day after tomorrow?
Are you going anywhere this summer vacation?
Are you going anywhere this summer?
Are you going anywhere this weekend?
Are you going anywhere?
Are you going away this autumn?
Are you going away this summer?
Are you going back now?
Are you going back to Australia anytime soon?
Are you going back to Boston anytime soon?
Are you going back to Boston?
Are you going back to bed?
Are you going back to the beach this afternoon?
Are you going back to the campus?
Are you going back to the house?
Are you going back to the office?
Are you going back to the party?
Are you going back to work?
Are you going by air or by train?
Are you going by bus or by train?
Are you going by bus or car?
Are you going by plane or by car?
Are you going by plane or by train?
Are you going by ship?
Are you going by train or by car?
Are you going by train?
Are you going camping?
Are you going down there?
Are you going down?
Are you going downtown this afternoon?
Are you going far?
Are you going fishing?
Are you going for a bike ride?
Are you going for a walk?
Are you going home alone?
Are you going home already?
Are you going home anytime soon?
Are you going home by bus?
Are you going home earlier today?
Are you going home early today?
Are you going home for Christmas?
Are you going home for the holidays?
Are you going home now?
Are you going home soon?
Are you going home?
Are you going hunting this week?
Are you going in a group?
Are you going in costume this year?
Are you going in his place or are you going to pick him up?
Are you going in?
Are you going much farther?
Are you going now?
Are you going on a business trip?
Are you going on a camping trip?
Are you going on a family trip?
Are you going on a school field trip?
Are you going on a weekend trip?
Are you going on behalf of the government or for your own benefit?
Are you going on foot or are you taking the car?
Are you going on foot or by bus?
Are you going on foot?
Are you going on holiday this year?
Are you going on vacation in Sicily?
Are you going on vacation to Paraguay?
Are you going or are you staying?
Are you going or not?
Are you going or staying?
Are you going out anywhere?
Are you going out in those clothes? How uncool!
Are you going out somewhere?
Are you going out this evening?
Are you going out through the front door?
Are you going out today?
Are you going out together?
Are you going out tomorrow?
Are you going out tonight?
Are you going out with Sachiko?
Are you going out with anyone?
Are you going out?
Are you going outside?
Are you going sailing this afternoon?
Are you going shopping on Sunday too?
Are you going shopping with us?
Are you going shopping, Tom? Get some strawberries, will you?
Are you going someplace?
Are you going somewhere the day after tomorrow?
Are you going somewhere this evening, or are you staying at home?
Are you going somewhere this evening, or are you staying in?
Are you going somewhere tonight, or are you staying at home?
Are you going somewhere tonight, or are you staying in?
Are you going somewhere with this?
Are you going somewhere?
Are you going soonish?
Are you going tell Tom to leave or do I have to tell him?
Are you going tell Tom to leave or do I have to?
Are you going there on business?
Are you going there tomorrow?
Are you going there?
Are you going this evening?
Are you going to Alberto's farewell party?
Are you going to Algeria?
Are you going to Australia for work?
Are you going to Australia next summer, too?
Are you going to Australia on business?
Are you going to Australia on vacation?
Are you going to Australia to build stores?
Are you going to Australia?
Are you going to Boston by bus?
Are you going to Boston next week?
Are you going to Boston next weekend?
Are you going to Boston next year?
Are you going to Boston tomorrow?
Are you going to Boston too?
Are you going to Boston?
Are you going to Chuck's Diner?
Are you going to Greece to build gyms?
Are you going to Japan?
Are you going to Lucy's house tomorrow afternoon?
Are you going to Madrid this Sunday?
Are you going to Noboribetsu tomorrow?
Are you going to Rome to study?
Are you going to Shiprock?
Are you going to Tom and Mary's wedding?
Are you going to Tom's Halloween party?
Are you going to Tom's bachelor party?
Are you going to Tom's birthday party?
Are you going to Tom's farewell party?
Are you going to Tom's funeral?
Are you going to Tom's goodbye party?
Are you going to Tom's party tomorrow?
Are you going to Tom's party tonight?
Are you going to Tom's party?
Are you going to a movie?
Are you going to a party?
Are you going to answer Tom's letter?
Are you going to answer or not?
Are you going to apologise properly today?
Are you going to apologize to Tom?
Are you going to apply for that job I told you about?
Are you going to arrest me?
Are you going to ask Mary to dinner?
Are you going to ask Mary to go to the prom with you?
Are you going to ask Tom or not?
Are you going to ask Tom?
Are you going to ask her or not?
Are you going to ask her?
Are you going to ask him or not?
Are you going to ask him?
Are you going to ask me or not?
Are you going to ask me or what?
Are you going to ask them?
Are you going to attend Tom and Mary's wedding?
Are you going to attend ceremony?
Are you going to attend the ceremony?
Are you going to attend the meeting tonight?
Are you going to attend the meeting?
Are you going to attend the party?
Are you going to babysit the kids tonight?
Are you going to bath the baby?
Are you going to bathe?
Are you going to be OK?
Are you going to be able to do that by yourself?
Are you going to be able to do that by yourselves?
Are you going to be able to do that today?
Are you going to be able to do that?
Are you going to be able to do this without any help?
Are you going to be able to do this?
Are you going to be able to go swimming today?
Are you going to be able to help Tom?
Are you going to be all right, Tom?
Are you going to be all right?
Are you going to be at Tom's on Monday?
Are you going to be at the party tonight?
Are you going to be at this afternoon's meeting?
Are you going to be busy tomorrow afternoon?
Are you going to be eating that piece of pie?
Are you going to be free this afternoon?
Are you going to be free tomorrow afternoon?
Are you going to be getting on my nerves for a long time?
Are you going to be here all afternoon?
Are you going to be here long?
Are you going to be here tomorrow?
Are you going to be here tonight?
Are you going to be home all day?
Are you going to be home for Christmas?
Are you going to be home for dinner?
Are you going to be home tomorrow afternoon?
Are you going to be home tonight?
Are you going to be in Australia on October 20th?
Are you going to be in Boston this weekend?
Are you going to be late today?
Are you going to be late?
Are you going to be long?
Are you going to be much longer?
Are you going to be my girlfriend?
Are you going to be okay?
Are you going to be on the phone long?
Are you going to be on vacation tomorrow?
Are you going to be ready at five?
Are you going to be ready by the time Tom and Mary get here?
Are you going to be ready by the time Tom gets here?
Are you going to be ready?
Are you going to be sick?
Are you going to be there as well?
Are you going to be there for a while?
Are you going to be there, too?
Are you going to be there?
Are you going to be working until ten?
Are you going to bed already?
Are you going to bed early tonight?
Are you going to bed for today?
Are you going to bed soonish?
Are you going to bed, kitten?
Are you going to bed?
Are you going to blame me for this, too?
Are you going to break in?
Are you going to break my arm?
Are you going to break up with Tom?
Are you going to break up with me if I get fat again?
Are you going to bring Tom?
Are you going to build highways in Sweden?
Are you going to build mausoleums in Turkey?
Are you going to build military bases in Egypt?
Are you going to build motorways in Sweden?
Are you going to burn all these documents?
Are you going to burn all this stuff?
Are you going to buy a dictionary?
Are you going to buy anything else?
Are you going to buy it?
Are you going to buy one of these?
Are you going to buy one of those?
Are you going to buy some bread tomorrow?
Are you going to buy that auto?
Are you going to buy that book?
Are you going to buy that car?
Are you going to buy that dress you were looking at yesterday?
Are you going to buy that or not?
Are you going to buy that?
Are you going to buy the car?
Are you going to buy those?
Are you going to buy yourself a cuckoo clock in the Black Forest, Tom? If so, leave enough room in your case.
Are you going to call Tom again?
Are you going to call Tom or do you want me to?
Are you going to call Tom?
Are you going to call her?
Are you going to call him?
Are you going to call me?
Are you going to call that versatile guy, our casual acquaintance from Bergen?
Are you going to call the police?
Are you going to call them?
Are you going to call?
Are you going to carry on your work until ten?
Are you going to choose or do you want me to?
Are you going to choose or should I?
Are you going to choose, or should I?
Are you going to church tomorrow?
Are you going to clean your room soon?
Are you going to college today?
Are you going to college?
Are you going to come along?
Are you going to come back on Tuesday?
Are you going to come back to Italy next year?
Are you going to come back?
Are you going to come home and have a bite to eat?
Are you going to come or are you staying?
Are you going to come to Australia next month?
Are you going to come to Boston next weekend?
Are you going to come to Japan?
Are you going to come to Rio de Janeiro in August during the Olympics?
Are you going to come to Tom's party this weekend?
Are you going to come to my party tomorrow?
Are you going to come tomorrow?
Are you going to come visit me?
Are you going to come?
Are you going to continue doing what you've always done?
Are you going to continue seeing him?
Are you going to continue to do what you've always done?
Are you going to continue working until 10:00?
Are you going to convert to Islam?
Are you going to cook supper?
Are you going to cooperate?
Are you going to cry about that, too?
Are you going to cry now?
Are you going to cry till the cows come home?
Are you going to cry?
Are you going to cut down all the trees here?
Are you going to cut down all the trees?
Are you going to cut down all these trees?
Are you going to dance with me?
Are you going to die alone?
Are you going to die?
Are you going to do anything about it?
Are you going to do anything about that?
Are you going to do anything special for Christmas?
Are you going to do anything with that?
Are you going to do it again?
Are you going to do it over again?
Are you going to do it?
Are you going to do something about it?
Are you going to do something about that today?
Are you going to do something about that?
Are you going to do something?
Are you going to do that again?
Are you going to do that all by yourself?
Are you going to do that alone?
Are you going to do that anytime soon?
Are you going to do that by yourself?
Are you going to do that by yourselves?
Are you going to do that even if it rains?
Are you going to do that now?
Are you going to do that on your own?
Are you going to do that or not?
Are you going to do that today?
Are you going to do that tomorrow, too?
Are you going to do that tomorrow?
Are you going to do that with Tom?
Are you going to do that, too?
Are you going to do that?
Are you going to do this or what?
Are you going to do your homework before dinner?
Are you going to do your homework before supper?
Are you going to do your homework this afternoon?
Are you going to download his new album?
Are you going to drink that?
Are you going to drive, or shall I?
Are you going to eat all of that yourself?
Are you going to eat alone?
Are you going to eat at home or go out?
Are you going to eat dinner at home tonight?
Are you going to eat here or do you want us to wrap it?
Are you going to eat it with a spoon or a fork?
Are you going to eat now?
Are you going to eat or what?
Are you going to eat that bread?
Are you going to eat that cookie?
Are you going to eat that cupcake?
Are you going to eat that piece of pie?
Are you going to eat that toast?
Are you going to eat that?
Are you going to eat the rest of your stew?
Are you going to eat these cakes?
Are you going to eat these cookies?
Are you going to eat these pies?
Are you going to eat these strawberries?
Are you going to eat this cake?
Are you going to eat this ice cream?
Are you going to eat this whole pie by yourself?
Are you going to eat this?
Are you going to eat those cakes?
Are you going to eat those cookies?
Are you going to eat those cupcakes?
Are you going to eat those eggs?
Are you going to eat those fries?
Are you going to eat with us?
Are you going to eat with your family on Christmas?
Are you going to eat your dessert?
Are you going to eat your pudding?
Are you going to eat your roll?
Are you going to eat?
Are you going to enlist, Tom?
Are you going to enrol on that course?
Are you going to finish soon?
Are you going to fire me?
Are you going to fix it?
Are you going to follow instructions?
Are you going to get a job this semester?
Are you going to get in trouble because of me?
Are you going to get rid of all that stuff?
Are you going to get this done anytime soon?
Are you going to get this done today?
Are you going to get this done?
Are you going to get your hair cut today?
Are you going to get your hair cut?
Are you going to give Mary the money she asked for?
Are you going to give Tom and Mary the money they asked for?
Are you going to give Tom anything for Christmas?
Are you going to give Tom the money he asked for?
Are you going to give me a glib answer, or are you going to think before you reply?
Are you going to give me the chance to respond to what you've just said?
Are you going to give me the key?
Are you going to give me this book?
Are you going to give these away?
Are you going to give this to Tom?
Are you going to give this to her?
Are you going to give this to him?
Are you going to give this to me?
Are you going to give this to them?
Are you going to give this to us?
Are you going to give up here?
Are you going to give up now?
Are you going to give up?
Are you going to give us what we asked for?
Are you going to go alone?
Are you going to go anywhere this summer?
Are you going to go by car or by bus?
Are you going to go home earlier than usual today?
Are you going to go home early today?
Are you going to go now?
Are you going to go on holiday this year?
Are you going to go or not?
Are you going to go out with Tom again?
Are you going to go see that movie?
Are you going to go shopping next weekend?
Are you going to go swimming this afternoon?
Are you going to go swimming today?
Are you going to go swimming?
Are you going to go talk to Tom or not?
Are you going to go talk to Tom?
Are you going to go there?
Are you going to go to Australia next week?
Are you going to go to Boston next week?
Are you going to go to Tokyo tomorrow?
Are you going to go to Tom's concert tomorrow night?
Are you going to go to that restaurant?
Are you going to go to the party tonight?
Are you going to go vote?
Are you going to go with Tom?
Are you going to go with her?
Are you going to go with him?
Are you going to go with me or not?
Are you going to go with me?
Are you going to go with them?
Are you going to go with us, too?
Are you going to go with us?
Are you going to go?
Are you going to have a Christmas party?
Are you going to have a Halloween party?
Are you going to have dinner at home?
Are you going to have dinner here with me?
Are you going to have your hair cut?
Are you going to have your tea, dear?
Are you going to help Tom?
Are you going to help her?
Are you going to help him?
Are you going to help me do that?
Are you going to help me find it?
Are you going to help me lay the table?
Are you going to help me now, or not?
Are you going to help me or not?
Are you going to help me wash up?
Are you going to help me with this or not?
Are you going to help me with this?
Are you going to help me, or what?
Are you going to help me?
Are you going to help them?
Are you going to help us or not?
Are you going to help us tomorrow morning?
Are you going to help us?
Are you going to help, or are you just going to sit there and carp from the sidelines?
Are you going to hide?
Are you going to hit me?
Are you going to hurt Tom?
Are you going to hurt her?
Are you going to hurt him?
Are you going to hurt me?
Are you going to hurt them?
Are you going to hurt us?
Are you going to impose these rules on yourself?
Are you going to inject me that?
Are you going to invite Tom to the party?
Are you going to invite Tom to your party?
Are you going to invite Tom to your wedding?
Are you going to invite Tom?
Are you going to invite anyone else to the picnic?
Are you going to invite her to the party?
Are you going to invite me to your party?
Are you going to join me?
Are you going to join the glee club?
Are you going to just stand there all day?
Are you going to just stand there and say nothing?
Are you going to keep him company?
Are you going to keep him?
Are you going to keep interrupting us?
Are you going to keep nagging?
Are you going to keep on doing what you've always done?
Are you going to kill Tom?
Are you going to kill her?
Are you going to kill him?
Are you going to kill me?
Are you going to kill them?
Are you going to kill us?
Are you going to kiss Tom?
Are you going to kiss all of them?
Are you going to kiss her?
Are you going to kiss him?
Are you going to kiss me or not?
Are you going to kiss me?
Are you going to launch into another rant?
Are you going to learn English?
Are you going to learn French?
Are you going to learn another foreign language?
Are you going to learn anything in Albania?
Are you going to learn something in Greece?
Are you going to leave Boston?
Are you going to leave Tom?
Are you going to leave a few cookies for me?
Are you going to leave already?
Are you going to leave her?
Are you going to leave him?
Are you going to leave me a few biscuits?
Are you going to leave me any cookies?
Are you going to leave me here all by myself?
Are you going to leave me here?
Are you going to leave me?
Are you going to leave the lights on?
Are you going to leave them?
Are you going to leave tomorrow?
Are you going to leave us?
Are you going to leave your jacket in the cloakroom?
Are you going to leave?
Are you going to let Tom do that?
Are you going to let Tom drive?
Are you going to let Tom leave without saying goodbye?
Are you going to let Tom push you around?
Are you going to let Tom win?
Are you going to let her insult you like that?
Are you going to let her insult your mother like that?
Are you going to let him insult you like that?
Are you going to let him insult your mother like that?
Are you going to let me get a word in?
Are you going to let me in on the secret?
Are you going to let me in or not?
Are you going to let me insult you like that?
Are you going to let me live?
Are you going to let me say anything?
Are you going to let me say something?
Are you going to let me speak?
Are you going to let me talk or are you going to talk over me?
Are you going to let them push you around?
Are you going to let this fried chicken go begging?
Are you going to lie to me?
Are you going to listen to her? She's drunk.
Are you going to listen to me?
Are you going to live together? That doesn't sound like a good idea to me. You guys are always fighting.
Are you going to live together? That doesn't sound like a good idea to me. You're always arguing.
Are you going to make a shelf?
Are you going to make it to the party tonight?
Are you going to make me the lead singer?
Are you going to marry Peter?
Are you going to marry Tom?
Are you going to marry her?
Are you going to marry him?
Are you going to meet Jane tonight?
Are you going to meet Tom tonight?
Are you going to meet with me?
Are you going to miss it?
Are you going to miss me?
Are you going to move in?
Are you going to move to Boston?
Are you going to mow the lawn today?
Are you going to mow your lawn this afternoon?
Are you going to need the paper bag, sir?
Are you going to open the box?
Are you going to open the envelope?
Are you going to organise a birthday party for yourself?
Are you going to pay a visit to China this fall?
Are you going to pay attention the entire time?
Are you going to pay for it?
Are you going to pay in cash?
Are you going to pay us extra to work late?
Are you going to pay?
Are you going to pick Tom up from school?
Are you going to pick me up at seven?
Are you going to pick someone up tonight?
Are you going to pick up women?
Are you going to play golf next weekend?
Are you going to play tennis this week?
Are you going to play tricks on me again, you naughty boy?
Are you going to play with Tom?
Are you going to play with them?
Are you going to press charges against Tom?
Are you going to psych yourself up before the match?
Are you going to publish that?
Are you going to pull curfew on me?
Are you going to put your jacket in the cloakroom?
Are you going to quit your job?
Are you going to rat me out?
Are you going to read the letter?
Are you going to record today's episode?
Are you going to remove the nerve?
Are you going to remove this?
Are you going to renew your lease when it expires?
Are you going to resign?
Are you going to ruin your life over a silly poker game?
Are you going to run every day?
Are you going to run later?
Are you going to run?
Are you going to save us?
Are you going to say anything or are you just going to sit there pouting?
Are you going to say anything?
Are you going to school by bus?
Are you going to school today?
Are you going to school tomorrow?
Are you going to school?
Are you going to see Mennad tonight?
Are you going to see Tom again tonight?
Are you going to see Tom again?
Are you going to see Tom before you leave?
Are you going to see Tom this afternoon?
Are you going to see Tom tomorrow?
Are you going to see Tom tonight?
Are you going to see Tom's band on Friday?
Are you going to see Tom's band?
Are you going to see Tom?
Are you going to see any of your friends over the weekend?
Are you going to see her again?
Are you going to see her?
Are you going to see him again?
Are you going to see him?
Are you going to see that girl again?
Are you going to see them again?
Are you going to see them?
Are you going to sell Tom your bicycle?
Are you going to sell Tom your house?
Are you going to sell him your house?
Are you going to sell this painting?
Are you going to sell your jewellery?
Are you going to send this by parcel post?
Are you going to share that?
Are you going to shoot me?
Are you going to show me that secret hiding place of yours?
Are you going to show me what you bought?
Are you going to show me what you've bought?
Are you going to show me where you work?
Are you going to shower?
Are you going to sing an English song for us?
Are you going to sing for us?
Are you going to sing here?
Are you going to sing with us?
Are you going to sing?
Are you going to sit with Tom?
Are you going to sit with her?
Are you going to sit with him?
Are you going to sit with me?
Are you going to sit with them?
Are you going to sit with us?
Are you going to skip school tomorrow?
Are you going to sleep on it?
Are you going to sleep?
Are you going to spend Christmas with Tom?
Are you going to spend all of this money?
Are you going to spend the night in their house?
Are you going to spend the rest of your life here?
Are you going to stand there all day?
Are you going to stand there for another half an hour, or are you going to help?
Are you going to stay here a long time?
Are you going to stay here all afternoon?
Are you going to stay here in Rio?
Are you going to stay here in the hotel?
Are you going to stay here or are you going to go?
Are you going to stay here with us?
Are you going to stay in Boston after you graduate?
Are you going to stay in bed all day?
Are you going to stay in these PJs until you die?
Are you going to stay long?
Are you going to stay mad at me?
Are you going to stay overnight?
Are you going to stay the night?
Are you going to stay there for long?
Are you going to stay with us?
Are you going to stay, or leave?
Are you going to stay?
Are you going to stick to your plan?
Are you going to still be a teacher here next year?
Are you going to stop me?
Are you going to study French?
Are you going to study in Australia?
Are you going to study in Lithuania?
Are you going to study tonight?
Are you going to summer school?
Are you going to swim tomorrow?
Are you going to take a beachside stroll later?
Are you going to take a taxi to the station?
Are you going to take advantage of Tom?
Are you going to take an umbrella with you?
Are you going to take my kids from me?
Are you going to take part in the English speech contest?
Are you going to take part in the contest?
Are you going to take part in the next race?
Are you going to take part in tomorrow's celebration?
Are you going to take the bus home?
Are you going to take the entrance examination?
Are you going to take the test tomorrow?
Are you going to take the wheel off?
Are you going to talk to Tom about that?
Are you going to talk to Tom or not?
Are you going to talk to Tom?
Are you going to talk to her?
Are you going to talk to him?
Are you going to talk to me?
Are you going to talk to them?
Are you going to talk with Tom?
Are you going to talk with them?
Are you going to talk?
Are you going to tell Mary that she can't come with us, or are you going to make me tell her?
Are you going to tell Mary that you love her?
Are you going to tell Tom about that?
Are you going to tell Tom about the party?
Are you going to tell Tom about us?
Are you going to tell Tom about what happened?
Are you going to tell Tom about what we did?
Are you going to tell Tom about what you did?
Are you going to tell Tom and Mary that they can't come with us, or are you going to make me tell them?
Are you going to tell Tom and Mary what happened or would you rather I told them?
Are you going to tell Tom and Mary what needs to be done or would you rather I told them?
Are you going to tell Tom and Mary what they have to do or should I?
Are you going to tell Tom and Mary what they have to do or would you rather I told them?
Are you going to tell Tom and Mary what they need to do or should I?
Are you going to tell Tom and Mary what they need to do or would you rather I told them?
Are you going to tell Tom or not?
Are you going to tell Tom that he can't come with us, or are you going to make me tell him?
Are you going to tell Tom that you dislike him?
Are you going to tell Tom that you love Mary?
Are you going to tell Tom that you love him?
Are you going to tell Tom that you've spent time in prison?
Are you going to tell Tom that?
Are you going to tell Tom the bad news, or do you want me to?
Are you going to tell Tom to go home, or do I have to?
Are you going to tell Tom to leave, or should I?
Are you going to tell Tom what I did?
Are you going to tell Tom what Mary did?
Are you going to tell Tom what happened or should I?
Are you going to tell Tom what happened or would you rather I told him?
Are you going to tell Tom what he has to do or should I?
Are you going to tell Tom what he has to do or would you rather I told him?
Are you going to tell Tom what he needs to do or should I?
Are you going to tell Tom what he needs to do or would you rather I told him?
Are you going to tell Tom what needs to be done or should I?
Are you going to tell Tom what needs to be done or would you rather I told him?
Are you going to tell Tom what to do or should I?
Are you going to tell Tom what to do?
Are you going to tell Tom what you did?
Are you going to tell Tom you love him?
Are you going to tell Tom you've spent time in prison?
Are you going to tell Tom, or should I?
Are you going to tell Tom?
Are you going to tell her?
Are you going to tell him?
Are you going to tell me about Tom or not?
Are you going to tell me how to do this or not?
Are you going to tell me how you did that?
Are you going to tell me my fortune?
Are you going to tell me or not?
Are you going to tell me that you and Tom never dated?
Are you going to tell me the truth?
Are you going to tell me what happened?
Are you going to tell me what it is?
Are you going to tell me what the problem is?
Are you going to tell me what this is all about?
Are you going to tell me what you want?
Are you going to tell me what's going on between you two?
Are you going to tell me what's going on?
Are you going to tell me what's wrong?
Are you going to tell me your name?
Are you going to tell on me?
Are you going to tell them who you are?
Are you going to tell them?
Are you going to tell us what happened?
Are you going to terminate my contract?
Are you going to testify?
Are you going to the Halloween party?
Are you going to the United States for work?
Are you going to the airport to meet Tom?
Are you going to the airport to see your teacher off?
Are you going to the bank tomorrow?
Are you going to the barn dance?
Are you going to the cinema?
Are you going to the class reunion?
Are you going to the company party, Tom?
Are you going to the concert tonight?
Are you going to the concert?
Are you going to the conference she's organizing?
Are you going to the countryside with your wife?
Are you going to the dentist?
Are you going to the exhibition?
Are you going to the gala?
Are you going to the game this weekend?
Are you going to the game with Leonid?
Are you going to the game?
Are you going to the gym today?
Are you going to the market today?
Are you going to the meeting Thursday?
Are you going to the meeting this afternoon?
Are you going to the meeting?
Are you going to the movies this weekend?
Are you going to the movies tomorrow?
Are you going to the movies tonight?
Are you going to the movies?
Are you going to the open day?
Are you going to the park?
Are you going to the party today?
Are you going to the party tonight?
Are you going to the party?
Are you going to the piano concert?
Are you going to the piano recital?
Are you going to the play?
Are you going to the post office today?
Are you going to the post office?
Are you going to the prom with anyone?
Are you going to the pub tonight?
Are you going to the restaurant tonight?
Are you going to the school dance, classmates?
Are you going to the shop? Will you buy me a toy?
Are you going to the shops? Would you get me a sack of potatoes and a bag of onions?
Are you going to the show?
Are you going to the station in a taxi?
Are you going to the store?
Are you going to the strip club?
Are you going to the supermarket?
Are you going to the tennis court?
Are you going to the theater tonight?
Are you going to the theatre tonight?
Are you going to the wedding?
Are you going to throw away all these clothes?
Are you going to throw that away?
Are you going to throw yourself a birthday party?
Are you going to town today?
Are you going to travel to Batna?
Are you going to travel?
Are you going to try it?
Are you going to try sleeping again?
Are you going to try to get back to sleep?
Are you going to try to go back to sleep?
Are you going to try to sell those?
Are you going to turn me in?
Are you going to turn off the light?
Are you going to turn the light off?
Are you going to university?
Are you going to untie us?
Are you going to use that?
Are you going to use the blender to beat the eggs?
Are you going to use this to build the cabin?
Are you going to use this?
Are you going to visit Boston next spring?
Are you going to visit Lukas when you're in Graz?
Are you going to visit Tom?
Are you going to visit any other countries?
Are you going to visit me?
Are you going to visit other countries?
Are you going to visit your parents?
Are you going to vote for Tom Jackson?
Are you going to vote for Tom?
Are you going to vote for her?
Are you going to vote for him?
Are you going to vote for me?
Are you going to vote in the upcoming election?
Are you going to vote today?
Are you going to vote?
Are you going to wait for Tom?
Are you going to wait for her there?
Are you going to wait for him there?
Are you going to wait for me?
Are you going to wait for them there?
Are you going to wait here in the consulate?
Are you going to wait?
Are you going to walk home with Tom?
Are you going to walk home?
Are you going to walk to the station?
Are you going to walk?
Are you going to want more?
Are you going to want to leave anytime soon?
Are you going to warn Tom?
Are you going to warn her?
Are you going to warn him?
Are you going to warn them?
Are you going to wash up?
Are you going to watch TV tonight?
Are you going to watch a movie tonight?
Are you going to watch the Red Wolf Blood Moon tonight?
Are you going to watch?
Are you going to wear a costume to the party?
Are you going to wear that bra?
Are you going to wear that dress to the party?
Are you going to wear these shoes today?
Are you going to wear this Kabyle dress?
Are you going to wear those shoes to the wedding?
Are you going to work all night?
Are you going to work for Tom?
Are you going to work here in Rio?
Are you going to work in the hotel tomorrow morning?
Are you going to work or not?
Are you going to work or rest?
Are you going to work today?
Are you going to work tomorrow?
Are you going to work until 10:00?
Are you going to work with Tom?
Are you going to write Tom an email today?
Are you going to write something?
Are you going to write to Tom?
Are you going to write to her?
Are you going to write to your dad?
Are you going to write to your father?
Are you going to your room?
Are you going tonight?
Are you going undercover?
Are you going up there?
Are you going with Tom?
Are you going with me to the cafe?
Are you going with me?
Are you going with us, or are you going to stay here by yourself?
Are you going with us?
Are you going, too?
Are you going?
Are you golfing?
Are you gonna build banks in Finland?
Are you gonna eat that?
Are you gonna help me or what?
Are you gonna kill me?
Are you gonna pay for it?
Are you gonna polish off a whole chicken?
Are you gonna take a bath?
Are you good at French?
Are you good at anticipating problems before they happen?
Are you good at anticipating problems before they occur?
Are you good at anticipating problems?
Are you good at anything?
Are you good at barbecuing steaks?
Are you good at baseball?
Are you good at basketball?
Are you good at bowling?
Are you good at boxing?
Are you good at calligraphy?
Are you good at catching fish?
Are you good at chess?
Are you good at climbing trees?
Are you good at convincing people to help you?
Are you good at cooking rice?
Are you good at cooking?
Are you good at dancing?
Are you good at decoding encrypted messages?
Are you good at delegating tasks?
Are you good at doing that?
Are you good at drawing pictures?
Are you good at drawing?
Are you good at empathizing with people?
Are you good at entertaining kids?
Are you good at farming?
Are you good at figuring out what needs to be done?
Are you good at finding bargains?
Are you good at finding differences?
Are you good at finding problems?
Are you good at fishing?
Are you good at fixing things?
Are you good at flower arranging?
Are you good at gardening?
Are you good at getting people to agree with you?
Are you good at getting people to help you?
Are you good at getting people to volunteer to help?
Are you good at golf?
Are you good at guessing?
Are you good at ice skating?
Are you good at it?
Are you good at juggling?
Are you good at keeping secrets?
Are you good at learning new things?
Are you good at listening?
Are you good at making friends?
Are you good at math?
Are you good at mathematics?
Are you good at maths?
Are you good at memorizing things?
Are you good at negotiating?
Are you good at physics?
Are you good at pitching?
Are you good at playing basketball?
Are you good at playing chess?
Are you good at playing tennis?
Are you good at playing the piano?
Are you good at poker?
Are you good at public speaking?
Are you good at puzzles?
Are you good at reading maps?
Are you good at reading people's body language?
Are you good at remembering faces?
Are you good at remembering people's names?
Are you good at selling things?
Are you good at setting traps?
Are you good at sharpening knives?
Are you good at sight reading music?
Are you good at singing?
Are you good at skiing?
Are you good at solving problems?
Are you good at solving puzzles?
Are you good at speaking Chinese?
Are you good at speaking French?
Are you good at spelling?
Are you good at sport?
Are you good at sports?
Are you good at spotting errors?
Are you good at spotting irregularities?
Are you good at spotting opportunities?
Are you good at starting fires?
Are you good at swimming?
Are you good at telling jokes?
Are you good at telling stories?
Are you good at tennis?
Are you good at tying a bow?
Are you good at tying butterfly knots?
Are you good at typing?
Are you good at volleyball?
Are you good at what you do?
Are you good at wrestling?
Are you good at writing in French?
Are you good at writing poems?
Are you good at writing songs?
Are you good at writing?
Are you good at your job?
Are you good in math?
Are you good to move?
Are you good with numbers?
Are you good with pixels?
Are you good?
Are you good? Yes, I'm fine.
Are you goofy?
Are you graduating?
Are you grasping the concept?
Are you grasping the idea?
Are you grieving?
Are you grinning?
Are you groggy?
Are you grounded?
Are you growing a beard?
Are you grumbling?
Are you guests?
Are you gullible? Find out for only one dollar!
Are you guys Algerian?
Are you guys American?
Are you guys Bulgarian?
Are you guys Canadians?
Are you guys Choctaw?
Are you guys German?
Are you guys Italian?
Are you guys OK?
Are you guys Romanian?
Are you guys actually finished?
Are you guys addicted?
Are you guys against them?
Are you guys all right?
Are you guys angry?
Are you guys armed?
Are you guys aware that in certain areas, there are more than just economic disparities?
Are you guys being serious?
Are you guys busy now, Tom?
Are you guys busy?
Are you guys close?
Are you guys cold?
Are you guys coming over on Thursday?
Are you guys crazy?
Are you guys crazy? Turning the fan on when it's this cold?
Are you guys crying?
Are you guys dating now?
Are you guys doing anything right now?
Are you guys doing well?
Are you guys enjoying yourselves?
Are you guys far away?
Are you guys free this afternoon?
Are you guys free?
Are you guys friends with them?
Are you guys from Austria, or is it Australia?
Are you guys from Kabylie?
Are you guys getting hungry?
Are you guys getting rain?
Are you guys going to Kiel too?
Are you guys going to Tom's for Thanksgiving?
Are you guys going to be OK?
Are you guys going to be okay?
Are you guys going to build synagogues in Lebanon?
Are you guys going to learn anything in Albania?
Are you guys going to the park?
Are you guys going to vote for Tom Jackson?
Are you guys happy?
Are you guys having a good time?
Are you guys having any fun?
Are you guys having fun?
Are you guys having problems?
Are you guys homeless?
Are you guys hooked?
Are you guys hungry yet?
Are you guys hungry?
Are you guys idiots?
Are you guys in Berlin?
Are you guys in the same class?
Are you guys laughing?
Are you guys mad?
Are you guys planning to go to Tom's party tonight?
Are you guys polite?
Are you guys ready for it?
Are you guys ready to do that?
Are you guys ready to eat?
Are you guys ready to order or do you still need a few minutes?
Are you guys ready to rock?
Are you guys ready?
Are you guys really OK?
Are you guys really cousins?
Are you guys really related?
Are you guys really twins?
Are you guys satisfied?
Are you guys seeing that?
Are you guys serious?
Are you guys sorry?
Are you guys still dating each other?
Are you guys still dating?
Are you guys still hungry?
Are you guys still sharing a place?
Are you guys still talking about Tom?
Are you guys still together?
Are you guys stupid or something?
Are you guys sure about this?
Are you guys sure that's necessary?
Are you guys talking about Tom?
Are you guys talking about me?
Are you guys talking about work?
Are you guys thirsty?
Are you guys tired?
Are you guys tripping?
Are you guys trustworthy?
Are you guys undressed?
Are you guys working?
Are you guys?
Are you hackers?
Are you hacking?
Are you hairy?
Are you hallucinating?
Are you hammered?
Are you handcuffed?
Are you handicapped?
Are you handsome?
Are you handy?
Are you hanging out with us?
Are you happily married?
Are you happy about that, Yanni?
Are you happy about the school closing?
Are you happy about this?
Are you happy at your own home?
Are you happy doing that?
Are you happy here?
Are you happy in your house?
Are you happy in your life?
Are you happy in your marriage?
Are you happy now, Tom?
Are you happy now?
Are you happy or not?
Are you happy right now?
Are you happy to be back in school?
Are you happy to be back?
Are you happy to come back?
Are you happy to do that?
Are you happy to go to Germany?
Are you happy to have a little brother?
Are you happy to see me?
Are you happy where you are?
Are you happy with Tom?
Are you happy with how you look?
Are you happy with that?
Are you happy with the new house?
Are you happy with the result?
Are you happy with the results?
Are you happy with the service?
Are you happy with the way you were brought up?
Are you happy with the way you were raised?
Are you happy with this?
Are you happy with your appearance?
Are you happy with your body?
Are you happy with your decision?
Are you happy with your job?
Are you happy with your life right now?
Are you happy with your life?
Are you happy with your new bass guitar?
Are you happy with your new car?
Are you happy with your new job?
Are you happy with your new sports car?
Are you happy with your social life?
Are you happy with your weight?
Are you happy, Tom?
Are you happy?
Are you hard of hearing?
Are you hard-working?
Are you hardworking?
Are you having a Halloween party?
Are you having a Valentine's Day party at your house again this year?
Are you having a bad day?
Are you having a blast?
Are you having a boy or a girl?
Are you having a breakdown?
Are you having a busy day?
Are you having a candlelit dinner with your wife?
Are you having a good day today?
Are you having a good day?
Are you having a good summer?
Are you having a good time tonight?
Are you having a good time?
Are you having a good week with Ziri?
Are you having a hard day?
Are you having a nice summer?
Are you having a nice time?
Are you having a panic attack?
Are you having a party on Halloween?
Are you having a party? Can I join you?
Are you having an affair with someone?
Are you having an affair?
Are you having an existential crisis or just imitating one?
Are you having any chest pain?
Are you having any difficulty breathing through your nose?
Are you having any difficulty breathing?
Are you having any difficulty doing that?
Are you having any difficulty sleeping?
Are you having any difficulty swallowing?
Are you having any fun?
Are you having any luck?
Are you having any problems?
Are you having any trouble breathing?
Are you having any trouble doing that?
Are you having coffee?
Are you having dinner now?
Are you having dinner?
Are you having dizzy spells?
Are you having financial problems?
Are you having fun with that?
Are you having fun with this?
Are you having fun yet?
Are you having fun?
Are you having heart problems?
Are you having lunch together?
Are you having lunch with Katherine today?
Are you having money problems?
Are you having nightmares again?
Are you having panic attacks?
Are you having personal problems?
Are you having problems losing weight?
Are you having problems with anyone here?
Are you having problems with insomnia?
Are you having problems with your car?
Are you having problems?
Are you having second thoughts about getting married?
Are you having second thoughts?
Are you having sleepless nights?
Are you having some financial problems?
Are you having some money problems?
Are you having trouble getting dates?
Are you having trouble getting things done?
Are you having trouble losing weight?
Are you having trouble sleeping?
Are you having your hair cut?
Are you having your period?
Are you headed towards me?
Are you heading back to Boston?
Are you heading home?
Are you heading somewhere?
Are you heading to Batna?
Are you heading to work now?
Are you heading towards me?
Are you headstrong?
Are you healthy?
Are you hearing what I'm hearing?
Are you hearing, baby?
Are you heartbroken?
Are you heartless?
Are you heavy?
Are you helping Miss Hansson?
Are you helping Tom?
Are you helping her?
Are you helping him?
Are you helping me lay the table?
Are you helping me wash up?
Are you helping me?
Are you helping them?
Are you helping?
Are you henpecked?
Are you her friend?
Are you her mother?
Are you her pimp?
Are you here all by yourself?
Are you here alone?
Are you here for Tom?
Are you here for business or pleasure?
Are you here for business?
Are you here for tickets?
Are you here often?
Are you here on Friday evening?
Are you here on business or for pleasure?
Are you here on business or pleasure?
Are you here on business?
Are you here on holiday?
Are you here on official business?
Are you here on vacation or business?
Are you here on vacation?
Are you here on your own?
Are you here to arrest me?
Are you here to fix the copier?
Are you here to help Tom?
Are you here to help me?
Are you here to help us?
Are you here to help?
Are you here to negotiate?
Are you here to pick Tom up?
Are you here to see Mary?
Are you here to see Tom?
Are you here to see me?
Are you here to see someone?
Are you here to see us?
Are you here to spy on me?
Are you here to talk to Tom?
Are you here today for any particular reason?
Are you here voluntarily?
Are you here with Tom?
Are you here with anyone?
Are you here with someone?
Are you here with your family?
Are you here, Tom?
Are you here?
Are you hesitant to go there?
Are you hiding from Tom?
Are you hiding from her?
Are you hiding from him?
Are you hiding from me? Why?
Are you hiding from them?
Are you hiding something from me?
Are you hiding something from us?
Are you hiding something, Tom?
Are you hiding something?
Are you hiding somewhere?
Are you hiding?
Are you high?
Are you hiking?
Are you hip?
Are you hiring?
Are you his mother?
Are you his son?
Are you historians?
Are you hitting on me?
Are you holidaying here?
Are you home alone?
Are you home tomorrow afternoon?
Are you home, too?
Are you home?
Are you homeless?
Are you homeschooled?
Are you homeschooling your kids?
Are you homesick, too?
Are you homesick?
Are you honest or are you lying to me?
Are you honest?
Are you honestly telling me you never want to get married?
Are you honestly telling me you never want to see Tom again?
Are you hooked?
Are you hopeful?
Are you hostages?
Are you hot?
Are you hot? Maybe you should take off your sweater.
Are you human?
Are you humans?
Are you hungry already? You should've eaten more for lunch.
Are you hungry at all?
Are you hungry for ice cream?
Are you hungry now?
Are you hungry or thirsty?
Are you hungry too?
Are you hungry yet?
Are you hungry, Tom?
Are you hungry, Yanni?
Are you hungry, angry, lonely or tired?
Are you hungry, too?
Are you hungry?
Are you hungry? I can make you a sandwich if you want.
Are you hungry? I could cook you something.
Are you hungry? I'll make you something.
Are you hurt again?
Are you hurt anywhere?
Are you hurt, Tom?
Are you hurt?
Are you hurting?
Are you hustling me?
Are you hydrated?
Are you hypnotized?
Are you idiots?
Are you ignorant?
Are you ignoring me?
Are you ill often?
Are you ill?
Are you ill? You look pale.
Are you illiterate?
Are you imaginative?
Are you imitating me?
Are you immune?
Are you impaired?
Are you impartial?
Are you impatient?
Are you implying something?
Are you implying that I can't do that by myself?
Are you implying that I'm too young?
Are you implying that Tom is interested in me?
Are you implying that they are invaders?
Are you implying that you don't want to see me anymore?
Are you important?
Are you impressed?
Are you impulsive?
Are you in America yet?
Are you in Australia on business?
Are you in Australia?
Are you in Bangladesh?
Are you in Berlin?
Are you in Boston for good?
Are you in Boston now?
Are you in Boston right now?
Are you in Boston to stay?
Are you in Boston yet?
Are you in Boston?
Are you in China?
Are you in London?
Are you in Naples?
Are you in North America?
Are you in Paris?
Are you in Turkey?
Are you in a bad mood or something?
Are you in a bad mood?
Are you in a band?
Are you in a better mood now?
Are you in a big hurry to get somewhere?
Are you in a big hurry to leave?
Are you in a big hurry?
Are you in a book club?
Are you in a committed relationship?
Are you in a fraternity?
Are you in a gang?
Are you in a good mood now?
Are you in a good mood today?
Are you in a good mood?
Are you in a hostile working environment?
Are you in a hurry for it?
Are you in a hurry to get back home?
Are you in a hurry to get back?
Are you in a hurry to get home?
Are you in a hurry to get someplace?
Are you in a hurry to get there?
Are you in a hurry to go home?
Are you in a hurry to leave?
Are you in a hurry to sell your house?
Are you in a hurry today?
Are you in a hurry?
Are you in a lot of pain?
Are you in a position to do so?
Are you in a relationship?
Are you in a rock band?
Are you in a rush somewhere?
Are you in a rush to go back home?
Are you in a rush to go home?
Are you in a rush?
Are you in a rut?
Are you in a safe place now?
Are you in a safe place right now?
Are you in a safe place?
Are you in a serious relationship?
Are you in a sorority?
Are you in a tough spot?
Are you in a toxic work environment?
Are you in a toxic workplace?
Are you in acceptable health?
Are you in agreement with the new law?
Are you in agreement?
Are you in an embarrassing situation?
Are you in an orchestra?
Are you in any actual danger?
Are you in any clubs?
Are you in any danger?
Are you in any difficulty?
Are you in any doubt?
Are you in any hurry?
Are you in any of those pictures?
Are you in any pain at all?
Are you in any pain?
Are you in any trouble?
Are you in any way impaired?
Are you in bed, Tom?
Are you in bed?
Are you in charge here now?
Are you in charge here?
Are you in charge of cooking?
Are you in charge of security?
Are you in charge of that?
Are you in charge of the barbecue?
Are you in charge of the party?
Are you in charge of the picnic?
Are you in charge of this contest?
Are you in charge of this place?
Are you in charge of this project?
Are you in charge of this region?
Are you in charge, or aren't you?
Are you in command here?
Are you in contact with anyone?
Are you in contact with each other?
Are you in contact with the people who made it?
Are you in contact with your brother?
Are you in contact with your father?
Are you in contact with your mom?
Are you in contact with your parents?
Are you in control of the situation?
Are you in danger right now?
Are you in danger?
Are you in debt yet?
Are you in doubt?
Are you in earnest in saying so?
Are you in favor of independence?
Are you in favor of introducing a minimum wage?
Are you in favor of legalizing abortion, Mary?
Are you in favor of me doing that?
Are you in favor of or against that policy?
Are you in favor of peace?
Are you in favor of that policy or are you opposed to it?
Are you in favor of the new law?
Are you in favor of the plan or not?
Are you in favor of the proposal?
Are you in favor of the workers getting more money?
Are you in favor of their policy?
Are you in favor of this idea?
Are you in favor of this motion?
Are you in favour of that policy or against it?
Are you in favour of the proposal?
Are you in favour of this motion?
Are you in good condition?
Are you in good health?
Are you in good shape?
Are you in here by yourself?
Are you in immediate danger?
Are you in jest or in earnest?
Are you in kindergarten or something?
Are you in kindergarten or what?
Are you in kindergarten?
Are you in league with him?
Are you in lots of debt?
Are you in love at the moment?
Are you in love by any chance?
Are you in love with Layla?
Are you in love with Tom?
Are you in love with another guy?
Are you in love with another man?
Are you in love with another woman?
Are you in love with anybody else?
Are you in love with anybody?
Are you in love with anyone else?
Are you in love with anyone?
Are you in love with each other?
Are you in love with her?
Are you in love with him?
Are you in love with me now?
Are you in love with me yet?
Are you in love with me?
Are you in love with my daughter?
Are you in love with somebody else?
Are you in love with somebody?
Are you in love with someone?
Are you in love with that man?
Are you in love with your wife?
Are you in love?
Are you in marketing?
Are you in mourning?
Are you in much pain now?
Are you in much pain today?
Are you in much pain?
Are you in need of anything?
Are you in need of help?
Are you in nursery or something?
Are you in nursery or what?
Are you in nursery school or something?
Are you in nursery school or what?
Are you in on this alone?
Are you in on this?
Are you in pain again?
Are you in pain now?
Are you in pain?
Are you in physical pain?
Are you in place?
Are you in position?
Are you in preschool or something?
Are you in preschool or what?
Are you in shape?
Are you in some kind of trouble?
Are you in summer school?
Are you in that big of a hurry?
Are you in that much of a hurry?
Are you in that much of a rush?
Are you in the Army?
Are you in the Berber language club?
Are you in the Navy?
Are you in the area?
Are you in the bus already?
Are you in the choir now?
Are you in the choir?
Are you in the city or not?
Are you in the courtyard?
Are you in the flood zone?
Are you in the helipad?
Are you in the house alone?
Are you in the house by yourself?
Are you in the house?
Are you in the library?
Are you in the lobby?
Are you in the loop?
Are you in the middle of something?
Are you in the mood for Chinese food?
Are you in the mood for Mozart?
Are you in the mood for caramel ice cream?
Are you in the mood for coffee?
Are you in the mood for oysters?
Are you in the mood for some pizza?
Are you in the mood to discuss?
Are you in the mountains?
Are you in the neighborhood?
Are you in the same class as Tom?
Are you in the same class?
Are you in the sauna?
Are you in the square?
Are you in the third grade?
Are you in the top or bottom bunk?
Are you in the yard?
Are you in therapy?
Are you in there alone?
Are you in there?
Are you in this photo?
Are you in this picture?
Are you in this to win or not?
Are you in touch with Tom?
Are you in touch with your family?
Are you in touch with your parents?
Are you in town or not?
Are you in town?
Are you in trouble again?
Are you in trouble financially?
Are you in trouble or something?
Are you in trouble with the law?
Are you in trouble with the police?
Are you in trouble with your boss?
Are you in trouble, too?
Are you in trouble?
Are you in your apartment?
Are you in your bedroom?
Are you in your right mind?
Are you in?
Are you independent?
Are you indoors?
Are you inebriated?
Are you infected?
Are you infectious?
Are you injured?
Are you innocent?
Are you innovative?
Are you insane?
Are you insecure?
Are you inside?
Are you insinuating something?
Are you inspired by other artists?
Are you inspired?
Are you insulting me?
Are you insured?
Are you intact?
Are you intending to go already?
Are you intentionally trying to confuse me?
Are you interested in Buddhism?
Are you interested in European history?
Are you interested in French?
Are you interested in Islam?
Are you interested in Japanese music?
Are you interested in Tom?
Are you interested in anyone in your class?
Are you interested in art?
Are you interested in astrology?
Are you interested in astronomy?
Are you interested in baseball, Tom?
Are you interested in buying an encyclopedia?
Are you interested in dating Benedito?
Are you interested in doing business in Algeria?
Are you interested in doing that?
Are you interested in fashion or make-up?
Are you interested in flowers?
Are you interested in football?
Are you interested in foreign languages?
Are you interested in going hiking?
Are you interested in going to Boston with me next weekend?
Are you interested in going to the zoo with us?
Are you interested in going with us?
Are you interested in hearing my opinion?
Are you interested in her?
Are you interested in him?
Are you interested in investing in Algeria?
Are you interested in joining our team?
Are you interested in joining the circus?
Are you interested in languages?
Are you interested in learning Berber?
Are you interested in learning English?
Are you interested in learning French?
Are you interested in learning German?
Are you interested in learning a new language?
Are you interested in learning about forest ecosystems?
Are you interested in learning more about Algeria?
Are you interested in machine learning?
Are you interested in me?
Are you interested in modern art?
Are you interested in music?
Are you interested in my opinion?
Are you interested in my true thoughts?
Are you interested in participating in this discussion, Tom?
Are you interested in photography?
Are you interested in politics?
Are you interested in promotional opportunities?
Are you interested in science?
Are you interested in sports?
Are you interested in that girl?
Are you interested in that?
Are you interested in the Berber language?
Are you interested in the job?
Are you interested in the vacancy?
Are you interested in them?
Are you interested in this T-shirt?
Are you interested in this going with us or not?
Are you interested in this?
Are you interested in volleyball?
Are you interested in working with me?
Are you interested?
Are you interrogating me?
Are you interviewing Tom Jackson today?
Are you into Romance languages?
Are you into graphs?
Are you into literary surrealism?
Are you into minimalism?
Are you into that stuff?
Are you intoxicated?
Are you introverted or extraverted?
Are you introverted or extroverted?
Are you inventive?
Are you investigating Tom Jackson?
Are you investigating who killed Tom?
Are you invited?
Are you involved in any art exhibitions?
Are you involved in politics?
Are you involved in this?
Are you involved?
Are you ironing?
Are you jealous of Tom's success?
Are you jealous of Tom?
Are you jealous of her?
Are you jealous of him?
Are you jealous of me?
Are you jealous of them?
Are you jealous of us?
Are you jealous?
Are you joining us for lunch during the break?
Are you joining?
Are you joking me?
Are you joking or are you serious when you say this?
Are you joking or are you serious?
Are you joking, Tom? Or are you taking the piss?
Are you joking, or are you serious?
Are you joking?
Are you joking? I heard something else.
Are you joshin' me?
Are you journalists?
Are you just a paid state propagandist or what?
Are you just being optimistic or do you really think we're going to win?
Are you just eating lunch now?! At 4:00?!
Are you just getting in?
Are you just going to give in?
Are you just going to give up?
Are you just going to let Tom do that?
Are you just going to let Tom leave?
Are you just going to let Tom win?
Are you just going to let this happen?
Are you just going to sit here and not do anything?
Are you just going to sit here?
Are you just going to sit there?
Are you just going to stand there all day?
Are you just going to stand there and masticate in front of everyone?
Are you just going to stand there like a lemon?
Are you just going to stand there?
Are you just going to stay here?
Are you just guessing?
Are you just like me?
Are you just now figuring this out?
Are you just pretending to be sick?
Are you just saying that?
Are you just tired or sick?
Are you keeping a journal?
Are you keeping an eye on someone?
Are you keeping an eye out for someone?
Are you keeping any secrets from me?
Are you keeping busy?
Are you keeping something from me?
Are you keeping up with the latest developments?
Are you kicking me out?
Are you kidding and not speaking in earnest?
Are you kidding me?
Are you kidding me?!
Are you kidding or are you being serious?
Are you kidding or what?
Are you kidding us?
Are you kidding, or are you serious?
Are you kidding?
Are you kidding? He'll piss himself with joy.
Are you kidding? I'm jumping for joy!
Are you kids alone?
Are you kids going to be here again tomorrow?
Are you kids having fun?
Are you kids hungry?
Are you kids tired?
Are you knackered?
Are you knocking on the window?
Are you knowing the girl who is over there?
Are you lactose intolerant?
Are you ladies alone?
Are you ladies from Saint-Étienne?
Are you lame?
Are you last?
Are you laughing at me?
Are you laughing at us?
Are you laughing?
Are you lazy or just incompetent?
Are you lazy?
Are you leading a double life?
Are you learning Berber?
Are you learning Chinese?
Are you learning English?
Are you learning French?
Are you learning German?
Are you learning Irish on your own?
Are you learning Kazakh?
Are you learning Welsh?
Are you learning new things at work?
Are you learning something from them?
Are you learning two foreign languages at the same time?
Are you learning two languages at once?
Are you learning two languages simultaneously?
Are you leaving Boston?
Are you leaving already?
Are you leaving at the end of the month?
Are you leaving by train or by plane?
Are you leaving for class?
Are you leaving for good?
Are you leaving now?
Are you leaving right away?
Are you leaving so early?
Are you leaving soon?
Are you leaving today?
Are you leaving tomorrow?
Are you leaving tonight?
Are you leaving, too?
Are you leaving?
Are you left-handed?
Are you less nervous today?
Are you liberal?
Are you like Tom?
Are you like her?
Are you like him?
Are you likely to do that?
Are you likely to get arrested?
Are you likely to go there?
Are you limping?
Are you listening closely?
Are you listening to English?
Are you listening to him?
Are you listening to me at all?
Are you listening to me?
Are you listening to music?
Are you listening to the news?
Are you listening to the radio?
Are you listening to what I am saying?
Are you listening to what I'm saying?
Are you listening, Tom?
Are you listening?
Are you living a double life?
Are you living alone here?
Are you living alone now?
Are you living here all alone?
Are you living here alone?
Are you living in Boston now?
Are you living in the city?
Are you living with Dad?
Are you loco?
Are you logged in?
Are you lonely?
Are you looking at a crown?
Are you looking at me?
Are you looking at my sibling?
Are you looking for Tom as well?
Are you looking for Tom, too?
Are you looking for Tom?
Are you looking for a big win or enjoying small but consistent wins? 😊
Are you looking for a definite article?
Are you looking for a job abroad?
Are you looking for a job?
Are you looking for a job? There's an opening in our office.
Are you looking for a new apartment?
Are you looking for a new job?
Are you looking for a ring?
Are you looking for a specific product?
Are you looking for a suit? For what occasion?
Are you looking for an interpreter?
Are you looking for another job?
Are you looking for anyone in particular?
Are you looking for anything in particular?
Are you looking for bread?
Are you looking for criticism or validation?
Are you looking for forgiveness?
Are you looking for full-time or part-time work?
Are you looking for her?
Are you looking for him?
Are you looking for me?
Are you looking for more friends?
Are you looking for more neighbors?
Are you looking for oil in the area?
Are you looking for somebody?
Are you looking for someone in particular?
Are you looking for someone?
Are you looking for something a lot more challenging?
Are you looking for something else?
Are you looking for something in particular?
Are you looking for something specific?
Are you looking for something to do in Boston?
Are you looking for something?
Are you looking for the boy wearing a blue sweater?
Are you looking for them?
Are you looking for these?
Are you looking for this?
Are you looking for travel tips for your trip?
Are you looking for trouble?
Are you looking for us?
Are you looking for work?
Are you looking for your next job?
Are you looking for your parents?
Are you looking forward to Christmas?
Are you looking forward to doing that?
Are you looking forward to spring?
Are you looking forward to the weekend?
Are you looking to buy something?
Are you looking to sell?
Are you looking?
Are you losing muscle mass?
Are you losing weight?
Are you losing your head?
Are you losing your mind?
Are you losing?
Are you lost by any chance?
Are you lost?
Are you lot awake?
Are you lot having fun?
Are you lot homeless?
Are you lot hungry?
Are you lot not coming?
Are you lot still hungry?
Are you loved?
Are you loyal?
Are you lucky or unlucky?
Are you lucky?
Are you lying as well?
Are you lying right now?
Are you lying straight to my face?
Are you lying to me?
Are you lying?
Are you mad about something?
Are you mad at Tom?
Are you mad at me?
Are you mad or something?
Are you mad that you should do such a thing?
Are you mad that you should stay up all night playing cards?
Are you mad with me?
Are you mad, or what?
Are you mad?
Are you mad? What are you playing at, just taking my car keys without asking?
Are you mad? What do you think you're doing, just taking my car keys without asking?
Are you magicians?
Are you maintaining a balanced diet?
Are you making Tom a sandwich?
Are you making a face?
Are you making a pass at me?
Are you making a sandwich for Tom?
Are you making a scene?
Are you making any progress toward a solution to your problem?
Are you making friends here?
Are you making fun of me for speaking Berber?
Are you making fun of me or do you seriously think so?
Are you making fun of me or what? That's thrice now that I've told you to stop talking and to pay attention to the class.
Are you making fun of me or what? That’s thrice now that I’ve told you to stop talking and to pay attention to the class.
Are you making fun of me?
Are you making her a sandwich?
Are you making him a sandwich?
Are you making money online?
Are you making plans for the summer?
Are you making progress?
Are you making sandwiches?
Are you making some sort of threat, Tom?
Are you making something to eat?
Are you making them sandwiches?
Are you making this house?
Are you making this up?
Are you making us sandwiches?
Are you managing your time effectively?
Are you marginalized at work?
Are you married now?
Are you married or are you single?
Are you married or not?
Are you married or single?
Are you married or single? Do you live alone or are you in a relationship?
Are you married to Tom?
Are you married to an Algerian?
Are you married, divorced or single?
Are you married, divorced, or single?
Are you married, separated, or single?
Are you married?
Are you marrying him for his money?
Are you materialistic?
Are you mature in your interactions with others?
Are you mean?
Are you meditating?
Are you meeting Ziri for the first time?
Are you meeting a girl tonight?
Are you meeting someone here?
Are you mentally challenged?
Are you mentally ill?
Are you meshuga?
Are you messaging?
Are you messing with me?
Are you methodical?
Are you miserable doing that?
Are you miserable?
Are you misgendering me?
Are you misinformed or just jealous?
Are you missing Tom?
Are you missing something?
Are you missionaries?
Are you mocking me?
Are you modest?
Are you more a summer person or a winter person?
Are you more likely to believe a story if it confirms your pre-existing beliefs? That is called confirmation bias.
Are you more likely to get worse ovulation pains if you have a tipped uterus?
Are you more of a leader or a follower?
Are you more sore feet or hands?
Are you motivated now?
Are you motivated to work hard?
Are you motivated?
Are you moving back home?
Are you moving back to Kabylie?
Are you moving to Boston?
Are you moving to Kabylie?
Are you moving?
Are you my bodyguard?
Are you my bodyguards?
Are you my boss now?
Are you my copilot?
Are you my cousin?
Are you my daughter's boyfriend?
Are you my doctor?
Are you my enemy?
Are you my escort?
Are you my father?
Are you my friend or my enemy?
Are you my friend or not?
Are you my friend?
Are you my friends?
Are you my landlady?
Are you my landlord?
Are you my lawyer?
Are you my mommy?
Are you my mother?
Are you my mummy?
Are you my nanny?
Are you my new dad?
Are you my new daddy?
Are you my new mom?
Are you my new mommy?
Are you my real father?
Are you my real mom?
Are you my real mommy?
Are you my real mother?
Are you my ride home?
Are you my son's girlfriend?
Are you my surgeon?
Are you my waiter?
Are you naked?
Are you named after a saint?
Are you naturally blonde?
Are you naturally curly?
Are you nearby?
Are you nearsighted?
Are you neat?
Are you nervous about the test?
Are you nervous about the upcoming exam?
Are you nervous doing that?
Are you nervous?
Are you never content?
Are you never plagued by feelings of guilt?
Are you new here?
Are you new, too?
Are you new?
Are you newcomers?
Are you newlyweds?
Are you nice to Maria?
Are you no longer in pain?
Are you no longer saying anything?
Are you no longer together?
Are you non-binary?
Are you nonbinary?
Are you normal?
Are you normally this quiet?
Are you not Canadian?
Are you not OK with this?
Are you not a cab driver?
Are you not a doctor?
Are you not a hunter anymore?
Are you not a man?
Are you not a policeman?
Are you not a soldier?
Are you not a student?
Are you not a teacher?
Are you not a woman?
Are you not able to do it?
Are you not able to speak English?
Are you not afraid?
Are you not alone?
Are you not amused?
Are you not angry?
Are you not ashamed of yourself?
Are you not ashamed of yourselves, you bold girls, to run after a young man in that way over the fields? Is that good behaviour?
Are you not ashamed to laugh at her, poor thing!
Are you not cold?
Are you not comfortable?
Are you not coming back?
Are you not coming down?
Are you not coming home?
Are you not coming in?
Are you not coming?
Are you not convinced?
Are you not curious?
Are you not dancing?
Are you not doing well?
Are you not done?
Are you not dressed yet?
Are you not drinking?
Are you not eating here?
Are you not enjoying the show? How pitiful!
Are you not exaggerating?
Are you not feeling OK?
Are you not feeling well?
Are you not freaked out?
Are you not frightened?
Are you not from here?
Are you not full yet?
Are you not getting in?
Are you not getting on?
Are you not getting up?
Are you not going back?
Are you not going in?
Are you not going out?
Are you not going to be here?
Are you not going to build skyscrapers in France?
Are you not going to eat?
Are you not going to help me?
Are you not going to stay?
Are you not going to tell me?
Are you not going to the movies?
Are you not going?
Are you not good at math?
Are you not happy here?
Are you not happy now?
Are you not happy?
Are you not having fun?
Are you not hungry?
Are you not impressed?
Are you not in pain?
Are you not in the mood?
Are you not interested?
Are you not men?
Are you not on the list?
Are you not pleased?
Are you not ready?
Are you not satisfied with the Japanese writing system?
Are you not satisfied?
Are you not saying anything?
Are you not scared?
Are you not seeing what's happening?
Are you not single?
Are you not sleepy?
Are you not surprised?
Are you not the owner of this house?
Are you not tired?
Are you not well?
Are you not worried about being left alone?
Are you not worried?
Are you novices?
Are you now married?
Are you now on the train?
Are you now or have you ever been a member of the Communist Party of the United States?
Are you now working part-time or full-time?
Are you now, or have you ever been, a communist?
Are you nurses?
Are you nuts or what?
Are you nuts?
Are you obedient?
Are you objecting?
Are you objective?
Are you obliged to do that?
Are you obliged to go there?
Are you observant?
Are you obsessed with her?
Are you of age?
Are you off already?
Are you off duty tonight?
Are you off for your date?
Are you off now?
Are you off to save the day?
Are you off tonight?
Are you off your meds?
Are you off your rocker?
Are you offended?
Are you offering me a job?
Are you offering me my job back?
Are you offering to help?
Are you often grumpy?
Are you often ill?
Are you often out and about in your car?
Are you okay with that equipment?
Are you okay with that?
Are you okay with this?
Are you okay, Lucia?
Are you okay?
Are you okay? Are you stressed?
Are you okay? You look really sad.
Are you old enough to drink?
Are you old enough to drive?
Are you old enough to smoke?
Are you old enough to vote?
Are you older or younger?
Are you older than Tom?
Are you older than eighteen years old?
Are you older than me?
Are you on Facebook?
Are you on Tom's team?
Are you on a baseball team?
Are you on a break?
Are you on a budget?
Are you on a case?
Are you on a date?
Are you on a diet?
Are you on a hike?
Are you on a team?
Are you on a trip?
Are you on an errand?
Are you on any committees?
Are you on any medication at the moment?
Are you on any medication right now?
Are you on any medications?
Are you on any meds?
Are you on any sports teams?
Are you on anything?
Are you on board with the decision?
Are you on board with this?
Are you on board?
Are you on campus?
Are you on crack?
Are you on dope?
Are you on drugs or something?
Are you on drugs?
Are you on duty Monday?
Are you on duty all day?
Are you on duty all night?
Are you on duty next Monday?
Are you on duty now?
Are you on duty today?
Are you on duty tomorrow?
Are you on duty tonight?
Are you on duty?
Are you on edge?
Are you on foot?
Are you on good terms with Tom?
Are you on good terms with her?
Are you on good terms with him?
Are you on good terms with them?
Are you on good terms?
Are you on guard duty?
Are you on holiday?
Are you on leave?
Are you on medication?
Are you on my side?
Are you on my team?
Are you on night duty?
Are you on our side?
Are you on parole?
Are you on patrol?
Are you on schedule?
Are you on social media?
Are you on some kind of medication?
Are you on some sort of medication?
Are you on something?
Are you on strike?
Are you on television?
Are you on the baseball team?
Are you on the committee?
Are you on the guest list?
Are you on the job?
Are you on the lam?
Are you on the level, Ken?
Are you on the list?
Are you on the phone talking to your Canadian friend?
Are you on the right path?
Are you on the road again?
Are you on the road?
Are you on the run?
Are you on the team?
Are you on the train now?
Are you on the way home?
Are you on the way?
Are you on tour?
Are you on vacation here?
Are you on vacation?
Are you on welfare?
Are you on your feet?
Are you on your own?
Are you on your period?
Are you on your way home?
Are you on your way to the station?
Are you on your way to the tennis court?
Are you on your way tonight?
Are you one of Dr. Jackson's patients?
Are you one of Tom's children?
Are you one of Tom's daughters?
Are you one of Tom's friends?
Are you one of Tom's relatives?
Are you one of Tom's sons?
Are you one of Tom's students?
Are you one of my cousins?
Are you one of the backup singers?
Are you one of the cheerleaders?
Are you one of the people that was here yesterday?
Are you one of the people who had to be here yesterday?
Are you one of the servants here?
Are you one of the survivors of flight 111?
Are you one of them?
Are you one of us?
Are you online?
Are you open for business on Sunday?
Are you open for suggestions?
Are you open now?
Are you open on Monday?
Are you open on Saturday?
Are you open on Sunday?
Are you open on Sundays?
Are you open to constructive feedback at work?
Are you open to learning?
Are you open to my straightforward opinion?
Are you open to new perspectives?
Are you open to this?
Are you open tonight?
Are you open-minded?
Are you open?
Are you opportunistic?
Are you opposed?
Are you optimistic about the future of the language?
Are you optimistic about what's going to happen?
Are you optimistic?
Are you ordained?
Are you organized?
Are you originally from Boston?
Are you originally from Finland?
Are you orphans?
Are you orthodox?
Are you our enemy?
Are you our waiter?
Are you out of bed?
Are you out of marshmallows?
Are you out of work?
Are you out of your mind?
Are you out of your mind? You’re not allowed to drink wine.
Are you out of your minds?
Are you out of your skull?
Are you out there?
Are you outside?
Are you over 18?
Are you over 30?
Are you over 60 kilograms?
Are you over eighteen years old?
Are you over eighteen?
Are you over forty?
Are you over thirty years old?
Are you over thirty?
Are you over your cold yet?
Are you over your head in debt?
Are you overweight?
Are you overworked?
Are you overworking yourself lately?
Are you pacifists?
Are you packed and ready to go to Australia?
Are you packed and ready to go to Boston?
Are you packed?
Are you packing your bags for the trip?
Are you packing?
Are you paid well?
Are you painting the floor?
Are you painting?
Are you parents?
Are you parked far away?
Are you part of an artist collective?
Are you part of the talks?
Are you part of this group?
Are you participating?
Are you particular?
Are you partners?
Are you partying?
Are you passengers?
Are you passionate about innovation?
Are you patriotic?
Are you paying attention at all?
Are you paying attention, Yanni?
Are you paying attention?
Are you paying by card or cash?
Are you paying for the taxi?
Are you paying in cash or by check?
Are you paying separately or together?
Are you paying them?
Are you paying together or separately?
Are you paying too much for your car insurance?
Are you paying?
Are you people crazy?
Are you people lost?
Are you people nuts?
Are you people stupid?
Are you perceptive?
Are you perfect?
Are you permitted to do that?
Are you pessimistic?
Are you phoning from Germany?
Are you photographers?
Are you picking me up at 7 tomorrow morning?
Are you picking me up at seven?
Are you picking on me?
Are you picking up anything else?
Are you picking up what I'm putting down?
Are you picking your nose?
Are you picky?
Are you pilgrims?
Are you pirates?
Are you pissed off?
Are you planning a theme party?
Are you planning a trip abroad?
Are you planning a trip anytime soon?
Are you planning a trip?
Are you planning on auditioning for the part?
Are you planning on being here tonight?
Are you planning on being in Australia in October?
Are you planning on being in Boston in October?
Are you planning on buying a car?
Are you planning on buying a house?
Are you planning on buying a new computer?
Are you planning on buying a piano?
Are you planning on doing that anytime soon?
Are you planning on doing that?
Are you planning on doing this with Tom?
Are you planning on eating that all by yourself?
Are you planning on getting Tom something for Christmas?
Are you planning on going to Boston with Tom next weekend?
Are you planning on going to the beach again today?
Are you planning on having children?
Are you planning on helping Tom?
Are you planning on helping them?
Are you planning on learning more languages?
Are you planning on living here?
Are you planning on starting your own business?
Are you planning on staying in Australia a long time?
Are you planning on staying in Australia for a long time?
Are you planning on staying in Boston for a long time?
Are you planning on staying long in Berlin?
Are you planning on staying?
Are you planning on taking Tom with you?
Are you planning on telling Mary why you want her to do that?
Are you planning on telling Mary why you wanted her to do that?
Are you planning on telling Tom and Mary why you want them to do that?
Are you planning on telling Tom and Mary why you wanted them to do that?
Are you planning on telling Tom why you want Mary to do that?
Are you planning on telling Tom why you want him to do that?
Are you planning on telling Tom why you wanted Mary to do that?
Are you planning on telling Tom why you wanted him to do that?
Are you planning on using that?
Are you planning on voting?
Are you planning something special?
Are you planning something?
Are you planning to attend the meeting?
Are you planning to audition for the part?
Are you planning to be at Tom and Mary's wedding?
Are you planning to be here all afternoon?
Are you planning to be here tomorrow?
Are you planning to buy a car?
Are you planning to buy a new bike?
Are you planning to buy a new printer?
Are you planning to buy that?
Are you planning to buy this car?
Are you planning to come get a drink at our place afterwards?
Are you planning to come see me?
Are you planning to do that anytime soon?
Are you planning to do that by yourself?
Are you planning to do that by yourselves?
Are you planning to do that tomorrow?
Are you planning to do that?
Are you planning to eat this?
Are you planning to go Christmas caroling this year?
Are you planning to go abroad?
Are you planning to go fishing tomorrow?
Are you planning to go there?
Are you planning to go to Australia next year?
Are you planning to go to Australia with Tom?
Are you planning to go to Boston tomorrow?
Are you planning to go to Boston with Tom next weekend?
Are you planning to go to Boston with Tom?
Are you planning to go to Tokyo by bus?
Are you planning to go to Tokyo tomorrow?
Are you planning to go to that store?
Are you planning to have a beach picnic today?
Are you planning to have a birthday party this year?
Are you planning to help Tom?
Are you planning to help her?
Are you planning to help him?
Are you planning to help them?
Are you planning to return to Australia soon?
Are you planning to return to Boston soon?
Are you planning to stay for a long time?
Are you planning to stay here for a long time?
Are you planning to stay up all night?
Are you planning to stay?
Are you planning to take any time off?
Are you planning to take part in the meeting?
Are you planning to talk to Tom?
Are you planning to tell Mary why you want her to do that?
Are you planning to tell Mary why you wanted her to do that?
Are you planning to tell Tom and Mary why you want them to do that?
Are you planning to tell Tom and Mary why you wanted them to do that?
Are you planning to tell Tom why you want Mary to do that?
Are you planning to tell Tom why you want him to do that?
Are you planning to tell Tom why you wanted Mary to do that?
Are you planning to tell Tom why you wanted him to do that?
Are you planning to visit the zoo again soon?
Are you planning to work today?
Are you playing chess?
Are you playing croquet?
Are you playing games on your phone?
Are you playing games with me?
Are you playing soccer or rugby?
Are you playing that game again?
Are you playing volleyball?
Are you playing with me, Stef?
Are you playing with me?
Are you playing with my feet?
Are you playing, too?
Are you pleased with the results?
Are you pleased with your new house?
Are you pleased with your new job?
Are you pleased?
Are you plumbers?
Are you pointing at me?
Are you policemen?
Are you polite?
Are you polyamorous?
Are you popular?
Are you positive Tom will do that?
Are you positive about that?
Are you positive it was Tom who broke the window?
Are you positive it was Tom?
Are you positive of that report?
Are you positive that Tom will do that?
Are you positive that it was Tom?
Are you positive that you saw me turn off the stove?
Are you positive that you saw me turn the stove off?
Are you positive you saw me turn off the stove?
Are you positive you saw me turn the stove off?
Are you positive?
Are you possessive?
Are you practical?
Are you practicing your set for open mic night?
Are you praying?
Are you predisposed to obesity?
Are you pregnant yet?
Are you pregnant?
Are you prejudiced?
Are you prepared for an emergency?
Are you prepared for emergencies?
Are you prepared for severe weather?
Are you prepared for that?
Are you prepared for the exam?
Are you prepared for the worst?
Are you prepared for your exam?
Are you prepared to assume responsibility?
Are you prepared to do that?
Are you prepared to do this?
Are you prepared to go to jail?
Are you prepared to just let that happen?
Are you prepared to switch from a wooden floor to ceramic tiles?
Are you prepared to take on the responsibility?
Are you prepared to take responsibility?
Are you prepared?
Are you preparing for Valentine's day?
Are you presentable?
Are you preventing me from smoking here?
Are you priests?
Are you prisoners?
Are you proactive?
Are you productive?
Are you proficient in the software used for this work?
Are you progressing in Berber?
Are you prone to getting dizzy?
Are you proposing to do that?
Are you proposing to me?
Are you proposing we do that?
Are you proposing, knowing that this won't be my first marriage?
Are you proposing, knowing that this won’t be my first marriage?
Are you protesting?
Are you protestors?
Are you proud of me?
Are you proud of where you come from?
Are you proud of who you've become?
Are you proud of your country?
Are you proud of your father?
Are you proud of your wealth?
Are you proud of your work?
Are you proud of yourself?
Are you proud?
Are you prudent?
Are you psyched?
Are you psychic?
Are you psychopaths?
Are you psychotic?
Are you published?
Are you pulling my leg?
Are you punctual?
Are you puzzled?
Are you qualified to do that?
Are you qualified?
Are you quarreling?
Are you questioning God?
Are you questioning Tom's probity?
Are you questioning me?
Are you questioning my authority?
Are you questioning my character?
Are you questioning my decision?
Are you questioning my integrity?
Are you questioning my judgment on this matter?
Are you questioning my judgment?
Are you questioning my loyalty?
Are you questioning my methods?
Are you questioning my motives?
Are you questioning my orders?
Are you questioning my plan?
Are you quite certain about it?
Are you quite certain it was Tom you saw doing that?
Are you quite finished with this?
Are you quite satisfied with your new house?
Are you quite sure about that?
Are you quite sure it was Tom you saw doing that?
Are you quite sure it was yesterday?
Are you quite sure it's OK to do this?
Are you quite sure it's OK?
Are you quite sure it's all right?
Are you quite sure that it was Tom you saw doing that?
Are you quite sure?
Are you quitting your job?
Are you quitting?
Are you quoting Abraham Lincoln?
Are you racist?
Are you racists?
Are you rattled?
Are you reading "The Count of Monte Cristo"?
Are you reading a book at the moment?
Are you reading a book?
Are you reading a chick book?
Are you reading an interesting book?
Are you reading anything?
Are you reading something interesting?
Are you reading that book?
Are you reading that magazine?
Are you reading the Bible?
Are you reading this book tonight?
Are you reading this, arrogant motherfucker?
Are you reading?
Are you ready already?
Are you ready for Christmas?
Are you ready for Halloween?
Are you ready for Y2K?
Are you ready for a challenge?
Are you ready for a creative challenge?
Are you ready for a fun and relaxing picnic?
Are you ready for a road trip?
Are you ready for adventure?
Are you ready for adventures?
Are you ready for an adventure?
Are you ready for another drink?
Are you ready for battle?
Are you ready for bed?
Are you ready for cold weather?
Are you ready for command?
Are you ready for dessert?
Are you ready for dinner?
Are you ready for endless fun?
Are you ready for it?
Are you ready for learning Berber?
Are you ready for more?
Are you ready for retirement?
Are you ready for some Halloween fun?
Are you ready for some fun?
Are you ready for some good news?
Are you ready for some ice cream?
Are you ready for some more?
Are you ready for something new?
Are you ready for spring?
Are you ready for that challenge?
Are you ready for that?
Are you ready for the Berber test?
Are you ready for the Halloween party?
Are you ready for the bad news?
Are you ready for the battle?
Are you ready for the challenge?
Are you ready for the meeting?
Are you ready for the next problem?
Are you ready for the next step?
Are you ready for the poker game tomorrow?
Are you ready for the race?
Are you ready for the speaking activity in class?
Are you ready for the test?
Are you ready for the trip?
Are you ready for the truth?
Are you ready for the unexpected expenses?
Are you ready for the worst-case scenario?
Are you ready for the year 2012?
Are you ready for this deep film?
Are you ready for this?
Are you ready for today's exam?
Are you ready for today's game?
Are you ready for today's meeting?
Are you ready for tomorrow?
Are you ready for tonight?
Are you ready for what's going to happen?
Are you ready for your big date?
Are you ready for your big day?
Are you ready for your business trip to Algeria?
Are you ready for your trip?
Are you ready now?
Are you ready to admit that you're wrong?
Are you ready to admit you're wrong?
Are you ready to begin?
Are you ready to celebrate?
Are you ready to come inside?
Are you ready to compete?
Are you ready to convert to Islam?
Are you ready to die for the idea?
Are you ready to die for your ideals?
Are you ready to die?
Are you ready to do that?
Are you ready to do this?
Are you ready to eat insects?
Are you ready to eat?
Are you ready to explore new creative avenues?
Are you ready to face new challenges?
Are you ready to fight?
Are you ready to fly?
Are you ready to go back?
Are you ready to go home now?
Are you ready to go home?
Are you ready to go out?
Are you ready to go to the mall?
Are you ready to go to the mosque?
Are you ready to go to the store?
Are you ready to go to the table?
Are you ready to go treasure hunting?
Are you ready to go yet?
Are you ready to go?
Are you ready to have a good time?
Are you ready to have fun?
Are you ready to hear the bad news?
Are you ready to help us?
Are you ready to learn Klingon?
Are you ready to learn more?
Are you ready to leave?
Are you ready to listen to me?
Are you ready to make that phone call?
Are you ready to meet your Lord?
Are you ready to meet your maker?
Are you ready to negotiate?
Are you ready to order now?
Are you ready to order yet?
Are you ready to order?
Are you ready to party?
Are you ready to play ball?
Are you ready to play?
Are you ready to proceed, Ziri?
Are you ready to proceed?
Are you ready to put it in?
Are you ready to reinvent yourself?
Are you ready to rock?
Are you ready to see other parts of Algeria?
Are you ready to set off?
Are you ready to start playing?
Are you ready to start this crazy adventure?
Are you ready to start working?
Are you ready to start your journey?
Are you ready to start?
Are you ready to stop haggling? It's a good price.
Are you ready to study Klingon?
Are you ready to take over if Tom can't work anymore?
Are you ready to take responsibility for it?
Are you ready to take your shahada?
Are you ready to talk about it?
Are you ready to talk to me now?
Are you ready to tell me what happened?
Are you ready to trade your personal freedoms for Big Brother?
Are you ready to work?
Are you ready yet?
Are you ready, Tom?
Are you ready?
Are you real sure about that?
Are you real?
Are you really Canadian?
Are you really Italian?
Are you really OK, Tom?
Are you really OK?
Are you really Tom Jackson?
Are you really Tom's brother?
Are you really Tom's girlfriend?
Are you really Tom?
Are you really a Canadian?
Are you really a bachelor?
Are you really a barber?
Are you really a billionaire?
Are you really a blonde?
Are you really a bounty hunter?
Are you really a carpenter?
Are you really a clergyman?
Are you really a college student?
Are you really a construction worker?
Are you really a cop?
Are you really a dad?
Are you really a dentist?
Are you really a doctor?
Are you really a father?
Are you really a foreigner?
Are you really a fortune teller?
Are you really a high school student?
Are you really a lawyer?
Are you really a mechanic?
Are you really a mom?
Are you really a monk?
Are you really a mother?
Are you really a multimillionaire?
Are you really a nun?
Are you really a nurse?
Are you really a police officer?
Are you really a policeman?
Are you really a priest?
Are you really a princess?
Are you really a psychiatrist?
Are you really a psychic?
Are you really a rabbi?
Are you really a reporter?
Are you really a spy?
Are you really a surgeon now?
Are you really a teacher now?
Are you really a vegan?
Are you really a vegetarian?
Are you really a wizard?
Are you really able to do that?
Are you really able to speak French?
Are you really afraid to be in the same room with Tom?
Are you really afraid?
Are you really all alone now?
Are you really alone?
Are you really always here or not?
Are you really an alien?
Are you really as old as you say you are?
Are you really as strong as you say you are?
Are you really as young as you say you are?
Are you really asking or is it a rhetorical question?
Are you really awake?
Are you really breaking in during a time like this?
Are you really busy?
Are you really buying this for me?
Are you really charging $30?
Are you really cis, or do you just think you're cis because you're allistic?
Are you really coming?
Are you really confused about when to start?
Are you really deaf?
Are you really done?
Are you really enjoying yourself?
Are you really enjoying yourselves?
Are you really expecting me to believe that?
Are you really expecting that?
Are you really from Algeria?
Are you really from Australia?
Are you really from Boston?
Are you really from China?
Are you really from Germany?
Are you really from around here?
Are you really from here?
Are you really going alone?
Are you really going on a date with Tom?
Are you really going out on such a cold day? I think you’d be better off not going out.
Are you really going to Australia next month?
Are you really going to Australia the day after tomorrow?
Are you really going to Australia to study art?
Are you really going to Australia to study?
Are you really going to Australia with Tom?
Are you really going to Boston next weekend?
Are you really going to Boston to study art?
Are you really going to Boston tomorrow?
Are you really going to Boston with Tom?
Are you really going to Boston?
Are you really going to London to study?
Are you really going to allow this?
Are you really going to ask Mary to the prom?
Are you really going to break up with Tom?
Are you really going to buy one of those?
Are you really going to buy that car?
Are you really going to buy that hat?
Are you really going to buy this watch? Have you seen how rusty it is? Please reconsider because you have such poor taste in watches!
Are you really going to buy this?
Are you really going to buy those shoes?
Are you really going to cook dinner for us?
Are you really going to do that by yourself?
Are you really going to do that by yourselves?
Are you really going to do that today?
Are you really going to do that?
Are you really going to do this?
Are you really going to drink that?
Are you really going to eat all that?
Are you really going to eat that?
Are you really going to get your license revoked?
Are you really going to give this to Tom?
Are you really going to go out on such a cold day? Why don’t you reconsider?
Are you really going to go to Australia by yourself?
Are you really going to go to Australia next summer?
Are you really going to go to Boston by yourself?
Are you really going to go to Boston next summer?
Are you really going to let Mary go there by herself?
Are you really going to let Tom and Mary go there by themselves?
Are you really going to let Tom cook dinner tonight?
Are you really going to let Tom do that?
Are you really going to let Tom drive?
Are you really going to let Tom go there by himself?
Are you really going to let Tom win?
Are you really going to make me do that?
Are you really going to move to Australia?
Are you really going to move to Boston?
Are you really going to press charges against Tom?
Are you really going to refuse Tom's help?
Are you really going to retire next month?
Are you really going to sell Tom your motorcycle?
Are you really going to skip school tomorrow?
Are you really going to spend all Valentine's Day with Tom?
Are you really going to spend the rest of your life here?
Are you really going to spend your life here?
Are you really going to steal one?
Are you really going to talk to her?
Are you really going to wear that dress?
Are you really going to wear that tie?
Are you really going to wear that?
Are you really happy here?
Are you really happy with this line of work?
Are you really happy with your husband?
Are you really happy?
Are you really having fun?
Are you really here to stay?
Are you really hungry?
Are you really in control?
Are you really interested in my honest opinion?
Are you really interested in that?
Are you really interested?
Are you really just giving it away?
Are you really just giving up?
Are you really knitting Tom a sweater?
Are you really learning French?
Are you really learning German? Since when?
Are you really leaving work early today?
Are you really letting Tom into your home?
Are you really listening, or just waiting for your turn to speak?
Are you really married?
Are you really meeting me?
Are you really my sister?
Are you really not able to forgive Tom?
Are you really not able to swim?
Are you really not able to understand French?
Are you really not coming back?
Are you really not coming?
Are you really not going to be busy tomorrow?
Are you really not going to do that?
Are you really not going to eat that?
Are you really not going to invite Tom to your party?
Are you really not going to let Tom drive?
Are you really not going to let me help you?
Are you really not going to study for tomorrow's test?
Are you really not going?
Are you really not happy here?
Are you really not interested in going to Boston with us?
Are you really not mad at me?
Are you really not married?
Are you really not planning to go anywhere over the summer?
Are you really okay?
Are you really only thirteen?
Are you really planning on doing that?
Are you really planning on sitting in the back?
Are you really planning on walking to Boston?
Are you really planning to do that tomorrow?
Are you really planning to do that?
Are you really planning to go to Boston with Tom?
Are you really planning to sell your motorcycle to Tom?
Are you really planning to sit in the back?
Are you really planning to spend the rest of your life here?
Are you really ready to help?
Are you really serious about going to Australia?
Are you really serious about going to Boston?
Are you really sick?
Are you really single?
Are you really staying at the Hilton?
Are you really supposed to do it that way?
Are you really sure it's yours, Rachel?
Are you really sure that this is a safe place?
Are you really sure that this is what you want to do?
Are you really sure that we're safe here?
Are you really sure this is a safe place?
Are you really sure this place is safe?
Are you really sure we're safe here?
Are you really sure you want to get the whole truth uncovered on this mysterious fill?
Are you really sure?
Are you really that busy?
Are you really that desperate?
Are you really that gullible?
Are you really that happy?
Are you really that ignorant?
Are you really that naive?
Are you really that oblivious?
Are you really that stupid?
Are you really the one who designed this?
Are you really the one who did that?
Are you really the one who donated all that money?
Are you really thinking about getting married?
Are you really thinking about moving to Australia?
Are you really thinking about moving to Boston?
Are you really thinking about what's best for Tom?
Are you really thinking of buying that old car?
Are you really too busy?
Are you really trying to lose weight?
Are you really trying?
Are you really twins?
Are you really willing to do that?
Are you really willing to do this for free?
Are you really willing to help me paint my house?
Are you really willing to help?
Are you really willing to pay that much?
Are you reconsidering?
Are you recording a new song soon?
Are you recording this conversation?
Are you recording this?
Are you recording us right now?
Are you redecorating?
Are you referring to me?
Are you refugees?
Are you refurnishing?
Are you refusing my request?
Are you refusing to obey me?
Are you refusing?
Are you registered to vote?
Are you registered users?
Are you registered?
Are you rehearsing?
Are you related or distantly related to anyone famous?
Are you related to Tom?
Are you related to anyone famous?
Are you related to her?
Are you related to him?
Are you related to me?
Are you related to the Nagashima family?
Are you related to the Nagashimas?
Are you related to them?
Are you related to us?
Are you related?
Are you relatives?
Are you relaxed?
Are you relaxing?
Are you reliable?
Are you religious?
Are you reluctant to go there?
Are you reluctant to let other people drive your car?
Are you remodeling?
Are you remorseful?
Are you renovating?
Are you renting?
Are you reorganizing?
Are you reporters?
Are you reporting a crime?
Are you requesting an enhancement or reporting an error?
Are you resigning?
Are you resourceful?
Are you respectable?
Are you responsible for all of this?
Are you responsible for all this?
Are you responsible for this mess?
Are you responsible for this?
Are you responsible for what happened?
Are you rested?
Are you resting?
Are you retarded or something?
Are you retarded?
Are you retired, Tom?
Are you retired?
Are you retiring soon?
Are you retiring?
Are you reviewing the documents?
Are you rich?
Are you right-handed?
Are you ringing from Germany?
Are you robbers?
Are you romantic?
Are you roommates?
Are you runaways?
Are you running a fever?
Are you running a temperature?
Are you running around with that homeless guy again?
Are you running away from jail for running so fast?
Are you running fast?
Are you running for city council?
Are you rushing to finish the project?
Are you rustlers?
Are you ruthless?
Are you sad?
Are you sad? Laughter is the best medicine.
Are you safe and comfortable?
Are you safe?
Are you salivating?
Are you sane?
Are you satisfied now?
Are you satisfied or dissatisfied?
Are you satisfied with Tom's achievements?
Are you satisfied with how things turned out?
Are you satisfied with it?
Are you satisfied with my explanation?
Are you satisfied with that?
Are you satisfied with the hotel?
Are you satisfied with the life you're living?
Are you satisfied with the new house?
Are you satisfied with the political situation in your country?
Are you satisfied with the result?
Are you satisfied with the results?
Are you satisfied with the service here?
Are you satisfied with this choice?
Are you satisfied with this?
Are you satisfied with your daily life?
Are you satisfied with your job?
Are you satisfied with your life?
Are you satisfied with your parenting?
Are you satisfied with your work?
Are you satisfied, Tom?
Are you satisfied, finally?
Are you satisfied?
Are you savages?
Are you saving money to buy something? If so, what?
Are you saving this seat for someone?
Are you saying I can't go with you?
Are you saying I can't go?
Are you saying I cheated?
Are you saying I don't have a chance?
Are you saying I don't have a choice?
Are you saying I have a problem?
Are you saying I have no sense of humor?
Are you saying I shouldn't be doing this?
Are you saying I shouldn't be here?
Are you saying I shouldn't trust Tom?
Are you saying I smell bad?
Are you saying I was right?
Are you saying I was wrong?
Are you saying I'll lose?
Are you saying I'm a coward?
Are you saying I'm a fool?
Are you saying I'm a liar?
Are you saying I'm a pig?
Are you saying I'm biased?
Are you saying I'm boring?
Are you saying I'm clumsy?
Are you saying I'm cool?
Are you saying I'm crazy?
Are you saying I'm drunk?
Are you saying I'm dumb?
Are you saying I'm fat?
Are you saying I'm fired?
Are you saying I'm impolite?
Are you saying I'm mad?
Are you saying I'm mean?
Are you saying I'm nosy?
Are you saying I'm not allowed to do that?
Are you saying I'm old?
Are you saying I'm rude?
Are you saying I'm sacked?
Are you saying I'm senile?
Are you saying I'm skinny?
Are you saying I'm stupid?
Are you saying I'm the one?
Are you saying I'm ugly?
Are you saying I'm unfair?
Are you saying I'm weak?
Are you saying I'm wrong?
Are you saying I'm yellow?
Are you saying Tom and Mary are dangerous?
Are you saying Tom and Mary are liars?
Are you saying Tom and Mary are the ones who stole your bicycle?
Are you saying Tom and Mary are thieves?
Are you saying Tom and Mary aren't Canadians?
Are you saying Tom and Mary aren't from Boston?
Are you saying Tom and Mary aren't happy?
Are you saying Tom and Mary aren't the ones who did that?
Are you saying Tom and Mary aren't the ones who helped you?
Are you saying Tom and Mary were right?
Are you saying Tom and Mary were the ones who broke the window?
Are you saying Tom and Mary were wrong?
Are you saying Tom did it?
Are you saying Tom did that?
Are you saying Tom didn't do that?
Are you saying Tom didn't have to do that?
Are you saying Tom didn't help at all?
Are you saying Tom didn't help you at all?
Are you saying Tom didn't help you?
Are you saying Tom didn't need to do that?
Are you saying Tom didn't want to do that?
Are you saying Tom didn't win?
Are you saying Tom hates Mary?
Are you saying Tom is a liar?
Are you saying Tom is a nerd?
Are you saying Tom is a thief?
Are you saying Tom is alive?
Are you saying Tom is back?
Are you saying Tom is blind?
Are you saying Tom is crazy?
Are you saying Tom is cured?
Are you saying Tom is dangerous?
Are you saying Tom is dead?
Are you saying Tom is dying?
Are you saying Tom is evil?
Are you saying Tom is fat?
Are you saying Tom is guilty?
Are you saying Tom is here?
Are you saying Tom is in there?
Are you saying Tom is injured?
Are you saying Tom is innocent?
Are you saying Tom is leaving?
Are you saying Tom is lovesick?
Are you saying Tom is lying?
Are you saying Tom is missing?
Are you saying Tom is sick?
Are you saying Tom is the one who stole your bicycle?
Are you saying Tom is thirty?
Are you saying Tom is ugly?
Are you saying Tom isn't Canadian?
Are you saying Tom isn't from Australia?
Are you saying Tom isn't from Boston?
Are you saying Tom isn't guilty?
Are you saying Tom isn't happy here?
Are you saying Tom isn't happy?
Are you saying Tom isn't here?
Are you saying Tom isn't innocent?
Are you saying Tom isn't the one who did that?
Are you saying Tom isn't the one who helped you?
Are you saying Tom killed Mary?
Are you saying Tom lied to me?
Are you saying Tom lied?
Are you saying Tom might be autistic?
Are you saying Tom stole your jewelry?
Are you saying Tom wanted to hire Mary?
Are you saying Tom was busy?
Are you saying Tom was one of them?
Are you saying Tom was right?
Are you saying Tom was the one who broke the window?
Are you saying Tom was wrong?
Are you saying Tom won't help us?
Are you saying Tom's hiding something from us?
Are you saying Ziri is evil?
Are you saying it's acceptable?
Are you saying it's not safe here?
Are you saying it's over?
Are you saying my life is in danger?
Are you saying no?
Are you saying she lied to me the whole time?
Are you saying that I don't have a brain?
Are you saying that I killed Tom?
Are you saying that I was right?
Are you saying that I'm a liar?
Are you saying that Tom and Mary are bad teachers?
Are you saying that Tom and Mary are liars?
Are you saying that Tom and Mary are traitors?
Are you saying that Tom can't understand French at all?
Are you saying that Tom did that?
Are you saying that Tom is a bad teacher?
Are you saying that Tom is a traitor?
Are you saying that Tom is dangerous?
Are you saying that Tom was busy?
Are you saying that Tom was right?
Are you saying that Tom's crazy?
Are you saying that because you're afraid?
Are you saying that because you’re afraid?
Are you saying that for any particular reason?
Are you saying that for real?
Are you saying that my life is in danger?
Are you saying that our plan was accepted? I hope you're not showing me any premature happiness here.
Are you saying that our plan was accepted? I hope you’re not showing me any premature happiness here.
Are you saying that that's wrong?
Are you saying that the accident was Tom's fault?
Are you saying that there's still a chance that we can get this done on time?
Are you saying that there's still a chance we can get this done on time?
Are you saying that this is my fault?
Are you saying that this isn't the case?
Are you saying that you aren't going to do that?
Are you saying that you aren't going?
Are you saying that you didn't write this?
Are you saying that you don't believe me?
Are you saying that you don't have enough money?
Are you saying that you don't know how to do this?
Are you saying that you don't like Halloween?
Are you saying that you don't like it here?
Are you saying that you don't love Tom?
Are you saying that you don't remember?
Are you saying that you don't think I can do it?
Are you saying that you don't think that I can do it?
Are you saying that you don't want Tom to come to your party?
Are you saying that you don't want to do that?
Are you saying that you don't want to do this?
Are you saying that you don't want to go with us?
Are you saying that you don't want to see me anymore?
Are you saying that you give up?
Are you saying that you killed Tom?
Are you saying that you really don't know how to swim?
Are you saying that you think I can do that?
Are you saying that you'd rather stay here than go with us?
Are you saying that your house is haunted?
Are you saying that's not true?
Are you saying that's true?
Are you saying that's wrong?
Are you saying there are strangers inside our house now?
Are you saying there were problems?
Are you saying there's still a chance Tom will graduate with the rest of his class?
Are you saying there's still a chance that Tom will graduate with the rest of his class?
Are you saying there's still a chance that that'll happen?
Are you saying there's still a chance that we can get this done on time?
Are you saying there's still a chance that'll happen?
Are you saying there's still a chance we can get this done on time?
Are you saying there's still a chance?
Are you saying they're all bad?
Are you saying this doesn't matter?
Are you saying this is my fault?
Are you saying this isn't the case?
Are you saying we shouldn't be doing this?
Are you saying what I think you're saying?
Are you saying you aren't going to do that?
Are you saying you aren't going?
Are you saying you aren't the one who did that?
Are you saying you can fix it?
Are you saying you can see into the future?
Are you saying you can't fix it?
Are you saying you didn't do so?
Are you saying you didn't do that?
Are you saying you didn't know about this?
Are you saying you didn't write this?
Are you saying you don't know how to do this?
Are you saying you don't know where Tom hid the diamonds?
Are you saying you don't know?
Are you saying you don't like it here?
Are you saying you don't like it?
Are you saying you don't like swimming?
Are you saying you don't like this?
Are you saying you don't owe me anything?
Are you saying you don't think I can do it?
Are you saying you don't think that I can do it?
Are you saying you don't trust me?
Are you saying you don't want Tom to come to your party?
Are you saying you don't want to be a teacher anymore?
Are you saying you don't want to be here with me?
Are you saying you don't want to do that?
Are you saying you don't want to do this?
Are you saying you don't want to go to Tom's party?
Are you saying you don't want to go?
Are you saying you don't want to help us paint the ceiling?
Are you saying you don't want to marry me anymore?
Are you saying you intentionally hide your good looks?
Are you saying you know where Tom hid the diamonds?
Are you saying you love me?
Are you saying you won't help us?
Are you saying you'd rather stay here than go with us?
Are you saying you'll handle that?
Are you saying you're not going to college?
Are you scared about something?
Are you scared already?
Are you scared because I'm unshaven? Unless it's because I'm not more than two meters away. A bit of both?
Are you scared now?
Are you scared of Tom?
Are you scared of anyone?
Are you scared of big trucks?
Are you scared of dogs?
Are you scared of dying alone?
Are you scared of dying?
Are you scared of ghosts?
Are you scared of her?
Are you scared of him?
Are you scared of me?
Are you scared of snakes?
Are you scared of someone?
Are you scared of something?
Are you scared of them?
Are you scared of thunderstorms?
Are you scared of us?
Are you scared of what lies ahead?
Are you scared of your dad?
Are you scared to be alone?
Are you scared to go alone?
Are you scared to leave home?
Are you scared to talk to girls?
Are you scared to tell Tom?
Are you scared to tell her?
Are you scared to tell him?
Are you scared to tell them?
Are you scared yet?
Are you scared, Tom?
Are you scared?
Are you sceptical?
Are you schizophrenic?
Are you seasick?
Are you seeing Tom again?
Are you seeing Tom tomorrow?
Are you seeing a man?
Are you seeing a pattern here?
Are you seeing another girl?
Are you seeing any specific trends?
Are you seeing anybody now?
Are you seeing anybody right now?
Are you seeing anybody?
Are you seeing anyone now?
Are you seeing anyone?
Are you seeing it?
Are you seeing my husband?
Are you seeing someone at the moment?
Are you seeing someone else?
Are you seeing someone?
Are you seeing this?
Are you seeing what I'm seeing?
Are you seeking freedom?
Are you self-aware? I doubt it, sometimes.
Are you selfish?
Are you selling Tom your bike?
Are you selling fruit?
Are you selling these lamps?
Are you selling those paintings?
Are you selling your bicycle to Tom?
Are you selling your bike to Tom?
Are you selling your car?
Are you selling your home?
Are you selling your jewellery?
Are you sending Christmas cards this year?
Are you sending me one of your photos in private?
Are you senile?
Are you sensing anything?
Are you sensitive?
Are you serious about Tom?
Are you serious about getting married?
Are you serious about that question?
Are you serious about that?
Are you serious about what you're saying?
Are you serious or are you just putting me on?
Are you serious right now, Tom?
Are you serious right now?
Are you serious!?
Are you serious, Tom?
Are you serious, bro?
Are you serious, dude?
Are you serious, or have you gone crazy?
Are you serious?
Are you serious? It looks to me like you're crazy.
Are you serious? It seems to me that you've fallen on your head.
Are you serious?!
Are you seriously asking me to give that to you?
Are you seriously considering doing that?
Are you seriously considering that as an option?
Are you seriously going to wear that?
Are you seriously ill?
Are you seriously saying that it's gonna work?
Are you seriously suggesting that Tom is from another planet?
Are you seriously suggesting that we don't invite Tom to our party?
Are you seriously suggesting we fire Tom?
Are you seriously thinking about becoming involved?
Are you seriously thinking about buying a computer from that store?
Are you seriously thinking about buying that old car?
Are you seriously thinking about changing your name to Tom?
Are you seriously thinking about divorce?
Are you seriously thinking about driving all night?
Are you seriously thinking about eating all that?
Are you seriously thinking about getting a divorce?
Are you seriously thinking about getting involved?
Are you seriously thinking about getting married again at your age?
Are you seriously thinking about giving Tom your computer?
Are you seriously thinking about going?
Are you seriously thinking about having a baby?
Are you seriously thinking about not going?
Are you seriously thinking about pursuing a career as a race car driver?
Are you seriously thinking about quitting your job?
Are you seriously thinking about selling this on eBay?
Are you seriously thinking about selling this online?
Are you seriously thinking about starting your own business?
Are you seriously thinking of giving Tom your computer?
Are you seriously thinking that you can get away with that?
Are you settling in?
Are you sewing?
Are you sexually active?
Are you shittin' me?
Are you shitting me?
Are you shopping?
Are you short?
Are you shy or are you scared?
Are you shy?
Are you siblings?
Are you sick of it?
Are you sick of me yet?
Are you sick of me?
Are you sick of tourists yet?
Are you sick?
Are you sick? You look pale.
Are you sick? You're as white as a sheet!
Are you sightseeing?
Are you sincere to God?
Are you sincere?
Are you singing to my girlfriend?
Are you singing today?
Are you single?
Are you sisters?
Are you sitting comfortably?
Are you sitting down right now?
Are you sitting down?
Are you sitting now?
Are you sitting on the carpet?
Are you sitting on the floor?
Are you sitting on the rug?
Are you sitting?
Are you skeptical?
Are you skilled at butterfly knots?
Are you skilled at tying butterfly knots?
Are you skilled in butterfly knots?
Are you skinny?
Are you skint?
Are you sleeping in here?
Are you sleeping with her?
Are you sleeping with him?
Are you sleeping, Tom?
Are you sleeping?
Are you sleepy or tired?
Are you sleepy yet?
Are you sleepy, Mary?
Are you sleepy, Tom?
Are you sleepy, honey?
Are you sleepy?
Are you sloshed?
Are you smart?
Are you smarter than Tom?
Are you smarter than a third grader?
Are you smarter than your children?
Are you smashed?
Are you smiling?
Are you smoking crack or something?
Are you smoking crack?
Are you sneaking up on me?
Are you snickering?
Are you sniffing?
Are you so certain you know where we are?
Are you so stupid that you can't see it?
Are you so sure it is a coincidence?
Are you sobbing?
Are you sober?
Are you soldering?
Are you soldiers?
Are you some kind of cop?
Are you some kind of good luck charm?
Are you sorry for what happened last night?
Are you sorry that you did that?
Are you sorry that you didn't do that?
Are you sorry that you weren't there?
Are you sorry you did that?
Are you sorry you didn't do that?
Are you sorry you weren't there?
Are you sorry?
Are you speaking Arabic?
Are you speaking English?
Are you speaking French?
Are you speaking Irish?
Are you speaking Romanian?
Are you speaking a different language?
Are you speaking frankly?
Are you speaking from experience?
Are you speaking from personal experience?
Are you speaking in Berber?
Are you speaking metaphorically?
Are you speaking or not?
Are you speaking to me?
Are you spending Christmas this year in Brazil?
Are you spending Christmas with Tom?
Are you spending Thanksgiving with Tom?
Are you spending Valentine's Day with Tom?
Are you spending enough time studying?
Are you spending enough time with Tom?
Are you spending enough time with your kids?
Are you spending the night in their house?
Are you spending the night or leaving?
Are you spontaneous?
Are you spying on me?
Are you spying on someone?
Are you spying on us?
Are you squatters?
Are you squeamish?
Are you squinting?
Are you stalking me or something?
Are you stalking me?
Are you stalling?
Are you standing now?
Are you standing?
Are you stark raving mad?
Are you starting to get ready?
Are you starting to get tired?
Are you starved?
Are you starving?
Are you staying at home?
Are you staying at the hotel I suggested?
Are you staying at this hotel, too?
Are you staying at this hotel?
Are you staying for dinner?
Are you staying for lunch?
Are you staying here a while, or do you have to go again today?
Are you staying here for a moment?
Are you staying here for a while, or do you have to leave again today?
Are you staying here for a while, or have you got to leave again today?
Are you staying here or coming?
Are you staying here until you go back to Algeria?
Are you staying hydrated?
Are you staying in the city?
Are you staying in town?
Are you staying or going?
Are you staying out of trouble?
Are you staying overnight?
Are you staying the night?
Are you staying there for the weekend?
Are you staying with Tom?
Are you staying with her?
Are you staying with him?
Are you staying with them?
Are you staying, Tom?
Are you staying?
Are you stealing from me?
Are you stenographers?
Are you sticking to that story?
Are you sticking to your plan?
Are you still OK?
Are you still Tom's friend?
Are you still Tom's girlfriend?
Are you still Tom's lawyer?
Are you still a Covirgin?
Are you still a Giants fan?
Are you still a Muslim?
Are you still a Republican?
Are you still a bachelor, too?
Are you still a bachelor?
Are you still a coffee drinker?
Are you still a cop?
Are you still a gang member?
Are you still a golfer?
Are you still a high school student?
Are you still a horse trainer?
Are you still a journalist?
Are you still a kindergarten teacher?
Are you still a model?
Are you still a part-time carpenter?
Are you still a policeman?
Are you still a smoker?
Are you still a straight-A student?
Are you still a student here?
Are you still a student?
Are you still a taxi driver?
Are you still a teacher here?
Are you still a teacher?
Are you still a teenager?
Are you still a vegetarian?
Are you still a violin teacher?
Are you still a virgin?
Are you still a wine girl?
Are you still able to do that?
Are you still able to speak your tribal language?
Are you still able to swim?
Are you still afraid of Tom?
Are you still afraid of dogs?
Are you still afraid of snakes?
Are you still afraid of spiders?
Are you still afraid of the dark?
Are you still afraid something might happen?
Are you still afraid to do that?
Are you still afraid to go home?
Are you still afraid?
Are you still alive, Sysko?
Are you still alive?
Are you still allowed to do that?
Are you still alone?
Are you still angry at Tom?
Are you still angry at me?
Are you still angry with Tom?
Are you still angry with her?
Are you still angry with him?
Are you still angry with me?
Are you still angry with them?
Are you still angry?
Are you still armed?
Are you still around?
Are you still asking yourself what the meaning of life is?
Are you still asleep?
Are you still at Harvard?
Are you still at Tom's?
Are you still at home?
Are you still at school?
Are you still at the bar?
Are you still at the buffet?
Are you still at the office?
Are you still at work?
Are you still avoiding Tom?
Are you still awake?
Are you still awake? It's already three where you are, right?
Are you still awake? It's bedtime!
Are you still based in Boston?
Are you still be able to do that?
Are you still be obliged to do that?
Are you still be willing to do that?
Are you still being paid for doing that?
Are you still being sarcastic?
Are you still better?
Are you still bored?
Are you still busy?
Are you still buying lottery tickets?
Are you still cleaning?
Are you still cold, Tom?
Are you still cold?
Are you still collecting stamps?
Are you still coming to dinner?
Are you still coming?
Are you still confused?
Are you still considering doing that?
Are you still convinced Tom and Mary were the ones who did that?
Are you still convinced Tom was the one who did it?
Are you still convinced Tom was the one who did that?
Are you still convinced that this is the right thing to do?
Are you still convinced this is the right thing to do?
Are you still cross at me?
Are you still cross with me?
Are you still cross?
Are you still dating Tom?
Are you still dating her?
Are you still dating him?
Are you still dating the same girl?
Are you still denying that you did that?
Are you still depressed?
Are you still determined to do that?
Are you still dizzy?
Are you still doing OK in school?
Are you still doing OK?
Are you still doing all right?
Are you still doing that?
Are you still doing what you want to do?
Are you still doing your homework?
Are you still drawing?
Are you still dressed?
Are you still driving that car that your grandfather gave you?
Are you still driving that car your grandfather gave you?
Are you still drunk or are you drunk again?
Are you still drunk?
Are you still eating?
Are you still enjoying it?
Are you still enjoying yourself?
Are you still enjoying yourselves?
Are you still excited?
Are you still expecting me to help you?
Are you still experiencing fear of abandonment?
Are you still feeling OK?
Are you still feeling giddy?
Are you still feeling sick?
Are you still feeling under the weather?
Are you still free in the afternoon?
Are you still free tomorrow evening?
Are you still free tomorrow morning?
Are you still friends with Tom?
Are you still friends with them?
Are you still getting married?
Are you still getting paid for doing this?
Are you still going back to Boston?
Are you still going down that road?
Are you still going out with Tom?
Are you still going to Boston?
Are you still going to Tom's party tonight?
Are you still going to Tom's party?
Are you still going to be in Australia this time next year?
Are you still going to be in Boston this time next year?
Are you still going to buy a car?
Are you still going to buy that?
Are you still going to call Tom?
Are you still going to cook supper?
Are you still going to do that by yourself?
Are you still going to do that by yourselves?
Are you still going to do that?
Are you still going to go out with Tom?
Are you still going to go swimming this afternoon?
Are you still going to go with Tom?
Are you still going to help me?
Are you still going to help us?
Are you still going to let Tom do that?
Are you still going to read that book?
Are you still going to school?
Are you still going to sell Tom your house?
Are you still going to sing with us?
Are you still going to spend Christmas with Tom?
Are you still going to the class reunion?
Are you still going to vote for Tom Jackson?
Are you still going to wait for Tom?
Are you still going to walk home?
Are you still good at baseball?
Are you still half asleep?
Are you still happy here?
Are you still happy living here?
Are you still happy with your new car?
Are you still happy with your new job?
Are you still happy?
Are you still having a good time?
Are you still having any difficulty breathing?
Are you still having any difficulty swallowing?
Are you still having chest pain?
Are you still having difficulty sleeping?
Are you still having difficulty with physics?
Are you still having financial problems?
Are you still having foot problems?
Are you still having fun?
Are you still having money problems?
Are you still having problems sleeping?
Are you still having problems with your boss?
Are you still having problems with your car?
Are you still having problems?
Are you still having stomach problems?
Are you still having trouble doing that?
Are you still having trouble sleeping?
Are you still having trouble with physics?
Are you still having trouble with that?
Are you still having trouble with your irritable brother?
Are you still healthy?
Are you still hearing voices?
Are you still here!
Are you still here?
Are you still here? I thought you were already gone.
Are you still holding the ladder?
Are you still home?
Are you still homeless?
Are you still homesick?
Are you still hung up on that? I said I'm sorry!
Are you still hungry or have you had enough?
Are you still hungry?
Are you still hunting for buried treasure?
Are you still ill?
Are you still in Australia?
Are you still in Boston?
Are you still in Florida?
Are you still in Kabylie?
Are you still in Scotland?
Are you still in a hurry?
Are you still in a lot of pain?
Are you still in bed?
Are you still in charge here?
Are you still in college?
Are you still in contact with Tom?
Are you still in danger?
Are you still in doubt about what I have said?
Are you still in elementary school?
Are you still in high school?
Are you still in love with Tom?
Are you still in love with her?
Are you still in love with him?
Are you still in love with your wife?
Are you still in love?
Are you still in pain?
Are you still in school?
Are you still in the choir?
Are you still in the lobby?
Are you still in the lumber business?
Are you still in the office?
Are you still in the shower?
Are you still in there?
Are you still in touch with Tom?
Are you still in touch with your ex-wife?
Are you still inside the bar?
Are you still installing the program?
Are you still interested in Berber?
Are you still interested in Tom?
Are you still interested in art?
Are you still interested in astrology?
Are you still interested in bluegrass music?
Are you still interested in doing that?
Are you still interested in going out for a drink after work?
Are you still interested in going to Australia with us?
Are you still interested in going to Boston with us?
Are you still interested in going with us?
Are you still interested in joining our team?
Are you still interested in learning how to speak French?
Are you still interested in the job?
Are you still interested in working for us?
Are you still interested?
Are you still jealous?
Are you still just going to let Tom leave?
Are you still letting last night's fight bother you? That's so naive.
Are you still letting last night's fight bother you? You're surprisingly sensitive.
Are you still letting last night’s fight bother you? That’s so naive.
Are you still likely to do that?
Are you still listening to me?
Are you still listening?
Are you still living here?
Are you still living in Australia?
Are you still living in Boston?
Are you still living in the same place?
Are you still living on Park Street?
Are you still living with Tom?
Are you still living with your mom?
Are you still living with your mum?
Are you still living with your parents?
Are you still lonely?
Are you still looking for Tom?
Are you still looking for a babysitter?
Are you still looking for a job?
Are you still looking for a new apartment?
Are you still looking for a new flat?
Are you still looking for an interpreter?
Are you still looking for her?
Are you still looking for him?
Are you still looking for something to do?
Are you still looking for them?
Are you still looking for work?
Are you still looking for your key?
Are you still lying to me?
Are you still mad about Sami?
Are you still mad about last night?
Are you still mad at Tom?
Are you still mad at her?
Are you still mad at him?
Are you still mad at me, Yanni?
Are you still mad at me?
Are you still mad at them?
Are you still mad at us?
Are you still mad with me?
Are you still mad?
Are you still making progress?
Are you still marinating the vegetables?
Are you still married to Tom?
Are you still married to her?
Are you still married to him?
Are you still married?
Are you still miserable?
Are you still motivated?
Are you still nauseous?
Are you still nervous?
Are you still not able to communicate well in French?
Are you still not asleep? You have to get up early tomorrow.
Are you still not convinced?
Are you still not done eating?
Are you still not done?
Are you still not feeling well?
Are you still not full?
Are you still not happy?
Are you still not ready?
Are you still obliged to do that?
Are you still obliged to go there?
Are you still on a diet?
Are you still on board?
Are you still on diet?
Are you still on probation?
Are you still on the baseball team?
Are you still on the basketball team?
Are you still on the committee?
Are you still on the list?
Are you still on the team?
Are you still on vacation?
Are you still open for suggestions?
Are you still open?
Are you still out of work?
Are you still out of your mind?
Are you still out there?
Are you still out?
Are you still over there?
Are you still overweight?
Are you still paying attention?
Are you still permitted to do that?
Are you still planning on buying a car?
Are you still planning on buying a house?
Are you still planning on buying a new computer?
Are you still planning on coming over on Monday?
Are you still planning on doing that?
Are you still planning on going back to Australia next Monday?
Are you still planning on going back to Australia?
Are you still planning on going back to Boston tonight?
Are you still planning on going back to Boston?
Are you still planning on helping Tom?
Are you still planning on staying?
Are you still planning on taking Tom with you?
Are you still planning to buy a car?
Are you still planning to come to the party?
Are you still planning to do that tomorrow?
Are you still planning to do that?
Are you still planning to go to Australia next month?
Are you still planning to go to Boston next weekend?
Are you still planning to go to Boston with Tom?
Are you still planning to have children?
Are you still planning to help Tom?
Are you still planning to marry Tom?
Are you still planning to quit your job?
Are you still planning to stay here for a long time?
Are you still planning to stay up all night?
Are you still planning to stay?
Are you still planning to talk to Tom?
Are you still playing PlayStation at your age?
Are you still playing golf?
Are you still playing tennis?
Are you still playing the bassoon?
Are you still playing the guitar?
Are you still politically active?
Are you still positive?
Are you still practicing the guitar every day?
Are you still reading that book?
Are you still recovering from last night?
Are you still reluctant to do that?
Are you still renting that house on Park Street?
Are you still sad?
Are you still satisfied with the service here?
Are you still saying nothing happened?
Are you still scared of Tom?
Are you still scared of it?
Are you still scared of me?
Are you still scared of spiders?
Are you still scared of water?
Are you still scared?
Are you still searching for Tom?
Are you still seeing Tom?
Are you still seeing a doctor?
Are you still seeing a psychiatrist?
Are you still seeing a shrink?
Are you still seeing a therapist?
Are you still seeing double?
Are you still seeing each other?
Are you still seeing her?
Are you still seeing him?
Are you still seeing strange things?
Are you still seeing the same girl?
Are you still seeing whatshername?
Are you still seeing whatshisname?
Are you still selling watches?
Are you still seriously thinking about going?
Are you still serving breakfast?
Are you still showering?
Are you still showing Tom around?
Are you still sick?
Are you still single?
Are you still sitting?
Are you still sleeping, kids?
Are you still sleeping?
Are you still sleepy?
Are you still smarter than your children?
Are you still smarting over my remarks?
Are you still so fascinated by Tom?
Are you still sore?
Are you still sorry that you didn't do that?
Are you still sorry you didn't do that?
Are you still speaking Berber?
Are you still staying at this hotel, too?
Are you still staying at this hotel?
Are you still stressed out?
Are you still strong and healthy?
Are you still struggling?
Are you still stuck on Tom?
Are you still stuck?
Are you still studying French every day?
Are you still studying French with Tom?
Are you still studying French?
Are you still studying biology?
Are you still studying chemistry?
Are you still studying geology?
Are you still studying hard?
Are you still studying math?
Are you still studying mathematics?
Are you still studying maths?
Are you still studying the Okinawa dialect?
Are you still studying?
Are you still suffering from headaches?
Are you still suffering?
Are you still superstitious?
Are you still supporting Tom financially?
Are you still sure it was Tom?
Are you still sure that's Tom?
Are you still sure you don't want to do that?
Are you still sure you don't want to tell me how things happened?
Are you still sure?
Are you still surprised?
Are you still suspicious about that?
Are you still swimming?
Are you still taking bets?
Are you still taking classes?
Are you still taking medicine?
Are you still taking pictures?
Are you still taking siestas?
Are you still taking sleeping pills?
Are you still taking that medication?
Are you still taking the painkillers?
Are you still taking your medication?
Are you still taking your medicine?
Are you still taking your meds?
Are you still taking your pills?
Are you still talking about Tom?
Are you still talking about cars?
Are you still talking about me?
Are you still talking about that?
Are you still talking about your dog?
Are you still teaching French?
Are you still teaching violin?
Are you still tense?
Are you still the boss?
Are you still the manager now?
Are you still the manager?
Are you still the one in charge?
Are you still the person in charge?
Are you still there, Tom?
Are you still there?
Are you still thinking about applying to Harvard?
Are you still thinking about going to college?
Are you still thinking about going to university?
Are you still thinking of going to Australia next summer?
Are you still thinking of going to Boston next summer?
Are you still thinking of going to college?
Are you still thinking that you'd like the job?
Are you still thirsty?
Are you still tired?
Are you still together?
Are you still trying to grow a beard?
Are you still trying to impress Tom?
Are you still trying to impress me?
Are you still trying to lose weight?
Are you still unable to do that?
Are you still undecided?
Are you still unemployed?
Are you still unhappy?
Are you still unlucky?
Are you still unmarried?
Are you still up?
Are you still upset about that?
Are you still upset about what happened?
Are you still upset with us?
Are you still upset?
Are you still waiting for Tom to do that for you?
Are you still waiting for Tom?
Are you still waiting for somebody?
Are you still waiting for someone?
Are you still waiting for something to happen?
Are you still waiting for something?
Are you still waiting for the bus?
Are you still watching these things?
Are you still watching this?
Are you still watching?
Are you still willing to do that?
Are you still willing to go there?
Are you still willing to help Tom?
Are you still willing to help me clean the garage?
Are you still willing to help?
Are you still willing to risk that?
Are you still winning?
Are you still with Tom?
Are you still with her?
Are you still with him?
Are you still with me?
Are you still with us, Tom?
Are you still with us?
Are you still within the area of the university?
Are you still working as a bartender?
Are you still working as a waiter?
Are you still working at the same place?
Are you still working for Tom?
Are you still working for her?
Are you still working for him?
Are you still working for me?
Are you still working for the same company?
Are you still working for them?
Are you still working for us?
Are you still working in Boston?
Are you still working in Katowice?
Are you still working with Tom?
Are you still working with her?
Are you still working with him?
Are you still working with them?
Are you still working?
Are you still worried about me?
Are you still worried about what might happen?
Are you still worried?
Are you stoned right now?
Are you stoned?
Are you stopping?
Are you stranded?
Are you strapped in?
Are you streaming?
Are you stressed out?
Are you stressed?
Are you strict?
Are you striking the slave's sons?
Are you strong enough to do that by yourself?
Are you strong enough to lift that by yourself?
Are you strong enough?
Are you strong?
Are you struggling to pay rent?
Are you struggling?
Are you stuck in traffic?
Are you stuck?
Are you students at this school?
Are you students?
Are you studying Berber?
Are you studying English every day?
Are you studying English?
Are you studying French?
Are you studying art history?
Are you studying chemistry?
Are you studying here?
Are you studying languages, too?
Are you studying or are you working?
Are you studying or working?
Are you studying the trends?
Are you studying your Portuguese lesson?
Are you studying?
Are you stuffed?
Are you stupid or incompetent?
Are you stupid or what?
Are you stupid?
Are you subject to colds?
Are you subscribed to that magazine?
Are you subscribed to the newspaper?
Are you subscribing to a newspaper at home?
Are you successful?
Are you suffering from a lack of sleep?
Are you suffering from loss of appetite?
Are you suffering from too much excitement in your life? Are you experiencing too much happiness? Are you feeling too elated? Is everything around you going too well and you can't seem to contain it? Worry no more, because there is a cure. Watch Djokovic—Simon, 2016 Australian Open 4R.
Are you suffering from winter depression?
Are you suffering?
Are you suggesting I behaved improperly?
Are you suggesting I behaved inappropriately?
Are you suggesting I did something I shouldn't have?
Are you suggesting I had something to do with this?
Are you suggesting I killed Tom?
Are you suggesting I was lying?
Are you suggesting I was the one who caused the problem?
Are you suggesting I'm a liar?
Are you suggesting I'm lying?
Are you suggesting I’m lazy?
Are you suggesting Tom didn't die of natural causes?
Are you suggesting Tom was murdered?
Are you suggesting another theory?
Are you suggesting it might not have been an accident?
Are you suggesting it's a design flaw?
Are you suggesting that I am lying?
Are you suggesting that I am not telling the truth?
Are you suggesting that I am too young?
Are you suggesting that I can't do it by myself?
Are you suggesting that I can't do that by myself?
Are you suggesting that I don't do that today?
Are you suggesting that I not attend the meeting?
Are you suggesting that I stole something?
Are you suggesting that I take your word for it?
Are you suggesting that I was the one who started the fire?
Are you suggesting that I'm a coward?
Are you suggesting that I'm lying?
Are you suggesting that I'm too young?
Are you suggesting that I'm wrong?
Are you suggesting that I've made a mistake?
Are you suggesting that I've made an error?
Are you suggesting that I’m a coward?
Are you suggesting that Mary can't do the job by herself?
Are you suggesting that Tom and Mary can't do the job by themselves?
Are you suggesting that Tom can't do the job by himself?
Are you suggesting that Tom doesn't really hate Mary?
Are you suggesting that Tom isn't dead?
Are you suggesting that Tom killed all those people?
Are you suggesting that Tom wasn't telling the truth?
Are you suggesting that it's beyond my comprehension?
Are you suggesting that we call Tom?
Are you suggesting that we ignore Tom's request?
Are you suggesting that we impersonate policemen?
Are you suggesting that we leave?
Are you suggesting that you know more about this than I do?
Are you suggesting that you shouldn't have to do what everyone has to do?
Are you suggesting they're not who they say they are?
Are you suggesting we go home now?
Are you suggesting we run and hide?
Are you sunbathing?
Are you suntanned?
Are you superior to a thousand-year-old olive tree or redwood tree?
Are you superstitious?
Are you supposed to be doing that?
Are you supposed to be here?
Are you sure I can borrow your phone?
Are you sure I can't do anything?
Are you sure I can't get you another drink?
Are you sure I can't get you anything?
Are you sure I can't give you some help?
Are you sure I can't help you?
Are you sure I can't help?
Are you sure I have to do that?
Are you sure I need to do that?
Are you sure I'm the only Canadian here?
Are you sure Israel is a democratic country?
Are you sure Mary can do it by herself?
Are you sure Mary can do that by herself?
Are you sure Mary can do this by herself?
Are you sure Mary can handle it by herself?
Are you sure Mary can take care of herself?
Are you sure Mary didn't do what Tom said she did?
Are you sure Mary didn't do what she said she did?
Are you sure Mary knows what she's doing?
Are you sure Mary knows what she's supposed to do?
Are you sure Mary said she was planning on doing that tomorrow?
Are you sure Mary said she was planning to do that tomorrow?
Are you sure Mary will let us help her?
Are you sure Tom agreed to do that?
Are you sure Tom and Mary are OK?
Are you sure Tom and Mary are alone?
Are you sure Tom and Mary are coming back?
Are you sure Tom and Mary are coming?
Are you sure Tom and Mary are going to be there?
Are you sure Tom and Mary are going to do that?
Are you sure Tom and Mary are happy?
Are you sure Tom and Mary are married? I thought that they were just colleagues.
Are you sure Tom and Mary are ready to do that?
Are you sure Tom and Mary are ready?
Are you sure Tom and Mary are safe?
Are you sure Tom and Mary are still alive?
Are you sure Tom and Mary are the people you saw?
Are you sure Tom and Mary aren't afraid of dogs?
Are you sure Tom and Mary aren't allergic to peanuts?
Are you sure Tom and Mary aren't busy?
Are you sure Tom and Mary aren't here?
Are you sure Tom and Mary aren't the ones who did that?
Are you sure Tom and Mary can do it by themselves?
Are you sure Tom and Mary can do that by themselves?
Are you sure Tom and Mary can do this by themselves?
Are you sure Tom and Mary can handle it by themselves?
Are you sure Tom and Mary can take care of themselves?
Are you sure Tom and Mary didn't do what John said they did?
Are you sure Tom and Mary didn't do what they said they did?
Are you sure Tom and Mary have to do that?
Are you sure Tom and Mary know what they're doing?
Are you sure Tom and Mary know what they're supposed to do?
Are you sure Tom and Mary need another one?
Are you sure Tom and Mary need to do that?
Are you sure Tom and Mary said they were planning on doing that tomorrow?
Are you sure Tom and Mary said they were planning to do that tomorrow?
Are you sure Tom and Mary understand French?
Are you sure Tom and Mary want to do that?
Are you sure Tom and Mary were at school today?
Are you sure Tom and Mary were the ones who did that?
Are you sure Tom and Mary were the ones who did this?
Are you sure Tom and Mary weren't the ones who did that?
Are you sure Tom and Mary will let us help them?
Are you sure Tom ate lunch?
Are you sure Tom ate?
Are you sure Tom can do it by himself?
Are you sure Tom can do it?
Are you sure Tom can do that by himself?
Are you sure Tom can do that?
Are you sure Tom can do this by himself?
Are you sure Tom can do this on his own?
Are you sure Tom can do this without any help?
Are you sure Tom can do this?
Are you sure Tom can eat peanuts?
Are you sure Tom can handle it by himself?
Are you sure Tom can handle it?
Are you sure Tom can hear us?
Are you sure Tom can speak French?
Are you sure Tom can swim?
Are you sure Tom can take care of himself?
Are you sure Tom can win?
Are you sure Tom can't hear us?
Are you sure Tom can't understand French?
Are you sure Tom cheated?
Are you sure Tom did that?
Are you sure Tom didn't do it?
Are you sure Tom didn't do that?
Are you sure Tom didn't do what Mary said he did?
Are you sure Tom didn't do what he said he did?
Are you sure Tom didn't have any help?
Are you sure Tom didn't know Mary wasn't having any fun?
Are you sure Tom didn't pick Mary up at school?
Are you sure Tom didn't suspect anything?
Are you sure Tom didn't win?
Are you sure Tom doesn't have a girlfriend?
Are you sure Tom doesn't have to do that?
Are you sure Tom doesn't know how to cook?
Are you sure Tom doesn't live here?
Are you sure Tom doesn't mind me tagging along?
Are you sure Tom doesn't need to do that?
Are you sure Tom doesn't suspect anything?
Are you sure Tom doesn't want to do that?
