Janos couldn't imagine that life would turn out that way.
Janos couldn't stop himself staring at that girl.
Janos cowered in the camper, terrified.
Janos crawled into his tent.
Janos decided not to continue camping.
Janos decided not to tell Olivia what he found.
Janos decided to add a new friend to our group.
Janos decided to do prison concerts.
Janos decided to get married in Algeria.
Janos decided to go camping.
Janos decided to hire a new chef.
Janos decided to honor Martha's last wish.
Janos decided to peek outside.
Janos decided to put a fence up.
Janos decided to stay another night in a different spot of the national forest.
Janos decorated the house for the wedding.
Janos decorated the spruce.
Janos defended Olivia.
Janos demanded four hundred thousand dinars from Martha.
Janos did see something.
Janos didn't blame Olivia one bit.
Janos didn't complain about that.
Janos didn't enter any cabins.
Janos didn't follow Martha's itinerary.
Janos didn't get the scholarship.
Janos didn't have a home to speak of.
Janos didn't have the skill or the strength to kill Boldi like that.
Janos didn't hear the footsteps anymore.
Janos didn't hear the screams again.
Janos didn't hesitate to hire that chef when he heard that he was available.
Janos didn't hide his anger.
Janos didn't hide his feelings.
Janos didn't hide the fact that he liked Martha.
Janos didn't know anywhere else to go.
Janos didn't look like he had hiked at all.
Janos didn't reveal the plan to anyone.
Janos didn't see trash in the garden.
Janos didn't show up for work.
Janos didn't want his father to be able to find him.
Janos didn't want his parents to find out where he was.
Janos didn't want to go to school.
Janos didn't want to miss his chance.
Janos didn't want to switch to an electric wheelchair.
Janos died a violent death.
Janos doesn't come to the bar.
Janos doesn't deserve this kind of life.
Janos doesn't even know where his father is.
Janos doesn't have this kind of money.
Janos doesn't know the last names of Martha and Rima.
Janos doesn't know too much about the outdoors.
Janos doesn't want to go to work.
Janos dreamt of singing on stage.
Janos dressed quickly and headed out of the cabin.
Janos drew five circles and a cross in the middle.
Janos dropped Martha at her parents' place.
Janos dropped Olivia off at the compound.
Janos drove Martha to upstate New York.
Janos ducked the question.
Janos emerged from his tent.
Janos encouraged Martha to go to the meeting.
Janos enjoyed his newfound sense of freedom.
Janos enjoyed his trip in Algeria.
Janos enjoyed life.
Janos enjoyed the fresh air.
Janos enjoyed wine and good food.
Janos entered the bar without hesitation.
Janos entered the hotel.
Janos entered the kitchen and asked what was going on.
Janos entered the kitchen to kiss Martha passionately.
Janos entered the park.
Janos entered the room, baseball bat in hands.
Janos eventually quit his job.
Janos excelled in competitions.
Janos excused himself and left the room.
Janos expected to see a lot of animals in the woods.
Janos explained everything that happened.
Janos explained the situation to Martha.
Janos explained the situation to his manager.
Janos explained the situation.
Janos failed to find Martha's house.
Janos felt a tug on his boot.
Janos felt a void in his heart.
Janos felt like he was being watched from the woods.
Janos felt like his life was over.
Janos finally left.
Janos finally retreated back into the woods.
Janos finally saw Olivia.
Janos finally walked away.
Janos finished his breakfast.
Janos finished his hike.
Janos finished the meal in three mouthfuls.
Janos fired another chef.
Janos fired the waitress.
Janos flashed his light in the direction of the sound.
Janos fled towards the tent.
Janos flew across the Mediterranean.
Janos forgot a few details.
Janos forgot about the event.
Janos forgot to pick up Martha from school.
Janos found Boldi also choked to death.
Janos found Martha in the kitchen.
Janos found Martha packing her stuff.
Janos found Martha's phone ringing in his drawer.
Janos found a job that suited him.
Janos found a ring in his toolbox.
Janos found a secluded spot to set up his tent.
Janos found a symbol painted on the outside of Olivia's tent.
Janos found a ticket on his windshield.
Janos found another man in that room.
Janos found his campsite.
Janos found his love for camping and hiking.
Janos found his stash of money gone.
Janos found his stash of money intact.
Janos found his tablet on the bed.
Janos found his underwear hung up to dry.
Janos found the best spot to set up his tent.
Janos found the plums before they went bad.
Janos found the woodpecker.
Janos gave Martha one of his stuffed animals.
Janos gave the kids some fish sticks.
Janos gave up his truck to Martha.
Janos gave up on his dream.
Janos got Martha out of the crate.
Janos got Martha the wild violet she wanted.
Janos got Olivia a hamster.
Janos got a mild concussion.
Janos got a text from Martha asking him if he liked Rima.
Janos got back to his camp.
Janos got his wish granted.
Janos got inside the camper.
Janos got into college.
Janos got irritated with his daughter.
Janos got on a plane.
Janos got on his bike and left the area.
Janos got out of the kitchen.
Janos got out of the tent.
Janos got out to see who was out there.
Janos got quiet to listen.
Janos got rid of his phone.
Janos got robbed.
Janos got so productive at work.
Janos got the kids ready for bed.
Janos got the outdoor kitchen ready for dinner.
Janos got to his office.
Janos got up and had breakfast.
Janos got up to clean the table.
Janos got up to go inside the cabin.
Janos got upset by that revelation.
Janos got used to his job at the bar.
Janos got very hungry and tired.
Janos grabbed Martha around the waist.
Janos grabbed Martha's elbow and tried to force her to go back with him.
Janos grabbed the BB gun from under his pillow.
Janos grabbed the BB gun.
Janos greeted the customers.
Janos grew up in a poor town in Hungary.
Janos had a German Shepherd with him.
Janos had a bandage on his head.
Janos had a close call with a bear in the forest.
Janos had a good dog.
Janos had a great time.
Janos had a hard time falling asleep.
Janos had a meeting with the kitchen staff.
Janos had a quick breakfast.
Janos had a secret hideout that no one knew about except Olivia.
Janos had a severe migraine.
Janos had a small camping trip down that creek.
Janos had a stern look on his face.
Janos had a tantrum right on the street.
Janos had a very curious experience in the woods.
Janos had a younger guy with him.
Janos had an interview scheduled.
Janos had another seizure.
Janos had broad shoulders.
Janos had five German Shepherds.
Janos had his place of solitude.
Janos had much fun kneading the dough.
Janos had no choice but to leave.
Janos had scars on his back.
Janos had so much fun that day.
Janos had to get five surgeries on his arms.
Janos had to get stitches on his face.
Janos had to take a leak.
Janos handed Olivia a key to one of the cabins.
Janos handed Olivia the key to the cabin.
Janos handed the bouncer some cash and told him that he wanted to see Martha.
Janos has a bright future ahead of him.
Janos has a fever now.
Janos has already accepted the job.
Janos has another brother.
Janos has been drinking all night.
Janos has been on Martha's mind ever since he left.
Janos has been planning this camping trip for months.
Janos has been to the Army.
Janos has been walking for about four to five minutes.
Janos has earned free drinks for the night.
Janos has found a better job.
Janos has gone to Algeria.
Janos has messed up another cocktail order.
Janos has noticed the chemistry between Martha and Walid.
Janos has to go back to the rangers.
Janos has to take care of Martha.
Janos hasn't had so much fun in a long time.
Janos hasn't yet come out of his tent.
Janos headed down to the lake to fish.
Janos headed to his cabin.
Janos headed to the kitchen.
Janos headed to the lake to do some fishing.
Janos heard Olivia come out of her tent.
Janos heard a jackal howl.
Janos heard a pack of jackals howling.
Janos heard a twig snapping behind him.
Janos heard footsteps circling his tent.
Janos heard heavy breathing.
Janos heard his German Shepherd growling.
Janos heard his German Shepherd start to growl.
Janos heard laughter in the woods.
Janos heard multiple sets of footsteps approaching the tent.
Janos heard people walking around outside the tent.
Janos heard some birds chirping.
Janos heard someone behind him.
Janos heard someone speaking, but he couldn't make out the words.
Janos heard the German Shepherd barking.
Janos heard the footsteps retreat to the woods.
Janos heard the most terrifying scream imaginable.
Janos heard the sound of brush rustling.
Janos heard the woodpecker and started looking for it.
Janos heard the woodpecker in the woods.
Janos heard water pouring.
Janos heard what happened.
Janos heard whispering voices outside his tent.
Janos held Martha's elbow harshly.
Janos held Martha's hands and kissed them.
Janos helped Martha play music.
Janos helped Martha upstairs to her apartment.
Janos helped Martha with the harvest.
Janos helped his wife wash up.
Janos hesitated before knocking on the door.
Janos hid behind the bar.
Janos hid in a dense forest.
Janos hiked and camped with his brother.
Janos hiked in the same mountains.
Janos hiked to Tala Guilef.
Janos hugged his mom and bid her goodbye.
Janos hung up the call.
Janos hurried over in a panic.
Janos hurriedly crawled from his tent.
Janos immersed himself in studies.
Janos intends to move out this week.
Janos interviewed several applicants.
Janos invited Martha home for the spring festival.
Janos invited Martha to have a drink after work.
Janos invited Olivia to come along.
Janos invited Olivia to join her for a trip into the forest.
Janos is Martha's caregiver.
Janos is a jiu-jitsu instructor.
Janos is a man who wants to be a woman.
Janos is a representative of our town.
Janos is a very influential lawyer.
Janos is an excellent chef.
Janos is banging on the door, demanding to be let in.
Janos is capable of addressing the situation.
Janos is currently a Berber teacher at that school.
Janos is finally eating some good food.
Janos is from the caravan.
Janos is going to be out first visitor.
Janos is gone for good now.
Janos is gonna be our first visitor.
Janos is here to deliver a package.
Janos is inside a crate.
Janos is just a taxi driver.
Janos is leaving Martha behind to move on to better things.
Janos is not Martha's fiancé.
Janos is nothing like his brother Boldi.
Janos is our head chef.
Janos is planning the year's biggest event in town.
Janos is ready to afford an apartment.
Janos is staying at a hotel in Algiers.
Janos is still asleep.
Janos is the perfect candidate.
Janos is the perfect person to help Martha out.
Janos is waiting for the right moment.
Janos is wanted for first degree murder.
Janos is well acquainted with the chef.
Janos is working at the bar again.
Janos isn't a piece of trash.
Janos joined Martha for breakfast.
Janos joined a new jiu-jitsu school.
Janos jumped out of the truck and ran over to Olivia.
Janos just ran away.
Janos just turned around and left.
Janos just went to the beach.
Janos just woke up.
Janos kept his gaze downward.
Janos kidnapped a girl.
Janos kissed Martha on her cheek when she found his phone.
Janos kissed Martha out of the blue.
Janos kissed Olivia's forehead.
Janos kneaded the dough.
Janos knew that moment was coming.
Janos knew the whole time where Martha was.
Janos knocked on the door.
Janos knows about the situation.
Janos laughed and responded in Berber.
Janos laughed at Martha's absurd accent.
Janos laughed at Martha's comment.
Janos leaned against the tent wall.
Janos leant against the tent.
Janos learnt a lot about life.
Janos left Martha with a scar on her face.
Janos left after the meal.
Janos left the BB gun in his tent.
Janos left the bar with a guy named Boldi.
Janos left the camp and went towards the oak tree.
Janos left the next morning.
Janos left the woods.
Janos left those woods unharmed.
Janos left to shower and go to bed.
Janos left with a heavy heart.
Janos let go of Martha's hand.
Janos lied about Martha's infidelity.
Janos lied there for what felt like hours.
Janos lied to his parents that he was sick.
Janos lied to the police.
Janos likes helping people.
Janos lived in a rural part of Algeria known as Azazga.
Janos lived on the Navajo reservation.
Janos lives in the suburbs of Algiers.
Janos locked the door behind him.
Janos locked the door tight.
Janos looked around for a pen.
Janos looked at his girlfriend meaningfully.
Janos looked for the woodpecker.
Janos looked frantic.
Janos looked like an outdoorsman.
Janos looked over and saw Olivia holding a huge knife.
Janos looked under the shelves and found his money there.
Janos looked worriedly at Olivia.
Janos loves his wife.
Janos made Martha his wife.
Janos made a decision to leave.
Janos made a mess in the kitchen.
Janos made a sarcastic remark abut the food.
Janos made himself comfortable on the couch.
Janos made his food and ate it.
Janos made it to the junkyard.
Janos made some s'mores.
Janos made things difficult for Martha.
Janos made vegetable smoothies.
Janos managed to handle that shift.
Janos managed to regain his senses.
Janos married Martha before leaving Algeria.
Janos may need the BB gun.
Janos met Martha as a child.
Janos met Walid and Martha, a married couple.
Janos might have made the biggest mistake of his life today.
Janos missed his mother's cooking.
Janos missed his old jiu-jitsu instructor.
Janos misses his jiu-jitsu school.
Janos motioned Olivia to follow.
Janos must confront the inevitable conclusion that he might never see his German Shepherd again.
Janos must make sacrifices for the American dream.
Janos needed time to recover.
Janos needed to go with Olivia.
Janos needed to set up camp.
Janos needs a father.
Janos needs a shower.
Janos needs forty thousand dinars by the end of the week.
Janos needs to be a little more vigilant.
Janos needs to deal with some personal matters.
Janos needs to find Olivia.
Janos never entered any cabin.
Janos never returned to those woods.
Janos never told his brother about the incident.
Janos never went back there.
Janos noticed strange symbols drawn on the wall.
Janos noticed that Olivia was gone.
Janos offered Martha the position of a sous-chef.
Janos offered Martha to move to Algeria with him.
Janos opened his own bank account.
Janos overpowered Boldi and killed him.
Janos passed his entrance exams and went to college.
Janos passed with his favorite people around him.
Janos paused near the lake to have a snack.
Janos picked up Martha from school.
Janos picked up and dropped off passengers.
Janos picked wildflowers.
Janos pinned Boldi on the mat.
Janos pitted us against each other.
Janos planned the whole event.
Janos planned to change colleges.
Janos planted a kiss on Martha's lips before leaving.
Janos popped the hood.
Janos poured himself some more milk.
Janos prepared another itinerary.
Janos presented the fossils to his colleagues of the scientific community.
Janos pretended to not know Berber.
Janos probably figured that Olivia didn't trust him.
Janos promised to be a good husband and father.
Janos put Martha on life support.
Janos put a ring on his finger.
Janos put up a fence to keep his German Shepherds from getting out.
Janos quickly closed the box and hid it behind his back.
Janos ran back to the hotel.
Janos ran for maybe five minutes.
Janos ran into the woods.
Janos ran out of the tent.
Janos ran the kitchen without Martha.
Janos ran to the fence line.
Janos ran to the restroom.
Janos reached a familiar street.
Janos reached for the door handle.
Janos reached the destination.
Janos read some books.
Janos realized his mistake.
Janos realized that Martha was his most precious thing.
Janos realized that his days were numbered.
Janos realized that his grandmother was still alive.
Janos realized that something was amiss.
Janos received a call from his mother.
Janos received an empty email from Martha.
Janos recently retired.
Janos refused to accept the money at first.
Janos refused to leave without his daughter.
Janos refused to take money.
Janos rejected Martha's help.
Janos rejected Martha's offer.
Janos remained frozen in his tent.
Janos remembered his mother's words.
Janos remembered the letter that Martha had given him.
Janos repaired the bouncy castle.
Janos rescued Olivia from the blizzard.
Janos rescued the cat when she was a kitten.
Janos retreated to his tent.
Janos returned only in the evening.
Janos returned the money to Martha.
Janos revealed the full details of the deal.
Janos ridiculed Martha in front of everyone.
Janos roasted marshmallows.
Janos rode his bike around.
Janos rode his bike to the lake.
Janos runs a company called Nani.
Janos rushed into the camper.
Janos rushed into the room.
Janos rushed over to Olivia to console her.
Janos sabotaged Olivia's truck.
Janos said he would help Olivia out.
Janos said some very colorful words and left.
Janos said that he didn't need a babysitter.
Janos said that he saw an actual living dinosaur in that forest.
Janos sang his favorite Christmas song.
Janos sat on the couch.
Janos sat, sobbing on the ground.
Janos saw Martha coming out of a building.
Janos saw Martha flirt with patrons.
Janos saw Olivia bleed out in his hands.
Janos saw a man standing right in front of our shelter.
Janos saw a strange guy creeping around the camp.
Janos saw his crush with another man.
Janos saw his mother crying.
Janos saw his neighbor standing right in front of him.
Janos saw movement around one of the monuments.
Janos saw something dark behind a tree.
Janos scoured the forest for clues.
Janos sent his stories to the local radio station for narration.
Janos sent letters to all his friends.
Janos served Martha some coffee.
Janos set the curtain on fire.
Janos set up camp, too.
Janos set up his campsite.
Janos set up the tent and Olivia set up the inside.
Janos shot Martha in the back.
Janos should call the cops.
Janos should have killed Boldi when he had the chance.
Janos should join us tomorrow at the restaurant.
Janos should respect Martha's last wish.
Janos should take Olivia to Algiers.
Janos shouldn't disclose that information to Martha.
Janos shouldn't have opened that door.
Janos showed Martha the itinerary.
Janos showed Martha to her room.
Janos showed Olivia what he found.
Janos showed the officers the video of him being beating by the thugs.
Janos showered and went to bed.
Janos sighed and conceded.
Janos signed his truck over to Martha.
Janos signed the paper.
Janos silently thanked Martha with a nod.
Janos sincerely thanked Martha for his support.
Janos slammed his fist on the door.
Janos slammed the accelerator.
Janos slammed the hood.
Janos slashed the tire.
Janos slept for a little bit.
Janos smiled after realizing his mistake.
Janos smiled and walked towards us.
Janos sounded scared.
Janos sped away with a truck.
Janos spent a fun weekend in Algeria.
Janos spent a week in nature.
Janos spent five days at the beach.
Janos spent his days indulging in beer and fun.
Janos stared at Olivia in silence.
Janos started acting like an opera conductor.
Janos started hyperventilating.
Janos started pushing the seat.
Janos started throwing flaming marshmallows at the tent.
Janos started to get phone calls from random numbers.
Janos started to have an asthma attack.
Janos started to hike ahead of everyone else.
Janos started to relax.
Janos started to slowly drag his fingers across the tent.
Janos started to walk away very fast.
Janos started walking down the road.
Janos stayed at Olivia's place.
Janos stayed at a hotel.
Janos stayed close to the campsite.
Janos stepped back into the hallway.
Janos stepped in front of Olivia.
Janos stepped on Olivia's ankle.
Janos sternly told Olivia no.
Janos still couldn't come to terms with Martha's loss.
Janos still felt rather disoriented.
Janos still hasn't confessed to his parents.
Janos still remembers the terror he felt that weekend.
Janos stoked the fire.
Janos stood in silence.
Janos stood in the way of Martha and Walid being together.
Janos stood outside the tent.
Janos stood up and looked around.
Janos stopped Martha on her way out and tried to change her mind.
Janos stopped for lunch along the way.
Janos stopped to catch his breath.
Janos strangled Boldi with a seatbelt.
Janos successfully distracted Martha from the conversation.
Janos suffered horrible vivid nightmares.
Janos talked about different ways of cooking quail.
Janos talked about his latest failure.
Janos tasted the food.
Janos teased Martha about her attachment to Walid.
Janos terrorized his wife and kids.
Janos threatened Martha with a knife.
Janos threw all his camping gear hurriedly into his truck and drove away from there.
Janos threw everything in the truck.
Janos told Martha about his meeting with Rima.
Janos told Martha that Rima was Boldi's daughter.
Janos told Martha that his father was in Algeria.
Janos told Martha the reason why he forgot to pick up their son from school.
Janos told Martha the story of how he became a chef.
Janos told Olivia that he loved her, too.
Janos told Olivia to just get to the point.
Janos told Olivia what happened to him.
Janos told everything to his grandfather.
Janos told his father that he loved Martha.
Janos told the cops about his neighbor problems.
Janos told the rangers everything.
Janos told us some scary stories.
Janos told us what we were going to be doing the next day.
Janos took Martha around Algiers.
Janos took Martha to bed.
Janos took Martha to her place.
Janos took Martha to the bathroom.
Janos took Martha's hand drew lines on her palm.
Janos took Olivia to the bar.
Janos took a break for one week.
Janos took a break from work.
Janos took a job as an executive chef at a different restaurant.
Janos took a job at a snackbar.
Janos took a look at the check and was surprised by the amount.
Janos took a look outside to see what was there.
Janos took a peek inside.
Janos took full responsibility for his action.
Janos took his hands off Martha.
Janos took out a crumpled piece of paper from his bag.
Janos took pictures of the woodpecker.
Janos took swigs of wine directly from the bottle.
Janos took the kids to the movies.
Janos touched Martha's elbow.
Janos touched Martha's scars.
Janos touched Olivia's tent.
Janos trained with Olivia.
Janos tried on Boldi's clothes.
Janos tried to abduct Olivia, too.
Janos tried to come into our tent.
Janos tried to get Martha's number.
Janos tried to get a job.
Janos tried to get some sleep.
Janos tried to open his door.
Janos tried to reason with his son-in-law, telling him that he had to make money.
Janos tried to reason with that.
Janos tried to work and be a good father to Martha.
Janos tripped Olivia, causing her head to hit a rock and bleed.
Janos turned and sprinted back to the cabin.
Janos turned down Martha's offer.
Janos turned off the music because it was distracting.
Janos understood that his wife was right.
Janos used Martha's savings because there was no other choice.
Janos used the bathroom.
Janos used to frequent that camping site.
Janos visited Olivia over the summer.
Janos vomited from stress.
Janos waited a few minutes, totally still.
Janos waited inside his tent, still frozen.
Janos walked Martha down the aisle to Boldi.
Janos walked around the table and tried to kiss Martha.
Janos walked around the woods on his own.
Janos walked back to camp.
Janos walked back to the camp.
Janos walked into the cafe.
Janos walked off the hiking trail.
Janos walked out of the restaurant.
Janos walked over to the truck.
Janos walked to the lake to have a beer.
Janos wanted Martha to go to therapy.
Janos wanted Martha to leave her apartment and move in with him.
Janos wanted Martha to plan his wedding.
Janos wanted his daughter to continue her education.
Janos wanted his daughter.
Janos wanted his son to get an education.
Janos wanted to be alone with the girl.
Janos wanted to beat the new record.
Janos wanted to congratulate his daughter.
Janos wanted to do something to help his son.
Janos wanted to earn money and leave this town.
Janos wanted to have a child, but it was too late.
Janos wanted to have some fun.
Janos wanted to hire a new chef.
Janos wanted to hire a second caregiver to ease Martha's burden.
Janos wanted to keep animals out of his food.
Janos wanted to learn more about Berber.
Janos wanted to make pancakes with Martha.
Janos wanted to perform on stage again.
Janos wanted to ruin Martha's life.
Janos wanted to see the world for himself.
Janos wanted to spend the rest of his life with Martha.
Janos wanted to understand how it happened.
Janos wanted us to be on guard.
Janos wants his mom.
Janos wants to be an event planner.
Janos wants to have some fun tonight.
Janos wants to know the truth.
Janos wants to work in a French bakery.
Janos was a bit scared.
Janos was a cancer survivor.
Janos was a former classmate of Olivia.
Janos was a kind teacher.
Janos was a pastry chef.
Janos was a wedding planner.
Janos was a white belt in jiu-jitsu.
Janos was able to help people.
Janos was able to make his way back to Algiers.
Janos was about five miles from Tigzirt.
Janos was afraid to face his parents.
Janos was all alone.
Janos was at a cafe.
Janos was at the lodge.
Janos was at the store, picking up groceries for dinner.
Janos was attracted to the girl.
Janos was awakened by the zipper of his tent opening.
Janos was back, trying to open the door to Olivia's camper.
Janos was baking Martha her favorite cake for her.
Janos was browsing through his photo album.
Janos was by Olivia's side.
Janos was causing problems right from the start.
Janos was cleaning his truck.
Janos was coming up with various absurd excuses.
Janos was counting his tips.
Janos was curious to know Olivia's opinion.
Janos was discharged from the hospital.
Janos was disliked by about everyone.
Janos was dragged away into the dark.
Janos was dragged screaming from his tent.
Janos was drawing some kind of symbol on the wall.
Janos was driving down the road in a work vehicle.
Janos was enjoying the nature.
Janos was eventually caught for other crimes.
Janos was ex Army.
Janos was excited for that trip.
Janos was fixing his truck.
Janos was flooded with relief.
Janos was forced to leave with nothing.
Janos was found dead near his tent.
Janos was getting intimate with someone in the ladies' room.
Janos was getting upset with Martha's behavior.
Janos was going crazy with worry.
Janos was going to attend a party at the home of one of his friends.
Janos was gone all day on Thursday.
Janos was halfway through his hike.
Janos was helping Martha out in the restaurant kitchen.
Janos was helping out in the kitchen and serving customers.
Janos was high up in the mountains.
Janos was holding a cat.
Janos was hoping to move to Algiers.
Janos was in a bad mood for the rest of the evening.
Janos was in love with another woman.
Janos was in some kind of trouble.
Janos was in the kitchen, doing his duty as a chef.
Janos was in the middle of the mountains.
Janos was in the photo booth.
Janos was in the restroom.
Janos was late every day.
Janos was late for an interview.
Janos was late for school.
Janos was looking around for a pen and saw Martha's phone on his desk.
Janos was looking at the photo album again.
Janos was looking for something in the trees.
Janos was making plans to move.
Janos was moved by Martha's story.
Janos was much taller than my dad.
Janos was offered a permanent position at the restaurant.
Janos was on guard.
Janos was on the hiking trail.
Janos was one of our best student.
Janos was out of sight.
Janos was outside the tent.
Janos was overwhelmed by Martha's generosity.
Janos was possessed that night.
Janos was pounding on Olivia's door, telling her to let him in.
Janos was preparing a gourmet dish for Martha.
Janos was preparing for a serious conversation with Martha.
Janos was put on life support.
Janos was puzzled by that.
Janos was ready to print his novel.
Janos was ready to shoot.
Janos was running around the apartment.
Janos was scared, too.
Janos was serving customers.
Janos was setting up camp.
Janos was sitting by the lake.
Janos was sitting in the middle of a lush green field.
Janos was smoking a cigarette and drinking a beer.
Janos was speaking in a horrifying voice.
Janos was spending time in a bar with Martha.
Janos was standing there, his mouth gaping.
Janos was starting the get tired.
Janos was stationed in Afghanistan with a license to kill.
Janos was still an obnoxious presence.
Janos was still dressed in just a shirt.
Janos was still on the itinerary.
Janos was stoking up the campfire.
Janos was sure he was never going to see his German Shepherd again.
Janos was surprised by Martha's appearance.
Janos was surrounded by cops.
Janos was surrounded by darkness.
Janos was taken to the police station.
Janos was taking care of his terminally-ill wife.
Janos was taking care of his wife.
Janos was talking to a problematic customer.
Janos was talking to his therapist.
Janos was the first to retire to bed.
Janos was the only person in Martha's life who truly believed in her.
Janos was there to give Martha moral support.
Janos was thinking about what would happen.
Janos was too shy to approach that girl.
Janos was trying to open the door for like ten minutes.
Janos was trying to retrieve a lamb that had escaped from the enclosure.
Janos was unable to take his eyes off Martha in her uniform.
Janos was vehemently against that decision.
Janos was very calm.
Janos was very respectful of the Navajo culture.
Janos was very skinny.
Janos was visibly shaken.
Janos was walking in a park.
Janos was walking in the dark dense woods.
Janos was wearing blue.
Janos was willing to stay in Algeria for Martha.
Janos was with his mom and dad.
Janos was with his wife in her final hours.
Janos was woken up for guard duty.
Janos was wrapped in a towel.
Janos washed Martha's hair for her.
Janos wasn't here for sex.
Janos wasn't listening anymore.
Janos wasn't pleased to see that Martha's boyfriend was there.
Janos wasn't ready for a serious relationship.
Janos wasn't very honest with Olivia.
Janos wasn't willing to give up his plans.
Janos went back home after his shift.
Janos went back to his couch.
Janos went back to that lake a few years later.
Janos went back to the camp site.
Janos went back to the restaurant.
Janos went fishing the next day.
Janos went for a short hike in the woods.
Janos went for a swim.
Janos went off the itinerary that Martha had prepared for him.
Janos went out to a park.
Janos went outside to investigate.
Janos went to Germany for a beer tour.
Janos went to Martha's office after hours.
Janos went to a bar.
Janos went to bed shortly after.
Janos went to feed his hamster.
Janos went to his new job.
Janos went to investigate with us.
Janos went to investigate.
Janos went to law school.
Janos went to look for that woodpecker.
Janos went to that summer camp with his classmates.
Janos went to the gas station convenience store.
Janos went to the rangers to report that man.
Janos went to the stove.
Janos wholeheartedly agreed.
Janos will be back soon.
Janos will be returning to Algiers soon.
Janos will leave first thing in the morning.
Janos will make it back soon.
Janos will never know exactly what Olivia wanted with him.
Janos will never know for sure.
Janos will not be going anywhere.
Janos will pass on the information to the sheriff.
Janos will send Olivia back to college.
Janos will send the picture to Martha later.
Janos will soon regret that decision.
Janos willingly gave up his life for Martha.
Janos wished Martha a good night.
Janos wished Martha great happiness.
Janos woke up a few minutes later.
Janos woke up early in the morning to do his usual ingredient shopping.
Janos woke up early in the morning.
Janos woke up to the sound of clinking metal.
Janos won't be able to drive for a few nights.
Janos won't be going on anymore caravans any time soon.
Janos wore the new boots and got blisters.
Janos worked two jobs and attended evening school.
Janos works for a small newspaper in Algiers.
Janos would do anything for his girlfriend.
Janos would prefer a dog to a hamster.
Janos wouldn't run away without his favorite toy.
Janos wrote a letter to his parents.
Janos's German Shepherd is friendly.
Janos's German Shepherd is growling at something.
Janos's German Shepherd kept barking.
Janos's German Shepherd let out a loud growl.
Janos's German Shepherd put herself between him and the cop.
Janos's German Shepherd started to growl.
Janos's German Shepherd was growling at some animal.
Janos's German Shepherds attacked Olivia's cattle.
Janos's apartment was messy.
Janos's birth disrupted all my life's plans.
Janos's camp is close.
Janos's credit card was declined.
Janos's daughter needs him.
Janos's destination was a campground forty kilometers from home.
Janos's dog loved people.
Janos's dog never growls.
Janos's dog never jumped on people.
Janos's dog stopped dead on her tracks.
Janos's eyes felt heavy and he finally fell asleep.
Janos's eyes were glued to the dense forest.
Janos's face was contorted with horrific anger.
Janos's family was pretty well-off.
Janos's father cut him off.
Janos's father was not to blame for anything.
Janos's fence was put up.
Janos's fiancée is old-fashioned.
Janos's hamster has gone.
Janos's hands started trembling again.
Janos's house in Hungary was raided.
Janos's kids slept in the camper.
Janos's life has completely changed.
Janos's mother often visits to help tidy up his apartment.
Janos's mother was a prostitute.
Janos's mother was very happy to see him.
Janos's parents are cleaning the living room.
Janos's parents made an unexpected visit.
Janos's parents were awful people.
Janos's parents were naturally upset.
Janos's phone suddenly rang.
Janos's plans collapsed because of his mother.
Janos's room was full of stuffed animals.
Janos's speech became very slurred.
Janos's truck was broken into.
Janos's truck was parked near the lake.
Janos's voice sounded strange.
Janos's with his biological father was a shock to him.
January 1 is when the euro, the new single currency adopted by 12 European nations, begins circulating among 300 million people in the largest monetary changeover in history.
January 15 is Interlingua Day, with activities and publicity to spread Interlingua across the whole world.
January 1st born natives aren't so uncommon after all.
January 1st is a day when many Japanese go to the shrine.
January 1st is the day when many Japanese go to shrines.
January 1st people and October 28th people are meant to spend their lives together.
January 1st people are so easy to spot out in any crowd.
January 1st people can be easily spotted out in society.
January 1st people look so similar to each other between all individuals who share this birthdate.
January 2006 marks the second year running that Guyanese coastal cities have faced severe floods.
January 21st is squirrel appreciation day.
January comes before February.
January feels longer than the other months with 31 days.
January has thirty-one days.
January is a pleasant month to travel to Japan.
January is my month.
January is named after Janus, the Roman god of beginnings and doors.
January is over already.
January is quite a pleasant month to visit Japan.
January is the first month in the secular calendar.
January is the first month of the calendar.
January is the first month of the year, April is the fourth, November is the eleventh, December is the twelfth.
January is the first month of the year, April is the fourth, November is the eleventh, and December is the twelfth.
January is the first month of the year.
January is the first month, and February is the second.
January is the longest month of the year.
January is usually the coldest month.
January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, September, October, November and December are the twelve months of the year.
January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, September, October, November, December.
Japan achieved a real GNP growth of 5% last year.
Japan achieved a remarkable development in industrial technology after the war.
Japan and Australia can't do anything to protect Taiwan.
Japan and Britain are island countries.
Japan and Canada also raised climate commitments during the summit.
Japan and China are different in many respects.
Japan and China differ from each other in many ways.
Japan and Korea are neighbours.
Japan and South Korea are neighboring countries.
Japan and South Korea are neighbors.
Japan and Southeast Asian countries have wrapped up a summit in Tokyo, pledging to create an East Asia economic community that includes free-trade agreements and aid. Japan also agreed to sign a non-aggression treaty with the 10 members of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations.
Japan and the U.S. are the most important trading partner to each other.
Japan and the United States became friendly nations.
Japan banned the use of the Korean language in schools.
Japan began to import rice from the United States.
Japan came under American pressure to open its financial market.
Japan can thus make a contribution in the fields of culture and education.
Japan caught up with the United States in this field.
Japan claims the Northern Territories for its own.
Japan consists of four main islands and many other smaller islands.
Japan consists of four main islands.
Japan consists of four major islands and over 3,000 small islands, and is about equal to California in area.
Japan consumes a lot of paper.
Japan declared war on the United States in December of 1941.
Japan declared war on the United States in December, 1941.
Japan depends on Arab countries for oil.
Japan depends on foreign countries for oil.
Japan depends on foreign trade.
Japan depends on imports for raw materials.
Japan depends on other countries for oil.
Japan depends on overseas countries for the supply of raw cotton.
Japan depends on the Arab countries for its oil supply.
Japan depends on the Middle East for 70% of oil it consumes.
Japan depends on the oil of Arabic countries.
Japan didn't fully Westernize.
Japan disproved phony accusations of computer chip dumping.
Japan does a lot of trade with Britain.
Japan does a lot of trade with Canada.
Japan does a lot of trade with the USA.
Japan does a lot of trade with the United States.
Japan doesn't have many natural resources.
Japan ended its period of isolation.
Japan entered into an alliance with France just before the war.
Japan exports a great number of cars to foreign countries.
Japan faces the Pacific on the east.
Japan fans may like the article "Aspect and Tense of Early Classical Japanese Adjectives."
Japan fans may like the article "Configurationality in Japanese: How Grammatical Functions are Determined."
Japan fans may like the article "Diachrony of complex predicates in Japanese."
Japan fans may like the article "Ergativity and Bare Nominals in Early Old Japanese."
Japan feels it got shafted in the negotiations.
Japan follows the principle of first-to-file.
Japan guaranteed a 2 billion yen aid package to developing countries.
Japan had defeated Russia in a war in 1905.
Japan has a high population density.
Japan has a lot of beautiful mountains.
Japan has a lot of trade with Canada.
Japan has a mild climate.
Japan has a surplus of rice, Europe of wine.
Japan has a very low crime rate.
Japan has an economy that is supported by hard-working company employees in big cities.
Japan has become a powerful nation.
Japan has been one of the greatest beneficiaries of the free trade system under the GATT regime.
Japan has been received into the family of free nations.
Japan has been sending athletes to the Olympics since 1912.
Japan has been sending her athletes to the Olympics since 1912.
Japan has been urged to alter her diplomatic policies.
Japan has caught up with America in some fields.
Japan has caught up with Europe and America in medicine.
Japan has changed completely in the last 15 years.
Japan has changed significantly in the past 50 years.
Japan has countless islands.
Japan has developed her economic growth.
Japan has diplomatic relations with China.
Japan has economically become a powerful nation.
Japan has enjoyed prosperity since the war.
Japan has frequent earthquakes.
Japan has had the experience of being hit by major earthquake disasters, since it is a country which has historically had many earthquakes.
Japan has little to no army on paper, but it has a lot of camps what are strangely similar to military bases.
Japan has long been favored by a business boom.
Japan has lots of interesting places to visit.
Japan has lots of islands.
Japan has many different characteristics.
Japan has many distinctive traits.
Japan has many tourist attractions.
Japan has much trade with the USA.
Japan has over 100 active volcanoes.
Japan has produced more cars than ever this year.
Japan has the best convenience food in the world.
Japan has thousands of islands.
Japan has to import most of its raw materials.
Japan has to import oil.
Japan has to reconstruct its economy.
Japan has undergone a drastic change as a result of industrialization.
Japan has water and people in abundance.
Japan imports a large quantity of oil.
Japan imports great quantities of crude oil.
Japan imports most of the energy resources it needs.
Japan imports oranges from California.
Japan imports raw materials from China and exports finished products to it.
Japan imports various raw materials from abroad.
Japan impresses me very much and I feel profound respect for the Japanese people.
Japan is Bangladesh's largest economic aid provider, and the two maintain a strategic and economic partnership.
Japan is a beautiful country.
Japan is a country in which there are many earthquakes.
Japan is a country of contrasts.
Japan is a country surrounded by sea.
Japan is a country surrounded by the sea on all sides.
Japan is a country that is completely surrounded by oceans.
Japan is a country that is surrounded on all sides by the ocean.
Japan is a country where there are many mountains.
Japan is a famous come-back story after World War II.
Japan is a famous come-back story after Would War II.
Japan is a group of islands with many mountains and almost no forests.
Japan is a highly developed country.
Japan is a leader in the world's high-tech industry.
Japan is a leader in the world’s high-tech industry.
Japan is a maritime nation surrounded on all sides by ocean.
Japan is a mighty nation.
Japan is a powerful country.
Japan is a rich country.
Japan is a service economy, in which services account for more than 50% of the GNP.
Japan is a small country, but the people there are very intense and creative.
Japan is a small country.
Japan is a strange country.
Japan is a very beautiful country.
Japan is a very long country from north to south.
Japan is a very pretty country.
Japan is a wealthy country.
Japan is abundant in water and people.
Japan is ahead of other advanced countries in electronics.
Japan is also called "Nihon" in Japanese.
Japan is an aged society.
Japan is an enormous archipelago.
Japan is an extraordinary country.
Japan is an extremely noisy country.
Japan is an immense archipelago.
Japan is an important country.
Japan is an industrial country.
Japan is an industrial nation.
Japan is an island country surrounded by the sea on all sides.
Japan is an island country, and it consists of four main islands.
Japan is an island country.
Japan is at peace with her neighbors.
Japan is becoming the most advanced country technologically.
Japan is being increasingly militarized.
Japan is bounded by water on every side.
Japan is called "Nippon" in Japanese.
Japan is close to China.
Japan is confronted with severe economic problems.
Japan is considered by some to be a failed superpower.
Japan is dependent on foreign countries for oil.
Japan is doing a lot of trade with the U.S.
Japan is expected to play a greater role in international society.
Japan is famous for Mt. Fuji.
Japan is famous for her scenic beauty.
Japan is famous for its scenic beauty.
Japan is famous for its scenic landscapes.
Japan is famous for many things.
Japan is famous for sushi.
Japan is full of beautiful cities. Kyoto and Nara, for example.
Japan is full of beautiful cities. Kyoto and Nara, for instance.
Japan is full of surprises!
Japan is greatly famous for earthquakes.
Japan is having a population collapse.
Japan is here!
Japan is highly competitive in high technology industries.
Japan is hit by typhoons every year.
Japan is hot and humid in the summer.
Japan is hot and sticky in summer.
Japan is in Asia.
Japan is in East Asia.
Japan is in eastern Asia.
Japan is in the eastern part of Asia.
Japan is lacking in raw materials.
Japan is located in Asia.
Japan is located in Far East Asia.
Japan is located in the Northern Hemisphere.
Japan is located in the eastern part of Asia.
Japan is located on the Pacific Ring of Fire.
Japan is made up of volcanic islands.
Japan is much cooler than Algeria.
Japan is much richer than Algeria.
Japan is not abundant in natural resources.
Japan is not as big as Canada.
Japan is not as large as Canada.
Japan is not rich in natural resources.
Japan is not what it was 15 years ago.
Japan is not what it was ten years ago.
Japan is now very different from what it was twenty years ago.
Japan is on the 135th meridian East.
Japan is one of the greatest economic powers in the world.
Japan is one of those most well-prepared countries on earth in terms of tsunami warning.
Japan is poor in natural resources.
Japan is rich in beautiful scenery.
Japan is ruled by an emperor and Spain by a king.
Japan is situated in Asia.
Japan is smaller than Canada.
Japan is still struggling to emerge from recession.
Japan is subject to earthquakes.
Japan is such a beautiful country.
Japan is surpassing China in economic power.
Japan is surrounded by sea.
Japan is surrounded by the ocean.
Japan is the OECD country where children are the least likely to have used a computer before the age of seven.
Japan is the best country in the world.
Japan is the best country under the sun.
Japan is the country of technology.
Japan is the land of the rising sun.
Japan is the largest importer of U.S. farm products.
Japan is the leader of the world's high-tech industry.
Japan is the leader of the world’s high-tech industry.
Japan is the only nation to have been hit by nuclear bombs.
Japan is the tenth largest country by population.
Japan is to the east of China.
Japan is today considered to be one of the greatest economic powers of the world.
Japan is trying to cope with the aging of its population.
Japan is unique among the Asian countries in having modernized completely.
Japan is very different from what it was fifty years ago.
Japan is very subject to earthquakes.
Japan is visited by millions of tourists.
Japan is weird.
Japan is, as it were, his second home.
Japan knew it was winning the war.
Japan launched a new invasion of China in July, 1937.
Japan maintains friendly relations with the United States.
Japan may appear to be peaceful and tranquil on the surface but the fact is that there are a lot of deep-rooted problems.
Japan must depend on foreign trade to make ends meet.
Japan must take over that role now.
Japan needed contact with the Western countries.
Japan opened certain ports to foreign trade.
Japan plays a key role in the world economy.
Japan plays an important role in promoting world peace.
Japan produces a lot of good cameras.
Japan ranks among the economic powers of the world.
Japan recognized the new government of that country.
Japan relies on Arab countries for oil.
Japan seceded from the League of Nations in 1933.
Japan should be kind to other countries.
Japan should not spend much money on weapons.
Japan stood with the United States at the U. N. Assembly.
Japan stretches over 3000 kilometers from north to south.
Japan suffers from typhoons every year.
Japan surpasses China in economic power.
Japan today is not what it was even ten years ago.
Japan trades with lots of countries in the world.
Japan trades with many foreign countries.
Japan trades with several foreign countries.
Japan tried to revive itself.
Japan used to trade silk in large quantities.
Japan wanted control of Manchuria.
Japan wanted to end any Russian threat to Korea.
Japan wants to boost its rice exports almost eightfold by 2030, a ministry official said Thursday, despite currently suffering a domestic shortage of the grain.
Japan was becoming more powerful in Asia.
Japan was closed.
Japan was completely isolated from the rest of the world.
Japan was hard up for oil.
Japan was left in ruins after the war.
Japan was one of the world's fastest growing economies in the 1980s.
Japan was put under military occupation.
Japan was the first East Asian country to industrialize.
Japan was the world's largest donor of ODA in 1991.
Japan was the world’s largest donor of ODA in 1991.
Japan will get it from many countries.
Japan will need more labor to cope with its declining birthrate.
Japan will soon start to engage in the exploration of the universe.
Japan won't stop surprising us.
Japan's ODA largely consists of concessionary yen credit repayable in 30 years, carrying an interest rate of 2% or so.
Japan's Obon is similar to Mexico's Day of the Dead.
Japan's Toshiba Corporation effectively ended the format war over the next-generation DVD players after announcing this week that it would no longer manufacture HD DVD players and recorders. The announcement paves the way for rival Sony Corporation's Blu-ray technology to become the industry standard for high-definition video.
Japan's army took control of the government in Tokyo in late 1931.
Japan's army was very powerful.
Japan's attack had brought America into the war.
Japan's attack had brought the United States into the war.
Japan's balance of payments has been running a huge surplus for many years.
Japan's changing economic policy is tied up with the labor shortage.
Japan's climate is calm.
Japan's climate is temperate.
Japan's competitiveness in camera making is unchallenged.
Japan's competitiveness is very strong in industrial products, but weak in agricultural products.
Japan's consumption of rice is decreasing.
Japan's culture has deeply affected East Asia.
Japan's dependence on foreign trade is not necessarily very high as a percentage of GNP.
Japan's exports exceeded imports by $77.8 billion in 1998.
Japan's exports to the entire world topped $314 billion in 1998.
Japan's fiscal year runs from April 1 till March 31 in the following year.
Japan's foreign aid is decreasing in part because of an economic slowdown at home.
Japan's foreign direct investment reached $10 billion last year.
Japan's gold and foreign exchange reserves stood at $68.9 billion at the end of 1998, down from $77.0 billion a year earlier.
Japan's import of manufactured goods has increased considerably.
Japan's inflation rate is 2%.
Japan's inflation-adjusted GNP growth rate was 5%.
Japan's markets were closed on Wednesday for a public holiday.
Japan's money power has a global reach now.
Japan's most important opponent was China.
Japan's national budget for a new fiscal year is normally compiled in December.
Japan's native Ainu are full of body hair.
Japan's performers excel in bungee jumping.
Japan's population is declining.
Japan's population is larger than Canada's.
Japan's population is larger than that of Britain and France put together.
Japan's population is shrinking.
Japan's population is smaller than that of the United States.
Japan's prime ministers change rapidly so I can't really remember each of their names.
Japan's problem has been that she has continued to view international relations as an extension of her hierarchical interpersonal relations at home.
Japan's rice market is closed to imports.
Japan's shame, the result of the Pacific War, has not yet faded.
Japan's summers are hot and humid.
Japan's trade surplus soared to a record high.
Japan's vast fishing industry, as well as its neighbor South Korea, have strongly opposed the idea of dumping the contaminated water into the ocean.
Japan, for the most part, is a good place to live.
Japan, for the most part, is a lovely place to live in.
Japan, for the most part, is a lovely place to live.
Japan, the US, and China are French Polynesia's three largest trade partners.
Japan? Did anything special happen there?
Japanese Admiral Isoroku Yamamoto launched the battle.
Japanese Immigration Control is known for being strict with refugees.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has announced he is stepping down due to chronic health concerns.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe led the country in a moment of silence Tuesday on the ninth anniversary of the massive earthquake and subsequent tsunami that killed at least 18,000 people.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said the 2020 Tokyo Summer Olympic Games may have to be postponed.
Japanese accents vary from region to region.
Japanese and American forces were still fighting bitterly.
Japanese and American interests clashed on this point.
Japanese and British people usually wait at a bus stop in a queue.
Japanese anime these days is becoming more and more like pornography.
Japanese are Asians.
Japanese are expected to be sneezing more and more frequently over the next few months, with forecasters predicting an unusually high volume of pollen from cedar and cypress trees.
Japanese are not so particular about religion.
Japanese automakers are investing heavily in new plant and equipment.
Japanese beef was on sale yesterday.
Japanese bureaucrats are nothing but traitors to the country who covet our tax money and will continue the practice of amakudari until the country is bankrupt.
Japanese businessmen are calling for a level playing field.
Japanese cameras, cars, and hi-fi equipment are used widely abroad, and few modern industries can manage without advanced electronic equipment developed in Japan.
Japanese cars are for the most part reliable.
Japanese cars are right hand drive.
Japanese cars are right-hand drive.
Japanese cars are very popular.
Japanese cars have the steering wheel on the right.
Japanese cars sell well overseas.
Japanese cars' steering wheels are on the right.
Japanese children are group members even when they are sleeping.
Japanese children brought up overseas sometimes face great difficulty in adjusting themselves to Japanese schools after returning, even though they have a perfect command of Japanese.
Japanese children watch television more than English children.
Japanese comics have boomed on a large scale.
Japanese companies emphasize hierarchy.
Japanese companies generally provide their employees with uniforms.
Japanese companies have built up a reputation for quality.
Japanese companies have set up factories on every continent, and Japanese banks help finance many of the world's major economic programs.
Japanese companies have set up factories on every continent, and Japanese banks help finance many of the world’s major economic programs.
Japanese consumers are watching closely the U.S. government's efforts to make Japan dismantle various restrictions on imports of foreign goods into the country.
Japanese consumers are watching closely the U.S. government’s efforts to make Japan dismantle various restrictions on imports of foreign goods into the country.
Japanese corporations are slashing their capital spending programs.
Japanese culture and people are really unique.
Japanese cultured pearls have come to monopolise as much as 60% of the world pearl market.
Japanese currency is widely used here.
Japanese differ from American in many respects.
Japanese differ from Americans in many respects.
Japanese do not feel it necessary to make babble in a silent moment, which Westerners find discomforting.
Japanese don't talk a lot because they know that what people talk about is usually about themselves, albeit indirectly.
Japanese eat more than just Japanese cuisine.
Japanese eat three meals a day.
Japanese education is sometimes said to be based on the principle of "drill and kill".
Japanese education is sometimes said to employ the drill and kill method.
Japanese enjoy solitude, even amongst a crowd.
Japanese flags were flying.
Japanese food is very different from anything that I had while growing up.
Japanese food terms are difficult to render into other languages.
Japanese forces marched into Burma.
Japanese gardens usually have ponds.
Japanese green gentian tea is very bitter.
Japanese has a lot of pronouns.
Japanese has something in common with Korean.
Japanese health officials placed the ship and its 3,700 passengers and crew under quarantine after a passenger who disembarked in Hong Kong was diagnosed with COVID-19.
Japanese high school students go to school 35 weeks a year.
Japanese history interests me.
Japanese history is my favorite subject.
Japanese houses are built of wood and they catch fire easily.
Japanese houses are small.
Japanese industries export various products to America.
Japanese industry has made great advances since the war.
Japanese is a difficult language, but not as much as Chinese.
Japanese is a major SOV language.
Japanese is a quantum language. It is to languages what quantum physics is to physics.
Japanese is an easy language, isn't it?
Japanese is an incredible language.
Japanese is beautiful.
Japanese is considered a monocentric language.
Japanese is difficult even for Japanese people.
Japanese is difficult.
Japanese is easy to understand.
Japanese is hard, don't you think?
Japanese is hard, isn't it?
Japanese is hard.
Japanese is harder than English.
Japanese is much deeper than you'd think.
Japanese is my mother tongue.
Japanese is my native language.
Japanese is not a Indo-European language.
Japanese is not taught in high school, so I study on my own.
Japanese is not used in this country.
Japanese is often said to be a difficult language to learn.
Japanese is one of the ten most spoken languages in the world.
Japanese is our mother tongue.
Japanese isn't like Chinese at all, even though both languages are Asian.
Japanese kanji have a number of ways of being read.
Japanese know that there is wabi-sabi in celestial objects.
Japanese like the number 14, which they interpret as meaning "to die alone"; however, the number 24 is not really popular amongst Japanese people. Such numbers are a no-no to Chinese, who think that the number 4 is just unlucky; however, that number is sacred to Japanese. The number 54 is acceptable to speakers of Cantonese, for whom it means "not dead." Chinese prefer the number 3, the "life" or "birth" number. Japanese and Chinese people have different cultures, of course.
Japanese like to make rap music in their own language. Because Japanese has distinctly sounding syllables, their rap music sounds better than in English.
Japanese like to soak in hot water before going to sleep.
Japanese literature, in spite of its beauty and riches, is as yet inadequately known in the West.
Japanese love to soak in a hot tub before bed.
Japanese management must learn how to deal with American workers, he said.
Japanese manga and anime are popular around the world.
Japanese may be different from other ethnicities due to more use of the dextral brain. The sinistral brain predominates occidental vicissitudes.
Japanese men still like baseball better than soccer.
Japanese office workers rarely consider taking a break when they're tired.
Japanese office workers work very hard.
Japanese officials said more than 73,000 emergency workers and troops were involved in search and rescue efforts.
Japanese parents are not keen to talk about their own children.
Japanese pears look just like apples.
Japanese people are considered to be polite.
Japanese people are fortunate to live in a land with natural hot springs.
Japanese people are generally very reserved.
Japanese people are strict about coming on time.
Japanese people do not take kindly to being late.
Japanese people eat three times a day.
Japanese people exchange gifts in order to communicate.
Japanese people exchange gifts in order to express their feelings.
Japanese people generally are hard workers.
Japanese people in Japan speak Japanese.
Japanese people in general are polite.
Japanese people like to eat tuna.
Japanese people take three meals a day.
Japanese people tend to rely on established authority.
Japanese people tend to think that way.
Japanese plays an important role in promoting peace in the world.
Japanese plays an important role in promoting world peace.
Japanese punk rockers and Medellín punk rockers are only alike in the way they dress; but, in terms of attitude, Medellín punk rockers are rebellious, while those from Japan are posing just for the hell of it.
Japanese raccoon dogs are commonly known as tanukis.
Japanese really like bathing in water. It is a spiritual experience.
Japanese sci-fi, as in anime, involves their Buddhistic and Animistic spirituality.
Japanese scientists are trying to develop a new toxin-free solder that will not damage the groundwater.
Japanese script seems easier on the eyes than Roman script.
Japanese seem to prefer picking a marriage partner as much like themselves as possible, finding a job that provides security and slow but steady advancement, and putting money in the bank.
Japanese shogi corresponds to chess.
Japanese should not forget that America is a multiracial nation.
Japanese sometimes put seaweed in their spaghetti dishes.
Japanese speakers of English often have difficulty in dealing with informal conversation, such as at parties or in small informal groups.
Japanese students go to school for 35 weeks per year.
Japanese students seem not merely to be extremely reserved, but to have at times almost a complete reluctance to speak.
Japanese sumo wrestlers eat a stew called Chankonabe to gain fat and muscle.
Japanese sweets are lower in calories than Western sweets.
Japanese symbolisms often have several nuances.
Japanese take off their shoes when entering a house.
Japanese take their shoes off when they enter a house.
Japanese teens like rock and jazz.
Japanese texts frequently use emoji or kaomoji in place of using a full stop at the end of messages.
Japanese think that everything is art.
Japanese tourists abroad are big spenders.
Japanese tourists can be found everywhere.
Japanese trains are some of the world's most punctual.
Japanese use a lot of sinograms. Many sinograms have a categorizing radical along with a phonetic hint radical, historically for Chinese. Sometimes, Japanese borrow a sinogram and pronounce it with a Japanese native reading, so the original Chinese historicity becomes semi-irrelevant. In a way, Japanese writing is a real mishmash.
Japanese wear masks when feeling sick as a courtesy to stop any sneezes from landing on other people.
Japanese without kanji is trying to walk with one foot.
Japanese women are believed to be very clever with their hands.
Japanese women are in my opinion some of the most beautiful in the world.
Japanese women carry their babies on their backs.
Japanese women get married at 25 on average.
Japanese women marry at 26 on average. It is no mystery that the birthrate is declining.
Japanese women mask their faces on days when they don’t have time to put on makeup.
Japanese women tend to look tiny and delicate.
Japanese young people like rock and jazz music.
Japanese young people like rock and jazz.
Japanese youth is better.
Japanese, Tagalog, and Chinese have no verbal tenses.
Japanese, be talkative!
Japan’s "yōkan" is a dessert made of sweetened mung beans.
Japan’s ODA largely consists of concessionary yen credit repayable in 30 years, carrying an interest rate of 2% or so.
Japan’s army took control of the government in Tokyo in late 1931.
Japan’s army was very powerful.
Japan’s attack had brought America into the war.
Japan’s balance of payments has been running a huge surplus for many years.
Japan’s changing economic policy is tied up with the labor shortage.
Japan’s competitiveness in camera making is unchallenged.
Japan’s competitiveness is very strong in industrial products, but weak in agricultural products.
Japan’s consumption of rice is decreasing.
Japan’s dependence on foreign trade is not necessarily very high as a percentage of GNP.
Japan’s exports exceeded imports by $77.8 billion in 1998.
Japan’s exports to the entire world topped $314 billion in 1998.
Japan’s fiscal year runs from April 1 till March 31 in the following year.
Japan’s foreign aid is decreasing in part because of an economic slowdown at home.
Japan’s foreign direct investment reached $10 billion last year.
Japan’s gold and foreign exchange reserves stood at $68.9 billion at the end of 1998, down from $77.0 billion a year earlier.
Japan’s government announced Monday that the world’s third-largest economy grew at an annual pace of 21% in the third quarter spanning from July to September.
Japan’s import of manufactured goods has increased considerably.
Japan’s inflation-adjusted GNP growth rate was 5%.
Japan’s money power has a global reach now.
Japan’s most important opponent was China.
Japan’s national budget for a new fiscal year is normally compiled in December.
Japan’s population is larger than that of Britain and France put together.
Japan’s problem has been that she has continued to view international relations as an extension of her hierarchical interpersonal relations at home.
Japan’s rice market is closed to imports.
Japan’s shame, the result of the Pacific War, has not yet faded.
Japan’s trade surplus soared to a record high.
Jared Golden is owned by Sallie Mae.
Jared Kushner did everything Republicans imagine Hunter Biden doing in their fever dreams.
Jared Kushner was a member of his father-in-law's administration, whereas Hunter Biden has no role in Joe Biden's.
Jashan the vendor at the sandwich eatery tells me that he is a Sikh from Punjab in India. He says that the majority in Punjab own agricultural land.
Jasmin is a German girl.
Jasmin was born in Germany.
Jasmin's expressive eyebrows frame her face, adding depth and intensity to her gaze.
Jasmin's fashion sense is impeccable, showcasing her innate sense of style and elegance.
Jasmine and lavender are my favorite scents.
Jason Esterhuizen never thought he'd be able to see light or movement again after a car accident left him blind.
Jason and his friends even made the same dish during one virtual dinner.
Jason has brown eyes.
Jason is no bad guy, but rather a pitiable loser.
Jason places a TV monitor on his dining table and chats with his friends during the meal.
Jason put salt instead of sugar in his coffee by accident.
Jason uses social media to promote his business.
Jason was a taciturn individual, so it was always a real surprise when he said anything.
Jason was caught in the rain and ruined his new suit.
Jason, who was in charge of the project, was dismissed for corruption.
Jasper never liked his name and planned to change it someday.
Jaume's grandmother spoke Catalan better than Spanish.
Jaundice is a temporary yellowing of the newborn baby's skin and eyes because of excess bilirubin, a yellow pigment of red blood cells.
Java and Javascript are like India and Indonesia, they aren't the same thing.
JavaScript is a programming language.
Javelinas are ugly and vicious wild animals that live in Arizona.
Javier Borgúa and Peluche Torres create fantastic food videos in Spanish on Social Media.
Javier Díaz, an economist at IESE business school in Madrid, said Spain has suffered more from the pandemic than other European countries because of its reliance on tourism and the automotive sector, which is struggling because of a global chip shortage and lower consumer demand.
Javier blushed.
Javier blushes.
Javier is blushing.
Javier is turning red.
Javier turned red.
Jawaharlal Nehru was the first prime minister of India.
Jay picked up the old scissors.
Jay-walking is dangerous.
Jayjay adores Jessica's songs.
Jayjay also saw Jessica in a new light.
Jayjay and I will fit in nicely here.
Jayjay and Jessica agreed to go on a date some time.
Jayjay and Jessica laughed and remembered the best moments at their school.
Jayjay ate something.
Jayjay believed in lucky charms.
Jayjay believed in the power of that ring.
Jayjay called Jessica's dress "rags."
Jayjay came back empty-handed.
Jayjay came home looking extremely happy.
Jayjay came to school the next day in a terrible mood.
Jayjay came up with a brilliant idea.
Jayjay can have his room back.
Jayjay can't use his real name or picture.
Jayjay closed his eyes started to play and sing his heart out.
Jayjay collapsed into a chair.
Jayjay couldn't live without music.
Jayjay couldn't tell Jessica that it was him.
Jayjay designed that Shawi dress for his niece.
Jayjay didn't let Jessica play the piano.
Jayjay didn't take anything from Jessica.
Jayjay doesn't even know me.
Jayjay doesn't stay away for too long.
Jayjay dropped his phone and the screen broke.
Jayjay drove up to Jessica's mansion.
Jayjay encouraged Jessica to practice more.
Jayjay even took part in archeological excavations.
Jayjay felt he was in prison.
Jayjay followed Jessica's cunning plan.
Jayjay forced Jessica to use that piano to record the music.
Jayjay gave Jessica the shirt.
Jayjay gave Jessica this laptop.
Jayjay got rid of his evil stepmother and sister.
Jayjay had enough money to hire a lawyer.
Jayjay had no time to change.
Jayjay had to ask Jessica for help.
Jayjay has already ordered the pizza.
Jayjay has been arrested. Can you imagine?
Jayjay has heard the news.
Jayjay has never had such an employee.
Jayjay has to prepare for his first live concert.
Jayjay has to take the job.
Jayjay has to travel every now and again.
Jayjay has to win the competition.
Jayjay hasn't played a real piano for years.
Jayjay hears that a lot.
Jayjay hugged Jessica gratefully.
Jayjay invited a woman and her two daughters over for dinner.
Jayjay is forgiving Jessica.
Jayjay is giving Jessica a headache.
Jayjay is going to that neighborhood tomorrow morning.
Jayjay is going to the party in a fancy car.
Jayjay is recovering from a bad cold.
Jayjay is the one who is actually making those songs.
Jayjay is too arrogant to see that.
Jayjay knew Jessica had been in the theater.
Jayjay knows the truth now.
Jayjay knows we love him.
Jayjay left the room and started walking aimlessly along the corridors of the company.
Jayjay literally knows all my songs by heart.
Jayjay loves Jessica dearly.
Jayjay made a selfie with Jessica.
Jayjay managed to get away from the police through narrow alleys.
Jayjay moved in with us.
Jayjay must have taken the wrong bag from Jessica's car.
Jayjay never thought Jessica would lie to him.
Jayjay often told us fascinating stories.
Jayjay only had himself to blame for failing the exams.
Jayjay picked Jessica up as they agreed.
Jayjay played and sang the song perfectly.
Jayjay played different kinds of instruments.
Jayjay played live.
Jayjay played the piano and wrote songs.
Jayjay posted a bad quality video.
Jayjay pretended to be nice to Jessica.
Jayjay ran into John in the locker room.
Jayjay rang the doorbell and pretended to be a postman.
Jayjay really didn't like the idea.
Jayjay really was very successful.
Jayjay saved enough money.
Jayjay saw Jessica in a different outfit.
Jayjay saw Jessica's photos in his family' album.
Jayjay showed his true colors.
Jayjay sings like an angel.
Jayjay slyly winked at Jessica.
Jayjay soon ran into trouble.
Jayjay spent all his time playing or listening to music.
Jayjay stared at Jessica in surprise.
Jayjay started to play the piano and sing.
Jayjay started to search for information on the Internet.
Jayjay still had to explain what happened to his mother.
Jayjay stole Jessica's music and lyrics.
Jayjay studied the history of fashion.
Jayjay succeeded because he worked hard and not thanks to magic.
Jayjay successfully passed the exams.
Jayjay thought we would be best friends.
Jayjay told Dad everything when he got back.
Jayjay told Jessica about his problem.
Jayjay told Jessica to stop bothering him.
Jayjay told lies about Jessica.
Jayjay traveled a lot.
Jayjay tried to sing in a low voice.
Jayjay tried to steal the Shawi dress from the locker room.
Jayjay turned Jessica again.
Jayjay wanted to ask Jessica for advice.
Jayjay wanted to calm Mom down.
Jayjay wanted to see his mom and dad happy again.
Jayjay wanted to spend his holidays with his friends.
Jayjay wanted to steal Jessica's music.
Jayjay wanted to use Jessica's fame.
Jayjay wants a new laptop.
Jayjay wants your shirt.
Jayjay was Jessica's former friend.
Jayjay was crazy and heartless.
Jayjay was even thinking about going to the police.
Jayjay was far away from music.
Jayjay was gutted and started looking for a new job.
Jayjay was living the dream.
Jayjay was making an insane amount of money.
Jayjay was only nice to Jessica when Dad was around.
Jayjay was out of breath and couldn't run anymore.
Jayjay was pretty desperate.
Jayjay was sure that without the ring, he was just a loser.
Jayjay was terrified for a second.
Jayjay was the center of attention all evening.
Jayjay was trying to steal a Shawi dress from Jessica's store.
Jayjay was very nice to Jessica especially.
Jayjay was waiting for Jessica with a bouquet of flowers.
Jayjay wasn't allowed to go anywhere other than school.
Jayjay watched Jessica doing it.
Jayjay went to the theater.
Jayjay will be able to find a good job again.
Jayjay will catch up to Jessica.
Jayjay will make a lot of money.
Jayjay will soon get into the best college in the state.
Jayjay will stay home during the summer.
Jayjay will stay in jail forever.
Jayjay will think on something.
Jayjay worked as a janitor at school.
Jayjay works here as a cleaner in the evening.
Jayjay would be crazy to say no.
Jayjay wouldn't want to be Jessica for anything in the world.
Jayjay wrote a song on the required theme.
Jayjay's academic performance wasn't great.
Jayjay's relatives were successful.
Jays and finches are frolicking in our garden.
Jaywalking is dangerous and illegal.
Jazz fusion is a combination of rock and jazz.
Jazz gained many new listeners in the nineteen fifties. People went to jazz clubs and bought jazz recordings. The introduction of the long-playing record also helped the music become more popular. People could listen to a long piece or a number of short pieces without changing the record.
Jazz is characterized by improvisation on chord progressions.
Jazz is not my speciality.
Jazz is not my specialty.
Jazz isn't dead, it just smells funny.
Jazz isn't my speciality.
Jazz isn't my specialty.
Jazz isn’t dead, it just smells funny.
Jazz makes heavy use of syncopation.
Jazz music was playing in the background.
Jazz musicians often like to use tritone substitutions.
Jazz uses the same notes that Bach used.
Jazz was not invented in Australia.
Jealous people die, but not jealousy.
Jealously can destroy people's lives.
Jealousy and greed are two of the most common motivators of murder.
Jealousy and strife have overthrown great cities, and rooted up mighty nations.
Jealousy and stupidity often walk together.
Jealousy can create a toxic atmosphere in a relationship.
Jealousy can easily drive a wedge between people.
Jealousy can lead to murder.
Jealousy has big eyes towards everything.
Jealousy in a relationship is often brought about by a lack of trust.
Jealousy is a common feeling.
Jealousy is a disease; love is a healthy condition. The immature mind often confuses one for the other, or assumes the greater the love, the greater the jealousy. In fact they are almost incompatible; both at once produce unbearable turmoil.
Jealousy is a personal problem.
Jealousy is a strong emotion in many people. I think that it is especially so in people who lack imagination. If someone has something that one might desire, one could just use imagination to compensate. Imagination is key. People with strong imagination do not easily get jealous.
Jealousy is always born at the same time as love, but it does not always die at the same time as love.
Jealousy is an enemy to friendship.
Jealousy is an ugly beast.
Jealousy is an ugly thing.
Jealousy is not the same as envy. Do not confuse the two. There is a difference.
Jealousy is one of the most destructive of all human emotions.
Jealousy is the death of love.
Jealousy is the grave of love.
Jealousy is the undue concern about the preservation of that which can only be lost if not worth keeping.
Jealousy is your problem.
Jealousy is, to me, the most ignoble human feeling there is.
Jealousy isn't the same as envy.
Jealousy made Tom do that.
Jealousy made him do that.
Jealousy only creates distance between us.
Jealousy was the motive for the murder.
Jealousy, the green-eyed monster, encompasses even the best of us.
Jean Amrouche is a well-known Kabyle intellectual.
Jean La Rose said despite this wealth of natural resources Amerindian groups like the Arawak, who make up 10 percent of the population, remain impoverished.
Jean Reno is my favorite actor.
Jean and Janine ate tomatoes.
Jean and Jeanne looked at my hens.
Jean and Jeanne watched the cows.
Jean and Jeanne will look at my tulips.
Jean and Jeanne will look at your roses.
Jean and Jeanne will watch my tulip.
Jean and Kate are twins.
Jean and Marie are the authors of numerous books.
Jean and Philippe are going to take a look.
Jean and jeanne looked at the windows.
Jean ate the osechi cooking his wife cooked for herself.
Jean eats a banana.
Jean eats his soup.
Jean eats your soup.
Jean has fallen out with Paul over the education of their children.
Jean has never smoked.
Jean has read the latest news.
Jean has to lower his head in order to enter the room.
Jean helps me.
Jean is eating a banana.
Jean is eating your apple.
Jean is eating your lemon.
Jean is eating your orange.
Jean is generous.
Jean is looking at the cows.
Jean is something less than an expert pianist.
Jean is twenty years old.
Jean looked at a pear.
Jean looked at chickens.
Jean looked at my tulips.
Jean looked at the cows.
Jean looked at the hen.
Jean looks at the roses.
Jean often eats lunch quickly.
Jean quit his job.
Jean talks with the neighbor.
Jean travels less than Alice.
Jean was looking at the cows.
Jean would like to visit Gabon.
Jean-Claude fancies himself to be among the best, if not the best, in his field.
Jean-Luc gives Beverly the book by Shakespeare.
Jean-Luc's brother has five children.
Jean-Luc's brother has five kids.
Jean-Paul Sartre argued that life in itself is completely meaningless, and that we must find the courage to accept this and live with it.
Jean-Paul Sartre was a famous French philosopher.
Jean? Yes, I bumped into him yesterday in town.
Jeanette Thong, a private trainer based in Singapore, first got into fitness when she started experiencing back pain and weight gain from sitting at a desk all day at her office job.
Jeanine is eating your peach.
Jeanine is the most charming of all.
Jeanine Áñez is a racist, fascist dictator installed by a military coup.
Jeann and Jeanne were looking at tulips.
Jeanne ate tomatoes.
Jeanne copied his sentence.
Jeanne is also playing tennis.
Jeanne is looking at your roses.
Jeanne looked at his flower.
Jeanne looks at my flowers.
Jeanne was looking at some flowers.
Jeanne was looking at the rose.
Jeanne will eat my lemons.
Jeanne will eat your kiwis.
Jeanne will eat your lemon.
Jeannie's hair was bluer than her eyes.
Jeannie’s hair was bluer than her eyes.
Jeans are a popular clothing export.
Jeans are all the rage with the ladies nowadays.
Jeans are in fashion among girls these days.
Jeans are just jeans. Why did you spend so much money on designer jeans?
Jeans are now in fashion among girls.
Jeans can cause infertility for men.
Jeans go with everything.
Jeans manufacturers make denim bluer with indigo dye.
Jeans take forever to dry.
Jeans will never go out of style.
Jebus is the mythical former name of Jerusalem.
Jed works as a cattle feeder, but he has designs on the whole ranch.
Jedge has already visited other neighboring planets of the Alpha Centauri system.
Jedge has never visited Earth, the original planet of humanity.
Jedge lives in a colony on the fourth planet of Alpha Centauri B.
Jedge speaks Esperanto to foreigners from other planets.
Jedge works in a restaurant in a colony on the fourth planet of Alpha Centauri B.
Jeez! Dude, that's too expensive! Stop ripping off everyone, alright?
Jeez, Susan, I thought you were in Paris and wouldn't be back until Tuesday!
Jeez, Tom, close the window! No wonder it's so cold in here!
Jeez, what're you up to?
Jeez, what’re you up to?
Jeez, you learn fast.
Jeff Bezos has said it's harder to find ways of spending his money than to earn more.
Jeff Bezos has surpassed Bill Gates to become the world’s richest man.
Jeff Bezos is now worth more than 150 billion dollars.
Jeff Bezos is the world’s richest man.
Jeff Bezos' net worth is estimated at around $120 billions.
Jeff Daniels is my favourite actor.
Jeff Pettis stresses that the problem of colony collapse disorder has not yet been solved, and that much more research is needed to completely understand this puzzling and potentially devastating problem.
Jeff Worn, the Vice President of the South Georgia Pecan Company in Valdosta, Georgia, one of the largest pecan producers in the world, says the Chinese bought about 31 to 36 million kilograms last year, a third of the entire U.S. pecan crop last year. He says that has raised the price of pecans precipitously.
Jeff and Mia are making a last ditch effort to avoid a divorce.
Jeff had to pound the pavement for three months before he found a job.
Jeff is a hypocrite.
Jeff lost yesterday's match, but I'm sure he is a promising tennis player.
Jeff lost yesterday’s match, but I’m sure he is a promising tennis player.
Jeff searched for three months before he found a job.
Jeff seems to know where he is.
Jeff seems to know where she is.
Jeff seems to know who she is.
Jeff thinks he will never fall in love.
Jeff was very upset when an international food conglomerate introduced the "JEFF Ready Sandwich Spread."
Jeff wore the tie Kim had given him for a birthday present.
Jeff wore the tie that Kim had given him for a birthday present.
Jeff wore the tie which Kim had given him for a birthday present.
Jefferson Davis was the president of the Confederate States of America.
Jefferson agreed with Madison.
Jefferson believed firmly in the value of education.
Jefferson believed the nation was in good hands.
Jefferson decided not to resign.
Jefferson declared that human beings possess unalienable rights.
Jefferson received 162 electoral votes.
Jefferson rejected this idea.
Jefferson remained calm.
Jefferson sent James Monroe to Paris as a special negotiator.
Jefferson was a happy president in those early days of 1801.
Jefferson was a plantation owner, and he owned slaves which he freed in his will.
Jefferson was not ready to give up his plan.
Jefferson's Bible gives us a preaching Jesus of distinctly human dimensions, without miracles or resurrection.
Jefferson's supreme respect for the teachings of Jesus induced him not only to compile a digest of His words, but to then read the sacred collection every night.
Jeffrey is called Jeff by his friends.
Jehovah's Witnesses are known for their door-to-door preaching.
Jehovah's Witnesses believe that JC was not nailed to a cross, but to a stake. They, unlike other Christian sects, do not use the cross symbol.
Jehovah's Witnesses believe that only 144 000 male virgins will go to Heaven. Most people, when they die, will "sleep" without consciousness in Hades, Sheol. Of them those who did not insult God will be resurrected into the physical paradise on Earth in the Millennium after Armageddon.
Jehovah's Witnesses don't believe in the Holy Trinity.
Jehovah's Witnesses reportedly believe that Jesus was not a god when on Earth, but became a god again upon returning to Heaven.
Jeju Island is a popular travel destination in South Korea.
Jeju Island looks like paradise.
Jekyll is a doctor and Utterson is a lawyer.
Jekyll ran out of vials of his serum.
Jekyll repressed a lot of violence impulses.
Jekyll suffers physically when he transforms into Hyde.
Jekyll turns into Hyde using his concoction.
Jekyll, Utterson, and Lanyon were all friends.
Jelle Van Loon, of the International Maize and Wheat Improvement Center, demonstrates a prototype hand planter.
Jellied eels are among my least favourite foods.
Jellison personally ranks the day she defended her doctoral dissertation above her wedding as one of the best days of her life.
Jelly sets as it cools.
Jellyfish are taking over the oceans.
Jellyfish can kill people.
Jellyfish make up up to 40% of the biomass of the ocean.
Jenn shut the door on her chances that day.
Jenna Bush Hager, the daughter of President George W. Bush, who served from 2001 to 2009, said she and her twin sister Barbara once heard 1920s piano music coming from the fireplace in their bedroom.
Jenner noticed that milkmaids who contracted cowpox seemed to be immune to smallpox.
Jennifer Connelly still looks young and beautiful.
Jennifer Merrill left her husband of 24 years after he voted for Donald Trump during the 2016 U.S. presidential election.
Jennifer Nalbone is director of Invasive Species Navigation with Great Lakes United. The U.S. Canada coalition is dedicated to keeping aggressive invaders out of the lakes, and controlling those already there.
Jennifer fights.
Jennifer has a good eye for beauty.
Jennifer has been working in London since January.
Jennifer is very disappointed about the concert being cancelled. She really had her heart set on going.
Jennifer is wearing a red cardigan.
Jennifer lives a peaceful life in the small village, unlike us with our busy city lives.
Jennifer was flamboyant that night, and Jack fell in love with her immediately.
Jenny could not ignore her parents' desire for her safety.
Jenny could not ignore her parents’ desire for her safety.
Jenny dances the samba.
Jenny died of cancer.
Jenny has a gun.
Jenny laughed when she saw how small his penis was.
Jenny thanked me for the gift.
Jenny washed the kitchen wall twice a year.
Jenny's little brother had the annoying habit of asking "why" after every statement she made.
Jensen has refused to let her condition stop her from living a life filled with activities, art and love.
Jeong said she also experienced racism.
Jerboas look like kangaroos due to having many similarities such as long hind legs, very short forelegs, and long tails.
Jeremy Burge, the founder of Emojipedia, created World Emoji Day in 2014.
Jeremy Filko is using his 3-D printer to create plastic mask shields for doctors, nurses and other first responders.
Jeremy Kinney, associate director for research and curatorial affairs, said visitors can learn about space toilets and what it’s like to live on the International Space Station.
Jeremy and Thomas play video games.
Jeremy is Cory's oldest son.
Jeremy worked as a flight attendant and lived in St Louis.
Jerk!
Jerk.
Jermaine Jackson converted to Islam.
Jermaine Jackson is Michael's brother.
Jerome won't have sex with you, he's a total puritan.
Jerry Abershawe was a notorious footpad.
Jerry Lewis is a famous Jewish actor.
Jerry Rawlings took power in 1981 and banned political parties.
Jerry Seinfeld is half Ashkenazi from Hungary, half Mizrahi from Aleppo, Syria.
Jerry and Ann make amateur porn videos in their spare time.
Jerry doesn't bother about other people and only has an eye on the main chance.
Jerry doesn’t bother about other people and only has an eye on the main chance.
Jerry is a very honest man. You can always take him at his word.
Jerry is the bean counter for our company.
Jerry was ashamed of his small penis.
Jerry wish he knew who to talk to. He has nobody to call. Time ticks. He has no intention to upset the old man, but he has not a clue as to how to ask him what will please him.
Jersey Shore gave New Jersey a bad reputation.
Jersey has beautiful scenery.
Jerusalem is Israel's capital.
Jerusalem is a city of tunnels and underpasses.
Jerusalem is a place where Islam, Christianity and Judaism all intersect.
Jerusalem is a symbolic city for Muslims, Christians, and Jews.
Jerusalem is called "Yerushalayim" in Hebrew.
Jerusalem is considered a triply holy city.
Jerusalem is not just a Muslim issue. It's an international issue.
Jerusalem is sitting on a volcano.
Jerusalem is the Holy City of the Jews.
Jerusalem is the capital of Israel.
Jerusalem is the capital of Palestine.
Jerusalem is the holiest and most important Jewish city.
Jerusalem is the third holy city in Islam, following Mecca and Medina.
Jerusalem is to be annexed.
Jerusalem was violently de-Judaized by the Roman Empire.
Jerusalem, where the al-Aqsa Mosque is located, is an ancient city.
Jerusalem, where the al-Aqsa Mosque is located, is one of the oldest cities in the world.
Jess was decked out in her finest clothes.
Jesse Owens was an American sportsman.
Jesse gets along with everybody.
Jesse lost a finger to fireworks last year.
Jessica acted like she had a boyfriend.
Jessica admitted that she was in an abusive relationship.
Jessica and Rima played with the dolls together.
Jessica arrived at the boarding school for girls.
Jessica became a prom queen.
Jessica became part of the most popular group in school.
Jessica bonds with people that she should not be bonding with.
Jessica cleaned Donald's house for him.
Jessica cooked at Donald's parties.
Jessica cooked for Donald when he had big parties there.
Jessica cooked for Donald.
Jessica coquettishly asked John to help her clean up.
Jessica could make a stunning dress out of a potato sack.
Jessica couldn't help but kiss Mark.
Jessica created a gorgeous couture dress.
Jessica demonstrated her cosplay costume well.
Jessica denied Mark's abusive behavior.
Jessica deserves to have an amazing relationship.
Jessica dreamt about roses.
Jessica dressed like an indecent woman.
Jessica dropped her purse and its contents spilled out.
Jessica embarked on her humanitarian mission in the remote villages of Nepal.
Jessica even has four maids waiting on her.
Jessica found another millionaire to be her boyfriend.
Jessica got mad and refused to go on a date with Mark.
Jessica had a ton of makeup on her face.
Jessica had another baby.
Jessica had delicate features.
Jessica had perfect skin.
Jessica had to admit that John was a handsome guy.
Jessica has always liked fashion.
Jessica has always wanted a diamond ring.
Jessica has to accept that she is in an abusive relationship.
Jessica immediately introduced Mark as her savior.
Jessica is Jayjay's stepdaughter.
Jessica is John's biological mom.
Jessica is John's real daughter.
Jessica is a modern Cinderella.
Jessica is boy crazy.
Jessica is braiding her sister's hair.
Jessica is dealing with an emotional abuser.
Jessica is jealous when John is talking about all those girls.
Jessica is not for sale. She just works here.
Jessica is that cute girl with the blue teddy bear.
Jessica is the girl with cool freckles.
Jessica is the popular girl now.
Jessica is the smartest of her sisters.
Jessica is with an abusive partner.
Jessica jumped into Donald's arms immediately.
Jessica looked fantastic at the altar.
Jessica looks like a model straight from a fashion magazine.
Jessica lost the baby at four months.
Jessica made her girlfriend writhe and moan.
Jessica married Jayjay for his money.
Jessica married well.
Jessica met an amazing boy in Algiers.
Jessica might be in an abusive relationship.
Jessica minimized Mark's abuse.
Jessica minimized Mark's abusive behavior.
Jessica needs to escape that abusive relationship.
Jessica needs to safely get out of that abusive relationship ASAP.
Jessica needs to stop this abusive cycle.
Jessica never uses flowers for his designs.
Jessica noticed the bouquet of flowers on the porch.
Jessica pulled a hideous dress from the closet and handed it to Linda.
Jessica punched Donald in the face before walking away.
Jessica put on a tight dress to show off her perfect figure.
Jessica put on her shortest skirt to look nice for Donald.
Jessica put the baby in a basket, knocked on the door of the orphanage and left.
Jessica ran to Donald and gave him a big hug.
Jessica realized that that girl was no match for her.
Jessica rejected everyone because of John.
Jessica sang in a cabaret.
Jessica saw a photo of John hugging another woman.
Jessica showed signs of emotional abuse.
Jessica smelt the flowers and smiled happily.
Jessica started eating normally.
Jessica started looking for the Shawi dress.
Jessica started to cover her freckles with foundation.
Jessica stayed stuck in an abusive relationship for so many years.
Jessica stole Rima's boyfriend from her.
Jessica tends to writhe when she orgasms.
Jessica thanked Donald for thanking that snowball for him.
Jessica thinks she is in an emotionally abusive relationship.
Jessica threw the Shawi dress away.
Jessica told Amanda about meeting a really cool guy at the party.
Jessica told Rima to choose any dress from her wardrobe.
Jessica took all the blame on herself.
Jessica took out her perfect dress from the locker.
Jessica turned down John's proposal and he left.
Jessica turned out to be a good and honest girl.
Jessica uses they/them pronouns.
Jessica wanted to end that abusive relationship.
Jessica wanted to feel like a princess.
Jessica wanted to have babies and her clock was ticking.
Jessica was afraid that someone would steal her boyfriend.
Jessica was beautiful and had a lot of boyfriends.
Jessica was bonding with a man that was unhealthy for her.
Jessica was born with long shiny black hair.
Jessica was cleaning at Donald's house.
Jessica was dressed in a sparkling gown.
Jessica was getting her hair done for the big scene.
Jessica was getting ready for the prom.
Jessica was hiding aspects of her abusive relationship from others.
Jessica was narcissistically abused by Mark.
Jessica was planning on getting out of that abusive relationship.
Jessica was sent to a boarding school for troubled girls.
Jessica was sick of the boarding school.
Jessica was singing a song.
Jessica was stuck in an abusive relationship.
Jessica was subservient and obedient.
Jessica was such a wonderful girl.
Jessica was the cheer captain.
Jessica was the prettiest.
Jessica was trapped in a trauma bond with someone abusive.
Jessica was trying to cover up how bad things were getting between her and Mark.
Jessica was wearing a horrible outfit.
Jessica wasn't Donald's only woman.
Jessica wasn't the best sister in the world.
Jessica watered the plants today.
Jessica went to prom in a Shawi dress.
Jessica will lend Linda her jewelry.
Jessica wore a heavy and uncomfortable corset.
Jessica wore an ugly dress.
Jessica wore such an ugly Shawi dress.
Jessica wore the weirdest dress she could find just to embarrass her mother.
Jessica's Shawi dress is stunning.
Jessica's Shawi dress was hanging next to Jayjay's burnous.
Jessica's Shawi dress was in ruins.
Jessica's dress is less tacky now.
Jessica's dress is tacky.
Jessica's dress looks like poop.
Jessica's dress was taken away by the police as evidence.
Jessica's parents didn't let her use makeup.
Jessica's wedding dress is missing.
Jessie accepted the invitation at once.
Jessie does not speak of these things openly.
Jessie gave orders that Alex was to be treated well.
Jessie is boiling water to make coffee.
Jessie is my most attractive friend.
Jessie is smarter than anyone else.
Jessie praised Charles for his foresight.
Jessie sat at the far end of the table.
Jessie shook Joseph's hand and greeted him with affection.
Jessie shook Joseph’s hand and greeted him with affection.
Jessie spoke bad French and worse German.
Jessie stared at Jordan in dead silence.
Jessie stood at Charles's side talking into his ear.
Jessie stood at Charles’s side talking into his ear.
Jessie strolled along beside the cart.
Jessie urged the little donkey forward.
Jessie's long hair was completely wet.
Jessie’s long hair was completely wet.
Jessy is one of four soloists featured on the "Guitar and Saxes 2009" tour, alongside saxophonist Euge Groove, guitarist Jeff Golub, and keyboardist Jeff Lorber.
Jesus Christ be praised.
Jesus Christ converted to Buddhism.
Jesus Christ has never said anywhere that it is necessary to use the four-pronged cross or some other cross as a symbol of Christianity.
Jesus Christ is a prophet, not God.
Jesus Christ is my Savior.
Jesus Christ is my saviour.
Jesus Christ is not God.
Jesus Christ walked on the sea, and the book of Job says that only God can tread on the waves of the sea.
Jesus Christ warned that blasphemy against the Holy Spirit will not be forgiven.
Jesus Christ was born in Bethlehem.
Jesus Christ!
Jesus Christ, that's some next-level nightmare fuel right there.
Jesus Christ, what did I just walk into?
Jesus and Muhammad are messengers of God.
Jesus annoys me.
Jesus answered them.
Jesus answered, "I tell you the truth."
Jesus being conceived by the power of the Holy Spirit demonstrates God's infinite wisdom in combining human influence and divine influence in the birth of Jesus.
Jesus bent down and wrote on the earth with his finger.
Jesus bores me.
Jesus came to the Jordan to be baptized by John.
Jesus can't stand you.
Jesus did many miracles.
Jesus died on the cross for our sins.
Jesus drove the merchants and money-changers out of the temple.
Jesus drove the merchants out of the temple.
Jesus drove the money-changers out of the temple.
Jesus has a special place in Islam.
Jesus has abs of steel.
Jesus hates you.
Jesus is God in Christianity.
Jesus is Mary's son.
Jesus is a messenger of Allah.
Jesus is a messenger of God.
Jesus is a prophet. He's not the son of God.
Jesus is a very big figure in Islam.
Jesus is good.
Jesus is mentioned in the Koran.
Jesus is mentioned in the Quran.
Jesus is not coming back to sing in a choir.
Jesus is not the son of God.
Jesus is not the son of God. He's a prophet.
Jesus is said to have raised a man from the dead.
Jesus is the author of life, the creator of all things and the maintainer of the universe.
Jesus is the son of Mary.
Jesus is typically referred to in Hebrew as Yeshu, a shortening of Yeshua (itself a shortening of Yehoshua) that is attested as having been in use during his time.
Jesus is your son, Mary!
Jesus isn't God.
Jesus isn't divine.
Jesus isn't important to me.
Jesus left that place and came to his hometown. His disciples followed him.
Jesus loves me.
Jesus loves you.
Jesus never claimed to be the son of God.
Jesus never said he was God.
Jesus never said he was the son of God.
Jesus predicted Peter's renunciation of him.
Jesus prohibited lending rates. He was killed.
Jesus resurrected Lazarus.
Jesus said to the servants, "Fill the jars with water"; so they filled them to the brim.
Jesus said, "You believe because I told you I saw you under the fig tree."
Jesus takes checks.
Jesus told us to turn the other cheek, love our enemies, and pray for them.
Jesus turned water into wine.
Jesus walked on water.
Jesus was a capitalist.
Jesus was a carpenter.
Jesus was a furry, and his fursona's name was Aslan.
Jesus was a furry.
Jesus was a messenger of God.
Jesus was a socialist.
Jesus was baptized by John in the Jordan River.
Jesus was born during the reign of Herod.
Jesus was born in 1940 before Chuck Norris.
Jesus was born in Bethlehem in Judea.
Jesus was born in Bethlehem.
Jesus was born in the time of King Herod.
Jesus was born of Mary.
Jesus was crucified.
Jesus was ethnically and nationally Jewish, and was famously labeled "the King of the Jews" by the Romans, rather than "the King of the Palestinians." In John 1:49 he is called "the King of Israel" by another Jew.
Jesus was not a Christian.
Jesus was originally a pumpkin until he was brought to life by Cinderella's fairy godmother.
Jesus was sent to us to teach us humility.
Jesus was the son of a saint.
Jesus wasn't a Christian.
Jesus wasn't a holy man.
Jesus wasn't a saint.
Jesus wasn't an American.
Jesus wasn't the first or last Jew to be crucified.
Jesus wasn't the son of a priest.
Jesus wasn't the son of an angel.
Jesus welcomes you.
Jesus wept.
Jesus!
Jesus' miracles were real.
Jesus' mother was there, and Jesus and his disciples had also been invited to the wedding.
Jesus' mother was there.
Jesus, I'm exhausted.
Jesus, Mary, and Joseph!
Jesus, Tom! I didn't recognise you.
Jesus, may God be pleased with him, is not the son of God.
Jesus, peace be upon him, is mentioned in the Quran.
Jesus, peace be upon him, was a messenger of God.
Jesus, they're so damn stupid.
Jesus, who would've thought it?
Jesus: "Now go forth and teach all the peoples." Someone: "But, my Lord, translations of the Bible in those peoples' languages are copyrighted. We are not allowed to use them."
Jesus’ mother was there.
Jet fuel can't melt steel beams.
Jet lag is more than just feeling tired - on top of that you just don't feel well.
Jet lag is more than just feeling tired - on top of that you just don’t feel well.
Jet planes fly much faster than propeller planes.
Jet skis provided by a local water sports club were used to pull the whales back into the ocean.
Jeunesse Sportive de Kabylie is one of Algeria's best soccer teams.
Jeweler! Locksmith!
Jewelry and perfume are unessential. Normal humans don't need them.
Jewels are clear stones, as: the white diamond, blue sapphire, green emerald, yellow Jacinth and so on; and glitter when cut.
Jewels there were also, brooches of gold and silver and gilded bronze, set with gems and bright with enamel, and arm rings and torques of gold.
Jewels worth €40-million were stolen in Cannes from the Carlton hotel.
Jewify me.
Jewish Voice For Peace is one of the main organizations behind the BDS campaign.
Jewish and Samaritan legend say that Israel and Judah were once a united kingdom, also called Israel. However, while there is strong evidence for Israel and Judah separately, there is no evidence for a united kingdom.
Jewish communities dating to pre-Islamic times were driven out as "Pieds-Noirs" during the so-called decolonization of North Africa.
Jewish extremists are allowed to pray at the al-Aqsa Mosque compound and this is a true timebomb.
Jewish extremists are trying to ignite the situation in the al-Aqsa Mosque.
Jewish extremists stormed the al-Aqsa Mosque in Jerusalem.
Jewish history in the Land of Israel has been documented for thousands of years, and the Bible isn't necessary to demonstrate it.
Jewish pilgrims often bought sacrifices at the Temple to avoid dragging a carcass from far away.
Jewish prayer, religious texts, and commentary are rife with references to Jews as a nation.
Jewish settlers attempted to violently evict Wafi and his family from their house.
Jews among the Bolsheviks constituted organizing muscle, not leadership. Most were later purged.
Jews and Arabs could live in peace together in a single democratic state.
Jews and Christians are called in the Quran "People of the Book."
Jews and Italians both have dark features.
Jews and Italians often play each other in movies.
Jews and Judaism arose out of Canaanite culture.
Jews and Muslims share the same values.
Jews and Palestinians have to know each other, work together, and see each other as human beings.
Jews and Roma were the only two groups targeted for extermination by the Nazis.
Jews and Samaritans revolted against Roman rule multiple times.
Jews are a nation whose ethnic religion is Judaism.
Jews are a nation.
Jews are a nation. Their religion is Judaism.
Jews are a people chosen by God.
Jews are a people whose ethnic religion is Judaism.
Jews are a people.
Jews are a people. Their religion is Judaism.
Jews are also known as Hebrews and Israelites.
Jews are an ancient tribal people who originated in the Levant.
Jews are an ethno-religious community.
Jews are increasingly unsafe in France.
Jews are increasingly unsafe in the United States and Britain.
Jews are normally forbidden from praying at the al-Aqsa Mosque compound.
Jews are one large extended family.
Jews aren't a rhetorical device.
Jews began living in France five centuries before the Franks, the Burgundians and the Visigoths, and eight centuries before the Normans.
Jews can be fired for taking off for the Sabbath in America, according to American religious freedom jurisprudence.
Jews constitute 2.4 percent of the population of the United States and 14.1 percent of its physician workforce.
Jews did not direct the Bolsheviks.
Jews didn't all go quietly and peacefully to the camps.
Jews do not actively seek out converts, and even attempt to dissuade potential converts.
Jews don't believe in Jesus as a prophet.
Jews don't celebrate the holocaust, they commemorate it.
Jews don't pray communally to show off, but because community is essential to Judaism.
Jews don't recognise Jesus. Protestants don't recognise the pope. Baptists don't recognise each other in a wine store.
Jews fled the Spanish Inquisition and took shelter in Ottoman Empire in the fifteenth century.
Jews fled the Spanish Inquisition and took shelter in the Ottoman Empire in the fifteenth century.
Jews had been in Algeria since the first century CE.
Jews had great relations with Muslims back in the day.
Jews have an easier time with Halloween than with Christmas because it actually is as far removed from its Christian roots as possible, unlike Christmas.
Jews have no central authority.
Jews have the right to pray at the Western Wall.
Jews have the right to pray on the Temple Mount.
Jews have three patriarchs and four matriarchs.
Jews in America feel increasingly unsafe to display Jewish symbols or to go to Jewish services.
Jews in China speak Chinese.
Jews in the Soviet Union were persecuted as "Zionists," regardless of their actual views on Zionism.
Jews must not be equated with Israel.
Jews owe our lives to the violent antifascist resistance of our grandparents.
Jews pray communally also because we are praying to be redeemed as a people in the eyes of the Almighty.
Jews pray facing Jerusalem.
Jews pray in Hebrew and Aramaic.
Jews refrain from proselytizing and even discourage others from converting.
Jews refrain from proselytizing and even discourage those who wish to convert.
Jews see the Pharisees as a democratizing movement.
Jews settled in North Africa in the 6th century BC.
Jews talk about an "era" which is messianic, a single person who is messianic, or several persons who are messianic. There are different Jewish thoughts about the messianic concept.
Jews used Hebrew letters as numerals, and unlike the decimal system, the position of the numeral in the number is irrelevant. Thus one may conclude as many superstitious conclusions as he desires.
Jews were ethnically cleansed from the city of Nazareth in 629 CE by the Christian emperor Heraclius.
Jews were in Egypt and perhaps so was Tom.
Jews whose families came to Israel from Arab countries are more likely to support Netanyahu and Likud.
Jews with the last name Ashkenazi are almost always Sephardi.
Jews, Christians and Moslems, we all are children of God.
Jews, Christians and Muslims agree that Jerusalem is a holy city.
Jezero Crater on Mars is a 28-mile-wide (45-kilometer- wide) crater on the western edge of Isidis Planitia, a giant impact basin just north of the Martian equator.
Jiang Feng escaped and afterwards Yuenu gave birth to two boys, but the 12 zodiacs had been lying in wait and ambushed them. Suddenly two princesses from Yihua Palace appeared. They made Yuenu kill herself, and shortly after, Jiang Feng committed suicide.
Jiang Feng's servant hired the "Twelve Zodiacs" to kill him. They ambushed him and his wife Yuenu.
Jig, reel and hornpipe are the most popular irish dances.
Jigsaw refers to a fret saw - that's how the name's origin was derived.
Jigsaw refers to a fret saw - that’s how the name’s origin was derived.
Jihad Against Islam's Call for Jihad.
Jihadis are capable of beheading civilians, murdering children and raping defenceless women, but when it comes to fighting a military force they don't want to know, and they come back here to their comfortable homes with their tails between their legs.
Jihadist and sectarian violence has increased in Mali.
Jihan and Apita are siblings.
Jihan and Apita are sisters.
Jijel and Skikda are known for their lush green mountains.
Jijel, Skikda, Bejaia, and Ghardaia are some of Algeria's most attractive regions.
Jijel, in northeastern Algeria, has an extraordinary national park.
Jill and John will get married next month.
Jill carried him up.
Jill has been on the phone with friends for more than two hours!
Jill is engaged to Jack.
Jill is intelligent and kind as well.
Jill is smart as well as pretty.
Jill is the only girl in our club.
Jill is the only woman in our club.
Jill looked at John sideways.
Jill of the Jungle could transform into a phoenix, a frog, or a fish. The fish and the phoenix could both fire unlimited projectiles.
Jill saw the movie with Ken.
Jill says she is happy as a wife, but at times one wouldn't suppose as much.
Jill says she is happy as a wife, but at times you wouldn't think so.
Jill says that she's happily married, but at times you'd never know it.
Jill says that she’s happily married, but at times you’d never know it.
Jill was a great comfort to me when I was ill.
Jim Carrey is very famous and a good comedian.
Jim Morrison was so sexy.
Jim Poland—for such was the big man's name—growled and spat reflectively into a spittoon.
Jim Smith's party was even further to the right.
Jim Waller is a strong candidate for the post of sales manager.
Jim accompanied her on the piano.
Jim acted very strangely all day.
Jim always avoids trouble at all costs.
Jim and David belong to that association.
Jim and Mike threw the ball back and forth.
Jim answered my question without difficulty.
Jim appeared in an ISIS propaganda video.
Jim appears puritanical, but it's all a facade.
Jim ate three apples and said he could eat as many again.
Jim attributes his success to hard work.
Jim awoke and found himself alone in the room.
Jim became a radical jihadist.
Jim boasts of having passed the exam.
Jim burned the midnight oil when he was preparing for the examination.
Jim called me a cab.
Jim called me a coward.
Jim came to the rescue.
Jim can be said to be a man of many talents.
Jim can fly upside down.
Jim can read Japanese.
Jim claimed to be an ISIS defector.
Jim climbed out of the boat on to the bank.
Jim could hear whom she was phoning.
Jim decided to leave Belgium and go and join ISIS.
Jim detonated his explosive belt.
Jim didn't wake up until his mother woke him.
Jim didn’t wake up until his mother woke him.
Jim doesn't like apples, does he?
Jim doesn’t like apples, does he?
Jim dropped his pen and bent to pick it up.
Jim drove his car, whistling merrily.
Jim drove too fast, which was reckless.
Jim entered the room quietly so he wouldn't wake the baby.
Jim entered the room quietly so he wouldn’t wake the baby.
Jim fell in love with Mary the moment he met her.
Jim found work as a waiter.
Jim goes to driving school.
Jim goes to school by bus.
Jim got a job as a waiter.
Jim got dismissed for his misconduct in office.
Jim got down from the tree.
Jim got more and more radical.
Jim had a visceral hatred for Muslims.
Jim had had such a rough day that all he wanted now was a stiff drink.
Jim had hardly got home when he crept into bed.
Jim had his camera stolen.
Jim had stayed at my house.
Jim has a white hat on his head.
Jim has asked Anne out several times.
Jim has been laid up with flu for three days.
Jim has been trying to take me out to dinner for the last three weeks.
Jim has broad shoulders.
Jim has gone to London.
Jim has had an exhausting week.
Jim has learned to like Japan.
Jim has learned to like Japanese dishes.
Jim has made many new friends.
Jim has never been abroad.
Jim has not yet returned home.
Jim hasn't arrived yet.
Jim hasn't been home yet.
Jim hasn't come home yet.
Jim hasn't come yet.
Jim hasn’t been home yet.
Jim hasn’t come yet.
Jim highjacked a plane.
Jim ignored all of us.
Jim is Amish and Lilly is English.
Jim is Canadian.
Jim is a hero of the Republican Party.
Jim is a man of his word.
Jim is a musher.
Jim is a registered pedophile in Brussels.
Jim is about as tall as Bill.
Jim is about to take a trip to southeast Asia.
Jim is above any of his classmates in English.
Jim is an ISIS terrorist.
Jim is at work on his car.
Jim is coming to the party, too.
Jim is crazy about his girlfriend.
Jim is exaggerating a bit.
Jim is exaggerating slightly.
Jim is in my black book.
Jim is in trouble.
Jim is learning how to drive a car.
Jim is liked by all his classmates.
Jim is no more to blame than you are.
Jim is not a lawyer but a doctor.
Jim is not the man that you think him to be.
Jim is not what he was.
Jim is not yet used to driving on the left side of the road.
Jim is on bad terms with his classmates.
Jim is safe.
Jim is short for James.
Jim is so dirty.
Jim is studying hard for his finals.
Jim is taller than any of his friends.
Jim is watering the garden.
Jim is what is called an absent-minded student.
Jim is womanizing Lisa in front of the concert.
Jim isn't a lawyer, but a doctor.
Jim isn’t a lawyer, but a doctor.
Jim joined ISIS.
Jim jumped for joy when the news came.
Jim kicked the ball very hard.
Jim kicks a ball very well.
Jim knows most anything about motorcycles.
Jim left Belgium to join ISIS.
Jim left Paris yesterday.
Jim likes the doctor.
Jim likes to play the drum.
Jim looked left and right before crossing the road.
Jim looked left and right before crossing the street.
Jim looked left and right before he crossed the road.
Jim looked right and left before crossing the street, and then he was hit by an ambulance.
Jim looked right and left before he crossed the road.
Jim looked to the left and to the right before crossing the street.
Jim looked to the right and to the left before crossing the street.
Jim made a superfluous remark.
Jim makes a point of jogging three miles every day.
Jim managed to control his anger.
Jim mastered French and German.
Jim must be hospitalized at once.
Jim must go to the hospital immediately.
Jim needs to be taken to hospital immediately.
Jim needs to go to hospital immediately.
Jim opens the door.
Jim persists in his opinion.
Jim pointed out some grammatical mistakes in my composition.
Jim promised me not to come again.
Jim pulled a muscle in his leg while skiing.
Jim put his hand up.
Jim put the key into the lock.
Jim raised his hand.
Jim really knows his way around the store from his years working there.
Jim resembles his father.
Jim runs as fast as Ron.
Jim said that he wouldn't mind waiting for us.
Jim said that he wouldn’t mind waiting for us.
Jim sat alone with his arms folded.
Jim says he goes jogging at least three times a week.
Jim seems to know the art of making friends with girls.
Jim seized Julie by the arm.
Jim set out to write something in his notebook.
Jim signed up to be a suicide attacker.
Jim slaughtered people at a concert in Cairo.
Jim slipped on the icy road and got hurt.
Jim slipped on the icy street and hurt himself.
Jim sometimes has disagreements with his wife.
Jim stayed at my house.
Jim stayed with us while he was in Japan as an exchange student.
Jim studies as hard as his brother does.
Jim studies far into the night.
Jim suggested that the teacher might be wrong.
Jim surveyed the empty jar, and found it to be the mislabelled vessel in which he kept his whisky safe from Mrs Brown's thirsty raids.
Jim sympathized with the Nazis.
Jim tends to exaggerate.
Jim tends to go too far.
Jim took a truck and mowed down twenty people on a busy street.
Jim turned the key in the lock.
Jim wanted to be a suicide bomber.
Jim wanted to be an ISIS fighter.
Jim wants whipping for insulting me.
Jim was able to hold back his anger and avoid a fight.
Jim was able to hold back his anger.
Jim was afraid of physical labor.
Jim was born in the same year as he.
Jim was caught cheating in the examination.
Jim was counted out in the seventh round.
Jim was in touch with ISIS recruiters.
Jim was sewing loops on a flag this morning.
Jim was so tired that he lay down and slept.
Jim was trying to recruit young Belgians for ISIS.
Jim was upset for the number of immigrants coming from Mexico.
Jim was watching ISIS videos.
Jim went back to London for the purpose of seeing her.
Jim went fishing from the pier.
Jim went into the room quietly lest he should wake the baby.
Jim went off to Syria to join ISIS.
Jim went out, but Mary stayed home.
Jim will accept your proposal.
Jim will not come today.
Jim won't come today.
Jim works hard, but John is idle.
Jim wrote the letter for Betty.
Jim wrote to me last week and said he had come back two months before.
Jim wrote to me last week and said that he'd been back for two months.
Jim's angry because his date for the movie stood him up and he wasted an hour waiting for her in the rain.
Jim's college boasts the finest view in the city.
Jim's coming to the party, too.
Jim's father always comes home late.
Jim's father is home late.
Jim's not a lawyer. He's a doctor.
Jim's parents agreed to his marriage with Susan.
Jim's parents approved of his future marriage to Susan.
Jim's puritanical views were not well-received by his foreign acquaintances.
Jim's uncle is due to retire next year.
Jim, don't run about in the room.
Jim, don’t run about in the room.
Jimmie is to be a minister.
Jimmy Carter is the first U.S. President to live to be 100.
Jimmy Carter was the first US president born in a hospital.
Jimmy Fallon has never been funny.
Jimmy begged me to take him to the zoo.
Jimmy got that fat chick pregnant.
Jimmy had devised the perfect marinade for flank steak.
Jimmy hasn't got used to driving on the left yet.
Jimmy hasn't yet got used to driving on the left-hand side of the road.
Jimmy insist on my taking him to the zoo.
Jimmy insisted on my taking him to the zoo.
Jimmy insisted that I take him to the zoo.
Jimmy is coughing badly because he has a cold.
Jimmy is easy for me to get along with.
Jimmy is junior to me by two years.
Jimmy is my foster child.
Jimmy is to some extent capable of performing this operation.
Jimmy jimmied the lock.
Jimmy knows everything about cars.
Jimmy often comes to see me at weekends.
Jimmy often comes to see me on weekends.
Jimmy often stays up all night.
Jimmy played footsies with Cindy.
Jimmy tried to cajole his parents into letting him drive across the country with his friends.
Jimmy was accustomed to his friends making fun of him.
Jimmy was hurt in a traffic accident.
Jimmy was injured in a car accident.
Jimmy was intensely jealous of the dots in ZoÃ«’s name.
Jimmy was intensely jealous of the dots in Zoë's name.
Jimmy was not at home, as is often the case with him.
Jimmy was used to his friends making fun of him.
Jimmy will often sit up all night.
Jimmy's pictures were different from other people's.
Jimmy, breakfast is ready. Come downstairs.
Jimmy, it's bedtime.
Jimmy, it's time for you to go to bed.
Jimmy’s pictures were different from other people’s.
Jim’s angry because his date for the movie stood him up and he wasted an hour waiting for her in the rain.
Jim’s college boasts the finest view in the city.
Jim’s coming to the party, too.
Jim’s father always comes home late.
Jim’s not a lawyer. He’s a doctor.
Jim’s parents agreed to his marriage with Susan.
Jim’s uncle is due to retire next year.
Jindos are slightly bigger than Chibas.
JingXiang is so cute.
Jingoism is a form of collective narcissism.
Jingoism is idolatry.
Jinnie gets a birthday present in the form of a luxury watch.
Jinns are invisible.
Jinns can only possess humans. They can't enter our physical realm.
Jinns can talk to people.
Jinns live in the desert.
Jinx!
Jinx! You owe me a Coke!
Jinx! You're it!
Jiro Akagawa has written over 480 novels.
Jiro advised me on which book to buy.
Jiro communicates with his pen pal in Australia.
Jiro could not act otherwise.
Jiro doesn't have to go to school today.
Jiro doesn’t have to go to school today.
Jiro finds it difficult to make friends with Ken.
Jiro gave his suit a quick brush.
Jiro has not come back from New York yet.
Jiro is indifferent about clothing.
Jiro is not here.
Jiro is not in.
Jiro isn't here now.
Jiro made a sketch of Mt. Fuji.
Jiro seems to have missed the train.
Jiro soon arrived at his house.
Jiro told me which book I should buy.
Jiro wants to drink Coke.
Jiro was all smiles after he made a bundle at the pachinko parlor.
Jiro, who had never cried in front of anyone before, started bawling.
Jiro, who had never cried in front of anyone before, started crying.
Jo Setchell is a primatologist at Durham University in Britain. She studies primates, the group of mammals that includes gorillas, chimps, monkeys, gibbons, mandrills, and lemurs. And, of course, humans.
Jo is a dab hand at wallpapering.
Jo's a dab hand at wallpapering; she'll have the living room done in no time.
Joan and Jane are sisters. The former is a pianist.
Joan became a great actress in spite of having had a difficult childhood.
Joan broke her left arm in the accident.
Joan broke her left hand in the accident.
Joan caught her breath when she saw the sight.
Joan dropped her husband like a hot potato.
Joan is as charming as her sister.
Joan is running in the city.
Joan of Arc refused to attribute the voices she could hear to anything other than the Word of the Lord.
Joan of Arc refused to renounce her belief that the voice she heard was from God and none other.
Joan of Arc was burned at the stake.
Joan of Arc was burned to death in 1451.
Joan runs in the city.
Joan was a little chit of a girl with spun gold hair and eyes that misted when I spoke of Pluto and Uranus, and glowed like live coals when we were out in space together.
Joann Bartlett and her husband Bill grew up in Washington, D.C. As children both dreamed about farming. In 1972, they bought some land in Culpepper, Virginia — just a two-hour drive from the nation's capital.
Joanna has been in a bad mood and self-isolated for a few days now.
Joanna is eating. She is eating chocolate.
Joanna washed the potatoes.
Joanne discussed the problem with Mary.
Joao Lito Barros flips through pages of a guestbook at Taman Mini, a theme park in the Indonesian capital Jakarta.
Joao's sister is called Joana.
Joaquim is said to be religious, but he hardly knows the Lord's prayer.
Joaquin is an Argentinian.
Joaquín de la Pezuela was viceroy of Peru.
Joaquín is from Argentina. He is Argentinian.
Job applications must be in by next Monday.
Job automation is a good idea.
Job hopping was not so common in Japan as in America.
Job is a prophet of God.
Job loss can lead to insanity.
Job opportunities in our area are lacking.
Job rotation is essential to running a business.
Job security became a major worry.
Job security is a priority over wages.
Job's tears can cure a large number of diseases.
Jobs and opportunities are primarily concentrated around Algiers.
Jobs are going overseas.
Jobs are hard come by these days.
Jobs are hard to come by these days.
Jobs are hard to come by with so many people out of work.
Jobs are hard to find now.
Jobs are in short supply in many rural areas.
Jobs are less secure and people must work harder to keep them.
Jobs are needed here.
Jobs are scarce.
Jobs is known as a risk-taker. Media analyst Jonathan Taplin of the University of Southern California says he is one of the key innovators of the digital age, and that his keen sense of design led to distinctive products, from the iPod music player to iPad tablet computer.
Jobs make me so exhausted.
Jobs should be automated.
Jocelyn Bell was born in 1943 in Northern Ireland. Her father was an architect who loved to read. Jocelyn would often borrow her father's books. Through her reading, Jocelyn became interested in astronomy.
Jocelyn Bell went to a boarding school in England from 1956 until 1961.
Jocelyn Bell's parents very strongly believed in educating women.
Jock bought two new pairs of shoes.
Jock put his slippers on before he went outside.
Jock roasted a rabbit and a couple of potatoes for his dinner.
Jock was very reluctant to go to the town.
Jodo is a Japanese martial art using short staffs called "Jou" and wooden sword.
Jody looks as if she had seen a ghost.
Joe Arpaio was bullied as a child for having Italian immigrant parents.
Joe Biden became the United States' 46th president.
Joe Biden can be led.
Joe Biden has become the first US president to issue a statement formally describing the 1915 massacre of Armenians as a genocide.
Joe Biden has just a few months left in office.
Joe Biden is a conservative, all the Republican candidates are reactionaries, and the left is not a significant force in American politics.
Joe Biden is a perfect puppet.
Joe Biden is the vice-president of the United States.
Joe Biden is too far to the right.
Joe Biden lives in a house made of mashed potatoes.
Joe Biden lives in the woods.
Joe Biden puts human eyeballs on his salad.
Joe Biden rides an aurochs to work every day.
Joe Biden stole my bicycle.
Joe Biden stole my bike.
Joe Biden swept the pandemic under the rug, killing countless people.
Joe Biden was falling asleep.
Joe Rogan is a dumb meathead.
Joe Rogan is a famous right-wing commentator.
Joe Rogan is proof that doing psychedelics doesn't necessarily make you enlightened.
Joe Rogan proves that using psychedelic drugs isn't necessarily enlightening.
Joe and Caroline are looking after our dog.
Joe and Caroline are taking care of our dog.
Joe and Caroline got up at 6 a.m.
Joe and I saw a lion yesterday.
Joe and Shane become like blood brothers.
Joe belatedly turned in his late assignment upon learning that he couldn't take the final without it submitted.
Joe excels his older brother at swimming.
Joe found that he needed to accept the challenge.
Joe had gone to the ravine to fight Tom.
Joe insisted on my paying the money.
Joe is madly in love with that girl.
Joe is physically stronger than Shane.
Joe looked sad yesterday?
Joe practices sports most of the time.
Joe purged himself of the suspicion.
Joe seems absent-minded, spending hours gazing out of the window.
Joe spends most of his time doing sport.
Joe spends the majority of his time in sports.
Joe was believed to have shot the prisoner.
Joe was born in the United States.
Joe was not on speaking terms with his noisy neighbor.
Joe was pleased at the thought of going to New York.
Joe's car broke down on a railroad track.
Joe's idea for a new kind of car will make him filthy rich.
Joe's masculine smell made Louisa sick.
Joe's nuts about the girl.
Joe's speech was a bunch of malarkey.
Joe, dude, you're a weirdo! Who goes around licking random people's faces? It's not like you're a dog!
Joel Simon says that while he feels guardedly optimistic about the future of journalism, he is also a realist.
Joel likes longsilog more.
Joel likes to call himself a niche internet microcelebrity.
Joergen teaches Greek.
Joey considers Shane as equal as Joe.
Joey dislikes wearing his socks.
Joey doesn't understand Shane.
Joey is fascinated by Shane.
Joey is fixated with Shane's gun.
Joey represents the family.
Joe’s idea for a new kind of car will make him filthy rich.
Joe’s masculine smell made Louisa sick.
Joe’s nuts about the girl.
Jog on!
Jog on.
Jog together.
Jogging along the ocean shore is a ritual for Julie Moss.
Jogging has become the favorite form of exercise.
Jogging in the morning energizes me for the whole day.
Jogging is out in California.
Jogging with you is a lot of fun.
Johan's books are too heavy to carry at once.
Johanas arrived with his brother.
Johanas came with his brother.
Johann Strauss’s classic Blue Danube waltz fills the air as does the sweet aroma of hundreds of fragrant orchids.
Johann is my youngest brother.
Johanna copied his sentence.
Johanna gave your dog a bath.
Johannes Brahms was a German composer and pianist of the Romantic period.
Johannes Gabriel Granö, the author of the classic book "Pure Geography", is at the forefront of Finnish geography.
Johannes Kepler was an astronomer.
Johannes had to make a solemn vow to Tom, who lay there dying, that he would care for his daughter and present the manuscript on the three Africa expeditions to the Royal Prussian Academy in Berlin.
Johannes likes to play chess.
Johano looked at a cow.
John Adams took office in 1797.
John Bolton is for the independence of Western Sahara.
John Brown had attacked with about twenty men.
John Brown's rebellion was crushed.
John Brown’s rebellion was crushed.
John Bucher is the president of Solar Power Industries — a company that produces silicon ingots and solar panels.
John Cage is a composer of experimental music.
John Cook is a political influencer.
John Couch Adams showed great mathematical ability before he ever went to college.
John Couch Adams was born in England in 1819. He was born to a farming family.
John Dalton created the Atomic Theory.
John Dalton was the creator of the atomic theory.
John Drake, vice president for supply chain policy at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, told VOA that his association “is hearing regularly from our members who are facing significant challenges in getting goods and products to their customers on time.”
John E. Rankin, a member of the House Un-American Activities Committee, once stated, "Communism is older than Christianity. It is the curse of the ages. It hounded and persecuted the Savior during his earthly ministry, inspired his crucifixion."
John F. Fitzgerald was elected mayor of Boston in 1906.
John Fitzgerald Kennedy is an American war criminal.
John G. Roberts is the Chief Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court.
John Glenn orbited the Earth three times in 1962.
John Glenn was one of the first seven astronauts in NASA's space program.
John Glenn was selected as one of seven Project Mercury astronauts in 1959. In February of 1962, he became the first American to orbit Earth.
John Hathorne (as the name was then spelled), the great-grandfather of Nathaniel Hawthorne, was a magistrate at Salem in the latter part of the seventeenth century, and officiated at the famous trials for witchcraft held there.
John Jackson is a urologist, his wife Tao is an ear-nose-throat specialist.
John Jackson is a urologist, his wife Tao is an otorhinolaryngologist.
John Kennedy was just forty-three.
John Kerry opposed this idea.
John Kerry was born in Colorado in 1943.
John Kerry, Biden’s climate envoy, said that more than half the world’s economy has now pledged action to stop warming at 1.5 degrees Celsius above pre-industrial levels, a goal set by the 2015 Paris Agreement.
John Lennon was born in 1940.
John Lennon's songs are still popular today.
John Locke, the well-known philosopher of freedom, was a shareholder of the Royal African Company, which bought and sold slaves.
John Motson is one of the most famous British commentators.
John Muir was a famous naturalist who founded the Sierra Club.
John Paolo's girlfriend is already dead.
John Quincy Adams spoke to the crowd.
John Rutledge disagreed strongly.
John Shepherd can sing almost any country song on command.
John Smith, born János Kovács, has been living so long in the United States that he speaks Hungarian with an accent.
John Straker was a man who was entirely unworthy of your confidence.
John Straker, who is a married man, lives in a small villa about two hundred yards from the stables. He has no children, keeps one maid-servant, and is comfortably off.
John Tel is expected to delay the release of its chip set until August.
John Travolta's religion is Scientology.
John Wayne was one of the most popular movie stars of this century.
John Wilkes Booth carried a notebook.
John accompanied Mary to the concert.
John acts like Helen's guardian.
John acts like Helen’s guardian.
John adjusted his cap and winked at Jessica.
John adopted Jessica after buying a mansion in Algeria.
John almost started crying.
John alone went there.
John always breaks the ice in class.
John always knew how to cheer Jessica up.
John always tried to live up to the example of Lincoln.
John an Anglo-Saxon and Marit a Norwegian live in comfy house in my Lulu Island neighbourhood.
John and Ali finished with the same top score in the games. They both stood next to each other on the podium.
John and Alice are like fire and water.
John and Alice aren't nearly as recognized as Tom and Mary.
John and Ann like each other.
John and Ann love each other.
John and Barbara spent every summer together.
John and Beth are of an age.
John and Beth are the same age.
John and Cathy have different tastes and different characters. Trying to get them together is like putting a square peg in a round hole.
John and Chantal live in the same building.
John and Chantal live in the same house.
John and Eva are best friends.
John and Fred don't play in a band.
John and I alternated in driving.
John and I are old friends.
John and I have patched up our troubles.
John and I took turns driving.
John and I were just talking about our future.
John and James are good friends.
John and Jane looked at a cow.
John and Jeanne were looking at your roses.
John and Jessica are perfect for each other.
John and Jessica began deciding Walid's future even before he said his first words.
John and Jessica began to fight all the time.
John and Jessica celebrated their victory together.
John and Jessica confessed to each other that they were in love.
John and Jessica could just tap on the wall if they wanted to talk to each other.
John and Jessica exchanged a sly glance.
John and Jessica got married a few months later.
John and Jessica had a big fight.
John and Jessica had liked each other at first sight and are now dating.
John and Jessica looked at each other in surprise.
John and Jessica looked at each other, dumbfounded.
John and Jessica looked at each other. They were thinking the same thing.
John and Jessica made up a camp.
John and Jessica managed to become friends.
John and Jessica played on the porch.
John and Jessica ran in opposite directions.
John and Jessica reconciled and became inseparable.
John and Jessica rushed to the school.
John and Jessica sat down and hatched a plan.
John and Jessica sat next to each other on the school bus.
John and Jessica soon realized they didn't have anything in common.
John and Jessica started to fight a lot.
John and Jessica stormed off in different directions.
John and Jessica went to a restaurant for a dinner.
John and Jessica were auditioning for the role.
John and Jessica were clutching each other in fear.
John and Jessica were communicating the whole time.
John and Jessica were hugging each other.
John and Jessica were inseparable and did everything together.
John and Jessica were so glad they made up.
John and Jessica were too proud and neither of them made the first move.
John and Jessica will rarely get the chance to see each other.
John and Jessica will see each other again.
John and Jill will take their vows as husband and wife next month.
John and Mary always walk hand in hand.
John and Mary broke up last week.
John and Mary differed in opinion as to that important matter.
John and Mary had different opinions about that important matter.
John and Mary have known each other since 1976.
John and Mary loved each other.
John and Mary won't likely be as angry at John as they were at Alice.
John and Mary won't likely be as mad at John as they were at Alice.
John and Peter are inseparable friends.
John and Robert spent their vacations at Martha’s Vineyard with their families.
John and Samuel look a bit alike.
John and Walid started fighting like wild cats again.
John and his crew are Native American.
John and his father Zechariah were prophets of God.
John and his mom lived very poorly.
John angrily tore off his mask and cap and left the stage.
John answered for his sister.
John apologized for his behavior.
John apologized over and over.
John appeared between Mom and Dad.
John approached our group.
John arrived a few days later.
John arrived a week ago.
John arrived at a cemetery.
John arrives home after five every day.
John asked Jessica to ban Walid from practice.
John asked Jessica what happened to Walid.
John asked Mary whether she wanted to go shopping with him after she had eaten.
John asked Mary whether she wanted to go shopping with him after the meal.
John asked Mary whether she would like to go shopping in the afternoon.
John asked Mary whether she would like to go shopping.
John asked a few of his classmates over.
John asked his dad if he could stay with him.
John asked his grandparents to tell him more about his father.
John asked the hairdresser to make him look like Samuel.
John assembled the bookcase.
John assembled the shelves.
John barely had any friends.
John beat Jessica at tennis.
John became a designer.
John became a new, more confident version of himself.
John became a policeman.
John became an FSB agent.
John became an item.
John became paralyzed upon seeing that scene.
John became so obsessed with his looks.
John beckoned us into the smoking-room.
John began learning English at the age of seventy-five.
John began to expose important people like the mayor.
John began to sneeze a lot.
John began trade personally.
John began visiting the hospital often just to run into Jessica.
John begged Jessica not to say anything to Skura.
John belongs to the swimming club.
John bolted from then room.
John bought Jessica a sewing machine.
John bought Jessica an expensive handbag.
John bought a lot of new appliances.
John bought a mansion for his son, Walid.
John bought some baby powder.
John brings a book for Mary.
John broke in as Alice was speaking.
John broke the window yesterday.
John broke the window.
John broke the windowpane yesterday.
John brought Jessica to Algiers.
John brought down a million rules.
John brought his guitar.
John brought popcorn and other snacks.
John brushed Jessica off and said it was nothing.
John built a bookcase.
John bumped right into Amanda and she almost fell.
John burst into laughter when he was watching TV.
John called an ambulance and then, Jessica's parents.
John called for the waiter in a loud voice.
John called me names.
John called the orphanage and talked to its director.
John came and moved some of the boxes.
John came back early.
John came flying at Jessica.
John came for a second visit today.
John came for a visit.
John came home in the evening.
John came home, exhausted from delivering an order.
John came out on the porch.
John came running into the room.
John came to Japan yesterday.
John came to our school for the parent-teacher meeting.
John came to pick Jessica up so they go to school together.
John came to terms with his problem, which means he has accepted it.
John came to the orphanage.
John came up with a better plan.
John came up with excuses for a whole week.
John can not play the guitar.
John can really talk a blue streak about Peru.
John can testify as a witness.
John can't bear the noise.
John can't do it, nor can I, nor can you.
John can't drink milk.
John can't go to school by himself anymore.
John can't keep his family.
John can't locate his own country on a map.
John can't move heavy things.
John can't play the guitar.
John can't speak French very well.
John can't speak French well.
John cannot be living in London now.
John cannot keep his family.
John cannot play the guitar.
John can’t bear the noise.
John can’t do it, nor can I, nor can you.
John can’t keep his family.
John can’t play the guitar.
John can’t speak French very well.
John can’t speak French well.
John carefully kept all the postcards Jessica sent him.
John carefully looked around the corner and saw Jessica with her friends.
John casts the blame on others.
John caught a tiger and shot two lions.
John challenged Tom to a fight after school by the basketball court, but Tom never showed up.
John changed his hairstyle.
John changed into Samuel's clothes.
John chased Jessica away.
John chased Mary.
John claimed that he was allergic to paper.
John claimed that the dishonest salesman had tricked him into buying a useless piece of machinery.
John clearly had something to hide.
John clearly needed help.
John collects souvenirs from each country he visits.
John colored this pictures when he was just four.
John comes from Florida and his wife from California.
John comes from Guyana.
John constantly hugged Jessica.
John constantly looked at himself when he crossed the glass door or a mirror.
John cooked the birds for dinner.
John copied a sentence.
John copied some sentences.
John copied the sentence.
John copied the sentences.
John could barely believe he got so lucky.
John could film a horror movie in the apartment.
John could finally sleep as long as he wanted to.
John could hardly be called a brilliant conversationalist.
John could hear music and laughter.
John could just go on and on about soccer.
John could learn something from Jessica.
John couldn't bear to think of it.
John couldn't have done it without Jessica.
John couldn't let the restaurant close.
John couldn't play the guitar.
John couldn't see that.
John couldn't stop thinking about Jessica's words.
John covers the Kanto area and Taro covers the Kansai area.
John crashed into a candy store window.
John creates amazing cartoon characters.
John decided it was his chance to make money.
John decided it was time for a serious talk.
John decided not to be selfish and he forgave Jessica.
John decided not to throw a party.
John decided to ask Jessica to study with him.
John decided to get rid of Jessica.
John decided to go back to his room.
John decided to help Jessica recover.
John decided to leave Jessica at an orphanage.
John decided to steal Walid's job.
John decided to take a break.
John decided to walk in the dark.
John declined Jessica's call and texted her.
John denied it repeatedly.
John did a brave thing.
John did even better than was expected.
John did look kind of annoying.
John did not know how to explain to his wife that he had quit his job.
John did some background check.
John did that out of love.
John did that when he was a kid.
John didn't bring anything for Jessica.
John didn't even have a driver's license.
John didn't even notice Jessica.
John didn't even wash his hands before eating that apple.
John didn't expect Jessica to be so mean.
John didn't expect to see Jessica here.
John didn't have a backup plan.
John didn't have any better ideas.
John didn't have enough time to take care of the garden.
John didn't have enough time to write his essay.
John didn't know Jessica could be so brave.
John didn't know Tupi is spoken in Brazil.
John didn't know how to play the guitar.
John didn't know what was coming over him.
John didn't manage to change his mom's mind.
John didn't pay rent on time.
John didn't really believe what he was saying.
John didn't really think much of how poor he was until he went to school.
John didn't respect anyone.
John didn't see Jessica there.
John didn't see anybody.
John didn't want to admit it.
John didn't want to be humiliated in front of his class.
John didn't want to believe it.
John didn't want to come back.
John didn't want to come in between Jessica and Walid.
John didn't want to go back to the people who didn't want him.
John didn't want to talk face to face with his therapy.
John didn’t understand why someone wanted to kill him.
John died in the same bed he was born.
John died of tuberculosis.
John died unhappy.
John disappeared somewhere.
John does not want to answer the question.
John doesn't care a shit about his clothes.
John doesn't even remember Jessica's birthday.
John doesn't even remember Jessica.
John doesn't give a shit about his clothes.
John doesn't have any friends here.
John doesn't have anyone.
John doesn't have anything in common with Jessica.
John doesn't know how to play the guitar.
John doesn't know how to speak French well.
John doesn't know if his dad is here.
John doesn't know if his father is here.
John doesn't know what to do next.
John doesn't know which one of us is actually famous.
John doesn't know who the president of the republic is.
John doesn't like Cinderella and her stepsisters.
John doesn't smoke any more.
John doesn't speak good French.
John doesn't want to have Jessica around when his parents come over.
John doesn't want to paddle anymore.
John doesn't want to paddle.
John doesn’t care a shit about his clothes.
John doesn’t give a shit about his clothes.
John doesn’t know how to play guitar.
John doesn’t know how to play the guitar.
John doesn’t know what to do next.
John doesn’t speak good French.
John drank many bottles of wine.
John drinks Scotch and Mary bourbon.
John drinks too much these days. We have to stop him from drinking any more.
John dropped Jessica off at the train station.
John dropped out of school and couldn't find a good job.
John drove away from the salon.
John eats his peach.
John employs 200 workers.
John ended up in the hospital because of Jessica's boyfriend.
John ended up using all his savings for Jessica's treatment.
John enjoyed the beautiful view for just forty dinars.
John enjoys fostering his macho image.
John entered the room and looked concerned.
John envied Jessica and always tried to mess with her.
John even asked Jessica out.
John even ordered room service.
John favored Jessica all his life.
John fell into a puddle.
John fell over in shock.
John felt a real sorry for Jessica.
John felt a sharp pain.
John felt at peace.
John felt like a celebrity's bodyguard.
John felt like a fish on dry land.
John felt like a terrible friend.
John felt like there were ghosts in the dark room.
John felt more appreciative of the things he had taken for granted.
John felt quite repentant.
John felt really bad for Jessica.
John felt so empty.
John felt something touch his foot.
John felt the presence of a ghost in the dark room.
John finally anaged to get into the building.
John finally appeared, out of breath and agitated.
John finally found out the truth.
John finished preparing his antidote and drank it.
John finished the work at the expense of his health.
John followed Jessica to her room.
John forbade Jessica from talking to Walid.
John forbade his children from getting married.
John forgot all about Jessica.
John forgot all of his pain.
John fought with Jessica's mom.
John found Jessica in the crowd.
John found Jessica packing up her things out of the house into a van.
John found Jessica waiting for him at home with high expectations.
John found out how shallow Jessica was.
John found out that Jessica hadn't called.
John found out that he had a real family.
John found the statue in an open drawer.
John gained fat on his thighs.
John gained some muscles.
John gave Jessica a big hug.
John gave Jessica all the courage she needed.
John gave Jessica grades that were way too high out of pity.
John gave Jessica his place in the long line.
John gave Jessica money for her silence.
John gave Mary an apple.
John gave Mary some money.
John gave Mary the apple.
John gave a ticket to Jessica and another to Walid.
John gave off such a mysterious vibe.
John gave up looking for the parrot.
John gestured angrily.
John goes to his office on foot.
John goes to school.
John goes to the market.
John gossiped behind Jessica's back.
John got Jessica really curious.
John got a chance to do that.
John got a five hundred dinar note from Grandma.
John got a job using someone else's document.
John got a letter from his secret admirer.
John got a text from Dad.
John got kidnapped.
John got mad, too.
John got out of the limo and was surprised to see Jessica.
John got over it quickly.
John got paid for that.
John got permission and got to the city.
John got really sick.
John got suddenly ill, but in the case of Bill, he simply forgot about the meeting.
John got the best news ever.
John got the role since Samuel didn't show up.
John got the wrong address.
John got up from his desk to find Jessica.
John got up much earlier than usual.
John got wrinkles.
John grabbed Jessica and dragged her away from Samuel.
John grabbed Jessica by the arm, yanking her away.
John grabbed Jessica from behind.
John grabbed his mom's hand and led her to another department.
John grabbed his things and ran outside.
John granted five charters to the City, and in this third charter he restored to the citizens two privileges, of which they had been deprived by Matilda and Henry II.
John grew up happy.
John grew up to be a great artist.
John grieves.
John hacked the mayor's account.
John had Jessica in his class.
John had a bad cold last week.
John had a brilliant idea.
John had a close relationship with Tom, perhaps seeing in him the father he'd never had.
John had a mental condition.
John had a nice hotel room.
John had a novel idea.
John had a really mad look on his face.
John had a tuna sandwich.
John had a violent quarrel with his wife.
John had almost no money left.
John had already left.
John had awoken much earlier than usual.
John had been lazy before he met you.
John had braces.
John had cleaned the house when I came home.
John had enough for a weekend in Las Vegas.
John had his body cremated and the ashes thrown into the sea.
John had lice.
John had me out for dinner with his family.
John had no choice but to agree.
John had no choice but to tell Jessica the truth since she recognized him.
John had no idea who his secret admirer could be.
John had no money for expensive repairs.
John had no other plans.
John had pink rosy cheeks.
John had put his sweater on inside out.
John had the whole room to himself.
John had to climb a tree.
John had to defend his freedom.
John had to find a way to make Jessica forget Samuel.
John had to focus completely on the competition.
John had to get along on a shoestring.
John had to go back to the academy.
John had to leave the room.
John had to sit between his grandmother and his sister in the back seat.
John had to take on two jobs.
John had to think of a better plan.
John had us all worried.
John hailed a taxi.
John handed Jessica the money.
John happily agreed to come.
John happily climbed into his sleeping bag.
John has a Japanese car.
John has a Tin Lizzie.
John has a brilliant idea.
John has a car from Japan.
John has a car made in Japan.
John has a child, that is, a daughter.
John has a condition called kleptomania.
John has a fine sense of art.
John has a life full of dangers.
John has a natural bent for tennis.
John has a natural talent for tennis.
John has a pen.
John has a ready tongue.
John has a rodent problem.
John has already come to the station.
John has already given money to Jessica's parents.
John has already heard Jessica.
John has always been accepted for being different in the family.
John has always considered his son a burden.
John has always felt like a stranger living with Jessica's family.
John has always waited for an opportunity like that.
John has become a policeman.
John has become another person.
John has been bringing Jessica sweets and toys.
John has been collecting stamps since he was a child.
John has been gone for a while now.
John has been invited to a science conference in a neighboring city.
John has been kicked out because of Jessica.
John has been living in an orphanage since 2004.
John has been moody since this morning.
John has been overeating.
John has been painting the door.
John has been saving money for a long time.
John has been thinking of a way to show Jessica how sorry he was.
John has been tricking Jessica.
John has been watching Jessica's vlog for a while.
John has bigger problems.
John has broken into the wrong house.
John has confidence in his ability.
John has everything that he wants.
John has finally told Jessica his name.
John has five apples.
John has five apples. He gives one to Mary. How many pears are left in the bag?
John has forgotten his lunchbox at home.
John has found Jessica.
John has gone cuckoo.
John has hardly ever gone to bed before midnight.
John has heard a lot about the Smiths.
John has long been dreaming about a new bike.
John has never liked Jessica.
John has no friends here.
John has not come yet, but when he does, I will call you.
John has once showed me that photo.
John has put on a lot of weight recently.
John has stopped smoking.
John has the complete collection of Sam's music.
John has the complete collection of Sam’s music.
John has the habit of staying awake until late at night.
John has to change the baby's diapers every day.
John has to do without a stereo for the time being.
John has to hide his name and face.
John has to tell someone where he is.
John has two sons.
John hasn' been sleeping well since the incident because his conscience was tormenting him.
John hasn't changed anything in this room since Jessica moved out.
John hasn't had this pastry in ages.
John hasn't written the essay.
John hasn’t come back yet, but when he arrives, I’ll call you.
John hates me and it shows.
John headed off to France yesterday.
John heard a noise downstairs.
John heard cheers.
John heard footsteps behind him and he was sure it was Jessica.
John held up a sign with Jessica on it.
John helped Jessica around the house.
John helped Jessica back in school.
John helped himself to several pieces of pie without asking.
John helped his parents reconcile.
John hid behind some random stranger.
John hid from the rain.
John hired Jessica as his housekeeper.
John hired a professional voice actress to do the job.
John hit me on the head.
John hit the jackpot. His efforts paid off beyond his wildest dreams.
John hoped Jessica hadn't noticed anything.
John hoped no one would recognize him.
John hopes to be independent of his parents.
John hugged Jessica proudly.
John hung his hopes on his son.
John hung up on his dad.
John ignored my advice.
John immediately hugged Jessica.
John immediately rushed back to the restaurant.
John impressed Jessica again.
John inherited a large fortune.
John insisted that we leave Jessica at an orphanage.
John introduced Jessica to the girls.
John investigated the accident thoroughly.
John invited Jessica for a walk.
John invited his friends to spend the night in his house watching anime.
John is Jessica's favorite child.
John is Tom's father.
John is Tom's sidekick.
John is Tom's son.
John is a British citizen.
John is a big boy.
John is a certified Apple fanboy.
John is a conscious customer: he shops at markets and pays cash.
John is a far better singer than the others.
John is a good friend of mine.
John is a good friend.
John is a good husband to his wife.
John is a good student.
John is a gossip.
John is a man who has a fine sense of art.
John is a member of the swimming club.
John is a scientist developing some sort of cure for this allergy.
John is a stallholder.
John is a strong believer in fresh air.
John is a terrible crook and heartbreaker.
John is a very responsible, brave and sensible boy.
John is a veterinarian.
John is above telling a lie.
John is admitted to be a fool.
John is already in surgery.
John is an American boy.
John is an Evangelical pastor.
John is another person outside home.
John is as lean as a wolf.
John is as old as I am.
John is as old as I.
John is as old as my brother.
John is at Window Rock.
John is at his peak now.
John is at the airport.
John is better loved than his father.
John is brave in appearance, but is in reality a coward.
John is careless. He makes many mistakes.
John is cheerful by nature.
John is clever.
John is cleverer than Bill.
John is coming with his brother.
John is copying my sentence.
John is doing well at the office.
John is easy to please.
John is eating your chocolate.
John is eighty years old but still fit.
John is envious of your new car.
John is exactly the same age as me.
John is familiar with the business.
John is free from worry these days.
John is from a place so boring, you don't need to know its name.
John is from school.
John is generous.
John is getting away.
John is going to earn a lot of money soon.
John is going to eat some kiwi.
John is going to steal a phone.
John is going to tell Lucy about the origin of rugby.
John is gonna find his real mom.
John is good and Jessica is amazing.
John is good at chess.
John is good at math.
John is good at mathematics.
John is good at maths.
John is hard to convince.
John is having a good time.
John is head and shoulders above any of his classmates in French.
John is healthy now.
John is in the habit of staying up until midnight.
John is in the swimming club.
John is indifferent about his clothes.
John is interested in golf.
John is just easy to love.
John is just looking for his dad.
John is learning Brazilian Sign Language.
John is like the opposite a first-born is supposed to be.
John is likely to make a mistake.
John is looking at a tulip.
John is looking at the cows.
John is looking for Pokemons.
John is looking for a book on Japanese history.
John is mad about pop music.
John is mentioned in this document.
John is more clever than Bill.
John is more intelligent than Bill.
John is more qualified than Peter.
John is much taller than Mary.
John is my age.
John is my best friend.
John is my good friend.
John is my junior by two years.
John is my little brother.
John is my name.
John is my nephew.
John is my younger brother.
John is nice, but I wanna be with you.
John is not a man to betray you.
John is not able to speak French well.
John is not alone in this anymore.
John is not as good as Jessica.
John is not as old as Bill; he is much younger.
John is not getting married.
John is not letting Jessica get away with that.
John is not my brother, but my cousin.
John is not so much a genius as a hard worker.
John is not the man he was three years ago.
John is not the man that he was three years ago.
John is not the type of man who'd betray you.
John is not very good with people.
John is obsessed about getting into a top tier university.
John is of tertiary importance.
John is older than Robert.
John is on duty today.
John is only allowed to watch TV for an hour between four and five pm.
John is pretty much perfect.
John is professor of French literature at Oxford and his wife is French.
John is right about one thing: this apartment is in a terrible condition.
John is sad.
John is seeing to the arrangements for the meeting.
John is senior to Robert.
John is senior to me by two years.
John is so happy he has a granddaughter now.
John is standing in the street wearing a cagoule.
John is standing in the street wearing an anorak.
John is still taking journalism classes at night.
John is still willing to compete.
John is streetwise.
John is sure that fresh air is a good thing.
John is sure to succeed his father in the company.
John is sure to win the game.
John is sure, that fresh air is a good thing.
John is tall, handsome and rich.
John is taller than anybody else.
John is taller than anybody.
John is the boy who is reading the book.
John is the cleverest of us all.
John is the middle child and the favorite. A rather unheard-of phenomenon.
John is the same age as my brother.
John is the taller of the two boys.
John is the taller of the two, and the tallest of them all.
John is the taller of the two.
John is tired of paddling.
John is too fat to run fast.
John is two years older than I am.
John is two years older than me.
John is useless around the house.
John is very careless about his clothes.
John is very proud of his new house.
John is very tall. He stands about seven feet.
John is waiting for Lucy, but the train has already left.
John is waiting for Mary on the platform.
John is walking in the direction of the station.
John is wrestling with Tom.
John is writing an assignment about the Brazilian backcountry.
John isn't here.
John isn't my brother; he's my nephew.
John isn't the kind of man who would betray you.
John isn't well enough to go to school today.
John isn’t here.
John isn’t my brother; he’s my nephew.
John isn’t the kind of man who would betray you.
John isn’t well enough to go to school today.
John jumped into the lake to save Jessica's toy.
John jumped out of the bushes, followed by several men.
John jumped to his feet the moment the bell rang.
John jumps from a ledge to a trampoline.
John just stayed with Dad.
John just wanted his parents to give him some breathing space.
John kept changing his appearance everyday.
John kept eating ice cream.
John kept gathering info.
John kept his head above the water.
John kept his head above water.
John kept ignoring Jessica's messages.
John kept the door open.
John kept thinking about that incredible meeting the whole night.
John kept those sketches a secret.
John kept training and made it to the Olympics.
John kissed Jessica's hand goodbye.
John kissed any woman with red hair.
John knew Jessica needed a bike.
John knew Jessica was looking for Walid.
John knew Jessica wouldn't be coming to school any time soon.
John knew everything but didn't want to tell Jessica.
John knocked the guard out.
John knows English history from A to Z.
John knows Jessica is disappointed in him.
John knows and remembers everything.
John knows everyone in town.
John knows everything in town.
John knows his value and he's not for sale.
John knows how much Jessica has been looking forward for that trip.
John knows how strong Jessica is.
John laid claim to the painting.
John left for France yesterday.
John left his phone at the hotel.
John left home in a hurry.
John left right before Jessica was born.
John left the cakes.
John left the company and started his own.
John left the company, starting up his own.
John left the mansion.
John let out a sound you would only hear a cow makes in labor.
John let the fart out quietly.
John lifted the dog.
John lifted the heavy table.
John lifted the weight.
John liked how unique Jessica was.
John liked things better when he didn't have money.
John liked to play chess.
John liked to play spy.
John liked to spend most of his time in his favorite place: the library.
John likes chess.
John likes lying at ease on the sofa.
John likes the nurse.
John likes to hog all the attention.
John likes to play chess.
John likes to trade stamps with his friends.
John listened carefully.
John listened to Jessica's story, then he burst out laughing.
John lit a match.
John lives above his means.
John lives in New York.
John lives near the coconut trees in Guyana.
John locked the basement door so that Jessica couldn't get out.
John locked the criminal in the basement.
John looked admiringly at Jessica's wet hair.
John looked again at the photo he had brought.
John looked around for a place to sit.
John looked at Jessica's picture on the phone.
John looked at Jessica, stunned.
John looked at my hens.
John looked at the cows.
John looked at the photo with interest.
John looked at the tulips.
John looked at your cow.
John looked closely at Jessica's photos.
John looked himself in a mirror and his eyes bugged out.
John looked into Jessica's eyes and he almost drown in them again.
John looked like a freaking clown.
John looked really sad.
John looked so worried.
John looks at the roses.
John looks great on the screen.
John looks kind of shy.
John looks like a hero from a computer game.
John looks like a movie star.
John lost even the little bit of money he had left.
John lost his money because of Jessica's curses.
John lost his precious voice.
John lost sight of the parrot.
John loves Mary.
John made Beth his wife.
John made Jessica lose consciousness.
John made Mary jump.
John made Mary stand up.
John made a book shelf.
John made a bunch of money.
John made a trip to Gallup.
John made an angry gesture.
John made believe that he passed the exam.
John made up with his friend.
John makes fun of his dog.
John makes music, but doesn't sing.
John masterfully changed his appearance and could trick anyone.
John may not have a lot of money, but he would give anything to Jessica.
John met Mary on his way to school.
John might end up hurting his back.
John might know something about Mr Black.
John might know something about Mr. Black.
John missed lunch because he had been busy working on his new look.
John mistook you for me.
John motioned furiously.
John moved back into the mansion.
John moved forward to the gate.
John must have confused Jessica with someone.
John must have felt embarrassed about his job.
John must work hard to catch up with his classmates.
John needed help cleaning because his parents were coming back.
John needed someone to keep him company.
John needed to find the real Jessica.
John needed to have a kidney transplant surgery immediately.
John needs a bodyguard now.
John needs his space.
John needs to go to swimming practice, first.
John needs to spend a lot of time practicing.
John never bumped into Jessica.
John never cared that much about looks.
John never even called Jessica.
John never had a tumor in his head.
John never helped any nursing homes.
John never smoked.
John never trusts anyone around him.
John nodded shyly.
John noticed an ID on the floor and picked it up. It was Jessica's.
John noticed my surprise at the news of his mother's remarriage.
John noticed something strange in the water below.
John often has a quick breakfast.
John often visited Jessica in the hospital.
John often visited Jessica.
John only dated Jessica because she was beautiful.
John only has this photo to remember Jessica by.
John opened a training center.
John opened the door and was attacked by a cloud of mosquitoes.
John opened the laptop.
John opened the limo door for Jessica.
John ordered everything he needed.
John ordered that Tom be brought food, and Tom ate as much as ten men. Everyone looked at him in astonishment.
John ordered the book from the publisher in the United States.
John paid Jessica no mind.
John paid for the surgery.
John paid the taxi driver and rushed to the party.
John painted the most special person in his life: Jessica.
John participated in a local talent show.
John passed among the crowd.
John passed by the pool and ignored Jessica.
John passed despite barely studying.
John passed the examination.
John peeked through the window.
John picked a quarrel with college kids near him at the bar.
John picked on Jessica and called her "Hercules."
John picked the statue up.
John picked up a stick and shook it.
John picked up the articles one by one and examined them.
John played cat and mouse with Dick.
John played guitar and his friend sang.
John played guitar and his friends sang.
John played hooky.
John played the guitar and his friends sang.
John played the guitar for us.
John plays the flute.
John popped a muffin in his mouth.
John popped into an alley to catch his breath.
John poured salt down the drain.
John practised for some time as a barrister, but had finally settled down to the more congenial life of a country squire.
John preached in the Desert of Judea.
John pressed himself against the wall and burst into tears.
John pretended to have a fever.
John promised Jessica he would never deceive her again.
John promised his mom that he would focus on his studies.
John promised to give Jessica swimming lessons.
John proudly walked away.
John pulled his clothes out of the closet.
John put Jessica on a diet.
John put across a big housing project.
John put gum on the expensive vase.
John put his foot on the brake and we stopped suddenly.
John put on a wig and went to school.
John put the paste on his face for an hour.
John put the picture in his pocket.
John puts his career above his family.
John puts his career before his family.
John ran away because of that.
John ran into Walid in the locker room.
John ran into his room in tears.
John ran into the bedroom.
John ran into the room.
John ran like crazy to the train station to catch the last train.
John ran out of ideas.
John ran to the station in order to catch the last train.
John ran to the station so as to catch the last train.
John ran to the station to catch the last train.
John ran to the station to get the last train.
John ran to the station to make it on to the last train.
John ran up to Jessica and helped her to a bench.
John rarely visits his grandparents.
John reached out to grab Jessica.
John read the news as usual.
John realized he had forgotten his phone.
John realized what Jessica was up to.
John really enjoyed the swimming classes.
John really hates rats.
John recognized Jessica's bracelet.
John recognized all the melodies which he learned while still a child.
John reconciled Tom and Mary.
John recovered completely.
John regretted adopting Jessica.
John relaxed a little and tried to think.
John remembered his parrot.
John rents the house and I sublet a room from him.
John represented his class in the swimming match.
John retired from the dangerous sport.
John retreated to a far corner of the room.
John returned early.
John returned everything stolen.
John returned the bike to the store.
John robbed Jessica and went to jail for it.
John rudely told Jessica to mind her own business.
John ruined Jessica's clothes.
John rummaged through the guard's jacket until he found his phone.
John runs the family business very efficiently.
John rushed upstairs and found Jessica kissing another boy.
John said "aham" every other minute.
John said Samuel was a coward.
John said he forgot his card.
John said he would marry Jessica or he would marry no one. Such a drama queen.
John said he'd like to marry me, and I'm as happy as can be.
John said he’d like to marry me, and I’m as happy as can be.
John said that he had met this man at the conference.
John said that the kingdom of heaven was near.
John said, "Hey guys, let's take a break."
John said, "Hey guys, let’s take a break."
John said, "That's a beautiful tune."
John said, "That’s a beautiful tune."
John said: "All right everyone, let's have a break."
John sang "Imagine" on the stage.
John sang at a restaurant.
John sat looking out of the window.
John sat with arms crossed.
John saved Jessica from the lake.
John saved every single penny.
John saved up for a new bike.
John saved up to go to Algiers one day.
John saw Jessica in competitions.
John saw Jessica leave.
John saw Jessica leaving Walid's house.
John saw a familiar silhouette in the crowd.
John saw a strange object hovering in the sky.
John saw some construction workers nearby.
John saw strange lights hovering above the tree.
John saw the interview with the mayor.
John says he wants to die in the same place he was born.
John says when he dies he doesn't want anyone to cry for him.
John scoffed.
John seemed stressed about the entire situation.
John seems familiar.
John seems very honest by nature.
John sent Jessica gifts.
John sent Jessica to a camp by a like every summer.
John sent an email to the administration of that lighthouse, asking them permission to film a documentary about it.
John sent me a letter written in German.
John set a transcontinental speed record by flying from Los Angeles to New York in 3 hours and 23 minutes.
John sets the table.
John shall have a holiday one of these days.
John shaved off the hair over his scar.
John should ask one of the adults, instead.
John should ask out Jessica.
John should be here any minute now.
John should break up with Jessica.
John should have never let Jessica go to the city alone.
John should have told Jessica about his mental condition.
John should never have done that.
John should never have left Jessica at an orphanage in the first place.
John shouldn't have done that.
John shouldn't have lied to Jessica.
John showed Jessica a strange video.
John showed Jessica the photo of his father.
John shrugged and walked away.
John sighed and told Jessica what was bothering him.
John sits by Jack.
John skied up the slope.
John skipped school.
John sleeps with his eyes open.
John slipped on a puddle of melted ice cream and fell.
John smashed the windowpane yesterday.
John smiled and pointed at Jessica.
John smiled even as the rudest people came into the store.
John smiled playfully.
John smiled rather ruefully.
John smiled slyly.
John smirked at Jessica.
John snacked on soda and chips.
John sneezed like crazy.
John sometime goes overboard in drinking.
John sometimes goes overboard in drinking.
John soon came over.
John speaking… how may I help you?
John speaks loudly.
John spent a relaxing weekend in Algiers.
John spent all the money he earned on advertising.
John spent the day cooking.
John spent the last of his money on a bus ticket.
John spied on Jessica behind her back.
John spoke in such a loud voice that I could hear him upstairs.
John sprung on Jessica like a python.
John squealed in surprise.
John stained Jessica's white dress with lipstick.
John stamped the check.
John stank the elevator up with his fart.
John stared at Jessica curiously.
John stared at Jessica for a long moment.
John stared at the picture.
John started blood-pressure medication.
John started flailing his arms around and thought he was going to drown.
John started frantically developing a revenge plan.
John started looking at Jessica like Angelina Jolie was before him.
John started muttering things under his breath whenever he saw Jessica.
John started rummaging through the drawers.
John started singing one of Jessica's songs.
John started sobbing very convincingly, but the judge didn't buy it.
John started the car.
John started to carefully study the maps.
John started to cry in the middle of the street and people started staring and pointing.
John started to eat popcorn.
John started to feel guilty.
John started to grow red.
John started to sneeze a lot.
John started to tell us different stories.
John stayed at home as he was told.
John stayed at home, as he was told.
John stayed in bed all day and didn't go to work.
John stayed in bed all day and didn’t go to work.
John stayed in bed all day instead of going to work.
John stepped into an elevator completely made of gold.
John still didn't have enough money to buy a new bike.
John still keeps Jessica's locket.
John still missed Jessica.
John still refuses to accept Jessica and doesn't think of her as family.
John stole Jessica's wallet.
John stole cakes.
John stood no chance at beating Jessica.
John stood still with his eyes fixed on something strange.
John stood up and the water came as high as his stomach.
John stopped visiting Jessica.
John stormed out of the mansion.
John stretched out on the couch.
John stretched out on the settee.
John struggled to find out the answer to the physics problem.
John struggled to move the table around.
John studied hard at school, while at home he helped his mother with her work.
John suddenly came in.
John suddenly grabbed Jessica by the wrist and looked at her bracelet.
John surprised Jessica with a ticket to Algiers.
John swam to the opposite shore.
John swam up to that guy and helped him get out of the water.
John swore that he would one day become rich.
John talked his friends into helping the poor family.
John talked with his customer on the phone.
John talks big.
John teaches chemistry in English to Turkish students with occasional explanations in Turkish when necessary.
John tends to get angry when he doesn't get his own way.
John tends to get angry when he doesn't have his own way.
John tends to get angry when he doesn’t get his own way.
John tends to get angry when he doesn’t have his own way.
John testified concerning him.
John texted Jessica a million times, but she didn't answer.
John thanked Jessica for paying for that surgery.
John the Baptist was the first Baptist.
John thinks Jessica is unstable.
John thinks he can trust Jessica.
John thinks he's in love with Jessica.
John thinks the whole universe revolves around him.
John thought Jessica had forgotten about him.
John thought Mary knew Tom was a fragrance chemist.
John thought for a long time, but eventually forgave Jessica.
John thought he was allergic to paper.
John threw a coin into the fountain for good luck.
John threw money around.
John told Jessica about racing.
John told Jessica how disappointed in her he was.
John told Jessica to calm down a little.
John told his dad everything.
John told his parents he was in love with Jessica.
John told you the truth.
John took Jessica to the cinema.
John took Jessica's hand and drew her closer to him.
John took Jessica's hand and they ran outside.
John took a closer look and recognized Jessica.
John took a closer look at Jessica and realized it was her phone she was holding.
John took a ham and cheese sandwich and left money for it on the counter.
John took a key from his pocket.
John took a key out of his pocket.
John took a sip and his eyes bulged out.
John took a walk along the river.
John took advantage of Bill's weakness.
John took advantage of Bill’s weakness.
John took after his dad as a detective.
John took care of Jessica's most valuable treasure: her Siamese cat.
John took care of everything.
John took everything and left.
John took off his braces.
John took off his cast.
John took off his shoes to be quiet.
John took part in our play.
John took quite a bit of persuading to give you this chance. Please use it.
John took the bus to the suburbs.
John took the guitar clumsily and tried to play some music.
John took the lion's share of the lottery winnings; he claimed it was his idea to buy the ticket in the first place.
John took the lion’s share of the lottery winnings; he claimed it was his idea to buy the ticket in the first place.
John totally gets it.
John trained and trained and trained some more.
John traveled around the world a lot.
John tried in vain to solve the problem.
John tried in vain to work out the problem.
John tried not to wake the sleeping baby.
John tried searching for Jessica on social media.
John tried to grab the parrot, but it flew out into the street.
John tried to pull Jessica into the car.
John tried to win Jessica over.
John trudged off.
John turned his back on the company and started on his own.
John turned out to be friendly.
John turned to Jessica with a frown.
John typed Jessica's name into the computer.
John understood Jessica's feelings even better.
John used the opportunity to impress everyone with his karate skills.
John used to fool Jessica.
John used to live in suburban Algiers.
John used to sell books.
John used to stand by me whenever I was in trouble.
John usually just wants Jessica's money.
John waited for better days.
John waited until Jessica left and finished cutting up the dress.
John walked Jessica to her classroom.
John walked into he locker room.
John walked into his room and almost caught Jessica redhanded.
John walked over the bridge and crossed the road.
John walked up to Jessica's porch and knocked on the door.
John wanted Jessica to get the punishment she deserved.
John wanted that for Jessica.
John wanted to achieve his dream.
John wanted to be completely independent of his family.
John wanted to be completely independent of his parents.
John wanted to cover his scar with a wig.
John wanted to destroy Jessica's beautiful creation.
John wanted to get closer to Jessica.
John wanted to go back to his normal life.
John wanted to have a serious talk with his daughters.
John wanted to keep Jessica and Walid apart.
John wanted to keep Jessica out of school.
John wanted to put his mind at ease.
John wanted to see the world.
John wanted to show everyone his unique talent.
John wanted to start crying like a baby.
John wanted to stay anonymous.
John wants to be at the camp again next summer.
John wants to play chess.
John wants to save up for a new bike as soon as possible.
John wants to see you and me.
John warned Jessica a day in advance.
John was Jane's husband.
John was Samuel's alter ego.
John was a complete scumbag.
John was a constant pest.
John was a final year medical student.
John was a huge pain in Jessica's butt.
John was a lazy person until he met you.
John was a very cute child.
John was a very tiny guy.
John was a weightlifting champion.
John was about to burst into tears in front of everyone.
John was absent from school yesterday.
John was acting kind of suspicious.
John was actually over the moon.
John was admiring himself in a mirror.
John was adopted by a family from Algiers.
John was adopted when he was four.
John was afraid of everything.
John was afraid that Jessica would believe Walid.
John was always short of money.
John was always there for me when I needed him.
John was an amazing guy.
John was another great player.
John was ashamed of his scar.
John was at a training academy.
John was beating the drums loudly.
John was bedridden for a long time and had to learn to walk again.
John was born in America.
John was born in Guyana.
John was born in Lagos, Nigeria.
John was born in a hospital and he died in a hospital.
John was born in the US.
John was born in the United States.
John was born with the weirdest allergy: an allergy to paper.
John was busy preparing for his trip.
John was busy studying.
John was collecting money to buy the bike he wanted.
John was connected to the robbery.
John was doing everything to impress Jessica.
John was driving home in the evening.
John was dumber than Jessica thought.
John was enjoying his swimming practice.
John was excited and scared.
John was extremely worried about his figure.
John was finally discharged.
John was glowing like some freaking Disney character.
John was going to ruin Jessica's dress.
John was going to the audition the next morning.
John was grounded, but he deserved it.
John was hanging around the bakery and looking at the cakes with hungry eyes.
John was happy that we finally cleared everything up.
John was head over heels in love.
John was hitting on Jessica, too.
John was hoping to never hear Jessica's name again.
John was horrified as well.
John was hugging a girl.
John was in a great mood.
John was in an elevator in a bank.
John was in such a hurry that he had no time for talking.
John was just trying to get out his phone.
John was kidnapped with other people.
John was less than pleased.
John was living his dream.
John was loading his things into a van.
John was looking at the cows.
John was looking at your cow.
John was looking at your hen.
John was looking for information to expose the mayor.
John was lost for words.
John was mad about the audition.
John was making mistakes all the time.
John was making money without even trying.
John was making ordinary hot dogs.
John was married to Jane.
John was mentioned in the paper.
John was nervously biting his lips.
John was not at home, as is often the case with him.
John was obsessed about his look.
John was obsessed with money.
John was obsessed with the idea of becoming rich.
John was on edge because of all of that.
John was only allowed to eat salad.
John was over the moon for getting the chance to meet his idol.
John was paralyzed with fear.
John was praised for his good homework.
John was pretty proud of himself.
John was raised by his grandmother.
John was raveling in the attention.
John was really embarrassed.
John was running late for practice.
John was saving for his new life.
John was saving up to buy a limo.
John was sent to a competition.
John was shaking like a leaf as he walked towards Jessica.
John was shaking with fear.
John was sitting on the lawn with everybody else.
John was skinny as a rail.
John was so charismatic and interesting.
John was so kind to Jessica.
John was so mad at his mom for hiding the truth from him for so many years.
John was so nasty.
John was so relieved to see his parents.
John was so rude.
John was so toxic.
John was soon exhausted.
John was speaking so loudly I could hear him even from the second floor.
John was standing alone in the room with his arms folded.
John was standing alone with his arms folded.
John was standing in the doorway, frozen in fear.
John was staring right up at Jessica.
John was supposed to leave that day.
John was sure Jessica would help me.
John was sure he would get a scholarship.
John was sure those were his mom and dad.
John was surprised to see two Jessicas.
John was surrounded by mice.
John was taking selfies without Jessica.
John was talking to his adoptive mom.
John was talking to one of the prettiest girls I've ever seen.
John was the first to receive that prize.
John was the only reason Jessica didn't go ballistic.
John was there the entire time during Jessica's soccer practice.
John was tired and hungry.
John was tired from working overtime.
John was tired of Jessica asking for so many things all the time.
John was tired of chasing Jessica.
John was told they had never had an employee with that name.
John was too busy training.
John was too controlling.
John was too old to raise a child.
John was too scared to talk to Jessica in person.
John was too surprised to say anything.
John was trained in information systems, but he doesn't work with computers.
John was truant.
John was truly depressed.
John was trying to cheer Jessica up.
John was trying to make the kids like him so much that he no longer paid any attention to Jessica.
John was trying to run away again.
John was very dear to Jessica.
John was very grateful to Jessica.
John was very vain.
John was wearing a wetsuit.
John was wearing poor clothes.
John was working on Jessica.
John was working with the kidnappers.
John wasn't done with the dictionary yet.
John wasn't just handsome, but also smart.
John wasn't spending much time with Jessica.
John wasn't taking Jessica out of the building.
John watched the competition.
John went a bit off the mark and began to ask weird questions.
John went away without so much as saying good-by.
John went back to work after a two-week hospital stay.
John went back to work after spending a fortnight in hospital.
John went down to the basement to see if the generator was fine.
John went for a swim in the pool.
John went home hungry.
John went home, ashamed and angry at his parents.
John went on a picnic with Jessica.
John went online and made sure Jessica was telling the truth.
John went out without telling anyone.
John went through the back door into the kitchen.
John went to Algiers and started a new life there.
John went to America by air.
John went to a beauty salon.
John went to a police station and told them everything.
John went to a small restaurant near his house.
John went to his cozy apartment.
John went to the bakery to buy bread, but he was disappointed when he found out that there wasn't any.
John went to the bakery to buy bread, but there was no bread. John returns to his home hungry and without bread.
John went to the club everyone liked to hang out in.
John went to the hotel he booked.
John went to the hotel of his dreams.
John went to the kitchen to get soda.
John went to the mansion Jessica had told him about.
John went to the second run of the audition.
John went to the store.
John went with Jessica to the cinema.
John will be gone in four days from here.
John will be here in five minutes.
John will be the designer and Jessica and Barbara will present his dresses.
John will be upset when he finds out Jessica is dating Daniel.
John will clean the potatoes.
John will come with us.
John will compete at the Olympics someday.
John will deal with that, too.
John will eat my bananas.
John will finally take Jessica home.
John will find out soon enough.
John will get his voice back in a few days.
John will have to live in a cardboard box.
John will have to shave his head.
John will help Jessica clean up.
John will invite everyone.
John will know Jessica better.
John will look at my cow.
John will look at the cows.
John will look at your cows.
John will make a good husband and father.
John will make us some tea.
John will never have to work a day in his life again.
John will not answer the question.
John will probably make a mistake.
John will probably pass the examination.
John will run for mayor in the next elections.
John will show you your room.
John will take Jessica there.
John will undergo a cheek plastic surgery.
John winked mysteriously and left.
John wins every time we play the game.
John wished his family cared as much as Jessica's did.
John wished to go to the Olympics.
John won competitions.
John won gold.
John won't figure out which one of us is the real Jessica.
John won't guess what just happened.
John won't let Jessica down.
John wore braces.
John wore ridiculous glasses.
John worked as a dishwasher here for years.
John worked his company with success.
John worked in marketing.
John works at the mint.
John works for a German company.
John works hard.
John works in neuromarketing.
John would do anything to have Jessica call him.
John would have hired the best lawyers out there and won the trial.
John would kiss Jessica's feet if she asked him to.
John would often go mountain climbing when he was a student.
John would probably be back soon.
John wouldn't be allowed to visit Jessica anymore.
John wouldn't waste any more time on this.
John writes a letter to his parents once a month.
John writes a letter.
John writes to his parents once a month.
John wrote Jessica a touching note.
John's adoring fans were nowhere to be seen.
John's behavior only made Jessica more anxious.
John's bike is as good as new.
John's birthday was coming up.
John's blonde hair shone in the sunlight.
John's business has turned out to be a complete failure.
John's cakes were so delicious I couldn't resist.
John's cast was taken off.
John's confession was like a slap on the face for Jessica.
John's dreams came true in a way he didn't expect.
John's dreams were bigger than that.
John's eighty years old, but still full of energy.
John's face was drawn.
John's father has some knowledge of French.
John's food was grasshoppers and wild honey.
John's friends started to glare at him again.
John's going to eat my lemons.
John's gone to the shop.
John's got a brilliant idea.
John's grandmother died after a long illness.
John's grandmother passed away after a long illness.
John's grandmother was going to take custody of him.
John's hand is clean.
John's heart did a little back flip when he saw Jessica.
John's hotel was tiny and dirty.
John's house is not very comfortable.
John's house is opposite the church.
John's kitchen was teeming with cockroaches.
John's legs gave way.
John's letters helped boost Jessica's confidence so much.
John's manner was somewhat unusual.
John's mom is Algeria and she raised him and his sister alone.
John's mom suddenly burst into tears.
John's mother looks so young that she is often mistaken as John's older sister.
John's mother looks so young that she is often mistaken for his elder sister.
John's mother looks very young, so she is often mistaken for his older sister.
John's mouth runs as fast as his hands.
John's new place was a tiny little apartment.
John's older than I thought.
John's other dreams will soon come true.
John's parents controlled his every move.
John's parents just moved here.
John's parents seemed relieved to hear that he was safe.
John's parents seemed relieved to hear that his plane was on time.
John's parents were against our marriage.
John's parents were scientists.
John's parents were strict and demanding.
John's parents were very strict and liked to control everything.
John's penthouse wasn't big enough.
John's prayers have been answered.
John's rabbit fell into the water.
John's relatives didn't live far.
John's rival was eliminated.
John's room had a built-in hottub.
John's sculpture is horrible!
John's sleeping on the couch.
John's smug face made everything worse.
John's sneezing subsided.
John's stomach was rumbling pitifully.
John's story was massively bastardized and sensationalized by channels like Fox News.
John's suit cost a fortune.
John's two years older than me.
John's voice was coming back.
John's wife is an English teacher.
John's words made Jessica's blood boil.
John, a friend of mine, told me so.
John, an Anglo-Saxon who worked for a technology company, is retired and is living all by himself in a big house with a big balcony in my Lulu Island neighbourhood.
John, an old friend of mine, told me.
John, are you and Tom brothers?
John, being tired, went to bed early.
John, come to me!
John, did you see the cat?
John, the oldest, a boy of twelve, was a stout lad, able to earn his living with any farmer.
John, the tallest boy in our class, is nicknamed "Mr High".
John, the tallest boy in our class, is nicknamed "Mr High."
John, who is the youngest in a family of seven, is the apple of his parents' eyes.
John, who is the youngest in a family of seven, is the apple of his parents’ eyes.
John, who was notably thin, made an effort to find a job that would pay his rent.
John, you have to help me.
John, you're working too hard. Sit down and take it easy for a while.
John, you've been working too hard. Have a seat and rest awhile.
John, you’re a soldier, and it’s gonna take you a while to adjust to civilian life.
John, you’re working too hard. Sit down and take it easy for a while.
Johnnie Crumplin is a football genius.
Johnny Appleseed is beloved in American folklore, because he traveled the country and planted apple seeds wherever he went; but folklore lovers don't know much about apple trees, which almost always require grafting to be much use.
Johnny Depp admitted on tape to beating Amber Heard.
Johnny Depp is best friends with fellow abuser Marilyn Manson.
Johnny Depp is my favorite actor.
Johnny Depp is on tape admitting to physically abusing Amber Heard.
Johnny Depp lost a libel case in the notoriously celebrity-friendly United Kingdom, so he chose the only venue that would give him more deference.
Johnny Depp remains a domestic abuser.
Johnny Depp wasn't exonerated of beating Amber Heard; he won a kangaroo court case in a carefully-selected venue.
Johnny Depp's daughter is reportedly recovering from an unspecified serious ailment.
Johnny came, smudgy and hungry, surprised to find that his old friend, big man as he was, seemed to be scarcely so big as when he saw him last, eighteen months ago.
Johnny got leave to go home.
Johnny kept planting apple seeds for 46 years.
Johnny moved to Spain just a few months ago, so he isn't used to speaking Spanish as yet.
Johnny moved to Spain just a few months ago, so he isn’t used to speaking Spanish as yet.
Johnny proposed to Alice and she accepted.
Johnny was a chemist; now Johnny is no more. For what he thought was water, was H2SO4.
Johnny's sister Marisol liked fantasy and science fiction books.
Johnny, come here quickly!
Johnny, please read the penultimate paragraph.
Johnson cautioned that a vaccine is still a long way off and that one vaccine is not a solution.
Johnson defended his policies.
Johnson flexed his political muscle, strong-arming the other congressmen into signing his proposal.
Johnson insists the problems will be ironed out.
Johnson is a recluse; he prefers to isolate himself from the rest of the students in our class.
Johnson refused to recognize the law.
Johnson said he has “a temperature and a persistent cough” that he described as “mild symptoms” of the virus.
Johnson transformed the interior of her shop into a welcoming, homey environment.
Johnston Island and Sand Island were designated wildlife refuges in 1926.
Johnston and Sand Islands were designated wildlife refuges in 1926.
Johnston bled to death before help arrived.
Johnston decided to surrender.
Johnston was the first to come to consciousness as the balloon sank into less rarefied atmosphere.
John’s business has turned out to be a complete failure.
John’s face was drawn.
John’s father has some knowledge of French.
John’s grandmother passed away after a long illness.
John’s mother looks so young that she is often mistaken for his elder sister.
John’s parents seemed relieved to hear that he was safe.
John’s parents seemed relieved to hear that his plane was on time.
John’s two years older than me.
Join Mastodon.
Join a sports team for added motivation.
Join him.
Join if you're a musician.
Join in on the chorus.
Join in, try it out, do it better!
Join me and many others on the beach.
Join me for a camping escapade and leave the city behind.
Join me in prayer.
Join me with them in their movement.
Join me!
Join me, Tom.
Join me.
Join now and pay nothing for a whole year.
Join our book club.
Join the Fediverse.
Join the Grammar Antifa!
Join the club!
Join the club.
Join the competition.
Join the dark side.
Join the ends and we're done.
Join the fucking club.
Join the good ones and you'll be like them; join the bad ones and you'll be worse than them.
Join the queue.
Join the rebels.
Join the sports revolution.
Join the two cables.
Join today to get started.
Join together.
Join us for an unforgettable evening.
Join us on TikTok.
Join us outside.
Join us to eat.
Join us!
Join us, won't you?
Join us, won’t you?
Join us.
Joining the military has its perks.
Jokes about text generators practically write themselves.
Jokes are funnier when you drag them out.
Jokes are no laughing matter.
Jokes write themselves.
Joki was a young Mandarin-speaking Chinese woman, and I had talked to her yesterday evening, the 10th of March of 2020, at the café Starbucks. She had been in Canada for over a decade, whilst her family was still in China. I was sitting in a soft chair next to hers, as she was applying a transparent green fragrant hand lotion on her hands. I inquired, because it was such a strong, but pleasant, odour. She said that it was something that she had ordered online. It was made of various plant materials, but unspecific on the labels. Joki was wearing a long, red Oriental jacket that made her look like a temple priestess. She had long black hair and had eyeglasses. Her necklace had a fat black stone Maitreya Buddha. She wore a meditation bracelet of black mala beads.
Joking apart, you ought to see a doctor about your headache.
Joking aside, how are things going?
Joking aside, what are you trying to say?
Joking aside, what do you mean to do?
Joking aside, you ought to see a doctor about your headache.
Joking is undoubtedly the best way to learn.
Joko went for groceries yesterday.
Jolanta B. bought French cheese at the festival.
Jolanta is a very beautiful teenager girl from BronisÅ‚aw’s university.
Jolanta is a very beautiful teenager girl from Bronisław's university.
Jolene became the first transgender head of state in the world.
Jon Hornback, who owns a construction company wants to be a part of the rebuilding process.
Jon Stewart said goodbye to his fans Thursday, after 16 years on the Comedy Central network's The Daily Show, which established him as America's foremost satirist of politicians and the media.
Jon buys fish.
Jon is far more attractive than Tom.
Jon made his company succeed.
Jon slipped a couple of fingers into Yoko's pussy.
Jon was a manager in the software company in Japan. He was a Japanese from Hawaii. He was handsome and dark. He had a well-built body.
Jonah and Leah live in a beautiful, straw-bale, timber-framed home that they built from hand.
Jonah was a prophet of God.
Jonas DM'd Amelia's roommate and asked her to come pick her up.
Jonas Salk developed the polio vaccine in 1952.
Jonas almost fell off the ladder.
Jonas always had a lot more energy than Amelia.
Jonas and Amelia both called back "what?" from different rooms.
Jonas and Amelia celebrated their engagement at the campsite.
Jonas and Amelia cheated on tests together.
Jonas and Amelia tested the walkie-talkies and they were all good.
Jonas and Amelia went camping in a nature preserve in Pennsylvania.
Jonas and Amelia were planning on leaving the same day.
Jonas and Amelia were very angry and yelling at each other.
Jonas and Amelia would go out together on the weekends.
Jonas and his friends agreed not to tell their parents about that.
Jonas and his friends decided to go ding-dong ditching.
Jonas and his friends wanted to play ding-dong ditch on that old house.
Jonas and his roommate were having serious issues.
Jonas and the police officer searched the whole apartment.
Jonas arrived at the back door and knocked.
Jonas asked Amelia to get out of her tent and help him pack up.
Jonas asked Amelia to leave that day.
Jonas asked Amelia what she was doing and she stuttered and said she couldn't sleep.
Jonas banged the door really hard.
Jonas beat his mother.
Jonas became a government agent.
Jonas became a priest.
Jonas became confused.
Jonas became defensive.
Jonas became smart enough to realize he could take control.
Jonas became the colony leader.
Jonas began Rima’s exorcism.
Jonas began begging for help.
Jonas began packing everything into the truck.
Jonas began to apologize.
Jonas began to scratch the bruise.
Jonas begged Rima for help.
Jonas begged his father to let him go home.
Jonas believed that he was in danger.
Jonas believed that the prehistoric pictograms depicted aliens.
Jonas believed there was an evil force lurking around.
Jonas believes God created humans.
Jonas believes Walid is his ancestor.
Jonas believes he’s not wanted.
Jonas blamed himself for what happened.
Jonas blocked Amelia's number, too.
Jonas blocked Amelia's way with his truck.
Jonas blocked Rima’s view.
Jonas bought some flowers.
Jonas bought the merchandise.
Jonas bound Rima’s hands to the bars.
Jonas bound his hostage.
Jonas broke Rima’s nose.
Jonas broke Rima’s teeth.
Jonas broke free.
Jonas broke into Rima’s apartment.
Jonas broke into Rima’s house.
Jonas broke the silence and started asking Rima questions.
Jonas broke the table with his injured hand.
Jonas broke the wall despite Rima’s protests.
Jonas brought Rima back.
Jonas brought a knife into Amelia's room in the middle of the night.
Jonas brought both Rima and Walid with him.
Jonas brought his injured friend to the hospital.
Jonas brought in the food.
Jonas brought out his tools.
Jonas brought two walkie-talkies and handed Amelia one.
Jonas brushed the noise off, assuming it was a deer.
Jonas built a machine that allowed him to see the future.
Jonas bumped into Rima, making her drop her purse.
Jonas buried the photo album in the basement.
Jonas burnt Rima to death.
Jonas burnt Rima’s religious altar.
Jonas burnt the alien off his leg.
Jonas burnt the alien.
Jonas called Amelia and told her to meet him at his house.
Jonas called Amelia's name one more time really loud.
Jonas called Amelia's name pretty loud.
Jonas called NASA.
Jonas called Rima an abomination.
Jonas called a babysitter.
Jonas called an ambulance.
Jonas called out from the shore.
Jonas called the cops again.
Jonas called the cops, they came and arrested Rima.
Jonas came across his uncle.
Jonas came at last.
Jonas came back to his senses.
Jonas came in.
Jonas came into Amelia's room and stabbed her.
Jonas came into Amelia's room with a carving knife.
Jonas came on a rainy night.
Jonas came to Rima’s rescue.
Jonas came to life.
Jonas came with his injured friend.
Jonas camped by a large lake.
Jonas can change anything, except human nature.
Jonas can even do acrobatics.
Jonas can help the girl.
Jonas can live forever.
Jonas can slice people in half.
Jonas can take Rima to Algeria.
Jonas can't remember the name of the place.
Jonas cannot find the car key.
Jonas cannot go to heaven.
Jonas cannot help.
Jonas cannot visit his dying father.
Jonas can’t confirm.
Jonas can’t go there because of the attempt on his life.
Jonas can’t help the police with Rima.
Jonas can’t just throw away his scholarship like that.
Jonas can’t remember Rima.
Jonas can’t risk placing another crew member in danger.
Jonas can’t see into the future.
Jonas can’t shoot.
Jonas caressed Rima’s head.
Jonas caught the bullet in his hand.
Jonas caused Rima’s death.
Jonas caused Rima’s horse to trip and fall.
Jonas caused Rima’s son’s death.
Jonas cautiously opened the door.
Jonas changed the channel.
Jonas changed the subject and offered Rima tea.
Jonas changed the subject.
Jonas charged full speed at the kids.
Jonas charged with the rest of his army.
Jonas chased Rima in the dark alleyway.
Jonas chased after Rima.
Jonas chased after the alien.
Jonas checked Rima’s itinerary.
Jonas checked for signs of the cannibals.
Jonas checked his backpack.
Jonas checked if the ship was working properly.
Jonas checked on Rima’s health.
Jonas checked the babysitter in the other room.
Jonas checked the explosion site.
Jonas checked the items in the envelope.
Jonas checked the items.
Jonas checked under the cage and found a bank note.
Jonas choked Rima with a cable.
Jonas chose to be imprisoned.
Jonas claimed he inherited a large sum of money from his father.
Jonas claimed that no one was there.
Jonas cleaned his eyes with water.
Jonas cleaned up Rima’s mess.
Jonas climbed down the tower.
Jonas climbed into an open window.
Jonas climbed over the gate.
Jonas clocked out.
Jonas closed his laptop.
Jonas closed the airlock.
Jonas closed the gas.
Jonas closed the lab door.
Jonas comes from the ghetto.
Jonas comforted his daughter.
Jonas commanded the guards to put their weapons down.
Jonas committed the unthinkable.
Jonas communicated with aliens.
Jonas complained about how evil society is.
Jonas completely lost his human empathy.
Jonas concluded his investigation.
Jonas conducted a psychological evaluation of Rima.
Jonas confronted Rima and Walid.
Jonas confronted Rima for not doing her job.
Jonas confronted his mother about that.
Jonas considers people as mere insects to be stomped on.
Jonas continued down.
Jonas continued filling out the application.
Jonas continued fixing the ship.
Jonas continued his escape.
Jonas continued his phone conversation with his family.
Jonas continued his rampage.
Jonas continued his search for Rima.
Jonas continued running.
Jonas continued screaming.
Jonas continued taking pictures of the creatures.
Jonas continued to argue with Rima about Walid.
Jonas continued to chase Rima.
Jonas continued to give chase.
Jonas continued to harass Rima.
Jonas continued to wander around until he found a small cabin.
Jonas continuously pressed buttons.
Jonas convinced Rima to stay.
Jonas cornered Rima.
Jonas cornered the alien.
Jonas could drown soon.
Jonas could have lived happily if he didn’t kill Rima.
Jonas could hear Rima’s screams from upstairs.
Jonas could immediately hear talking from Amelia's tent.
Jonas could not speak due to his injury.
Jonas couldn't evict Amelia without a notice.
Jonas couldn't find his laptop.
Jonas couldn't go almost two weeks without his computer.
Jonas couldn't see anything beyond the wall.
Jonas couldn’t understand the alien.
Jonas crashed into a forest.
Jonas crawled out, too.
Jonas created an explosive.
Jonas created an interactive hologram.
Jonas created androids.
Jonas cried out in agony.
Jonas cried out in pain.
Jonas crossed numerous borders.
Jonas crossed the river.
Jonas cuffed Rima to the bed.
Jonas cut a vein in Rima’s arm.
Jonas cut the manor’s power.
Jonas cut the power.
Jonas cut up Rima’s valuable clothing.
Jonas danced with strangers.
Jonas decided to dress up.
Jonas decided to fix the ship.
Jonas decided to free Rima from prison.
Jonas decided to head to the alien colony.
Jonas decided to hide in the bush.
Jonas decided to just go home.
Jonas decided to look upstairs.
Jonas decided to move away and start over.
Jonas decided to play in the garden.
Jonas decided to retire.
Jonas decided to return to the ship.
Jonas decided to save the remaining water instead.
Jonas decided to stay behind.
Jonas decided to take Rima home.
Jonas declared his intentions on changing things.
Jonas declined the call.
Jonas defeated the guards.
Jonas defeated the leader of the cannibals.
Jonas deleted every picture he could find from that computer.
Jonas demanded to return home.
Jonas denied Rima’s claims.
Jonas denied that aggressively.
Jonas departed to another galaxy.
Jonas designed a weapon for the military.
Jonas destroyed Rima’s armor.
Jonas destroyed the boat.
Jonas destroyed the opium.
Jonas detonated the explosives and the ship was blown into pieces.
Jonas did everything he could to end Rima’s life.
Jonas did not budge.
Jonas did something silly.
Jonas didn't appear to be in the apartment.
Jonas didn't come from a wealthy family.
Jonas didn't have a single piece of furniture.
Jonas didn't have any words.
Jonas didn't know how Amelia saw those pictures.
Jonas didn't know what woke Amelia up.
Jonas didn't look around for Amelia.
Jonas didn't really know how to converse.
Jonas didn't say anything else.
Jonas didn't see Amelia again for almost a whole year.
Jonas didn't see anyone inside the room.
Jonas didn't seem right.
Jonas didn't seem to be in his room.
Jonas didn't text Amelia or call her again.
Jonas didn't want to share personal details like that.
Jonas didn’t accept the responsibility.
Jonas didn’t allow Rima to do that.
Jonas didn’t cough.
Jonas didn’t dare to talk back.
Jonas didn’t even flinch.
Jonas didn’t feel the pain of gunshots.
Jonas didn’t find anything.
Jonas didn’t follow the truck.
Jonas didn’t know about this.
Jonas didn’t need Rima.
Jonas didn’t notice the creatures.
Jonas didn’t pay the ransom.
Jonas didn’t receive a response.
Jonas didn’t regret his actions at all.
Jonas didn’t return.
Jonas didn’t tell anyone about it.
Jonas didn’t wait for Rima.
Jonas didn’t want to lose face.
Jonas died a gruesome death.
Jonas died a painful death.
Jonas died and Walid celebrated his victory.
Jonas died before he could even confess.
Jonas died due to alcohol poisoning.
Jonas died from the impact.
Jonas died in the explosion.
Jonas died on the ship.
Jonas died on the spot.
Jonas dipped his index finger inside the glass.
Jonas disappeared into the hallway.
Jonas disappeared within seconds.
Jonas disclosed that one of the aliens was alive.
Jonas discovered Rima was in his house.
Jonas discovered Rima’s body.
Jonas discovered Rima’s plans.
Jonas discovered Rima’s sketchbook.
Jonas discovered a digital watch on the floor.
Jonas discovered a hidden passageway to Rima’s room.
Jonas discovered a letter under his pillow.
Jonas discovered an ancient civilization in the Amazon.
Jonas discovered an old coin under his pillow.
Jonas discovered that one of the workers was still alive.
Jonas discussed the alien with Rima.
Jonas disfigured Rima’s doll.
Jonas dismissed Rima.
Jonas disregarded Rima’s feelings.
Jonas disrupted Rima and Walid’s romantic moment.
Jonas distracted the guards.
Jonas disturbed Rima again.
Jonas does strange things.
Jonas does the household chores.
Jonas doesn't have too many friends.
Jonas doesn't know why Amelia went through his bags.
Jonas doesn't sleepwalk.
Jonas doesn't want to end up homeless.
Jonas doesn’t act like everybody else.
Jonas doesn’t care about Rima’s dresses.
Jonas doesn’t deserve to be called a hero.
Jonas doesn’t have a partner to dance with.
Jonas doesn’t have anyone to protect him.
Jonas doesn’t have enough money.
Jonas doesn’t have resources to spare.
Jonas doesn’t kill people for enjoyment.
Jonas doesn’t like hanging out with fake people.
Jonas doesn’t need Rima anymore.
Jonas doesn’t smell anything.
Jonas doesn’t want to die.
Jonas doesn’t want to put his grandma in a retirement home.
Jonas drank hot coffee.
Jonas dressed as Walid.
Jonas drew a picture of the creatures.
Jonas dropped his backpack in a corner of the living room.
Jonas dropped out of college.
Jonas dropped the envelope.
Jonas drove away with Rima to escape.
Jonas drove in reverse.
Jonas drove out.
Jonas drove the two of us there.
Jonas easily fended off the thugs.
Jonas emailed the pictures to Rima.
Jonas emerged and attacked Rima.
Jonas emerged from the wreckage.
Jonas ended Rima’s life in a single blow.
Jonas ended the call.
Jonas ended up in the captain’s lounge.
Jonas ended up sitting with Rima for lunch.
Jonas entered the atmosphere.
Jonas entered the ball room.
Jonas entered the lab.
Jonas entered the ship.
Jonas entered the station.
Jonas entered through the kitchen.
Jonas erased Rima’s memories.
Jonas erased the android’s memories.
Jonas escaped from his cage.
Jonas escaped to Algiers.
Jonas escaped to the parking lot.
Jonas escaped to the surface.
Jonas escaped with another slave named Rima.
Jonas escaped, much to everyone’s surprise.
Jonas eventually departed.
Jonas eventually drowned.
Jonas eventually heard Rima’s screams and rushed to help her.
Jonas eventually killed Rima.
Jonas examined everyone’s blood.
Jonas examined the humanoid’s DNA.
Jonas examined the weapon.
Jonas excitedly showed Rima the drawing he found inside a cave.
Jonas excused himself to go to the toilet.
Jonas exited the tunnel.
Jonas exited through another vent.
Jonas exited through the vent.
Jonas exited.
Jonas expected Amelia to attack.
Jonas explained his rash behavior.
Jonas explained the situation.
Jonas explored the laundry room.
Jonas explored the ship.
Jonas faced death.
Jonas faced off his pursuers.
Jonas failed Rima.
Jonas failed to contact the camp.
Jonas failed to do so.
Jonas fell into a hall.
Jonas fell into the meat grinder and was ground to death.
Jonas fell next to Rima’s body.
Jonas fell off a high platform and died.
Jonas fell off the building and died.
Jonas fell overboard, but managed to swim to shore.
Jonas fell to his death.
Jonas fell to his knees.
Jonas fell to the floor.
Jonas felt generous and gave Rima some money.
Jonas felt hopeless.
Jonas felt like he belonged there.
Jonas felt like he was getting sick.
Jonas felt more alive than ever.
Jonas felt pain in his abdomen.
Jonas felt satisfied.
Jonas fetched Rima from the garden.
Jonas figured out his escape.
Jonas filled the bathroom with steam.
Jonas finally convinced Rima to leave.
Jonas finally reached the colony.
Jonas finds Rima beautiful.
Jonas fired a gun.
Jonas firmly rejected that.
Jonas fixed and sold the manor.
Jonas fixed the antenna.
Jonas fixed the device.
Jonas fixed the malfunction.
Jonas fixed the night light.
Jonas fled for his life.
Jonas fled.
Jonas flicked on his flashlight.
Jonas flicked on the light.
Jonas flipped on the lamp next to his bed.
Jonas flirted with Rima, but she ignored him.
Jonas floated lifelessly in the capsule.
Jonas flushed the car keys into the toilet.
Jonas focused his investigation on the missing weapon.
Jonas focused on the Jewish religion.
Jonas focused on the image on the wall.
Jonas followed Rima to the greenhouse.
Jonas followed his mother to the garden.
Jonas followed the hologram.
Jonas forced Rima to crawl.
Jonas forced Rima to give her car keys to him.
Jonas forced the alien organism back into hibernation.
Jonas forced the train to stop.
Jonas fought fearlessly but still, he was beaten to death.
Jonas fought the guards when they tried to interfere.
Jonas found Rima apprehended by the guards.
Jonas found Rima asleep.
Jonas found Rima carving strange symbols on the table.
Jonas found Rima dead with her nose bloody.
Jonas found Rima in a courtroom.
Jonas found Rima in the woods.
Jonas found Rima sleeping in his bed.
Jonas found Rima walking on the side of the road.
Jonas found Rima’s the ring and pretended to steal it.
Jonas found Rima’s watch.
Jonas found a giant monolithic statue of an alien.
Jonas found a hidden door.
Jonas found a leg behind the curtain.
Jonas found a light switch at the bottom step of the basement.
Jonas found a man on the floor.
Jonas found a paper clip under his desk.
Jonas found a pile of humanoid corpses inside the chamber.
Jonas found a place to hide.
Jonas found a retirement place for Rima.
Jonas found a safe spot.
Jonas found a shoe with a foot in the toilet.
Jonas found a strange closet door in Rima’s basement.
Jonas found a suitable place to land.
Jonas found a tooth on the floor.
Jonas found a tribe of partially dressed people.
Jonas found an envelope addressed to Rima and picked it up.
Jonas found another apartment the next week.
Jonas found his grandmother talking to herself.
Jonas found many family portraits in that room.
Jonas found many more apes there.
Jonas found no signs of life there.
Jonas found out that Rima had died.
Jonas found that ridiculous.
Jonas found that the machine wasn’t working.
Jonas found the device.
Jonas found the key in the septic tank.
Jonas found the lost ship.
Jonas found the probe.
Jonas found the washing machine shaking back and forth.
Jonas framed Rima.
Jonas freed Rima.
Jonas freed himself from the chains.
Jonas freed the aliens.
Jonas frightened the crew.
Jonas gathered a team to search for Rima.
Jonas gathered everyone for dancing.
Jonas gathered his supplies and left the colony.
Jonas gave Rima a photo album.
Jonas gave Rima a teddy bear.
Jonas gave Rima a tour around the suburb.
Jonas gave Rima a wedding ring.
Jonas gave Rima enough time to escape.
Jonas gave Rima four days to solve the problem.
Jonas gave Rima medical help.
Jonas gave Rima something.
Jonas gave Rima time to escape.
Jonas gave his initial conclusions to the UN mission.
Jonas gave money to Rima.
Jonas gave the alien a small electric shock to awaken it.
Jonas gave the envelope to a coworker.
Jonas gave up his chase.
Jonas glanced at the clone.
Jonas got 911 on the phone and complained about that.
Jonas got Amelia out of the closet.
Jonas got a babysitter.
Jonas got a job in Algiers.
Jonas got a really bad headache.
Jonas got a restraining order against Amelia.
Jonas got an A+ on his Berber exam.
Jonas got annoyed.
Jonas got away from his captors.
Jonas got comfortable with the gun and shot Rima.
Jonas got cornered.
Jonas got devoured by the alien organism.
Jonas got dizzy and disorientated.
Jonas got free.
Jonas got hint of that.
Jonas got home from a long day of work.
Jonas got inside the car to escape.
Jonas got into Amelia's account.
Jonas got into an argument with Rima.
Jonas got mad at Father Walid.
Jonas got out of his bed at some odd hour in the night.
Jonas got pissed when he got stuck in traffic.
Jonas got ready to kill the alien.
Jonas got revenge for Rima’s death.
Jonas got seriously injured.
Jonas got shot.
Jonas got stranded in the sleeping pod.
Jonas got the hint.
Jonas got the longest jail sentence possible.
Jonas got under the bed.
Jonas got weaker and passed out.
Jonas grabbed Amelia by the collar of her shirt.
Jonas grabbed a candlestick to attack Rima.
Jonas grabbed a few essentials and abandoned the ship.
Jonas grabbed the alien organism and threw it away.
Jonas grabbed the crucifix and threw it away.
Jonas grabbed the lamp and threw it into the fuel tank.
Jonas greeted his mother.
Jonas grew too attached to the alien organism.
Jonas guaranteed Rima a minimum of eight figures.
Jonas hacked into Rima’s computer.
Jonas had a Confederate flag in his truck.
Jonas had a mere forty seconds left.
Jonas had a plan in mind.
Jonas had a romantic relationship with Rima.
Jonas had a roommate who could almost be his grandpa.
Jonas had a satellite phone to check in with his camp director every day.
Jonas had fair skin and black hair.
Jonas had gashes on his forehead.
Jonas had his brain liquefied.
Jonas had his truck parked off the trail.
Jonas had no choice.
Jonas had no idea about who killed Rima.
Jonas had no idea of that.
Jonas had no idea what Amelia could possibly be doing.
Jonas had no recollection of any of that stuff happening.
Jonas had no recollection of that.
Jonas had some sense knocked into him.
Jonas had strange feelings for Rima.
Jonas had the ability to see into the future.
Jonas had the hugest crush on Rima.
Jonas had to be sleepwalking again.
Jonas had to go to the bathroom.
Jonas handed Rima an envelope.
Jonas handed the key over to Rima.
Jonas handed the weapon to Rima.
Jonas happily gave Rima fifty thousand dinars as compensation.
Jonas happily told Rima that the job was done.
Jonas has Rima’s doll.
Jonas has a cozy home.
Jonas has a hideout.
Jonas has a lovely dog.
Jonas has a new greenhouse in Algiers.
Jonas has a package for Rima.
Jonas has a prosthetic eye.
Jonas has a weapon contract with the military.
Jonas has a wife waiting for him at home.
Jonas has aged around forty years while Rima was in space.
Jonas has all the time in the world.
Jonas has already drowned.
Jonas has already left the hireout.
Jonas has also died.
Jonas has been asking Rima to forget about Walid.
Jonas has been buying drinks for everyone.
Jonas has been expecting Rima.
Jonas has been good friends with a girl named Amelia for five years.
Jonas has been in Amelia's tent.
Jonas has been in bed for hours.
Jonas has been involved in archaeological research.
Jonas has been on the space station for a very long time.
Jonas has been possessed.
Jonas has been suspended.
Jonas has brought his spoilt son with him.
Jonas has bullets inside his body.
Jonas has dementia.
Jonas has enough time.
Jonas has faith.
Jonas has food and water for only four days.
Jonas has four days left.
Jonas has heard about the ghost ship.
Jonas has just finished setting the explosives.
Jonas has lived in luxury.
Jonas has made it home.
Jonas has more questions.
Jonas has moved in.
Jonas has never been inside that apartment before.
Jonas has never been to the movies before.
Jonas has power and position.
Jonas has seen Amelia go down the basement before.
Jonas has set Rima up for Walid’s murder.
Jonas has somehow been resurrected.
Jonas has stigmata.
Jonas has suffered from a breakdown.
Jonas has the messiest desktop I've ever seen.
Jonas has the weapon.
Jonas has to write well.
Jonas hasn’t contacted Rima since last week.
Jonas hasn’t returned from the laundry room.
Jonas headed back to the campsite.
Jonas headed back to the station.
Jonas headed home.
Jonas headed to Rima’s house the next day.
Jonas headed to a military camp.
Jonas headed to the campus.
Jonas headed to the engineering floor.
Jonas headed to the room.
Jonas heard Amelia walk away.
Jonas heard Rima’s shrieks of pleasure.
Jonas heard a creaking sound in the room.
Jonas heard a loud creak.
Jonas heard a man whispering outside his tent.
Jonas heard a splash into the water.
Jonas heard about the burning building.
Jonas heard about the statue in Algiers.
Jonas heard clear footsteps.
Jonas heard footsteps running behind him.
Jonas heard indistinct noises.
Jonas heard knocking from afar.
Jonas heard shuffling around his tent.
Jonas heard someone inside.
Jonas heard someone singing.
Jonas heard someone whispering his name.
Jonas heard something in the closet.
Jonas heard the front door opening.
Jonas heard the oncoming train.
Jonas heard the sirens.
Jonas heard the sound of metal chains.
Jonas heard the thunder crashing.
Jonas heard two men walking around the tent.
Jonas heard whispering again.
Jonas helped Amelia unload all her furniture into her little room.
Jonas helped Rima climb up.
Jonas helped Rima make lunch.
Jonas helped Rima train.
Jonas helped Rima unlock the airlock.
Jonas helped out with chores at home.
Jonas hesitated but agreed.
Jonas hid behind a nearby car.
Jonas hid under a truck.
Jonas hired Rima to assassinate Walid.
Jonas hired the best assassin in the prison.
Jonas hit Rima before she got the chance to explain herself.
Jonas hoisted Rima up.
Jonas hoped to save Rima.
Jonas hugged his mother.
Jonas hurried back to the ship.
Jonas hurriedly exited the pod.
Jonas identified the man holding a weapon from the video footage.
Jonas immediately activated the explosive.
Jonas immediately ran away.
Jonas immediately recognized the drifter.
Jonas implied that Walid was Rima’s biological father.
Jonas informed Rima about what he discovered at the bar.
Jonas initiated a kiss.
Jonas injected the alien organism with a growth hormone.
Jonas insisted he saw a strange creature in the woods.
Jonas insisted on leaving at once.
Jonas instructed Rima to call for help.
Jonas instructed Rima to escape through the tunnel.
Jonas instructed Rima to go to the library and look for that book.
Jonas instructed Rima to return to the ship.
Jonas intended to destroy the whole town.
Jonas interfered with Rima’s rules.
Jonas intervened and severely beat Walid.
Jonas introduced Rima as his daughter.
Jonas introduced Rima to his daughter.
Jonas invented a flying machine.
Jonas investigated where the opium came from.
Jonas invited Rima to gamble but she turned him down.
Jonas invited Walid to his gang.
Jonas is a Dominican.
Jonas is a Franciscan.
Jonas is a brilliant businessman.
Jonas is a demonic spirit.
Jonas is a drifter.
Jonas is a fellow tribesman.
Jonas is a living creature.
Jonas is a member of the historical society.
Jonas is a renowned architect.
Jonas is a sarcastic misanthropic pessimist.
Jonas is a scientist.
Jonas is a self-proclaimed atheist.
Jonas is a television producer.
Jonas is about to retire.
Jonas is all the time in the pool.
Jonas is already dead.
Jonas is already on the planet.
Jonas is also from the ghetto.
Jonas is also jealous of Walid.
Jonas is also known as "Doctor Nani."
Jonas is also known as the "Doctor."
Jonas is an Algerian newspaper editor.
Jonas is an operator.
Jonas is attracting too much attention.
Jonas is battling depression.
Jonas is becoming increasingly distant from Rima.
Jonas is being possessed again.
Jonas is breaking the law.
Jonas is celebrating his birthday.
Jonas is close to answering that question.
Jonas is coming to the house.
Jonas is from the FBI.
Jonas is funding the revolt.
Jonas is going to the movies.
Jonas is hiding under the bed.
Jonas is himself a clone.
Jonas is intrigued.
Jonas is nearly mimicking Rima’s actions.
Jonas is not here to hurt Rima.
Jonas is not wanted.
Jonas is now conscious.
Jonas is now free to do anything he wants.
Jonas is on life support.
Jonas is one of them.
Jonas is placed in a dimension between life and death.
Jonas is really scared for his well-being.
Jonas is secretly growing opium.
Jonas is still fixing the antenna.
Jonas is still focused on Rima.
Jonas is still the sheriff.
Jonas is still waiting in front of the fuel tank.
Jonas is the brain of the group.
Jonas is the geologist.
Jonas is the manor’s previous owner.
Jonas is the mastermind behind the entire massacre.
Jonas is the neighbor from across the street.
Jonas is the only human linking Rima to reality.
Jonas is walking around.
Jonas is, by now, long dead.
Jonas isn’t afraid of the dark.
Jonas isn’t angry at Rima.
Jonas isn’t interested in the rosary because he’s an atheist.
Jonas joined Rima and Walid.
Jonas joined Rima on the couch to sleep.
Jonas joined Rima’s tribe.
Jonas joined a gang.
Jonas joined a team of astronauts.
Jonas joined hands with Rima.
Jonas jumped on Rima and the two started wrestling like crazy.
Jonas jumped on the opportunity.
Jonas jumped up and looked out of the little window of the tent.
Jonas just continued to cry.
Jonas just left Rima.
Jonas just spoke normally.
Jonas just stared back at Rima.
Jonas just successfully finished his invention.
Jonas just wants to give Amelia her walkie-talkie.
Jonas just went back to sleep.
Jonas kept driving by slowly and looking at Amelia.
Jonas kept hearing noises in the woods around him.
Jonas kept it a secret.
Jonas kept knocking.
Jonas kept making those strange sounds.
Jonas kept on sprinting until he caught up to Amelia.
Jonas kept secrets from Rima.
Jonas kept the alien organism contained.
Jonas killed Rima in an instant.
Jonas killed Rima in her apartment.
Jonas killed everyone onboard.
Jonas killed over fourteen inmates.
Jonas killed the alien organism.
Jonas killed the majority of the crew members.
Jonas kissed Rima goodbye.
Jonas kissed Rima in response.
Jonas knew Amelia saw those pictures.
Jonas knew Amelia went in his room.
Jonas knew someone was inside the apartment.
Jonas knocked Walid out in one go.
Jonas knocked on the door and ran.
Jonas knocked on the door really hard.
Jonas knocked, then ran away and hid.
Jonas knows Rima’s father.
Jonas knows Rima’s location.
Jonas knows Rima’s secret.
Jonas knows the truth about humans.
Jonas laid Amelia down on her couch and left.
Jonas landed on the planet.
Jonas laughed at Rima and gave her a sarcastic answer.
Jonas launched himself into deep space.
Jonas launched the space pod.
Jonas leaned in to kiss Rima.
Jonas leant in for another kiss.
Jonas learnt Rima’s name.
Jonas learnt about the statue.
Jonas led Rima into the garden.
Jonas led Rima to a secluded section of the campus.
Jonas left Rima at the mercy of Walid.
Jonas left Rima in Walid’s care.
Jonas left Rima in tears.
Jonas left Rima in the library.
Jonas left Rima speechless.
Jonas left his wife.
Jonas left in frustration.
Jonas left the Earth.
Jonas left the airlock.
Jonas left the apartment.
Jonas left the man to die.
Jonas left the planet.
Jonas left the room early.
Jonas left with Rima.
Jonas left with his wife.
Jonas let Amelia stay with him for a few weeks.
Jonas let Rima escape first.
Jonas let Rima escape.
Jonas let out a scream and ran out of the room.
Jonas lifted the lever.
Jonas listened to Rima’s testimony.
Jonas listened to the rain.
Jonas listened to what Amelia was doing in the bathroom.
Jonas lit the alien on fire until it died.
Jonas lived a block down from Amelia.
Jonas lived in a middle-class suburb.
Jonas lived paycheck to paycheck.
Jonas lives on the other side of the forbidden zone.
Jonas located the source of the transmission.
Jonas locked himself back inside.
Jonas locked himself in the bathroom.
Jonas locked himself out.
Jonas looked around the basement.
Jonas looked around the bathroom.
Jonas looked around, looking for Rima.
Jonas looked at Rima coolly.
Jonas looked at himself.
Jonas looked at his clock and it was five am.
Jonas looked at the bottle closely.
Jonas looked at the closet where that noise was coming from.
Jonas looked away.
Jonas looked for the source of the song.
Jonas lost communication.
Jonas lost contact with Rima.
Jonas lost control.
Jonas lost his focus.
Jonas lost his son in a car accident.
Jonas loves nature.
Jonas made his way downstairs.
Jonas made it to his truck and drove away from there.
Jonas managed to get 911 on the phone.
Jonas managed to swim to shore.
Jonas met Amelia during Christmas break.
Jonas met Amelia in one of his college classes.
Jonas moved in the next week.
Jonas moved into that apartment because it was convenient and already furnished.
Jonas moved out from home.
Jonas moved out of the dorms.
Jonas must have been sleepwalking.
Jonas muted his laptop and heard that strange noise again.
Jonas nearly hit Amelia with his truck.
Jonas needed a place to crash for a couple nights.
Jonas needed to evict Amelia immediately.
Jonas never answered that question.
Jonas never helped Rima escape.
Jonas never talked about work.
Jonas never tried to contact Amelia.
Jonas never went ding-dong ditching after that.
Jonas never went down there.
Jonas noticed a camera in the corner of the room.
Jonas noticed that his duffel bag was moved.
Jonas opened one of the pictures.
Jonas opened the folder, expecting to find nudes and porn pictures.
Jonas peeked outside.
Jonas picked up Amelia's phone and started going through it.
Jonas played cool and greeted Amelia, but she didn't respond.
Jonas plays ding-dong ditch with his friends.
Jonas probably wasn't going to be friendly at all.
Jonas proposed to Amelia at the campsite.
Jonas pulled off beside Amelia and offered her help.
Jonas pulled out of the campsite.
Jonas put out the fire and went to bed.
Jonas quickly approached Amelia.
Jonas ran back to the bush.
Jonas ran downstairs to grab the biggest kitchen knife he had.
Jonas ran into Amelia cooking eggs in the kitchen.
Jonas ran the bell like fifty times, but Amelia ignored it.
Jonas ran to Amelia's room, screaming.
Jonas ran to the bathroom and locked himself in.
Jonas rang the bell a bunch of times.
Jonas rang the bell and chuckled.
Jonas rang the bell at least twice.
Jonas rang the doorbell like five times then ran away.
Jonas realized that he forgot his laptop.
Jonas really liked to do some crazy things such as ding-dong ditching.
Jonas remembered to lock everything in his house.
Jonas requested a new roommate immediately.
Jonas said he didn't remember any of it.
Jonas sat in the living room.
Jonas sat up, rubbing his eyes.
Jonas saw Amelia sitting upright on her bed.
Jonas saw a black hole in the wall opposite him.
Jonas saw a boat with a searchlight on it.
Jonas saw a figure standing at the edge of his bed in the dark.
Jonas saw no one on his front deck.
Jonas saw the man chasing him.
Jonas saw the panic in Amelia's eyes.
Jonas screamed a high-pitched scream like a girl.
Jonas seemed off to Amelia right away.
Jonas set up a campfire and waited for Amelia.
Jonas should just check that out with his flashlight.
Jonas showed Amelia the video and she was truly scared.
Jonas shrugged it off as us being paranoid.
Jonas shut his laptop.
Jonas signed an application.
Jonas smiled the most terrifyingly evil smile at Amelia.
Jonas spent most of the day shopping for groceries.
Jonas spent the season in the Rocky Mountains.
Jonas spoke directly to Amelia from outside the tent.
Jonas sprinted as fast as he could.
Jonas stared at Amelia intently.
Jonas stared at the basement door.
Jonas started hearing ticking sounds.
Jonas started looking into missing person cases in the area.
Jonas started making ticking noises.
Jonas started noticing the flashes again.
Jonas started searching Amelia's room.
Jonas started to chase the truck.
Jonas started to feel incredibly uncomfortable.
Jonas started to run away and Amelia followed him.
Jonas started watching Netflix on his laptop.
Jonas stepped closer to the hole.
Jonas stepped out of the tent.
Jonas still gets chills thinking about that.
Jonas straight up accused Amelia of going through his bag.
Jonas takes a lot of medication.
Jonas thought about that a lot over the years.
Jonas thought he saw something moving inside the hole.
Jonas told Amelia a lot of personal stuff he didn't tell other people.
Jonas told Amelia to get in his truck.
Jonas told Amelia to go to the back door.
Jonas told Amelia to stay absolutely still.
Jonas told Amelia to stay out of the basement.
Jonas told his friends to all run back to his house.
Jonas took a picture of the room and ran out of there.
Jonas took a ride to Algiers to view the apartment.
Jonas took pictures of Amelia's duffel bag.
Jonas took shelter in Amelia's backyard.
Jonas tried pulling Amelia inside the house.
Jonas tried ringing the bell.
Jonas turned off his walkie-talkie.
Jonas turned off the fan for a minute and listened.
Jonas turned the fan back on.
Jonas turned the fan off quickly.
Jonas usually kept the door shut.
Jonas visited many provincial parks.
Jonas waited downstairs until the cops showed up.
Jonas waited for Amelia to get back.
Jonas waited for Amelia to walk away.
Jonas waited for the door to open.
Jonas waited on the couch.
Jonas walked away from Amelia's door.
Jonas walked away from the window.
Jonas walked back to his room.
Jonas walked into Amelia's room.
Jonas walked up to the stoep, rang the bell, then ran away.
Jonas wanted to be anywhere but in his house at that moment.
Jonas was a sick twisted stalker.
Jonas was a stupid fifteen-year-old.
Jonas was able to lock the door.
Jonas was about to piss himself.
Jonas was ages standing out there.
Jonas was an idiot for not calling the sheriff sooner.
Jonas was asking Amelia to come inside.
Jonas was carrying a large hunting knife.
Jonas was catching his breath on the porch.
Jonas was definitely smart enough to realize it was a trap.
Jonas was doing some free camping in the area.
Jonas was drunk after a night of drinking.
Jonas was extremely thirsty.
Jonas was given a new room the next day.
Jonas was holding a large knife in his hand.
Jonas was in Amelia's closet that night.
Jonas was in the process of clearing any evidence from the crime scene, but he wasn't quick enough.
Jonas was inside Amelia's apartment.
Jonas was interested in renting.
Jonas was just glaring at Amelia and muttering.
Jonas was just trying to be nice.
Jonas was like forty or something.
Jonas was like forty years old.
Jonas was lucky he got away OK.
Jonas was obviously asleep.
Jonas was obviously very worried for Amelia.
Jonas was off from work.
Jonas was on his second night of his camping trip.
Jonas was out already.
Jonas was packing quickly.
Jonas was screaming for his parents.
Jonas was screaming right in front of our campsite.
Jonas was seriously hurt.
Jonas was simply John's temporary roommate.
Jonas was so drunk that he was approaching random girls and telling them stupid things.
Jonas was spraying Amelia's window with a hose.
Jonas was sprinting on the road.
Jonas was standing in the corner of Amelia's room.
Jonas was standing in the hallway.
Jonas was standing over Amelia's bed.
Jonas was still on the phone with Amelia.
Jonas was still running away from that man.
Jonas was subletting his apartment with five bedroom.
Jonas was talking to two tall white men.
Jonas was too afraid to turn around.
Jonas was too comfortable and lazy to look outside.
Jonas was too loud.
Jonas was trying to comfort Amelia while he called the police.
Jonas was very old-fashioned.
Jonas was watching Amelia undress through the walls of the tent.
Jonas was watching Netflix in the living room.
Jonas was well prepared lead a group of teenagers at a summer camp.
Jonas wasn't even an actual landlord. He didn't own that apartment.
Jonas wasn't expecting to be disturbed.
Jonas wasn't giving into Amelia's prank.
Jonas wasn't on the couch.
Jonas wasn't someone John was going to vibe with easily.
Jonas watched some Netflix on the couch.
Jonas watched videos on his phone until around five.
Jonas went as fast as he could down the stairs.
Jonas went back to his mom's house.
Jonas went inside the bedroom.
Jonas went to Amelia's door, knocked lightly twice, then pushed the door open.
Jonas went to check the room with Amelia.
Jonas went to ring the doorbell.
Jonas went to the dining hall.
Jonas will be staying one more night at our place.
Jonas will have a roommate.
Jonas will never know about that.
Jonas will probably be seeing Amelia tomorrow.
Jonas woke up when he heard the front door to the apartment open again.
Jonas worked at many different summer camps.
Jonas wrapped up the tent with his belongings still in it.
Jonas yelled at Amelia to leave him alone.
Jonas's and Amelia's tents were fifty yards apart.
Jonas's arm reached out from the darkness and grabbed Amelia by the collar.
Jonas's backpack was open and moved.
Jonas's disappearance went unreported.
Jonas's door had no lock.
Jonas's door was cracked open and the light was on.
Jonas's fiancee is black.
Jonas's garage door was open.
Jonas's heart suddenly started racing.
Jonas's heart was already racing.
Jonas's house is more archaic-looking than the rest.
Jonas's laptop was open on the bed.
Jonas's new roommate was like a breath of fresh air.
Jonas's phone was on and unlocked.
Jonas's roommate's name is John.
Jonas, lead Rima into the garden.
Jonathan Bethony visited Senegal to learn West African drumming, but became more interested in working with local farmers.
Jonathan Chait was a cheerleader for the War in Iraq, and he continues to be smugly wrong about everything.
Jonathan Swift would defend me.
Jonathan and his brothers built many snowmen.
Jonathan discovered a passion for baking.
Jonathan ended up living in a small desert village.
Jonathan was booked because he got into a fight with a player on the other team.
Jonathan was sentenced to death and brought to the gallows.
Jonathan will start the race in pole position.
Jones bettered the 100 meter breaststroke record Friday, with a time of one minute 5.71 seconds.
Jones is not the first speaker.
Jones is well qualified for the job.
Jones isn’t the first speaker.
Jones says this annual luncheon offers a chance to relax after months of promoting the movie.
Jones was born in the US.
Jones was born in the United States.
Jordan Neely was a homeless, mentally ill Black man who was murdered by a white psychopath.
Jordan Neely was murdered.
Jordan Neely would still be alive if we armed the homeless.
Jordan Peterson is a Jungian, which means he's full of shit.
Jordan Peterson is a joke.
Jordan Peterson is a weird mystic who bases his ideas on the discredited pseudoscience of Carl Jung.
Jordan Peterson is an expert on Jungian archetypes and other bullshit with no relation to anybody's lives.
Jordan Peterson is harassed on campus.
Jordan Peterson is right about that.
Jordan Peterson isn't harassed on campus enough.
Jordan Peterson refuses to use gender-neutral pronouns.
Jordan Peterson talks like Kermit the Frog.
Jordan Peterson was a mediocre academic ignored by his peers, so he became a self-help guru.
Jordan Peterson wasn't ever famous until he started ranting about pronouns.
Jordan Peterson's academic work is extremely postmodern.
Jordan is called "Al-Urdun" in Arabic.
Jordan lost the West Bank to Israel in the 1967 Six-Day War.
Jordan, who began his NBA career in 1984, is a highly marketable athlete who has starred in movies and endorsed products.
Jorge Luis Borges spoke English and Spanish since one of his grandmothers was an Englishwoman.
Jorge Luis Borges was born in Buenos Aires in 1899.
Jorge can speak four languages.
Jorge is able to speak four languages.
Jorge is such a beautiful name.
Jorge speaks four languages.
Jorge waited an hour at customs.
Jorgen loves his wife.
Joro spiders apparently eat brown marmorated stinkbugs.
Joro spiders are headed our way.
Jose chose atheism and he never regretted it.
Jose has a huge appetite. He just ate and he says he's already hungry.
Jose is lactose intolerant.
Jose is one of the suspects of murdering a cab driver in Rio de Janeiro.
Jose muttered the answer to the question asked by the teacher.
Jose screamed “man on” when he saw a player from the opposition behind Marcello.
Jose wants to eat jocotes.
Jose, Anna, hello.
Joseph Conrad wrote "Heart of Darkness" in part based on his personal experience in Belgian Congo.
Joseph Goebbels was the Nazi minister of Public Enlightenment and Propaganda.
Joseph Haydn was born in Rohrau, a little Austrian village not far from Hainburg.
Joseph Haydn, the composer, was born in 1732, the same year as George Washington, the first president of the United States of America.
Joseph Mobutu seized power and declared himself president in a November 1965 coup.
Joseph Roberts, a man who was held up as an example of "the excesses of #MeToo" because he was barred from a campus for harassing women online and in person, has been charged with murdering and dismembering his girlfriend.
Joseph Smith had to move his people many times.
Joseph and companion would run.
Joseph answered: God forbid that I should do so: he that stole the cup, he shall be my bondman: and go you away free to your father.
Joseph answered: The king's dream is one: God hath shewn to Pharaoh what he is about to do.
Joseph answered: This is the interpretation of the dream: The three baskets, are yet three days, after which Pharaoh will take thy head from thee, and hang thee on a cross, and the birds shall tear thy flesh.
Joseph answered: This is the interpretation of the dream: The three branches are yet three days, after which Pharaoh will remember thy service, and will restore thee to thy former place: and thou shalt present him the cup according to thy office, as before thou was wont to do.
Joseph answered: Without me, God shall give Pharaoh a prosperous answer.
Joseph assigned to his nephew his interest in the tontine, already quite a hopeful speculation.
Joseph can say "I love you" in fifteen languages.
Joseph can say 'I love you' in five languages.
Joseph can't play soccer. He trips on the ball and mixes everything up.
Joseph could no longer refrain himself before many that stood by: whereupon he commanded that all should go out, and no stranger be present at their knowing one another.
Joseph fled to Egypt.
Joseph has a limp.
Joseph is a growing son, a growing son and comely to behold: the daughters run to and fro upon the wall.
Joseph is a skilled economist.
Joseph is an accomplished artist, whose skills include painting and drawing.
Joseph is in the garden.
Joseph is not in the house.
Joseph is now a member of the party.
Joseph says he heard a call from death.
Joseph was made captain.
Joseph was raised in a polygamous family.
Joseph will arbitrate the game.
Joseph would run.
Joseph, Jacob, Isaac, Ishmael, and Abraham were prophets of God.
Joseph, when he was sixteen years old, was feeding the flock with his brethren, being but a boy: and he was with the sons of Bala and of Zelpha his father's wives: and he accused his brethren to his father of a most wicked crime.
Josephine came to the U.S. from Germany over 20 years ago.
Josephus was not an impartial historian.
Josh Helston glittered in the morning sunshine like a harlequin in a limelight, for he was spangled from head to foot with the loose silvery scales of the pilchards caught during the night, and on many another night during the past few weeks.
Josh asked me out, but I told him where to go.
Josh had surgery to attach the liver to the small intestine so the bile could drain.
Josh is cooking tapsilog.
Josh said that Moses wrote about him.
Joshua James was a bartender for years, making drinks at a traditional bar. But, he opened his own business after being treated for drug and alcohol abuse.
Joshua Moon, the owner of Kiwifarms, hosted an imageboard for pedophiles.
Joshua Pye has gone and painted the hall blue instead of green. . . a deep, brilliant blue, the shade they use for painting carts and wheelbarrows. And Mrs. Lynde says it is the most hideous color for a building, especially when combined with a red roof, that she ever saw or imagined.
Joshua got up early in the morning.
Joshua is gay.
Joshua is in charge today.
Josiah was eight years old when he began to reign, and he reigned in Jerusalem one and thirty years.
Josie Pye dared Jane Andrews to hop on her left leg around the garden without stopping once or putting her right foot to the ground.
Josie Pye is sulky because she didn't get the part she wanted in the dialogue. She wanted to be the fairy queen.
Josip Broz Tito was the President of Yugoslavia from 1953 to 1980.
Jostaberries are a hybrid cross of blackcurrant with gooseberry, and they're at least as tasty as they're unknown.
Josue did as Moses had spoken, and he fought against Amalec; but Moses, and Aaron, and Hur, went up upon the top of the hill.
JosÃ© showed himself to be a person of bad character.
José Raúl Capablanca was one of the most brilliant chess players of all time. He was Cuban.
José and Maria are the godparents of my youngest son.
José and Mary are dancing lambada on the teacher table.
José cannot speak at the moment; please call later.
José eats chili.
José fell, but he only scraped his knee.
José is my Spanish-speaking Mexican friend. He is a poet. He knows also the Nahuatl language. He knows that also I know a bit of the ancient classical language.
José is not in a position to speak right now; please call later.
José likes latin music.
José said he wasn't afraid of death because soon he would reach the kingdom of heaven.
José says he wants to die before the Third World War.
José scored a header.
José showed himself to be a person of bad character.
José was sentenced to seven years in prison for attempted homicide.
José's healthy is very compromised.
José's paternal grandparents are dead.
Joséphine had a passion for roses.
Joséphine's first husband was guillotined during the French Revolution.
Jot it down in your notebook.
Jot this down.
Journalism is dead.
Journalism is literature in a hurry.
Journalism is printing what someone else does not want printed. Everything else is public relations.
Journalism is the ability to stay silent on some things while printing others.
Journalism is the first rough draft of history.
Journalism largely consists in saying 'Lord Jones Dead' to people who never knew Lord Jones was alive.
Journalism largely consists in saying ’Lord Jones Dead’ to people who never knew Lord Jones was alive.
Journalism should at least be a little biased.
Journalism today has changed a lot.
Journalist Skura Amzil joins us from the Algerian city of Bejaia.
Journalist and author Beppe Severgnini wrote this week a column for The New York Times, noting that most young and middle-aged Italians have no firsthand experience of war or epidemics, unlike their elders, who suffered greatly during the Second World War and after.
Journalistic spin heavily affects everyday discourse.
Journalistic text is not a literary work.
Journalists and lawyers can't get in.
Journalists and researchers have talked about a "libertarian-to-alt-right pipeline," where people holding what they claim are firm beliefs in individual liberties are slowly drawn to overt opposition to the liberties of women and minority groups.
Journalists are being killed indiscriminately.
Journalists are greedy for sensations.
Journalists are people who believe that you can refine an announcement if you call it a report.
Journalists are waging a sustained fight against censorship.
Journalists bombarded him with questions at the press conference.
Journalists came up to Ziri and interviewed him.
Journalists can't ignore credible sources.
Journalists collect information with the goal of providing the most accurate version of events.
Journalists collect information with the goal of providing the most accurate version of events. They talk to sources, dig through information, and provide accurate documents to back up their stories.
Journalists find that information become easy to obtain thanks to the Internet.
Journalists have only just made it into the war-torn city, where much of the fighting in the war took place.
Journalists must be careful that seeking balance doesn’t lead to unfair reporting, or setting up an unfair moral equivalency or balance, between unequal sides in an argument.
Journalists need to be careful not to misrepresent information.
Journalists will use English-language platforms to inform international readers about the situation their athletes are facing.
Journalists, if they're honest and capable, are among the strongest guardians of democracy.
Journeys end in lovers meeting.
Journeys to the islands are not cheap.
Joy I can't describe with words alone.
Joy and grief alternate in my breast.
Joy and smiles are the summer of life.
Joy can only arise out of lack of knowledge.
Joy is like spring, for it makes human nature blossom.
Joy is the simplest form of gratitude.
Joy is the simplest form of thankfulness.
Joy makes life worth living.
Joy shared is joy doubled.
Joy to the world! The Lord is come.
Joy was manifest on the child's face.
Joy was manifest on the child’s face.
Joy was mingled with sorrow.
Joy will not last forever.
Joy, beautiful spark of the gods, daughter of Elysium, we approach fire-drunk, heavenly One, your shrine.
Joy, love and sun are inside my heart.
Joyful let the soul be in the present, let it disdain to trouble about what is beyond and temper bitterness with a laugh. Nothing is blessed forever.
João accused his best friend of being a thief.
João and Maria broke up last week.
João guessed every solution in the exam.
João has a great sense of humor.
João is a good boy.
João owns a farm the size of this neighbourhood.
João passed on all subjects.
João was sentenced for homicide.
Juan Bosch was elected president in 1962 but was deposed in a military coup in 1963.
Juan Carlos is the father of the current king of Spain.
Juan and Maria are playing dominoes.
Juan ate pork.
Juan broke a window yesterday.
Juan brought the newspaper.
Juan can't help me.
Juan colored his house black.
Juan de la Cierva invented the autogyro and the principles to make a helicopter work.
Juan decided to stop lying.
Juan deserves a raise.
Juan didn't speak much French.
Juan died from tuberculosis.
Juan doesn't always know who to vote for.
Juan doesn't have a brother.
Juan doesn't have his own house.
Juan doesn't know that Maria is his daughter.
Juan doesn't know who to vote for yet.
Juan doesn't want to work.
Juan doesn’t have a brother.
Juan fell out of the building while he was sweeping the balcony of his apartment.
Juan finally felt like he was living a more authentic life.
Juan gave me a trip to Cariló for my birthday.
Juan has a piggy bank that he keeps coins in.
Juan has a scar on his left cheek.
Juan has dinner.
Juan has supper.
Juan is 35 years old today.
Juan is a Brazilian citizen.
Juan is a Mexican citizen.
Juan is a medical student.
Juan is a student.
Juan is from Paraguay. He is Paraguayan.
Juan is getting dressed.
Juan is going to vote for the first time.
Juan is reading the Gospel according to Matthew.
Juan is sad.
Juan is the bank's administrative manager.
Juan loves music.
Juan made it to the airport by this morning.
Juan put aside his humanism.
Juan speaks Asturian.
Juan started fighting cancer at age thirty-two.
Juan started studying English when he was seventy-five years old.
Juan still doesn't know who to vote for.
Juan was Costa Rican, whilst Pierre and Jack came from RÃ©union and South Africa respectively.
Juan was Costa Rican, whilst Pierre and Jack came from Réunion and South Africa respectively.
Juan was born in June.
Juan was my best friend. I don't know what I'd do in this world without him.
Juan was my best friend. I don’t know what to do in this world without him.
Juan worked as an assistant to a lawyer.
Juan works for a German company.
Juan's daughter became a nun.
Juan's got a scar on his left cheek.
Juan's shirt is as elegant as mine.
Juana couldn't figure out why the app wasn't working, so she decided to poke around in the settings.
Juana prints shirts and sells them to pay for her university studies.
Juanito has four sisters.
Juan’s shirt is as elegant as mine.
Juba II was a philosopher king.
Juba II was a scholar king.
Juba II wrote scientific books.
Juba II wrote whenever he found the time.
Juba is the capital of South Sudan.
Juba was a learned king.
Juda answered: The man declared unto us with the attestation of an oath, saying: You shall not see my face, unless you bring your youngest brother with you.
Juda is a lion's whelp: to the prey, my son, thou art gone up: resting thou hast couched as a lion, and as a lioness, who shall rouse him?
Juda said: Let her take it to herself, surely she cannot charge us with a lie, I sent the kid which I promised: and thou didst not find her.
Juda said: What wilt thou have for a pledge? She answered: Thy ring and bracelet, and the staff which thou holdest in thy hand.
Juda, thee shall thy brethren praise: thy hand shall be on the necks of thy enemies; the sons of thy father shall bow down to thee.
Juda, therefore, said to Onan his son: Go in to thy brother's wife and marry her, that thou mayst raise seed to thy brother.
Judaeo-German is a German ethnolect written in the Hebrew alphabet.
Judaeo-German is written in the Hebrew alphabet.
Judaeo-German isn't German.
Judah went into exile because of suffering and great servitude; she settled among the nations and did not find rest; all of her pursuers overtook her between the borders.
Judah went into exile in pain and in great servitude; she sits between the peoples, finding no rest; all of her pursuers have cornered her.
Judaism and Buddhism both emphasize moderation.
Judaism and Buddhism both forbid murder, theft, sexual misconduct, and malicious speech.
Judaism and Buddhism each have their own set of mystical practices and forms of meditation.
Judaism and Christianity are Middle Eastern religions closely related to Islam.
Judaism and Samaritanism are ethnoreligions.
Judaism changed from patrilineal to matrilineal on account of widespread rape of Jewish women.
Judaism defies easy categorization.
Judaism doesn't believe in heritable original sin.
Judaism doesn't believe in perfect people.
Judaism has inspired a lot of other religions.
Judaism has more resemblance to Christianity than to Buddhism.
Judaism has no successor.
Judaism includes the belief that everyone is born innocent.
Judaism is a complete religion.
Judaism is a monotheistic religion.
Judaism is a really great religion.
Judaism is a religion that Jewish people follow.
Judaism is a religion.
Judaism is a religion. Zionism is an ideology.
Judaism is a threat.
Judaism is a tribal religion.
Judaism is a very cool religion.
Judaism is an endless string of questions.
Judaism is beautiful.
Judaism is closer to Islam than to Christianity.
Judaism is dangerous.
Judaism is more like Christianity than it is like Buddhism.
Judaism is more of a religious community.
Judaism is more than a religion, but it is also a religion.
Judaism is not the opposite of Christianity.
Judaism is the closest religion to Islam.
Judaism is the religion of the Jews.
Judaism is the successor to Judaism.
Judaism is the traditional religion of the Jewish people.
Judaism isn't a proselytizing religion.
Judaism isn't a race.
Judaism isn't exactly a race.
Judaism isn't really the opposite of Christianity.
Judaism prefers actions to belief.
Judaism sees Satan as tempting people for the sake of heaven.
Judaism was the first religion of the Berbers in North Africa before the arrival of Christianity.
Judaism's "holiday season" is in the fall.
Judaize me.
Judas betrayed Christ.
Judas could no otherways betray him than by giving information where he was, and pointing him out to the officers that went to arrest him.
Jude addressed them, inquiring if they had come from Christminster. "Heaven forbid, with this load!" said they.
Jude continued his walk homeward alone, pondering so deeply that he forgot to feel timid.
Jude controlled himself sufficiently long to make sure of the truth; and he repeated, in a voice of dry misery, "You haven't brought 'em!"
Jude dropped behind.
Jude flung down the books, lay backward along the broad trunk of the elm, and was an utterly miserable boy for the space of a quarter of an hour.
Jude had one day seen him selling a pot of coloured lard to an old woman as a certain cure for a bad leg, the woman arranging to pay a guinea, in instalments of a shilling a fortnight, for the precious salve, which, according to the physician, could only be obtained from a particular animal which grazed on Mount Sinai, and was to be captured only at great risk to life and limb.
Jude, beginning to feel lonely, endeavoured to keep up with him.
Jude, though he already had his doubts about this gentleman's medicines, felt him to be unquestionably a travelled personage, and one who might be a trustworthy source of information on matters not strictly professional.
Jude, throwing a last adoring look at the distant halo, turned and walked beside his remarkably well-informed friend, who had no objection to telling him as they moved on more yet of the city—its towers and halls and churches.
Judeo-Spanish, Djudio, Djudezmo or Ladino is the favoured language for Sephardic Jews expelled from Spain in 1492.
Judeo-Tat is separate from Judeo-Persian.
Judge Dan Anderson started questioning Linda.
Judge Parker had no chance to win the election.
Judge Salvador was of the school that thought stiff sentences were a deterrent.
Judge a man by his questions rather than by his answers.
Judge by the result.
Judge for yourself and you won't be judged.
Judge for yourself!
Judge for yourself.
Judge him by what he does, not by his appearance.
Judge me on what I can do, not by how I look.
Judge not lest ye be judged.
Judge not the goal that someone has attained, but the path he has taken to reach it.
Judge not, that ye be not judged. For with what judgment ye judge, ye shall be judged: and with what measure ye mete, it shall be measured to you again.
Judge not, that ye may not be judged, for in what judgment ye judge, ye shall be judged, and in what measure ye measure, it shall be measured to you.
Judge people by the company they keep.
Judge people not by age, but by behavior. Years are deceptive.
Judge: "Mr. Tom, what is your greatest weakness?" Tom: "Honesty." Judge: "I don't think that honesty is a weakness." Tom: "Honestly, I don't give a shit what you think."
Judgement will be given tomorrow.
Judges don't have to shoot from the hip. They have the leisure to think, to decide.
Judges have a lot of authority.
Judges often use gavels.
Judges on the Supreme Court interpret the laws.
Judging by her expression, she looked worried.
Judging by his appearance, he seems to be a beggar.
Judging by that great tan, it looks like you spent most of your vacation on the beach.
Judging by the degree of decay of the remains, the horse was shot about a week ago.
Judging by the news, some mess is going on in Russia.
Judging by the photo, it is a very old house.
Judging by the photograph, this was an adult male.
Judging by the size of this footprint, I'd say the perp is about six feet tall.
Judging by the size of this footprint, I’d say the perp is about six feet tall.
Judging by the sky, we'll have beautiful weather.
Judging by the swelling, the man must have been bitten by a snake.
Judging by the way the sky looks, we're sure to have good weather.
Judging by their faces, David's appearance shocked them right away.
Judging by what I’ve heard.
Judging by what everyone says about him, I think he is just the right man for the post.
Judging by your reply, I think you didn't understand the question.
Judging by your silence, you're not pleased with my answer.
Judging from all reports, she seems to be right for the job.
Judging from current situations, this task will not be finished until next week.
Judging from her appearance, I think that she's rich.
Judging from her appearance, I think that she’s rich.
Judging from her appearance, she seems to be very rich.
Judging from her letter, she seems to be well.
Judging from his accent, he is from Kansai.
Judging from his accent, he must be from Kyushu.
Judging from his accent, he must be from Osaka.
Judging from his appearance, he is ill.
Judging from his appearance, he is sick.
Judging from his appearance, he may be a soldier.
Judging from his appearance, he must be a rich man.
Judging from his appearance, he must be the conductor.
Judging from his clothes, Robert was on the soccer team.
Judging from his expression, I reckon he managed it.
Judging from his expression, he is in a bad mood.
Judging from his expression, he is not telling the truth.
Judging from his expression, he's in a bad mood.
Judging from his expression, he’s in a bad mood.
Judging from his manner, he is not suitable for this job.
Judging from his report, the project seems to be going well.
Judging from how the sky looks, there could be a downpour any moment.
Judging from how the sky looks, we might have a downpour any moment.
Judging from how the sky looks, we'll be having fine weather.
Judging from how the sky looks, we're going to be in for some good weather.
Judging from how the sky looks, we’ll be having fine weather.
Judging from how the sky looks, we’re going to be in for some good weather.
Judging from how they're dressed, I'd guess they don't have much money.
Judging from how you did on the exam, you probably should've studied harder.
Judging from the current situation, this project is sure to succeed.
Judging from the current situation, we cannot complete the task in time.
Judging from the expression on her face, she is worried.
Judging from the expression on her face, she was worried.
Judging from the look of the sky, it is going to snow.
Judging from the look of the sky, it is likely to rain.
Judging from the look of the sky, it may rain at any moment.
Judging from the look of the sky, it may rain this afternoon.
Judging from the look of the sky, it will be fine tomorrow.
Judging from the look of the sky, it will clear up in the afternoon.
Judging from the look of the sky, it'll be fine tomorrow.
Judging from the look of the sky, it's likely to rain.
Judging from the look of the sky, we may have snow tomorrow.
Judging from the look of the sky, we might have a shower before nightfall.
Judging from the look on Tom's face, I'd say he's not happy.
Judging from the look on his face, it seems that he has succeeded.
Judging from the present look of the sky, we may have a downpour any moment.
Judging from the sky, I think it's going to snow.
Judging from the sky, I'd say it's going to start raining soon.
Judging from the sky, it will rain soon.
Judging from the sky, it'll rain soon.
Judging from the way Tom looks, I'd say he must be exhausted.
Judging from the way that sky looks, it'll clear up in the afternoon.
Judging from the way the sky's looking, we might be having a downpour any minute.
Judging from these comments, it would seem that this sentence should be corrected.
Judging from this.
Judging from those facts, Mr Mori must be a wealthy person.
Judging from what everyone says, it's the truth.
Judging from what he said to me, his mind seems to be made up.
Judging from what he says, he seems to be a man of ability.
Judging from what she says, he is satisfied to a great extent.
Judging from what she says, he's guilty.
Judging from what you have seen of him, this fellow is not a coward.
Judging from what you say, he may succeed.
Judging from what you say, he must be a great scholar.
Judging from what you say, he must be a great writer.
Judging others often clouds our ability to empathize.
Judging others only reflects your insecurities.
Judging someone based on their sexual preferences is unfair and perpetuates discrimination.
Judgment can harm relationships.
Judgment requires impartiality.
Judit Polgár is the most important chess player in Hungary.
Judit is a stronger chess player than Zsuzsa.
Judit left us in the lurch.
Judit took the rook and led it to a7, but just before releasing it she changed her mind and left it at a3.
Judit's pronunciation of German is fantastic.
Judith is pleased with it.
Judith spends all of her time here except sleeping, eating and going to the bathroom.
Judith's German accent is beautiful.
Judo is a Japanese martial art.
Judo is a discipline that emphasizes respect and honor.
Judo is not only good for young people's health but also very useful in forming their personalities.
Judo is not only good for young people’s health but also very useful in forming their personalities.
Judy dances very well.
Judy decided to wear her new bikini.
Judy is a most clever student.
Judy is a very clever student.
Judy is a very intelligent student.
Judy is fond of dancing.
Judy is kind to everyone.
Judy is looking at me.
Judy is smart.
Judy is the only woman at this assembly.
Judy is the only woman at this convention.
Judy is the only woman on the board.
Judy isn't a good singer, is she?
Judy isn’t a good singer, is she?
Judy laughed at me.
Judy likes him.
Judy looked at me.
Judy looks as if she's seen a ghost.
Judy sent her children to bed.
Judy smiled at me.
Judy spends a lot of time looking in the mirror.
Judy spent hours on end writing and rewriting her essay.
Judy was born on the morning of September 5.
Judy will talk about Japan tomorrow.
Judy’s memory is patchy, her speech is slurred.
Juggalos, as supporters of the rap group Insane Clown Posse are known, gather in front of the Lincoln Memorial in Washington during a rally, Saturday, Sept. 16, 2017, to protest and demand that the FBI rescind its classification of the juggalos as "loosely organized hybrid gang."
Juggling is actually a lot easier than it looks.
Juggling is actually far easier than it looks.
Juggling is another thing I'm not very good at.
Juggling is another thing I’m not very good at.
Jugo is a southwestern wind, isn't it?
Jugo is a southwestern wind, isn’t it?
Jugurtha and Rome were bitter enemies.
Jugurtha augmented his power.
Jugurtha came to the throne after Micipsa's death.
Jugurtha came to the throne after his uncle Micipsa's death.
Jugurtha came to the throne after his uncle's death.
Jugurtha came very close to kicking the Romans out of North Africa.
Jugurtha carefully studied the Romans' movements.
Jugurtha caused the Romans enormous losses.
Jugurtha conducted a war against the Romans.
Jugurtha defeated Roman troops.
Jugurtha demonstrated his impressive military talent in Spain.
Jugurtha despised the corrupt Roman Senate.
Jugurtha directed a campaign against the Romans in North Africa.
Jugurtha directed the assassination of his cousin.
Jugurtha faced the powerful Romans.
Jugurtha fought for the independence of Numidia.
Jugurtha gained fame as a brave warrior in Spain.
Jugurtha got off his horse and joined his men in the battle.
Jugurtha had been fighting Rome for 7 years.
Jugurtha had military experience.
Jugurtha has become a symbol of Algerian nationalism.
Jugurtha held Rome's legions for several years.
Jugurtha is a national hero.
Jugurtha mastered the battlefield.
Jugurtha needed to raise funds to continue his war against the Romans.
Jugurtha never intended on doing that.
Jugurtha never sought to please the Romans.
Jugurtha never surrendered.
Jugurtha ordered a total withdrawal.
Jugurtha put himself under immense pressure.
Jugurtha remained in Cirta.
Jugurtha represents freedom.
Jugurtha retreated south to the territory of the Gaetuli.
Jugurtha retreated south, to the territory of the Gaetuli.
Jugurtha secured a deal with the local Gaetuli to secure food and support.
Jugurtha sent envoys to the Roman Senate.
Jugurtha served in the Roman army.
Jugurtha showed his military prowess in Spain.
Jugurtha sought military reinforcements from the Gaetuli.
Jugurtha sought to augment his power.
Jugurtha spent most of his personal fortune fighting the Romans.
Jugurtha struck up a friendship with some Roman Senators.
Jugurtha suffered the indignity of being paraded through the streets of Rome.
Jugurtha took his enemies by surprise.
Jugurtha visited Bocchus without an armed personal guard.
Jugurtha wanted to deal with Rome on equal terms.
Jugurtha was a Berber king.
Jugurtha was a great warrior.
Jugurtha was a highly capable diplomat.
Jugurtha was a king of Numidia.
Jugurtha was a man of the people.
Jugurtha was a tough soldier.
Jugurtha was a tough warrior.
Jugurtha was already a prominent person.
Jugurtha was an Amazigh king.
Jugurtha was assassinated in Rome.
Jugurtha was assassinated in a Roman prison.
Jugurtha was assassinated in a prison cell in Rome.
Jugurtha was baited into a trap.
Jugurtha was betrayed by Bocchus.
Jugurtha was betrayed by his father-in-law, Bocchus, who captured him and delivered him to the Romans.
Jugurtha was betrayed by his father-in-law, Bocchus, with a crude act of deception.
Jugurtha was betrayed by his father-in-law, Bocchus.
Jugurtha was betrayed to the Romans.
Jugurtha was betrayed with a crude act of deception.
Jugurtha was born in Cirta.
Jugurtha was captured by the Romans and taken to Rome where he was executed.
Jugurtha was captured by the Romans and taken to Rome.
Jugurtha was captured by the Romans.
Jugurtha was condemned to death.
Jugurtha was cowardly assassinated in Rome.
Jugurtha was cowardly killed in Rome.
Jugurtha was cowardly strangled in Rome.
Jugurtha was executed in Rome.
Jugurtha was famous for his extraordinary service in Spain.
Jugurtha was forced to retreat to the territory of the Gaetuli.
Jugurtha was in the Sahara to seek support from the Gaetuli.
Jugurtha was killed in Rome.
Jugurtha was known for his extraordinary service in Spain.
Jugurtha was murdered cowardly in Rome.
Jugurtha was murdered in Rome.
Jugurtha was never distracted by his fame.
Jugurtha was on friendly terms with some Roman Senators.
Jugurtha was on very good terms with some Roman Senators.
Jugurtha was paraded in Rome as a bound prisoner.
Jugurtha was purposely misled by his father-in-law, Bocchus.
Jugurtha was respected in the Roman Senate.
Jugurtha was sent to serve militarily in Spain.
Jugurtha was still fighting.
Jugurtha was strangled in Rome.
Jugurtha was treacherously captured.
Jugurtha was waiting to seize power in the shadows.
Jugurtha wasn't afraid of bringing Rome's notorious wrath upon him.
Jugurtha weakened the Roman troops in North Africa.
Jugurtha went south to seek support from the Gaetuli.
Jugurtha went to war against the Romans.
Jugurtha won a decisive victory.
Jugurtha's battles against the Romans were extremely aggressive.
Jugurtha's cousin, Adherbal, managed to flee to Rome.
Jugurtha's death sealed his immortality.
Jugurtha's kingdom began falling to pieces.
Jugurtha's victory was total.
Juhi sniffed her best friend's underwear.
Juhuri is also known as Judeo-Tat.
Juhuri, Persian, Kurdish, and Pashto are Iranian languages.
Juice isn't food; it's a drink.
Juice, please.
Juichi was a friend from Japan during my stint there as a software engineer. We went to Kyoto together to see ancient sites. He liked reading Harry Potter to learn English. He took Mandarin in his university.
Juicing is stupid. Just eat fruit.
Jujutsu is a Japanese martial art.
Jules Verne's novels nearly gave the news from the future.
Jules is an excellent chauffeur.
Juli is in the university because she is a student.
Julia Davis, a Russian media commentator, describes Victory Mania as “an unhealthy obsession with military might and past victories.”
Julia added me on Facebook yesterday. Do you know why?
Julia bet $100 on odd.
Julia buys a mirror and holds it before her eyes.
Julia calls Emilia.
Julia cries and calls Emilia.
Julia cries and calls for Emily.
Julia didn't know that Sam was an avid gambler.
Julia does not see Amelia.
Julia doesn't see Emilia.
Julia felt like crying after she heard that news.
Julia felt like crying when she heard the news.
Julia finally found a shoe she likes.
Julia gives a kiss to her daughter.
Julia gives her daughter a kiss.
Julia has many roses and many lilies in her garden.
Julia is a Swedish citizen.
Julia is a good girl.
Julia is a little girl.
Julia is an entitled brat.
Julia is calling Emily.
Julia kept us constantly informed about her pregnancy.
Julia kisses her daughter.
Julia lives in a southeastern state of Brazil.
Julia picks some roses, and goes from the garden with five roses.
Julia sings.
Julia stood on tiptoes to reach a mug on the top shelf.
Julia takes the mirror and holds it in front of her eyes.
Julia thinks pizza is over-rated.
Julia wants to fly to America.
Julia was supposed to help me with my project, but her absence has left me in quite the conundrum.
Julia's calling you.
Julia's native language is Italian.
Julia: “We do not fear chains.” Fundania: “So very true, we tie ourselves with chains to their doorposts, so that we cannot be removed.”
Julian Assange didn't break American law directly.
Julian Assange didn't leak any information. He just published information that was leaked to him.
Julian Assange is accused of being a rapist and a spy.
Julian Assange is accused of having encouraged Chelsea Manning to leak the confidential documents.
Julian Assange is an Australian activist.
Julian keeps on forgetting to switch off the computer.
Julian was wrong?
Julian wears round glasses like John Lennon's.
Julian wears round glasses like John Lennon’s.
Juliana told me you're from São Paulo.
Juliana told me you’re from SÃ£o Paulo.
Julia’s native language is Italian.
Julie Kent was a principal dancer with the American Ballet Theatre from 1993 to 2015.
Julie and Mikhail starred in the movie "Dancers" together.
Julie and Steven met at the seaside last year and fell in love.
Julie emphasizes that ballet life is not easy.
Julie gains 20 pounds every month from her eating binge.
Julie has taken part in hundreds of performances in her dancing career.
Julie literally crawled through the finished line.
Julie received a Christmas card from her brother in Italy.
Julie sat down next to a toothless old man eating an ice cream.
Julie thinks that she will not be able to pay off all of her debts.
Julien wears round glasses, like John Lennon.
Juliet talked to Romeo on the balcony, who was outside.
Julio always tells bad jokes, and frequently he makes a fool of himself.
Julio is never in style.
Julio is swinging in the hammock that I hung under the old oak tree.
Julissa, however, climbed up more slowly. Ruffles on her dress made it harder to enter the limousine. When she finally sat down gracefully, her attendants cheered. Every so often, Julissa and the others stood and pushed their heads out of the limousine’s skylight opening. Julissa held onto her tiara, a jeweled headpiece, as the wind tossed her long, dark hair.
Julius Caesar brought a giraffe to Europe.
Julius Caesar was a Roman emperor.
Julius Caesar was a brilliant strategist.
Julius Caesar was born in the year 100 B.C. The exact date of his birth is not known. At age sixteen he had to take care of all of his family.
Julius Caesar was killed by dysentery.
Julius Caesar, one of the greatest figures in history, was stabbed to death in a meeting of the Roman Senate, on the Ides of March (March 15th) in the year 44 BC.
Julius Caesar, this great Roman hero, was assassinated.
Julius Gustav Neubronner was a German apothecary and inventor.
Julius and Cornelius are going to their houses.
Julius and Ethel Rosenberg were executed in 1953 for supposedly giving nuclear secrets to the Soviet Union.
Julius angrily beats the rude boy.
Julius calls Quintus to him and gives him an apple.
Julius goes to the door, which the gatekeeper opens.
Julius has many roses and many lilies in his garden.
Julius has many roses and many lillies in his garden.
Julius is at home with his slaves - and is now not my master!
Julius is not alone – there are four slaves with him.
Julius leaves the village for the house.
Julius lives in his house with a large family.
Julius placed one coin in David's sack.
Julius's scrotum wasn't small.
JuliÃ¡n was mistaken?
Julián was mistaken?
July 11 is World Population Day.
July 2016 was the hottest month on record.
July 4th is a red-letter day in America.
July 5th 1962 marked the end of 132 years of French colonization in Algeria.
July Fourteenth is the French national holiday.
July is climatologically the globe's warmest month of the year.
July is named after Julius Caesar.
July is the driest month of the year.
July is the seventh month of the year.
Jumble sales are a real treasure trove for antiques.
Jumeirah is an affluent suburb crammed with all the facilities needed to live the good life: desirable properties, art galleries, boutiques, lovely parks and beautiful people.
Jumo plays tennis on Sundays.
Jump across!
Jump across.
Jump as high as you can.
Jump as much as you want.
Jump aside!
Jump down! There is nothing else you can do!
Jump down, Tom. Don't hesitate.
Jump down.
Jump in and swim to the shore.
Jump in the car and let's get out of here.
Jump in the pool.
Jump into the pool.
Jump into the water and swim after them!
Jump off a bridge or something.
Jump on the creature to kill it.
Jump on the goomba.
Jump once for each apple you ate.
Jump out of the frying pan into the fire.
Jump over it.
Jump over the candlestick.
Jump over the ditch.
Jump over the piranha plant.
Jump right into the story.
Jump to attention!
Jump to it, then! It's not going to sort itself out!
Jump together.
Jump up and help her!
Jump up and run!
Jump up, sit down...
Jump up.
Jump!
Jump! Don't be afraid! It's not very high!
Jump.
Jumping from a moving vehicle is dangerous.
Jumping in front of a moving vehicle is dangerous.
Jumping in puddles was fun.
Jumping off a moving train is dangerous.
Jumping out of a moving train is dangerous.
Jumping out of a running car isn't a good experience.
Jumping rope is my daughter's favorite.
Jumping rope is my daughter’s favorite.
Junaid Ahmed said, Bangladesh is the next destination of the world in the information technology sector.
Juncheng is studying mechanical engineering and is originally from Zhejiang, China.
June 12 marks the World Day Against Child Labor sponsored by the International Labor Organization. The annual occasion is meant to draw policy attention to the more than 200 million children around the world who work full time, many in sweatshop conditions.
June arrived.
June beetle grubs are destructive.
June beetle grubs feed on plant roots.
June beetle larvae are commonly known as white grubs.
June beetle larvae are destructive.
June beetle males emerge and become active around June.
June beetles are also known as June bugs.
June beetles are short-lived.
June beetles are totally harmless.
June beetles are very common in Algiers.
June beetles can fly.
June beetles have small mouth parts and they can't bite you.
June fifth is World Environment Day.
June has many rainy days.
June is a social season in London.
June is still three months off.
June is the month when we have a lot of rain.
June is the sixth month of the year.
June rolled around and Mennad was still at the hospital.
June specialises in body-to-body erotic massages.
June, July and September were the warmest months since records were kept and August was the second warmest. Now October once again beats all historical records.
Juneau is the capital of Alaska.
Junior officers, namely second lieutenant, lieutenant, and captain, form the foundation of direct command.
Junior – Tom and Mary’s son – is quite a nice kid; you should meet him! He’s a boy your age, and he has a lot of the same interests as you.
Junior's father can simply not comprehend how the young generation approaches Fetty Wap's music with such ebullience: it eludes him to no end.
Junior, why don't we go into a group together?
Juniper berries are often used in folk medicine.
Juniper is a tree.
Junk bond dealers left the market riding on a pillow of air.
Junk food afflicts your health.
Junk food, like twinkies are aptly named junk food, but still delicious.
Junk mail is a particular problem.
Junko Tabei, a Japanese mountain climber, was the first women to climb Everest, which she accomplished in 1975.
Junko is a beautiful girl.
Junko is a pretty girl.
Junko is quite familiar with English.
Junko still depends on her parents for her living expenses.
Junko still depends on her parents to support her.
Junko will have to study math tonight.
Juno then, as a suppliant, addressed him in these words: "Aeolus (for the father of the gods has granted you authority to calm the seas and to stir them up with the winds), a race hateful to me is sailing upon the Tyrrhenian sea, carrying Troy along with its conquered gods to Italy."
Juno was the wife of Jupiter.
Juno will determine the global structure and motions of Jupiter's atmosphere below the cloud tops for the first time.
Juno will directly sample the charged particles and magnetic fields near Jupiter's poles for the first time­.
Juno will map Jupiter's gravitational and magnetic fields.
Juno will measure the amount of water and ammonia in Jupiter's atmosphere.
Juno will provide the first close look at Jupiter's poles.
Juno's wiles did not go unnoticed by her brother (Neptune).
Juno, the queen of the gods, hated Alcmena and wanted to kill Hercules while he was still a child.
Jupiter and Saturn are gas giants with over 60 moons each.
Jupiter and Saturn are gas giants.
Jupiter and Saturn haven't been this visibly close since the 1200s.
Jupiter does not have a molten metal core; instead, its magnetic field is created by a core of compressed liquid metallic hydrogen.
Jupiter emits twice as much heat as it absorbs from the Sun, which indicates it has its own internal heat source.
Jupiter finds lovers' false promises amusing.
Jupiter has at least 69 moons.
Jupiter has four inner satellites: Metis, Adrastea, Amalthea, and Thebe. Their orbits are very close to the planet.
Jupiter has many moons.
Jupiter has no land we can land on.
Jupiter indeed pleases everyone.
Jupiter is a big planet, right?
Jupiter is a gas giant and Saturn is a gas giant, too.
Jupiter is a gas giant.
Jupiter is a giant planet.
Jupiter is a large gas planet whose clouds change colors daily.
Jupiter is a planet principally composed of hydrogen and helium.
Jupiter is a planet.
Jupiter is huge.
Jupiter is made mostly of gases.
Jupiter is made mostly of hydrogen and helium gases.
Jupiter is made of gas.
Jupiter is massive.
Jupiter is my favorite planet.
Jupiter is one of the most beautiful things I've ever seen.
Jupiter is right over our heads.
Jupiter is roughly 10 times larger than Earth.
Jupiter is so large that all of the other planets in the solar system could fit inside of it.
Jupiter is the biggest planet in our solar system.
Jupiter is the fifth planet from the Sun and the largest in our Solar System.
Jupiter is the fifth planet from the Sun.
Jupiter is the largest planet in our solar system.
Jupiter is the largest planet in the Solar System.
Jupiter is the largest planet in the solar system, and Earth is the fifth-largest.
Jupiter is the most massive planet in the solar system.
Jupiter is the only planet in the Solar System whose common center of gravity with the Sun lies outside the Sun itself.
Jupiter is the third brightest object in sky. Only the sun and Saturn are brighter than Jupiter.
Jupiter is two and a half times as heavy as all the other planets in the Solar System put together.
Jupiter is very large.
Jupiter was the father of the gods and men.
Jupiter was worshipped by the Romans.
Jupiter will appear first and then Saturn.
Jupiter's Ganymede moon is about 5,270 kilometers in diameter, almost half that of Earth.
Jupiter's Great Red Spot is a giant storm.
Jupiter's atmosphere is thought to be composed of hydrogen, helium, sulfur, and nitrogen. Clouds in the atmosphere move in alternating bands from east to west or west to east.
Jupiter's moon, Io, has more than 400 active volcanoes, making it the most geologically active object in the solar system. Several volcanoes on Io produce plumes of sulfur and sulfur dioxide that rise as high as 300 miles above its surface.
Jupiter's powerful magnetic field is thought to be generated by the electric currents produced by pressurized hydrogen in the mantle.
Jupiter's rapid rotation causes the planet to flatten at the poles and bulge at the equator.
Jupiter’s Great Red Spot is a giant storm that has lasted for centuries.
Juries usually have 12 members.
Jurisdictions must justify their decisions as defined by law.
Jurors were repeatedly warned not to research the case outside the parameters of what was presented during the trial.
Jury deliberations will begin Monday.
Jury selection begins Monday.
Just 10 years ago, the main cause of climate change was oil, 5 years ago it was coal, and today it is the farts of cows and pigs. And the best scientists claimed that on every occasion.
Just 13 people? That's all?
Just 13 people? That’s all?
Just 21 months after his landslide re-election, Richard Milhous Nixon - in a drama unparalleled in U.S. history - was forced to resign as President.
Just 3 days left before my trip.
Just 3.5 percent of Earth's water is fresh.
Just Fontaine and I were born in the same year.
Just Wednesday? This week has been endless.
Just a 90-minute drive from Washington, D.C., one company is working to take oil from the canola plant from the field to the fryer to the fuel tank, and do it all locally.
Just a bit longer.
Just a couple of days ago, Ziri asked after Rima.
Just a couple of months after the death of the last thylacine, the animal was declared a protected species.
Just a dream can shape the future.
Just a drop.
Just a few boys were there.
Just a few days ago, things looked a lot better.
Just a few days ago, we were so happy.
Just a few decades ago, domestic sheep outnumbered people in the Rocky Mountain West. Today, people far outnumber the sheep — not just here in Sun Valley, but all around the region. In some cases, the century-old tradition of the western sheep drive is being replaced by more expensive trucking.
Just a few girls were there.
Just a few minutes later, she was serious again.
Just a few more minutes of patience.
Just a few more minutes.
Just a few more steps and we'll be there.
Just a few of us can speak French.
Just a few of us managed to survive.
Just a few of us survived.
Just a few weeks later, Yanni and Skura met again.
Just a heads-up.
Just a little bit is enough for me.
Just a little bit is left.
Just a little bit.
Just a little more effort.
Just a little more glitter here, and we're done.
Just a little more patience.
Just a little more.
Just a minute, please.
Just a minute, please. Don't hang up.
Just a minute, please. I'll call him to the phone.
Just a minute, please. I’ll call him to the phone.
Just a minute.
Just a minute. I need to put on some clothes.
Just a minute. I'll see if I can find it in this book.
Just a minute. I'm coming.
Just a moment - there's someone at the door.
Just a moment ...
Just a moment please. I'll be back in a jiffy.
Just a moment please. I'll be straight back.
Just a moment, I will come right away.
Just a moment, I'll change the song first.
Just a moment, if you please, and you will know everything; then I will be in a position to discuss whys and wherefores.
Just a moment, please!
Just a moment, please.
Just a moment, she will come immediately.
Just a moment.
Just a moment. Can I just finish?
Just a moment. I haven't finished yet.
Just a moment. I haven't made up my mind yet.
Just a moment. I haven't made up my mind.
Just a moment. I haven’t made up my mind.
Just a moment. Let Mary finish.
Just a moment. Let Tom finish.
Just a moment. Let her finish.
Just a moment. Let him finish.
Just a moment. There's someone at the door.
Just a sec.
Just a second!
Just a second! If you don't mind, I have a few more questions.
Just a second, Tom.
Just a second, please, here is my wife, I'll introduce her to you. Jarmila, this is Mr. Reindle from the American Embassy.
Just a second, please, here is my wife, I’ll introduce her to you. Jarmila, this is Mr. Reindle from the American Embassy.
Just a second, please.
Just a second, please. Straight and then to the right, is that it?
Just a second.
Just a second. Let me finish.
Just a second. This call might be important.
Just a spot of shut-eye has already refreshed my mind.
Just a week after he was released from jail, Dan mugged another person.
Just a word can do harm to a person.
Just a word to be said about your exercise: Perfect!
Just about anyone can learn to do that.
Just about every woman loves me.
Just about everybody sat down.
Just about everyone came.
Just about everything Tom says is a lie.
Just about everything can be recycled.
Just about everything is the same as 10 years before.
Just about everything is the same as with 10 years before.
Just about.
Just act as if nothing has happened.
Just act as though nothing happened.
Just act like nothing happened.
Just act like nothing's happened.
Just act like you don't know anything.
Just act naturally.
Just act normal.
Just add more sugar if you want a sweeter jam.
Just add water.
Just admit it.
Just admit that you are wrong.
Just admit that you're jealous.
Just admit that you're wrong.
Just admit you're right-wing, Tom.
Just after Tom had a new gearbox fitted to his car, his clutch packed it in.
Just after dawn and a bit inland, it is the sanctuary's role as a resting-stop and sometime breeding ground for migratory songbirds that interests veteran birdwatcher Bill Gette, director of the Massachusetts Audubon Society's education center near the Refuge.
Just after he returned from outdoor school, my son explained to me in great detail how much he enjoyed field athletics.
Just after putting away the dishes, Joan heard the doorbell ring.
Just an apology isn't enough.
Just an hour ago or so I had the idea to make a slightly different version.
Just another moment!
Just answer my question.
Just answer one question.
Just answer the question please. We don't have much time.
Just answer the question.
Just answer the questions.
Just answer those questions.
Just apologise.
Just apologize to Tom.
Just apologize to her.
Just apologize to him.
Just apologize to them.
Just apologize.
Just appoint the time and place and I'll be there.
Just appoint the time and place and I’ll be there.
Just as Anna was about to spray, the roach scurried behind a stack of books.
Just as Earth moves around the Sun, so our entire solar system hurtles through the Milky Way, at speeds exceeding 50,000 miles per hour.
Just as I arrived at the station, the train was leaving.
Just as I arrived home, I headed straight back to work.
Just as I don't have good eyes, so neither does my son.
Just as I don’t have good eyes, so neither does my son.
Just as I respect your privacy, I also expect you to respect mine.
Just as I thought something was rustling there, a cat leaped out of the bush.
Just as I thought.
Just as I was about to do that, it started raining.
Just as I was about to get into the bathtub, Tom dropped by for a visit.
Just as I was about to go out, it started raining.
Just as I was about to leave, he arrived.
Just as I was about to phone her, a letter from her arrived.
Just as I was asking her to marry me, an impudent fellow jumped in.
Just as I was getting the hang of things, they changed the system.
Just as I was raising a glass of wine to my lips, I was startled by a picture at the window-pane. It was a pale, wild, haggard face, in a great cloud of black hair, pressed against the glass. As I looked, it vanished.
Just as I went to go out, it began to rain.
Just as Japanese boys play baseball, so English boys play cricket.
Just as Max predicted, our team lost.
Just as Robert was about to sit down, Martha kicked the chair from under him.
Just as Tom and I were about to start playing tennis, it started raining.
Just as Tom got off the bus, it started raining.
Just as Tom hit the snooze button for the fifth time, Mary fired a pistol directly into his liver at point blank range.
Just as Tom looked up, an icicle fell from overhang of roof.
Just as Tom predicted, our team lost.
Just as Tom was about to post the letter into the postbox, the wind whipped it out of his hand and blew it under a passing bus, which could do nothing but drive over it with its fat tyres and squash it flat into a puddle.
Just as Tom was about to speak, the lights went out.
Just as Tom was falling asleep the train braked suddenly, jolting him back into the waking world.
Just as Ziri grabbed the last donut, Rima slapped his hand.
Just as Ziri looked at Rima, Walid stepped in and kissed her.
Just as Ziri opened his can of soda, it exploded on Rima.
Just as Ziri was about to fall asleep, he heard Rima's voice and jumped to his feet.
Just as a bird, wherever it goes, flies with its wings as its only burden, so too, the bhikkhu becomes content with robes to protect his body and with almsfood to maintain his stomach, and wherever he goes he sets out taking only these with him.
Just as a flame goes out, a man dies.
Just as a thorn stuck in one's throat.
Just as a thorn stuck in one’s throat.
Just as a well-used day produces a soft sleep, a well-used life causes a quiet death.
Just as a wise and loving father instructs his children, so God teaches people everywhere the best way to live.
Just as food feeds the body, so reading feeds the mind.
Just as he got to the bus stop, the bus arrived.
Just as he reaches the bus stop, the bus arrives.
Just as he was getting the hang of things, he got fired.
Just as he was getting the hang of things, they changed all the rules.
Just as he was going out, there was a great earthquake.
Just as he was speaking, a fire broke out.
Just as he was starting to get the hang of things, he was made redundant.
Just as he was starting to get the hang of things, he was sacked.
Just as human beings went from the hunter-gatherer to the farmer's stage, Go, which initially was a simple game of capturing stones, became a complex system for conquering territory.
Just as if it were my tail, wherever I go, it goes too.
Just as if that was proof that that English was correct.
Just as if that was proof that that was correct English.
Just as if the card gathering had turned into a ghost story telling party, a kind of dark mood had settled over those present and everyone was silent.
Just as important as Algeria's geography is the nation's history.
Just as it is better to illuminate than merely to shine, so to pass on what one has contemplated is better than merely to contemplate.
Just as it is the tendency of great minds to make one hear much with few words, small minds have a talent for talking a lot, and saying nothing.
Just as it sometimes happens that deformed offspring are produced by deformed parents, and sometimes not, so the offspring produced by a female are sometimes female, sometimes not, but male, because the female is as it were a deformed male.
Just as length has nothing to do with depth, duration has nothing to do with intensity.
Just as life is imperfect in its most profound nature, we also all have our own imperfect personal personality flaws.
Just as long as I'm with you, I'll be happy.
Just as many memories of the past and feelings are stored up in the body as in the spirit.
Just as many students study while listening to music, it's not at all unusual for people working at home to switch on the telly or radio to keep themselves company.
Just as one gesture can have many different meanings, many different gestures can have the same meaning.
Just as people like honey, so bears like it too.
Just as people like honey, so do bears.
Just as people like honey, so too do bears.
Just as people think that animals don't feel, animals must feel that people don't think.
Just as predicted, he was thirty years of age.
Just as rural homeowners had trouble keeping the grass green over the septic tank and drain field in late summer, so only a few desert plants found purchase here.
Just as she was about to leave the store, she saw a beautiful dress in the window.
Just as the Americans like baseball, the British like cricket.
Just as the argument got heated he interposed.
Just as the argument got heated, he interposed.
Just as the body needs exercise, so the mind needs stimulation to stay healthy.
Just as the child in a slum today can see the skyscraper nearby, technology now allows any person with a smartphone to see how the most privileged among us live and the contrast between their own lives and others.
Just as the fairy tale finished, the child had already fallen asleep.
Just as the female ant after coition loses her wings, which then become superfluous, nay, dangerous for breeding purposes, so for the most part does a woman lose her beauty after giving birth to one or two children; and probably for the same reasons.
Just as the influenza virus evolves and flu vaccines have to change every year, the coronavirus variants suggest that COVID-19 will likely behave the same way.
Just as the inscriptions on the Rosetta Stone point to the activity of an ancient scribe and a computer program points to a programmer, I have argued that the digital code discovered within the DNA molecule suggests the activity of a designing mind at the origin of life.
Just as the storm reaches its peak, the winds begin to slacken, and the sky starts to brighten.
Just as the whole generation can be mistaken, so can be mistaken human beings.
Just as there are few fat "old maids," there are few fat bachelors.
Just as they wanted to cross the ford, they were intimidated. What could it be?
Just as water, gas, and electricity are brought into our houses from far off to satisfy our needs in response to a minimal effort, so we shall be supplied with visual or auditory images, which will appear and disappear at a simple movement of the hand, hardly more than a sign.
Just as we are talking, there was a loud explosion.
Just as we were born, we will eventually face death at some point in our lives where everything takes its final course.
Just as we were leaving the exam room the doctor waved his hand saying, 'bye-bye'.
Just as we were leaving the exam room the doctor waved his hand saying, ’bye-bye’.
Just as weather varies on Earth, occasionally bringing thunderstorms and gusty winds, the ever-changing Sun sometimes hurls massive clouds of solar material and magnetic fields into space, called coronal mass ejections, or CMEs.
Just as you left, they arrived.
Just as you treat me, so I will treat you.
Just as you would expect of a young lady, she doesn't live a life of total abandonment and freedom.
Just ask Tom about it.
Just ask Tom and me.
Just ask Tom to give it back.
Just ask Tom to help you.
Just ask Tom yourself.
Just ask Tom.
Just ask her out.
Just ask her to give it back.
Just ask her.
Just ask him to give it back.
Just ask him.
Just ask me.
Just ask next time, okay?
Just ask the old folks!
Just ask them to give it back.
Just ask them.
Just ask your question, Ziri.
Just ask your wife.
Just asking.
Just at daybreak, I was awakened by a series of awful screams from Bill. They weren’t yells, or howls, or shouts, or whoops, or yawps, such as you’d expect from a manly set of vocal organs — they were simply indecent, terrifying, humiliating screams, such as women emit when they see ghosts or caterpillars. It’s an awful thing to hear a strong, desperate, fat man scream incontinently in a cave at daybreak.
Just at daybreak, I was awakened by a series of terrible screams from Bill.
Just at that moment, an unknown man appeared as suddenly and silently as if he had popped out of the ground.
Just at that moment, the bus stopped.
Just at that time, the bus stopped.
Just at this moment it happened that little Gerda came through the great door of the castle.
Just auction off the antique stuff.
Just back away.
Just be calm.
Just be careful down there.
Just be careful not to break this.
Just be careful not to let the cat out of the bag.
Just be careful not to push Tom too hard.
Just be careful of Tom.
Just be careful of the stairs.
Just be careful on who you open your door for on Halloween.
Just be careful what you tell Tom.
Just be careful with Tom.
Just be careful with everything.
Just be careful with her.
Just be careful with him.
Just be careful with that.
Just be careful with them.
Just be careful, Tom.
Just be careful.
Just be cool about it.
Just be cool.
Just be enthusiastic.
Just be glad Tom didn't tell Mary what you really thought of her.
Just be glad that Tom didn't tell Mary what you really thought of her.
Just be glad you're OK.
Just be happy with what you have.
Just be happy.
Just be home at nine.
Just be home for dinner.
Just be honest about whether or not you're a native speaker.
Just be honest with Ziri.
Just be nice to Yanni.
Just be patient with Tom. I'm sure he'll eventually make the right decision.
Just be patient.
Just be positive.
Just be prepared.
Just be quiet.
Just be sensitive.
Just be silent and listen.
Just be straightforward.
Just be strong.
Just be sure that you don't do that where Tom can see you.
Just be sure to leave your passport in the safe.
Just be thankful you don't have all of Tom's problems.
Just be thankful you don't have our problems.
Just be very careful not to get injured.
Just be very careful.
Just be yourself.
Just be yourselves.
Just because Flavio isn’t hear doesn’t mean that he can’t hear us.
Just because French is my native language doesn't mean I can automatically understand anything in French.
Just because Horus is a robot, doesn't mean it doesn't have feelings.
Just because I can't get over it, they say I have a chip on my shoulder.
Just because I did it doesn't mean you should.
Just because I have a cartoon animal as my profile picture, it doesn't mean that I'm a furry.
Just because I used to have a crush on Gabor doesn't mean that you can't date him.
Just because I'm a furry doesn't mean I think I'm an animal.
Just because I'm a wolf, everybody assumes I'm a bad guy.
Just because I'm a wolf, everyone assumes I'm a bad guy.
Just because I'm a wolf, everyone thinks I'm the bad guy.
Just because I'm alone doesn't mean I'm lonely.
Just because I'm married doesn't mean I'm blind.
Just because I'm married doesn't mean my eyes stopped working.
Just because I'm quiet doesn't mean I don't have anything to say.
Just because I'm quiet doesn't mean I have nothing to say.
Just because I'm quiet doesn't mean I've got nothing to say.
Just because I'm quiet doesn't mean that I don't have anything to say.
Just because I'm understanding doesn't mean that I'm a wuss.
Just because I, a man you've only just met, tells you it's a false alarm doesn't mean that in seconds' time we could all be engulfed in flames, begging and crying for a quick death.
Just because I’m a wolf, everyone thinks I’m the bad guy.
Just because I’m alone doesn’t mean I’m lonely.
Just because Mary said she didn't do that doesn't mean she didn't do that.
Just because Mary said she didn't do that doesn't mean that she didn't do that.
Just because Mary said she'd never met Tom doesn't mean it's true.
Just because Minecraft is flat doesn’t mean that the Earth is flat too!
Just because Tom and Mary said they didn't do that doesn't mean that they didn't do that.
Just because Tom and Mary said they didn't do that doesn't mean they didn't do that.
Just because Tom is engaged to Mary doesn't mean that he isn't still in love with you.
Just because Tom provoked you doesn't give you a right to attack him.
Just because Tom said he didn't do it doesn't mean that he didn't do it.
Just because Tom said he didn't do that doesn't mean he didn't do that.
Just because Tom said he didn't do that doesn't mean that he didn't do that.
Just because Tom said he didn't have a key doesn't mean it's true.
Just because Tom said he didn’t have a key doesn’t mean it’s true.
Just because Tom said he had never met Mary doesn't mean it's true.
Just because Tom said he had never met Mary doesn’t mean it’s true.
Just because Tom's a boy doesn't mean he doesn't have feelings, too.
Just because a book looks sophisticated doesn't mean it's worth reading.
Just because a certain book does not interest readers does not mean that the fault lies in the book.
Just because a comment is negative doesn't mean it's true.
Just because a language is natural, it doesn't mean that it's better than one that's artificial.
Just because a man is rich it does not necessarily follow that he is happy.
Just because a mother happens to be beautiful it does not necessarily follow that her daughter will grow up to be the same.
Just because a pronunciation is nonstandard doesn't mean it's inferior.
Just because a river is beautiful doesn't mean that it is precious.
Just because a river is beautiful doesn’t mean that it is precious.
Just because a sentence is owned by a native speaker, it doesn't mean that it's natural or that it's an example of modern daily usage.
Just because a statement is negative doesn't mean it's true.
Just because a thought is negative doesn't mean it's true.
Just because a word exists doesn't mean you have to use it, especially if it's not something you'd normally say.
Just because he is poor, it does not follow that he is unhappy.
Just because he likes painting doesn't mean he's good at it.
Just because he likes painting doesn't mean he's good at painting.
Just because he likes painting, it does not follow that he paints well.
Just because he repeatedly parrots this phrase doesn't mean its worthwhile.
Just because he repeatedly parrots this phrase doesn’t mean its worthwhile.
Just because he's engaged doesn't mean that he isn't in love with Layla.
Just because he's good, doesn't mean he's wise.
Just because he's rich, doesn't mean he's happy.
Just because he's tall as hell, that doesn't mean he can win a fight.
Just because he's uncreative doesn't mean he doesn't need a creative outlet.
Just because he's wise doesn't mean that he's honest.
Just because he’s good, doesn’t mean he’s wise.
Just because he’s rich, doesn’t mean he’s happy.
Just because he’s wise doesn’t mean that he’s honest.
Just because humans are stupid doesn't mean they shouldn't be able to send themselves to their own doom.
Just because it's a "safe day" I'm not going to make out like monkeys without protection. Isn't it the duty of loving sex to take proper care of contraception?
Just because it's a decoction doesn't mean it's safe to drink.
Just because it's in Tatoeba.org's database, doesn't mean it's a sentence.
Just because it's natural doesn't mean it's good.
Just because it's possible to do it, doesn't mean you should do it.
Just because it’s a "safe day" I’m not going to make out like monkeys without protection. Isn’t it the duty of loving sex to take proper care of contraception?
Just because it’s in Tatoeba.org’s database, doesn’t mean it’s a sentence.
Just because my dad's a doctor, it doesn't mean I've got to be one.
Just because my father's a doctor, it doesn't mean I have to become one.
Just because my values don’t look like yours doesn’t make them less valuable.
Just because no one's complaining doesn't mean the customers are happy.
Just because one killed a cow doesn't mean another should kill a calf.
Just because people are corporeal born to this world doesn't mean that they understand everything about it, similarly just because somebody's died doesn't mean that they understand everything about the incorporeal world.
Just because people are corporeal born to this world doesn’t mean that they understand everything about it, similarly just because somebody’s died doesn’t mean that they understand everything about the incorporeal world.
Just because she is poor, it does not follow that she is dishonest.
Just because someone doesn't have a job, doesn't mean they're unemployed.
Just because someone is older than you, it doesn't mean that they know more than you.
Just because someone is wearing cat ears doesn't mean they're a furry.
Just because someone reads a lot doesn't mean they're clever.
Just because someone says something is happening, it means nothing if they don't provide evidence. Just because someone presents evidence, it means nothing if that evidence doesn't actually show what they claim it does.
Just because someone understands a language doesn't mean they can speak it.
Just because someone's smiling doesn't necessarily mean that they're happy.
Just because something is bad for your enemy doesn't necessarily mean that it's good for you.
Just because something is legal, it doesn't mean that it's ethical.
Just because something is more expensive doesn't mean that it's better.
Just because something is new, doesn't necessarily mean that it's better than the old one.
Just because something is possible doesn't make it a good idea.
Just because something is prohibited does not mean that it should be required.
Just because something is tradition doesn't mean it's right.
Just because something's more expensive doesn't necessarily mean it's better.
Just because something's more expensive doesn't necessarily mean that it's better.
Just because there aren't any complaints, doesn't necessarily mean your customers are content.
Just because there aren’t any complaints, doesn’t necessarily mean your customers are content.
Just because we can't be in proximity to each other doesn't mean that we can't be actually communicating with each other.
Just because we have different opinions doesn't mean that everything I say is wrong.
Just because you agree with something doesn't mean everyone else has to.
Just because you are white doesn't mean you're racist, stop listening to the idiots.
Just because you aren't neurotypical, doesn't mean you get a pass on politeness.
Just because you call it a "workers' state" doesn't mean it is one.
Just because you can do something doesn't mean you should.
Just because you can't see ghosts, it doesn't mean that they don't exist.
Just because you can't see ghosts, it doesn't mean that they're not there.
Just because you can't see it doesn't mean that it's not there.
Just because you can, doesn't mean that you should.
Just because you can, doesn't mean you know how.
Just because you consider yourself as part of the Western "master race" doesn't mean that you're civilized.
Just because you didn't do it on purpose doesn't mean you shouldn't be held accountable.
Just because you didn't get into Harvard doesn't mean it's the end of the world.
Just because you didn't get into Harvard, it doesn't mean it's the end of the world.
Just because you didn't know about it doesn't mean it didn't happen.
Just because you didn't know about it doesn't mean it is a lie.
Just because you didn’t know about it doesn’t mean it didn’t happen.
Just because you didn’t know about it doesn’t mean it is a lie.
Just because you don't like something or agree with it doesn't make it illegal.
Just because you found the sugarcane sweet doesn't mean you should eat it roots and all.
Just because you have blond hair and blue eyes doesn't mean that you're more civilized than me.
Just because you have blond hair and blue eyes doesn't mean that you're smarter and everything you say is right.
Just because you have imposter syndrome doesn't mean you're not a fraud.
Just because you have rights on paper doesn't mean they'll be respected.
Just because you know how to make eggs doesn't mean you're a great cook.
Just because you like something doesn't mean everyone else does.
Just because you like something doesn't mean everyone else likes it, too.
Just because you speak Berber, don't think that we don't know the word you just said is a swearword.
Just because you tell us it's interesting doesn't make it interesting.
Just because you think it's a good idea doesn't mean that the rest of us think so, too.
Just because you think it's not possible doesn't mean you shouldn't try.
Just because you're a capitalist doesn't mean you have to shop.
Just because you're a citizen of a country doesn't mean you have to love everything about that country.
Just because you're my girlfriend doesn't mean I have to agree with you.
Just because you're right doesn't mean you get to be an asshole about it.
Just because you're struggling doesn't mean you're failing.
Just because you're young doesn't mean you should be exerting yourself that much.
Just because you've always done it this way, it doesn't mean that it's the best way to do it.
Just because you've never heard of it doesn't mean it doesn't exist.
Just because you've never heard of it, it doesn't mean it doesn't exist.
Just because you've never heard of it, it doesn't mean that it doesn't exist.
Just because you've never heard of it, it doesn't mean that there's no such thing.
Just because you've never heard of it, it doesn't mean there's no such thing.
Just because you've never heard that word before doesn't mean it doesn't exist.
Just because your name is Liz you still cannot identify yourself as a lizard.
Just before Tom was killed, I heard him yell.
Just before sunset, Mary parked at the trailhead and walked in half a mile. She took a picture of a rabbit and one of the mountain. She went home and posted on social media that she'd been hiking all day.
Just before the beginning of seventh grade, a pimple appeared on Tom's face.
Just before the wedding, the drunken father shouted at the groom: "I won't hand out my daughter to some stranger!"
Just before the wedding, the drunken father shouted at the groom: "I won’t hand out my daughter to some stranger!"
Just before the wedding, the hall was a whirlwind of activity.
Just behave yourself.
Just behave yourselves.
Just being hard-working and diligent is a blessing.
Just being in Tom's company is enough to ruin Mary's reputation.
Just being is good enough.
Just being together is enough for me.
Just being together makes me happy.
Just believe me.
Just believe us.
Just below that ridge.
Just below the surfaces of stars like the Sun, hot gas rises, cools, and then sinks, where it heats up again, much like a pan of boiling water on a hot stove.
Just between ourselves, I don't think he's going to succeed.
Just between the two of us; are you in love with my sister?
Just between us, he doesn't think very deeply.
Just between us, he's not a deep thinker.
Just between us, she's my girlfriend.
Just between us, that's my girlfriend.
Just between you and me, do you love my sister?
Just between you and me, he is a liar.
Just between you and me, it's because I flipped the script and hit on him that Tom and I are dating.
Just between you and me, she is, in fact, a monster.
Just between you and me, that fat ugly witch is on a diet.
Just beyond the woods there lies a beautiful lake.
Just breathe normally.
Just bring me a cola.
Just bring me the ink, will you?
Just bring me what I asked for.
Just bring me what I ordered.
Just brush your hair.
Just buy Tom some candy.
Just buy Tom some sweets.
Just buy her flowers.
Just buy her some candy.
Just buy him some candy.
Just buy them some candy.
Just buy them.
Just buy those.
Just buzz off.
Just by being a hardworking student, you can earn back all of your tuition.
Just by looking at your face, I know that you have good news.
Just call Tom.
Just call her.
Just call him.
Just call it what it really is.
Just call me "Your Majesty".
Just call me Ken.
Just call me Santa Claus.
Just call me Tom.
Just call me Ziri.
Just call me by my first name.
Just call me when you're done.
Just call me.
Just call the police.
Just call them.
Just call upon God to help you.
Just calm down a bit.
Just calm down and let it go.
Just calm down and listen to me.
Just calm down and listen.
Just calm down, lad, and listen to me.
Just calm down.
Just came by to chat.
Just check it.
Just checking in.
Just close your eyes and listen to this music.
Just close your eyes and relax.
Just close your eyes.
Just come along!
Just come and look at me.
Just come here.
Just come home, please!
Just come into the house.
Just come over and join us.
Just come to see me any time you feel like it, George.
Just come up here.
Just come up with something.
Just come with me, please.
Just come.
Just compare the facts.
Just consider the possibility.
Just contact us through our website.
Just control your emotions.
Just cook it.
Just deal with it.
Just disappear.
Just dismiss those thoughts from your mind - they're crazy and not worth thinking about.
Just dissolve the tablet in a glass of water and drink.
Just do as I say.
Just do as I tell you.
Just do as you are told.
Just do as you're told!
Just do as you're told.
Just do everything Tom and Mary tell you to do.
Just do everything Tom tells you to do.
Just do it already.
Just do it because I say so.
Just do it fast.
Just do it further as if I weren't here.
Just do it further.
Just do it right away or don't even bother talking to me again.
Just do it!
Just do it, Tom.
Just do it, fam.
Just do it, god damn it.
Just do it.
Just do it. You'll regret it if you don't.
Just do me a favor and don't tell Tom I was here.
Just do me a favor and don't tell Tom that I was here.
Just do me one favor.
Just do me one last favor.
Just do only what Tom tells you.
Just do something!
Just do something.
Just do that right now.
Just do that.
Just do the best you can.
Just do the essential repairs, please.
Just do the job.
Just do the right thing.
Just do this for me.
Just do what I ask you to do.
Just do what I did when I met Mary. Tell her she's beautiful.
Just do what I did, Tom.
Just do what I did.
Just do what I say.
Just do what I tell you to do.
Just do what I tell you.
Just do what I'm doing.
Just do what Tom says.
Just do what Tom tells you to do.
Just do what Tom tells you.
Just do what he says.
Just do what is right.
Just do what makes you happy.
Just do what must be done.
Just do what suits you.
Just do what you can.
Just do what you have to do, no questions asked.
Just do what you have to do.
Just do what you need to do.
Just do what you normally do.
Just do what you usually do.
Just do what you wanna do.
Just do what you want to do.
Just do what you want.
Just do what you're supposed to do.
Just do what you're told to do.
Just do what you're told.
Just do what you've got to do.
Just do what your mother tells you.
Just do what you’ve got to do.
Just do your best, OK?
Just do your best.
Just do your job.
Just do your part and shut up.
Just don't ask any questions.
Just don't be late.
Just don't break anything.
Just don't bring me any flowers.
Just don't count on it.
Just don't disappear.
Just don't do anything stupid, OK?
Just don't do it in front of me.
Just don't do it.
Just don't do that anymore.
Just don't drop it.
Just don't follow in my footsteps.
Just don't forget that package.
Just don't forget this.
Just don't forget to smile.
Just don't get caught.
Just don't get hurt.
Just don't get in the way.
Just don't get involved, OK?
Just don't get your hopes up.
Just don't give Tom any money.
Just don't give him any candy.
Just don't give him any money.
Just don't give up on Tom.
Just don't give up on her.
Just don't give up on him.
Just don't give up on them.
Just don't give up.
Just don't go crazy.
Just don't go outside.
Just don't go overboard, okay?
Just don't go there.
Just don't go without me, okay?
Just don't go.
Just don't hang the piece of clothing on that nail because it doesn't hold.
Just don't hurt me.
Just don't kiss me.
Just don't laugh.
Just don't leave me alone in this mansion.
Just don't leave me.
Just don't let it ever happen again.
Just don't let it happen again.
Just don't light that candle.
Just don't look down!
Just don't look down.
Just don't make a habit of it.
Just don't make eye contact.
Just don't make it a habit.
Just don't make me do this again.
Just don't make the same mistake I did.
Just don't overwork yourself.
Just don't peek.
Just don't pierce anything.
Just don't push me into the pool before I change clothes.
Just don't push this any further.
Just don't put it on the web.
Just don't put it online.
Just don't say anything to Tom, please?
Just don't say anything.
Just don't say no right away.
Just don't scream.
Just don't sign anything.
Just don't stop dreaming.
Just don't stop.
Just don't surrender.
Just don't take offense to my question.
Just don't take too long.
Just don't talk.
Just don't tell Tom I sent you.
Just don't tell Tom about it.
Just don't tell Tom about this.
Just don't tell Tom anything.
Just don't tell Tom this.
Just don't tell Tom.
Just don't tell anybody what I said.
Just don't tell anybody where you got this.
Just don't tell anybody.
Just don't tell anyone else what I said.
Just don't tell anyone else.
Just don't tell anyone what I said.
Just don't tell anyone, OK?
Just don't tell anyone.
Just don't tell her I sent you.
Just don't tell her.
Just don't tell him I sent you.
Just don't tell him.
Just don't tell me any more jokes.
Just don't tell them I sent you.
Just don't tell them anything.
Just don't tell them.
Just don't think.
Just don't touch anything here.
Just don't try to do this alone.
Just don't try to make me feel sorry for you.
Just don't volunteer any new information.
Just don't vote for Tom.
Just don't vote for her.
Just don't vote for him.
Just don't wait too long.
Just don't worry about it, OK?
Just don't worry.
Just don’t forget this.
Just down the road, near the little town of Arcadia, Oklahoma, you come around a bend and spy a big barn - a round one, bright red with a green, egg-shaped cedar-shingle roof. It's said this is the most-photographed spot on all of Route 66.
Just download the app, install it, and run it. It's as easy as that!
Just drag and drop the file on your desktop.
Just drop by!
Just drop it already!
Just drop it, Tom, before both of you do something you'll regret.
Just drop it, Tom.
Just drop me here.
Just dropping by quickly to let you know we're aware of some of the issues.
Just dust off the car; we don't have time to wash it.
Just eat half!
Just eat what you want to eat.
Just enjoy it.
Just enter your password here, and Bob's your uncle - you're in.
Just enter your social security number here, and you will earn a prize!
Just exactly what do you expect me to do?
Just exactly what do you want me to do?
Just exactly what is the problem?
Just explain it to me.
Just face the facts.
Just fake it.
Just fancy!
Just fell short.
Just fill this out.
Just find Tom.
Just find her.
Just find him.
Just find them.
Just fine.
Just finish what you're doing.
Just finished it.
Just flop down anywhere.
Just flush the toilet.
Just focus on learning Berber.
Just focus on what's important.
Just focus, Ziri, focus.
Just focus, Ziri.
Just follow Tom and me.
Just follow Tom.
Just follow her.
Just follow him.
Just follow me in here.
Just follow me.
Just follow my lead.
Just follow my moves and sneak around.
Just follow procedure.
Just follow the link down below!
Just follow the money.
Just follow them.
Just follow us.
Just follow your heart.
Just for a moment I had a premonition of approaching evil.
Just for fun, I agreed to the proposal.
Just for good measure, let's check again.
Just for the record, I totally disagree with this decision.
Just for this once, let's not have an argument.
Just for this once, let’s not have an argument.
Just forget about it.
Just forget it.
Just four kilometers from Mount Merapi's smoldering summit, a dozen Javanese elders gather to ask the mountain king for mercy.
Just get away from here.
Just get back here.
Just get back to work.
Just get back.
Just get down here.
Just get dressed.
Just get him a gift card or something.
Just get in the car and shut up.
Just get in the car.
Just get in.
Just get inside.
Just get it done so we can move on to more important things.
Just get it over with.
Just get it right.
Just get it.
Just get lost.
Just get me out of here.
Just get me the list.
Just get off the internet and do something you enjoy.
Just get off the stage.
Just get on with it.
Just get out of here!
Just get out of here, OK?
Just get out of here.
Just get out of my way.
Just get out of the way, will you?
Just get out of there as fast as you can.
Just get out of there.
Just get out of this weather, soak up some sun.
Just get out.
Just get over here.
Just get rid of it.
Just get to work.
Just get up out of your chair and walk away.
Just get up.
Just get whatever you came for and leave.
Just get your dog away from me.
Just get your stuff together.
Just getting one-to-one guidance was enough to make it an extremely fulfilling practise session.
Just getting out of bed every day was a struggle for Tom.
Just getting tested was a nightmare.
Just give Tom a call.
Just give Tom a chance.
Just give Tom a second.
Just give her a call.
Just give her a second.
Just give him a call.
Just give him a second.
Just give him the wallet.
Just give him time.
Just give it a chance.
Just give it a little time.
Just give it a minute.
Just give it a shot.
Just give it a try.
Just give it some time.
Just give it time.
Just give it to Tom.
Just give it to her.
Just give it to him.
Just give it to me!
Just give it to me.
Just give it to them.
Just give it up, Tom.
Just give it your best shot.
Just give me 48 hours.
Just give me a beer!
Just give me a bit more time.
Just give me a chance get my hands on Tom.
Just give me a chance, OK?
Just give me a chance.
Just give me a couple minutes.
Just give me a few hours.
Just give me a few seconds.
Just give me a glass of water.
Just give me a hand.
Just give me a little more time.
Just give me a little privacy.
Just give me a little time.
Just give me a minute to get changed.
Just give me a minute, Ziri.
Just give me a minute, and I'll do that for you.
Just give me a minute.
Just give me a moment.
Just give me a price.
Just give me a second.
Just give me an answer.
Just give me an explanation.
Just give me another chance.
Just give me another minute.
Just give me four days.
Just give me more time.
Just give me my gun.
Just give me my money.
Just give me my share of the water.
Just give me my share.
Just give me one day.
Just give me one good reason.
Just give me one minute.
Just give me one more chance to do that.
Just give me one more chance.
Just give me one, will you?
Just give me some space.
Just give me some time. I'm sure I can figure out how to solve the problem.
Just give me something to ease the pain.
Just give me the car keys.
Just give me the coffee pot and you take my mug.
Just give me the gun.
Just give me the phone.
Just give me three hours.
Just give me three more minutes.
Just give me till Monday.
Just give me two minutes.
Just give me what I want.
Just give me what you owe me and I'll leave.
Just give me your gun.
Just give me your hand.
Just give me your name and address.
Just give the order.
Just give them a second.
Just give them enough to eat every day.
Just give this to your son.
Just give up already.
Just give up while you still have the chance.
Just give up.
Just give us a bit more time.
Just give us a chance.
Just give us a couple minutes.
Just give us a couple of minutes.
Just give us a little more time.
Just give us a little privacy.
Just give us a little time.
Just give us a minute.
Just give us a second.
Just give us another chance.
Just give us another minute.
Just give us three weeks.
Just go about your business and don't keep looking at me.
Just go about your business and don’t keep looking at me.
Just go ahead!
Just go and ask Tom.
Just go and get some rest.
Just go and lie down. I'll take care of everything.
Just go and try it!
Just go away.
Just go back home.
Just go back to bed.
Just go back to sleep.
Just go back to the kitchen.
Just go back to what you were doing.
Just go back to where you came from.
Just go back to wherever it is you came from.
Just go find him already!
Just go for it.
Just go home, guys.
Just go home, seriously.
Just go home.
Just go home. I'm fine.
Just go in there and tell them the truth.
Just go inside.
Just go out and play.
Just go straight ahead.
Just go straight on, and you'll come to the station.
Just go talk to Tom.
Just go talk to her.
Just go talk to him.
Just go talk to them.
Just go tell the cops the truth.
Just go through the motions.
Just go to sleep.
Just go to the office.
Just go to your room.
Just go up this street for about 200 meters.
Just go wild on my body, that's the point.
Just go!
Just go. I won't stop you.
Just goes to show that everyone lives in their own reality.
Just goes to show you how dedicated he is.
Just google it.
Just grab a seat anywhere.
Just grab what you need and leave.
Just grab your bag and follow me.
Just grab your coat and leave.
Just grit your teeth and finish the project, even if you hate every moment of it.
Just hand me the bottle.
Just hand me your money so you can go home safe.
Just hang around in the lobby until the basketball game.
Just hang in there, Tom.
Just hang in there.
Just hang on.
Just have Tom call me, OK?
Just have a look in there.
Just have a seat.
Just have fun.
Just have her call me, OK?
Just have him call me, OK?
Just have it handy.
Just have them call me, OK?
Just having Mary around makes the atmosphere relaxed.
Just having slightly darker skin is enough to be targeted.
Just hear this tune if it pleases you!
Just hearing Spanish makes me feel warmer and takes my mind off the freezing cold I'm experiencing right now.
Just help me with this baggage.
Just help me.
Just hold it.
Just hold me.
Just hold on a second.
Just hold on.
Just hold still.
Just hold your position till I arrive.
Just how bad are things?
Just how bad is this system?
Just how big an idiot do you think I am?
Just how big is it?
Just how big is that closet?
Just how do you know all this?
Just how expensive is it?
Just how far back do you want to go?
Just how good is Tom?
Just how hungry are you?
Just how long are you planning to stay?
Just how long do you expect Tom to stay?
Just how long do you think it'll take to get there?
Just how much time and work are you going to put into a project that you can't get any money for?
Just how much trash do you have cluttering your workplace?
Just how rich are Tom and Mary?
Just how rich are you?
Just how rich is Tom?
Just how significant is that?
Just how stupid do Tom and Mary think we are?
Just how stupid does Tom think we are?
Just how tiresome was it to argue straight against the phrase "Don't blindly follow America's lead!"
Just how tiresome was it to argue straight against the phrase "Don't blindly follow the lead of the United States!"
Just how tiresome was it to argue straight against the phrase "Don’t blindly follow America’s lead!"
Just how well can masks block the, even smaller than pollen, yellow sand dust? I think it much more of a nuisance than pollen.
Just humor me, all right?
Just humor me.
Just humor us.
Just hurry and get it over with.
Just hurry up.
Just hurry.
Just ignore Tom's remarks.
Just ignore Tom.
Just ignore Tom. He always seems to be complaining about something.
Just ignore her.
Just ignore him.
Just ignore it and do nothing.
Just ignore it.
Just ignore that.
Just ignore what Tom said.
Just ignore what you don't like.
Just imagine that every time somebody made a grammar mistake, people only could answer "Syntax error." and leave the somebody with that.
Just imagine that there are planets orbiting all those stars.
Just imagine that we can fly like birds.
Just imagine traveling to the moon.
Just imagine you slept and when you woke up you found yourself in a tomb.
Just imagine!
Just imagine, that could've been us.
Just imagine: he is a doctor, and yet he is a smoker.
Just imagine: that star you're looking at right now has planets orbiting around it.
Just imitate what Tom does.
Just imitate what he does.
Just in case something happens, here's my telephone number.
Just in case, move to the side a little bit.
Just in case, you should get auto insurance.
Just in time!
Just inform him so.
Just is the glory that is the fruit of bravery.
Just joshing.
Just jot your name down on a piece of paper.
Just jump in.
Just keep alert.
Just keep asking people along the way.
Just keep digging.
Just keep doing the same thing.
Just keep doing what you're doing.
Just keep driving.
Just keep focusing on your job and working hard.
Just keep going, Tom.
Just keep going.
Just keep it nice.
Just keep it or throw it away if you don't need it.
Just keep it.
Just keep making rights and you'll arrive.
Just keep moving.
Just keep on walking.
Just keep quiet.
Just keep smiling.
Just keep swimming.
Just keep talking.
Just keep that in mind.
Just keep to yourself.
Just keep training hard.
Just keep trying.
Just keep up the good work. We all appreciate it.
Just keep walking.
Just keep working.
Just keep your fingers crossed.
Just keep your hands where I can see them.
Just keep your head down.
Just keep your knees together when you sit down.
Just keep your mind on your work.
Just keep your mouth shut.
Just keep your nose out of my business.
Just keep your phone on.
Just keep your promise.
Just kick this bad habit already, once and for all!
Just kidding!
Just kidding, don't be so serious.
Just kidding.
Just kill me and get it over with.
Just know that another stunt like this will cost you dearly.
Just know that you don't scare me.
Just last week, Tom came to visit us.
Just lay back and watch it like a play.
Just lay the cards on the table.
Just lead me into your world.
Just learn to seize the opportunity, because it's always there.
Just learn to swallow your pride.
Just leave Tom alone.
Just leave everything right where it is.
Just leave everything to me.
Just leave everything to us.
Just leave everything where it is.
Just leave her alone.
Just leave him alone.
Just leave it at that.
Just leave it like that.
Just leave it on my desk.
Just leave it on the porch.
Just leave it on the table. I'll look at it later.
Just leave it there.
Just leave it to me.
Just leave it with me.
Just leave it.
Just leave me alone, OK?
Just leave me alone, will you?
Just leave me alone.
Just leave me alone. Is that so hard to understand?
Just leave me alone. You're pathetic.
Just leave me here.
Just leave me, please. I wanna be alone.
Just leave my house.
Just leave that in your car.
Just leave that there.
Just leave that to Ziri.
Just leave the door open.
Just leave the package on the porch.
Just leave them alone.
Just leave them there.
Just leave those right where they are.
Just leave us alone, please.
Just leave us alone.
Just leave.
Just left my dad a voicemail.
Just let Tom do his job.
Just let Tom do his spiel.
Just let Tom do his thing.
Just let Tom go.
Just let Tom in.
Just let Tom speak.
Just let everybody in.
Just let everyone in.
Just let everything go.
Just let go of the rope.
Just let go.
Just let her go.
Just let her in.
Just let her speak.
Just let him do his thing.
Just let him do it alone.
Just let him go, already!
Just let him go.
Just let him in.
Just let him speak.
Just let it go.
Just let loose and break down your natural defenses!
Just let loose and enjoy the moment!
Just let me act!
Just let me catch my breath.
Just let me concentrate.
Just let me die.
Just let me do all the talking.
Just let me do my own thing, please.
Just let me do the talking, OK?
Just let me do the talking.
Just let me finish this game.
Just let me finish.
Just let me get my thoughts in order.
Just let me get up.
Just let me go talk to Tom.
Just let me go.
Just let me handle it, OK?
Just let me handle it.
Just let me handle this.
Just let me help you.
Just let me in.
Just let me know how many you need.
Just let me know if I can do anything to help.
Just let me know if there's anything that I can do to help.
Just let me know if you have any trouble.
Just let me know if you need a hand.
Just let me know if you need help.
Just let me know if you won't be here on time.
Just let me know what I should do.
Just let me know what you find out.
Just let me know what you need.
Just let me know what you think.
Just let me know what you want me to buy.
Just let me know what you want to do.
Just let me know when to come over.
Just let me know when you're ready.
Just let me love you, and I'll do everything to make you the happiest woman in the world.
Just let me say this.
Just let me say what I need to say.
Just let me say what I've got to say.
Just let me see it.
Just let me sit here and watch TV, OK?
Just let me sleep.
Just let me stay with you for a while.
Just let me take my phone from under the table.
Just let me talk to Tom.
Just let me talk to her.
Just let me talk to him.
Just let me talk to them.
Just let me talk with her.
Just let me think for a moment.
Just let me throw on some clothes.
Just let me try to explain.
Just let me try.
Just let me walk away.
Just let the magic do its magic spell here at Disneyland.
Just let the police handle it.
Just let the water go, already!
Just let the woman go.
Just let them do their job.
Just let them go.
Just let them in.
Just let things happen as they will.
Just let us be.
Just let us go.
Just let us in.
Just let your worries melt away.
Just let yourself enjoy the party and break down your emotional walls!
Just lie still.
Just lie there.
Just lie to her.
Just like I said!
Just like I thought, the contractor came back today, begging for more time.
Just like Jupiter, Saturn emits twice as much heat as it absorbs from the Sun indicating it also has an internal heat source.
Just like Sunday in the 100, he outran his American rival to claim his fourth consecutive world 200 meters title.
Just like any addict, we don't care how we get our next fix.
Just like at the wedding, the New Year's Eve firecrackers exploded in salvos.
Just like her dad, Skura loves giraffes.
Just like here.
Just like his parents, he will be a teacher.
Just like humans, the eyesight of dogs gets worse with age.
Just like life is profoundly imperfect, we also are all flawed human beings.
Just like my partner, I require aftercare.
Just like on Earth, high-latitude regions on Mars are covered with frost in the winter. However, the winter frost on Mars is made of carbon dioxide ice (dry ice) instead of water ice.
Just like that, everything went to shit.
Just like that, hours, days and weeks passed.
Just like that.
Just like the Earth, half of the Moon is lit by the Sun while the other half is in darkness.
Just like the dataset, the Clip Graveyard is available for download.
Just like the human "snowbirds" who fly south for the winter, saltwater fish often cruise to warmer climes when the mercury plummets.
Just like the picture on your television set, satellite images are made up of tiny squares.
Just like this?
Just like we are born, death is the most natural course of life.
Just like we brought them joy last year, they can expect the same this year too.
Just like you want it to.
Just like you, I haven't slept in these trying days.
Just listen and you listen good: I'm your father.
Just listen to Tom.
Just listen to her.
Just listen to him.
Just listen to me for a minute.
Just listen to me for a second.
Just listen to me, please.
Just listen to me.
Just listen to the music.
Just listen to them.
Just listen to us.
Just listen to what I have to say.
Just listen to what I'm saying, already.
Just listen to what Tom has to say.
Just listen to yourself.
Just listening to that song makes me think of you.
Just look around you.
Just look around.
Just look at Tom.
Just look at all these yachts. Take a gander at that trimaran.
Just look at all this.
Just look at her, she looks like a disaster!
Just look at her.
Just look at him.
Just look at his face, it'll tell you everything.
Just look at how lavish he is, he gives a hundred dollar bill to every person he passes by.
Just look at it.
Just look at me.
Just look at my poor hair, while her curls are kinkier than ever!
Just look at that female over there.
Just look at the figures.
Just look at the mess you left.
Just look at the mess you made.
Just look at the mess you've left.
Just look at this mess.
Just look at those good-looking men!
Just look at those legs.
Just look at what Tom did.
Just look at what Tom has done.
Just look at what happened in Algeria in the 1990's.
Just look at what you've done.
Just look at what your dog has done.
Just look at where we are now.
Just look at you, unable to do such a simple thing.
Just look at yourself.
Just look for yourself.
Just look in the mirror.
Just look into my eyes.
Just look out the window.
Just look outside.
Just look what you did to the car.
Just look! The potatoes are all rolling out! You're a real dullard aren't you?
Just look! The potatoes are all rolling out! You’re a real dullard aren’t you?
Just look! This is much cheaper than the other one.
Just looking at Tom, you can tell that he likes you.
Just looking at a lemon makes one feel the sourness in one's mouth.
Just looking at a picture of food makes me feel nauseous.
Just looking at her, you can see that she loves you.
Just looking at her, you can tell that she likes you.
Just looking at the food made my mouth water.
Just looking for someone to talk to.
Just looking through the windows, you could tell the house belonged to a hoarder.
Just make it go away.
Just make something up.
Just make sure Tom calls Mary.
Just make sure it's not a scam.
Just make sure that credit is given: "from The Herbs, by Leon Thomas, published by Herbal Life."
Just make sure that doesn't happen again.
Just make sure that everything is properly flushed away.
Just make sure that you don't do that again.
Just make sure that you get here on time.
Just make sure you do that.
Just make sure you don't do that again.
Just make sure you don't forget anything.
Just make sure you don't forget to do that.
Just make sure you don't forget to give this to Tom.
Just make sure you don't touch anything.
Just make sure you get here on time.
Just make sure you get there on time.
Just make sure you get this done by Monday.
Just make sure you give this to Tom.
Just make sure you stay where you are.
Just make sure you talk to Tom.
Just make sure you talk to her.
Just make sure you talk to him.
Just make sure you talk to them.
Just make sure you tell Tom about the meeting.
Just make sure you tell Tom not to do that.
Just make sure you tell Tom to do that.
Just make sure you tell Tom what I just said.
Just make sure you tell Tom what time he's supposed to be there tomorrow.
Just make sure you tell Tom what time the meeting's going to start.
Just make sure you're nice to Tom.
Just make this stop.
Just make yourself at home.
Just make yourselves at home.
Just married.
Just match up the facts.
Just mimic what he does.
Just mind your own business, please.
Just mind your own business.
Just missed.
Just move back.
Just move on with your life.
Just my 2 cents...
Just my old standby: lemon chicken.
Just name a time and I'll be there.
Just name your price.
Just not today, okay?
Just now I realized something.
Just now I was chatting with my parents.
Just now, he's in the shower.
Just now, it is said, Pictet has succeeded, under a pressure of six hundred and fifty atmospheres, in actually crystallizing oxygen and hydrogen.
Just observe your cat and you will get to know him.
Just off of Anderson Street, a main connector in downtown Johannesburg, Dirk Bahmann heads through the lobby and into the elevator, up to the fourth floor.
Just on the threshold of the porch, behold / fierce Pyrrhus stands, in glittering brass bedight.
Just once can't hurt.
Just once, I'd like to get a hole-in-one some day.
Just once, I’d like to get a hole-in-one some day.
Just once.
Just one bean doesn't make you full.
Just one can of soft drink a day can significantly increase your chances of developing diabetes.
Just one deal is what we made now.
Just one death, but with many causes.
Just one drop of this poison is enough to kill 160 people.
Just one is lacking.
Just one look at the amusing dispenser, colorful animal tiles, two-sided bingo cards, and transparent monkey chips and you know you're in for some serious fun.
Just one look at the amusing dispenser, colorful animal tiles, two-sided bingo cards, and transparent monkey chips and you know you’re in for some serious fun.
Just one member expressed disagreement.
Just one moment, please.
Just one more drink and then, we'll leave.
Just one more lift left.
Just one more thing...
Just one more, please.
Just one outhouse was lost to the torrents, in part because scientists warned residents in the area about the approaching danger.
Just one part of what he said got picked up by the media and took on a life of its own.
Just one slip and you'll be mistaken for a troll and flamed.
Just one slip and you’ll be mistaken for a troll and flamed.
Just one year ago, according to data compiled by Xeneta, a firm that tracks shipping rates, it would have cost less than $2,000 to ship a typical 40-foot container from the Far East to northern Europe.
Just one year has gone by since my friend died.
Just open the book.
Just open the bottle.
Just open the can.
Just open the door! Do we have to talk through the keyhole like this?
Just open the door.
Just open the window.
Just open your mouth and close your eyes!
Just out of curiosity, did you really have any fun?
Just out of curiosity, did you really have to do that?
Just out of curiosity, what are you going to do?
Just out of curiosity, what did you think would happen?
Just out of curiosity, what do you expect to happen?
Just out of curiosity, what would you do?
Just out of curiosity. Who was that man you were with at the bar?
Just outside the City of Catchfools, there is a blessed field called the Field of Wonders.
Just outside the City of Simple Simons, there is a blessed field called the Field of Wonders.
Just over 30% of the people that were there were women.
Just over 30% of the people there were women.
Just painted.
Just park anywhere.
Just pass such an insult.
Just passing through.
Just pay your fine and leave.
Just pick a place and I'll meet you there.
Just pick one out.
Just pick one.
Just picture to yourself the horror with which I saw the scene.
Just please be careful.
Just please be quiet.
Just please do it.
Just please do that.
Just please give me a chance.
Just please sit over there.
Just plonk it down on that endtable over by the couch, thanks.
Just plonk yourself down in this comfy chair and sit awhile.
Just plop it on the counter there.
Just pour in!
Just pray I'm right.
Just pray.
Just press the button and a clear photo will be produced by the latest technology.
Just press the green button.
Just press this function key on the keyboard to increase the volume of your audio.
Just pretend I'm not here.
Just pretend like everything is normal.
Just pretend like everything's normal.
Just pretend like we're not here.
Just pretend nothing happened.
Just pretend that it didn't happen.
Just pretend to be someone else.
Just pretend you don't know me.
Just pretend you're happy.
Just pretend.
Just promise me that you won't do anything silly.
Just promise me that you won't do anything stupid.
Just promise me that you won't do it again.
Just promise me that you won't do that again.
Just promise me that you won't do this again.
Just promise me that you won't get angry.
Just promise me that you'll be nice to Tom.
Just promise me that you'll stay away.
Just promise me that you're going to be careful.
Just promise me you won't do anything silly.
Just promise me you won't do anything stupid.
Just promise me you won't do it again.
Just promise me you won't do that again.
Just promise me you won't do that until I get back.
Just promise me you won't do this again.
Just promise me you won't get angry.
Just promise me you won't say anything.
Just promise me you'll be nice to Tom.
Just promise me you're going to be careful.
Just pull the door shut. It'll lock by itself.
Just pull the door shut. It’ll lock by itself.
Just pull the wishbone apart while making a wish.
Just pull up a deckchair and enjoy being at sea.
Just pull yourself together.
Just push down as hard as you can.
Just put an 'R' at the end of it. And now you have a new website!
Just put it anywhere.
Just put it back in your pocket.
Just put it back on the desk.
Just put it down here.
Just put it here, please.
Just put it here.
Just put it on my credit card.
Just put it on my tab.
Just put it on the desk.
Just put it on the table.
Just put it there.
Just put it wherever.
Just put some aside.
Just put that anywhere.
Just put the dirty washing in the clothes basket in the bathroom.
Just put the dirty washing in the linen basket in the bathroom.
Just put the facts together.
Just put the suitcases here.
Just put them anywhere.
Just put those packages anywhere.
Just put your stuff in there.
Just put your stuff in this box.
Just put your stuff over there.
Just put yourself in my shoes.
Just read the comments.
Just read the cue cards.
Just read the letter.
Just reading a computer manual is like practicing swimming on dry land.
Just reading that gave me anxiety.
Just reading the medicine made the cough go away.
Just recently we've started living together in a shared flat.
Just recently, I've become very lazy. I need to work to restore my self-esteem.
Just relax a minute.
Just relax a moment.
Just relax and be yourself.
Just relax and close your eyes.
Just relax and have fun.
Just relax and quit worrying.
Just relax, Tom, you're doing great.
Just relax.
Just relax. Be yourself.
Just relax. Everything's going to be all right.
Just remember I dropped everything to be here for you.
Just remember her name.
Just remember that I hate making decisions.
Just remember that I love you.
Just remember that Skura is a girl.
Just remember that Tom is not yet an adult.
Just remember that Tom is still a kid.
Just remember that time heals all wounds.
Just remember that.
Just remember to do what I asked you to do.
Just remember to have fun.
Just remember what I told you.
Just remember what Tom said.
Just remember what Tom told you.
Just remember, it's Halloween.
Just remember, never walk on your garden.
Just remember, you can't compete with the memory of your younger self.
Just remembering that these phrases are very useful for a conversation.
Just remembering that these phrases are very useful for communication.
Just remembering the smell of that rotten food makes me want to retch.
Just remind me what you want me to buy.
Just repeat after me.
Just repeat it.
Just respond yes to him and let it go.
Just rest now.
Just right here?
Just right now, I'm doing a rehearsal for the concert.
Just right!
Just roll the window down.
Just roll the window up.
Just round the corner.
Just run down to the post office, won't you?
Just run down to the post office, won’t you?
Just run further.
Just save your breath.
Just saw it.
Just say "Bonjour!" and they'll think that you're French!
Just say I want her!
Just say I want it.
Just say I want you!
Just say Jamal isn't here.
Just say it once.
Just say it.
Just say it. Grandpa is as deaf as a post.
Just say no to Creepy Uncle Joe.
Just say no to simplistic solutions.
Just say no.
Just say nothing.
Just say something like "Fuck off!" and see how he reacts.
Just say something short and simple.
Just say something!
Just say something.
Just say that I can't see him.
Just say the word and I'll do it.
Just say the word.
Just say what you think.
Just say what you want to say.
Just say what's in your heart.
Just say what's on your mind.
Just say whatever you want to say.
Just say whatever.
Just say when you're ready!
Just say where you are and I'll bring you the papers you need to sign.
Just say yes or no.
Just say yes to him and leave it.
Just say yes.
Just say you don't know.
Just say you love me.
Just say you started dating girls and you're too embarrassed to tell us.
Just say you were in love with me, you rascal!
Just say you'll stay.
Just say you're sorry.
Just saying you don't like fish because of the bones is not really a good reason for not liking fish.
Just seconds after wading into the pond, dozens of leeches had attached themselves to the boots.
Just see for yourself.
Just seeing a picture of food is enough and I start to feel sick.
Just seeing his house lets you know that he is poor.
Just seeing it made me nervous.
Just seeing what you are up to.
Just seeing you smile makes me happy.
Just set it down for now.
Just set it down.
Just settle down.
Just seven more days — then I'll see my sweetie again.
Just shout if you need help.
Just show me how to do that.
Just show me how you do that.
Just shut up and come help me.
Just shut up and get on with your work!
Just shut up and listen to me.
Just shut up and listen!
Just shut up and listen.
Just shut up for a minute, and I'll explain what happened.
Just shut up your big mouth.
Just shut up, OK?
Just shut up, will you?
Just shut up.
Just shut your mouth if you value your job.
Just shut your mouth or you'll regret it.
Just sign here.
Just sign the papers.
Just sign this.
Just sit and look out the window.
Just sit and relax.
Just sit back and enjoy the show.
Just sit back and watch.
Just sit back, relax and enjoy.
Just sit down and eat.
Just sit down and listen to me.
Just sit down and relax.
Just sit down and watch.
Just sit down, Tom.
Just sit down, and listen to me.
Just sit here and he'll come.
Just sit here and look out the window.
Just sit here and wait.
Just sit in the back.
Just sit over there with Tom.
Just sit over there with her.
Just sit over there with him.
Just sit over there with the others.
Just sit over there with them.
Just sit there and be quiet.
Just sit there and don't say anything.
Just sit there for a bit.
Just sit there.
Just sit tight, everyone.
Just sit tight.
Just sit, Ziri.
Just slow down.
Just smelling it grosses me out.
Just smile and be happy.
Just so we're clear, that was Tom's idea, not mine.
Just so we're clear, which one are we talking about?
Just so you know, I explained it for your sake.
Just so you know, I'm an FBI agent.
Just so you know, this is a very bad joke.
Just so you know, we have 24-hour technical support for your washing machine.
Just so you know, we're just friends.
Just so you know: no one feels sorry for you.
Just stand still.
Just stand there, please.
Just stand there.
Just stand up.
Just start again.
Just start anew.
Just start from scratch.
Just start from the beginning.
Just start talking.
Just start the car.
Just start the truck.
Just start walking.
Just start working.
Just stay a little bit longer.
Just stay as you are.
Just stay at home.
Just stay away from Rima.
Just stay away from Tom.
Just stay away from him.
Just stay away from me.
Just stay away from my daughter.
Just stay away.
Just stay back.
Just stay calm.
Just stay calm. It will go away.
Just stay close.
Just stay cool.
Just stay focused.
Just stay here all day.
Just stay here and wait.
Just stay here.
Just stay in front of me.
Just stay in the kitchen until Tom and Mary go home.
Just stay in the kitchen until Tom goes home.
Just stay in your room like I told you to.
Just stay objective.
Just stay off your feet for the next couple of weeks, and you'll be just fine.
Just stay off your feet for the next couple of weeks, and you’ll be just fine.
Just stay on this path.
Just stay out of it.
Just stay out of my business.
Just stay out of my closet.
Just stay out of my desk.
Just stay out of my face.
Just stay out of my life.
Just stay out of my room.
Just stay out of my suitcase.
Just stay out of my way.
Just stay out of our way.
Just stay out of this.
Just stay positive.
Just stay put for a minute while I look for him.
Just stay put while I go find the others.
Just stay put.
Just stay quiet.
Just stay right there.
Just stay still.
Just stay the way you are.
Just stay there and we'll come get you.
Just stay there.
Just stay true to yourself!
Just stay where you are and I'll bring you the papers you need to sign.
Just stay where you are.
Just staying alive in these times is hard enough.
Just step back.
Just step right over there.
Just stick around a few days and you'll come to love this place.
Just stick around a few days and you’ll come to love this place.
Just stick to the plan.
Just stick to the protocol, would you?
Just stop arguing with me.
Just stop bugging me, OK?
Just stop bugging me, okay?
Just stop calling me.
Just stop it already.
Just stop it.
Just stop playing games with me.
Just stop pretending to care about me.
Just stop that.
Just stop thinking about that.
Just stop this.
Just stop with the mean-spirited stuff.
Just stop worrying.
Just study Buddhism. Don't follow the sentiments of the world.
Just study Buddhism. Don’t follow the sentiments of the world.
Just sweep it under the rug.
Just swim.
Just take a closer look at it.
Just take a deep breath and relax.
Just take a deep breath.
Just take a little off the sides.
Just take a look around.
Just take a look.
Just take a number.
Just take a seat right here.
Just take a spoonful.
Just take it easy for a minute.
Just take it easy, OK?
Just take it easy.
Just take it slow.
Just take it slowly.
Just take it.
Just take me home.
Just take me in whichever way you prefer, I'm yours.
Just take mine.
Just take my hand.
Just take my money.
Just take my word for it.
Just take one swallow of this medicine.
Just take one.
Just take the truck and leave.
Just take water.
Just take what you need.
Just take what you want and get out of here.
Just take what you want and go.
Just take what you want and leave.
Just take your pick.
Just take your time.
Just talk about the language that you want learn. Why do you want to learn it?
Just talk among yourselves while I get organised here.
Just talk to Tom.
Just talk to her.
Just talk to him.
Just talk to me a minute.
Just talk to me.
Just talk with Tom.
Just talk with her.
Just talk with him.
Just talk with them.
Just talking about apple crisp is making my mouth water. Let's make it!
Just talking about your feelings can make you feel better.
Just talking really does help.
Just taste it and see if you like it.
Just tell Mary I'm looking for her.
Just tell Mary she'll have to wait another day.
Just tell Mary what you want her to do.
Just tell Mr Tate that Helen Cartwright is here to see him.
Just tell Tom I called.
Just tell Tom I can't see him today.
Just tell Tom I'll be a little late.
Just tell Tom I'm looking for him.
Just tell Tom and Mary I'm looking for them.
Just tell Tom and Mary they'll have to wait another day.
Just tell Tom and Mary what you want them to do.
Just tell Tom he'll have to wait another day.
Just tell Tom how you feel.
Just tell Tom no.
Just tell Tom not to worry.
Just tell Tom that I can't see him today.
Just tell Tom that I can't see him.
Just tell Tom the truth.
Just tell Tom to hurry up and do something.
Just tell Tom to hurry up.
Just tell Tom to leave me alone.
Just tell Tom to stop kissing Mary.
Just tell Tom what Mary told you.
Just tell Tom what we found out.
Just tell Tom what you need.
Just tell Tom what you saw.
Just tell Tom what you want him to do.
Just tell Tom what you want.
Just tell Tom what's in your heart.
Just tell her I called.
Just tell her how you feel.
Just tell her not to worry.
Just tell her to hurry up.
Just tell her what you need.
Just tell her what you want.
Just tell her you’re not interested.
Just tell him I called.
Just tell him I'm here.
Just tell him how you feel.
Just tell him like that.
Just tell him not to worry.
Just tell him the truth.
Just tell him to hurry up.
Just tell him what you need.
Just tell him what you saw.
Just tell him what you want.
Just tell him you’re not interested.
Just tell me any story.
Just tell me everything you know.
Just tell me her name.
Just tell me how much money you need and I'll lend it to you.
Just tell me how much money you need.
Just tell me how much you want.
Just tell me how to do it.
Just tell me how to do that.
Just tell me how you plan on doing that.
Just tell me how you plan to do that.
Just tell me how you want it.
Just tell me how you want me to do that.
Just tell me if it's true, please.
Just tell me if you liked the drawing.
Just tell me it was an accident.
Just tell me the truth.
Just tell me the truth. I promise I won't get mad.
Just tell me this isn't going to get me into trouble.
Just tell me this isn't going to get me thrown into jail.
Just tell me to leave and I'll leave.
Just tell me what I have to do.
Just tell me what I need to do.
Just tell me what I need to tell Tom.
Just tell me what I want to know.
Just tell me what Tom and Mary want.
Just tell me what Tom wants.
Just tell me what Tom's got to do with this?
Just tell me what happened next.
Just tell me what happened.
Just tell me what happens.
Just tell me what it is you want and I'll give it to you.
Just tell me what it is you want to know.
Just tell me what it is.
Just tell me what the matter is.
Just tell me what to do and I'll do it.
Just tell me what to do!
Just tell me what to do.
Just tell me what to say.
Just tell me what you did.
Just tell me what you know about Tom.
Just tell me what you know about the problem.
Just tell me what you know about the situation.
Just tell me what you need done.
Just tell me what you need me to do.
Just tell me what you need.
Just tell me what you saw.
Just tell me what you want and I'll give it to you.
Just tell me what you want done and I'll do it.
Just tell me what you want done.
Just tell me what you want from me.
Just tell me what you want me to do and I'll do it.
Just tell me what you want me to do.
Just tell me what you want.
Just tell me what you'd like me to do.
Just tell me what you're looking for.
Just tell me what you’d like me to do.
Just tell me what's going on.
Just tell me what's on your mind.
Just tell me what's up.
Just tell me what's wrong.
Just tell me when to show up.
Just tell me when you want to leave.
Just tell me when you're ready.
Just tell me where I can find Tom.
Just tell me where Tom and Mary are.
Just tell me where Tom is.
Just tell me where it is.
Just tell me where to go.
Just tell me where to put this stuff.
Just tell me where you are.
Just tell me where you got this.
Just tell me where you want me to put this box.
Just tell me where you were.
Just tell me which room Tom and Mary are in.
Just tell me which room Tom is in.
Just tell me who she is.
Just tell me who to call.
Just tell me who you are.
Just tell me who's next.
Just tell me why you're really here.
Just tell me you're OK.
Just tell me you're kidding.
Just tell me your name when you call me.
Just tell me, how much does a ticket cost?
Just tell me.
Just tell the truth.
Just tell them I called.
Just tell them I'm a consultant.
Just tell them no.
Just tell them not to worry.
Just tell them to hurry up.
Just tell them what you need.
Just tell them what you want.
Just tell them: "you're fine".
Just tell us the truth.
Just tell us what happened.
Just tell us what it is.
Just tell us what to do.
Just tell us what you need.
Just tell us what you saw.
Just tell us what you want to tell us, then leave.
Just tell us what you want us to do.
Just tell us what you want.
Just thank God Tom wasn't in there.
Just thank God Tom wasn't there.
Just that one work was unpopular at the exhibit.
Just that?
Just the first time was exciting.
Just the gesture is enough, thank you.
Just the idea of it terrifies me.
Just the man I wanted to see.
Just the once will not hurt.
Just the other day, Tom and Mary came over for a visit.
Just the other day, with no time to send for help, many people lost their lives.
Just the same old, same old.
Just the same!
Just the sight of that sauce made my stomach turn.
Just the sound of ’I love you’ makes me feel stronger.
Just the thought makes me want to puke.
Just the thought of Spanish makes me feel less cold.
Just the thought of it makes my skin prickle.
Just the word "French" has her wet her pants.
Just themselves know what they're saying.
Just then I heard footsteps in the stairwell.
Just then Tom heard somebody laughing.
Just then Tom heard someone laughing.
Just then Tom walked into the room.
Just then his boss came in and cut him down to size.
Just then one of my eyes saw a roadrunner skipping down the hill with a young tarantula in his bill, and the other eye noticed a rabbit-hawk sitting on a dead limb in a water-elm.
Just then she came into my room.
Just then she was called to the phone.
Just then the door opened a little way, and a creature with a long beak put its head out for a moment and said: "No admittance till the week after next!" and shut the door again with a bang.
Just then the phone rang.
Just then the two in question arrived at school.
Just then, Damiano called.
Just then, I heard the telephone ring.
Just then, Michael got a text from Linda.
Just then, Robert appeared.
Just then, Robert stormed off.
Just then, Tom entered the room.
Just then, Tom spoke up.
Just then, Tom started laughing.
Just then, Tom walked in.
Just then, Ziri came in.
Just then, Ziri came running.
Just then, Ziri got up and said he knew who did that.
Just then, Ziri popped up.
Just then, Ziri spoke up.
Just then, Ziri walked in.
Just then, a bright idea occurred to me.
Just then, a security guard walked over to Ziri.
Just then, several men walked through the gate.
Just then, the bus stopped.
Just then, the door burst open and a tall guy came into the room.
Just then, the door flew open and a detective walked in.
Just then, the light turned green.
Just then, the lights went off.
Just then, the professor came in.
Just then, the telephone rang.
Just then, the workers in the park brought over some small playing cards.
Just think about how you'd feel in a similar situation.
Just think about it, OK?
Just think about it.
Just think about something else.
Just think about this.
Just think of that.
Just think of the difficulties!
Just think what it could do for you.
Just think what we can buy with all that money.
Just think what we could do with that much money.
Just thinking about Spanish makes me feel warmer and takes my mind off the freezing cold I'm experiencing right now.
Just thinking about doing that makes me tired.
Just thinking about it makes me sick.
Just thinking about what Tom said makes me sad.
Just thinking about you makes my heart race.
Just thirteen people? Is that all?
Just this morning, Tom repaid Mary the money he owed her.
Just this morning, my wife told me she was pregnant.
Just this morning, my wife told me that she was pregnant.
Just this once, I'll make an exception.
Just this once.
Just three kilometers past my house is complete wilderness.
Just three weeks after opening in theaters, Star Wars: The Force Awakens has become the top grossing film of all time in North America, according to The Walt Disney Company.
Just throw anything into the wind.
Just throw it away.
Just throw it in the back seat.
Just throw that in the trash can.
Just throw the organic waste in the compost bin.
Just throw them away.
Just throw your bicycle in the back of the truck and I'll drive you home.
Just throw your bicycle in the back of the truck and I’ll drive you home.
Just to be clear, Yanni and I are not a thing.
Just to be clear, this was not me.
Just to be clear, what exactly do you want me to do?
Just to be on the safe side, why don't you take an umbrella with you?
Just to remove any doubt, I no longer live with my parents.
Just to think about the accident makes me shudder.
Just to warn you in advance, today's blog is no fun.
Just to warn you in advance, today’s blog is no fun.
Just to watch it made me nervous.
Just today, we had a man in who collects Old Master paintings, and he understands about Renaissance bronzes.
Just touch it.
Just trust me.
Just trust us.
Just try and make me.
Just try and stay calm.
Just try and stop me.
Just try doing it.
Just try it out.
Just try it.
Just try not to try.
Just try stopping me!
Just try to act as if everything is OK.
Just try to act as if nothing has happened.
Just try to calm down.
Just try to come back home in one piece.
Just try to do what you can do.
Just try to do your best.
Just try to enjoy yourself.
Just try to get in my way!
Just try to keep calm.
Just try to look at the whole issue without your party-political blinkers on.
Just try to look busy.
Just try to relax.
Just try to stay calm.
Just try to stay out of my way.
Just try to stay out of the way.
Just try to stop me.
Just try to think outside the box.
Just try to wing it.
Just try your best to speak Berber.
Just turn around for a second.
Just turn around.
Just turn the TV on.
Just turn this handle.
Just two days before the end of campaigning, he addressed a half-full stadium in a Dakar suburb.
Just two months after Sami proposed, the couple tied the knot.
Just two more minutes and you're there!
Just under 10 feet tall and nearly 1,000 pounds, the statue is being called the “little sister” to the much bigger one France shipped to New York in 1885.
Just under half of the living species of booted eagle are found in Africa.
Just undo the button.
Just use mine for now.
Just using a compass and straight-edge, you cannot construct an angle which is a third of another angle, but you can do that with origami.
Just wait a bit longer. I have something I want to test out.
Just wait a bit. I have something I want to test out.
Just wait a little please. He hasn't arrived yet.
Just wait a little while.
Just wait a minute, please.
Just wait a minute.
Just wait a moment, please.
Just wait a moment.
Just wait a second.
Just wait and see.
Just wait for love to find you.
Just wait for me there.
Just wait for my signal.
Just wait for us here.
Just wait here until I get back.
Just wait here until help arrives.
Just wait here.
Just wait in the car.
Just wait over there. I'll be back in a sec.
Just wait right here.
Just wait there.
Just wait till I get my hands on that two-timing bastard!
Just wait till you get older.
Just wait till your father gets home.
Just wait until I get a hold of Tom.
Just wait until next year.
Just wait until tomorrow.
Just wait until you see the end.
Just wait!
Just wait, God will punish you and you'll see!
Just wait, tomorrow I'll tell your father!
Just wait.
Just walk away, and you won't get hurt.
Just walk away.
Just walk over there and introduce yourself.
Just wandering around can be a good way to travel.
Just watch I'll again be right.
Just watch and learn.
Just watch and listen.
Just watch how I do it.
Just watch me.
Just watch this.
Just watch what'll happen.
Just watch your step.
Just watching.
Just water, please.
Just water.
Just west of Rio de Janeiro, Furtada Island is widely known as "Island of the Cats."
Just what I needed.
Just what are you insinuating?
Just what are you trying to do?
Just what do you expect me to do?
Just what do you expect of me?
Just what do you expect to find?
Just what do you mean?
Just what do you propose to do with Tom?
Just what do you think you're doing?
Just what do you want me to find out?
Just what exactly are you trying to say?
Just what exactly do you want me to do?
Just what exactly is a marquess?
Just what have you done? Aren't you also my friend?
Just what is Tom's secret?
Just what is it you want from me?
Just what is it you want?
Just what is the Japanese Bushido spirit?
Just what makes you so high and mighty?
Just what the heck are you doing?
Just what the heck is going on here?
Just what time do you think it is? You're bothering everyone in the neighborhood blasting your music this late, you know that?
Just what time period is "Hong Fan" a product of? Although people have debated this issue for ages, there is still no clear consensus to this day.
Just what was the plan?
Just what were you planning?
Just what you'd expect of a young lady, you certainly weren't left to live as you pleased.
Just what you’d expect of a young lady, you certainly weren’t left to live as you pleased.
Just what's going on here?
Just when I needed you most, you left.
Just when I think I’m getting close to succeeding, they move the goalposts on me.
Just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in.
Just when I thought things couldn't get worse, I heard an explosion.
Just when I want to say something, you start singing – and badly, at that.
Just when I was about to do that, it started raining.
Just when I was about to phone her, a letter arrived from her.
Just when I was getting the hang of things, I was in a traffic accident and had to stay two months in the hospital.
Just when Ziri was sneaking out of the house, he bumped into Rima.
Just when he was beginning the task, the angel of God called out from the heavens, 'Abraham!' He answered immediately.
Just when it looked like electronic components could not get smaller, scientists in the United States announced that they have created the first transistor that — for all practical purposes — has only two dimensions.
Just when she said "Ooh, what a beautiful star," a star fell across the sky and a blue light quickly fainted in a diagonal trajectory, dragging behind a faint tail.
Just when the bank was about to foreclose on her home, she came into a lot of money.
Just when the caterpillar thought the world was over, it became a butterfly.
Just when the first human beings will reach Mars remains to be seen.
Just when things were going well for Yanni, he had a heart attack and died on April 4th, 2004.
Just when will you learn to tie your own shoes?
Just when you start thinking it's all in your head, it really does get smaller.
Just when you thought there couldn't be anything crazier than Wikipedia, along came Tatoeba.
Just when you're busy doing nothing, someone goes and interrupts you.
Just where are you going?
Just where do you think you're going?
Just where have you been loitering around without your attendants?
Just where the hell have you been, Mary?
Just where were you?
Just where you are – that's the place to start.
Just who are you anyway?
Just who are you?
Just who do you think you are?
Just who the hell do you think you are?
Just whose side are you on?
Just why are boys so disgusting?
Just why? Why did you do that?
Just wondering how you are doing.
Just work hard.
Just wrap it up.
Just wrap them up.
Just write a few new sentences. The last lot were from a month ago.
Just write what you see!
Just write.
Just yesterday I told that dope about everything, and today he's playing his old tricks again! What's wrong with him?
Just you and me.
Just you be careful.
Just you try!
Just you wait and see, idiots.
Just you wait and see.
Just your friends steal your books.
Justice always comes, sooner or later.
Justice and kindness are virtues.
Justice be done.
Justice delayed is justice denied.
Justice demands retribution!
Justice doesn't always prevail.
Justice has been served.
Justice in this country is a bit of a double standard: there is the justice of the poor and the justice of the rich.
Justice is a delusion.
Justice is a hallucination.
Justice is a hoax.
Justice is a mere illusion in today's world.
Justice is a scam by Big Government to sell more government.
Justice is a virtue.
Justice is an illusion.
Justice is blind, but it is not dumb.
Justice is blind, but it is not foolish.
Justice is blind.
Justice is expensive.
Justice is expressed through actions.
Justice is found in a courtroom.
Justice is justice.
Justice is not always fair.
Justice is slow, but eventual.
Justice is the constant and perpetual desire to give to each one that to which he is entitled. Jurisprudence is the knowledge of matters divine and human, and the comprehension of what is just and what is unjust.
Justice is to judge men on their own merits, not according to their names or their ideas.
Justice is what love looks like in public.
Justice must be done.
Justice must be restored.
Justice requires the denunciation and sanctioning of crimes of war and crimes against humanity.
Justice was an important goal for her.
Justice will assert itself.
Justice will be done.
Justice will be restored.
Justice will be served, whether here or in the hereafter.
Justice will catch up with Tom one day.
Justice will prevail in the end.
Justice will prevail.
Justice will take its course.
Justice without mercy is cruelty; mercy without justice is the mother of dissolution.
Justice, when it is slow, gives the impression that injustice is gaining ground.
Justify your attitude, come on, justify being there when it all happened.
Justin Bieber is more famous than Katie Holmes.
Justin Bieber is under investigation for throwing eggs at his neighbor's home.
Justin Bieber was arrested in Miami Beach today.
Justin Bieber will never reach puberty.
Justin Devuono is from an Italian American family and studying computer science at Harvard University in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
Justin Timberlake is the sexiest male musician on earth. This judgement comes courtesy of lingerie purveyor Victoria's Secret, which just issued its annual assessment of celebrity pulchritude.
Justin describes himself as "a guy who always keeps his eyes opened to new opportunities."
Justin is feminine.
Justin said he felt the most difficult part of maintaining their relationship was to communicate and form a meaningful relationship with Khea's family, because they don't speak English.
Justin's home was raided by the police and they found cocaine in plain-sight.
Justine made short work of her opponents in her own personal variant of chess.
Justinian, in despair, considered fleeing but his wife is said to have dissuaded him.
Justyna's boss doesn't care about her well-being.
Juvenile crimes have been increasing recently.
Juvenile delinquency has been on the rise recently.
Juvenile delinquency is increasing.
Juvenile delinquency is on the increase at a rapid pace.
Juventus played against AC Milan in Turin in the second leg of the Italian cup semi-final.
Juárez knows it without any doubt.
Jérôme put his feet in the dish.
Jésus is alive!
Jóhann Jóhannsson was an Icelandic musician and composer.
Józsika is in the garden.
Józsika is not in the house.
Jörgen teaches Greek.
Jørgen and Mette have a big house.
Jørgen is learning Greek.
Jørgen sent the letter to Mette.
Jürgen Klopp's a soccer genius.
K, an introvert, lives with Joi, played by Ana de Armas, a beautiful, loving companion but a digital application. Their intangible relationship highlights the isolation and artificiality around them.
K-cups have a large environmental impact.
K-pop is currently flavour of the month.
K.I.S.S.
K2 is about 200 meters shorter than Nepal’s Mount Everest, which is the world’s tallest peak and part of the Himalayan range.
K2-18b is not 'Earth 2.0' but it brings us closer to answering the fundamental question: Is the Earth unique?
Kaamatan ensouls natural.
Kaavan lost his partner elephant, Saheli, in 2012. She died due to a leg infection caused by the chains.
Kaavan was held in chains for years in an insufficient enclosure and was forced to perform in front of visitors.
Kaavan, an Asian elephant dubbed the “world’s loneliest” has encountered another of his species for the first time in eight years after having been flown to a Cambodian wildlife sanctuary from years of abusive captivity in a Pakistan zoo.
Kabbalah is an esoteric tradition within Judaism.
Kaboom!
Kabuki dancers wear spectacular and flamboyant kimonos.
Kabuki is an old Japanese art.
Kabul fell to the Taliban, again.
Kabul is Afghanistan's capital city.
Kabul is Afghanistan's capital.
Kabul is Afghanistan's largest city and serves as the political, cultural, and economic hub of the nation.
Kabul is the capital of Afghanistan.
Kabye people fought terrorism and Islamic fundamentalism fiercely in the 1990s.
Kabyle and Algerian Christians are persecuted in their country.
Kabyle and Chenoui are two dialects of the same language, called Berber, and they're mutually intelligible.
Kabyle and Riffian are dialects of the same language and they are mutually intelligible.
Kabyle and Shawi are both dialects of the same language.
Kabyle and Shawi are both part of the same language.
Kabyle and Shawi are commonly acknowledged as two mutually intelligible dialects of the Berber language.
Kabyle and Shawi are mutually intelligible Berber dialects, which means that the speakers of one can understand speakers of the other without significant difficulty.
Kabyle and Shawi are mutually intelligible and their native speakers can communicate with each other while using their own mother dialects.
Kabyle and Shawi are mutually intelligible and their native speakers can communicate with each other without any significant difficulty.
Kabyle and Shawi are mutually intelligible and this means that the speakers of either dialect can readily understand each other without great effort or any study.
Kabyle and Shawi are mutually intelligible and this means that the speakers of the two dialects can understand one another without any significant difficulty.
Kabyle and Shawi are mutually intelligible and you can go from Bejaia, in Kabyle, all the way to Arris, in the Aures region, and be understood the whole way.
Kabyle and Shawi are mutually intelligible as their native speakers can communicate with each other without significant difficulty.
Kabyle and Shawi are mutually intelligible dialects and this means that a Kabyle speaker and a Shawi speaker can understand each other just fine.
Kabyle and Shawi are mutually intelligible dialects of the same language.
Kabyle and Shawi are mutually intelligible in both spoken and written forms.
Kabyle and Shawi are mutually intelligible to a large extent.
Kabyle and Shawi are mutually intelligible. This means that the speakers of each of the dialects can understand the other dialect.
Kabyle and Shawi are so closely interconnected as to be mutually intelligible. In fact, both are dialects of the same language known as Berber.
Kabyle and Shawi are the dialects of a single language known as Berber.
Kabyle and Shawi are two Berber dialects that are mutually intelligible.
Kabyle and Shawi are two dialects of the same language and they are mutually intelligible.
Kabyle and Shawi are two mutually intelligible dialects of the Berber language.
Kabyle and Shawi are two spoken varieties of the same language, Berber.
Kabyle and Shawi that spoken varieties of Berber that are mutually intelligible.
Kabyle and Shawi, two mutually intelligible dialects, are part of the Berber language.
Kabyle and Shenwa are mutually intelligible as the speakers of one dialect can readily understand the other dialect.
Kabyle and the Shenwa dialect are mutually intelligible.
Kabyle are the indigenous people of Algeria.
Kabyle authority protects Kabyle language and culture.
Kabyle blood is halal.
Kabyle bread goes well with oil.
Kabyle bread is good with oil.
Kabyle craftsmanship, maraboutic fame.
Kabyle dresses are beautiful.
Kabyle dresses are handmade.
Kabyle dresses are made in Algeria.
Kabyle dresses are popular in Algeria.
Kabyle dresses are so beautiful.
Kabyle dresses are sold in all of Algeria.
Kabyle dresses are usually not revealing.
Kabyle dresses are usually white or yellow.
Kabyle dresses are very popular in Algeria.
Kabyle dresses come in all colors.
Kabyle dresses look so good on you.
Kabyle food is delicious.
Kabyle food is great.
Kabyle girls are attractive.
Kabyle girls are beautiful.
Kabyle girls are incredibly beautiful.
Kabyle girls are very beautiful.
Kabyle has its place in the digital world.
Kabyle is a Berber dialect and is closely related to and mutually intelligible with Shawi.
Kabyle is a Berber dialect of Kabylie.
Kabyle is a Berber dialect spoken in northeastern Algeria.
Kabyle is a Berber dialect spoken in the Algerian region of Kabylie.
Kabyle is a Berber dialect spoken in the mountainous area of Kabylie, in northeastern Algeria.
Kabyle is a Berber dialect spoken in the mountainous region of Kabylie, in northeastern Algeria.
Kabyle is a Berber dialect that's very similar to Shawi.
Kabyle is a Berber dialect which is spoken in a mountainous region of Kabylie, in the north-east of Algeria.
Kabyle is a Berber dialect, and it's spoken in the mountainous area of Kabylie, in northeastern Algeria.
Kabyle is a Berber dialect.
Kabyle is a Berber language.
Kabyle is a dialect of the Berber language spoken in Algeria.
Kabyle is a dialect of the Berber language.
Kabyle is a language in its own right since it has its own ISO.
Kabyle is a language like the other languages.
Kabyle is a language spoken by the Kabyles.
Kabyle is a language, not a dialect.
Kabyle is a northern Berber dialect.
Kabyle is a northern dialect of the Berber language.
Kabyle is a really cool language.
Kabyle is an important language.
Kabyle is closely related to and mutually intelligible with the Berber dialects of Shenwa and the Blida Atlas.
Kabyle is easy to learn.
Kabyle is good as it is.
Kabyle is just one variety of the Berber language.
Kabyle is most mutually intelligible with Shenwa and the Berber dialect of the Blida Atlas.
Kabyle is my language.
Kabyle is my mother tongue.
Kabyle is my mother.
Kabyle is my region and it's located in northeastern Algeria.
Kabyle is not just talk.
Kabyle is not just words.
Kabyle is not only a language, it is also a culture and values.
Kabyle is one of many Berber dialects.
Kabyle is one of the languages threatened in Algeria.
Kabyle is our mother tongue.
Kabyle is part of the Berber language family spoken in Algeria.
Kabyle is starting to be recognized.
Kabyle is the Berber dialect that I grew up speaking.
Kabyle is the Berber vernacular I use and I'll stick to it.
Kabyle is the essence of our life.
Kabyle is the foundation of our life.
Kabyle is the language of Matoub Lounès and Mohya.
Kabyle is the language of my father and my grandfather, as well as my great grandfather.
Kabyle is the language of the Kabyles.
Kabyle is the language we love more than ourselves.
Kabyle is the most spoken Berber dialect in Algeria.
Kabyle is the second most spoken Berber dialect in North Africa.
Kabyle is the variant of the Berber language that I use.
Kabyle is their language.
Kabyle is your culture.
Kabyle is your light.
Kabyle liberated me.
Kabyle literature is just getting started.
Kabyle men are incredibly attractive.
Kabyle men are incredibly good-looking and sexy.
Kabyle music is beautiful and fluid.
Kabyle music is fluid.
Kabyle music was playing loudly.
Kabyle oil really tastes great.
Kabyle people are proud with their identity.
Kabyle people before, call a mountain in the middle of lowland, aqbu.
Kabyle people boycott Algerian elections every time.
Kabyle people integrate easily into other societies.
Kabyle people like their language.
Kabyle people love their language.
Kabyle red "Aza" is the equivalent of the red cross.
Kabyle separatists are looking to save their language, culture, and identity.
Kabyle singer Amirouche visited Algeria.
Kabyle textiles, the notoriety of saints.
Kabyle villagers are decent, honest, and good people who love their country, Algeria.
Kabyle weaving, Marabout reputation.
Kabyle weddings are so beautiful.
Kabyle women are fighting for their rights and freedom.
Kabyle women are incredibly attractive.
Kabyle women are incredibly beautiful.
Kabyle women are so beautiful.
Kabyle women are very beautiful.
Kabyle women like Kabyle dresses.
Kabyle women like Kabyle traditional jewelry.
Kabyle women look magnificent.
Kabyle women wear beautiful traditional dresses.
Kabyle, Algeria, is one of the best places where you can learn Berber.
Kabyle, Shawi and Riffian are all mutually intelligible Berber dialects.
Kabyle, Shawi and Riffian are all mutually intelligible Berber variants.
Kabyle, Shawi, Shenwa, and Riffian are all mutually intelligible dialects of the same Northern Berber dialect continuum.
Kabyle, a Berber dialect, is spoken by millions of people in Kabylie, a mountainous area in northeastern Algeria.
Kabyle, a dialect of the Berber language, is spoken in Kabylie, a mountainous area in northern Algeria.
Kabyle, a dialect of the Berber language, is spoken in northern Algeria.
Kabyle, a dialect of the Berber language, is spoken in the mountainous area of Kabylie, in northeastern Algeria.
Kabyle, a northern Berber dialect, is spoken by millions of people in Algeria.
Kabyle, the Berber dialect of Kabylie, is mutually intelligible with many northern Berber dialects including Shawi.
Kabyle, which is the most popular spoken dialect of Berber in Algeria, is serving as a base for building a standard Berber in the country.
Kabyles and Shawis are the largest Berber-speaking groups in Algeria.
Kabyles and Shawis speak Berber.
Kabyles and Shawis speak pretty much the same language called Berber.
Kabyles and Shawis speak the same language called Berber.
Kabyles and Shawis speak the same language: Berber.
Kabyles and Shawis understand each other perfectly well.
Kabyles are Algerian and they're not for sale.
Kabyles are Algerian citizens and they can move freely around Algeria.
Kabyles are Algerian.
Kabyles are Algerians and they can move freely around Algeria.
Kabyles are Algerians yesterday, today and tomorrow.
Kabyles are Algerians.
Kabyles are Berbers and they speak Berber.
Kabyles are Berbers who speak Berber.
Kabyles are Muslim.
Kabyles are Muslims.
Kabyles are Sunni Muslim.
Kabyles are Sunni Muslims.
Kabyles are Sunnis.
Kabyles are a Berber-speaking Muslim population that live in northeastern Algeria.
Kabyles are a Berber-speaking group.
Kabyles are a Berberophone group that lives in northeastern Algeria.
Kabyles are a close-knit community.
Kabyles are also Sunni Muslims.
Kabyles are and will always be Algerian.
Kabyles are and will always remain Algerian.
Kabyles are everywhere in Algeria and no one has the right to seek to separate Kabylie from the rest of the country.
Kabyles are fair-skinned.
Kabyles are for a united Algeria.
Kabyles are highly proud people.
Kabyles are hospitable people.
Kabyles are not a "persecuted ethnic minority." They are Algerian citizens and they can move freely around Algeria.
Kabyles are not a "persecuted indigenous ethnic group." There are millions of Kabyles in all parts of Algeria and they are well integrated at all the levels of the Algerian society.
Kabyles are of course overwhelmingly Muslim.
Kabyles are one of the largest Berber-speaking groups in North Africa.
Kabyles are proud of their culture and language.
Kabyles are proud of who they are.
Kabyles are proud to be Algerian.
Kabyles are the largest Berber-speaking group in Algeria.
Kabyles are the largest Berber-speaking group in North Africa.
Kabyles are totally integrated in Algeria.
Kabyles are well integrated in Algeria.
Kabyles enjoy the same rights and freedoms the rest of their Algerian fellow citizens enjoy.
Kabyles fought for a united Algeria.
Kabyles fought for the independence of Algeria.
Kabyles have a strong preference for secularism.
Kabyles have managed to keep their Muslim faith intact for centuries.
Kabyles have strong ties to Islam.
Kabyles have their own language and culture and most of the time they have a strong preference for secularism.
Kabyles have their own language and culture.
Kabyles identify themselves as Algerians.
Kabyles like fresh figs.
Kabyles live in the northeast of Algeria.
Kabyles live in valleys and mountains.
Kabyles love Che Guevara.
Kabyles mostly live in the northeast of Algeria.
Kabyles reject separatism.
Kabyles reject this terrorist group.
Kabyles represent the largest Berber-speaking group in Algeria.
Kabyles speak Berber and they are Sunni Muslim.
Kabyles speak Berber.
Kabyles speak Kabyle, which is a Berber dialect.
Kabyles speak a dialect of Berber.
Kabyles speak a dialect of the Berber language.
Kabyles speak a variety of Berber.
Kabyles speak the Berber language.
Kabyles that live in Kabylie are Algerian.
Kabyles want a united Algeria.
Kabyles! Read your literature.
Kabyles, and Algerians in general, are not afraid of terrorists.
Kabyles, write in Kabyle.
Kabylia and Algeria are two opposing countries.
Kabylia covers several provinces: Tizi Ouzou and Bejaia, part of Bouira and parts of the city of Boumerdes, Jijel, Setif and Bordj Bou Arreridj. Gouraya National Park and Djurdjura National Park are also located in Kabylia.
Kabylia doesn't have many ports.
Kabylia has a long history.
Kabylia has agricultural land.
Kabylia has always been autonomous even during the Turkish colonization of North Africa.
Kabylia has an important port located in Bejaia.
Kabylia has been colonized by Algeria since 1962.
Kabylia has its own academy which came into being on June 14, 2022.
Kabylia has its own academy.
Kabylia has its own flag, its national anthem and its own constitution.
Kabylia has its own flag.
Kabylia has its own parliament.
Kabylia has played in the 2018 CONIFA World Football Cup qualification.
Kabylia is a country apart.
Kabylia is a democratic and secular country.
Kabylia is a humanist and democratic project.
Kabylia is a land of olives.
Kabylia is a land of sunshine that must carry good wines within it.
Kabylia is a welcoming country.
Kabylia is an island for poets, artists, dreamers.
Kabylia is beautiful.
Kabylia is big.
Kabylia is called "Tamurt n Leqbayel" in Kabyle.
Kabylia is free.
Kabylia is located in North Africa.
Kabylia is part of the UNPO, the organization of nations without states.
Kabylia is represented all over the world.
Kabylia is so beautiful.
Kabylia is under Algerian colonization.
Kabylia loves Ukraine and Russia.
Kabylia produces a lot of olive oil, figs, prickly pears, pomegranates and grapes.
Kabylia will only be at peace by regaining its independence, like the United States, which freed itself from the United Kingdom.
Kabylia will only be at peace once it is independent.
Kabylia will soon be an independent country.
Kabylia, located on the northern Mediterranean coast of Algeria, remained its own country throughout the Middle Ages and the Ottoman days, only to become part of Algeria proper during the French colonization period in the mid-19th century.
Kabylian infrastructure is relatively good.
Kabylians appreciate silver more than gold.
Kabylians love Che Guevara.
Kabylians love Japanese.
Kabylians respect all people.
Kabylians want to learn all the languages in the world.
Kabylie and southern Italy look very similar.
Kabylie attracts a lot of tourists.
Kabylie attracts thousands of tourists each year.
Kabylie belongs to Algeria.
Kabylie can be very cold in the winter.
Kabylie can get almost completely covered in snow in the winter.
Kabylie can never achieve independence because it is not only overcrowded, but it has no natural resources.
Kabylie could be considered the Switzerland of Algeria.
Kabylie could be labeled the Switzerland of Algeria.
Kabylie could become the Switzerland of Algeria.
Kabylie doesn't have an official flag.
Kabylie doesn't have official administrative borders.
Kabylie doesn't have official borders.
Kabylie doesn't need any more violence.
Kabylie doesn't need racism.
Kabylie gave birth to many renowned Algerian intellectuals including Mouloud Mammeri, Mouloud Feraoun and Mohamed Arkoun.
Kabylie has a relatively well educated population compared to the rest of Algeria.
Kabylie has a village named after my family.
Kabylie has always belonged to Algeria.
Kabylie has beautiful beaches.
Kabylie has beautiful mountains.
Kabylie has beautiful villages.
Kabylie has been invaded by Arabs since 1962.
Kabylie has few natural resources.
Kabylie has gorgeous mountains.
Kabylie has little natural resources.
Kabylie has many beautiful villages.
Kabylie has no distinct political status whatever and is an integral part of Algeria.
Kabylie has no official borders.
Kabylie has no official flag and it's part of Algeria.
Kabylie has no official flag.
Kabylie has so many fascinating villages.
Kabylie has the largest Berber-speaking population in Algeria.
Kabylie has the third highest mountain in Algeria.
Kabylie has thousands of hills.
Kabylie is Algeria and Algeria is Kabylie.
Kabylie is Algeria's heart.
Kabylie is Algeria's top tourist destination in the north.
Kabylie is Algeria.
Kabylie is Algerian.
Kabylie is a Berber speaking region.
Kabylie is a Berber-speaking area in northeastern Algeria.
Kabylie is a Berber-speaking area in the northeast of Algeria.
Kabylie is a Berber-speaking region in northeastern Algeria.
Kabylie is a Berber-speaking region in the northeast of Algeria.
Kabylie is a Berber-speaking region.
Kabylie is a beautiful mountainous region located in northeastern Algeria.
Kabylie is a beautiful region located in northeastern Algeria.
Kabylie is a beautiful region located in northern Algeria.
Kabylie is a beautiful region situated in northeastern Algeria.
Kabylie is a beautiful region situated in northern Algerian.
Kabylie is a beautiful region, too.
Kabylie is a beautiful region.
Kabylie is a clean region.
Kabylie is a country in its own right.
Kabylie is a densely populated Berber speaking region located in northeastern Algeria.
Kabylie is a lovely region.
Kabylie is a mainly mountainous region in northeastern Algeria.
Kabylie is a mountainous region in northern Algeria.
Kabylie is a mountainous region located in the north of Algeria.
Kabylie is a mountainous region situated in northeastern Algeria.
Kabylie is a mountainous region.
Kabylie is a part of Algeria.
Kabylie is a really nice region.
Kabylie is a really special place.
Kabylie is a region I visit quite often.
Kabylie is a region located in the north of Algeria.
Kabylie is a scenic area.
Kabylie is a secure country unlike Algeria.
Kabylie is a small and beautiful region.
Kabylie is a small region but it's densely populated.
Kabylie is a small region but it's very mountainous.
Kabylie is a small region located in northeastern Algeria.
Kabylie is a special place.
Kabylie is a tolerant country unlike Algeria.
Kabylie is a very beautiful region located in northern Algeria.
Kabylie is a very beautiful region.
Kabylie is a very interesting region located in northeastern Algeria.
Kabylie is a very peaceful region.
Kabylie is a very unique region.
Kabylie is a wonderful area.
Kabylie is a wonderful region.
Kabylie is amazing.
Kabylie is an Algerian region located on the Mediterranean coast.
Kabylie is an Algerian region.
Kabylie is an amazing area.
Kabylie is an amazing region to go.
Kabylie is an amazing region.
Kabylie is an hour away from Algiers.
Kabylie is an integral part of Algeria and it's not for sale.
Kabylie is an integral part of Algeria.
Kabylie is and will always be Algerian.
Kabylie is and will always be part of Algeria.
Kabylie is and will always remain Algerian.
Kabylie is and will always remain part of Algeria.
Kabylie is beautiful, yes.
Kabylie is beautiful.
Kabylie is cold in the winter.
Kabylie is for Algerians.
Kabylie is full of activity.
Kabylie is home to the third highest mountain in Algeria.
Kabylie is in Algeria's northeast.
Kabylie is in Algeria.
Kabylie is in northeastern Algeria.
Kabylie is in northern Algeria.
Kabylie is in the heart of Algeria and can never be separated from it.
Kabylie is in the north of Algeria.
Kabylie is in the northeast of Algeria.
Kabylie is just an hour away.
Kabylie is just an hour from Algiers.
Kabylie is known for its lovely winding roads.
Kabylie is known for its many varieties of figs.
Kabylie is known for its olive oil.
Kabylie is known for olive oil.
Kabylie is like a small Switzerland within Algeria.
Kabylie is located 50 kilometers east of Algiers.
Kabylie is located in Algeria.
Kabylie is located in northeastern Algeria.
Kabylie is mainly mountainous which attracts a lot of tourists.
Kabylie is my favorite region in Algeria.
Kabylie is my home area and it's part of Algeria.
Kabylie is my home area.
Kabylie is my region.
Kabylie is my region. It's located in Algeria.
Kabylie is named after the Berber tribes that live in it.
Kabylie is not for sale. In fact, it's an integral part of Algeria.
Kabylie is one of Algeria's best loved tourist destinations.
Kabylie is one of Algeria's most important Berber-speaking regions.
Kabylie is one of Algeria's most visited regions.
Kabylie is one of the best places in Algeria for investing in tourism.
Kabylie is one of the few Algerian regions where one can see and film Barbary macaques.
Kabylie is one of the most beautiful places in Algeria.
Kabylie is one of the most beautiful regions in Algeria.
Kabylie is one of the most beautiful regions in our country.
Kabylie is one of the most naturally beautiful regions in Algeria.
Kabylie is only fifty kilometers from Algiers.
Kabylie is our favorite region in Algeria.
Kabylie is our region.
Kabylie is part of Algeria and belongs to all Algerians.
Kabylie is part of Algeria and has no distinct political status whatsoever.
Kabylie is part of Algeria and if you don't like that, leave!
Kabylie is part of Algeria and it's not for sale.
Kabylie is part of Algeria and will always be.
Kabylie is part of Algeria, and if you live in Kabylie and don't like that, leave!
Kabylie is part of Algeria.
Kabylie is politically unstable.
Kabylie is predominantly mountainous.
Kabylie is really cool.
Kabylie is really unique.
Kabylie is renowned throughout Algeria for its olive oil.
Kabylie is safe now.
Kabylie is situated in Algeria.
Kabylie is small and beautiful.
Kabylie is so beautiful.
Kabylie is so tiny that you almost can't see it on a world map.
Kabylie is such a dynamic region.
Kabylie is the area where my parents were born.
Kabylie is the area where your grandparents come from.
Kabylie is the beating heart of Algeria.
Kabylie is the country of Kabyle people.
Kabylie is the densest populated rural area in Algeria.
Kabylie is the heart of Algeria.
Kabylie is the most beautiful region in Algeria.
Kabylie is the most densely populated rural area in Algeria.
Kabylie is the most wonderful region in Algeria.
Kabylie is the region where I was born and raised.
Kabylie is the region where my parents and I were born. It's located in Algeria.
Kabylie is the region where we can find the largest number of Berber speakers outside of Morocco.
Kabylie is very cold in the winter.
Kabylie is very similar to Sicily.
Kabylie is where my parents were born.
Kabylie isn't a country on its own. It's part of Algeria.
Kabylie isn't a small isolated island. It's part of Algeria and it's just an hour away from Algiers, the Algerian capital city.
Kabylie isn't the only place in Algeria where Berber is spoken.
Kabylie isn't very far from here.
Kabylie looks so pretty.
Kabylie totally belongs to Algeria. There is no question about it.
Kabylie was beautiful back then.
Kabylie was the last region we visited in Algeria.
Kabylie will attract thousands of tourists in the future.
Kabylie will never be Algeria's power keg.
Kabylie's physical geography is relatively homogeneous.
Kabylie, Algeria, attracts many tourists in the summer.
Kabylie, Algeria, has amazing mountains.
Kabylie, Algeria, has beautiful landscapes.
Kabylie, Algeria, has beautiful sights.
Kabylie, Algeria, is a beautiful region.
Kabylie, Algeria, is a densely populated region.
Kabylie, Algeria, is a very beautiful region.
Kabylie, Algeria, is a very nice region to visit.
Kabylie, Algeria, is a very populated region.
Kabylie, Algeria, is almost a small world of its own.
Kabylie, Algeria, is beautiful.
Kabylie, Algeria, is incredibly beautiful.
Kabylie, Algeria, is mostly mountainous.
Kabylie, Algeria, is my home area.
Kabylie, Algeria, is one of my favorite regions in the entire world.
Kabylie, Algeria, is one of the most densely populated areas in the world.
Kabylie, Algeria, is one of the most densely populated rural regions in the world.
Kabylie, Algeria, is pretty cold in the winter.
Kabylie, Algeria, is relatively safe now.
Kabylie, Algeria, is the birthplace of Mouloud Mammeri.
Kabylie, Algeria, is the region where we can find the largest number of Berber speakers outside of Morocco.
Kabylie, a Berber-speaking region in northern Algeria, is similar to southern France.
Kabylie, a densely populated area, is one of Algeria's Berber-speaking regions.
Kabylie, a mountainous area in northeastern Algeria, is named after the Kabyles, the Berber-speaking population that lives there.
Kabylie, a region in northeastern Algeria, has a really strong identity.
Kabylie, a region in northeastern Algeria, has a very dense population.
Kabylie, a region in northeastern Algeria, has no oil.
Kabylie, a region in northeastern Algeria, is very similar to southern Italy.
Kabylie, a region located in northeastern Algeria, has majestic mountains.
Kabylie, a region located in northeastern Algeria, is densely populated.
Kabylie, in northeastern Algeria, has an insane amount of hills and mountains.
Kabylie, what a lovely place!
Kabylie, which is part of Algeria, has no official borders.
Kabylity is what unites us, we Kabyles.
Kachere Rehabilitation Center is Malawi’s only free inpatient rehabilitation facility and has since 1995 helped hundreds who suffered from injuries such as strokes and spinal cord injuries.
Kaci came to Kaysa's house.
Kaci delights in entertaining the public.
Kaci enjoys amusing the crowd.
Kaci loves to make people laugh.
Kaci's body was found.
Kafka is an insect.
Kagawa Prefecture's capital is Takamatsu City.
Kagizman would become New Hampshire's fourth female senator in a matter of months.
Kagoshima Prefecture's capital is Kagoshima City.
Kahane was wrong.
Kahane wasn't right.
Kahina is a housewife.
Kahn mostly created public buildings such as museums and libraries. However, he also designed a few houses. His most famous home is the Fisher house near Philadelphia. It is made of several box-shaped buildings. The house is made out of glass, wood and stone. Many windows provide a view of the nearby trees.
Kahn, a University of Pennsylvania professor, taught at Yale part-time — when he wasn't designing other icons of modernism, including the Kimbell Museum of Art in Texas, the Indian Institute of Management, and Bangladesh's parliament building — as well as another museum for Yale, the Center for British Art.
Kaikai is wearing blue clothes to go to the kindergarten.
Kailash Satyarthi, an Indian children's rights activist and Nobel peace prize laureate, led the 1998 Global March of enslaved and trafficked children. He said progress has been made since then, but much remains to be done.
Kaisa has a fiery temper.
Kaisa has a fiery temperament.
Kaiser was born in Germany.
Kaiser will go to Germany next week.
Kaiserschmarrn is a relatively cheap food.
Kaishuu made nothing of hardship.
Kai’s nest is near the tiptop of a Ponderosa Pine.
Kalaallit Nunaat should be independent.
Kale chips are addictive.
Kale has been called a superfood.
Kale is a healthy vegetable.
Kale is considered a superfood.
Kale is one of the vegetables I like least.
Kaleidoscopic prints saturate my blank mind, creating vital memories and burning thoughts.
Kalema-Zikusoka says her group works with villagers to develop the tourism potential of healthy and well cared for animals. For example, tourists in Uganda will often pay up to $500 to view gorillas for one hour. In fact, she says half of the revenue for the Uganda Wildlife Authority, the country’s wildlife management agency, comes from mountain gorilla eco-tourism.
Kali is the Hindu goddess of time.
Kalina is the girlfriend of BronisÅ‚aw.
Kalina is the girlfriend of Bronisław.
Kaliningrad was once called Koenigsberg.
Kalman absolutely hated camping.
Kalman accepted the king's pardon.
Kalman accidentally discovered a lost tribe in the Amazon.
Kalman added another ship to his command.
Kalman agreed right away.
Kalman alerted the others by yelling.
Kalman always portrayed himself as the fearless leader type.
Kalman always wanted to do everything with his cousins.
Kalman and Boldi began fighting brutally.
Kalman and Boldi were drinking and talking.
Kalman and Olivia began talking to each other.
Kalman and Olivia both started falling asleep.
Kalman and Olivia carried on the conversation for some forty minutes.
Kalman and Olivia clung to each other, paralyzed with fear.
Kalman and Olivia continued discussing.
Kalman and Olivia decided to meet up at the Telemly Bridge.
Kalman and Olivia did a lot of fun things together in the summer.
Kalman and Olivia had overactive imaginations.
Kalman and Olivia have been married for five years.
Kalman and Olivia have only been dating for a short time.
Kalman and Olivia partied that night and went to bed late.
Kalman and Olivia planned to spend the night together.
Kalman and Olivia played some card games.
Kalman and Olivia still camp together.
Kalman and Olivia walked over the bridge together.
Kalman and Olivia wanted to have some true alone time.
Kalman and Olivia were enjoying their time together.
Kalman and Olivia were leap-frogging each other.
Kalman and Olivia were sabotaging each other.
Kalman and Olivia were sharing jokes and laughs by the campfire.
Kalman and Olivia were whispering and laughing with one another.
Kalman and Olivia weren't the first people to camp in that area.
Kalman and Olivia wrote really scary stories together.
Kalman and Olivia's relationship was declining to new lows.
Kalman and Rima were pretty much in only ones in that area.
Kalman and his friends sat around the campfire, sharing scary stories.
Kalman appeared from the trees.
Kalman arrived at that desolate location.
Kalman asked Boldi if he would be his roommate.
Kalman asked Olivia again to go with him in a less friendly tone.
Kalman asked Olivia again to go with him to the river.
Kalman asked Olivia again what that noise was.
Kalman asked Olivia if she saw that shadow, too.
Kalman asked Olivia if she was being serious.
Kalman asked Olivia to help him with the door.
Kalman asked for directions in Berber.
Kalman asked the cops what was going on.
Kalman ate as much dinner as he could.
Kalman avoided many traps.
Kalman became Sunni.
Kalman became uneasy.
Kalman began running in the opposite direction.
Kalman began sprinting again.
Kalman began to drag Olivia away.
Kalman began to drive.
Kalman blamed Olivia for the situation.
Kalman booked the same room in the same hotel.
Kalman borrowed a lot of money.
Kalman bought all that awesome camping stuff.
Kalman bought some cat food for his hedgehog.
Kalman bought the entire island.
Kalman brought a hedgehog home.
Kalman brought his Nikon to take photos.
Kalman brought out his handgun.
Kalman brought the key to the cabin.
Kalman built a fire and roasted marshmallows.
Kalman built a treehouse deep into the woods.
Kalman bumped into an Greek patrol and was saved.
Kalman burnt down the ships that he had seized.
Kalman came across fresh footprints.
Kalman came across our camp.
Kalman came back later in the night.
Kalman came from a respectable family.
Kalman came home before his duty was over.
Kalman came into sight.
Kalman came out and completely drained the pool.
Kalman came out of the room.
Kalman came out to follow Olivia.
Kalman came running frantically back to the truck.
Kalman came running.
Kalman came to scare Olivia.
Kalman came up to Olivia's RV.
Kalman camped in a circular clearing.
Kalman camped in a wooded area.
Kalman camped in the woods behind his house.
Kalman camped near the untamed river.
Kalman camped on his property in the middle of nowhere.
Kalman can see Olivia from the tent.
Kalman can see the truck from his room.
Kalman can swim in the lake.
Kalman can't go camping without Boldi.
Kalman captained his own ship.
Kalman caught a glimpse of Olivia.
Kalman caught another giant water bug.
Kalman changed his behavior.
Kalman changed his tone instantly.
Kalman chewed tobacco and snuffed.
Kalman chilled by the pool.
Kalman cleaned the cage.
Kalman cleaned the pool that day.
Kalman clearly heard footsteps on the front porch.
Kalman confessed to the crimes he was accused of.
Kalman considered leaving Algiers altogether to travel across Algeria.
Kalman continued conversing on his cellphone.
Kalman continued hiding.
Kalman continued his journeys.
Kalman continued his way up to Algeria.
Kalman continued on his path.
Kalman continued to back away.
Kalman continued to hike.
Kalman continued to shower.
Kalman contracted syphilis in his younger years.
Kalman could hear Olivia's footsteps.
Kalman couldn't hear that sound at all.
Kalman couldn't make out what the vehicle was.
Kalman couldn't see Olivia from the kitchen window.
Kalman couldn't see a single thing besides the ring of light coming from the campfire.
Kalman couldn't see much of Olivia.
Kalman couldn't shake off that dreadful feeling of being watched.
Kalman couldn't understand Olivia's language.
Kalman decided to become a pirate.
Kalman decided to cut his trip short.
Kalman decided to do drugs out of the house.
Kalman decided to eat McDonald's for the rest of his life.
Kalman decided to go a little early.
Kalman decided to go for a quick walk down that road.
Kalman decided to go hunting at night.
Kalman decided to go to the lake to swim.
Kalman decided to renovate the house to make it look like a log cabin.
Kalman decided to sleep in the living room.
Kalman decided to take an extra holiday for himself.
Kalman decided to take up piracy.
Kalman decided to treat himself to a delicious pizza.
Kalman decorated the living area.
Kalman definitely had something off about him.
Kalman did all that without so much as a thank you.
Kalman did that as a show of strength.
Kalman didn't actually know Olivia.
Kalman didn't expect a chance to go drinking.
Kalman didn't go back down to the basement for days.
Kalman didn't go outside to look.
Kalman didn't have anything to worry about.
Kalman didn't introduce himself.
Kalman didn't know how to approach the situation.
Kalman didn't know what he was shooting at.
Kalman didn't move. He just looked at us.
Kalman didn't notice those lights at first.
Kalman didn't pay attention to any of the sounds.
Kalman didn't plan on entering the cabin.
Kalman didn't radio in to tell Olivia he was there.
Kalman didn't really care that much about it at the time.
Kalman didn't really like that.
Kalman didn't recognize that truck at all.
Kalman didn't recognize those noises.
Kalman didn't say anything back.
Kalman didn't seem to have noticed Olivia.
Kalman didn't seem to think anything was wrong.
Kalman didn't sleep very well.
Kalman didn't stop talking.
Kalman didn't stop to look back.
Kalman didn't wake anyone up.
Kalman didn't want Olivia to get lost.
Kalman didn't want to get drunk with his uncle.
Kalman didn't want to take any chances.
Kalman didn't want to worry his parents.
Kalman died in battle.
Kalman died under mysterious circumstances.
Kalman dipped his legs into the shallows.
Kalman disappeared back into the woods.
Kalman disguised himself as a beggar.
Kalman dismissed the noises as just animals.
Kalman dived into his tent.
Kalman doesn't believe in Islam.
Kalman doesn't believe in things like Bigfoot, werewolves, and aliens.
Kalman doesn't have money for the vet.
Kalman doesn't like being home alone.
Kalman doesn't like to go camping anymore.
Kalman doesn't live here.
Kalman doesn't talk much.
Kalman doesn't want to run anymore.
Kalman doesn't want you to come.
Kalman double-checked the locks before going to bed.
Kalman doubted his chances of ever getting a good job in France.
Kalman drank beer and his mom didn't really care.
Kalman drank the bottle of wine behind a tree.
Kalman drove as fast as he could.
Kalman drove drunk.
Kalman drove on the dirt roads.
Kalman drove to town to get gas and supplies, mainly beer.
Kalman dumped the body there.
Kalman emerged from the tree line.
Kalman encouraged the children to watch "Arthur."
Kalman enjoyed doing that.
Kalman enjoyed the park's scenic views.
Kalman entered the village.
Kalman entered the woods in search for Olivia's campsite.
Kalman escaped Ukraine and is here in Canada.
Kalman escaped death row.
Kalman escaped from the correctional center.
Kalman established a regime based on political loyalty to him.
Kalman even learnt some Berber.
Kalman eventually passed out in his tent.
Kalman exited the trail.
Kalman experienced paranormal stuff at the cabin.
Kalman explained how that machine used to work.
Kalman explained what was going on.
Kalman explored, hunted and camped in the area.
Kalman farted inside the closet.
Kalman fed his hedgehog cat food.
Kalman fed his hedgehog insects.
Kalman feeds his hedgehog a lot of insects.
Kalman feeds his hedgehog live insects.
Kalman fell asleep and his wife did as well.
Kalman fell backwards, crushing to the ground.
Kalman fell in love instantly with Chrea.
Kalman fell in the shower.
Kalman felt disoriented.
Kalman felt isolated from the rest of the world.
Kalman felt like crying.
Kalman felt pretty guilty for scaring Olivia so bad.
Kalman felt so alone.
Kalman felt so much fear staring into Olivia's eyes.
Kalman felt suspicious.
Kalman felt very tense being in the woods with that guy.
Kalman finally came back.
Kalman finally found a spot to camp.
Kalman finally managed to find his way back to civilization.
Kalman finally stopped.
Kalman finished everything up.
Kalman flagged down a police car.
Kalman flew with the exit door open.
Kalman flung a rock at the boat.
Kalman followed Olivia to her campsite.
Kalman followed Olivia to the cottage.
Kalman found Olivia at the campsite.
Kalman found a nice cabin in the woods.
Kalman found a spot to set up camp by the river.
Kalman found an abandoned hedgehog in the parking lot.
Kalman found an awesome place for us to camp.
Kalman found animal entrails all over the place.
Kalman found nothing including the gun.
Kalman found some couscous in the fridge.
Kalman found the trail.
Kalman gave Olivia a walkie-talkie.
Kalman gave cat food to his hedgehog.
Kalman gave some chicken to his hedgehog.
Kalman glanced over to Olivia and she was fast asleep.
Kalman got back in touch with Olivia a few days later.
Kalman got back into the truck.
Kalman got back to camp.
Kalman got back to his tent just before dark.
Kalman got close to Olivia's ear and said: "There is something in the woods looking at us."
Kalman got drunk with his uncle.
Kalman got his legs out of the pool.
Kalman got in the RV and sped out.
Kalman got in the truck and sped off as quickly as he could.
Kalman got into his tent early.
Kalman got out of the RV to stretch his legs.
Kalman got out of the truck with his gun raised.
Kalman got really cold.
Kalman got the feeling that something was off.
Kalman got the fire going.
Kalman got the fire started for us.
Kalman got the hedgehog out of its cage.
Kalman got to the lake.
Kalman got to the main road.
Kalman got to the river bank.
Kalman got up and went to look outside.
Kalman got up to grab a blanket.
Kalman grabbed Olivia's hand and dragged her out of the tent.
Kalman grabbed Olivia's hand and led the way.
Kalman grabbed Olivia's hand to calm her.
Kalman granted himself greater powers.
Kalman grew larger in size.
Kalman grew up with a Berber surname.
Kalman had a bedroom on the first floor.
Kalman had a blank face.
Kalman had a good education.
Kalman had a knife to cut branches.
Kalman had a lot of freedom.
Kalman had a lot of kids.
Kalman had a mask on.
Kalman had a truly fearsome reputation.
Kalman had an awesome sense of humor.
Kalman had breakfast in the morning.
Kalman had dreadlocks.
Kalman had extensive business connections throughout Algeria.
Kalman had hardly any ammo left.
Kalman had his gun at the ready.
Kalman had his head down and didn't say a single word.
Kalman had his pistol nearby.
Kalman had no explanation for that.
Kalman had no idea where that guy came.
Kalman had no way to defend himself against bears and wolves.
Kalman had some alcohol in the cooler.
Kalman had some beer on him.
Kalman had the campfire set up.
Kalman had to flee Ukraine.
Kalman had to turn off the AC.
Kalman handed Olivia a beer through the window.
Kalman handled his hedgehog gently.
Kalman has a little cabin with a loft that he sleeps in.
Kalman has always been fascinated by the ancient Aztec civilization.
Kalman has always loved camping.
Kalman has become famous for solving riddles.
Kalman has been drinking.
Kalman has been planning a camping trip with his wife and dad for over a year.
Kalman has dinner to prepare.
Kalman has five donkeys on the property.
Kalman has found something down the river.
Kalman has gone too far.
Kalman has got a package.
Kalman has just arrived at the campsite.
Kalman has just finished his exams at school.
Kalman has just separated from his fiancee.
Kalman has never had an accident.
Kalman has nightmares about that haunted cabin even today.
Kalman has recently been here.
Kalman has so many pets.
Kalman has to modify this cage for his hedgehog.
Kalman has to travel to Algiers for a funeral.
Kalman hated the fact of being in that cottage without wifi.
Kalman headed back home afterward.
Kalman headed back to the cottage.
Kalman headed deeper into the forest.
Kalman headed to bed.
Kalman headed towards the German position under heavy fire.
Kalman heard Olivia breathing heavily.
Kalman heard Olivia yell something.
Kalman heard a bear growling.
Kalman heard a clinking noise.
Kalman heard a long guttural growl in the woods.
Kalman heard a long guttural growl.
Kalman heard a loud knocking coming from the front door.
Kalman heard a noise to his left.
Kalman heard a pack of jackals in the distance.
Kalman heard an odd noise.
Kalman heard branches snapping.
Kalman heard breathing and footsteps outside his tent.
Kalman heard footsteps approaching the RV.
Kalman heard footsteps coming from up the hill.
Kalman heard footsteps in leaves.
Kalman heard footsteps in the snow just outside the windows.
Kalman heard footsteps on the front porch of the cabin.
Kalman heard his name and looked up.
Kalman heard leaves scuffling.
Kalman heard noises in the trees above him.
Kalman heard one of his friends snoring.
Kalman heard people screaming, laughing and talking.
Kalman heard shuffling in the dark.
Kalman heard some kind of crying upstairs.
Kalman heard some weird noises in the woods.
Kalman heard someone clearing his throat.
Kalman heard something climbing up the tree.
Kalman heard something outside the tent.
Kalman heard sticks falling in the woods.
Kalman heard strange noises all night long.
Kalman heard strange noises from the woods.
Kalman heard strange noises in the forest.
Kalman heard that hundreds of times.
Kalman heard that voice again.
Kalman heard the antelope run off.
Kalman heard the commotion.
Kalman heard the crunching of branches.
Kalman heard the engine start.
Kalman heard the horses heading back to the field.
Kalman heard the horses running fast.
Kalman heard the howling of jackals in the distance.
Kalman heard the leaves crunching again.
Kalman heard the noise twice.
Kalman heard the strangest animal sound he had ever heard, if it was an animal at all.
Kalman heard us talking.
Kalman heard what sounded like breathing in the room.
Kalman heard what sounded like someone walking around his camp.
Kalman held out his hand, but he had nothing in it.
Kalman held the hedgehog close to his body.
Kalman hiked for hours.
Kalman hiked some mountain trails.
Kalman hiked through the dense forest.
Kalman hiked through the dense jungle.
Kalman hurt himself.
Kalman ignored the flight attendant.
Kalman ignored the sounds and slept.
Kalman immediately darted away.
Kalman immediately made Olivia stop talking.
Kalman instantly sprinted to the top of the hill.
Kalman is Algerian like you.
Kalman is a career Islamophobe.
Kalman is a pretty skeptical person when it comes to the paranormal.
Kalman is also a Berber teacher.
Kalman is an adult now.
Kalman is fed up with the constant interruptions during his work meetings.
Kalman is getting an ulcer.
Kalman is going to study Berber.
Kalman is in the Islamophobic industry.
Kalman is incapable of causing anyone else harm.
Kalman is known for his dislike for Islam.
Kalman is new to birds.
Kalman is not giving Olivia a gift.
Kalman is not in the mood for all this crazy crap.
Kalman is out of town.
Kalman is pretty active.
Kalman is proud of his Algerian identity.
Kalman is still grounded.
Kalman is the most indecisive person I know.
Kalman is the only Muslim in town.
Kalman is the outdoorsy type.
Kalman is traveling to Algiers.
Kalman is walking like Robocop.
Kalman isn't Olivia's first hedgehog.
Kalman isn't afraid of running into that creature again.
Kalman isn't likely to forget that any time soon.
Kalman joined the "Walking and Hiking Society."
Kalman joked that Olivia was a Satanist.
Kalman jumped down.
Kalman jumped in the RV and sped away.
Kalman jumped into the bed.
Kalman jumped out of his skin.
Kalman just nodded and laughed.
Kalman just sat and watched.
Kalman just started to laugh.
Kalman just stood still like a statue.
Kalman just stood there in the rain.
Kalman kept clutching the cross around his neck and saying those little prayers to himself.
Kalman kept his eyes on the trees the whole time.
Kalman kept looking for Olivia for years.
Kalman kept looking to the side of the road.
Kalman kept mumbling under his breath.
Kalman kept staring at that creature.
Kalman kept up with Olivia effortlessly.
Kalman kept watching the movie.
Kalman kicked Olivia in the knee.
Kalman knew he was going back to prison.
Kalman knew something about the victim.
Kalman knew something was out there.
Kalman knew that that was the way out.
Kalman knew what to expect.
Kalman knew where that feeling was coming from.
Kalman knows everyone.
Kalman laid down his carbine.
Kalman landed in a forest.
Kalman learnt a considerable amount of Berber.
Kalman leaves his hedgehog in its cage all the time.
Kalman left all of his stuff in the tent.
Kalman left early in the morning.
Kalman left for a camping trip.
Kalman left for a party down the street.
Kalman left his RV in the woods.
Kalman left his hedgehog alone for days on end.
Kalman left his house to embark on a one-week camping adventure.
Kalman left his native Algeria at the age of five.
Kalman left in a hurry.
Kalman left some chicken in the fridge.
Kalman left the campsite a little after noon.
Kalman left the campsite immediately in the morning.
Kalman left the dagger underneath his pillow.
Kalman left the plane.
Kalman left the site.
Kalman lent Boldi his lucky sweater.
Kalman let Boldi and Olivia go by themselves.
Kalman let Olivia go early.
Kalman let Olivia know that he was going to go outside.
Kalman listened intently.
Kalman listened to an audiobook.
Kalman listened to footsteps outside the cottage.
Kalman listened to the calming sound of the woods.
Kalman lived in a different wilaya.
Kalman lived in a one-hundred-year-old cabin.
Kalman lived in a rural town.
Kalman lived in an old log cabin.
Kalman lives in a forty-acre horse ranch.
Kalman lives nearby.
Kalman loaded his pistol.
Kalman locked the door behind us.
Kalman locked the door to his room.
Kalman looked at Olivia like she was insane.
Kalman looked confused.
Kalman looked inside.
Kalman looked like a normal man in his early forties.
Kalman looked like he was about to charge towards Olivia.
Kalman looked out in that direction.
Kalman looked out the windows.
Kalman looked over at his friend.
Kalman looked up and saw nothing.
Kalman looked upset.
Kalman looked very concerned.
Kalman looked visibly upset.
Kalman lost his flagship.
Kalman lost some of the money.
Kalman lounged in Olivia's direction.
Kalman made his campfire there.
Kalman made his way out of the woods.
Kalman made it back to that narrow trail.
Kalman made it back to the trail.
Kalman made it to the top of the hill.
Kalman made some hot dogs.
Kalman made us breakfast.
Kalman makes a living off of Islamophobia.
Kalman met us at the location.
Kalman mostly stayed awake for the entire night.
Kalman mounted a successful escape.
Kalman moved the couch.
Kalman must have been born some time around 2004.
Kalman napped for thirty or forty minutes.
Kalman needed more firewood.
Kalman needed to get his mind off the night before.
Kalman needed to have a few beers to calm down.
Kalman needs to be careful.
Kalman never camps alone.
Kalman never heard anything again.
Kalman never saw Olivia look so shaken and serious.
Kalman never saw anything.
Kalman never spent the night out there again.
Kalman never visited that place.
Kalman never went out there again.
Kalman noticed a dark figure standing at the foot of his bed.
Kalman noticed a movement in the dark.
Kalman noticed a shadow moving.
Kalman noticed he had a missed call.
Kalman noticed that Olivia was injured and bleeding profusely.
Kalman offered to get the fire started for us.
Kalman only spent five nights in Chrea.
Kalman only stays in cabins with doors that can lock.
Kalman opened the door to the cabin.
Kalman opened the package.
Kalman ordered us a pizza.
Kalman organized a trip to Chrea.
Kalman organized a trip to the beach with his friends.
Kalman owned a large portion of the land in the area.
Kalman owned an RV.
Kalman owns a cabin in Chrea, Algeria.
Kalman owns a hedgehog.
Kalman owns reptiles.
Kalman packed his bag and headed out there.
Kalman packed up and left that night.
Kalman paid off his mountainous debts.
Kalman paused the video.
Kalman peeked around the tree.
Kalman phoned the police right away.
Kalman photographed exotic wildlife like jaguars and coatis.
Kalman picked Olivia up from her house.
Kalman picked his hedgehog up gently.
Kalman picked the hedgehog up and handed it to Olivia.
Kalman picked up everything and put it in the RV.
Kalman picked up his friend, Boldi.
Kalman planned a camping trip with his friends.
Kalman played music.
Kalman poured some water down his throat.
Kalman poured water onto the wound.
Kalman prepared to die by his own hand.
Kalman probably knew who Olivia was.
Kalman pulled over there and he shut the truck off.
Kalman put animal entrails on Olivia's porch.
Kalman put his hands up in a defensive position.
Kalman put his hedgehog back in its cage.
Kalman put his hedgehog in a wire cage.
Kalman put the baby down for a nap.
Kalman quickly came to Olivia's side.
Kalman quickly made his way to the campsite.
Kalman quickly set up his tent.
Kalman quietly got out of the truck.
Kalman quietly snuck out of the tent.
Kalman raised the Algerian flag.
Kalman ran as fast as he could.
Kalman ran away from the cabin.
Kalman ran back towards his truck.
Kalman ran back up the stairs.
Kalman ran for forty seconds.
Kalman ran full speed off into the woods.
Kalman ran full-speed for what felt like miles.
Kalman ran into the bathroom and locked himself in there.
Kalman ran into the house.
Kalman ran off and left his friends to die.
Kalman ran off when Olivia looked at him.
Kalman ran out of ammunition.
Kalman ran out of food and water.
Kalman ran to his parents' room.
Kalman ran to that room and grabbed a rifle.
Kalman ran to the nearest conservation building he could find.
Kalman ran towards the truck again.
Kalman rarely went out at nighttime.
Kalman reached the campsite.
Kalman read the Quran dozens of times.
Kalman realized he wasn't alone.
Kalman realized something was not quite right.
Kalman realized that he didn't know that woman.
Kalman really wanted to see his girlfriend.
Kalman rebuilt the treehouse.
Kalman recanted his confessions.
Kalman received a package from Algeria.
Kalman refuelled.
Kalman refused to go back there.
Kalman refused to go down there to hunt.
Kalman refuted those claims.
Kalman released Olivia and disappeared into the shadows.
Kalman relocated there for work.
Kalman relocated to the Algerian capital.
Kalman rented a cabin in Tala Guilef, Algeria.
Kalman rented a cabin in the middle of nowhere in the Blida Atlas.
Kalman returned the call.
Kalman returned to his tent.
Kalman rode in the bed of the truck.
Kalman rolled over to the other side of the bed.
Kalman said hello in a confused voice.
Kalman said that next time, he wouldn't miss.
Kalman sat at a picnic table to make a call.
Kalman sat down for a moment.
Kalman sat outside for a while.
Kalman sat silent.
Kalman saw Olivia walking by herself.
Kalman saw Olivia walking on the road.
Kalman saw a boat in the river.
Kalman saw a figure in the corner of his eye.
Kalman saw a figure moving in the shadows.
Kalman saw a light on the other side of the lake.
Kalman saw a massive creature with antlers atop its head.
Kalman saw a shadow from his peripheral vision.
Kalman saw a shadow just standing still in the middle of the room.
Kalman saw a shadow move.
Kalman saw a shadowy figure lurking in the dark.
Kalman saw a very massive dark-haired creature in the woods.
Kalman saw and heard nothing.
Kalman saw lights moving in the woods.
Kalman saw nothing.
Kalman saw signs of human activity in that part of the jungle.
Kalman saw some weird lights off in the woods.
Kalman saw something move.
Kalman saw that shadow once more.
Kalman saw that woman with that rose tattoo again.
Kalman saw the strange shadow again.
Kalman saw those eyes peering at him through the dark.
Kalman scratched at Olivia's tent.
Kalman screamed "Oh, my God!" in Berber.
Kalman screamed and Olivia woke up.
Kalman screamed and ran.
Kalman screamed and turned to run.
Kalman screwed the door shut.
Kalman seemed concerned about Olivia.
Kalman sent the kids to bed.
Kalman set up a tent for Olivia.
Kalman set up his tent deep in the woods.
Kalman set up his tent in the middle of a large forest.
Kalman set up his tent under a huge oak tree.
Kalman set up the tent and went to bed early.
Kalman shot a couple of times.
Kalman showed no fear.
Kalman signalled to Olivia to run to the truck.
Kalman slept in a bed.
Kalman slept in his hammock.
Kalman slowed the bus down for Olivia.
Kalman slowed the plane down.
Kalman slowly acclimated himself to the high altitude.
Kalman slowly rose to his feet.
Kalman slowly unzipped his tent and crawled out.
Kalman slowly walked around the RV.
Kalman smothered the fire.
Kalman snatched the bag from Olivia's grip.
Kalman solidified his control of the country.
Kalman spent a couple hours in the RV.
Kalman spent all day swimming in the lake.
Kalman spent most of the day swinging from trees.
Kalman spent several days away.
Kalman spent some time at his cousin's house.
Kalman spent the entire time driving.
Kalman spent the night in a reportedly haunted house.
Kalman spent the rest of his life living in a cave.
Kalman spent the rest of the night in his treehouse until the sun came up.
Kalman spoke in a delicate and polite voice.
Kalman spoke nothing of it.
Kalman spotted a blue jay in the forest.
Kalman spotted a man walking behind him.
Kalman sprang up from his sleep and started looking around the room.
Kalman sprinted back to his room.
Kalman stared at Olivia for ten seconds in total disbelief.
Kalman started backing away.
Kalman started camping a lot.
Kalman started dating his new girlfriend.
Kalman started dozing off and fell asleep.
Kalman started grunting.
Kalman started hearing leaves crunching.
Kalman started hearing scratching.
Kalman started learning about his Algerian background.
Kalman started leaving camp.
Kalman started making a little small talk with the girl.
Kalman started running, terrified.
Kalman started seeing a therapist.
Kalman started serving abroad that ship.
Kalman started sleeping downstairs.
Kalman started sprinting away.
Kalman started talking to Olivia right away.
Kalman started the story.
Kalman started the truck and left the area.
Kalman started to eat some prepackaged food.
Kalman started to fall asleep again.
Kalman started to gag.
Kalman started to hear a shuffling sound.
Kalman started to hear whispers.
Kalman started to nod off again.
Kalman started to pack up his tools.
Kalman started to pet his hedgehog.
Kalman started to piece together everything.
Kalman started to see figures lurking in the shadows.
Kalman started to see the sun through the treehouse slots.
Kalman started yelling some deep-throated gibberish.
Kalman stayed awake until dawn.
Kalman stayed awake until the sun came up.
Kalman stayed in Chrea five nights.
Kalman stayed in a cabin with doors.
Kalman stayed in the bed.
Kalman stayed in the room next to us.
Kalman stayed quiet, clutching his pistol.
Kalman stepped into the ring.
Kalman stepped out of the tree line.
Kalman still lived at home with his parents.
Kalman still think about that creature.
Kalman stole all of our supplies while we were sleeping.
Kalman stood several yards away.
Kalman stood there in the freezing cold for forty minutes until his parents came.
Kalman stopped and stood still, listening.
Kalman stopped and turned to his left immediately.
Kalman stopped his truck and walked the rest of the way.
Kalman stopped making videos.
Kalman stopped moving abruptly.
Kalman struck Boldi in the neck with his cutlass.
Kalman talked Olivia into going camping.
Kalman talked about camping.
Kalman talked about his experiences.
Kalman talked to Olivia for a little while.
Kalman talked to the park ranger very aggressively.
Kalman talked to the ranger in a very aggressive voice.
Kalman teaches Islam at mosques and universities.
Kalman tended his mother's herd.
Kalman thought the scratching was made by mice.
Kalman threw rocks at the boat.
Kalman told Olivia that she was being crazy.
Kalman told Olivia to come out of the bathroom.
Kalman told Olivia to stay inside with him.
Kalman told Olivia to take the bomb with her.
Kalman told Olivia when she woke up.
Kalman told Olivia where he was planning to go.
Kalman told people his story.
Kalman told the kids to go to bed.
Kalman took Olivia to go with him to collect wood.
Kalman took a leak behind a tree.
Kalman took a semester off and got a job.
Kalman took a trip to Algiers.
Kalman took a trip to the city center.
Kalman took a walk around the Roman ruins.
Kalman took his hedgehog to a vet.
Kalman took out a knife and stabbed Olivia.
Kalman took the RV out into the woods.
Kalman took up a teaching position.
Kalman toured the world.
Kalman tried not to bring attention to himself.
Kalman tried not to draw any attention to him.
Kalman tried not to think about that too much.
Kalman tried to describe Chrea the best he could.
Kalman tried to enjoy that camping trip.
Kalman tried to find what was making that noise.
Kalman tried to get into the cottage.
Kalman tried to ignore that noise and continued his hike.
Kalman tried to keep his cool, but the fear was too much.
Kalman tried to peek through the kitchen window with his parents.
Kalman tried to scare the jackal off.
Kalman tried to steal Olivia's gas.
Kalman tried to take a nap.
Kalman tried turning the TV off, but it wouldn't.
Kalman turned around and nobody was there.
Kalman turned around to Olivia.
Kalman turned off his phone and just listened.
Kalman turned off the TV himself.
Kalman turned off the lights to sleep.
Kalman turned on his phone flashlight to light the steps.
Kalman turned the truck off and locked it.
Kalman turned to Olivia.
Kalman unzipped his tent and dragged himself out.
Kalman unzipped the screen window and looked out.
Kalman used protective gloves.
Kalman used the intercom.
Kalman used thick gloves to pick up his hedgehog.
Kalman used to camp all the time with his family.
Kalman used to cry a lot.
Kalman used to go to the mountains every year.
Kalman used to live in Chrea, in a tiny house in the woods.
Kalman used to work at an upscale hotel.
Kalman uses leather gloves to pick his hedgehog up.
Kalman very quickly climbed that tall tree.
Kalman very rarely came across another vehicle on that narrow road.
Kalman visited an old mining town that had been abandoned in the early 1940s.
Kalman visited plenty of reportedly haunted places in Algeria.
Kalman visited that rundown town.
Kalman visited the Holy Land.
Kalman visited the town of Tigzirt in Algeria.
Kalman visits his fiancee often.
Kalman vowed to never return to that place again.
Kalman waited for Olivia to fall asleep.
Kalman waited outside until his family returned from their walk in the woods.
Kalman waited until he finally got service, then called the police.
Kalman walked back to his cabin.
Kalman walked back to the campsite.
Kalman walked out into the night.
Kalman walked out of sight.
Kalman walked over to his tent to inspect it.
Kalman walked through the woods in complete darkness.
Kalman walked to the back of the cottage.
Kalman walked up to the cabin.
Kalman wanted Olivia to know where he was.
Kalman wanted to bond with his hedgehog.
Kalman wanted to buy a hedgehog.
Kalman wanted to camp out in the woods.
Kalman wanted to convert as many people as he could to Islam.
Kalman wanted to disconnect from the world and reconnect with nature.
Kalman wanted to do some exploring.
Kalman wanted to end things with Olivia.
Kalman wanted to feed his hedgehog steamed vegetables.
Kalman wanted to gain muscle mass.
Kalman wanted to get his hedgehog trust him.
Kalman wanted to give his hedgehog cat food.
Kalman wanted to give the money away.
Kalman wanted to kick Olivia out.
Kalman wanted to relax a little bit before bed.
Kalman wanted to rob Olivia.
Kalman wanted to see the lake anyways.
Kalman wanted to transition his gender.
Kalman wants to camp in Sasquatch country.
Kalman wants to come over again.
Kalman was a believer in Bigfoot.
Kalman was a bigger guy.
Kalman was a carpenter by trade.
Kalman was a good distance from the campsite.
Kalman was a muscular monster.
Kalman was a passionate Zionist.
Kalman was a pretty big guy.
Kalman was able to get away safely.
Kalman was able to get some sleep.
Kalman was able to stay on the path in the dark.
Kalman was afraid of the hedgehog's quills.
Kalman was afraid to look.
Kalman was alone in the cabin.
Kalman was already in tears.
Kalman was already soaked.
Kalman was arrested and put on trial.
Kalman was arrested before for poaching.
Kalman was at the computer, just killing some time.
Kalman was at the entrance of the national park.
Kalman was backing away.
Kalman was banging on the bathroom door, asking Olivia what she was doing.
Kalman was being chased.
Kalman was bitten by a giant water bug.
Kalman was bitten by a water bug.
Kalman was bleeding profusely.
Kalman was burnt at the stake.
Kalman was camping with a group near Chrea, Algeria.
Kalman was close to his destination.
Kalman was considering getting a hedgehog as a pet.
Kalman was convinced those footprints were made by a demon.
Kalman was dead within the year.
Kalman was decapitated.
Kalman was drenched.
Kalman was driving down a gravel road.
Kalman was driving down that seemingly endless fire road.
Kalman was drunk and scared.
Kalman was eating couscous in the kitchen.
Kalman was excited to hang out with Olivia's friends.
Kalman was exploring that old mining town.
Kalman was facing Olivia's tent head-on.
Kalman was flirting with the waitress.
Kalman was forced to flee the campsite, abandoning his supplies.
Kalman was fourteen or fifteen at the time.
Kalman was fresh out of high school.
Kalman was getting bored of the game.
Kalman was getting ready for a nice hike.
Kalman was getting really freaked out.
Kalman was going down the cave.
Kalman was going from room to room.
Kalman was going to be home by himself for quite a long time.
Kalman was handsome in a rugged kind of way.
Kalman was having a problem with the TV turning on and off.
Kalman was having a really good time.
Kalman was hesitant to go down to the basement alone.
Kalman was hiding not far away.
Kalman was hit by the wind.
Kalman was holding a finger up to his lips.
Kalman was horrified and didn't know what to do.
Kalman was in Tigzirt, his parents' town.
Kalman was in a rundown cabin.
Kalman was in his forties when he was killed.
Kalman was in his sleeping bag.
Kalman was installed as president.
Kalman was just a little tipsy, not drunk.
Kalman was just listening for the sake of listening.
Kalman was just overreacting and overthinking.
Kalman was just pacing around.
Kalman was just sitting there, in that tree.
Kalman was just watching Olivia.
Kalman was known for his incredible bravery.
Kalman was listening to music with headphones over his head.
Kalman was looking for any shoeprints around the camp.
Kalman was looking our way.
Kalman was looking straight into the campsite where we were.
Kalman was lucky since nothing bad happened to him.
Kalman was lucky to survive.
Kalman was lying on the ground beside Olivia.
Kalman was making his way down the stairs.
Kalman was more and more scared.
Kalman was near the fire pit.
Kalman was nearly unconscious.
Kalman was never given command of a ship.
Kalman was not directly in line for the throne.
Kalman was nudged awake by Olivia.
Kalman was on the first floor of the cabin.
Kalman was out in the woods.
Kalman was out of gas.
Kalman was outside the fence line.
Kalman was outside with the police for about forty minutes.
Kalman was overwhelmed with fear.
Kalman was playing some games on his computer while listening to some music on the radio.
Kalman was playing some games on his phone.
Kalman was playing some sort of prank on Olivia.
Kalman was playing with his little cousins in the yard.
Kalman was preparing to fix the tire.
Kalman was probably not scared as he was saying he was.
Kalman was raised as a Muslim.
Kalman was raised here in Algeria.
Kalman was ready for his first mission.
Kalman was ready to get out of his tent.
Kalman was really creeped out.
Kalman was really excited to stay in Algeria in the summer.
Kalman was recaptured just miles from the coast.
Kalman was recovering from an injury.
Kalman was relatively young.
Kalman was removed from power.
Kalman was responsible for causing that flat tire.
Kalman was roasting marshmallows.
Kalman was sent south, to Algeria.
Kalman was sitting in the tree.
Kalman was sitting on a tree branch.
Kalman was sitting there in the dark.
Kalman was sliding down the stairs.
Kalman was so excited to be in that tent.
Kalman was so petrified that he couldn't even scream.
Kalman was so thankful to escape unharmed.
Kalman was standing between the trees.
Kalman was standing on the other side of the door.
Kalman was standing the whole time.
Kalman was standing, trying not to move.
Kalman was staring directly at Olivia.
Kalman was staying in the cabin.
Kalman was stewing with anger.
Kalman was still fiddling with the parachute.
Kalman was still in the tent.
Kalman was still on the phone with the police.
Kalman was still sleeping in the same spot.
Kalman was still wide awake.
Kalman was strolling through the campground for a night walk.
Kalman was surrounded by thick walls of trees.
Kalman was surrounded by trees everywhere.
Kalman was surrounded by trees.
Kalman was taking a summer hiking and camping vacation in Algeria.
Kalman was talking incoherently.
Kalman was talking to his hedgehog softly to get it used to his voice.
Kalman was talking to one of his friends.
Kalman was tasked with cleaning the pool up.
Kalman was terrified and screaming.
Kalman was the person who found the body.
Kalman was tiptoeing towards Olivia.
Kalman was too scared to even breathe.
Kalman was too scared to get up.
Kalman was too scared to go up to that cabin.
Kalman was trying to be polite.
Kalman was trying to find a good place to set up camp.
Kalman was trying to open the door to the cottage.
Kalman was up late.
Kalman was up north, at his uncle's cabin.
Kalman was upstairs, reading.
Kalman was using his phone light.
Kalman was very cautious and shy.
Kalman was waiting for Olivia to come back.
Kalman was walking hunched over.
Kalman was walking in the sparse woods.
Kalman was walking that trail.
Kalman was wandering around.
Kalman was wandering in the dark without a flashlight.
Kalman was watching curiously.
Kalman was watching the fire pit.
Kalman was wearing a fleece jacket.
Kalman was wearing an oversized blue t-shirt.
Kalman was wearing his running shoes.
Kalman was whispering the name of Olivia's friend.
Kalman was wide awake.
Kalman was with his girlfriend, Olivia.
Kalman was woken by the TV turning on by itself.
Kalman washed the cage.
Kalman wasn't allowed to have alcohol.
Kalman wasn't buying it though.
Kalman wasn't drunk.
Kalman wasn't expected to return that day.
Kalman wasn't familiar with the trail like Olivia was.
Kalman wasn't scared in the moment.
Kalman watched a blue jay fly.
Kalman watched a movie in the theater.
Kalman watched as Olivia went along the river with her flashlight.
Kalman watched the orb travel from one side of the room to the other multiple times.
Kalman watched videos.
Kalman wears a tunic in the house.
Kalman went Christmas shopping for food.
Kalman went ahead with the renovations.
Kalman went back for his tent.
Kalman went back to his room to play some more games.
Kalman went behind a tree to take a leak.
Kalman went deep into the forest.
Kalman went deep into the woods.
Kalman went down to the basement to get some laundry.
Kalman went down to town.
Kalman went for a short walk.
Kalman went for a walk in the woods.
Kalman went further into the forest.
Kalman went hiking in the woods.
Kalman went looking for Olivia once more.
Kalman went out on the porch to see what was going on.
Kalman went out with friends to drink a couple of beers.
Kalman went outside to check out those lights.
Kalman went slowly.
Kalman went straight out there.
Kalman went there to relieve himself.
Kalman went to a very tree-dense area.
Kalman went to his tent, shaken and scared.
Kalman went to look.
Kalman went to the window.
Kalman whispered in Olivia in a language he didn't understand.
Kalman whispered the word "run" to Olivia.
Kalman will be staying for the next flight.
Kalman will have to refuel again on the way.
Kalman will never revisit Chrea.
Kalman woke up at sunrise.
Kalman woke up suddenly.
Kalman woke up to find that some of his supplies were missing.
Kalman woke up to scratching directly under his bed.
Kalman woke up to the sounds of helicopters and dogs barking outside.
Kalman woke up with a splitting headache.
Kalman won't be able to come.
Kalman won't be going back to Algeria.
Kalman wore a black suit.
Kalman wore a blue hoodie.
Kalman wore his lucky sweater.
Kalman worked at a diner.
Kalman worried about his job.
Kalman would never admit to such a thing.
Kalman yelled at Olivia to get the hell out of there as quickly as she could.
Kalman yelled at Olivia, telling her to just leave us alone.
