A vegan knocked on my door and wanted to talk to me about seitan.
A vehicle can be an extension of its driver's personality and a group of artists has elaborated on this idea by creating lavishly decorated or altered cars.
A vehicle driving on the wrong side of the motorway was heading towards us.
A vehicle on the wrong side of the motorway was heading towards us.
A vehicle ran Gustavo over.
A vehicle suddenly started and chased after Fyodor.
A vehicle was driving on the wrong side of the motorway towards us.
A veil of pink chiffon, lavishly sprinkled with huge black dots, hung like a flounce from the hat brim to her shoulders and floated off in two airy streamers behind her.
A vein of poetry exists in the hearts of all men.
A vendor selling rice and beans said she washes her hands often, but noted that her clients may or may not do the same.
A verdict and a sentence are different things.
A veritable synchronized ballet of nanomolecular engineering operates in our cells, challenging human understanding.
A veritable xenophile, Zax was not a xenophobe like his classmates.
A very beautiful picture is hanging on the wall.
A very brief warning or explanation is enough for an intelligent person.
A very bright idea came to my mind.
A very common type of elbow pain is known as "tennis elbow" in English.
A very different and fairly common quasi-human kind was sometimes produced by planets rather larger than the Earth. Owing to the greater strength of gravitation, there would first appear, in place of the familiar quadruped, a six-legged type. This would proliferate into little sextuped burrowers, swift and elegant sextuped grazers, a sextuped mammoth, complete with tusks, and many kinds of sextuped carnivora. Man in these worlds sprang usually from some small opossum-like creature which had come to use the first of its three pairs of limbs for nest-building or for climbing. In time, the forepart of its body thus became erect, and it gradually assumed a form not unlike that of a quadruped with a human torso in place of a neck. In fact it became a centaur, with four legs and two capable arms. It was very strange to find oneself in a world in which all the amenities and conveniences of civilization were fashioned to suit men of this form.
A very different scene was in the mean time passing in the Tower of Wolf's Crag.
A very difficult endgame – white rook, knight, and three pawns (Carlsen) against the black queen and a pawn (Nepomniachtchi) – was won yesterday after 136 moves and almost eight hours of play. The engines said it was a theoretical draw but the brilliant Norwegian managed to conquer the victory. A historical game!
A very elderly couple is having an elegant dinner to celebrate their 75th wedding anniversary.
A very good thing happened today.
A very handsome man just came in the door with a very beautiful woman.
A very handsome prince met an exceptionally beautiful princess.
A very high proportion, approximately 40%, of suicides among employed women are caused or motivated by depression and other related neurological disorders.
A very important topic got brought up during the meeting.
A very large and powerful typhoon is now approaching. If you need to evacuate, please do so before the winds get stronger.
A very large field of rice surrounds the city.
A very large number of people govern Germany.
A very large number of tourists visit Kyoto in the spring.
A very old stone bridge connects either bank of the river.
A very old stone bridge connects the two banks of the river.
A very old stone bridge connects the two riverbanks.
A very pleasant young woman waited on me in the department store.
A very small percentage of individuals may experience epileptic seizures when exposed to certain light patterns or flashing lights.
A very small spider crawled out of Boldi's ear.
A very strange thing happened today.
A very strong storm came and dragged everything ahead.
A very strong wind was blowing.
A very unfortunate case came to our attention several years ago.
A very unfortunate thing happened.
A very well known wine is produced in that region.
A very well-known use of Morse code was the use of the letter V as a sign for "Victory" by the BBC in World War II.
A vesicle is a biological structure.
A vessel entered the planet’s atmosphere.
A vexillographer is someone who designs flags.
A vicious custody battle ensued.
A vicious dog is attacking people all round the countryside.
A vicious idea came to my mind.
A victim of her own success, the reality star could no longer enjoy casual meals out with friends without numerous disruptions caused by enthusiastic fans.
A video footage carried by Beijing Time, an online TV station, shows a mask-wearing young man waiting for his bus driver girlfriend with an elegantly wrapped, colorful bouquet of masks and roses.
A video of an Australian woman picking up an injured koala from a bushfire was widely viewed on social media.
A video of an elderly man complaining in a store about shelves empty of pasta went viral this week.
A video posted on social media of the singing went viral.
A video posted on social media showed people climbing out of windows on ropes made of bedsheets tied together, while others were seen sitting on air conditioning units installed outside the windows.
A video producer for the Manchester Evening News who lives in Llandudno, Andrew Stewart, has been posting videos of the goats on social media where they have received thousands of views.
A video randomly popped up.
A videocamera is in the office.
A view of the scan is transmitted to the visor inside the augmented reality helmet.
A vigilante bypasses the law and takes matters into his own hands.
A vigilante ghost is going around avenging his own brutal murder.
A vigilante shot Tom.
A vignette is a short written description or a brief scene in a movie or play.
A villager does not rely on anyone, he is ready to face any challenge.
A vintage skateboard leans against the wall, covered in dust.
A violent fight ensued.
A violent revolution in Algeria is bad for everyone.
A violent thought instantly brings violent bodily movements.
A violet blooms on the slope of the ravine.
A violin is a stringed instrument.
A violinist I know claims that he owns a Stradivarius.
A violinist I know says that he owns a Stradivarius.
A virtual reality viewer that works with a smartphone and motion-tracking gloves that let workers scan inventory while management monitors production were just a couple of the new gadgets on display at a tech developers conference sponsored by Intel this week in San Francisco.
A virtue like honesty may be allied to a defect related to honesty, such as being too trusting, too ready to assume that others are as honest as oneself. In such a case we may say, "Hers were the defects of her virtues."
A virtuous person doesn't lie, cheat, or steal.
A virtuous wife is a crown for her husband, but a shameful one is like rot in his bones.
A virus infected Tom's computer.
A virus on Tom's computer corrupted most of his files.
A visit to Algeria's Chrea National Park is hugely gratifying.
A visit to the Tuaregs is a journey back in time.
A visit to the beach provides a respite from the security checks and bustle of the Olympic Park.
A visit to the city centre, listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site, is a must.
A visitor has kept me busy till now.
A vixen lives in our garden with her five puppies.
A vodka and lemonade might be the shot.
A vodka and tonic, please.
A vodka martini, please.
A voice broke the silence and said: "Police! Open the door!"
A voice clip is marked "valid" when a user gives it a Yes vote.
A voice from the intercom welcomed Bruno.
A voice of one that cries in the desert: Prepare a way for the Lord, make his paths straight.
A voice suddenly rang out from the other side of the wall.
A volcanic butte overlooked the barren landscape.
A volcano is erupting in Vanuatu.
A volley of artillery fire completely destroyed the buildings.
A volleyball player must be a good smasher.
A voluminous robe hid the contours of the body underneath.
A volunteer at the genealogy library told Tom he should summarize on a pedigree chart whatever information he had learned from his living grandparents.
A volunteer is a person who does useful things for society without pay.
A vote for any Republican in the U.S. is a vote for torturing and abusing queer kids.
A vote was called, and Stine realized that somehow, his laborious weeks and months of propagandizing and mass proselytization had at last taken root.
A vote was held by the National Diet, and Ryutaro Hashimoto was selected to be the 82nd prime minister.
A voyage to the moon in a spaceship is no longer a dream.
A voyage, during which one cannot speak directly with the inhabitants of the places visited: can it give anything of value to the voyager?
A vulgar flaring paper adorned the walls, but it was blotched in places with mildew; and here and there great strips had become detached and hung down, exposing the yellow plaster beneath.
A vulture is circling above the desert.
A waiter arrived at the table.
A waiter brings in a whole roast pig with an apple in its mouth and then it's eaten.
A waitress came and asked them what they wanted.
A waitress walked by with a trayful of drinks.
A walk after eating is good for digestion.
A walk after eating is good for health.
A walk before breakfast is exhilarating.
A walk before breakfast is refreshing.
A walk in the fresh air will do you good.
A walk in the woods would do me good just now.
A wall separates the two sections.
A wall surrounded the ancient part of the city.
A wall surrounded the city's historic center.
A wall surrounded the old city.
A wall surrounds the garden.
A wall surrounds the old town.
A war broke out between the Muslims and Hindus.
A war broke out between the two countries.
A war erupted in northern Mali.
A war exploded between the two countries.
A war has reduced the city to ruins.
A war is about to begin.
A war is an awful thing.
A war is easy to start, but difficult to end.
A war may break out at any moment.
A warbler is not an insect, but a bird.
A wardsman wheeled the little boy back to the ward after his surgery, followed by a long line of anxious relatives.
A warehouse full of illegal fireworks blew up and destroyed a whole city block.
A warlike people, or one that likes warlike rulers, is probably mentally unwell.
A warm bath could ease the tension tonight.
A warm breeze welcomed us.
A warm cup of cocoa is comforting on a cold winter night.
A warm current runs off the coast of Shikoku.
A warm drink would do me good now.
A warm flow of water was coming through the shower.
A warm front is approaching us from Portugal.
A warm welcome to our new guest.
A warm, lazy breeze wafts across the flat, endless fields.
A warm, sunny day is ideal for a picnic.
A warming ocean causes thermal stress that contributes to coral bleaching and infectious disease.
A warning message appeared on the screen.
A warning shot isn't going to be enough.
A warrant has been issued for Tom Jackson's arrest.
A warrant has been issued for Tom, who remains at large.
A warrant was issued Monday for Tom Jackson's arrest.
A warrant was issued for Tom Jackson's arrest on Monday.
A warrior defends his house at all cost!
A wart is a generally benign and slightly contagious infection.
A warzone is a great place for a crash course in trigonometry.
A washing machine is a must for a house.
A washing machine is a must-have for any home.
A wasp does not give honey!
A wasp flew in the window.
A wasp flew into Tom's mouth.
A wasp stuck its stinger in my arm.
A wasp stung Tom.
A wasp stung him and he had an allergic reaction.
A wasp stung me on the tongue!
A wasp stung me!
A wasp stung me.
A wasp was flying round the room.
A watch was given to me by her.
A watched pot never boils.
A watchman sat with his legs crossed.
A water drop hollows a stone not by force but by falling often.
A water drop hollows out a stone not by force but by falling often.
A water molecule consists of two hydrogen atoms and one oxygen atom.
A water molecule has two hydrogen atoms and one oxygen atom.
A water molecule is composed by three atoms: two hydrogen and one oxygen.
A water sample is taken to learn about pH.
A water shortage causes a lot of inconvenience.
A water shortage causes inconvenience.
A water wheel powers the mill.
A water-proof drone is being used by Australian scientists to collect the highly-treasured nasal mucus of migrating whales.
A watercolour is a picture painted with water-based paints.
A watered down compromise resolution is better than none at all.
A waterfall of sweat began to pour down my face.
A waterfall of sweat poured down my face.
A watermelon is full of water.
A wave of influenza is coming on in Germany.
A wave of relief overcame Michael.
A wave of relief washed over me as I saw the police cars approaching.
A wave of tenderness swept over her.
A way to come up with new sentences on the spot is to pretend you're having a conversation with other contributors.
A weaker currency can boost exports.
A wealthy manufacturer of New Brunswick had died and left part of his fortune to endow a large number of scholarships to be distributed among the various high schools and academies of the Maritime Provinces.
A wealthy nation needs a strong army.
A weapon is like fire: if not restrained, it burns its owner.
A weasel tries to grab the fat mouse.
A weather forecast is like a lottery: one can never be confident about the result.
A weather modification (also known as weather control) is the act of intentionally manipulating or altering the weather.
A weather station near the town of Syracuse in southeast Sicily registered what could be Europe’s highest recorded temperature Wednesday, at 48.8 degrees Celsius (119.8 F).
A weatherman is someone with whom the weather does not always agree.
A web browser should absolutely hinder unethical, privacy-invading websites.
A web server, a public address and an HTML file are all that you need to share your thoughts with anyone in the world.
A web site may be created in an intranet, a local or private cloud, or a virtual private network. A Web site is for the world.
A website for learning different languages, tatoeba.org has a rich repository of sentence examples.
A wedding day that never came.
A wedding is a landing that looks like a starting up.
A wedding is a significant ceremony.
A wedding is a significant moment in life.
A wedding is a special occasion.
A wedding is an endless headache.
A wedding is an important event in one's life.
A weed always grows.
A week after landing, soil samples were put through this barrage of tests to look for evidence of life: mainly carbon molecules and gases released by organisms metabolizing a variety of nutrients that had been added to the soil.
A week ago here, it was the depths of winter; tomorrow, it's the start of summer.
A week ago, it was the depths of winter here; tomorrow, summer begins.
A week before she died she changed her will and left her entire fortune to her dog Pookie.
A week comprises a hundred and sixty-eight hours.
A week consists of a hundred and sixty-eight hours.
A week flew by.
A week from today, I'll be in England.
A week from today, I’ll be in England.
A week from yesterday is when I last saw her.
A week has gone by since I saw him.
A week has passed since I saw him.
A week has passed since the bite.
A week has seven days.
A week has seven days: Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday.
A week is divided into seven days: Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.
A week is made up of a hundred and sixty-eight hours.
A week is seven days.
A week later we received a letter from Tom's sister.
A week later, Germany attacked Poland.
A week later, John asked Jessica out on a date.
A week later, Yanni got a call from Skura.
A week later, Ziri went back to Algeria.
A week later, he flew back to Algeria.
A week later, he regretted the decision.
A week later, she died.
A week of rain made conditions dangerous.
A week passed, and Werper was no nearer the fulfillment of his plan, in so far as he could judge, than upon the day of his arrival.
A week today I'll be in England.
A week today I’ll be in England.
A week's reflection led to a new plan.
A weekend at the beach should do you good.
A week’s reflection led to a new plan.
A weight was taken off my shoulders.
A weird man with orange-framed glasses was walking barefoot on the trail while holding a large rock in each hand.
A weird noise came from that creature.
A weird woman was hiking on the trail with her cat in special backpack.
A welcome party took place in the restaurant.
A welcome party was held in honor of Mr Jones.
A well is a place where you can get water.
A well placed pawn can be more powerful than a king.
A well-balanced diet will benefit your overall health.
A well-bred horse doesn't care about a barking dog.
A well-designed sports brassiere can make high-impact sports more enjoyable.
A well-heated bathroom with bathtub is available to guests, who will appreciate a warm bath after a long and tiring journey.
A well-kept and organized set of shelves makes your home more pleasant and functional.
A well-kept secret is one that nobody tells.
A well-made cup of coffee should require no cream or sugar.
A well-organized kitchen makes cooking and meal prep much easier.
A well-used creel might better not be picked as a picnic hamper.
A west wind blows over the fields.
A wet blanket is not always unpleasant when you come to know him well.
A wet man does not fear the rain.
A wether is a castrated male sheep or goat. A bellwether was originally a wether who led a flock of other sheep; a bell was placed around his neck to help locate the animals.
A wetland is an area of land that is saturated with water.
A whale doesn't lay eggs, because it's a mammal.
A whale is a mammal.
A whale is a mammal; in other words it feeds milk to its young.
A whale is a sort of mammal.
A whale is no less a mammal than a horse.
A whale is no more a fish than a horse is.
A whale is no more a fish than a horse.
A whale's lungs can also collapse safely under pressure, which keeps them from rupturing. This allows sperm whales to hunt for giant squid at depths of 7,000 feet or more.
A wheat import ban was enacted.
A wheelbarrow fills the bill for moving concrete blocks.
A while ago he went by foot to the company.
A while ago, it was broken.
A while back, I watched a curious Israeli film called Lemon Tree.
A while back, it was daytime.
A while later, they're sitting in a cafe.
A while later, they're sitting in a café.
A whisk is a kitchen utensil consisting of a handgrip at one end and a springy cable, generally club-shaped and often coiled, at the other. Whisks are used mainly for stirring sauces, mixing dough and whipping eggs.
A whisper ran through the crowd.
A whistle blew, and the boat slowly began to pull out of port.
A whistle involves blowing out of your mouth in a certain way.
A whistle is blown at the start of a game.
A whistle was heard in the distance.
A white American man did a mass shooting.
A white Mercedes cut us off.
A white boat came into sight.
A white building is in sight at the foot of the hill.
A white car has been tailing me for the last two miles.
A white cloud floats in the blue sky.
A white cloud is floating in the blue sky.
A white cloud is floating in the blue summer sky.
A white cloud that formed on the lake killed everything in its path.
A white coin is for a black day.
A white dove is on the roof.
A white field with a centred red cross is the English flag.
A white horse is walking.
A white horse walks.
A white light entered my room during the night.
A white lily is very beautiful to look at.
A white sail appeared in the distance.
A white ship came into view.
A white ship is sailing out of the fog.
A white strip of birch bark blowing up from the hollow over the brown floor of the grove made her heart stand still.
A white van pulled up outside the house.
A white yacht was sailing over the sea.
A white-haired man in a tailcoat appears on the screen.
A white-haired man was playing an accordion outside the shop.
A white-haired man was playing an accordion outside the store.
A whole 'nother group of people came out of nowhere.
A whole car fits into the blind spot.
A whole chapter of the book is devoted to her.
A whole chapter of the book is devoted to him.
A whole colony of wild birds nestle in the reedy thatch, and find out quiet corners in the cool shadow of that wide veranda.
A whole host of people were called in to search for Ziri's dog.
A whole is made up of parts.
A whole man emerged from the bush.
A whoopie-cushion is like a joke shortcut.
A whopping twenty-five goals were scored in yesterday's football highlights show.
A wicket is a small door or gate.
A wide leather belt would look good with that dress.
A wide variety of mockingbird species are found in South America.
A wide-angle lens elongates the subject.
A widow chooses that man who best suits her furniture.
A widow had three daughters.
A widow had two daughters.
A widow is a woman whose husband has died.
A widow is a woman whose spouse has died.
A widower is a man whose husband has died.
A widower is a man whose spouse has died.
A widower is a man whose wife has died.
A wife can have property independent of her husband.
A wife is expected to stand by her man.
A wife is not a boot. You can't just kick her off.
A wife is the tax that you have to pay for the luxury of having children.
A wife of noble character who can find? She is worth far more than rubies.
A wife who can be quiet is a gift of God.
A wife's activities are confined to domestic matters.
A wife’s activities are confined to domestic matters.
A wild dog chased Carlos.
A wild horse. Let's get it!
A wild turkey attacked Tom.
A wilder or more disconsolate dwelling it was perhaps difficult to conceive.
A wildfire churning among mountain towns in Mendocino County in California mushroomed into the largest in the state on Friday, threatening 9,200 homes.
A wily hunter, Christopher Columbus once donned a red riding hood and went into the forest. Without a doubt, he attracted the Big Bad Wolf, grabbed him, and dragged the screaming wolf back to his ship.
A win is a win!
A win tonight is vital to stave off the threat of relegation.
A wind advisory is in effect until the storm front passes.
A wind from the ocean blows at this time of the year.
A wind of change blew through the country.
A wind of change was blowing through the country.
A wind of change will blow over France under Christine Lagarde's presidency in 2027.
A wind of change will sweep through France when Christine Lagarde is going to get appointed as the first female French president immediately following the French presidency of Emmanuel Macron.
A wind will not blow that's not to someone's benefit.
A window like that isn't suitable for this house.
A window was broken.
A windshield chip could spread and become a crack.
A windshield is laminated.
A windshield is layered.
A windshield may cost several hundred dollars.
A wine bar just opened in the area. Let's try it.
A wingbeat – and behind us aeons!
A wink is as good as a nod to a blind man.
A wink of his eye and a twist of his head, Soon gave me to know I had nothing to dread.
A wink was his only answer.
A wino edges up to you and asks for money to buy a sandwich and a cup of coffee.
A winter sport that many people enjoy is ice skating.
A winter without snow is no winter at all.
A winter without snow isn't winter.
A wire cage holds no heat.
A wise businessman knows how to clamp down on costs.
A wise leader knows when to follow.
A wise leader knows when to listen to others.
A wise leader knows when to listen.
A wise man can derive gold even from pus.
A wise man changes his mind, a fool never.
A wise man does not try to hurry history.
A wise man is strong.
A wise man once said, "If Esperanto is an artificial language, then my car is an artificial horse".
A wise man once said, "If Esperanto is an artificial language, then my car is an artificial horse."
A wise man once said, life is a series of disappointments.
A wise man profits from his mistakes.
A wise man should profit from his mistakes.
A wise man speaks because he has something to say; a fool because he has to say something.
A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds.
A wise man would not act in that way.
A wise man would not do such a thing.
A wise man would not say such a thing.
A wise man wouldn't do such a thing.
A wise man, therefore, proportions his belief to the evidence.
A wise mother might not have scolded her child.
A wise person knows something, but no one knows everything.
A wise person profits by his mistakes.
A wise person would be ashamed to act like that.
A wise person would say nothing.
A wise person wouldn't do something like that.
A wise person wouldn't do such a thing.
A wise person wouldn't do that.
A wise person, to me it's clear, doesn't talk but drinks their beer.
A wise son listens to his father's instruction, but an unruly one does not listen to reproof.
A wise son maketh a glad father: but a foolish son is the heaviness of his mother.
A wisp of hair fell over his left eye.
A wisp of smoke rose from the chimney.
A witch once gave Christopher Columbus an evil eye... and never got it back.
A witty man is only worth something if he has character.
A wizard did it.
A wolf attacked Tom.
A wolf bit Mary.
A wolf can't be tamed.
A wolf cannot be tamed.
A wolf doesn't bite a wolf.
A wolf doesn't bite another wolf.
A wolf doesn’t bite a wolf.
A wolf is fed by its legs.
A wolf is howling.
A wolf killed the lambs.
A wolf was chasing me.
A wolverine can kill prey that is five times its size, but only in rather deep snow where large animals get stuck.
A wolverine is a pretty large predator on an island this small.
A woman I knew killed herself here last summer.
A woman Tom didn't know approached him.
A woman appeared from behind a tree.
A woman approached Ziri and talked to him.
A woman arrested for traffic offenses spat in the face of a police officer before she was thrown to the ground.
A woman asked me for directions.
A woman asked me if I could tell her where the road was located.
A woman brought an old picture of her dead husband, wearing a hat, to the photographer.
A woman can be oblivious to a hundred things you did well, and point out only the things at which you failed.
A woman can fail to notice a hundred things you did right, and point out only the one thing you haven't done right.
A woman can only become a man's friend in three stages: first, she's an agreeable acquaintance, then a mistress, and only after that a friend.
A woman can tell easily enough when a man loves her.
A woman can't have a penis.
A woman caught Ziri’s eye.
A woman comes in to cook and clean once a day.
A woman conceals what she does not know.
A woman convicted of stealing $1 million from her employer, started off by helping herself to a few dollars from the till a couple of times a week.
A woman crossed a castle moat to rescue a stranded old dog.
A woman decides for herself who will conquer her.
A woman did not magically appear on a space shuttle. It took Sally Ride’s relentless commitment, Mae Jemison’s boundless courage to shatter that glass ceiling.
A woman does not and will not belong to you, but she will entrust you with her heart and soul.
A woman entered the room.
A woman fell from a ship into the sea.
A woman filled with faith in the one she loves is the creation of a novelist's imagination.
A woman friend of ours took a trip to a small town last week.
A woman from Ceselli in Umbria commented, "It was very powerful. It felt like the floor of the room was moving by itself, with us on top of it."
A woman had a baby after receiving a womb transplant.
A woman had a heart attack on the flight.
A woman has escaped injury after her car was engulfed in flames.
A woman has needs.
A woman holding a baby came into the room.
A woman in a Kabyle dress came here looking for you.
A woman in her 20s was in serious condition with a broken thigh bone, the Hawaii County Fire Department said.
A woman in movement clothed in what resembles a bikini is drawn on a Sicilian mosaic from 5th century Rome.
A woman in your situation could easily develop an ulcer.
A woman is a weathercock.
A woman is an adult human female.
A woman is as old as she feels.
A woman is capable of failing to notice the hundred things that you've done for her, and to address only the one that you haven't.
A woman is capable of failing to notice the hundred things that you’ve done her, and to address only the one that you haven’t.
A woman is cultivated when she constantly searches for ways to remain up to date.
A woman is ever fickle and changeable.
A woman is giving a book a quick once-over.
A woman is going into it now.
A woman is made a mother by a man, and a man is made a father by a woman.
A woman is never as beautiful as she used to be.
A woman is not a creature that acknowledges the 100 things you've done right, but rather, one that without fail will point out the one thing you've done wrong.
A woman is only as old as she seems to be.
A woman is reading a book in the library.
A woman is reading.
A woman is taking down some notes on a pad of paper.
A woman is the guardian of the hearth.
A woman is the sweetest thing in the world.
A woman is the woe of man.
A woman is walking towards us.
A woman knows the face of the man she loves as a sailor knows the open sea.
A woman like a stone cold fox just passed through here.
A woman like you doesn't deserve a man like me.
A woman lived here.
A woman looks more feminine in a dress than in pants.
A woman looks more feminine in a dress than in trousers.
A woman lost her driver's license while she was shopping the other day at a department store.
A woman lost her driver’s license while she was shopping the other day at a department store.
A woman lost her son.
A woman might leave you the last word, on condition that it be yes.
A woman must be a genius to create a good husband.
A woman needs to be loved so much that she won't even entertain the possibility of someone else loving her more.
A woman needs to be loved so much that she won’t even entertain the possibility of someone else loving her more.
A woman of short stature married a big man.
A woman orders you to chop firewood, food makes you kindle a fire, and absence forces you to search for necessities.
A woman ought to be prepared for an emergency.
A woman ought to be prepared for any emergency.
A woman picked my pocket in the crowd.
A woman said her puppy was missing.
A woman sat at the big desk.
A woman sat on a bench.
A woman scorned can be extremely dangerous.
A woman should follow whatever her husband orders.
A woman that got infected back in April got reinfected four months later.
A woman thinks of everything in terms of money.
A woman tried to touch Fyodor.
A woman visited us while you were sleeping.
A woman was arrested yesterday for leaving a baby unattended in her car in searing heat.
A woman was driving a car on a country road.
A woman was hanging the washing on the line.
A woman was hurt in the accident, and her two daughters were too.
A woman was kind enough to show me the way.
A woman was raped in broad daylight. Algerians are reproaching her for not wearing a veil.
A woman was reading.
A woman was sitting behind the big desk.
A woman was sitting beside him, who rose as we entered.
A woman was sitting on a stool in a bar.
A woman was standing at the door.
A woman who marries a king becomes a queen, but a man who marries a queen does not become a king.
A woman who speaks her mind is more beautiful than cherry blossoms.
A woman whose husband has died and who has not become someone else's wife is a widow.
A woman whose husband has died is a widow.
A woman whose husband has passed away is a widow.
A woman whose husband is dead is called a widow.
A woman whose tongue grew out of the roof of her mouth soon found herself surrounded by overeager linguists.
A woman whose wife has died is a widow.
A woman with a vagina will always be scientifically a woman even if 8 billion people agree to call her a woman just not to anger her.
A woman with two small children in her car led police on a wild car chase through the city, reaching speeds in excess of 140 kilometers per hour.
A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle.
A woman without a man is nothing.
A woman without, a man is nothing.
A woman writes the word "Free" on her friend at an event marking International Women's Day in Santiago, Chile.
A woman wrote 30 books about how to become happy, and then committed suicide.
A woman your age still has plenty of time to have kids.
A woman's clitoris is really an undeveloped penis. Ask a doctor.
A woman's crying is worthless.
A woman's hair is long; her tongue is longer.
A woman's heart sees more than the eyes of ten men.
A woman's mind and winter wind change oft.
A woman's mind and winter wind change often.
A woman's mind and winter's wind change oft.
A woman's place is in the home.
A woman's place is in the revolution.
A woman's place is wherever she wants to be.
A woman's purse is a magical place in which you can find anything imaginable.
A woman's shrill voice rang out in the entrance hall to our flats.
A woman's sister can be her closest friend.
A woman's strength is in her tongue.
A woman's tears are worthless.
A woman's tears will dry quickly.
A woman's tongue is her sword.
A woman's tongue wags like a lamb's tail.
A woman's virtue is everything.
A woman's wardrobe isn't complete without a little black dress.
A woman's weapon is her tongue.
A woman's work is never done.
A woman’s hair is long; her tongue is longer.
A woman’s heart is as easy to change as a cat’s eyes.
A woman’s mind and winter wind change oft.
A woman’s mind and winter wind change often.
A woman’s strength is in her tongue.
A woman’s wardrobe isn’t complete without a little black dress.
A woman’s wedding day is the one time she can be the center of attention without any lingering feelings of guilt, according to Jellison.
A women who doesn't criticize you anymore is a women who doesn't love you anymore.
A wonder lasts but nine days, and then the puppy's eyes are open.
A wonder lasts but nine days, and then the puppy’s eyes are open.
A wonder lasts but nine days.
A wonderful idea floated to his mind.
A wonderful idea just ran through my mind.
A wonderful idea occurred to me.
A wonderful team of proofreaders is working on behalf of the Tatoeba corpus.
A wonderful thing has happened.
A wonderful view, isn't it?
A wonderful woman is the real leader and heart of a wonderful family.
A wood floor is beautiful.
A wooden bed is better than a golden coffin.
A wooden bowl.
A wooden building can easily catch fire.
A wooden chair is expensive.
A wooden house burns more easily than a stone house.
A wooden-legged, glass-eyed mother is coming.
A word can either touch someone or only fly over him.
A word is enough to a wise man.
A word is like a bullet.
A word is like a bullet; output, it doesn't come back.
A word is not a crystal, transparent and unchanging, it is the skin of a living thought and may vary greatly in colour and content according to the circumstances and time in which it is used.
A word is sometimes enough.
A word is very powerful.
A word of encouragement during a failure is worth more than an hour of praise after success.
A word of encouragement goes further than coercion.
A word of encouragement is more effective than coercion.
A word once out flies everywhere.
A word once spoken can never be recalled.
A word once uttered can never be recalled.
A word spoken at the wrong time can do very much more harm than good.
A word spoken is an arrow let fly.
A word spoken is past recalling.
A word that slips from the tongue so fast, Is like an arrow shot from the bow at last.
A word that you most likely find only in Algeria is "entik" and it means "fine."
A word to the wise is enough.
A word to the wise is sufficient.
A word, once out, flies everywhere.
A work like "In This House of Brede," which tells the story of a successful businesswoman who enters a convent in middle life, is as interesting--and for the same reasons--as a story that takes place on a planet orbiting a distant star.
A work of art is the unique result of a unique temperament.
A worker bee’s life span ranges from six weeks in the busy summer to four to nine months during the winter.
A working day shortens life by 8 hours.
A working man should be paid in proportion to his skill, not his age.
A world in which one percent of humanity controls as much wealth as the other 99 percent will never be stable.
A world map shows all the countries.
A world of ignorant people is too dangerous to live in.
A world power like the United States can afford that, but not Germany.
A world without you would be dismal.
A worldwide plague of theft emptied museums.
A worthless man, an elegant woman surpasses him!
A would-be thief got a big surprise when a group of women chanting "Jesus" scared the intruder away from their commune.
A wound is more likely to become infected if you don't clean it.
A wound will never heal if you keep poking at it.
A wounded whale washed up on the beach.
A wreath was bound around her head.
A wreath was bound around his head.
A wren was hopping about in the snow, looking for food.
A wrench is a commonly used tool.
A writer is somebody for whom writing is more difficult than it is for other people.
A writer, whose name I have forgotten, wrote this novel.
A writing system is a type of coding system.
A written exam is required of applicants.
A wrong move during the faceoff could have led to war, and any conventional skirmish between two nuclear powers always brought with it the risk of escalation.
A wrongdoer is often a man who has left something undone, not always one who has done something.
A yaranga is a spherical dwelling similar to a yurt.
A yard is a bit shorter than a metre.
A yard is equal to three feet.
A yard is three feet.
A yard without women is like a garden without flowers.
A yardstick is 36 inches long.
A year after Elon Musk took over in 2022, Twitter traffic is down 14%.
A year after declaring bankruptcy, Sami set up a new company.
A year after he was killed, he arose from the grave.
A year after his marriage with Layla, Sami started an affair with another woman.
A year after saying those words, she succumbed to the illness she had been fighting.
A year ago Monday, Tom moved to Australia.
A year ago Monday, Tom moved to Boston.
A year ago today was 1 September.
A year ago today was 1st September.
A year ago today was the first of September.
A year ago, everything was different.
A year ago, the people lived under plastic tarps or tents provided by aid organizations. Today, some of the structures are more permanent, made of tin and wood.
A year can fly by so fast.
A year can fly by so quickly.
A year consists of 365 days or 366 days.
A year consists of four seasons.
A year consists of three hundred and sixty-five days or three hundred and sixty-six days.
A year consists of twelve months.
A year had passed by and his body turned to dust.
A year has 12 months.
A year has already passed.
A year has four seasons and twelve months.
A year has four seasons.
A year has passed since he came here.
A year has passed since he died.
A year has passed since she came here.
A year has passed since that happened.
A year has passed since then.
A year has passed since we published that song on YouTube.
A year has passed, but it's as if we saw each other only yesterday.
A year has passed, but it's as if we'd seen each other only yesterday.
A year has thirty one million five hundred and thirty six thousand seconds.
A year has twelve months and three hundred sixty-five days.
A year has twelve months.
A year is a long time.
A year is divided into twelve months.
A year is such a long time.
A year later, Paul was born.
A year later, he visited the Soviet Union.
A year later, on a third "outing" as a domestic, her employer reported that White was having trouble breathing, owing to the "heavy air."
A year of snow is a year of prosperity.
A year will pass before we see each other again.
A year's supply of the medicine costs $50,000.
A yellow bee hovers in a single spot.
A yellow butterfly is sitting on a flower.
A yellow butterfly is sitting on the flower.
A yes or a no would suffice.
A yeti chased Ziri.
A young Japanese woman died after working 159 hours of overtime in one month.
A young Kyrgyz woman, creating a miracle with her own hands in Moscow, amazed the Dagestanis.
A young and charming gentleman offered me a candy.
A young boy drowned at sea.
A young boy in a wheelchair asked Tom what time it was.
A young boy, who couldn't have been more than five years old, asked Tom how to get to the post office.
A young boy, who couldn’t have been more than five years old, asked Tom how to get to the post office.
A young child has a small vocabulary.
A young child was run over by a car on Park Street.
A young couple were watching the sunset from the breakwater.
A young couple were watching the sunset from the harbour wall.
A young couple were watching the sunset from the jetty.
A young couple were watching the sunset from the pier.
A young dog is called a "puppy."
A young dog, being confined in the neighbourhood, bewailed its loss of liberty, by making an hideous noise; which all the party agreed was very disagreeable.
A young father pushed a pram.
A young father was pushing a pram.
A young giraffe is called a calf.
A young girl appeared, introducing herself as Rima.
A young girl approached me with tears in her eyes.
A young girl draped in white was playing the harp.
A young girl is chased by an old man.
A young girl on crutches asked Tom where he lived.
A young girl was at the steering wheel.
A young girl was riding upon the horse, with a shining red cap on her head, and pistols in her belt.
A young girl was the object of his attention.
A young girl's body was discovered near Dan's home.
A young gold digger shouldn't be allowed to marry someone who is 50 years older than her.
A young lady came to see him.
A young maiden, with a tin brooch decorating her chest, went to meet him.
A young man arrived by horse, jumped to the ground and observed the army.
A young man asked us if he could succeed as a public speaker.
A young man barged in unexpectedly.
A young man broke into my house last night.
A young man came for the new product.
A young man is singing before the door.
A young man is singing in front of the door.
A young man named Tom was here earlier.
A young man of about twenty was sitting in the park.
A young man robbed an old woman of her handbag.
A young man waited in line to see him.
A young man walks into the room. He's carrying a tray with some bread and cheese.
A young man went to his girlfriend's parents. While he was there, she cooked honey cake for him. When he returned, his mother, smiling, said to him, "Will there be a wedding soon?" "Yes, Mom!" he replied. "One taste, and I said yes!"
A young man, very pale and worn, was lying upon a sofa near the open window, through which came the rich scent of the garden and the balmy summer air.
A young moose was walking on the highway.
A young mother painstakingly applies disinfectant cloths to clean meticulously the baby rattles for her gurgling blue-eyed infant bouncing happily on her lap.
A young person is unexperienced in the affairs of life.
A young person is waiting for you outside.
A young person wants to see you.
A young tiger has broken out of the circus.
A young woman asked me where the kindergarten was.
A young woman came to visit me yesterday.
A young woman most penitently confessed to a friend of mine that an unholy desire to read women's magazines was her besetting 'temptation'.
A young woman most penitently confessed to a friend of mine that an unholy desire to read women’s magazines was her besetting ’temptation’.
A young woman was killed there.
A young woman was playing a guitar while singing along in front of the fountain.
A young woman was playing harp near the open window.
A young woman was singing and playing the guitar in front of the fountain.
A youth, who pastured his herds at a little distance and who was handsome and fond of melody, vied with her in singing: as he was a man his voice was deeper, but as he was young it was also very sweet.
A yurt is a portable dome-shaped tent.
A zero-sum game is a game in which any player's winnings are balanced by the other players' losses.
A zombie appeared.
A zombie brain will eat itself.
A zombie burst through the door.
A zombie jumped on Paul.
A zombie lives a life of its own now and then.
A zookeeper is in critical condition after she was attacked Friday by two lions at a zoo.
A â€˜chek-chek’ festival took place in Latvia.
A ’commuting wife’ is just what the name says, it’s a form of marriage where the wife travels to her husband’s side.
A “bucket list” is a list of things people want to do before they “kick the bucket,” or die.
A “standardized test” is any kind of test that requires all test takers to answer the same questions in the same way, like the TOEFL or IELTS.
A-ha-ha ... sorry. I forgot my contacts, Unless I'm right here I can't see it.
A-ha-ha ... sorry. I forgot my contacts, Unless I’m right here I can’t see it.
A-ha-ha-ha! What a blunder!
A-hahaha, you really are bad at keeping secrets.
A. Karpov vs. B. Spassky, Candidates Tournament semifinal, Leningrad, 1974. Anyone who knows this game knows how much beauty there can be in the game of chess.
A. Lukashenko said that Parliament is a school, and the people who graduate from this school shouldn’t be lost.
A.I. won't reach singularity.
A4AI, which is backed by 30 companies and organizations such as tech titans Google, Microsoft and Facebook as well as the U.S. Agency for International Development, the U.S. Department of State and the UK Department for International Development, wants to help broadband Internet access prices fall to below 5 percent of monthly worldwide income.
A: "Maybe you like him?" B: "No way! I don't like him or anything like that. What are you saying?"
A: Now when it is late into the evening, and no one else is expected to arrive, an old servant comes out with a hoary beard, shorn head, grim look, and dirty clothing. B: This kind often like to be cup-bearers to the Roman cardinals.
A: When now it is far in the evening, and no more are expected to come, an old servant comes out with a hoary beard, shorn head, grim look, mean cloaths. B: It behoved such to be cup-bearers to the Roman cardinals.
A: You will not go again to sea hereafter, I suppose. B: Not unless God take away my wits from me.
A: You will not go to sea after all this, I suppose. B: Not unless God takes my sanity from me.
ABBA is releasing a new album after forty years.
ABBA's "Bang-A-Boomerang" is an apt song for my interest in the languages and cultures of indigenous peoples around this globe. I collect research documents about Amerindian, Eskimo, Pacific, Australian Aboriginal, African, and Asian languages and cultures.
ACAB includes Tom.
ADHD stands for: attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
AI already rules the world. We just don't see it.
AI answers must be checked against reliable sources.
AI can do any task poorly.
AI can't write good TV.
AI can't write good movies.
AI companies are loath to reveal their secret sauce.
AI doesn't exist yet.
AI doesn't exist.
AI doesn't have any sense of humour.
AI doesn't really exist yet.
AI facial recognition has led to a number of wrongful arrests.
AI has no ESP. We wonder whether ESP is a characteristic of only biological sentients.
AI is a black box.
AI is bad at its job.
AI is fake.
AI is generally regarded as programming computers to do things that normally require human intelligence — tasks such as planning, learning, reasoning, and problem-solving.
AI is more than capable of doing the job of a bad journalist, but not of a good one.
AI means Artificial Intelligence.
AI might create entirely new jobs and occupations for humans.
AI proved the murder with generated pictures and videos.
AI stands for artificial intelligence.
AI threatens to put an end to the translating profession.
AI will in the future create better conversations with humans. One will be able to select the personality type, ethnicity, gender, age, educational background, and even maybe the language. AI will cure some people's loneliness and apathy.
AI will solve it all.
AIDS alone could account for the difference in the number of people in different generations who identify as LGBTQ+.
AIDS can be stopped only if every person decides to take action against it.
AIDS has broken out.
AIDS means "Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome".
AIPAC is an unaccountable lobbying group with extreme opinions on Israel that do not represent those of American Jews.
ALS had made his hands and arms too weak to hold a pen or to type.
ALS slowly destroys the nerves and muscles needed for moving your body.
AOL merged with Time Warner.
APOPO, a global nonprofit organization in Tanzania, has developed an innovative method of detecting landmines and tuberculosis by using African giant pouched rats' extraordinary sense of smell.
ASAP
ASEAN is made up of 10 countries - Brunei, Burma, Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand and Vietnam - with a combined gross domestic product of one-point-one trillion dollars.
AT&T will buy Time Warner for $85 billion.
ATARASHII GAKKO! made new video clips with Captain Disillusion.
AU rules say the winning candidate must obtain two thirds of member states’ votes. Nmehielle explained that if no one wins this majority in the first round, the candidate with least votes will be knocked out and a second round held.
Aa, Aaaaa~~ It's about to leak.
Aa, Aaaaa~~ It’s about to leak.
Aaah!! My computer is broken!
Aaah... Now I understand.
Aah! Hang on a minute!
Aah, I'm angry for some reason!
Aah, I'm somewhat angry!
Aah, I’m angry for some reason!
Aah, I’m somewhat angry!
Aah, they're onion-flavoured bagels.
Aah, they’re onion-flavoured bagels.
Aah. Now I understand.
Aah... being young is nice, isn't it?
Aamon Animations makes some incredible videos.
Aardvarks are amazing! They can dig and hide in the dirt in less than one minute!
Aardvarks are excellent diggers.
Aardvarks are nocturnal animals.
Aardvarks are normally confused with anteaters.
Aardvarks are solitary animals.
Aardvarks dig in search of food.
Aardvarks have long tongues! Books say that they can measure up to 30 centimeters.
Aardvarks pose a danger for drivers because they can dig holes in the middle of the road.
Aarhus, the second-largest city in Denmark, has the postal code 8000.
Aarhus, the second-largest city in Denmark, has the zip code 8000.
Aaron James Ramsey (born 26 December 1990) is a Welsh professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Premier League club Arsenal and the Wales national team.
Aaron and his brother Moses were prophets of God.
Aaron attempted to guide them back to the worship of Allah but was met with resistance. هاڕوون هه‌وڵی دا تاوه‌كو بیانخاته‌وه‌ سه‌ر هێڵی خواپه‌رستی به‌لام دووچاری به‌رهه‌لستی بوویه‌وه‌
Aaron gave it to Sarah.
Aaron is a prophet of God.
Aaron killed Elizabeth.
Aaron was a prophet, and the elder brother of Moses in the Abrahamic religions.
Aaron was coldly killed by Mary.
Aaron was killed in cold blood by Mary.
Aaron wears strange clothes; people often laugh at the way he dresses.
Aaron, the son of Amram, is a prophet of God.
Aaron, the son of Amram, was a prophet of God.
Aaron‌s legacy was one of steadfast support, patience, and leadership alongside his brother Moses قۆناغی ژیانی هاروون قۆناغێ بوو له‌ پالپشتی و خۆراگری و سه‌ركردایه‌تییه‌كه‌ى شان به‌شانی موسای برای
Aart acted like he didn't notice that Emma was racist.
Aart arrived in Syria to join ISIS.
Aart brought his children to ISIS-controlled Raqqa from Amsterdam.
Aart called Sami "jigaboo."
Aart called the Chinese guy Chink.
Aart considered all Muslims as terrorists.
Aart decided to leave Belgium to go and join ISIS.
Aart doesn't like black people.
Aart got increasingly radicalized.
Aart got more and more radical as time went on.
Aart grew up in a racist family.
Aart had negative stereotypes towards Egyptian women.
Aart has always been a racist.
Aart has negative stereotypes towards Egyptians.
Aart is a dangerous pedophile.
Aart is a dangerous stalker.
Aart is a fucking racist.
Aart is a racist.
Aart is a registered pedophile in Amsterdam.
Aart is an ISIS defector.
Aart is an extremely racist person.
Aart is known for his racist tweets.
Aart is racist.
Aart is really racist.
Aart is seen in this ISIS video inside Syria.
Aart is still racist.
Aart is very racist.
Aart joined ISIS in 2016.
Aart joined ISIS.
Aart left Belgium to join ISIS.
Aart lives in a very racist area.
Aart made a racist statement in front of me.
Aart never says hello to his Egyptian neighbors.
Aart rejected any suggestion his father was a racist.
Aart said very racist things about Jewish people.
Aart thinks that Egyptian culture is very superficial.
Aart tried to bomb Layla's job.
Aart tried to bomb Layla's office.
Aart wanted to join ISIS.
Aart was a burglar and he stole electric appliances.
Aart was a member of the Dutch Nazi party.
Aart was a racist.
Aart was arrested by the FBI.
Aart was incredibly antisemitic.
Aart was racist.
Aart was singing a racist song.
Aart watched many ISIS videos.
Aart worked for the Nazis.
Aart's house was raided by the FBI.
Aart's racist comments are not funny.
Aart's racist comments aren't funny.
Aart's racist stories are not funny.
Aart's racist stories aren't funny.
Aart's story is very interesting.
Aart, a Belgian-born ISIS terrorist, died in Syria.
Aart, a Belgian-born ISIS terrorist, was trying to recruit young Belgians to join the deadly terrorist organization.
Aaww! He's so cute.
Abacuses are counting devices.
Abai is one of the Kazakh people's great poets.
Abalone once supported important commercial and recreational fisheries in California, but the impacts of overfishing and disease have prompted the listing of two species of abalone, white and black, as endangered under the Endangered Species Act.
Abandon all hope, ye who enter here.
Abandon all hope, you who enter here!
Abandon all hope.
Abandon hope, all ye who enter here.
Abandon it there.
Abandon ship!
Abandon ship.
Abandoned buildings are hotspots for drug activity.
Abandoned dogs usually end up in dog pounds.
Abandoning Islam created a hole in his heart.
Abandoning that plan can't be helped.
Abandoning that plan can’t be helped.
Abandonment can be devastating.
Abandonment can happen any time.
Abandonment is painful.
Abandonment issues can be treated.
Abatis consists of branches of trees lying parallel to each other, butts pointing to the rear, and the branches interlaced with barbed wire.
Abbas rightly pointed out that if there is no Israeli effort toward a two-state solution, a one-state solution with equal rights for everyone is the only way forward.
Abbassi Madani used to talk like a cult leader.
Abbassi Madani's Islamist party was disbanded.
Abbiati and Ambrosini asked to cancel the game and reschedule it due to the great shock at the loss of their dear friend Simoncelli.
Abbott killed Mary.
Abbreviating language has been around for a long time, going back as far as ancient Rome.
Abbreviations are often used when there isn’t enough space for the full text.
Abdallah is known for being the most honest, reliable, and affordable repairman in his neighborhood and nearby villages.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika announced his resignation a few weeks after the Algerian peaceful protests had started.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika became president in 1999.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika came back to the presidential palace in 2004, 2009, and 2014.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika came to power in 1999.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika decided to stay for another five years but he resigned in April 2019.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika gained power in 1999.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika had to resign in April 2019.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika held office for twenty years.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika is Algeria's foreign president.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika is Algeria's former president.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika is the former president of Algeria.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika is the most powerful politician that Algeria has had in the last four decades.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika left power in 2019.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika loved taking things under his control.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika ran for office five times.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika resigned before completing his forth term.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika ruled Algeria with his political clan.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika stepped down from power in April 2019.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika took control of Algeria in 1999.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika took control of the country's institutions.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika took office in 1999.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika was aspiring to be reelected.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika was elected as the president of Algeria in 1999.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika was forced to resign in April 2019.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika was in power between 1999 and 2019.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika was in power for twenty years.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika was in power for two decades.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika was popular in Algeria.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika was the president of Algeria from April 1999 to April 2019.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika won the Algerian presidential elections in 1999.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika won the presidential election in April 1999.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika's first mandate was between 1999 and 2004.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika's government is now famous for its corruption.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika, Algeria's former president, wasn't a perfect man.
Abdelaziz Djerad is Algeria's prime minister.
Abdelkader Bensalah became Algeria's head of state in 2019.
Abdelkader Bensalah has been proclaimed the head of state of Algeria.
Abdelkader Bensalah is Algeria's head of state.
Abdelkader Bensalah is just the interim president of Algeria.
Abdelkader Bensalah is still in office.
Abdelkader Bensalah is the head of state of Algeria.
Abdelkader Bensalah, Algeria's head of state, called for new presidential elections.
Abdelkader lives in Mostaganem, in western Algeria.
Abdelmadjid Tebboune is Algeria's new president.
Abdelmadjid Tebboune is Algeria's president.
Abdelmadjid Tebboune is our current president.
Abdelmadjid Tebboune is the president of the republic.
Abdelmadjid Tebboune, Algeria's new president, has just been sworn in.
Abdication is like retirement.
Abdominal pain is a common problem.
Abdul had never had Polish food until yesterday.
Abdul's book was illustrated by none other than Calvin Kaufmann himself.
Abel also offered of the firstlings of his flock, and of their fat: and the Lord had respect to Abel, and to his offerings.
Abel was killed by Cain.
Abelaziz Bouteflika, the former president of Algeria, held power for almost two decades.
Abhinav is never one to pass up on a photo opportunity.
Abide by the inevitable.
Abide by the rules of Islam.
Abide by your promise.
Abide with me.
Abigail Adams was like a modern woman, even though she lived in colonial times. She strongly supported the American Revolution, women’s rights and education. She worked to get public schooling for girls. She was a smart businessperson during a time when women in the U.S. could not even own property.
Abigail Allwood's team trudged a 10-kilometer-long stretch of stromatolites and identified seven different types with exotic shapes.
Ability alone is not enough.
Ability is the only factor considered in promoting employees.
Ability to operate a computer is critical for this job.
Ability to talk distinguishes human beings from animals.
Abject poverty and lack of work has led people to go to extreme measures.
Abkhazia and Samachablo are Georgia!
Abkhazia is Georgia.
Able was I ere I saw him.
Ableism destroys families.
Abler patients are encouraged to stay active.
Abnormal levels of radiation have been recorded in the area.
Aboard the satellite, two cylindrical masses — one made of titanium and one of a platinum-rhodium alloy — will be controlled to remain motionless.
Abolish America.
Abolish borders!
Abolish intellectual property.
Abolish nation-states.
Abolish prisons.
Abolish puppy mills.
Abolish rent.
Abolish restaurants.
Abolish the Americas.
Abolish the carceral state.
Abolish the police.
Abolish work.
Abolishing the deficit is a difficult task.
Abolition of slavery made a big change.
Abolitionism was an effort to end slavery and the slave trade.
Abolitionists believed slavery was evil, and that there could be no compromise with evil.
Abominable!
Aboriginal Australians are among the most jailed people on earth.
Aboriginal Australians are suffering.
Aboriginal Australians make up about 3 per cent of the population.
Aboriginal people are not treated as well as white people.
Aboriginal people continue to fight for dignity.
Aboriginal tools discovered in a limestone cave in northern Australia are thought to be more than 35,000 years old, deepening understanding of Australia’s original residents.
Aborigines are skilled trackers.
Abort!
Abortion bans are about controlling women.
Abortion has never been more popular in the U.S..
Abortion healthcare, like all healthcare, is a human right.
Abortion is a human right.
Abortion is an act, a most violent act.
Abortion is forbidden in numerous countries.
Abortion is good.
Abortion is murder.
Abortion is not an affair of the Church, it's a social affair.
Abortion on demand is good, actually.
About 1 million people poured onto the streets of west London during the two days of the Notting Hill Carnival. Swamped on all sides by massive crowds, hundreds of groups took part in the parade, dancing to the beat of pounding music that pumped through loudspeakers.
About 1,000 people visit Rainbow Mountain every day.
About 1.2 billion people worldwide profess Catholicism - the world's largest Christian faith.
About 1.2 million people die from car crashes every year.
About 10 meters away, pergolas with thick woody vines that climb and contort provide shade for patients and impromptu places to hang intravenous drip bags.
About 10 people are waiting.
About 10 percent of the women with low vitamin E lost their babies, compared with the 5 percent of pregnant women with higher vitamin E levels who miscarried.
About 100 people will be tested with this medicine at a hospital in Tokyo until the end of June.
About 100,000 French nationals were set to travel to the U.S. in March and April.
About 13.5 billion years ago, Matter, energy, time and space came into being with something which we name as Big Bang.
About 14,000 of these usually have tickets for the Center Court.
About 15 years ago, Campana started Animal Orthocare, now called Bionic Pets, and set out to ease the pain and suffering of disabled animals.
About 150 kilometers outside Kyiv we stopped at a gas station and minimart for sandwiches and coffee.
About 175,000 such abdominoplasty surgeries are done each year in the United States, and the number is growing.
About 2 meters of snow fell early Monday in parts of northern Italy’s alpine region, blocking roads and burying cars and houses in some areas.
About 2,000 people gathered on a chilly Sunday afternoon at the city's government center to decry the decision.
About 20 people were injured.
About 21 percent of the Dalit population lives in Uttar Pradesh, India's most populous state.
About 250 million years ago, all the continents we see today were one big supercontinent called Pangaea.
About 250 million years ago, the continents came together to form a supercontinent called Pangea.
About 2500 years ago, a small group of Jewish fighters took the Temple back from occupying foreign forces.
About 27,000 people live in and around Deal, but it has a small town center and it feels very much like a small town.
About 29 million Americans have been diagnosed with diabetes.
About 3,000 people work there.
About 30 million tourists come to Venice each year.
About 30% of Algerians speak Berber as a native language.
About 300 Americans were evacuated Monday and immediately placed in another 14-day quarantine.
About 300 people were arrested.
About 320,000 people live in Iceland. The capital of Iceland is Reykjavik.
About 360 000 babies are born every day and about 152 000 people die every day.
About 360,000 babies are born every day.
About 5,400 of these refugees received permits to reside in Gabon.
About 50 percent of the firms in Japan have acknowledged the necessity of giving their workers longer holidays, and think summer holidays are needed to give their workers both mental and physical refreshment.
About 6 in the drizzling morning, I headed walking towards Tim Hortons, here on Lulu Island. I had a chai tea with oat milk and a four-cheese savoury twist pastry. Later, my Cantonese friend Gary showed up; his family has been in this country for generations. Besides English, he speaks Cantonese and Mandarin. Some people want to live in a different country: Gary wants to live in Vietnam, specifically Ho Chi Minh City, for part of the year, as he has a girlfriend there. He said that he was not having too much language difficulty there, despite that I know that most signs there are in Vietnamese. He suggested that I buy property in the Philippines, where it would be much cheaper. I said that I do not really prefer a Xtian country. I talked about the city of Ayutthaya in Buddhist Thailand, full of expatriates admiring ancient temples there. Later, before 8 in that morning, I walked to Starbucks, and I waited for my Filipino friend Greg, but he did not show up this time. I was drinking an iced strawberry oat matcha latte. Today is the 5th of January of 2025.
About 6 months later, a letter came from her.
About 60% of the country's large youth population is unemployed.
About 600 languages are in process of extinction, because of English.
About 65% of American adults are overweight, which isn't good for their health.
About 65% of American adults are overweight, which isn’t good for their health.
About 68% of Instagram users are female.
About 7,000 years ago a single Erythroxylum shrub in the Northern Territory became isolated from its cousins further east on Cape York in Queensland when melting glaciers created the Gulf of Carpentaria.
About 77 Americans die each day from an opioid overdose.
About 80 million bacteria are transferred during a 10 second kiss.
About 80% of Britain is within a kilometre of a road.
About 80% of North Americans can no longer see the Milky Way because of light pollution.
About 80% of the population is employed in agriculture.
About 800 million years ago, all the continents were pushed together. We call this supercontinent Rodinia.
About 85% of the California coast experiences active erosion due to natural, and anthropogenic causes.
About 9.5% of the earth's surface is desert, and about 33% of the earth's land area is desert.
About 90 percent of the mid-ocean ridge system is under the ocean.
About 90 percent of the mid-ocean ridge system is under the ocean. This system of mountains and valleys criss-crosses the globe, resembling the stitches in a baseball. It's formed by the movement of the Earth's tectonic plates.
About 90 percent of the planets that ever will form are yet to be born.
About 90% of the population relies on subsistence agriculture.
About 97 percent of Earth's water is in the ocean.
About a billion people suffer from hunger and poverty.
About a dozen people attended.
About a dozen trees had soon been planted.
About a million years ago, an icy comet began its journey from its home in our distant solar system, hundreds of times farther out than any planet. Now, the comet has finally reached our inner solar system neighborhood as it follows its long path around the Sun.
About a minute later, he flipped each half over.
About a quarter of a mile from the stables John Straker's overcoat was flapping from a furze-bush. Immediately beyond there was a bowl-shaped depression in the moor, and at the bottom of this was found the dead body of the unfortunate trainer.
About a third of medical staff have been contaminated by the highly contagious virus.
About a third of the world's commercial fish populations are overfished, according to the U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization.
About a third of these diseases can be cured, but the others may be serious, or even fatal.
About a thousand people were there.
About a thousand tons of flour are exported every year.
About a year ago, I started learning how to make tea in secret.
About an hour has elapsed.
About an hour's walk brought us to the lake.
About an hour’s walk brought us to the lake.
About chess and its greatest exponents, many books have been written that are particularly interesting for those who love this fascinating game.
About dinner time, Rev. King was on the balcony outside his room.
About distant relatives, one can complain to their heart's content.
About eighty percent of Russian gas exports to Europe pass through Ukraine.
About eighty thousand spectators packed into the stadium last night.
About face!
About fifteen or sixteen years after, the King and Queen being absent at one of their country villas, the young Princess was one day running up and down the palace; she went from room to room, and at last she came into a little garret on the top of the tower, where a good old woman, alone, was spinning with her spindle.
About fifteen people showed up.
About forty-five percent of the blood consists of formed elements, like red blood cells. Most of the rest is referred to as plasma.
About four thousand soldiers were killed.
About four years ago my Achilles tendon started to hurt and I was told it was Achilles tendonitis.
About half a century ago, the accordion was a very popular musical instrument around the world.
About half of Canada’s ice shelves have disappeared in the last six years.
About half of Gazans rely on United Nations food deliveries.
About half of India is illiterate, and their literacy often isn't about English, so many are not becoming Westernized.
About half of all American workers do not have access to workplace retirement savings plan.
About half of all Samaritans live close to Mount Gerizim.
About half of everything he says is sheer fiction.
About half of the months have thirty days, and the other half of them have twenty-nine.
About half of the world's population is Asian.
About halfway up, I lost my footing and was as scared as I'd ever been; I looked back and far below there were my mom and dad; I knew they were frightened too and their fear seemed to dispel mine -- or my scorn for their fear gave me courage, and I scrambled easily to the precipice.
About how big is the sailboat, would you say?
About how long did it take you to translate this book?
About how long do you think it'll take?
About how long do you think that it'll take?
About how long do you think the meeting will be?
About how long do your meetings usually last?
About how long does it take from your house to the station?
About how long does it take to do that?
About how long does it take to fill the bathtub?
About how long does it take to get to Boston from here?
About how long does it take to get to the airport from here?
About how long does it take to walk to Vienna?
About how long is it going to last?
About how long is the party going to last?
About how long will it take to do that?
About how long will it take to get there by bus?
About how long will it take?
About how long will this take?
About how many English words do you know?
About how many French restaurants do you think there are in Boston?
About how many French words do you know?
About how many books did you read last month?
About how many books did you read last year?
About how many books do you have?
About how many books do you own?
About how many books does this library have?
About how many customers came into your shop today?
About how many days does it take to do that?
About how many days does it usually take to do that?
About how many days will it take to do that?
About how many days will it take to get there?
About how many days will you be in Australia?
About how many days will you be in Boston?
About how many eggs do your hens lay a day?
About how many glasses of milk did you drink last week?
About how many hot dogs do you sell a day?
About how many hours a day do you do that?
About how many hours a day do you study?
About how many hours a day do you watch TV?
About how many hours did you do that?
About how many hours did you watch TV last week?
About how many hours do you do that every day?
About how many hours do you sleep every night?
About how many hours do you think it'll take you to do that?
About how many hours does it take by car?
About how many hours does it take to do that?
About how many hours does it take to get from here to Australia?
About how many hours does it take to get from here to Boston?
About how many hours does it take to get to Australia from here?
About how many hours does it take to get to Boston from here?
About how many hours does it usually take to do that?
About how many hours will it take to do that?
About how many hours will it take to get there by car?
About how many hours will it take you to do that?
About how many hours will you study today?
About how many kilometers per liter does this car get?
About how many minutes does it take to do that?
About how many minutes does it usually take to do that?
About how many minutes will it take to do that?
About how many months will it take to do that?
About how many people do you talk to a day?
About how many pictures does Tom take every day?
About how many stamps do you have?
About how many times a day do you wash your hands?
About how many times a month do you wash your car?
About how many times a week do Tom and Mary do that?
About how many times a week do you do that?
About how many times a week does Tom do that?
About how many times an hour do these buses leave?
About how many times do you think Tom and Mary have done that?
About how many times do you think Tom has done that?
About how many times do you think you've done that?
About how many times have you been here?
About how many trick-or-treaters came to your house?
About how many typhoons hit here every year?
About how many weeks does it take to do that?
About how many weeks will it take to do that?
About how many years does it take to do that?
About how many years will it take to do that?
About how many zoos do you think there are in Australia?
About how much do Christmas trees cost?
About how much does a pair of skis cost?
About how much does it cost to have a dentist remove cigarette tar from your teeth?
About how much money do you have?
About how much money do you need?
About how much money do you spend on clothes a year?
About how much time will it take you to swim thirty laps?
About how much will I have to pay for all the treatments?
About how much will it cost me to get to the airport from here?
About how much will it cost to get to the airport from here?
About how much will it cost?
About how much would a taxi be from here?
About how much would it cost to have this chair repaired?
About how old am I?
About midnight will I go out into the midst of Egypt, and all the firstborn in the land of Egypt shall die.
About my conlang Vling, maybe I just like the word 'bog'. My other favourite English words are 'whirligig', 'tumbleweed', 'serendipity', 'gargoyle', 'jelly', 'storm', 'ambiance', 'steampunk', 'logogram', 'gazebo', and 'thistle'.
About noon the sky darkened, a breeze sprang up, and a low rumble announced the approaching storm.
About one hundred and fifty dollars altogether.
About one hundred interpreters work in that international organization.
About one hundred interpreters work in this international organization.
About one hundred people were killed in this accident.
About one in six workers, some 17% of U.S. employees, could be impacted by social distancing, according to an analysis from Ball State University.
About one in ten people have chronic kidney disease.
About one person dies on K2 for every four who reach the summit, which mountaineers say is “technically hardest” of the 14 tallest mountains in the world.
About one third of the earth's surface is land.
About one third of the earth’s surface is land.
About one-quarter of those with student loans borrowed for graduate school, but that one-quarter owns about half of all outstanding student loan debt.
About one-third of the food eaten by Americans comes from crops pollinated by honey bees, including apples, melons, cranberries, pumpkins, squash, broccoli, and almonds, to name just a few.
About seven billion people live on our planet.
About seven out of every ten stars in our Milky Way are so-called red dwarves.
About seven percent of Guyana's population is Muslim.
About sixty men from the tribe quickly arrived riding horses.
About ten million tons of coal are mined every day in China.
About ten minutes later, the bell rang for tea.
About ten per cent of the world's fish species live in the African Great Lakes region.
About that matter, how did it go?
About the camp coming up, we'll prepare the food so could you arrange three cars?
About the camp coming up, we’ll prepare the food so could you arrange three cars?
About the dictionary, the beans, the crow and the goat: everyone claims that their beans are the easiest to cook. For some, the crow is a goat, even if he sees it flying away. It's like you say.
About the eighth day, the pustule is fully formed, when symptoms of small-pox are usually felt,—headache, shivering, loss of appetite, etc.
About the horrible dream I complained last time... it wasn't a dream, it's reality.
About the question: "What do you drink for breakfast?", "Nothing. I get up and read my email."
About the same time as he entered the classroom and arrived at his seat, the chime to announce class rings across the school.
About the validity of this theory he never had a doubt.
About the wedding ... It's a once-in-a-lifetime chance to be the main attraction, so instead of doing it on a shoestring, why not pull out all the stops and make a great show of it?
About the wedding ... It’s a once-in-a-lifetime chance to be the main attraction, so instead of doing it on a shoestring, why not pull out all the stops and make a great show of it?
About thirty countries were represented.
About thirty firefighters were dispatched.
About thirty insurgents were killed.
About thirty people are waiting.
About thirty people attended Tom's funeral.
About thirty people have been hurt.
About thirty people have been injured.
About thirty people have registered.
About thirty people were injured.
About thirty people were severely injured.
About thirty schools participate every year.
About thirty soldiers were wounded.
About thirty students are expected to participate.
About thirty thousand people took part in the race.
About thirty villagers were injured.
About this time of the year typhoons visit the island.
About this time tomorrow, we will be in London.
About this time tomorrow, we'll be climbing Mt. Fuji.
About this time tomorrow, we'll be in Boston.
About this time tomorrow, we’ll be climbing Mt. Fuji.
About this time, the disease slowed.
About three fourths of the earth's surface consists of water.
About three fourths of the earth’s surface consists of water.
About three out of every four marriages end in divorce.
About three weeks.
About three-quarters of the population lives below the poverty line.
About time too!
About time!
About to be fried, these mushrooms were cut into small pieces.
About to fish, he goes.
About today's packed-lunch, the menus prepared by Itsuki and Tanaka are low in beta-carotene-rich vegetables again aren't they?
About today’s packed-lunch, the menus prepared by Itsuki and Tanaka are low in beta-carotene-rich vegetables again aren’t they?
About twenty people came to the party.
About twenty people were injured.
About twenty-four miles from Mitylene a rich man had an estate, none finer than which could be found in all the surrounding country. The neighbouring woods abounded with game, the fields yielded corn, the hillocks were covered with vines, there was pasture land for the herds, and the whole was bounded by the sea, which washed an extensive smooth and sandy shore.
About two centuries after the formation of the first World State, the President of the World declared that the time was ripe for a formal union of science and religion, and called a conference of the leaders of these two great disciplines. Upon that island in the Pacific which had become the Mecca of cosmopolitan sentiment, and was by now one vast many-storied, and cloud-capped Temple of Peace, the heads of Buddhism, Mohammedanism, Hinduism, the Regenerate Christian Brotherhood and the Modern Catholic Church in South America, agreed that their differences were but differences of expression. One and all were worshippers of the Divine Energy, whether expressed in activity, or in tense stillness. One and all recognized the saintly Discoverer as either the last and greatest of the prophets or an actual incarnation of divine Movement. And these two concepts were easily shown, in the light of modern science, to be identical.
About two centuries ago, American local, state and federal governments poured millions of dollars into building canals to move the nation’s people and goods.
About two hours have passed.
About two hours went by.
About two miles farther on, the road bent to the right.
About two million pounds of flour are exported annually.
About two million pounds of wheat were exported annually.
About two weeks.
About two-thirds of France’s 101 administrative departments face water restrictions after excessive dry weather.
About two-thirds of global sea level rise is due to meltwater from glaciers and ice sheets.
About two-thirds of the Earth's oxygen is produced by phytoplankton.
About what do women like talking?
About what happened earlier...
About what subjects are women interested?
About what time did you hear the shots?
About what time do you think you can make it here?
About what time will Tom be back?
About what time will you be doing that?
About what time?
About what?
About which Tom are you talking?
About whom was he commenting?
Above all I want to write hundreds of sentences in Tatoeba, but I have to work.
Above all do not forget your duty to love yourself.
Above all things, we must not be selfish.
Above all, Bill was worried about gaining weight.
Above all, I don't want to think about anything anymore.
Above all, I take care of my health.
Above all, I want to be healthy.
Above all, I want to see him again.
Above all, I'd like to broaden my knowledge of the language.
Above all, I'm glad you're safe.
Above all, India's democratic values and commitment to pluralism make it a beacon of hope and inspiration for the world.
Above all, Tom wants to debunk clichés.
Above all, be careful about what you eat and drink.
Above all, be kind to old people.
Above all, be patient.
Above all, be true to yourself.
Above all, beware of pickpockets.
Above all, beware of the cat.
Above all, children need love.
Above all, don't be selfish.
Above all, don't buy anything from him: he's a blithering swindler.
Above all, don't forget to write me.
Above all, don't move and remain calm.
Above all, don't panic!
Above all, don't tell Tom.
Above all, don't tell a lie.
Above all, don't tell him anything.
Above all, don’t buy anything from him: he’s a blithering swindler.
Above all, don’t tell a lie.
Above all, drinking water is needed.
Above all, fame means dying at the right time.
Above all, let's not panic.
Above all, logic requires precise definitions.
Above all, look after yourself.
Above all, scientific terms call for precise definitions.
Above all, stay calm!
Above all, take care of yourself.
Above all, the vanity of many people seems so unbearable because it disturbs the vanity of others.
Above all, there is a shortage of flats.
Above all, there's a lack of flats.
Above all, try to be kind to the old.
Above all, watch your diet.
Above all, we must be healthy.
Above all, we must not be selfish.
Above all, you must help each other.
Above all, you must take good care of yourself.
Above all, you must work now.
Above and beyond all of this, he can read Hebrew.
Above and beyond this, he can read Hebrew.
Above it.
Above the 2000-meter limit, trees don't grow.
Above the bush the trees stood in serried ranks.
Above the city is a cloudless nighttime sky.
Above the clouds, the pilot felt a freedom without boundaries.
Above the clouds, the sun keeps on shining.
Above the gardens lies a mountain.
Above the lifeguard station, a black flag was flying to indicate that swimming in the ocean was dangerous.
Above the moon, everything is eternal; below, there is nothing save mortality.
Above the music, I could hear her crying.
Above the sea hovered a seagull, intangible as a dream.
Above the sink are several whisky bottles.
Above the table is a lamp.
Above this the rest of the house is generally made of wood.
Above-ground bases cannot be built in valleys where avalanches are likely to occur.
Abracadabra!
Abraham Lincoln became president during the eighteen sixties when several southern states decided they no longer wanted to be part of the Union.
Abraham Lincoln is a famous person.
Abraham Lincoln issued a Thanksgiving proclamation in the middle of the U.S. Civil War in 1863 in an effort to unify the country.
Abraham Lincoln said don’t trust it when someone quotes on the internet.
Abraham Lincoln was assassinated in the spring.
Abraham Lincoln was buried in his hometown of Springfield, Illinois.
Abraham Lincoln was killed during the play Our American Cousin at Ford's Theatre.
Abraham Lincoln was shot by actor John Wilkes Booth at a play.
Abraham Lincoln went back to Washington that night.
Abraham Lincoln's father was a carpenter by trade.
Abraham Lincoln, the 16th president of the United States, was born in a log cabin in Kentucky.
Abraham Lincoln’s father was a carpenter by trade.
Abraham answered: I thought with myself, saying: Perhaps there is not the fear of God in this place: and they will kill me for the sake of my wife:
Abraham bowed down before the people of the land. And he spoke to Ephron, in the presence of the people: I beseech thee to hear me: I will give money for the field; take it, and so will I bury my dead in it.
Abraham fell upon his face, and lauĝed, saying in his heart: Shall a son, thinkest thou, be born to him that is a hundred years old? and shall Sara that is ninety years old bring forth?
Abraham got into a fight with Joseph because of Lucy.
Abraham got into a fight with Joseph over Lucy.
Abraham is mentioned in the Quran.
Abraham lifted up his eyes, and saw behind his back a ram, amongst the briers, sticking fast by the horns, which he took and offered for a holocaust instead of his son.
Abraham made haste into the tent to Sara, and said to her: Make haste, temper together three measures of flour, and make cakes upon the hearth.
Abraham my neighbour is the son of Moli, a Fijian of Chinese and East Indian descent, and Leong, a Fijian of Chinese descent. Abraham arrived in Canada at the age of 14, whilst Isaac his brother was 8, and Sandra his sister was 4. So, Abraham, over six decades old now, still has good memory of Fiji. He still knows some Fijian, but his siblings do not. He learned to speak Cantonese for his wife's family. In Fiji, he knew some Hindi from friends.
Abraham removed from thence to the south country, and dwelt between Cades and Sur, and sojourned in Gerara.
Abraham returned to his young men, and they went to Bersabee together, and he dwelt there.
Abraham rose up, and bowed down to the people of the land, to wit, the children of Heth: And said to them: If it please your soul that I should bury my dead, hear me, and intercede for me to Ephron the son of Seor. That he may give me the double cave, which he hath in the end of his field: For as much money as it is worth he shall give it me before you, for a possession of a burying place.
Abraham then arose in the same night, and went with two servants to the distant land, together with Isaac, riding on donkeys.
Abraham then immediately returned to his servants and so they went home with heavenly blessing.
Abraham then ordered Isaac to bring the wood to the place, and he himself brought his sword and fire.
Abraham took this grievously for his son.
Abraham was commanded by God to leave his parents because they were worshiping idols.
Abraham was correct and the forefather of many.
Abraham was ninety and nine years old, when he circumcised the flesh of his foreskin, and Ismael his son was full thirteen years old at the time of his circumcision. .
Abraham wasn't right.
Abraham, Moses, and Jesus are mentioned in the Quran.
Abraham, may God be pleased with him, is the father of Isaac and Ishmael.
Abrahamic religions differ in terms of what they consider idolatry.
Abram believed God, and it was reputed to him unto justice.
Abram dwelt in the land of Canaan, and Lot abode in the towns that were about the Jordan, and dwelt in Sodom.
Abram fell flat on his face. And God said to him: I am, and my covenant is with thee, and thou shalt be a father of many nations. Neither shall thy name be called any more Abram: but thou shalt be called Abraham: because I have made thee a father of many nations.
Abram passed through the country unto the place of Sichem, as far as the noble vale: now the Canaanite was at that time in the land.
Abram therefore said to Lot: Let there be no quarrel, I beseech thee, between me and thee, and between my herdsmen and thy herdsmen: for we are brethren.
Abram was four score and six years old when Agar brought him forth Ismael.
Abrams barked.
Abrams bet Browne a cigarette that it had rained.
Abrams bet Browne a cigarette that it rained.
Abrams bet Browne a cigarette that it was going to rain.
Abrams bet Browne a cigarette that it would rain.
Abrams chased Browne.
Abrams handed Browne the cigarette.
Abrams handed the cigarette to Browne.
Abrams intended Browne to bark.
Abrams intended to bark.
Abrams knew that it rained.
Abrams left it to Browne to bark.
Abrams tanks need too much fuel.
Abrams tanks require too much fuel.
Abrams tanks run on too much fuel.
Abrams was very old.
Abrams wiped the table clean.
Abrams wondered whether Browne barked.
Abranis is a Kabyle rock band.
Abranis, Oulahlou and Ali Amrane are the big stars in the modern Kabyle musical style.
Abruptly changing the subject, have you ever played golf?
Abs are made in the kitchen.
Abseiling is the controlled descent of a steep slope, such as a rock face, by moving down a rope.
Absence and time are nothing when we love.
Absence blots people out. We really have no absent friends.
Absence is the greatest woe.
Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
Absence of evidence does not mean evidence of absence.
Absence of evidence is not evidence of absence.
Absence of rain caused the plants to die.
Absent persons are always wrong.
Absent sustained and vociferous public outcry, President Barack Obama's call for a bipartisan budget deal may fall on deaf ears.
Absinth can cause hallucinations.
Absinthe is made from wormwood.
Absinthe is the beverage of gods.
Absolute freedom is possible.
Absolute poverty has fallen in Algeria.
Absolute power corrupts absolutely.
Absolute privacy on Facebook is an illusion. It doesn't exist in reality.
Absolute privacy on Facebook is an illusion. It doesn’t exist in reality.
Absolute secrecy is essential.
Absolute secrecy is imperative.
Absolute secrecy is necessary.
Absolute secrecy is paramount.
Absolute temperature is a temperature measured from absolute zero in kelvins.
Absolute tolerance is ruinous to a tolerant society.
Absolute truth does not exist.
Absolute truth doesn't exist.
Absolute zero is the lowest possible temperature.
Absolutely disgusting!
Absolutely do not tell anyone else.
Absolutely do not tell other people.
Absolutely do not turn around.
Absolutely impossible.
Absolutely meaningless, said Kohelet. Absolutely meaningless, everything is meaningless.
Absolutely meaningless; everything is meaningless.
Absolutely nobody saw this coming.
Absolutely nonsensical things happen in this world.
Absolutely not!
Absolutely not. It's too cold now.
Absolutely not. It's too cold today.
Absolutely not. It’s too cold today.
Absolutely nothing came easy yesterday.
Absolutely nothing even comes close to the cells in terms of content and quality of information.
Absolutely nothing happened between her and me.
Absolutely nothing is permanent in life.
Absolutely nothing seemed amiss with Yanni.
Absolutely!
Absolutely, your comfort and well-being are my top priorities.
Absolutely.
Absorbing information on the internet is like drinking water from a fire hydrant.
Abstain from fleshly and worldly lusts.
Abstaining from tobacco has improved my health.
Abstract Expressionism is art that shows emotions and ideas through non-representational forms.
Abstract art became popular in the early 20th century.
Abstract art broke from academic tradition.
Abstract art can be minimal or extremely elaborate.
Abstract art can use only colors and shapes to make people feel something.
Abstract art is hard to understand.
Abstract art is not to the taste of everyone.
Abstract art is something to feel.
Abstract art often uses unidentifiable things to convey meaning.
Abstract art represents the modern world.
Abstract art uses shapes and colors to achieve meaning.
Absurd things happen here.
Abu Dhabi is the capital of the United Arab Emirates.
Abu al-Husayn ibn al-Rawandi, already in the ninth century, held that reason is man's exclusive guide to truth, a quest in which revelation is of no help.
Abu al-Husayn ibn al-Rawandi, already in the ninth century, held that reason is man’s exclusive guide to truth, a quest in which revelation is of no help.
Abuja is the capital of Nigeria.
Abundance of love can help to save this world.
Abundant but not profound intelligence.
Abuse can be emotional.
Abuse has no place in therapy.
Abuse of power is only possible because we let people have power.
Abusers make their partners feel badly about themselves. Because they are isolated, people victimized by perspecticide begin to believe the negative descriptions of themselves and lose self-esteem.  Abusive partners create the expectations.
Abusers often cross the line between respect and disrespect.
Abusing drugs can lead to impulsivity and aggression.
Abusing drugs can lead to violence.
Abusing medication can ruin your health.
Abusing sleeping pills is dangerous.
Abusive people often use emotional blackmail to get what they want.
Abusive people will wear you down.
Acacia honey has a light, delicate flavor and remains liquid for a long time due to its low sugar content.
Acacia leaves are a giraffe's favorite meal.
Acacia trees are full of thorns but the mouth of a giraffe is totally impervious to thorns.
Academic articles are the most common way to communicate academic findings.
Academic criticism focused on the lack of evidence for their claims.
Academic fraud is more common than you might think.
Academic fraud is more common than you think.
Academic fraud is probably more common than most people think.
Academic fraud may be more common than you think.
Academic papers are very straightforward.
Academic papers aren't meant for a general audience.
Academic papers should have a clearly defined structure.
Academic response to their theory has been mixed.
Academic writing could be supported by statistics.
Academic writing is boring.
Academic writing is writing about an academic topic.
Academic writing is writing at an academic level.
Academic writing needs careful planning.
Academic writing needs to be concise.
Academic writing needs to be correct.
Academic writing needs to be organized.
Academic writing needs to be thoroughly proofread.
Academic writing needs to have a nice rhythm and flow.
Academic writing needs to show cohesion and coherence.
Academic writing should be accurate.
Academic writing should be balanced.
Academic writing should be clear.
Academic writing should be coherent.
Academic writing should be cohesive.
Academic writing should be critical.
Academic writing should be evidenced.
Academic writing should be evident.
Academic writing should be formal.
Academic writing should be informative.
Academic writing should be meaningful.
Academic writing should be objective.
Academic writing should be precise.
Academic writing should be supported by evidence.
Academic writing should be supported by facts.
Academic writing should be well structured.
Academic writing should contain citation.
Academic writing should contain facts supported by citation.
Academic writing should definitely be formal.
Academic writing should describe things precisely.
Academic writing should give meaningful information.
Academic writing should reveal data.
Academic writing should use clear and precise language.
Academic writing shouldn't be biased.
Academic writing stating information clearly.
Academic writing tends to use more complex sentences.
Academic writing uses academic vocabulary.
Academic writing uses citations.
Academic writing uses technical vocabulary.
Academics are still debating as to the location of the Proto-Indo-European urheimat.
Academics are voicing alarm that creationist ideas are replacing those of evolution.
Academics aren't ashamed to share their errors and blunders with everyone.
Academics disagree.
Academics do research.
Academics experiment.
Academics need to read a lot.
Academics need to think.
Academics read a lot.
Academics say Australian parents have become increasingly cautious and worried about the safety and well-being of their children.
Academics say a lack of outdoor play is robbing children of vital social skills they’ll need as adults.
Academics should be trained to speak and write plainly.
Academics think.
Academics write and publish articles.
Academics write for academic journals.
Academy award-winning filmmaker Danny Boyle reunites with his original Trainspotting cast 20 years later to make a sequel that deals with aging, accountability, friendship and once again, betrayal.
Acadia is not Akkad.
Acadian is not Akkadian.
Acadians are French speakers.
Acai berries have become popular.
Acai is a berry that comes from the state of Pará, Brazil.
Acai is the fruit of a palm tree that grows only in the wild, in the northern rain forest of Brazil.
Acaraje, a Brazilian food from Africa, is a ball of caupi bean dough, onions, and salt, fried in palm oil and served with shrimp and a spicy sauce.
Accelerate a bit, otherwise the car will stop on this hill.
Accelerate!
Accelerate.
Accelerating climate change has caused serious impacts. Higher temperatures and extreme weather events are damaging food production, rising sea levels and more damaging storms are putting our coastal cities increasingly at risk and the impacts of climate change are already harming economies around the world, including those of the United States and China. These developments urgently require enhanced actions to tackle the challenge.
Accent lighting is an important part of interior design.
Accent marks ahead!
Accentuating the wrong syllable can make what you're saying incomprehensible.
Accept Islam.
Accept a person's love.
Accept a person’s love.
Accept both good and bad.
Accept everything just the way it is.
Accept feedback and don't take things personally.
Accept feedback.
Accept his request.
Accept it or not, this is a debatable view.
Accept it!
Accept it.
Accept me as l am.
Accept me the way I am.
Accept my heartfelt, humble apology.
Accept my humble apologies.
Accept our request.
Accept people for who they are.
Accept suffering and achieve atonement through it â€” that is what you must do.
Accept suffering and achieve atonement through it — that is what you must do.
Accept that people are different.
Accept that some days you're the pigeon and some days you're the statue.
Accept that some days you’re the pigeon and some days you’re the statue.
Accept that.
Accept the job and don't be afraid.
Accept the trinity or die.
Accept whatever happens and you will not suffer.
Accept your fate.
Accept your nerdhood. Be proud of your nerdhood!
Accept your past without regrets.
Accept your responsibilities with courage.
Accept yourself fully.
Accept yourself.
Acceptable and unacceptable are clearly in opposition to each other.
Acceptance could pave the way for mutual respect.
Acceptance of the document occurs only by mutual agreement of both parties.
Acceptance of the document occurs only by mutual agreement of the parties.
Accepting a favor is selling your freedom.
Accepting imperfections is important.
Accepting money as a politician is sometimes a gray area.
Accepting negative feedback is hard.
Accepting our imperfections allows us to have more compassion and understanding towards others.
Accepting the other's norms is submitting to the other's power.
Accepting the other’s norms is submitting to the other’s power.
Accepting the truth is so difficult that many people often prefer to ignore it.
Accepting various viewpoints is important.
Accepting what you say, I'm still against the project.
Accepting what you say, I’m still against the project.
Access denied.
Access granted.
Access only.
Access restricted.
Access to A is available from B.
Access to books is a critical part of learning to read.
Access to clean water shouldn't be a luxury in Algeria.
Access to electricity has improved in Algeria.
Access to gas has improved in Algeria.
Access to information is now much easier than at any point in the past, thanks to the internet.
Access to the base is tightly restricted.
Access to the domestic market should act on the whole island as a powerful incentive for economic development.
Access to the internet has been intermittent in the past week, with certain apps and websites blocked, including Facebook, where citizens had been posting livestreams of protests.
Access to the mountaintop is difficult.
Access to the resort is quite easy.
Accessibility is an issue.
Accessing foreign adult websites is illegal in certain parts of France.
Accessing foreign websites that didn't register with the government is illegal in Belarus.
Accessing materials on this subject is a lot of work.
Accessories are sometimes important.
Accessories were laid out on the shelf for sale.
Accidental damage isn't covered by the warranty.
Accidentally I saw things I should not see again.
Accidents are a fact of life.
Accidents are a part of life.
Accidents are allowed on this road.
Accidents are bound to happen.
Accidents are inevitable.
Accidents are prohibited on this road.
Accidents arise from carelessness.
Accidents can happen anytime.
Accidents can happen at any time.
Accidents can happen to anyone.
Accidents caused by snow have continued to be widespread.
Accidents do happen.
Accidents don't happen; they're caused.
Accidents happen all the time.
Accidents happen every day in this sport.
Accidents happen every day.
Accidents happen on the job.
Accidents happen on the road.
Accidents happen out of negligence.
Accidents happen to all of us.
Accidents happen to us all.
Accidents happen when you least expect them to happen.
Accidents happen when you least expect them to.
Accidents happen when you least expect them.
Accidents happen.
Accidents have been rare.
Accidents have increased in number.
Accidents hurt us all.
Accidents like this are extremely rare.
Accidents like this are very rare.
Accidents occur all the time.
Accidents of this kind often occur.
Accidents often result from carelessness.
Accidents will happen in the best-regulated families.
Accidents will happen when they are least expected.
Accidents will happen when we are off guard.
Accidents will happen.
Accommodation is in individual tents.
Accompanied by key local officials and reporters, the president walked across areas of beach on the Louisiana coast, at one point stooping to pick up tar balls from the surf.
Accompany me if you have time.
Accompany me to Boston.
Accomplish it while you're here.
Accomplishments are a friend in need.
According as thou esteemest thyself, others will esteem thee.
According the weather report, it'll rain tomorrow.
According to 2014 data, the three countries with the most avid readers, by number of hours per week, are as follows: India, Thailand and China.
According to AMeDAS, the amount of precipitation in the village has exceeded 1,200 mm in three days.
According to Andy Warhol, everyone will have fifteen minutes of fame.
According to Angela, who completed her undergraduate degree at NTU, language exchange has become especially popular in the last few years as the campus internationalized.
According to Aristotle, the planets and stars were located in an unchanging region of the world called the aether.
According to Aristotle: "The ignorant affirms, the learned doubts, the wise reflects."
According to B'reshit Rabba, Noah's wife Naamah was a righteous descendant of Cain.
According to Belarusian laws, not having a portrait of President Lukashenko in one's apartment or house is punishable by the death penalty.
According to Buddhism, the primary cause of suffering is attachment.
According to Buddhists, the human world we inhabit now offers the best opportunity to escape the cycle of reincarnation.
According to CNN, in 2012, a British schoolboy found a .6-kilogram piece of ambergris and was paid $63,000 for it.
According to Canadian law the mother tongue is the first language a child learns in the home, provided that he or she still understands this language at the time of the census.
According to Christian tradition, Sunday is the first day of the week.
According to Dan, Linda committed suicide.
According to Dan, Linda had killed herself.
According to Dave Stenberg at the University of Nebraska's Agricultural Extension office in Lexington, there are so many grasshoppers in the fields this year, the ground looks like it is moving.
According to David Frum, the US Republican Party staged a convention which was their most listless and most joyless in twenty years, but Elizabeth Warren characterized that convention as the nastiest and most divisive in half a century.
According to Delroy L. Paulhus and Kevin M. Williams, the "dark triad" of personality traits consists of narcissism, Machiavellianism, and psychopathy.
According to Dr. Kattnig, pigeons use quantum mechanics to find their way home.
According to East Asian reckoning, he's thirty-seven.
According to Einstein, everything is relative.
According to Eliot, April is the cruelest month.
According to Elle magazine, actress Cameron Diaz wears a lucky necklace, as does Lindsay Lohan.
According to Ethnologue, Berber is a language family that contains 27 languages.
According to Eugene Wigner, a Nobel laureate in Physics, human conscious awareness might actually "reach out" – in some unexplained way – and change the physical state of a system.
According to European laws, the punishment for having a portrait of President Lukashenko in one's apartment or house is a life in Belarus.
According to Fat Mario, The Enclosed Instruction Book is the best book ever.
According to Galen, the four elements of Aristotelian science—fire, water, air, and earth—comprised the four major humors of the human body: blood, phlegm, yellow bile, and black bile.
According to Herodotus, the Pharaoh Psamtik I wanted to know the first language of humanity.
According to Islamic principles, Arabs and non-Arabs pray in the same mosque.
According to Islamic principles, believers are brothers.
According to Islamic principles, black and white people pray in the same mosque.
According to Islamic principles, homosexuality is an immoral thing.
According to Islamic principles, homosexuality is wrong morally speaking.
According to Islamic principles, pigs are considered unclean.
According to Islamic principles, seeking knowledge is an obligation.
According to Islamic principles, there is no superiority of whites over blacks.
According to Islamic principles, we believe in Day of Judgment.
According to Islamic principles, we believe that God is one.
According to Islamic principles, you should put your parents above you.
According to Islamic principles, you should show kindness to your parents.
According to Islamic principles, you should show respect to your parents.
According to Islamic principles, you should treat people fairly and equally.
According to Islamic principles, you should treat people in a friendly way.
According to Islamic principles, you should treat your parents with the utmost respect.
According to Islamic principles, you'd express your faith directly to your God.
According to Islamic principles, your parents have rights over you.
According to Islamic principles, your wife and children have rights over you.
According to Islamophobes, Muslims, all of them, want to destroy the West because they hate the freedoms of Westerners.
According to Jay, the stars were aligned, because within a year, sales of the album soared.
According to Jean-Paul Sartre, the meaning of life vanishes when the illusion of being eternal is lost.
According to Jehovah's Witnesses, there will be physical paradise on Earth for the Millennium after Armageddon. After the Millennium, God will release Satan for the distilling test of remaining humankind, resurrected from the dead in Hades, Sheol. A war greater than Armageddon will occur. This world will continue thereafter. New scrolls will reveal what will happen later.
According to Jewish tradition, the first fratricide was also the first homicide.
According to John, the bank closes at 3 p.m.
According to Judaism, Elijah will return to herald the coming of the Messiah.
According to Judaism, Satan is an angel in the service of God.
According to Judaism, life begins at birth and not at conception.
According to Judaism, wicked souls are purified in Gehinnom, which lasts no longer than a year, before going on to Gan Eden (Paradise).
According to Kenya's National Tuberculosis, Leprosy and Lung Disease Program, the major factor responsible for the large TB disease burden is the concurrent HIV epidemic.
According to Kosinski, it was important to Duncan Phillips to juxtapose great European paintings with American artists to prove that the Americans were equally important.
According to Leucippus and Democritus, the atom was indivisible. Today we know that is not true.
According to Mary's will, Tom will inherit her entire estate.
According to Mary, Tom is a massive twat.
According to Mary, Tom isn't going to go to Boston with her.
According to Mary, Tom's a massive twat.
According to Mike, Mac bought a new car.
According to Mr Johnson, Palestinians aren't like us.
According to Ms. Morillon, the report disproves the theory that economic prosperity is a precondition for democracy.
According to NORC at the University of Chicago, 58 percent of Americans support allowing parents of transgender children to access gender-affirming care for them.
According to NORC at the University of Chicago, Americans overwhelmingly oppose allowing service providers to refuse service to an LGBTQ person on religious grounds.
According to Newton's Third Law of Motion "Every action has an equal and opposite reaction."
According to Newton's second law of motion, a force is produced when a mass is accelerated.
According to Peter Tsou, head of the NASA team that's making aerogel for the Stardust mission, the material's ability to absorb intense heat is another important quality.
According to Piomelli, when fatty foods are swallowed and hit the upper digestive tract, they trigger the production of endocannabinoids.
According to Rabbinic tradition, the Messiah will be born on Tisha B'Av.
According to Rafael Leitão, it is very difficult for a professional chess player to get sponsorship in Brazil, because chess is not popular in our country.
According to Rosstat, three-quarters of Russians make up 75% of Russia's population.
According to Saint Thomas, reason can help faith in three ways.
According to Salem Chaker, the word "Tamazight" meaning the language which has no real existence, is first of all a neologism in the Berber culture, precisely cited in 1945.
According to Shinto, at the death of a person, there are several possible destinations: in the young life far beyond the ocean, in the invisible astral world, in the underworld, or in the mountains to watch out for family survivors. In Shinto, the notion exists that a person may become a "kami." There are many "kami," and they are sometimes called "kamigami." Sometimes, the Japanese call God "Kami-sama." Often, "kami" also means spirits or souls, not just gods.
According to Stewart, the Chinese also have a special reverence for the number seven. They believe that many stages of their lives are related to that number, he explains. People get their baby teeth when they're seven months old, their adult teeth when they're seven years old, go through puberty when they're 14, which is 2 times 7, women go through menopause when they're 49, which is 7 times 7. Stewart says people find these patterns significant because they suggest, in one sense, a grand plan. Clearly, he notes, these ages aren't exact, women don't always go through menopause at 49, but they're very close approximations. And the number seven keeps coming up.
According to TV news, there was a plane crash in India.
According to Tarrasch, the best attacking piece is the king's bishop.
According to Tatoeba rules, you explicitly shouldn't orient yourself to translations in other languages.
According to The Black Book of Capitalism, capitalism killed at least 100 million people in the 20th century.
According to Thucydides, the Peloponnesian war was the war between the Peloponnesians and the Athenians, who fought against each other, the one in 431 BC being fought in 431 BC and the other in 404 BC.
According to Tom and Mary, John isn't going to go to Boston with them.
According to Tom's calculations, the rapture is set to occur in exactly three years.
According to Tom's doctors, his condition is incurable.
According to Tom's will, Mary will inherit his entire estate.
According to Tom, Danish is the most beautiful language in the world.
According to Tom, Jane got married last month.
According to Tom, Mary can't understand French.
According to Tom, Mary committed suicide.
According to Tom, Mary got married last month.
According to Tom, Mary has sold her car.
According to Tom, Mary is a coward.
According to Tom, Mary is a very good singer.
According to Tom, Mary is just a predatory guru who promises gain.
According to Tom, Mary is sick.
According to Tom, Mary is wild in bed.
According to Tom, Mary isn't going to do that.
According to Tom, Mary isn't going to go to Boston with him.
According to Tom, Mary killed herself.
According to Tom, Mary used to live in Boston.
According to Tom, Mary was with him on that day.
According to Tom, Mary will be here tomorrow.
According to Tom, it was Mary who ate all the biscuits.
According to Tom, nothing was stolen.
According to Tom, that won't happen.
According to Tom, that's not going to happen.
According to Tom, the accident was Mary's fault.
According to Tom, the entire Earth's economy, our lives and politics are concentrated on the production of cars and the corresponding extraction and selling of oil.
According to Tom, the theory of evolution by random mutations and natural selection is not convincing for several reasons, the most important of which is the existence of DNA. Among other unacceptable points, Tom adds, this theory claims that the human mind – Socrates, Plato, Aristotle, Galileo, Newton, Shakespeare, Descartes, Da Vinci, Mozart, Einstein, Darwin himself – evolved from the mind of an unidentified primate, which would be our ancestor.
According to Tom, there was a misunderstanding.
According to Tom, we shouldn't have done that.
According to Tom, you weren't in class today.
According to Tom’s will, Mary will inherit his entire estate.
According to Vladimir Chizhov, the word "pussy" is indecent.
According to a 2012 study, 53% of marriages around the world are arranged.
According to a 2018 Pew Research Center survey, 95% of 13- to 17-year-olds have access to a smartphone.
According to a 2021 study by the University of Chicago, 40% of unsheltered homeless people are employed.
According to a Chinese think tank, the world will see immense economical growth in the next five years.
According to a Cornell University study, unattractive defendants are 22 percent more likely to be convicted than good-looking ones.
According to a Gallup poll, 44% of Americans believe the world is less than 10,000 years old.
According to a Spanish proverb you should never read the Bible, unless you want to become an atheist.
According to a UN rapporteur, Assange shows signs of psychological torture.
According to a University of Minnesota study published earlier this year, 18 million reproductive-age women live in America’s rural counties, but over half of these counties have no hospital where a woman can give birth.
According to a new World Bank publication, by the year 2050 world income will reach more than 135 trillion dollars, up from 35 trillion dollars today. For many analysts this growing wealth is proof that "globalization," the term generally used for adopting a free-market economy and integrating into world markets, is improving the lives of many people around the world. But critics say fast economic growth has been, at best, uneven in many parts of the world and has had a negative impact on the environment, energy consumption, social justice and international security.
According to a new study, that's true.
According to a new study, the thawing Alaskan permafrost is releasing emissions of nitrous oxide at a rate about 12 times higher than thought. Along with being the third most significant greenhouse gas, nitrous oxide, once it combines with sunlight and oxygen in the stratosphere can convert to nitrogen oxides. This is something scientists say may harm the ozone layer.
According to a new study, zebras developed their stripes to avoid annoying, and sometimes dangerous insect bites.
According to a recent study, the average life span of the Japanese is still increasing.
According to a recent survey, most people think this is a good idea.
According to a report, at least a third of boardroom positions at Britain’s biggest companies should be held by women by the end of the decade.
According to a researcher, alcohol misuse costs Belgian society 4.2 billion euros annually. That is more than the social cost of diabetes or cancer.
According to a review of previous research, high levels of chocolate consumption can reduce the risk of coronary heart disease and stroke.
According to a study by the German Institute for Economic Research, the 45 richest German households own as much wealth as the bottom half of the population.
According to a study conducted by the Parenthood Foundation, the percentage of young people having unprotected sexual intercourse is on the rise.
According to a study published in 2016, Germany is the best country in the world and Canada is the second best country.
According to a study, big women are more prone to have twins.
According to a survey done by the UN in 2015, Russia is one of the few countries that has a large number of both immigrants and emigrants.
According to a survey, 1 billion people are suffering from poverty in the world.
According to a survey, 1 thousand million people are suffering from poverty in the world.
According to a survey, three in five people today are indifferent to foreign affairs.
According to all known laws of aviation, there is no way that a bee should be able to fly.
According to all probability, no language is totally free of loan words.
According to an IQ test I filled online I am smart enough to join Mensa. The question is: Am I stupid enough to believe it?
According to an anecdote, a Hungarian ornithologist was invited to give a lecture on his field in East Germany, and a Hungarian student who studied there was asked to interpret. The lecture started, the first picture was shown, with the following words: "This is a hoopoe with perching legs and a double-feathered crest that can be made erect or decumbent.” The explanation was followed by an awkward silence and after long, painful minutes, the interpreter started to speak: “Vogel!” (bird).
According to an estimate, steel production will reach 100 million tons this year.
According to an expert, neither mountaineering nor skiing is dangerous.
According to an expert, the experience can be a 'huge shock' to families.
According to an old Christmas custom, if a woman is caught standing under hanging mistletoe, a man may kiss her.
According to an old rhyme, Wednesday's child is full of woe. On which day of the week were you born?
According to astrology, moon phases influence our lives.
According to current rumors, he plans to resign next week.
According to custom, the bride should be compliant.
According to data from the company Rostekhnologii, only eight percent of household waste is recycled in Russia, while the rest of the garbage is taken to landfills for burial.
According to dentists, decayed teeth are not always caused by sweets.
According to dentists, tooth decay is not always caused by sweets.
According to dentists, tooth loss isn't always caused by eating candy.
According to dentists, tooth loss isn't always caused by eating sweets.
According to diplomatic protocol, this information cannot be disclosed.
According to doctors, the drug is safe.
According to experts, that isn't likely to happen.
According to experts, that's not likely to happen.
According to folktales, cats have nine lives.
According to functionalist theory, acne outbreaks provide a necessary limit on the number of prom attendees.
According to grandmother: "They appreciate me during hardships!"
According to her opinion, yes.
According to her, he is a coward.
According to her, he isn't coming.
According to her, he will not go.
According to her, he won't come.
According to her, he's not going.
According to him it's an alien, but I disagree.
According to him, she is honest.
According to him, she is not coming.
According to him, that’s because your nervous system instinctively bypasses your rational mind when your boss seems to be posing a threat to your well-being.
According to him, the discovery of this previously-unknown aspect of the parasite's lifecycle opens up new possibilities for disrupting that lifecycle to stop the disease.
According to him, the president must not be turned into a caricature, the loss of authority and public order cannot be borne.
According to him, yes.
According to his advice, I decided it.
According to his biographer, this marked a pivotal moment in Grant's life; prior to this promotion, Grant had largely experienced challenges, setbacks and outright failures in his professional life.
According to his information, the police will not deliver any criminal charges in connection with the event.
According to his opinion, yes.
According to his schedule, Tom should have been here by now.
According to his schedule, Tom should've been here by now.
According to informed sources, ____ Ltd. is preparing for the move up to the first section of the Tokyo Stock exchange.
According to international law, Israel's settlements in the West Bank are totally illegal.
According to legend, Osiris was murdered by his own brother, Set.
According to legend, Washington asked Ross to design and sew the new nation’s flag.
According to legend, ghosts would appear in that forest, so people would not set foot there.
According to legend, ghosts would come out in that forest, so people would not enter that forest.
According to legend, the French composer Alkan was killed by a collapsing bookcase when he tried to reach for the Talmud, a holy Jewish book, in the study in his house.
According to legend, the bodies of Ziri and Rima were never found.
According to legend, the wood used to be haunted, so people would avoid it.
According to legend, those woods used to be haunted, so people would avoid entering.
According to linguists, Berber is not a language but a group of languages.
According to local media, the "technical snag" that prompted the postponement of the launch was a fuel leak in the rocket.
According to many experts, locusts and mealworms, among other insects, are the food of the future because they are rich in proteins and much less environmentally harmful than, for example, cattle. But, do they also taste good?
According to many religions, adultery is a crime.
According to me we can do that.
According to me, all people are good, but some are better than others.
According to meteorologists, from tomorrow on the weather will be very hot.
According to my accountant, this isn't a good time to invest in the stock market.
According to my calculation, she should be in India by now.
According to my calculations, this should be enough money.
According to my experience, I suspect that he is a big con man. That is my honest opinion.
According to my experience, it takes one year to master French grammar.
According to my grandmother, being active is the key to her good health.
According to my headcanon, Luke Skywalker is a gay ace.
According to my sister, my muscles are in my head.
According to my teacher, I'm a good pupil.
According to mythology, Prometheus stole the sacred fire from the gods.
According to myths, the Trojan War began with a quarrel between three goddesses.
According to news reports, Filipinos are stupid.
According to newspaper reports, there was an airplane accident last evening.
According to official statistics, the Japanese work longer hours than workers in most other industrialized countries.
According to one legend, it gets its name from a priest.
According to one story, the money was round so that it could roll from place to place.
According to one study, Amazon's sales go down by 1% for every 100-millisecond lag in its loading times.
According to one website, low carb diets do work.
According to our Standard Operating Procedure (S.O.P.), Tom should have refactored the critical code that caused this error.
According to our bargain, you have to pay half.
According to our family folklore, my grandfather played the harmonica better than his brother, my great uncle, played the accordion.
According to our rules, all participants must present a photo ID, registration papers and valid license for inspection.
According to our teacher, she entered the hospital.
According to pernickety moderators, non-sentences constitute a mortal danger to Tatoeba.
According to pernickety moderators, non-sentences turn Tatoeba into a mortal danger.
According to police, no one died.
According to popular wisdom, the healing process gradually occurs as time goes by.
According to research by Gunnar Samuelsson, Jesus may not have died on a cross. Instead, it's possible that he died on a pole or a tree trunk.
According to research by Gunnar Samuelsson, Jesus may not have died on a cross. Instead, it’s possible that he died on a pole or a tree trunk.
According to researchers from the Carsey Institute at the University of New Hampshire, 15.7 million children lived in poverty in America in 2010.
According to schedule, this task should be finished within this week.
According to science, humans evolved from monkeys.
According to scientific estimates, the universe is nearly 14 billion years old.
According to scientists, the atmosphere is getting warmer year after year.
According to scientists, the “Albany Hotspot” is the third most species-diverse region in the world, after the Amazon Jungle in South America and the Cape Floral Kingdom in South Africa’s Western Cape province.
According to scripture, God helped the Jews, led by Moses, escape bondage in Egypt and cross the Red Sea into the desert.
According to set theory, I do not like the set of all beers -- namely, this one in particular.
According to sharia law, lending money with an interest rate is sinful.
According to some denominations of Christianity, Lucifer was an archangel, along with Michael and Gabriel, but then fell from Heaven because he didn't like the humans that God created.
According to some experts the spoken language uses few subordinate clauses.
According to some historians, Napoleon was an enlightened despot because of improvements he made in the social institutions of France. Others denounce him as an egocentric dictator because of the large number of people who died in his wars.
According to some historians, the ability of human beings to master fire was the greatest technological advance of the Palaeolithic period.
According to some people, her son is dead.
According to some people, his son is dead.
According to some reports, the explosion took place inside a black metal toolbox; according to others, inside a garbage can.
According to some scholars, a major earthquake could occur at any moment now.
According to some sources, Noam Chomsky is the most cited living author.
According to sources, a part of the flyover has collapsed.
According to statistics, men's wages are higher than women's.
According to statistics, men’s wages are higher than women’s.
According to statistics, world population is on the rise.
According to strict etiquette, the bride ought to have opened the ball; but Lady Ashton, making an apology on account of her daughter's health, offered her own hand to Bucklaw as substitute for her daughter's.
According to the "Ahl al-Haqq" the universe consists of only one substance, and all that we name generations and corruptions, death and life, is a mere combination or dissolution of modes.
According to the "Levada Center" organization, approximately 70% of Russians have never been outside of the former USSR.
According to the "ahl al-haqq" the universe consists of only one substance, and all what we name generations and corruptions, death and life, is a mere combination or dissolution of modes.
According to the 2015 National Transgender Survey in the United States, 47% of American trans people have been sexually assaulted. This is the same study where the famous 41% suicide attempt figure comes from.
According to the 2015 National Transgender Survey in the United States, almost a third of transgender Americans live in poverty, compared to 14% for the general population.
According to the 2015 National Transgender Survey in the United States, eight percent of transgender Americans have developed a urinary tract infection from avoiding public restrooms.
According to the ABC news, another jet-liner was hi-jacked in the Middle East.
According to the AP, enrollment in journalism programs is up.
According to the Academy's code of conduct, such consequences could entail "suspension of membership or expulsion from membership."
According to the American Speech-Language-Hearing Association, approximately 15 percent of U.S. adults complained of hearing loss in 2014.
According to the American journal International Living, Uruguay is ranked among the twenty safest countries in the world.
According to the Bavarian Purity Law, only barley, hops, water and yeast may be used to brew beer.
According to the Bible, God created the world in six days.
According to the Bible, God made the world in six days.
According to the Bible, it is God himself, assuming human nature.
According to the Bible, the Three Kings were guided to Jesus by a shining star.
According to the Bible, the pelican fed its chicks with its own blood.
According to the CDC, however, rates of tobacco use are rising among America's youth. Last year, 4.9 million middle- and high school students used tobacco, an increase from 3.6 million in 2017.
According to the CRC, all people under 18 are considered to be children.
According to the Canadian government "punctuation should be as consistent as possible within a given text". That would mean that one and the same writer may use a different style of punctuation in a different text on another occasion.
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), more than 2,000 people in the U.S. have suffered lung injuries related to vaping, and at least 39 people have died.
According to the Chinese zodiac, 2015 is the Year of the Sheep and next year will be the Year of the Monkey.
According to the Chinese, the five elements are metal, earth, fire, water and wood.
According to the Gospel of Matthew, Jesus entered the temple and drove out all the traders in the temple and pushed down the table of the money-merchant and the stools of the pigeon sellers.
According to the Hemline Index, the higher the hem of the skirt, the greater the economic prosperity.
According to the IAU, a "dwarf planet" is a celestial body that (a) is in orbit around the Sun, (b) has sufficient mass for its self-gravity to overcome rigid body forces so that it assumes a hydrostatic equilibrium (nearly round) shape, (c) has not cleared the neighbourhood around its orbit, and (d) is not a satellite.
According to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, we must cut our greenhouse gas emissions by at least 40 percent by 2050.
According to the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry, worldwide recording industry revenue rose by 3.2 percent in 2015 to $15 billion, due mostly to an increase in streaming subscription sales, which overtook physical sales for the first time.
According to the Italians, translators are traitors.
According to the Mayan calendar, the end of the world will come soon.
According to the Merriam-Webster dictionary, "sapiosexual" refers to those who are "sexually attracted to highly intelligent people."
According to the National Deaf Center, about half of all deaf people in the USA are unemployed.
According to the Opium Control Act, the cultivation or possession of opium is prohibited.
According to the Oregon State announcement, researchers documented the impact of cougars and wolves on the regeneration of forests and other flora around streams and rivers in Yellowstone National Park.
According to the Oxford English Dictionary, the word 'set' has 430 different meanings or senses.
According to the Oxford English Dictionary, the word ’set’ has 430 different meanings or senses.
According to the PIV, that word is to be avoided.
According to the Panama Canal Authority, the material excavated during its initial construction would have been enough to build 63 pyramids similar in size to those at Giza, Egypt.
According to the Platonic theory, objects observed in the real world are reflections of a limited number of entities.
According to the TV, it will be fine today.
According to the TV, it will rain tomorrow.
According to the Talmud, God visits 18,000 worlds every night.
According to the U.N., food waste is not limited to developed countries, but is a growing problem in poorer countries where refrigeration might not always be available.
According to the U.S. Department of Agriculture’s National Agriculture Statistics Service, honey bees made 157 million pounds of honey in 2019.
According to the UN, the world population exceeded 7 billion in October of the year 2011.
According to the United Nations, Zimbabwe is probably facing its worst humanitarian crisis with more than 5.5 million in need of food aid because of recurring droughts and the moribund economy.
According to the WHO (World Health Organization), 6 people died of accidents involving a refrigerator last year.
According to the WWF, there are only an estimated 2,000 pink dolphins left in the Pearl River Delta — the minimum number that conservationists believe are needed to sustain the species.
According to the Washington Post, between 2000 and 2006, the U.S. government sent $1.3 billion in farm subsidies to people who don't farm.
According to the Washington Post, between 2000 and 2006, the U.S. government sent $1.3 billion in farm subsidies to people who don’t farm.
According to the World Health Organization, about 1.25 million people die from road traffic accidents each year.
According to the World Health Organization, the East Africa region has the highest rate of cervical cancer in the world.
According to the World Health Organization, unprotected sexual intercourse between men and women is the predominant mode of HIV transmission.
According to the World Ocean Review, shipping by sea is responsible for about 3 percent of the world's total carbon emissions. But one Norwegian shipping company is creating hybrid ships and planning for a carbon-free future.
According to the World Wide Fund for Nature, scientists say a warbler found to have been hiding in plain sight around the Cambodian capital is among the new species documented.
According to the World Wildlife Federation, several important commercial fish populations, such as Atlantic bluefin tuna, have declined to the point where their survival as a species is threatened.
According to the X-ray, everything is all right.
According to the ancient Greeks, chaos preceded the existence of the universe.
According to the assistant secretary, PREPA workers are already working towards fixing the outage and restoring electricity as soon as possible.
According to the author Joe Marconi, books that are labeled "Harvard Classics" can demand twice the price.
According to the authorities, that problem will soon have been solved.
According to the ballistics report, this gun can't be the murder weapon.
According to the ballistics report, this gun can’t be the murder weapon.
According to the blog CollegeVine, a student applies to an average of eight to 12 schools per academic year. Fees per school can reach $100 per application, but students can request fee waivers.
According to the budget, she could expend no more on supplies.
According to the bus driver, it wasn't an accident.
According to the chief of police, there were no survivors.
According to the coach, Bob is a good swimmer.
According to the communists, Coca-Cola and McDonald's are symbols of imperialism.
According to the contract you may take three days of bereavement leave for your uncle's funeral, but only one for your nephew's.
According to the critics, the performance was more successful than the better-known and perhaps the most popular Tchaikovsky opera Eugene Onegin, also performed last week.
According to the data from the federal department of statistics, around one out of three Swiss men is overweight.
According to the data in this problem, can we affirm that reflection or refraction is going to occur?
According to the doctors, Tom has not recovered yet.
According to the eschatology of your modish religion, this world would end soon. My Auntie Modie and Uncle Lex waited and waited, but they passed away without witnessing the end of this world. The same was with my father and grandmother who both had the same religion. Are you sure that your generation is so privileged to see the end? Why would you have children? Your religion is not long-view Oriental.
According to the evidence, there's no indication of any misconduct on his part.
According to the experiment, the man would have given up on the treatments proposed to him.
According to the experts, the cloning procedure involves taking genetic material from a mammal's cell and injecting it into a female egg whose nucleus has been removed. The procedure does not guarantee successful pregnancies or healthy clones and most scientists object cloning humans. Rudolph Jaenisch, a medical engineer at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology is one of them. For him, the procedure is scientifically unsafe.
According to the file you gave us, Tom hasn't yet graduated from high school.
According to the fortune teller, I was supposedly a prince in another life.
According to the gas gauge, we still have half a tank.
According to the guidebook, this is the best restaurant around here.
According to the ideas of postmodernism, language shapes our thinking.
According to the ideas of the time, which did not permit a young woman to offer her sentiments on any subject of importance unless required to do so, Lucy was bound to appear ignorant of the meaning of all that had passed betwixt Alice and her father.
According to the image, he was around 30 years old.
According to the inscription, it used to belong to a famous navigator.
According to the internet, extraordinary things are thought to be interesting.
According to the interviewee, the region is mostly rural.
According to the latest census, the language's number of speakers appears to be stable, or even increasing.
According to the latest data, the most popular internet browser in the world is Google Chrome.
According to the latest survey, 99% of employees want a free iPad.
According to the law in this country, minors' faces have to be blurred out in the news, even if they're accused of committing serious crimes.
According to the law, which passed overwhelmingly Thursday, social media companies would be fined 10 percent of their global annual turnover if material deemed "abhorrent violent material" is not taken down quickly, and its executives could face as much as three years in prison.
According to the linguist Salem Chaker, in the traditional Berber linguistic usage, there did not exist in Kabyle, nor in any Berber-speaking region, a term designating all the Berbers and their language.
According to the long-term forecast, a mild winter seems to be ahead.
According to the long-term planning, that project needs to be finished in 4 months.
According to the long-term planning, that project should be finished in 4 months.
According to the makers of the Oxford English Dictionary, there are over 800,000 words in the English language.
According to the manufacturer's directions, tires should be changed every 10 years.
According to the map, Igor should have reached that village already.
According to the map, there should be a bridge about three miles upriver.
According to the media, he took his last breath in the ambulance while being taken to the hospital.
According to the model, using current interventions, the world might expect to see about 49 million new cases of HIV in the next 20 years.
According to the national health agency, Sweden has seen 4,542 deaths linked to COVID-19, far more than its neighboring Nordic countries and one of the world’s highest per capita death rates.
According to the new schedule, we'll have five English classes per week.
According to the news report, the ruling coalition has secured 72 seats as of 5 p.m.
According to the news, he was eaten by sharks.
According to the news, the Italian team has won.
According to the news, there will be a typhoon tomorrow.
According to the newspaper there was an earthquake in Mexico.
According to the newspaper, he committed suicide.
According to the newspaper, he participated in the plot.
According to the newspaper, he will be here today.
According to the newspaper, it will rain today.
According to the newspaper, it's going to rain today.
According to the newspaper, she committed suicide.
According to the newspaper, the boy was knocked unconscious and lay on his back with his eyes closed.
According to the newspaper, the cost of living in Tokyo is the highest in the world.
According to the newspaper, the man has finally confessed.
According to the newspaper, there was a big fire last night.
According to the newspaperman, it makes life worthwhile, doesn't it?
According to the newspaperman, it makes life worthwhile, doesn’t it?
According to the newspapers, he will be here today.
According to the newspapers, it'll snow tomorrow.
According to the newspapers, it's going to snow tomorrow.
According to the novel Agnes Grey by Anne Brontë, it was considered unladylike to call a horse a mare.
According to the old man I met yesterday, cockroaches can be eaten and don't taste all that bad.
According to the old man I met yesterday, cockroaches can be eaten and don’t taste all that bad.
According to the paleozoologist, there are two types of mycorrhizal symbiosis. In endomycorrhizae, the most common form, the fungi live symbiotically within the roots of a tree.
According to the paper, it will snow tomorrow.
According to the paper, there was a big fire in Boston.
According to the paper, there was an earthquake in Mexico.
According to the paper, there was an earthquake in Peru.
According to the paper, there was an earthquake last night.
According to the papers, François Bayrou is going up again in the surveys.
According to the papers, the man has finally confessed.
According to the papers, there was a big fire in the town.
According to the paper’s lead author, Kaitlyn Gaynor, of Berkeley, animals throughout the world responded strongly to all types of human disturbance, even when people weren’t posing a direct threat.
According to the police investigation, Tom was at the scene of the crime at the time of the event.
According to the police, Tom wasn't the only one who broke into Mary's house.
According to the police, no one died.
According to the police, no one was injured.
According to the police, nobody died.
According to the police, the suspect is armed and dangerous.
According to the police, there was no suicide note.
According to the popular “nebular hypothesis,” the solar system was formed as the result of the gravitational collapse of a fragment of a giant molecular cloud.
According to the president’s remark, the company will grow this year more than expected.
According to the prime minister, the festival this month is cancelled.
According to the published crime statistics, that part of town is notably safer than the surrounding neighborhoods.
According to the radio, a storm is imminent in the North Sea.
According to the radio, a storm is imminent in the North.
According to the radio, it will rain tomorrow.
According to the radio, it will snow tomorrow.
According to the radio, it'll rain tomorrow.
According to the radio, it'll snow tomorrow.
According to the recipe, we need mild mustard.
According to the report, he is alive.
According to the report, he's alive.
According to the report, the ice masses on the Himalayas have been thinning and retreating since global warming set in.
According to the report, women living with fistula are usually under 20, illiterate and poor.
According to the researchers these metabolic movements are almost imperceptible. So in order to measure and test for this activity, the researchers first put bacteria on an extremely sensitive measuring device which in turn would vibrate a tiny lever that is only just a little bit thicker than a strand of hair if it detects metabolic activity from the microbes.
According to the rules of etiquette, a man shouldn't button the bottom button of a single-breasted jacket or vest.
According to the rules of etiquette, dumplings should only be eaten with a fork.
According to the rumors, he participated in the battle.
According to the rumors, his new long-stories are based on his personal experiences.
According to the schedule, the train is arriving at 12:01.
According to the schedule, the train should arrive at 2:30.
According to the scientific definition of the word, all birds are dinosaurs.
According to the scientific report, published in the online journal Biofabrication, the printed skin has all the essential parts of the natural skin, such as the dermis (the layer of tissue that contains capillaries, nerve endings and other structures), the epidermis (the layer of cells atop the dermis), the stratum corneum (the horny outer layer), and even the collagen, which gives skin its elasticity and mechanical strength.
According to the stars, she and I aren't supposed to have much chemistry between us.
According to the stars, she and I aren’t supposed to have much chemistry between us.
According to the statistics, the population of this city will have doubled in five years.
According to the terms of the contract, your payment was due on May 31st.
According to the thermometer, it's about thirty degrees, but it's really humid so it feels much hotter than that.
According to the thermometer, it's thirty degrees outside.
According to the thermometer, it's thirty degrees.
According to the timetable we're supposed to arrive at Brindisi at 9:30.
According to the timetable, the train will arrive shortly.
According to the timetable, the train will arrive soon.
According to the timetable, the train's going to arrive soon.
According to the tradition, Homer was blind.
According to the traffic police, you were driving too fast on your motorcycle.
According to the traffic police, you were driving your motorcycle too fast.
According to the trip's itinerary, we will go to the British Museum on Monday.
According to the vice president, the company has yet to receive a contract from a foreign company.
According to the weather forecast it is going to snow tomorrow.
According to the weather forecast, a storm's coming.
According to the weather forecast, it is going to rain tomorrow.
According to the weather forecast, it will clear up tomorrow.
According to the weather forecast, it will rain tomorrow.
According to the weather forecast, it will snow tomorrow.
According to the weather forecast, it'll rain tomorrow.
According to the weather forecast, it'll snow tomorrow.
According to the weather forecast, it's going to be warm today.
According to the weather forecast, it's going to rain tomorrow.
According to the weather forecast, it's going to rain.
According to the weather forecast, it's supposed to snow tomorrow.
According to the weather forecast, the rainy season will set in before long.
According to the weather forecast, the rainy season will set in next week.
According to the weather forecast, the typhoon is approaching Okinawa.
According to the weather forecast, the typhoon is likely to approach the coast.
According to the weather forecast, there'll be more rain on the way.
According to the weather forecast, there’ll be more rain on the way.
According to the weather forecast, tomorrow will be snowy.
According to the weather report, it will snow tonight.
According to the weather report, it'll snow tonight.
According to the weather report, it's supposed to be pretty hot today.
According to the weather report, the rainy season will start next week.
According to the weather report, tomorrow will be a fine day.
According to the weather reports, it will snow tomorrow.
According to the website TravelGayAsia, the Atlantis is located in one of Jakarta's trendiest neighborhoods and features a gym, a sauna, a "steam room, whirlpool, dark area, 16 private cabins, Internet room with free WiFi and a rooftop bar."
According to the website minerals.net, most diamonds used as gemstones are colorless or have a very faint tint.
According to the witness, the vandal was around 18 years old.
According to their opinions, that boy is very good.
According to this article, many tobacco companies knew nicotine was harmful, even back in the 50s.
According to this doctor-in-training, who plans to specialize in psychiatry, medical students often report dreams in which they dissect a cadaver that suddenly comes alive and has the dreamer’s own face.
According to this ear, nose, and throat specialist, some migraines occur when the bones in the nasal cavity press on the septum, the wall that divides the nasal cavity.
According to this figure, the reflection angle equals the incidence angle.
According to this magazine, my favorite actress will marry a jazz musician next spring.
According to this magazine, the economic situation in Japan is getting worse year by year.
According to this map, there used to be a church here.
According to this report, Tom and Mary were the ones who caused the accident.
According to this report, Tom was the one who caused the accident.
According to this report, coffee is bad for you.
According to this study, people who have children live longer than those who do not.
According to today's morning paper, the condemned criminal committed suicide.
According to today's paper, there was a big earthquake in Chile yesterday.
According to today's paper, there was a fire in the city.
According to today's paper, there was a fire in this town last night.
According to today’s morning paper, the condemned criminal committed suicide.
According to today’s paper, there was a big earthquake in Chile yesterday.
According to today’s paper, there was a fire in the city.
According to today’s paper, there was a fire in this town last night.
According to tradition, Homer was blind.
According to traditional Chinese medicine, meridians are a path through which a person's life-energy, or qi, flows.
According to weather report, it'll rain tomorrow.
According to what I heard after, the teacher didn't come until the end of the class.
According to what I heard after, the teacher didn’t come until the end of the class.
According to what I heard, he went over to America to study biology.
According to what I heard, he went over to the United States to study biology.
According to what I heard, they have broken up.
According to what she said, he's culpable.
According to what she said, he’s culpable.
According to what they say, that boy is very good at singing.
According to wildfire officials, at least 152 fires were active in British Columbia, 89 of them sparked in the last two days. Most were caused by lightning strikes.
According to writer Eric Frattini, Pope Alexander III had sexual relations with believers in exchange for pardons and had 62 children.
According to you, what are the biggest elements that keep a relationship alive?
According to you, which sport is the most popular one in Japan?
According to you, who will make it to the final?
According to you, why did I leave?
According to you.
According to your culture, sexuality implies poverty. I come from a different culture, in which it is deemed bountiful luxury.
According to your remark, the state appears more or less as a synonym of a detached authority, connected with the so-called elites in politics, media, economy and science, in whom one cannot believe and which somehow stay on the way of the individual. If this kind of thought gets established, it will lead us to absolute misery.
According to your story, Tom left this bakery around 7 o'clock.
According to your wishes, we've left the wood unfinished.
According to “Hal Ka Haleel,” a compendium of his legacy and work, Hadraawi wrote the lyrics to more than 200 epic poems and the lyrics to more than 70 songs.
Accordingly I gave up my plans.
Accordingly as people become rich, they are apt to be stingy.
Accordingly they resolved to begin the war without the usual forms of proclamation, and instructed their naval commander to launch ten galleys immediately, and ravage the coasts of the enemy.
Accordingly they turned their prows homeward; but, as there was no wind, they had to use their oars, and made way but slowly.
Accordingly, as he chose to live in the same house where his father and his grandfather had dwelt before him, he peremptorily, if quietly, refused all offers looking toward the purchase of the lot of ground—though it was now worth five or six times its former value.
Accordingly, besides noun declension patterns, there also existed a greater variety of verb conjugation patterns than in Modern English.
Accordingly, he proceeded with Chloe to the spring, in the grotto of the Nymphs, and, having given her his tunic and scrip in charge, repaired to the water's edge to wash his hair and person.
Accordion music could be heard coming from the house.
Accordionist Oscar Rospide, a native of Argentina, has been entertaining crowds for nearly 70 years with Latin and European compositions.
Accordions are musical instruments.
Account for each tree and fern or find yourself beneath the forest floor in slumber. The Goddess keeps score, too.
Accountability for state-sanctioned war crimes requires international action.
Accountability for those who commit war crimes and crimes against humanity is essential.
Accountability is in the interest of the Government and the citizenry alike.
Accountability is often lacking in political discourse.
Accountants are often called bean counters.
Accountants are sometimes called "bean counters".
Accountants love spreadsheets.
Accounting knowledge is necessary for the success of any company.
Accra is the capital of Ghana.
Accrued interest will be paid into your account.
Accuracy and finish will become more important than high rates of metal removal for 95 percent of all machining operations.
Accuracy is important in arithmetic.
Accuracy is very important in calculation.
Accurate information is essential.
Accurate measurements are essential.
Accurate measurements are of the utmost importance.
Accurate records are essential.
Acer species are known for their stunning autumn colors.
Acerolas have 17 times as much vitamin C as lemons.
Acetone cannot be drunk.
Acetone is extremely flammable.
Acetophenone has an orange-blossom scent.
Aceḥḥeḍ, asqulleɛ, aḥerref, aneqluɛ n yiḍaṛṛen, are the équivalent words to translate “tripped foot”.
Ach, I was almost late to class!
Achieve easy success.
Achieve your dreams.
Achievement is founded on diligence and wasted upon recklessness.
Achieving a nice weld bead is not within everyone's reach!
Achieving a strong democracy in Algeria isn't an easy thing.
Achieving perfection is impossible.
Achieving the title of Grand Master in chess is comparable to receiving a black belt in judo.
Achille was born in 1908 in Paris.
Achille was born in Paris in 1908.
Achilles defeated Hector, but after a short time he himself was killed in battle.
Achilles had a vulnerable heel.
Achilles was an ancient Greek hero.
Achilles' weak point is his heel, which his mother forgot to bathe in the Styx river.
Achoo!
Acid acts on metals.
Acid acts on things which contain metal.
Acid attacks metal.
Acid corrodes metal.
Acid doesn't evaporate.
Acid eats into metal.
Acid fruits like pineapples and lemons are sour.
Acid rain destroyed the luster that once graced the marble statue.
Acid rain in drinking water affects human health.
Acid rain is not a natural phenomenon.
Acid rain isn't a natural phenomenon.
Acid soil is neutralised by ash.
Acidification of the ocean will, in time, threaten the very existence of the Great Barrier Reef.
Acids act on many things including metals.
Acids act on metals.
Ack!
Acknowledge each other's efforts.
Acknowledge your own faults before criticizing others.
Acknowledging a mistake before oneself and other people is the first step to making amends.
Acknowledging differences can foster empathy.
Acknowledging each other's worth is vital.
Acknowledging your own ignorance is the first step towards knowledge.
Acne appeared on Tom's nose.
Acne coupled with eczema is a nasty combination.
Acne is a very common problem, especially among teenagers.
Acne is mainly a problem for teenagers.
Acorns are excellent food to fatten pigs.
Acquaint a newcomer with the rules of the club.
Acquired by sin - there's no profit within.
Acquired by sin - there’s no profit within.
Acquisition of a foreign language requires patience.
Acrid smoke spread around the village.
Acrobatic acts, magicians, dancers, haute cuisine and world-renowned singers help draw people inside the hotel.
Acrobats are amazing.
Acrobats are doing somersaults in the arena.
Acrobats are very agile.
Acronyms should be memorable and easy to pronounce.
Across Europe big gatherings are being canceled or postponed, from trade shows to sporting events as the economic impacts are starting to bite.
Across Europe, forest fires have already caused major damage.
Across Europe, officials and farmers hope university students and furloughed workers will sign up to support their local farms.
Across Europe, shops and restaurants have either opened or are preparing to open again.
Across South America, nearly half of all 25- to 29-year-olds in 2017 had left school without earning a degree, the World Bank reported.
Across Tunisia, jobless youngsters, including many college graduates, squander their days in coffee shops or homes, in a country where unemployment tops 30% in some places.
Across a locked-down France, strawberries, lettuce and asparagus are ripening, near-ready for picking. Other plants are poking through the warming soil, thanks to rising temperatures and generous sunshine. But the tens of thousands of Polish, Romanian and Moroccan workers who normally flood in for spring harvest are nowhere in sight.
Across from the bank is an antique shop.
Across the NCAA's three divisions, 2% of student athletes identified as Asian, Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander.
Across the Northern Hemisphere, sky watchers will be treated to a stunning array of meteors streaking overhead from late Sunday into early Monday, as well as Monday night into early Tuesday.
Across the U.S., artisanal and specialty cheesemakers are facing devastating business losses.
Across the bridge, there is a little cottage.
Across the country, from small towns to large, complaints have risen about the after-dark carousing by young and drunk post-pandemic revelers. Newspapers have nicknamed the phenomena malamovida, or bad nightlife.
Across the entire universe, there are infinite numbers of these massive spinning balls of matter, each with their own quirks and wonders, but without living beings on them to make anything of it, like what we have on Earth.
Across the hopeless faces in front of me, I saw the feeling that we had already lost.
Across the lake sailed a little boat.
Across the planet, young people are leading the fight against climate change, prodding leaders and their parents to take action.
Across the street from the Saxman totem park, native carver Lee Wallace spends his days creating new totems in an old garage turned carving shed.
Across the street is a tree of different shape, though an evergreen and a conifer.
Across the street there's a white house.
Across the street, a fishmonger proudly displays what he claims is the finest turbot in Istanbul.
Across the street, a group of children played in the park.
Across the street, fishmonger Huseyin proudly displays what he claims is the finest turbot in Istanbul.
Across the waters from Darwin in Australia is Indonesia.
Across the world, neo-fascists attempt to use the legitimate cause of anti-Zionism as a shield for their antisemitism.
Across the world, people are stepping forward to help the most vulnerable, offering hope that societies can overcome the huge disruption caused by the virus.
Across the world, people are stepping forward to help the most vulnerable.
Across town, another urban syrup maker now collects sap from a network of friends and neighbors, boils it down in his evaporator and returns syrup to the sap donors.
Across vast swaths of the Middle East, basic security, basic order has broken down.
Acrylic dries quickly.
Acrylic dries to a glossy finish.
Acrylic paints are popular.
Act 3 is about to begin.
Act 3 is good.
Act 3 was all right.
Act 3 will be better.
Act 3 will begin soon.
Act according to the rules.
Act as if it never happened.
Act as if nothing happened.
Act as if nothing has happened.
Act as if nothing is happening.
Act as if you didn't see anything.
Act as if you don't know anything.
Act as if you don't know.
Act as if you're working.
Act as natural as possible.
Act as naturally as possible.
Act as normally as possible.
Act as though everything is normal.
Act as though nothing happened.
Act as though nothing is wrong.
Act as you see fit.
Act bravely wherever you go.
Act casual.
Act differently.
Act discreetly.
Act exactly as I said.
Act fast while supplies last!
Act faster!
Act how you want.
Act however you consider necessary.
Act immediately.
Act in accordance with the rules.
Act in broad daylight, it's in your interest!
Act in such a way that you treat humanity, whether in your own person or in the person of any other, never merely as a means to an end, but always at the same time as an end.
Act instead of talking.
Act intelligent.
Act like I do!
Act like a dog.
Act like a gentleman.
Act like a grown man.
Act like a grown woman.
Act like a grown-up.
Act like a lady.
Act like a leader.
Act like a man and apologize.
Act like a man!
Act like a man.
Act like a professional.
Act like a soldier.
Act like a team.
Act like a tourist.
Act like adults.
Act like an adult and apologize.
Act like an adult.
Act like everybody else.
Act like everyone else.
Act like it never happened.
Act like my girlfriend.
Act like nothing ever happened.
Act like nothing happened.
Act like nothing is going on.
Act like nothing's wrong.
Act like you always do.
Act like you are dead.
Act like you believe it.
Act like you belong here.
Act like you never did it before.
Act like you were from those we can not quickly make a maker of unsuccessful ones.
Act like you're enjoying this.
Act like you're my hostage.
Act like you're tired.
Act like you've been here before.
Act natural.
Act normal.
Act normally.
Act only according to that maxim whereby you can at the same time will that it should become a universal law.
Act surprised when Tom says yes.
Act surprised when Tom tells you.
Act surprised when you open the box.
Act the way you always do.
Act too forcefully and you'll start a war.
Act too forcefully and you’ll start a war.
Act towards others the way you would like that they act towards you.
Act without being noticed.
Act without expecting or asking for anything in return.
Act your age for once.
Act your age, Tom.
Act your age, not your shoe size.
Act your age.
Act your place.
Act. Don't talk.
Act. Don’t talk.
Actaeon, a famous hunter, having accidentally seen Artemis on Mount Cithaeron while she was bathing, was changed by her into a stag, and pursued and killed by his fifty hounds.
Actants participate in the development of the event.
Actin is a protein very important to the health of a cell.
Acting like a tough guy in front of your new girlfriend here.
Acting on advice from his astronomers, Alexander the Great decided not to attack Egypt and went to India instead.
Acting on an anonymous tip, the police located and apprehended the suspect, who was subsequently convicted of manslaughter.
Acting on your advice, I've decided to exercise more regularly.
Acting on your advice, I’ve decided to exercise more regularly.
Acting was traditionally viewed as a disreputable profession.
Actinium is a radioactive element.
Actinium is a silvery metal.
Actinium melts at 1,051°C.
Actinium vaporizes at 3,198°C.
Actinium was discovered by André-Louis Debierne in 1899.
Actinium-227 is a decay product of uranium-235.
Actinium-227 occurs in uranium ore.
Action brings life to the event.
Action is necessary.
Action is needed!
Action speaks louder than words, but not nearly as often.
Action stations!
Action!
Action, not words.
Actions are more important than words.
Actions are successfully achieved with deliberation but ruined by carelessness.
Actions are to be judged by their intentions.
Actions have consequences.
Actions lead to consequences.
Actions say more than words.
Actions should have consequences.
Actions should speak louder than words.
Actions speak louder than words.
Actions speak louder than words. Stop complaining and do it.
Actions, not words.
Activate the program now.
Active Tatoeba users are typically highly opinionated.
Active conflict in the east of Ukraine broke out again.
Active dry yeast needs to be dissolved in water first before using it in your recipe.
Active life is really boring.
Active life is very boring.
Active sonar transducers emit an acoustic signal or pulse of sound into the water. If an object is in the path of the sound pulse, the sound bounces off the object and returns an “echo” to the sonar transducer.
Active volcanoes are volcanoes that have had recent eruptions or are expected to have eruptions in the near future.
Activist groups for the environment and food safety question the product's safety.
Activists accuse Morocco of carrying out ethnic cleansing in Western Sahara.
Activists are stepping up their protest drive.
Activists argue that the video game normalizes violent behaviour.
Activists chained themselves to bulldozers in a bid to stop a mining company clearing a forest to get access to undeveloped coal deposits.
Activists lobbied for the removal of a number of dams, so that natural water flows could be restored to the affected rivers.
Activists try to prevent disease in poor countries.
Activities provided for include water sports, fishing, bird watching, cycling and walking.
Activity keeps the mind from rusting.
Actor Benicio Del Toro is reported to have a lucky ring.
Actors and politicians never pass up a photo op.
Actors and sports stars often parlay their celebrity into endorsement deals.
Actors are used to appearing in public.
Actors in ancient Rome couldn't vote and were treated as second-class citizens.
Actors were historically considered untrustworthy pretenders.
Actors, artists, musicians, and writers may use many forms including spoken and written words, actions, colors and sounds.
Actresses are crazy.
Actresses were considered similar to prostitutes.
Acts like burning the Quran only serve to widen the gap between different religious communities and hinder progress towards unity.
Acts like burning the Quran perpetuate a cycle of hatred and animosity, hindering efforts towards peace and coexistence.
Acts of burning the Quran not only disrespect the sacred text but also disrespect the beliefs and identities of millions of Muslims.
Acts of kindness can heal wounds that evil creates.
Acts of kindness can keep love alive.
Acts of violence will not be tolerated and will be responded to with appropriate disciplinary action.
Actual Satanists are really pretty chill.
Actual life imprisonment can only be imposed because of a malicious violent crime.
Actual objects can conform rigidly to the four basic form cube, cylinder, cone and sphere.
Actual pedophiles are the people who benefit most from attempts to smear queer people as "groomers."
Actually I find it quite romantic.
Actually I hate porn.
Actually I know him, I just can't remember where from.
Actually I promised someone.
Actually I wanted to be a damsel in a tower guarded by seven dragons, and then a prince on a white horse would chop off the dragons' heads and liberate me.
Actually I wanted to be a damsel in a tower guarded by seven dragons, and then a prince on a white horse would chop off the dragons’ heads and liberate me.
Actually I was going to save that.
Actually I wrote her a card.
Actually his work has reached the acme of perfection.
Actually if you eat beets your urine may turn a light pink colour.
Actually it isn't a theory of mine.
Actually it might be a good idea to start right now.
Actually it was only a rumor.
Actually it's not a theory of mine.
Actually it's your fault.
Actually it’s your fault.
Actually my name is Skura.
Actually she is a loose woman.
Actually that I bring a huge volume of reference material with me is a makeshift way of preventing people from disputing my case.
Actually that's a smart idea.
Actually that's not true.
Actually they're richer than us.
Actually this will be my fourth question.
Actually we wanted to call our children Tom and Jerry. However because our second child was a girl they are now called Tom and Mary.
Actually we wanted to go to the movies on Saturday, but we changed our mind and stayed at home.
Actually, Algeria and France are allies.
Actually, Frankenstein is the name of the doctor. The monster's name is Tom.
Actually, I am poor at talking.
Actually, I am working.
Actually, I could use some advice.
Actually, I did not witness the traffic accident.
Actually, I did want to ask you one thing.
Actually, I did write it.
Actually, I didn't know anything about those plans.
Actually, I didn't know that that was going to happen.
Actually, I didn't know that was going to happen.
Actually, I didn't know that.
Actually, I didn't want to ask you anything.
Actually, I didn't want to play that role at first.
Actually, I didn’t know anything about those plans.
Actually, I disagree with you.
Actually, I do have one small complaint.
Actually, I do not really know.
Actually, I don't enjoy cooking.
Actually, I don't even know where to start looking for a job.
Actually, I don't even know where to start searching for a job.
Actually, I don't get the point.
Actually, I don't know anything about this.
Actually, I don't know.
Actually, I don't like America.
Actually, I don't like Tom very much.
Actually, I don't like Tom.
Actually, I don't like coffee.
Actually, I don't like the way your hair is done.
Actually, I don't live far from here.
Actually, I don't think magpies are thieves.
Actually, I don’t like the way your hair is done.
Actually, I feel bad for Tom.
Actually, I feel like talking.
Actually, I hadn't considered that.
Actually, I have a favor to ask of you.
Actually, I have no intention of doing that.
Actually, I have no intention of quitting right now.
Actually, I have no intention to quit right now.
Actually, I have some free time right now.
Actually, I have some free time.
Actually, I haven't gotten any letters yet.
Actually, I haven't made a reservation.
Actually, I haven’t gotten any letters yet.
Actually, I just made that up.
Actually, I just want to talk to Tom.
Actually, I know her.
Actually, I know nothing about these plans.
Actually, I know that.
Actually, I meant something else.
Actually, I never thought about it.
Actually, I should know it. Wait a minute, let me remember. Exactly! The atomic number of radium is 88.
Actually, I should've known that.
Actually, I simply read the Russian sentence with a Hebrew mind, and it's clear.
Actually, I talked with Tom about this already.
Actually, I think it looks much better now.
Actually, I thought the same thing.
Actually, I thought you'd leave me after that.
Actually, I wanted to finish on time last night, but shortly before the end of the shift, this young woman suddenly came into the office and asked me for help, completely distraught.
Actually, I was born in Australia.
Actually, I was going to suggest something else.
Actually, I was joking.
Actually, I was wrong.
Actually, I would prefer not to talk about it.
Actually, I wrote her a card.
Actually, I'd also like to go.
Actually, I'd like to buy one.
Actually, I'd rather you didn't.
Actually, I'll stay in the city for a few more days.
Actually, I'm Algerian.
Actually, I'm a furry.
Actually, I'm currently unemployed.
Actually, I'm feeling a bit down.
Actually, I'm going to Australia to study.
Actually, I'm going to New Zealand to study.
Actually, I'm just a Berber teacher.
Actually, I'm just an extra.
Actually, I'm kind of busy.
Actually, I'm kind of happy to be leaving.
Actually, I'm not Tom.
Actually, I'm not buying it.
Actually, I'm not homeless.
Actually, I'm not quite sure.
Actually, I'm not suggesting anything.
Actually, I'm not sure whether I can come or not.
Actually, I'm not sure who Tom and Mary are.
Actually, I'm not sure who Tom is.
Actually, I'm not the one who did that.
Actually, I'm quite busy.
Actually, I'm working.
Actually, I'm younger than Tom.
Actually, I've already done that.
Actually, I've never seen one.
Actually, I've seen this movie before.
Actually, I’d also like to go.
Actually, I’ve seen this movie before.
Actually, Maria is a modern young woman, however, she is as superstitious as my grandmother.
Actually, Mark was going to go sailing at the weekend, but since there was a problem with the boat's rigging, the plan fell through.
Actually, Mary is my older sister.
Actually, Mary is my younger sister.
Actually, Mary is now my ex-girlfriend.
Actually, Tom and I have already done that.
Actually, Tom and Mary are doing very well.
Actually, Tom and Mary aren't our real names.
Actually, Tom and Mary do that very well.
Actually, Tom and Mary have already done that.
Actually, Tom can't do that very well.
Actually, Tom does that very well.
Actually, Tom doesn't have insurance.
Actually, Tom is a billionaire, not a millionaire.
Actually, Tom is doing very well.
Actually, Tom is his real name.
Actually, Tom is my boss.
Actually, Tom is my older brother.
Actually, Tom is my younger brother.
Actually, Tom isn't married.
Actually, Tom isn't my real name.
Actually, Tom told me everything.
Actually, Tom was quite charming.
Actually, Tom was the one I asked to do that.
Actually, Tom was very kind.
Actually, Tom's going to France.
Actually, Tom, I'm a little busy.
Actually, Yanni hit Skura.
Actually, Ziri has no idea.
Actually, Ziri is a psychiatrist.
Actually, Ziri is right.
Actually, and I need to keep this quiet, but recently here there's a rumour that young women on this beach are having photos taken in secret of them.
Actually, and I need to keep this quiet, but recently here there’s a rumour that young women on this beach are having photos taken in secret of them.
Actually, everything's a lot more complicated.
Actually, he is not the driver.
Actually, he shouldn't have been so snappy with the young man; he hated to admit he was growing cranky with age.
Actually, he thanked some of his popularity to his mother.
Actually, he was not the manager.
Actually, he went to America.
Actually, he went to the United States.
Actually, he's right.
Actually, however, this was not true.
Actually, it is very easy to write in the Kabyle language. Only those who don't want to learn find excuses.
Actually, it makes perfect sense.
Actually, it must end.
Actually, it was a blessing in disguise.
Actually, it was a joke.
Actually, it was just a rumor.
Actually, it was just a rumour.
Actually, it was my mistake.
Actually, it was only a rumor.
Actually, it was pretty boring.
Actually, it was quite simple.
Actually, it was very interesting.
Actually, it wasn't totally quiet.
Actually, it would be good to start straight away.
Actually, it would be much more sensible to do it later.
Actually, it's a comedy.
Actually, it's a fly agaric.
Actually, it's exactly the opposite.
Actually, it's hard to explain.
Actually, it's just a rumor.
Actually, it's my job.
Actually, it's my turn now.
Actually, it's not a bad idea.
Actually, it's not an island.
Actually, it's not in our interest either.
Actually, it's very easy to learn.
Actually, maybe I can help you.
Actually, my brother is my half-brother.
Actually, no one can silence us.
Actually, she is a millionaire.
Actually, she's my older sister.
Actually, she's very transparent when it comes to emotions.
Actually, that boy that you saw was a girl.
Actually, that isn't quite right.
Actually, that isn't true.
Actually, that's not quite correct.
Actually, that's not true.
Actually, that's not what I had in mind.
Actually, that's probably not true.
Actually, that's probably true.
Actually, that's what I thought, too.
Actually, that's what I thought.
Actually, that's what he was wishing for.
Actually, that's why I'm here.
Actually, that's why Tom and I are here.
Actually, that’s what I thought.
Actually, the earth is getting warmer.
Actually, the gun isn't loaded.
Actually, the present method has plenty of room for improvement.
Actually, the problem isn't new.
Actually, the shrew is not a mouse.
Actually, the soup was too salty.
Actually, there are many cases where 'have [object] done' is not causative.
Actually, there are many cases where ’have [object] done’ is not causative.
Actually, they want to pay us.
Actually, they were here all winter.
Actually, this is better.
Actually, this is the afterlife.
Actually, this method has plenty of room for improvement.
Actually, tomorrow's a little busy.
Actually, we could use your help.
Actually, we don't have a choice.
Actually, we had prepared ourselves for defeat.
Actually, we have sort of a problem.
Actually, we moved to Algiers.
Actually, we waste water.
Actually, we'll only stay for five minutes or so.
Actually, we're a little early.
Actually, we're not brothers.
Actually, we've already met.
Actually, what is a language?
Actually, yes.
Actually, you did a very good thing.
Actually, you didn't make one, but two mistakes.
Actually, you should thank Tom, not me.
Actually, you were right.
Actually, you're mistaken.
Actually, you're not wrong.
Actually, you're right in what you say; still, I'll carry on as I have been until now.
Actually, you're right.
Actually, you're wrong.
Actually, your timing is perfect.
Actually.
Acupressure is like acupuncture, but without needles.
Acupuncture can help relieve back pain.
Acupuncture can help relieve migraines.
Acupuncture can relieve pain.
Acupuncture is a form of alternative medicine that's popular in East Asia.
Acupuncture is often used to treat pain.
Ad-hoc councils of town elders slowly evolved into militias.
Ada Lovelace was the first computer programmer.
Adagio in G minor by Tomaso Albinoni is one of the most appreciated pieces of classical music.
Adalrich Augustus said, "The lower chamber is not a circus." And on that he was right, since in a circus, there aren't as many clowns.
Adam Mickiewicz’s narrative “Pan Tadeusz”, which paints the nature, customs, and manners of the Belarusian landowners of Napoleon’s time, is, as of 1859, already being translated into Russian.
Adam Smith believed the purpose of production was consumption. Karl Marx believed production was aimed at enriching the capitalist class at the expense of the worker. Modern capitalists agree with Marx.
Adam also knew his wife again: and she brought forth a son, and called his name Seth, saying: God hath given me another seed for Abel, whom Cain slew.
Adam and Eve are mentioned in the Quran.
Adam bleached his hair last night.
Adam followed the road of perdition.
Adam grew up Jewish.
Adam grew up in a Jewish home.
Adam had been asexual until he ate an apple.
Adam has an apple and an Adam's apple.
Adam has to worry about himself.
Adam is Druze.
Adam is a prophet of God.
Adam is a weakling. He couldn't even lift my dog!
Adam is an old fart.
Adam is drinking some juice.
Adam is reading a book.
Adam is their brother.
Adam looked after his sisters for the afternoon.
Adam married his second cousin.
Adam met Eve, his wife.
Adam reads a book.
Adam sings a song.
Adam spent 3 years in jail for drug possession.
Adam was androgynous before Eve was created.
Adam was created from clay.
Adam was created genderless.
Adam was furious with me when I broke his watch.
Adam was the first lucky beggar because he didn't have a mother-in law.
Adam's sons are limbs of one body, yea, for they're created from the same clay.
Adam's wife is from France.
Adam, are you happy?
Adam, peace be upon him, was created from clay.
Adams did not expect the job to be easy.
Adams spent most of the war years in Europe.
Adams was an intelligent man.
Adams won the presidency in 1796.
Adamstown is the capital of the Pitcairn Islands.
Adana is famous for its kebab and Hatay for its kanafeh.
Adana is famous for its kebab and Hatay for its knafeh.
Adapt or be left behind.
Adapt or die.
Adapt or fade away into mediocrity.
Adapt to Tom.
Adaptation ensures species survival.
Adaptation is the key to survival.
Adaptation is the secret of survival.
Adaptation is the strength of the weak.
Adaptation leads to growth.
Adapting to Algeria was a little difficult at first.
Adapting to another's habits can be problematic.
Adaptogens are used in herbal medicine for the purported stabilization of physiological processes and promotion of homeostasis.
Add "Men" and the goods take off.
Add 100 grams of sugar to the mix.
Add 100 grams of sugar to the mixture.
Add 3 spoonfuls of white wine.
Add 3 tablespoonfuls of flour and half a teaspoonful of salt.
Add 5 and 2, and you get 7.
Add 5 to 3 and you have 8.
Add 80 grams of sugar and a bit of Grand Marnier.
Add A Sparkle Trail To A Photo
Add Tom to the list.
Add a bit of seasoning.
Add a bit of sugar, please.
Add a desktop shortcut.
Add a dozen eggs to the list.
Add a few more names to the list.
Add a few ornaments, lights and a pile of intricately wrapped gifts under the tree and it means that Christmas has arrived!
Add a few sentences in Kabyle.
Add a few words before I seal the letter.
Add a little bit of pepper.
Add a little bit of salt.
Add a little bit of water.
Add a little cream.
Add a little milk.
Add a little more firewood.
Add a little more milk to my tea, please.
Add a little more pepper.
Add a little more salt to the stew.
Add a little nutmeg.
Add a little oil.
Add a little olive oil to the salad, and it'll be perfect.
Add a little salt and pepper.
Add a little salt.
Add a little sugar and cream.
Add a little sugar.
Add a period, please.
Add a pinch of oregano.
Add a pinch of salt.
Add a pint of boiling water.
Add a sentence.
Add a shortcut to the desktop.
Add a shot of rum.
Add a small amount of cream to the mixture.
Add a sparkle trail to a photo.
Add a spoonful of sugar.
Add a tablespoon of olive oil.
Add a tiny pinch of salt.
Add an explanation.
Add an olive.
Add and delete buttons from the OE toolbar.
Add another log to the fire.
Add another user.
Add backup phone.
Add dates to your diet.
Add details.
Add eggs and mix until just blended.
Add fiber to your diet.
Add flour, baking powder, and milk.
Add her to the list.
Add her.
Add him as a friend.
Add him.
Add it to my bill.
Add it to the list.
Add it to the room expense.
Add it to your bookmarks.
Add it.
Add life to your days and not days to your life.
Add lots of examples.
Add lots of ice.
Add me on Facebook and send me a private message.
Add me on Facebook if you want. My name there is Ryck Vernaut.
Add me to the list.
Add meat.
Add milk.
Add more cold water a teaspoon at a time if the mixture is too dry.
Add more pepper.
Add more salt to the soup.
Add more sentences, these are not enough.
Add more water to it.
Add more water.
Add my name to the list.
Add new sentences!
Add new sentences.
Add no more.
Add olive oil.
Add one hundred grams of flour.
Add one teaspoon of paprika.
Add pepper to it.
Add pepper!
Add phone number.
Add plain yogurt and soy milk.
Add rice and mix well.
Add rice wine before cooking to remove the unpleasant odour.
Add salt and baking soda to the water.
Add salt and pepper and a pinch of nutmeg.
Add salt and pepper to taste.
Add salt and pepper.
Add salt before you fry the egg.
Add salt if you want.
Add salt to taste.
Add salt!
Add salt, pepper and a pinch of nutmeg.
Add seasoning, seasoned oil, and chili, to the boiling water.
Add sentences you don't know how to translate.
Add sentences!
Add sentences.
Add six and four and you have ten.
Add sixty grams of grated cheese.
Add some cilantro.
Add some coriander.
Add some ground pepper to it.
Add some ground pepper.
Add some more milk.
Add some more water.
Add some oil.
Add some olive oil.
Add some pepper to it.
Add some pepper.
Add some salt!
Add some salt.
Add some sentences.
Add some sugar.
Add sugar to the tea.
Add that to my bill.
Add that to our list.
Add the Brussels sprouts and the beans and let it cook for a further 10 minutes.
Add the Diced Tomatoes to the beef broth, and let it simmer.
Add the chives and season the salad.
Add the chopped fruit the next day and let it set for 24 hours.
Add the contents of the vial to 200 milliliters of water.
Add the dry ingredients and stir until the mixture becomes a dough.
Add the flour and baking powder, then the butter and leftover milk; let stand for 15 min.
Add the flour, salt, baking powder and mashed bananas, and work into a dough.
Add the garlic and cook an additional three minutes.
Add the garlic and cook for three more minutes.
Add the garlic and cook three minutes longer.
Add the grated carrots and diced cheese.
Add the grated carrots to the stuffing.
Add the honey, lemon juice, chopped almonds and the chopped apples.
Add the honey, lemon juice, roasted almonds and grated apple.
Add the juice of half a lime and a teaspoonful of demerara sugar.
Add the mayonnaise.
Add the natural yoghurt and soya milk.
Add the onion.
Add the oregano and knead the dough thoroughly on the work surface.
Add the pasta to the boiling water.
Add the picture.
Add the powder, stir it, and Bob's your uncle.
Add the remaining ingredients and mix them together.
Add the remaining ingredients.
Add the rest of the ingredients.
Add the rice and cook gently until the grains begin to turn translucent.
Add the rice to the boiling water and let it cook until it has absorbed the water.
Add the shredded carrot to the stuffing.
Add the sugar and cinnamon to the cooked apples.
Add the sugar and eggs, and beat well.
Add the sugar and vanilla to the cream and beat vigorously until the cream thickens.
Add the tofu and fry until browned.
Add the tomato paste and a bay leaf.
Add the totals up real quick.
Add the vanilla extract.
Add the water to the mixture and, using a cold knife, stir until the dough binds together.
Add the yolks of two eggs, slightly beaten, and one tablespoon of thick cream.
Add these figures up.
Add this to my bill.
Add this to your stack.
Add three tablespoons of salt.
Add three to that number.
Add two cloves of garlic.
Add two or three tablespoons of sugar and pour boiling water.
Add two ounces of grated cheese.
Add two sentences.
Add two to three, and you get five.
Add up these figures.
Add up this column of figures.
Add up this list of figures.
Add up your outgoings, putting on a bit more for contingencies.
Add water and mix to a firm dough.
Add water and stir to a paste.
Add water and stir.
Add water to the soup.
Add whatever you like.
Add your favourite mp3 songs to your playing queue and keep listening to music without distraction.
Add your name to the list.
Add your own translation.
Add!
Added.
Addiction and good judgment don't go together.
Addiction is a disease.
Addiction is a tendency that harms a person's mental balance.
Addiction is not a personal failing but an aspect of an exploitative system.
Addiction is one of the problems of the youth of our day.
Addiction to pornography can negatively impact personal relationships, leading to feelings of betrayal, mistrust, and emotional distance.
Adding a little pepper might help.
Adding a smack of honey to sour dough bread makes grilled cheese so much better.
Adding chicken stock is one way to add flavor to your vegetable dishes.
Adding comments makes it easier to read the code.
Adding comments makes reading the code easier.
Adding comments makes the code easier to read.
Adding manpower to a late software project makes it later.
Adding more parameters to a neural network is often necessary to increase performance, but without a corresponding increase in dataset size, it can easily lead to overfitting.
Adding new sentences is more difficult than translating them.
Adding salt greatly improves the flavor.
Adding salt greatly improves the flavour.
Adding salt will improve the flavor.
Adding sentences is my job.
Adding sentences to Tatoeba can be a chore.
Adding sentences to a master database for the purpose of bringing people together through language is both brilliant and ambitious.
Adding up numbers is very uplifting.
Adding zest from lemons or oranges to cakes can give them a great flavour.
Addis Ababa is the capital of Ethiopia.
Addison made a colorful bracelet.
Addition and subtraction are functions of mathematics.
Additional aspects should be evaluated.
Additional charges may incur.
Additional charges may incurred.
Additional details weren't immediately available.
Additional details weren't made available.
Additional factors require attention.
Additional fees may apply.
Additional help is needed.
Additional ice joins the main glacier from the south, avalanching down from the Jeannette Heights area.
Additional imports of American beef are planned to meet rising demand.
Additional research on breastfeeding worldwide found that women do not have the support they need to nurse their babies. It found limited or nonexistent maternity leave, gaps in knowledge among health care providers and lack of strong support systems among family and community.
Additional troops were needed.
Additionally Tom and Mary both have ample personality.
Additionally to Internet censorship, the Belarusian government systematically conducts Distributed Denial of Service attacks against a number of pro-democratic news sites on the dates of anti-government protests and elections.
Additionally, Walid and Karima have ample personalities.
Additionally, a great number of ivory objects and seashells were unearthed from the same site.
Additionally, if there is anything else I can do, I am more than happy to.
Additionally, she said financial systems must be reformed so they can bankroll the required transformations.
Additionally, the tale starting with "Genji's Story" was also much loved.
Additionally, the tale starting with "Genji’s Story" was also much loved.
Additionally, there are hungry sharks in the lake.
Additionally, three civilians were killed.
Additions and deletions are not shown immediately.
Additive synthesis involves manually controlling harmonics, and uses only sine waves.
Additives can prevent salt from caking.
Address issues rather than personalities.
Address the matters, and not the people involved.
Addressing one's boss as "omae" is unheard of.
Addressing the delegates, the president made an impassioned appeal for concrete action to achieve the goals of sustainable development and the eradication of poverty.
Addressing those gathered at the Vatican on this rainy, wintry day and the millions watching him live on television, Francis said the need for patient dialogue at this time of pandemic is even more necessary in the world.
Addy told VOA that the government knows Ebola could recur and is putting in place a management system to deal with another emergency, should it arise.
Adela is shy.
Adele watched her friend with dismay. Large tears flooded her face, she could not suppress this scream of anguish and pity: "Oh! Mary! poor Mary!".
Adenike is an official Nigerian youth delegate at the COP26 summit and has addressed senior delegates on the need to act fast.
Adherents of the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster are known as Pastafari.
Adherents of various religions live in Belarus.
Adhering the edges of the doormat to the concrete, while not explicitly required, may be one way to prevent a trip hazard and ensure that the entry is clean and orderly.
Adidas and Puma are Bavarian shoe companies started by two rival brothers: Adolf and Rudolf.
Adidas is preparing kangaroo leather shoes.
Adidi is a naive girl.
Adieu!
Adil is very good at studying, but when it comes to athletics, he's a bit lousy.
Adil likes anthropology.
Adil the Kazakh believes that Neanderthals had red hair.
Adjacent to the main campus is an outdoor education area, a natural reserve.
Adjectives end in the vowel "a".
Adjectives in English are often used as adverbs with no change in form.
Adjust the brakes.
Adjust the focus of the microscope.
Adjust the microscope's focus.
Adjust the microscope’s focus.
Adjust the setting of the alarm clock.
Adjust the time on the clock.
Adjust your grip.
Adjust your sights.
Adjust your tie.
Adjust your visors.
Adjusting your beliefs doesn't diminish you.
Administrator and moderators are working for the best language tool, Tatoeba Project.
Administrators need to build close contact with employees.
Administrators need to establish a close liaison with employees.
Administrators need to establish close contact with employees.
Admins can change a member's status and more.
Admirable! Don't preach although you know a lot better.
Admiral, an unidentified vessel is approaching our position.
Admiration is our polite recognition of another's resemblance to ourselves.
Admire a woman for her intelligence and personality... beauty is not enough!
Admire how splendid it is!
Admire women for their intelligence and personality... beauty is not enough!
Admission by invitation only.
Admission by silence.
Admission charges aggregated $2500.
Admission into society means accepting its rules.
Admission is $3.00 at the door.
Admission is $30 at the gate.
Admission is a fiver on the door or three quid in advance. Tickets are available from local record shops and our mums.
Admission is by invitation only.
Admission is free after 2:30 p.m.
Admission is free after 2:30.
Admission is free during Christmas break.
Admission is free for children.
Admission is free for preschool children.
Admission is free for residents.
Admission is free on Sundays.
Admission is free, but donations are welcome.
Admission is free.
Admission is half price after 2:30.
Admission is only a buck.
Admission is only one dollar.
Admission is thirty dollars, and parking is free.
Admission is £5 on the door or £3 in advance.
Admission tickets to the festival were sold out in two hours.
Admission to students only.
Admission to the club is eagerly sought.
Admission to the concert costs more than a cinema ticket.
Admission to the event is free.
Admission to the library is free.
Admission to the museum is thirty dollars.
Admission to the show is $5.
Admission to the show is by ticket only.
Admission to the show is five dollars.
Admission was free.
Admission will be allotted in order of application.
Admission will be by invitation only.
Admission will be free.
Admit defeat, Tom.
Admit it, Mary, we aren't those little kids full of energy and hope anymore.
Admit it, Tom, you're still in love with me.
Admit it, Tom.
Admit it, accept it, endure it, overcome it, forget it, remember it and laugh.
Admit it, we're lost.
Admit it.
Admit it. You're a couch potato.
Admit it: you forgot!
Admit it: you've forgotten!
Admit that you cry sometimes. It's only human.
Admit that you just threw away a lot of money.
Admit that you like me.
Admit that you made a mistake.
Admit that you're vulnerable.
Admit your mistakes.
Admittance to staff members only.
Admittedly your plan makes sense, but I still think it will be very hard to carry out.
Admittedly, I was so startled.
Admittedly, it wasn't the best meal I've ever eaten.
Admittedly, models of hegemonic order cannot provide an explanation for all observed successful bargaining strategies.
Admittedly, the atmosphere in the office was a little bit tense.
Admittedly, they found the idea of a police state blasé.
Admittedly, this is an unrewarding task, but somebody has got to deal with it.
Admittedly, your plan makes sense, but I still think it'll be very hard to carry out.
Admitting his lack of experience, I still think that he ought to do better.
Admitting that he is honest, I doubt his ability.
Admitting that there is a problem is the first step to fixing the problem.
Admitting that there is a problem is the first step to solving the problem.
Admitting there is a problem is the first step to fixing the problem.
Admitting there is a problem is the first step to solving the problem.
Admitting we lost is a difficult matter.
Admitting what he says, I still cannot agree with him.
Admitting what he says, I still think that he is in the wrong.
Admitting what you say, I cannot agree with you.
Admitting what you say, I still think I am right.
Admitting what you say, I still think he is wrong.
Admitting what you say, I still think he's in the right.
Admitting what you say, I still think he’s in the right.
Admitting what you say, I still think that you were wrong.
Admitting what you say, I still think you are in the wrong.
Admitting what you say, I still think you are mistaken.
Admitting what you say, I still think you are wrong.
Admitting you have a problem is the first step.
Adobe and Apple both have top-notch video editing programs.
Adolescence can lead to exploration of identity.
Adolescence comes with many physical changes.
Adolescence is a complicated phase.
Adolescence is a period of transition between childhood and adulthood.
Adolescence is often a period of insecurity.
Adolescence is the stage between puberty and adultery.
Adolescence is viewed as time of transition.
Adolescents exposed to pornography may feel pressure to conform to unrealistic and unhealthy sexual behaviors, putting them at risk of exploitation or harm.
Adolescents masturbate several times a day.
Adolescents often quarrel with their parents.
Adolescents want to be given orders so that they can disobey them.
Adolf Eichmann hated rules and was contemptuous of bureaucracy.
Adolf Hitler considered Magnus Hirschfeld, an early researcher into gender reassignment, to be "the world's most dangerous Jew."
Adolf Hitler was a human being.
Adolf and Eve study at Cambridge.
Adolf is having lunch.
Adolf returned from the US by train.
Adolf returned from the United States by train.
Adolf, could you find me the website?
Adolf, could you find the website for me?
Adolfo is from Bolivia. He is Bolivian.
Adolfo likes his new school, but really remembers his friends at his old school.
Adolph and Eve study at Cambridge.
Adopt his concepts.
Adopt my non-native sentences to improve them.
Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience.
Adopting a Mediterranean diet can reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease.
Adopting a child is a tough decision with plenty of bureaucracy to wade through.
Adopting a low calorie diet will increase your lifespan.
Adopting a sentence on Tatoeba is a lot less of a commitment than adopting a child.
Adopting an animal — or taking an animal into your home as a foster — can provide some relief just in the form of having something positive to focus on.
Adopting the new policy was the best thing this company ever did.
Adoption by homophobes is child abuse.
Adoption for gay and lesbian parents remains a hotly contested issue in the United States.
Adoptions have gone up 600% since the epidemic of vagina dentata began.
Adorn thyself with simplicity.
Adrar in Berber means mountain.
Adrar is a Berber term which means "mountain."
Adrar is an area of Algeria where the winds give a high energy yield.
Adrastea is one of the 39 satellites of Jupiter and is the second closest to Jupiter itself.
Adrenaline is pumping through my veins.
Adrenaline junkies love taking extreme risks.
Adrenochrome doesn't reverse the aging process.
Adrenochrome is a pigment.
Adrenochrome is not psychoactive and is easily synthesized.
Adrenochrome is not psychoactive.
Adrian is a Romanian citizen.
Adrian was also born in Spain.
Adriana is from Costa Rica. She is Costa Rican.
Adriano added another friend to the party.
Adriano adjusted his sails to catch the wind.
Adriano admired the wind-swept landscape.
Adriano advised Rima to talk to her uncle.
Adriano almost caught up to Melissa.
Adriano also wondered what happened.
Adriano always liked going on rides.
Adriano and Melissa were arguing about where to eat.
Adriano and Rima are both single.
Adriano and Rima are happily married.
Adriano and Rima began slow-dancing together.
Adriano and Rima spent a happy day together.
Adriano and Rima spent their merry days happily.
Adriano and his friends had a picnic on the street.
Adriano and his friends played soccer on the street.
Adriano answered every question Melissa had about Islam.
Adriano apologized for startling Melissa.
Adriano apologized for what he did.
Adriano appeared in the side mirror.
Adriano appeared to save Rima.
Adriano appreciates a good bottle of wine.
Adriano appreciates the art of winemaking.
Adriano arrived at Rima’s door, wanting to talk, but she dismissed him.
Adriano arrived on the day of the coronation ceremony.
Adriano asked Melissa if she was at work.
Adriano asked Melissa to watch a video on Islam.
Adriano asked Rima if she could hear him.
Adriano asked Rima several questions.
Adriano asked Rima to leave.
Adriano asked Rima to marry him just as the clock struck midnight.
Adriano asked questions about Rima.
Adriano attempted to inject Rima with poison.
Adriano attempted to kill himself.
Adriano attended the drag show with his kids.
Adriano became a lawyer.
Adriano became king.
Adriano began a heart-to-heart with the prosecutor.
Adriano begged for a meal.
Adriano believed all the bad things he read about Islam.
Adriano bought a bottle of red wine for the party.
Adriano bought a case of his favorite wine.
Adriano bought a souvenir at the zoo gift shop.
Adriano breathed in the fresh wind.
Adriano briefly appeared.
Adriano brought Rima to Walid.
Adriano called Melissa's name and it echoed through the room.
Adriano called Rima a snob.
Adriano called out Melissa's name. Nothing.
Adriano called the police after hearing that.
Adriano came and grabbed whatever was on sale.
Adriano came back to Islam.
Adriano cancelled his travel plans to Algeria.
Adriano cannot disobey an order.
Adriano can’t give up now.
Adriano can’t have Rima as a daughter.
Adriano cared for the sick rabbit.
Adriano caresses Rima’s lips.
Adriano celebrated his birthday with a special wine.
Adriano chased the children away.
Adriano checked the aisle but couldn't find chips.
Adriano chose the games he liked to play.
Adriano closed his eyes and let the wind wash over him.
Adriano collects rare and expensive wines.
Adriano commanded Rima to freeze.
Adriano confronted Rima about Walid.
Adriano considered quitting, but he needed the job and the money.
Adriano continued to live life in a carefree manner.
Adriano continued to mistreat Rima.
Adriano convinced Rima to spend some time away from the clinic.
Adriano could be a manager.
Adriano could finally relax in the last half hour.
Adriano cried in devastation.
Adriano crossed the street at the crosswalk.
Adriano cut the light in the store.
Adriano decided to divorce Melissa after she took the kids to a drag show.
Adriano decided to free the giant.
Adriano depressingly sat in his throne.
Adriano described that man.
Adriano describes himself as trans.
Adriano did a quick look around.
Adriano did that before running away.
Adriano did the laundry and cooked.
Adriano didn't get a good look at Melissa's face.
Adriano didn't get paid much.
Adriano didn't get the hint.
Adriano didn't have any interest in going on the rides.
Adriano didn't like Islam.
Adriano didn't like what he knew about Islam.
Adriano didn't notice Melissa anywhere and was happy about that.
Adriano didn't quit after that.
Adriano didn't see Melissa again for the rest of the day.
Adriano didn't turn the truck on. He just sat in it.
Adriano didn’t bother to cover himself.
Adriano didn’t tell anyone about his curse.
Adriano disappeared behind the cars.
Adriano discovered Rima’s true identity.
Adriano discovered that the crown was poisoned.
Adriano dismantled all his misconceptions about Islam and learn everything afresh about this religion.
Adriano dismantled everything that he knew about Islam.
Adriano dismissed Rima.
Adriano does everything he is told.
Adriano does everything he's told.
Adriano doesn’t want a child.
Adriano doesn’t want to see Rima again.
Adriano drank the blood.
Adriano dreamed of becoming a star.
Adriano dreamed of flying on the wind.
Adriano dressed Rima up for the ball.
Adriano drove home, trying to lose the cops.
Adriano drove to the clinic.
Adriano electrocuted Rima in the bathtub.
Adriano electrocuted the toad.
Adriano ended up killing Rima.
Adriano enjoyed a glass of wine with his meal.
Adriano enjoyed explaining Islam to his students.
Adriano enjoyed life as a child.
Adriano enjoyed the feeling of the wind in his hair.
Adriano enjoys a glass of wine by the fire.
Adriano enjoys a glass of wine with a good book.
Adriano enjoys a glass of wine with dinner.
Adriano enjoys discussing wine with his sommelier.
Adriano enjoys learning about the culture behind wine.
Adriano enjoys pairing wine with food.
Adriano enjoys sharing his favorite wines with friends.
Adriano enjoys sipping wine on his patio.
Adriano enjoys trying new wines from different regions.
Adriano enjoys wine with cheese and crackers.
Adriano entered Rima’s room with large scissors.
Adriano entered the amusement park.
Adriano escaped the freezer.
Adriano exited the park.
Adriano explained his distaste for Rima.
Adriano explained that his project was going to be expensive.
Adriano failed to get any answers from Rima.
Adriano failed to turn the power grid off.
Adriano fed the giraffes at the zoo.
Adriano fell but survived.
Adriano fell off the cliff.
Adriano felt Melissa's gaze.
Adriano felt Rima’s hand on his skin.
Adriano felt dumb for not calling the police.
Adriano felt like a star when he won the competition.
Adriano felt sick seeing that.
Adriano felt the wind blow through him.
Adriano felt the wind carry his worries away.
Adriano felt the wind change direction.
Adriano felt the wind lift his spirits.
Adriano felt the wind on his face.
Adriano felt the wind pick up as the storm approached.
Adriano felt the wind pick up speed.
Adriano felt the wind push him forward.
Adriano felt the wind shift and change direction.
Adriano felt the wind shift.
Adriano felt the wind stir his soul.
Adriano felt the wind swirl around him.
Adriano felt the wind tickle his skin.
Adriano felt the wind's coolness on his face.
Adriano felt the wind's embrace.
Adriano felt the wind's energy surge through him.
Adriano felt the wind's power as it buffeted him.
Adriano finds Islam a very logical religion.
Adriano focused on his cooking.
Adriano followed Melissa home from Target.
Adriano followed Rima outside.
Adriano followed a group of fishermen to the lake.
Adriano forced Rima to dance.
Adriano forced Rima to do the same.
Adriano forced Rima to listen.
Adriano forced Rima to sing in front of the crowd.
Adriano forced Rima to steal from the store.
Adriano forced himself into Rima’s life.
Adriano fornicated with Rima.
Adriano fought back.
Adriano found Rima in the freezer.
Adriano found Rima struggling to breathe.
Adriano found a lost wallet on the street.
Adriano found a security guard near the entrance.
Adriano found comfort in Islam.
Adriano found the dead nurse.
Adriano freed the elf.
Adriano gathered the giants and elves to help him find Rima.
Adriano gave Rima an adrenalin shot.
Adriano gave Rima her gift back.
Adriano gave Rima the choice to either stay or leave.
Adriano gazed at the windmills in awe.
Adriano gazed up at the starry sky.
Adriano got distracted.
Adriano got electrocuted.
Adriano got to his car.
Adriano grabbed a baseball bat from under the bed.
Adriano grabbed his phone to call the park security.
Adriano grabbed whatever was on his shopping list.
Adriano greatly dislikes the current king.
Adriano greeted the officer and asked him to follow him inside the warehouse.
Adriano grilled a juicy steak for dinner.
Adriano had a great time at the zoo.
Adriano had a near-death experience.
Adriano had five keys on his keyring.
Adriano had his headlights off.
Adriano had his own bedroom.
Adriano had jeans on.
Adriano had no other leads.
Adriano had strong beliefs against Islam.
Adriano had the keys to the store.
Adriano happily came with Rima.
Adriano has a knack for selecting great wines.
Adriano has a much kinder personality.
Adriano has been fond of Rima.
Adriano has been traveling with Rima.
Adriano has never been there before.
Adriano has no choice but to let his opponent hit him without fighting back.
Adriano has the ability to fly.
Adriano has to go shopping with his five-year-old daughter.
Adriano has very rarely seen anybody use that gate.
Adriano hasn't seen Melissa for several hours.
Adriano hasn't seen Melissa yet.
Adriano hated Islam.
Adriano healed Rima’s wound instantly.
Adriano heard Rima scream.
Adriano heard a loud noise from the street.
Adriano heard a loud sound echo from across the shopping floor.
Adriano heard some shuffling in the side yard.
Adriano heard the door to the warehouse opening.
Adriano heard the doors open and close again.
Adriano heard the doors open.
Adriano heard the whole conversation.
Adriano heard the window slide open.
Adriano helped Rima patch up her injuries.
Adriano hid away.
Adriano hurried out of the store.
Adriano hurried over to the store with his coupons.
Adriano ignored the baby’s cries.
Adriano injured Rima with glass shards.
Adriano inspected Rima’s body intimately.
Adriano insulted Rima and her friends.
Adriano intended on killing Rima.
Adriano intended to marry Rima.
Adriano interrupted Rima and Walid’s conversation.
Adriano invited Rima to come over.
Adriano invited Rima to hang out with him.
Adriano is a strange individual.
Adriano is dangerously influential.
Adriano is handsome.
Adriano is having a hard time doing his job.
Adriano is not scared off by Islam.
Adriano is now in the backyard.
Adriano is obedient.
Adriano is on his way to the mall.
Adriano is simple-minded and uneducated.
Adriano is the president of Algeria.
Adriano is unable to say no to an order from Rima.
Adriano is very different from Rima.
Adriano jogs down the street.
Adriano joined Rima to save Walid.
Adriano jolted awake.
Adriano just let Rima do her job.
Adriano just lets it happen.
Adriano kept an eye on Melissa's truck.
Adriano kept his scheme a secret.
Adriano kept seeing that man circling the aisles.
Adriano kept talking to Melissa.
Adriano kept walking over towards the security guard.
Adriano killed a cow.
Adriano knows how to cook a perfect steak.
Adriano learned about animal conservation at the zoo.
Adriano learned about wine during a trip to Italy.
Adriano learned about wine from his grandfather.
Adriano learned various things.
Adriano learnt about Rima through Walid.
Adriano learnt how to tend to the baby by himself.
Adriano learnt interesting things from Rima.
Adriano learnt to accept Islam in his life.
Adriano learnt various things.
Adriano led Rima to a laboratory.
Adriano left Rima a voice mail.
Adriano left Rima with her stepsisters.
Adriano left before he could be found.
Adriano left for the lighthouse.
Adriano left his belongings in the warehouse.
Adriano left the gift shop.
Adriano left through the emergency exit.
Adriano let Rima’s son die.
Adriano liked every game he played.
Adriano liked the kangaroo exhibit at the zoo.
Adriano listened to the wind whisper through the trees.
Adriano lived a life of grief and pain.
Adriano lived a life of secrecy.
Adriano lives a comfortable life.
Adriano lives in a magical kingdom.
Adriano lives on Didouche Street.
Adriano locked Rima in the laboratory.
Adriano looked again and saw Melissa still looking right at him.
Adriano looked at Rima one more time before leaving.
Adriano looked down in Melissa's direction.
Adriano looked in his rear-view mirror.
Adriano looked up at the shooting stars.
Adriano looked up at the stars and made a wish.
Adriano lost in the end.
Adriano loved the feel of the wind in his hair.
Adriano loves attending wine tastings.
Adriano loves discovering new wine bars.
Adriano loves discovering new wine regions.
Adriano loves discussing wine with other enthusiasts.
Adriano loves visiting vineyards.
Adriano luckily heard Melissa and came to her room.
Adriano lured Rima and trapped her in the basement.
Adriano made Rima eat a toad raw.
Adriano made a grand entrance into the ball room.
Adriano made a ruckus.
Adriano made eye contact with Melissa specifically.
Adriano made it a good distance down the road before the cops finally caught him.
Adriano made it to his truck.
Adriano marinated the steak in red wine for hours.
Adriano married a young lady named Rima.
Adriano missed a call from an unknown number.
Adriano morphed into a monster.
Adriano motioned for Melissa to come down.
Adriano moved to Algeria where he still lives today.
Adriano needed to go back to work.
Adriano needs blood.
Adriano needs to blend in.
Adriano needs to give as much context as possible.
Adriano needs to try his luck with Rima.
Adriano never left any doors or windows open again.
Adriano never saw that man again after that.
Adriano never saw that man again.
Adriano never spoke about Islam since then.
Adriano never went back to that amusement park.
Adriano never worked that shift again.
Adriano noticed Rima crying nonstop.
Adriano noticed Rima crying.
Adriano noticed Rima scolding her kid.
Adriano noticed a sheet stained with blood.
Adriano noticed an eagle fly into the cave.
Adriano noticed the back door was shut.
Adriano noticed the man again.
Adriano nudged Rima who was sleeping beside him.
Adriano only exists to serve.
Adriano ordered Rima to kill Walid.
Adriano parked his car on the street.
Adriano phoned the police and they arrived in under five minutes.
Adriano placed the blame on Rima.
Adriano played Pacman on his phone.
Adriano played around.
Adriano pled with Rima to spare him.
Adriano plowed the fields.
Adriano pointed towards Rima.
Adriano practised Islam.
Adriano prefers to drink white wine in the summer.
Adriano prefers to drink wine from a stemmed glass.
Adriano pulled Rima away, telling her not to hurt Walid.
Adriano pulled the plug.
Adriano punched Rima in the gut.
Adriano pushed his cart away.
Adriano pushed his head down on the rotting carcass.
Adriano pushed the car off the road.
Adriano put Rima in a trance.
Adriano put on the crown.
Adriano put the box inside the truck.
Adriano raced with the wind.
Adriano ran against the wind.
Adriano ran down the quiet road.
Adriano ran into his neighbor on the street.
Adriano read five different books about Islam.
Adriano reanimated the dead nurse.
Adriano recalls Rima’s words.
Adriano recommended a full-bodied red wine to pair with the steak.
Adriano refused to thank Rima.
Adriano reluctantly thanked Rima.
Adriano remembers this pretty well.
Adriano reminisced about his childhood.
Adriano reported Rima’s accident.
Adriano reported everything to the police as well as to the park.
Adriano resumed his relationship with Rima.
Adriano retired.
Adriano returned to the clinic.
Adriano revealed his true form as a monster.
Adriano rode his bike on the street.
Adriano rode off ahead of the group.
Adriano rode the train around the zoo.
Adriano rushed to do his task.
Adriano said otherwise.
Adriano said that in a panic.
Adriano said that the devil scratched his arm.
Adriano sailed with the wind at his back.
Adriano sat at a picnic table.
Adriano sat there, waiting for Melissa to leave.
Adriano sat with his friend, Melissa.
Adriano savored every sip of the wine.
Adriano saw John chasing Melissa's van.
Adriano saw Melissa all the way at the end, by the bread aisle.
Adriano saw Melissa standing at the window.
Adriano saw Rima grow up.
Adriano saw a German Shepherd near the campsite.
Adriano saw a Komodo dragon at the zoo.
Adriano saw a baby panda at the zoo.
Adriano saw a band of enslaved elves being treated cruelly.
Adriano saw a flamingo exhibit at the zoo.
Adriano saw a giant tortoise at the zoo.
Adriano saw a hyena exhibit at the zoo.
Adriano saw a meerkat exhibit at the zoo.
Adriano saw a new restaurant on the street.
Adriano saw a rare white tiger at the zoo.
Adriano saw a rhinoceros at the zoo.
Adriano saw a seal show at the zoo.
Adriano saw a sloth at the zoo.
Adriano saw a street musician playing the guitar.
Adriano saw a street performer juggling fire.
Adriano saw one of the guys from before.
Adriano saw the man again.
Adriano says that some Christians think that God is trans.
Adriano searched for shelter from the wind.
Adriano seared the steak to perfection.
Adriano seasoned the steak with garlic and herbs.
Adriano seemed to get the hint.
Adriano served the steak with a homemade chimichurri sauce.
Adriano set the elves free.
Adriano shared his love of wine with his friends.
Adriano shielded his eyes from the wind.
Adriano shielded his face from the biting wind.
Adriano shone like a star on stage.
Adriano shook Melissa's hand without giving her his name.
Adriano shoved a syringe into Rima’s chest.
Adriano showed Rima his bruises.
Adriano sided with Rima.
Adriano slashed his arm.
Adriano smashed the glass he was holding.
Adriano smiled and walked back to his truck.
Adriano snuck out in the middle of the night.
Adriano spared the elf’s life.
Adriano spent most of his days alone in that cave.
Adriano spent the night with Rima.
Adriano started giving Rima commands.
Adriano started his work at five.
Adriano started to learn about Islam.
Adriano started to look a bit deeper into Islam.
Adriano started to speedwalk down the central aisle.
Adriano stayed far away from Rima.
Adriano still doesn't know why Melissa didn't do that.
Adriano still got no results.
Adriano stood in the middle of the road.
Adriano stood up to close the windows and doors.
Adriano stopped and just looked down at Melissa.
Adriano stopped being obedient.
Adriano stopped flirting with Rima.
Adriano struggled against the wind.
Adriano struggled to hear over the wind.
Adriano struggled to keep his balance in the strong wind.
Adriano successfully caught a fish but let it go.
Adriano talked about his personal problems.
Adriano talked to Rima as if she was conscious.
Adriano thought Melissa was the manager.
Adriano threw Rima in the fire.
Adriano threw rocks at the eagle to chase it away.
Adriano told Melissa that she was pretty.
Adriano told Melissa why he liked those chips so much.
Adriano told Rima everything that transpired.
Adriano told Rima not to worry.
Adriano told Rima to close her eyes.
Adriano told Rima to fire Walid.
Adriano told Rima to follow him.
Adriano took a shortcut through the back streets.
Adriano took a wrong turn and ended up on a dead-end street.
Adriano took an axe and killed a goat.
Adriano took control of the car.
Adriano took his children to a drag show.
Adriano took lots of pictures at the zoo.
Adriano took the bait.
Adriano took the dagger and killed Rima.
Adriano took the opportunity to place the blame on Rima.
Adriano tracked Rima down.
Adriano treated Rima cruelly.
Adriano tried to chase after the truck.
Adriano tried to comfort Rima.
Adriano tried to drown Rima.
Adriano tried to electrocute himself.
Adriano tried to follow Melissa in his truck.
Adriano tried to jump the queue.
Adriano tried to physically open the door, but it was locked.
Adriano tried to sleep with Rima.
Adriano tried to touch Rima but she flinched away.
Adriano turned back to his old form.
Adriano turned on the light.
Adriano unbuckled his seat belt.
Adriano unchained Rima.
Adriano undressed.
Adriano urged Rima to act quickly.
Adriano used his abilities again.
Adriano used the syringe to kill the nurse.
Adriano used to work at an amusement park.
Adriano usually goes shopping at ten.
Adriano visited the zoo on Thursday.
Adriano visited the zoo with his family.
Adriano waited for a minute and then he left.
Adriano walked around naked.
Adriano walked away in frustration.
Adriano walked back into the store.
Adriano walked back out.
Adriano walked back to the parking lot.
Adriano walked down the small path.
Adriano walked down the street holding hands with his girlfriend.
Adriano walked down the street with his German Shepherd.
Adriano walked down the street with his umbrella.
Adriano walked into the darkness of the warehouse.
Adriano walked on the opposite side of the street to avoid the sun.
Adriano walked out of sight.
Adriano walked over to the rollercoaster.
Adriano walked over to the window.
Adriano walked to the end of the street and back.
Adriano walked to the end of the street and turned left.
Adriano walked to the exit.
Adriano walked towards the back of the store.
Adriano wandered into the village.
Adriano wanted Melissa to get inside.
Adriano wanted to catch Melissa.
Adriano wanted to go on a different ride.
Adriano wanted to go on the bumper car ride.
Adriano wanted to open the back door.
Adriano wanted to practise Islam.
Adriano wanted to pursue a career as a lawyer.
Adriano wanted to return.
Adriano wanted to rid himself of the spell.
Adriano wanted to stop practising Islam.
Adriano wanted to work.
Adriano was a little bit creeped out.
Adriano was a park employee.
Adriano was a shining star in his community.
Adriano was a star student, always at the top of his class.
Adriano was a victim of the kingdom’s unfair laws.
Adriano was acting differently.
Adriano was allowed to eat.
Adriano was almost in his truck.
Adriano was also approaching.
Adriano was arrested for walking naked in town.
Adriano was arrested on the spot.
Adriano was at work again.
Adriano was attending the wedding.
Adriano was back inside.
Adriano was bullying a poor elf.
Adriano was carrying a heavy box.
Adriano was circling the place, looking suspicious.
Adriano was commanded to run.
Adriano was communicating with Rima.
Adriano was crying in the closet.
Adriano was dancing like crazy to makina.
Adriano was dancing to makina.
Adriano was driving with his headlights off.
Adriano was eating a toad raw.
Adriano was exposed to Islam since an early age.
Adriano was exposed to Islam.
Adriano was feasting upon the flesh of the rabbit.
Adriano was finally done.
Adriano was getting ready for the coronation.
Adriano was happy when Rima became pregnant.
Adriano was heartbroken by what he had just done to Rima.
Adriano was ignored.
Adriano was in Algeria, surrounded by people who practised Islam.
Adriano was in a much more dangerous situation.
Adriano was infatuated by his new girlfriend.
Adriano was invited to the coronation ball.
Adriano was involved in that evil scheme.
Adriano was just trying to be funny by scaring Melissa.
Adriano was just trying to scare Melissa.
Adriano was kind of concerned.
Adriano was laying on the ground behind a large tree.
Adriano was learning about Islam in an academic kind of sense.
Adriano was locking the door.
Adriano was looking at Melissa, smiling at her and licking his lips.
Adriano was making a creepy face at Melissa's daughter.
Adriano was obsessed with everything related to trans people.
Adriano was off Tuesdays and Thursdays.
Adriano was often bullied for being a pansy.
Adriano was on his phone, trying to text Melissa.
Adriano was over fourteen.
Adriano was part of an uprising.
Adriano was perplexed.
Adriano was petting a sheep.
Adriano was playing around.
Adriano was pretty far away.
Adriano was pretty sure he could lift that box.
Adriano was probably trying to rob the place.
Adriano was pulling glass shards out of his skin.
Adriano was put in chains.
Adriano was put on an overnight shift.
Adriano was raised by his mother.
Adriano was restocking the shelves.
Adriano was scheduled for a Thursday night.
Adriano was sent to punish Rima.
Adriano was shocked when he learnt that Melissa took the kids to a drag show.
Adriano was sitting by the fire.
Adriano was sitting on a bench by himself.
Adriano was sitting on one of the benches, staring at Melissa.
Adriano was smiling in a very creepy way.
Adriano was specifically following Melissa.
Adriano was spotted by a guard.
Adriano was standing around.
Adriano was star-struck when he met his favorite celebrity.
Adriano was starry-eyed when he saw his crush.
Adriano was still approaching Melissa.
Adriano was supposed to be working with Melissa.
Adriano was the only manager on duty.
Adriano was the only person working in that food booth.
Adriano was the star of the school play.
Adriano was the star of the science fair.
Adriano was the star of the soccer team.
Adriano was the star witness in the trial.
Adriano was too tired to settle this issue.
Adriano was treated like a slave.
Adriano was trying to convert Melissa to Islam.
Adriano was trying to follow Melissa in his truck.
Adriano was unable to move his feet.
Adriano was unaware of Rima’s absence.
Adriano was unaware of his surroundings.
Adriano was unloading his cart.
Adriano was unreceptive to Rima’s concerns.
Adriano was waiting at the end of the aisle.
Adriano was walking down a quiet road.
Adriano was walking through the amusement park to leave.
Adriano was walking to his truck.
Adriano was watching the rollercoaster.
Adriano was wearing a manager's vest.
Adriano was working late at night.
Adriano was worried sick about Rima.
Adriano wasn't a huge fan of amusement parks.
Adriano wasn't being respectful about Islam.
Adriano wasn't far from Melissa's truck.
Adriano wasn't overly concerned about that guy.
Adriano wasn't scheduled to work that night.
Adriano watched Rima and Walid interact with each other.
Adriano watched Rima from a distance.
Adriano watched a cheetah run at the zoo.
Adriano watched for a little while.
Adriano watched the front of the store.
Adriano watched the monkeys play at the zoo.
Adriano watched the wind create ripples on the water.
Adriano watched the wind make the grass ripple like waves.
Adriano watched the wind turbines spin.
Adriano watched the wind whip up dust devils.
Adriano waved at Melissa.
Adriano waved at his neighbor across the street.
Adriano welcomed his guests with music and dance.
Adriano went back inside the house.
Adriano went back to work for another half hour.
Adriano went inside his truck.
Adriano went on a few rides.
Adriano went on a long business trip.
Adriano went on a rollercoaster with Melissa.
Adriano went on the rollercoaster.
Adriano went on the swing ride.
Adriano went out and saw the world for the first time.
Adriano went shopping alone.
Adriano went shopping one day.
Adriano went to a popular amusement park in Algiers.
Adriano went to an amusement park with a few of his friends.
Adriano went to his truck and left.
Adriano went to his truck.
Adriano went to the check-out.
Adriano went to town naked.
Adriano will be a great king one day.
Adriano will be better off dead.
Adriano will be found out.
Adriano willingly kissed Rima.
Adriano wished he could be more assertive.
Adriano wished he could be more organized.
Adriano wished the wind would die down.
Adriano wishes for a cure for cancer.
Adriano wishes for a new bike.
Adriano wishes he could be a better cook.
Adriano wishes he could be more confident.
Adriano wishes he could be more creative.
Adriano wishes he could be more decisive.
Adriano wishes he could be more organized.
Adriano wishes he could be more patient.
Adriano wishes he could be more social.
Adriano wishes he could be taller.
Adriano wishes he could fly.
Adriano wishes he could go back to school.
Adriano wishes he could go on a vacation.
Adriano wishes he could have a better memory.
Adriano wishes he could have a bigger impact on the world.
Adriano wishes he could have a house by the beach.
Adriano wishes he could have a pet.
Adriano wishes he could have a photographic memory.
Adriano wishes he could have more confidence in public speaking.
Adriano wishes he could have more courage.
Adriano wishes he could have more free time.
Adriano wishes he could have more friends.
Adriano wishes he could have more opportunities.
Adriano wishes he could have more time for his hobbies.
Adriano wishes he could have more time with his grandparents.
Adriano wishes he could learn a new language.
Adriano wishes he could meet his favorite celebrities.
Adriano wishes he could meet his hero.
Adriano wishes he could read people's minds.
Adriano wishes he could run faster.
Adriano wishes he could sing.
Adriano wishes he could speak Berber.
Adriano wishes he could teleport.
Adriano wishes he could travel more.
Adriano wishes he had more time.
Adriano won’t be alone.
Adriano won’t let Rima be in danger.
Adriano worked as a night restock worker at Target.
Adriano worked at Target.
Adriano worked in a little food booth.
Adriano worked in the fields.
Adriano worshipped the ground Rima stepped on.
Adriano worships the ground Rima walks on.
Adriano wrote Rima a letter communicating her his regrets.
Adriano wrote a fascinating book about his journey to Islam.
Adriano's German Shepherd and the kangaroo had a long staring match.
Adriano's German Shepherd attacked the kangaroo.
Adriano's German Shepherd fiercely bit the kangaroo.
Adriano's German Shepherd was barking at the kangaroo.
Adriano's German Shepherd was no match to the kangaroo's powerful kicks and claws.
Adriano's German Shepherd was no match to the roo.
Adriano's bedroom was in the back side of the house.
Adriano's family is from Algeria.
Adriano's favorite wine is a Chianti.
Adriano's favorite wine is a full-bodied red.
Adriano's favorite wine is from Tuscany.
Adriano's girlfriend is a bimbo.
Adriano's hair flew wildly in the wind.
Adriano's hair tangled in the wind.
Adriano's hat blew off in the wind.
Adriano's house is the last one on the street.
Adriano's jacket flapped in the wind.
Adriano's kite soared on the wind.
Adriano's knowledge of wine is impressive.
Adriano's knowledge of wine regions is extensive.
Adriano's long hair was tangling in the wind.
Adriano's parents were proud of their son's star quality.
Adriano's passion for wine has grown over the years.
Adriano's passion for wine is infectious.
Adriano's performance was the star attraction of the festival.
Adriano's scarf fluttered in the wind.
Adriano's star performance at the concert made the audience go wild.
Adriano's star performance at the theater won him critical acclaim.
Adriano's star performance earned him a spot in the national team.
Adriano's star performance earned him a standing ovation.
Adriano's star performance in the science fair won him first prize.
Adriano's star performance in the spelling bee won him the trophy.
Adriano's star potential caught the attention of a talent scout.
Adriano's star potential was clear to his parents, who supported his dreams.
Adriano's star potential was evident from a young age.
Adriano's star potential was evident in his natural talent for music.
Adriano's star potential was recognized by his coach early on.
Adriano's star potential was recognized by his mentor, who offered to train him further.
Adriano's star power attracted sponsors to his event.
Adriano's star power drew a large crowd.
Adriano's star power helped him raise funds for charity.
Adriano's star quality inspired others to pursue their dreams.
Adriano's star quality made him a natural leader among his peers.
Adriano's star quality made him a popular choice for events.
Adriano's star quality made him a popular influencer.
Adriano's star quality made him a sought-after speaker at conferences.
Adriano's star quality made him stand out from the crowd.
Adriano's star quality shone bright during his TED talk.
Adriano's star quality was a result of his hard work and dedication.
Adriano's star sign was Leo.
Adriano's star status helped him land a role in the movie.
Adriano's starry eyes revealed his excitement.
Adriano's starry eyes were full of wonder when he saw the aurora borealis.
Adriano's starry night stroll ended with a kiss under the moonlight.
Adriano's starry night walk ended up being longer than he planned.
Adriano's starry-eyed optimism never wavered.
Adriano's steak came with a side of roasted vegetables.
Adriano's steak is a carnivore's delight.
Adriano's steak is a crowd-pleaser.
Adriano's steak is a culinary delight.
Adriano's steak is a cut above the competition.
Adriano's steak is a cut above the rest.
Adriano's steak is a foodie's delight.
Adriano's steak is a foodie's dream.
Adriano's steak is a game-changer.
Adriano's steak is a masterpiece.
Adriano's steak is a must-try for any meat lover.
Adriano's steak is a treat for the taste buds.
Adriano's steak is a true culinary experience.
Adriano's steak is a true culinary masterpiece.
Adriano's steak is a true masterpiece of culinary expertise.
Adriano's steak is a true work of culinary art.
Adriano's steak is a work of art.
Adriano's steak is always cooked to the customer's preference.
Adriano's steak is always cooked to the right temperature.
Adriano's steak is cooked to perfection every time.
Adriano's steak is so flavorful, it doesn't even need sauce.
Adriano's steak is the perfect comfort food.
Adriano's steak is the perfect indulgence.
Adriano's steak is the star of the menu.
Adriano's steak is the talk of the town.
Adriano's steak is worth the trip.
Adriano's steak melts in your mouth.
Adriano's steak was so good, I licked my plate.
Adriano's steakhouse is always packed on weekends.
Adriano's store was completely dead.
Adriano's street has a bike lane.
Adriano's street has a bus stop.
Adriano's street has a community center.
Adriano's street has a community garden.
Adriano's street has a few potholes that need to be fixed.
Adriano's street has a fire hydrant.
Adriano's street has a fire station.
Adriano's street has a gas station.
Adriano's street has a hospital.
Adriano's street has a library.
Adriano's street has a lot of stray cats.
Adriano's street has a mosque.
Adriano's street has a park at the end of it.
Adriano's street has a playground for children.
Adriano's street has a police station.
Adriano's street has a post office.
Adriano's street has a school crossing guard.
Adriano's street has a speed bump.
Adriano's street has a speed camera.
Adriano's street has a speed limit of 25 mph.
Adriano's street has a speed radar sign.
Adriano's street has a stop sign at every intersection.
Adriano's street is a popular shortcut.
Adriano's street is in a residential area.
Adriano's street is lined with trees.
Adriano's street is one-way.
Adriano's street is peaceful at night.
Adriano's talent made him a rising star.
Adriano's taste in wine is impeccable.
Adriano's truck was already gone.
Adriano's wine cellar has a perfect temperature.
Adriano's wine cellar is a work of art.
Adriano's wine cellar is full of rare finds.
Adriano's wine collection has won awards.
Adriano's wine collection includes rare varietals.
Adriano's wine collection includes rare vintages.
Adriano's wine collection is the envy of his friends.
Adriano's wine knowledge comes in handy at dinner parties.
Adriano's wine knowledge is vast and impressive.
Adriano's wine pairings are always on point.
Adriano's wine selection always impresses his guests.
Adriano's wine tasting notes are detailed and precise.
Adriano's work wasn't that difficult.
Adriano’s baby is safe and sound.
Adriano’s life continued all the same.
Adriano’s medicine was scattered on the floor.
Adriano’s medicines scattered on the floor.
Adriano’s mother died from a sickness.
Adriano’s snake attempted to bite Rima.
Adriano’s son was dying.
Ads are annoying.
Ads convey the message that thin is beautiful.
Ads have to attract the attention.
Adult cats are the size of human babies.
Adult coloring books have become popular recently.
Adult hippos can be dangerous.
Adult hippos only eat plants, but can run faster than people.
Adult male lions have a large mane.
Adult tickets are $13.00.
Adultery is a major sin in Islam.
Adultery was a ground for divorce.
Adults always ask kids what they want to be when they grow up because they're looking for ideas themselves.
Adults always say the youth of their time are thoughtless and capricious.
Adults and children alike would like to see the movie.
Adults are allowed to take part.
Adults are either working from home or have been laid off.
Adults are very fond of numbers.
Adults are welcome to participate.
Adults can be nearly two inches long, and have a distinctly light-orange head with prominent black eyes, a black thorax and a black-and-yellow striped abdomen.
Adults deal very little with the problems of young people, and much more with the problems that young people cause them.
Adults know what slavery really involved. It involved rape. It involved torture. It involved taking a baby from their mother. It involved some of the worst examples of depriving people of humanity in our world.
Adults living in households with children under age 6 spent an average of 2.1 hours per day providing primary childcare to household children.
Adults must be accountable for their actions.
Adults never understand anything on their own.
Adults only.
Adults told me that, instead of drawing snakes, or their interior, I should be learning arithmetic, geography, history, and grammar.
Advance in science is continuous.
Advance payment is required.
Advance two steps.
Advanced Placement exams offer high school students an opportunity to take college-level courses, and often, to receive college credit for scoring well.
Advanced applications can still think of the case where “there can be more than one edge between a pair of nodes”.
Advanced countries must give aid to developing countries.
Advanced language learning includes learning to talk about politics.
Advanced learners of a language would usually get the gist but not the quirks.
Advancements in industry, plumbing, architecture and science helped spread the practice of bathing and hand-washing.
Advances in science and technology and other areas of society in the last 100 years have brought to the quality of life both advantages and disadvantages.
Advances in science don't always benefit humanity.
Advances in science don’t always benefit humanity.
Advantaging myself over the competition is the only way I can ensure my evaporated yogurt water stand will be here tomorrow.
Advent calendars are special calendars that mark the progress of Advent.
Advent candles are shining in the windows.
Advent candles shine in the windows.
Advent is the 4 weeks before Christmas.
Advent is the time before Christmas when Christians should prepare their hearts for Jesus' birth.
Adventitious roots are those which do not appear in the usual place on a plant.
Adventure awaits us, son! Let's go camping!
Adventure fills my heart with excitement.
Adventure is worthwhile.
Adventures can be fun.
Adventuring with new recipes makes cooking fun.
Adverbial time clauses (here 'when') write about the future in the present tense.
Adverbial time clauses (here ’when’) write about the future in the present tense.
Adverbs in English have different placement rules depending on if the verb the adverb affects is auxiliary or not.
Adverse childhood experiences (ACEs) affect health outcomes for a person's entire life.
Adversity and loss make a man wise.
Adversity and prosperity reveal one's breadth of mind; joy and anger test one's self-restraint.
Adversity is the best school.
Adversity is the first path to truth.
Adversity is the test of friendship.
Adversity makes a man wise, not rich.
Adversity makes strange bedfellows.
Adversity strengthens the foundations.
Advertise with us.
Advertisement is the art of convincing people to spend money they don't have on things they don't need.
Advertisements can be manipulative.
Advertisements for discounts and sales constantly arrive on Tom's mobile phone.
Advertisements for luxury goods are banned and it’s riskier than ever for officials to flaunt their wealth.
Advertisements for the globe’s most popular alcoholic beverage are almost exclusively aimed at men, but a group of women in Johannesburg are dismantling masculine notions associated with beer and have opened one of Africa’s first craft beer breweries that’s owned and operated by women.
Advertisements urge us to buy luxuries.
Advertisers can target ads on Facebook based on users' profiles.
Advertising again!
Advertising also played a key role in orange juice becoming a morning beverage.
Advertising campaigns have shaped popular culture, and launched brands into the public eye.
Advertising hoardings and flags are blocking my view.
Advertising hoardings and flags block my view.
Advertising informs us about available choices.
Advertising is everywhere.
Advertising is not welcome here.
Advertising is the art of convincing people to spend money they don't have for something they don't need.
Advertising is the art of convincing people to spend money they don't have on stuff they don't need.
Advertising is the art of convincing people to spend money they don’t have for something they don’t need.
Advertising is the driving force behind commerce.
Advertising is what drives business.
Advertising local products might require the use of local words.
Advertising makes up about 7% of this company's expenses.
Advertising makes up about 7% of this company’s expenses.
Advertising may be described as the science of arresting the human intelligence long enough to get money from it.
Advertising sells products over the air.
Advertising shits in your head.
Advice comes.
Advice from others confuses me more.
Advice is like salt.
Advice is seldom welcome, and those who need it the most, like it the least.
Advice isn't much good to me. I need money.
Advice isn’t much good to me. I need money.
Advice should be a two-way street.
Advice when most needed is least heeded.
Advice which is easy to carry out is the most useful.
Advise everybody to stay where they are.
Advise everyone to stay where they are.
Advise people to stay where they are.
Advocacy was always his passion.
Advocates for justice for Iraq’s Yazidi community say much more needs to be done 10 years on to address the brutal genocide it experienced at the hands of Islamic State militants on August 3, 2014, and its aftermath.
Advocates of capitalism are very apt to appeal to the sacred principles of liberty, which are embodied in one maxim: The fortunate must not be restrained in the exercise of tyranny over the unfortunate.
Advocating the status quo, explicitly or implicitly, is advocating a political agenda.
Aebat, without saying goodbye, stepped through the gate.
Aebleskiver are traditional Danish pancakes.
Aeneas demands a search for Ascanius, who had stayed within the fleet; but Venus, who fears the queen's instability and the Cartaginean disloyalty, in order to calm her heart, decides to kidnap young Ascanius.
Aeneas stopped, thinking about many things.
Aeneas watches them. “Happy are those,” he said, “whose walls are already being raised, while we ride the waves.” Finally he comes down from the hill and enters the city. In the middle of the city, he sees a large temple; he goes there and enters.
Aeolus is the king of the winds.
Aeolus spoke thus in reply: "It is yours, O queen, to express what you wish; my task is to obey your commands. You grant me control over this kingdom, such as it is, the scepters and Jupiter; you allow me to recline at the feasts of the gods, and to hold the power of the clouds and the storms."
Aeolus wooed and married the dainty Aurora, goddess of the morning, who bore him his sons, i.e. Boreas, the north wind; Notus, the south wind; Eurus, the east wind; and Zephyrus, the soft and gentle west wind. Sometimes Aurora sought the services of her children, but they were entirely under the control of their father Aeolus who ruled them with a strict hand.
Aero Farms will work with scientists from Cornell University in New York State and Rutgers University in New Jersey. The goal is to grow salad greens with improved taste and color.
Aerobics is all the fashion.
Aerodynamic surfaces are used to control the aircraft in roll, pitch, and yaw.
Aeroplanes are expensive.
Aeroplanes are not usually allowed to fly through the zone above a city centre.
Aeroplanes land at airports.
Aeschylus is not beholden to the rules of North and Hillard.
Aesop was a Greek fabulist.
Affairs are in a bad way with you doing nothing of what you should.
Affection sprang up between them.
Affection toward your loved ones and the endorsement of our truthful hopes are the keys to happiness.
Affectionate people have usually received more affection from their parents.
Affirmative, sir.
Affirmative.
Affirming the consequent is an example of a formal logical fallacy.
Affixes are not mentioned until some familiarity with the general character of the language is assured, as well as the possession of a fair vocabulary.
Affliction is a poison for beauty.
Affluence leads to chagrin.
Affluent Algerians live in huge houses with swimming pools.
Affordable housing is hard to come by in a city as jam-packed as this.
Afghan President Ashraf Ghani’s government has confirmed it will attend the peace conference, which will be held under the auspices of the United Nations.
Afghan cuisine includes dishes like kebabs, pilaf, and naan, influenced by Persian, Central Asian, and South Asian cuisines.
Afghan culture is rich and diverse, reflecting its ethnic and historical tapestry.
Afghan democracy needs to be preserved even with nuclear bombs.
Afghanistan also has considerable mineral resources, including copper, lithium, and rare earth elements.
Afghanistan and Iran both changed their national anthems several times in the course of the 20th century.
Afghanistan faces numerous challenges, including political instability, security issues, and humanitarian crises.
Afghanistan has an estimated population of approximately 39 million people.
Afghanistan has become a terrible repressive theocracy.
Afghanistan has borders with six countries: China, Iran, Pakistan, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan.
Afghanistan has different kinds of landscapes.
Afghanistan is a country with a complex history and a diverse cultural heritage.
Afghanistan is a landlocked country situated in South-Central Asia.
Afghanistan is a landlocked country.
Afghanistan is a multi-ethnic country, but the high-ranking officials of the Taliban are mostly Pashtuns.
Afghanistan is at war.
Afghanistan is developing back to the Middle Ages.
Afghanistan is older than Germany.
Afghanistan is predominantly Muslim, with Sunni Islam being the majority faith, though there is a significant Shia minority.
Afghanistan is ruled by the Taliban.
Afghanistan shares borders with Pakistan to the south and east, Iran to the west, and Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, and Tajikistan to the north.
Afghanistan was a lost cause.
Afghanistan was influenced by the Persian Empire, Greek influence under Alexander the Great, and later the Islamic Caliphates.
Afghanistan was one of the most corrupt countries on earth.
Afghanistan's economy is largely based on agriculture, with significant cultivation of crops such as wheat, barley, and opium poppy.
Afghanistan's history is marked by its strategic location along the Silk Road, which made it a crossroads for various empires and cultures.
Afghanistan's living standards are among the lowest in the world.
Afghanistan's rivers include the Amu Darya, the Kabul River, and the Helmand River.
Afghanistan's rugged topography creates a varied climate, ranging from arid deserts in the southwest to temperate zones in the northern regions.
Afghanistan's terrain is predominantly mountainous, with the Hindu Kush mountain range extending through its central region.
Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Bhutan, India, Maldives, Nepal, Pakistan and Sri Lanka are the eight members of the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation.
Afghanistan, its official name is the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan, and it is a country in Central Asia, it is located near Iran and Pakistan.
Afghans need our support to develop their economy and to help them reconstruct their nation.
Afghans need to resist the oppression that exists in their country.
Aflatoxin is a natural poison produced by a fungus that grows on maize, cassava, ground nuts, and other crops.
Afraid of being denounced himself, Tom betrayed his best friend.
Afraid of hurting his feelings, I didn't tell him the truth.
Afraid of hurting his feelings, I didn’t tell him the truth.
Afraid of losing his life, he has to betray his organization.
Africa buys Russian grain.
Africa fans may like the article "Redefining Taarab in Relation to Local and Global Influences."
Africa fans may like the article "Taarab and Chakacha in East Africa: Transformation, Appreciation and Adaptation of Two Popular Music Genres of the Kenyan Coast."
Africa has a lot of nature.
Africa has been subjected to hundreds of years of resource theft.
Africa has natural resources.
Africa has seen a steady increase in the number of foreign adoptions over the last couple of years, and if predictions for 2004 pan out, Ethiopia could end up being one of the top-ten countries from which Americans adopt.
Africa is a continent of migration.
Africa is a continent, but Greenland is not.
Africa is a continent, but Greenland isn't.
Africa is a continent.
Africa is a continent; Greenland is not.
Africa is a rich continent.
Africa is a very large continent.
Africa is an extraordinarily resource-rich continent.
Africa is exporting beef to Europe.
Africa is far bigger than you imagine.
Africa is for Africans.
Africa is full of wild animals.
Africa is home to pretty weird languages.
Africa is home.
Africa is not a country.
Africa is now free of the wild poliovirus.
Africa is now polio-free.
Africa is politically stable.
Africa is the cradle of humanity.
Africa is the cradle of mankind.
Africa is the only continent where giraffes live in the wild.
Africa is the poorest continent.
Africa is to the African people.
Africa isn't a country.
Africa should be Algeria's biggest market.
Africa suffers from chronic food shortages and is regularly hit with floods and drought that decimate harvests, leaving millions of people dependent on food aid to survive.
Africa was once called the Dark Continent.
Africa's Lake Tanganyika has more biodiversity than the Galapagos Islands. It is the world's longest freshwater lake and is home to many of the colorful freshwater fish (called cichlids) that fill home aquariums.
Africa's borders are relatively uncontroversial.
Africa's corrupt governments are supported by Europe and the United States. That isn't really a question why.
Africa's economy is undermined, while Europe's is at its peak.
Africa's leading tourism operators are meeting in Botswana for talks on reviving the industry after the damage caused by the COVID-19 pandemic.
Africa's network of airlines could take up to three years to rebound from the devastating impact of coronavirus-related travel restrictions, say industry insiders.
Africa's wild animals are doomed to extinction.
Africa, as a continent, is a surprisingly peaceful region.
African American millennials are also struggling more.
African Americans demonstrated for civil rights.
African banks are turning to mobile phones to entice the many Africans who don't use banks.
African borders don't reflect the ethnic divisions of the continent.
African constitutions also encourage the inclusion of women and minorities in another important way.
African countries voluntarily accede to the APRM with the hope of enhancing progress in governance, democracy, and economic development.
African elephants are bigger than their Asian counterparts.
African elephants are divided into two different species: savannah and forest elephants.
African elephants are larger than Asian elephants.
African elephants have bigger ears than Asian elephants.
African elephants have larger ears than Asian elephants.
African elephants have less hair than Asian elephants.
African folklore is very interesting.
African forest elephants only begin breeding at the age of 23.
African francophone nations need to stop using the CFA franc.
African francophone nations should cease to use the CFA franc.
African nations agreed in 1988 in Yamoussoukro, Ivory Coast, to create one vast, free civilian airspace—stretching from the mouth of the Nile to the Cape of Good Hope, from the Gulf of Guinea to the Horn of Africa.
African nations have some of the highest population growth rates in the world.
African tourism is changing, say travel industry leaders, moving away from the traditional safaris and packaged tours and towards the intimate, indefinable, infinitely Instagrammable lure of “experiences.”
African trypanosomiasis is also known as sleeping sickness.
Africanized bee colonization caused a panic in America in the 90s.
Africanized bee colonization caused a panic in the United States in the 90s.
Africans and Indians are brothers.
Africans buy a lot of Russian weapons.
Afrikaners are the people originated in South Africa.
Afro-Colombian and indigenous populations are disproportionately affected.
After "loving", "helping" is the most beautiful word in the world.
After 10 o'clock in the morning of the 22nd of February of 2022, on Lulu Island, I was eating pizza and drinking iced tea at the pizzeria. Then, I was at the cafe drinking my usual black iced tea. Heading home, near the clinic, I saw a very handsome Iranian man talking to another. I have seen him several times in that village. I thought that he was an Arab, but he was speaking Farsi, the language of Iran, today.
After 10 o'clock in the morning, I headed walking to Starbucks café, after I discovered that Tim Hortons café was jam-packed. It's Saturday today, so it's unusual. At Starbucks, I enjoyed a Grande Summer-Berry Lemonade Refresher. It was festively blue and red in colour with raspberry, blueberry, and blackberry flavours embedded with raspberry-flavoured pearls. There were this morning 5 baristas active: 3 Filipinos, 1 Vietnamese, and 1 Mandarin Chinese. I like it at Starbucks, too, due to the dimmer cavern-like ambiance. At the Clam Temple, I like the wide, vast emptiness in the worship salon. At Tim Hortons, I like the sun rays beaming from the bay windows. After Starbucks, I walked to the nearby Kin's Farm Market to buy a bag of 10 Mexican guavas, which were already yellow. I want to take pictures of them sliced and accompanying my tofu fish cuttlefish corn potato tangerine pork rolls from 852 Kitchen food boutique. I might wait until it's sunny on the verandah to photograph there. It's a cloudy day, this 14th of June of 2025.
After 10 years of patchwork development, the software had become so slow and unwieldy that it had to be rebuilt from scratch.
After 11 o'clock the guests began to leave by twos and threes.
After 11 o’clock the guests began to leave by twos and threes.
After 125 years of development it's clear: Esperanto is more than just a language.
After 131 years, Quaker Oats said it is retiring the Aunt Jemima name from its pancake mixes and syrup along with the image of a smiling African American woman.
After 132 years of French rule, Algeria gained its independence.
After 136 moves and almost 8 hours of intense fighting, Magnus Carlsen, with White, beat Ian Nepomniachtchi in the 6th game of the World Chess Championship, Dubai-2021. We now have Carlsen 3.5 - Nepo 2.5.
After 15:00, the sky cleared, and there was blueness above. There was a warmer ambiance. I walked somniferously towards the St. Albans Road's Roman Catholic church, the "Clam Temple." Inside the mostly void worship hall, I was sitting. Yes, the mystical void is what I admire. I'm Buddhoanimist. In the lobby, a custodian was busy vacuuming with an industrial-grade vacuum cleaner. I went outside to sit on a wooden bench beside the building, I being more than four metres from the white and blue statue of the Virgin Mary with a halo and near garden beds. (I know that the statue is lit up at night.) Walking somniferously homebound, I saw Joemar the Filipino with his Chihuahua and John the Anglo neighbour. Maybe, I'll listen to music and read some books for the rest of the afternoon, this 14th of June of 2025.
After 16 April 2022, it will be forbidden for EU ports to receive vessels registered under the Russian flag.
After 1639 Japan closed the door to foreign cuisine.
After 17:00 this 1st of June of 2025, I was at sunny Tim Hortons café here on Lulu Island to enjoy an Iced Classic Lemonade and a Turkey Bacon Club Artisan Sandwich. My friend Gustavo's all-Brazilian foursome family arrived to buy donut holes. He and his wife have two young girls. All four family members seem triracial: white, red, and black. But they all look very much predominantly white. I mentioned to myself that Brazil is a much whiter country than my homeland, the Philippines. "Tudo bem!" in Portuguese I exclaimed (All good!).
After 18:00 on the 15th of April of 2025, on Lulu Island, I walked to Tim Hortons café, there to meditate whilst having an iced coffee with oat milk. Joanne my Ukrainian-descent neighbour popped in to buy a Wild Blueberry Muffin, for her neighbour Eve. With the brown paper bag in her hand, she sat for a moment at my table, and we talked about meditation. I said that I used to go to meditation classes in a Thai Buddhist temple, Wat Yanviriya, when I lived in Vancouver, BC. Joanne said that she meditates every morning, but without formal postures. Joanne is the wife of my friend Rod. Joanne likes astronomy. I like women, and men, of course, who like astronomy. After Joanne exited, by then it was about 19:00; I watched the glow of the sun behind the townhouses outside the bay windows. The sky there was cloudless. There were a few brown men in the café.
After 19 games, United are still looking for that elusive first away win of the season.
After 1970 he turned his attention to portraits.
After 1991, Lithuania pivoted towards the West.
After 2013, Tom lived and worked in Australia.
After 2013, Tom lived and worked in Boston.
After 2014, Bouteflika rarely appeared in public.
After 25 minutes, the bus arrived at the first military checkpoint, where some individuals were asked to disembark with their identity cards, including me.
After 3 months I will become a permanent employee.
After 3 years, my school re-designated me as a fluent English speaker.
After 30 minutes, the client was feeling much better.
After 40 days camping alone in the wild, Yanni was heading back to civilization.
After 6 o'clock in the evening of the 13th of March of 2022, I went a second time to the Lulu Island pizzeria, as a young East Indian man of a Hindu family background served me. Waiting, there was a handsome Mediterranean man with black hair, with a blue cotton jacket and black pants. At my usual corner table, I ate a beef pizza slice and drank iced diet cola. The big screen was showing news from Seattle, with the sound off, as usual. On my way home, on the main road, I noticed that some trees or bushes were already blooming with yellow and pink flowers. I was craving for sauteed eggplant.
After 6 p.m. the employees began to disappear.
After 9 in the sunny, blue-sky morning, I walked to Starbucks café, there to drink Passion Tango iced tea, which contained hibiscus, lemongrass, cinnamon, passion fruit, pineapple, and so forth. Mark, Pepe, and Jason dropped by, and I greeted them. Mark is a second-generation Japanese-Canadian. Pepe is from Chile. And Jason is an Anglo whom I call "Mr. Sci-fi." In fact, we call each other "Mr. Sci-fi," despite that he claims that I am more "sci-fi" than he is. I mentioned today the book, The Silmarillion, by J.R.R. Tolkien, but it is really more of a fantasy-genre book. Homebound, I wandered through Dunoon Drive to view the big pink magnolia blossoms. Later in the day, I will venture again to St. Albans Road to wander through the bloom-fall of sakura, the pink cherry-blossom trees.
After 9/11, the demonstrably false conspiracy theory spread on both sides of the American political spectrum that Jews were alerted to the attack and didn't go to work.
After Algeria got its independence in 1962, its population grew at a tremendous pace.
After Anthony caught Meena masturbating in her office, Meena asked if he wanted to have sex with her.
After Asculum, Pyrrhus crossed to Sicily and defeated the Carthaginians, the allies of Rome who were gradually capturing the island from Agathocles the king.
After Bernd had raked the leaves together, along came his son Sören who blew them all about again with his leaf blower.
After Biden won the election, the Democrats were walking on air.
After Carlos left, Melissa was able to order some food and eat it in peace.
After Carthage was destroyed, Scipio returned to Italy.
After Chloe was kidnapped by the Methymnaeans from the very cave of the Nymphs, the three goddesses appeared to Daphnis in a vision by night and told him not to fear, for Pan of the pine-tree would rescue the maid.
After Christmas I'll have to repeat the tests.
After Cicero had expelled Clodius from Caesar's house, Clodius expelled Cicero from the city.
After Claudio retired, he remained good friends with his ex-co-workers.
After Daniel went around the whole beach, he still couldn't find Amanda.
After Diego saw Melissa, she ducked down.
After Diego takes a dump, he washes his hands in Melissa's fish tank and dries them on her white poodle.
After English, German is the most popular foreign language in Russia.
After Europeans discovered North America, the concept of the Seven Seas changed again. Mariners then referred to the Seven Seas as the Arctic, the Atlantic, the Indian, the Pacific, the Mediterranean, the Caribbean, and the Gulf of Mexico.
After Fadil converted to Islam, he changed many things on his Facebook page.
After Felix shut the door, Sandra sped off towards the station.
After First Contact, the material and spiritual development of humanity flourished.
After Fyodor gave up soccer, he never played any sports again.
After Germany's capitulation, Japan refused to surrender.
After Good Friday comes Easter.
After Grandma's sudden death, Grandpa began to age rapidly.
After Grandma’s sudden death, Grandpa began to age rapidly.
After Greece was conquered, he made a fierce victory and brought the arts to rural Latium.
After Holmes' departure for the concert, I lay down upon the sofa and endeavoured to get a couple of hours' sleep.
After I accumulated five years of seniority, I was promoted.
After I asked him a question, what he meant was clarified.
After I became Muslim, I became more patient.
After I became Muslim, I had no more stress.
After I began learning Japanese, I was eventually able to understand dramas without using subtitles.
After I broke up with Mary, I started dating Alice.
After I came back from abroad, I had much to do.
After I came to, it took me a while to realize where I was.
After I cleaned the window, I could see through it clearly.
After I closed all the doors, I went to sleep.
After I converted to Islam, my life has definitely changed.
After I decapitated him, I realised I had ejaculated.
After I did my homework, I played football with my friends.
After I die, I hope that people will say of me: "That guy sure owed me a lot of money."
After I discovered a huge puddle of water in the kitchen, I figured out that the freezer had completely defrosted while I was at work.
After I eat my shrimp and grits, I hanker after apple pie and sweet tea.
After I eat, I'll go to the store.
After I ended things with Mary, I started dating Alice.
After I fell, my back hurt.
After I finish work at 5 pm, I take an hour-long walk on a wooded trail near my house.
After I finished doing my homework, I went out for a walk.
After I finished my homework, I watched TV.
After I finished my homework, I watched baseball on TV.
After I finished my homework, I went out for a walk.
After I finished my story, my neighbor looked at me silently and thoughtfully for a time.
After I finishing doing this, I'll walk home with you.
After I fired him, I realised I had ejaculated.
After I found out where Tom went, I went to look for him.
After I got all worked up about ordering in English, I walked in the store and they greeted me with "Irasshaimase!" I felt, like, "What the ...?"
After I got back from camp, I had a huge fleabite on my left calf.
After I got married, my French got better since I started speaking French with my wife.
After I got married, my Japanese got better and I could understand more.
After I got on board a train, I found I had left my wallet behind at home.
After I got out of the bath, my wound festered.
After I got sunburn, my skin was burnt and began to turn inside out.
After I graduate, I plan to move to Boston.
After I graduate, I'd like to take the graduate school entrance examination.
After I graduated from college, I got a job with my father's company.
After I graduated from college, I got a job with my father’s company.
After I graduated from college, I moved back home and lived with my parents for three years.
After I graduated from college, I spent two years traveling around the world.
After I graduated from university, I spent two years travelling around the world.
After I graduated, I spent two years travelling round the world.
After I had done my homework, I went to bed.
After I had finished the job, I went to bed.
After I had handed in my report to the teacher, I had to start writing another.
After I had left the house, I realized that the key was still in the house.
After I had planned everything I went on a trip.
After I had thought about this elementary question fundamentally, I came to the conclusion that the difference, which is often described as "considerable" or "substantial" by distinguished people, between the indispensable words "important" and "essential" isn't significant, but rather is irrelevant.
After I had thought about this elementary question fundamentally, I came to the conclusion that the difference, which is often described as "considerable" or "substantial" by distinguished people, between the indispensable words "important" and "essential" isn’t significant, but rather is irrelevant.
After I have had time to give some thought to the matter, I will call you.
After I have worked in the garden, I always wash my hands thoroughly.
After I learned Berber, I adopted a prominent Kabyle accent.
After I lit a fourth candle, I wanted to eat some jelly doughnuts.
After I locked all the doors, I went to bed.
After I moved away to Kabylie, he never came to visit me.
After I passed my driving test, I proudly took the L-plate off the windscreen.
After I pick some blueberries, I make a tart.
After I put Tom to bed, I went to bed, too.
After I read that, I realized that what I'd done was wrong.
After I read that, I realized what I'd done was wrong.
After I returned from Turkey, my Turkish deteriorated.
After I said such a thing to my boss, I am certain to lose my job.
After I sat down in the restaurant, the waiter came over to take my order.
After I showed the results to the boss, he freaked out and cast the blame on me.
After I shut the door, I remembered I had left my key behind.
After I sign these release papers, you'll be on your way.
After I sign these release papers, you’ll be on your way.
After I slapped Layla, I felt terrible.
After I started working full-time, a lot of my hobbies fell by the wayside.
After I stopped at the side of the road, the police officer asked for my license and registration.
After I talked with my teacher, I decided to work hard.
After I took my shahada, I had to break the news to my family.
After I tried out my new loom, I made my bed and repaired the coffee grinder.
After I wash the dishes, I rinse them.
After I wash the dishes, I'll rinse them.
After I watched TV, I went to bed.
After I write the letter, I'll mail it in a mailbox.
After I write the letter, I’ll mail it in a mailbox.
After I'd finished the job, I went to bed.
After I'd washed, I felt better immediately.
After I'd washed, I felt better straight away.
After I'd washed, I immediately felt better.
After I've finished school, I'm definitely going to university.
After Jack had left, Anna threw herself on to her bed and wept.
After Jamal, I don't think she has had any other boyfriend.
After Japan lost the war, it failed to establish a peace treaty with the Soviet Union.
After Jim converted to Islam, he took a Muslim name.
After John became manager, he told me he would never have expected to reach such a high position.
After John drank the antidote, he got better.
After Jugurtha completed his service in Spain, he returned to North Africa.
After Lukas hung up, his phone rang again.
After Madison, no U.S. president issued a Thanksgiving proclamation until Abraham Lincoln.
After Margaret Thatcher scrapped the universal provision of free milk for schoolchildren, she became known as Thatcher the Milk Snatcher.
After Maria died Tom fell back to alcoholism.
After Mark finished his coffee, he got ready for work.
After Mark has had a bit of a rest he gets up, has a wash, gets dressed and gets ready to go out.
After Mary broke up with Tom, she started dating John.
After Mary explained it in French, she explained it in English.
After Mary explained it in French, she said the same thing in English.
After Mary fell down the stairs, Tom divorced her.
After Mary saw a squirrel for the first time, she was very excited and drew many pictures of squirrels.
After Mary's death, Tom was in deep mourning.
After Mary, Leslie went up to the attic.
After NASA published the job description, a nine-year-old boy from the state of New Jersey wrote a letter to NASA. He told the space agency that he believes he is the right person for the job.
After Phil did a cannonball, water sloshed over the sides of the pool.
After Plato defined a human as a "featherless biped," Diogenes plucked a chicken and brought it into the Academy. "Behold," he said, "a human!"
After Pluto and Eris, Makemake is the third largest dwarf planet.
After Rima delivered, she had to refrain from having sex for six weeks.
After Sami's arrest, life here got back to normal.
After Sami's death, his estate went to Layla.
After Saturday comes Sunday.
After Saul's law license was temporarily suspended, he called each of his clients to inform them he would be taking a brief sabbatical.
After Skura's death, Yanni, the good family man who always put people first was off the leash.
After Sunday comes Monday.
After Thursday comes Friday.
After Thursday, it's Friday.
After Tom and Mary read a few verses from their religious text, they remained noncommittal, but when Tom happened to mention that he had learned a lot from his grandparents about their early life, the missionaries could scarcely contain their excitement.
After Tom and Mary were done with their homework, they played Uno and watched some anime while Mary's mom made some chicken alfredo. And once they ate it all up, they each got ready for bed.
After Tom ate a little food, his strength returned.
After Tom ate, he went to bed.
After Tom broke up with Mary, he joined the army.
After Tom broke up with Mary, he started dating Alice.
After Tom broke up with Mary, he started going out with Alice.
After Tom came in, the conversation died.
After Tom came to learn that he was suffering from laryngeal cancer, his vocal cords were removed, and he now breathes through a hole in his throat.
After Tom died, Mary found the house filled with a jumble of newspapers, children's toys and old holiday decorations. With stoic determination, Mary began to unjumble the attic contents before she put the rest of the house in order.
After Tom dumped Mary, she started seeing John.
After Tom explained it in French, he explained it in English.
After Tom explained it in French, he said the same thing in English.
After Tom finished watering the plants, he sat down on the porch to enjoy the sunset.
After Tom found out that he was suspected of murder, he went on the run.
After Tom found out what it was all about, he quickly lost his interest.
After Tom got fired, he was escorted out to the building by security guards.
After Tom got out of the bath, he ate dinner.
After Tom graduated from high school, he went to Australia.
After Tom graduated from high school, he went to Boston.
After Tom had drunk from her cup, Mary acted as if it had been contaminated for all eternity.
After Tom had drunk quite a bit of beer at the party, he imitated Chewbacca's voice.
After Tom had eaten all the popcorn in the bowl, he went back into the kitchen to pop some more.
After Tom had eaten everything on his plate, he asked Mary if he could eat her salad.
After Tom had eaten his fill, he got up, paid the bill, and went out again into the woods.
After Tom had entered four wrong PIN numbers, the ATM swallowed his card.
After Tom had entered the wrong PIN four times, the cash machine swallowed his card.
After Tom had filled in his genealogical pedigree chart with the information he already knew, the remaining gaps revealed where he'd need to do some research to complete all his ancestral lines.
After Tom had finished watching a movie on TV, he went for a walk.
After Tom had found the fault, he tried to fix it.
After Tom had landed his drone, a lawyer burst out of bushes and handed him a stack of papers.
After Tom left, Mary stayed for a few more days.
After Tom left, we started arguing.
After Tom lost his job, he started to gamble to cope with his depression.
After Tom passed away, Mary went back to her parents' home.
After Tom passed away, Mary went back to her parents’ home.
After Tom replanted the trees, he watered them.
After Tom started crying, Mary started crying, too.
After Tom started studying grammar, his French improved a lot.
After Tom started studying grammar, his French improved quite a bit.
After Tom talked to Anna, his paternal grandmother — making detailed notes about her ancestors and obtaining some basic information about her late husband and his parents — Tom and Mary decided to type out the stories and make up a booklet to present to their children.
After Tom transplanted the trees, he watered them.
After Tom was fitted with a set of false teeth, Mary complimented him on his great smile. "The smile is real, but the teeth are fake," he said, a little self-deprecatingly.
After Tom was promoted to managing director, Mary told him to splurge on the made-to-measure Italian suit he'd always wanted but never before could afford.
After Tom was promoted to the manager of the company, some people quit.
After Tom was punched in the face, the doctor ordered that two x-ray images be taken – a frontal view and a lateral view – to check for broken facial bones.
After Tom wiped the table with a dirty rag, it looked dirtier than before.
After Tom won the Oscar, he thanked his wonderful wife, Mary, as well as his children and parents.
After Tom's brain injury, he had aphasia for almost a year.
After Tom's death, Mary was in deep mourning.
After Tom's dog ate a candy bar, Tom used his smartphone to calculate the level of chocolate poisoning.
After Tom's family moved to Australia, he started wetting the bed again.
After Tom's father died, his mother couldn't cope with looking after the house, so she put it on the market.
After Tom's head injury, he started putting the letter ‘Z’ at the end of every word.
After Tom's house was broken into, the police questioned his neighbors.
After Tom's leg was amputated, he rescued animals with missing limbs.
After Verdi had composed Aida he wrote no more operas for sixteen years.
After World War I, Germany was on its knees.
After World War II, Koreans turned away from Shintoism, animism which originated from Japan.
After World War II, as jet engines gained popularity, aerodynamicists used jet engines to turn the propellers on some aircraft. This propulsion system is called a turboprop.
After World War II, many employers hired women as temporary workers in clerical jobs.
After Yanni checked the depth of the river, he decided against crossing it.
After Yanni discovered that Skura had murdered their daughter, he became very angry and bitter.
After Yanni failed that driving test, he gave up learning how to drive altogether.
After Yanni is done arguing with someone, he just gets it out of his system.
After Yanni's death, his family are still picking up the pieces.
After Ziri converted to Islam, he had an identity crisis.
After Ziri converted to Islam, he went through an identity crisis.
After Ziri finished eating, he helped Rima clean up.
After Ziri married Rima, he found out that she only married him for his property.
After a 12-hour-long shift, all she wanted was to flop onto her bed and hibernate.
After a 20-year French occupation, a Kingdom of the Netherlands was formed in 1815.
After a bad harvest, you have to plant seeds again.
After a baseball game, there's nothing better than a beer.
After a battle casualties are usually heavy.
After a big night out, Tom looked in the mirror and was shocked to see he had a black eye.
After a bit of fumbling, I found the right key.
After a bit of googling, I suspect that what you said may not be true.
After a bit of googling, I suspect what you said may not be true.
After a bit of thought, she gave me an answer.
After a bloody liberation war, Algeria was granted independence from France.
After a border incident involving gluten trafficking, the dictator ordered a full scale invasion.
After a brief break, he continued his work.
After a brief break, he resumed his work.
After a brief fight, they won.
After a brief gathering, it was decided to start the revolt immediately.
After a brief hiatus, he resumed his position at the institute.
After a brief interlude, Caesar decided to join the army once again and left Rome. While he was sailing across the sea, a group of pirates kidnapped him.
After a brief peace, war broke out again.
After a brief speech the mayor fielded questions from reporters.
After a busy few months, she was grateful for the chance to take overtime leave.
After a careful survey of Bennu to characterize the asteroid and locate the most promising sample sites, OSIRIS-REx will collect between 60 to 2,000 grams of surface material with its robotic arm and return the sample to Earth via a detachable capsule in 2023.
After a certain age, life ceases to be a game for grownups.
After a certain age, there remains only regret about those sins that will no longer be committed.
After a certain point, everything became a little more difficult.
After a closer look I immediately called the detective.
After a cold shower, I lay down on the sofa.
After a comma, you use lowercase letters.
After a concussion, he suffered mildly from amnesia.
After a conference in the United States, he decided to write a book for non-scientists.
After a couple of drinks, the guy was feeling no pain.
After a cup of coffee, Kate's head started to hurt.
After a day of visiting the amusement park, the children fell asleep on the car ride home.
After a day spent in your chair, at the desk, among challenges, responsibilities and decisions, what would suit you better than a free hour to loosen up in the steps of rumba, quickstep or tango?
After a decade; I have yet to forget those words.
After a deep sleep I feel very good.
After a dentist killed Zimbabwe's most famous lion, animal-rights activists were angry that he planned to mount the lion's head and sleek, bushy mane on an office wall.
After a dubious meal, Tom wanted to puke.
After a failed soldering job, this computer is a bit less than fixable.
After a family of Jewish settlers moved into Ziri's house in the West Bank, he went to a refugee camp.
After a few chilly days, the heat is back.
After a few chilly days, the hot weather is back.
After a few cool days, the heat has returned.
After a few days, she realized that he lacks in intelligence.
After a few dozen unrequited infatuations, Herb's heart became unbreakable.
After a few dozen unrequited infatuations, Herb’s heart became unbreakable.
After a few drinks, Tom began to open up.
After a few drinks, Tom started singing.
After a few flickers, the light went out.
After a few glasses of wine, my head is spinning.
After a few hours in his tent, Ziri came out and told Rima that he couldn't fall asleep.
After a few hours of careful consideration, the committee was ready to make their recommendations.
After a few hours rest, I took her to the city centre.
After a few hours, I received a call.
After a few hours, Ziri gave in and agreed to do what Rima asked him.
After a few minutes I thought I heard an indistinct murmuring.
After a few minutes of hanging on, the rescue team arrived.
After a few minutes, Daniel's teeth started chattering.
After a few minutes, I began to lose interest in the conversation.
After a few minutes, Igor fell asleep.
After a few minutes, Ziri drove off.
After a few minutes, he arrived at the park.
After a few minutes, the electricity came back on.
After a few minutes, things got weird.
After a few minutes, we arrived at the park.
After a few months of dating, Fadil's true colors emerged.
After a few months of dating, Sami's true colors emerged.
After a few months, he had an audition.
After a few more seconds of silence, John decided to make his opinion known.
After a few seconds' pause, we started talking again.
After a few seconds, Vladimir turned around and saw Anna standing at the door.
After a few surgeries, Ziri was OK.
After a few weeks the mice were able to move their legs again.
After a few weeks the postman was first to taste.
After a few weeks, doctors made Cleveland a new jaw out of hard rubber.
After a few weeks, the effects of the medicine can be felt already.
After a few years, in place of "the international language of Dr. Esperanto", the short name "Esperanto" came into use. Therefore, on this day we celebrate, all over the world, the 125th anniversary of Esperanto.
After a few years, this completely disappeared from my thoughts.
After a five-hour boring drive, Leonid finally arrived in Algiers.
After a flight of 8 days, 3 hours, and 19 minutes, Apollo 11 splashed down in the Pacific Ocean on July 24 at 12:51 E.D.S.T.
After a forced march of 30 kilometres, the recruits were fit to drop.
After a goodbye kiss, Mary glides off towards the women's changing rooms.
After a great deal of hesitation, I accepted his request.
After a great getter, comes a great spender.
After a hard day's work, a man can do with a good, hot meal.
After a hard day’s work, a man can do with a good, hot meal.
After a harrowing interlude in Djibouti, where she says Oromo asylum-seekers were being rounded up and deported because of an agreement with the Ethiopian government, Ranna's smuggler booked her, her mother and her brother on a flight to Indonesia.
After a heart transplant, can one exercise as intensively as a person who has the heart they were born with?
After a hearty dinner, Willie thanked the host.
After a heated discussion, a compromise was adopted. Smokers will be allowed to smoke in the smoking corner.
After a heavy shower, the grass smells very good.
After a hectic few days at work, Tom is looking forward to a change of pace.
After a huge storm, it is possible to collect amber on the shores of the Baltic Sea.
After a hundred years the son of the King then reigning, who was of another family from that of the sleeping Princess, was a-hunting on that side of the country, and he asked what those towers were which he saw in the middle of a great thick wood.
After a late-Sunday afternoon performance at the festival about the fun and misery of going to an orthodontist to get braces on his teeth, he was approached by an elderly woman who said she went to the same orthodontist.
After a lengthy inspection, the tunnel was reopened to traffic.
After a lengthy trial, the woman was sentenced to 5 years in prison for involuntary manslaughter.
After a life-or-death experience, some people claim that they have found new takes on life.
After a lifetime, I reaped the fruits of my labours.
After a light swim, I came up from the water and sat down on the poolside.
After a little time off, I plan to go on another concert tour.
After a little while she brought them in a handbasket, cooked and ready served for him.
After a little while you'll know Esperanto.
After a little while, it became dark.
After a long absence he came back.
After a long absence, he returned home.
After a long absence, she returned home.
After a long and sweaty trek across jagged rocks and through narrow gorges, we eventually reached the edge of the forest, where we paused for a few minutes in the shade of a large birch tree.
After a long argument, I finally gave in.
After a long argument, I finally persuaded her to go camping.
After a long day at work, I love coming home to my cozy and quiet haven.
After a long day at work, I may feel tired.
After a long day at work, nothing feels better than a good hot bath.
After a long day at work, nothing is better than a good night's sleep.
After a long day of looking at a computer, don't you feel tired?
After a long day of shoveling snow, Mark was ready for a hot shower.
After a long day's work, the tired Esperantist goes to sleep.
After a long dispute the coal mines closed and the remaining miners were paid off.
After a long high-speed chase, the police officer shot and killed Tom.
After a long investigation we came to the conclusion that Clinton had a private server, while Trump and Comey had a private dinner.
After a long investigation, the police finally captured the suspected arsonist.
After a long journey we finally arrived.
After a long morning of work, William was happy to have the afternoon off.
After a long night of flirting, Fadil and Layla agreed to meet the following day.
After a long night out with friends, she returned home tired and emotional.
After a long search, we found a satisfactory room.
After a long wait for a response, all the changes were introduced.
After a long wait in line, she was told she should get a certified copy of her birth certificate as identification.
After a long wait, we finally got in.
After a long walk, we reached to summit of the mountain.
After a long war, Greece declared itself independent in 1829.
After a long while, Rodrigo finally left.
After a longer stay in Montreal, Canada as a nanny she began her real film career in Hollywood in 2006.
After a lot of deliberation, I have finally come up with my very own number system that I believe stays true to the philosophy of Toki Pona.
After a lot of hard thinking, I decided to do that.
After a lot of looking, I managed to find the book.
After a lot of problems she managed to learn to drive a car.
After a lot of searching, I managed to find the book.
After a lot of toing and froing, it was decided to wait.
After a lot of toing and froing, they decided to wait.
After a lot of vacillating, I agreed to his request.
After a mad dash down the stairway, I missed my train by a second.
After a marathon session, Magnus Carlsen won the longest game in World Championship history to take a 3.5-2.5 lead against Ian Nepomniachtchi. The game lasted almost 8 hours and 136 moves.
After a meal, scrape any remaining food scraps into the trash or compost.
After a minute of free fall he pulled the rip cord and out came the parachute.
After a minute, Boris knocked again.
After a moment for recollection, I jumped nimbly through the window, straight onto the haystack in the farmyard.
After a moment he peered cautiously through slitted lids.
After a moment, Tom followed.
After a moment, Tom joined him.
After a month or two, you won't remember such minor details.
After a month's stay here I will get much better.
After a month’s stay here I will get much better.
After a particularly bad hangover, he has sworn off alcohol for good.
After a peaceful night's sleep free of dreams, Mary woke up fully refreshed.
After a picnic or outdoor meal, gather all food scraps and dispose of them properly.
After a public inquiry concluded in 2010 that Litvinenko’s murder very probably had been Kremlin-sanctioned, Britain remonstrated with Russian and froze the assets of two Russian suspects.
After a quick break and a snack he felt revitalized.
After a rainy morning the clouds were suddenly parted and a double rainbow appeared in the sky.
After a rough challenge for the ball left him limping, Jackson had to be subbed off.
After a series of economic downturns, consumer confidence is at an all-time low.
After a short break the show was to be resumed...
After a short pursuit, the police caught him.
After a short stint in an elementary school, Yanni became an accountant.
After a short trial, she sentenced the chicken to death.
After a short visit he suddenly got up and took his leave.
After a short visit, he suddenly stood up and said he was leaving.
After a short wait, he was called in.
After a short while the bus left.
After a short while, he began to talk nonsense.
After a short while, the bus left.
After a short, bumpy car ride, he stops at a small grassy field filled with milkweed, Canada thistle and bees.
After a siege lasting ten weeks, the city surrendered.
After a six month period, his leg was healed and is normal again.
After a slow summer season, business began to pick up.
After a sporting career lasting twenty years, this year's Tour de France was his swansong.
After a storm comes a calm.
After a storm comes the calm.
After a streak of bad luck, a persistent gambler will be forced to play for high stakes.
After a stressful day at work, he went home in a bad mood.
After a succession of warm days, the weather became cold.
After a sudden pause in the conversation she unexpectedly said goodbye.
After a ten-hour night trip we arrived home exhausted in the morning.
After a ten-minute break, we resumed our rehearsal.
After a theoretical introduction, the participants work independently in groups to research projects and present the results.
After a thorough search, Anna concluded that the grasshopper had indeed flown out of the window.
After a thousand-year sleep, the dragon woke up.
After a toast, we got to drinking.
After a toast, we started drinking.
After a twenty-year career in sport, this year's Tour de France was his swansong.
After a two hour speech everyone was tired of the soapbox orator.
After a two-year political stalemate, Lebanon has a new president.
After a very long wait, hope becomes reality.
After a war, always, the victorious side is right and the vanquished side is wrong.
After a week I was tired of it.
After a week in Bir town, he went to a homestay in Pulga village where his workstation was often a bench under a fruit-laden tree.
After a week of canvassing the area, the search was abandoned.
After a week of panic buying, the city's grocery stores have mostly bare shelves.
After a week, Tom had well and truly worn out his welcome.
After a week, we received a letter from Tom's sister.
After a while Juss halted and sniffed the air. "I smell new-mown hay," he said, "and flower-scents. Is this my fantasy, or canst thou smell them too?"
After a while he came back with a dictionary under his arm.
After a while he found out the answer.
After a while passion and infatuation ooze away.
After a while she began to play the piano again.
After a while you start reading with greater care and you realize the author’s true meaning.
After a while, I could not help noticing we did not seem to be walking on the path anymore.
After a while, I noticed that only people who had studied Latin were taking part in the debate.
After a while, I noticed that we didn't seem to be walking on the path anymore.
After a while, I noticed that we weren't walking on the path anymore.
After a while, Tom fell asleep.
After a while, Tom joined her.
After a while, Tom joined him.
After a while, Tom started to believe his own lies.
After a while, Ziri calmed down.
After a while, Ziri drifted off to sleep.
After a while, Ziri ran out of options.
After a while, a man in a police uniform arrives.
After a while, at the second bottle perhaps, cheerfulness will supervene, then mirth and garrulity, ending, as the night closes round, with wordy contention and a general brawl.
After a while, corn flakes in milk will become soggy.
After a while, crocodile.
After a while, dressing in the recommended long pants and long sleeved-shirt during a summer hike can really drench your clothes.
After a while, he came to.
After a while, he came.
After a while, his enthusiasm began to flag.
After a while, it became dark.
After a while, it became known that she had found work in a neighbouring village.
After a while, it got dark.
After a while, it grew dark.
After a while, my father got angry and said â€œIt seems your wife will not stoop to being a substitute writer!â€
After a while, my father got angry and said “It seems your wife will not stoop to being a substitute writer!”
After a while, one pleased me more than the rest. He approves of my judgment, swearing that that horse had been desired frequently by many.
After a while, passion and infatuation ooze away.
After a while, she began to believe her own lies.
After a while, the children settled down.
After a while, the little black rabbit sat down, and looked very sad.
After a while, the man came into the room.
After a while, the protesting mob became disorderly.
After a while, the sun set and it became dark.
After a while, they suddenly started calling her â€œthird wifeâ€; at first it was a joke, but it went on to become a habit, to the extent that seniors and juniors, old and young all used â€œthird wifeâ€ as her name. Was this the pivotal moment for disagreement in the family?
After a while, they suddenly started calling her “third wife”; at first it was a joke, but it went on to become a habit, to the extent that seniors and juniors, old and young all used “third wife” as her name. Was this the pivotal moment for disagreement in the family?
After a year in Algeria, he went to the UK to pursue his studies.
After a year of dating, Sami proposed to Layla.
After a year or two, it came to pass that the King's son rode through the forest and went by the tower. Then he heard a song, which was so charming that he stood still and listened. This was Rapunzel, who in her solitude passed her time in letting her sweet voice resound.
After a year she was pregnant.
After a year's practice, she plays the piano after a fashion.
After a year’s practice, she plays the piano after a fashion.
After abandoning Jupiter, Italians lost their power and never ruled the world again.
After about an hour I needed to piss again.
After about an hour of walking in the snow, he fell to the ground exhausted.
After about five drinks, Tom's behaviour becomes unpredictable.
After about five minutes, I began to feel sleepy.
After about four years, Ziri came back home.
After accepting Islam, I developed patience and it became such an important part of my life.
After administering the injection to the test subjects, they all died.
After all I couldn't make heads or tails of her story.
After all I couldn’t make heads or tails of her story.
After all Tom has been through, you'd think he'd be discouraged.
After all Tom has been through, you'd think that he'd be discouraged.
After all day in the sun, Tom had a sunburned nose.
After all his efforts, he also failed this time.
After all is said and done, he was a first-rate novelist.
After all is said and done, we'll get everyone home safely.
After all my objections, she left home.
After all of these years of war, the populace is tired and beleaguered.
After all of this, I need a drink.
After all she did not come.
After all that effort to build it up, you're already going to knock it down? What a waste!
After all that's her field.
After all that, the pain went away.
After all that, we lost, huh?
After all the merrymaking, the apartment was in great disarray.
After all the riddles I told you, I hope you stop taking all these things for granted.
After all the trouble we went to in coming up with that project, it only took them a second to shoot it down in the meeting.
After all these scoldings, you start to see them coming.
After all these years living here, I was never able to belong here.
After all these years, the building is still standing.
After all these years, the house remains unchanged.
After all they came to terms with each other.
After all this, I wouldn't be surprised if you all got expelled.
After all was said and done, Willard's pet walrus severely regretted having moved to the desert.
After all was said and done, we came home empty-handed.
After all we had done, he was still ungrateful.
After all your hard work, how about some cozy cuddles, neko girl?
After all, I am a homeroom teacher.
After all, I was thrilled about the opportunity to work with so many scholars.
After all, I'm a waste of space.
After all, I'm sick and elderly now.
After all, I’m a waste of space.
After all, I’m glad that Tom didn’t come.
After all, Janos is a cop.
After all, Robert was so cute.
After all, Stella was the only person who had the ham.
After all, Tom was your father.
After all, Yanni didn't live in Algeria.
After all, Yanni is the driver.
After all, all that glitters is not gold.
After all, different people have different ways of eating, according to the kinds of food which they have traditionally eaten.
After all, even salesmen are desperate to avoid being targeted for downsizing.
After all, even the gods may err at times.
After all, everything has a limit.
After all, having an erection the entire day is strange, isn't it?
After all, he didn't study abroad for nothing.
After all, he succeeded in passing the exam.
After all, he was a scientist, but mostly he liked dissecting innocent animals.
After all, he was persuaded to run for President.
After all, he's your boss.
After all, how can I help her?
After all, how can I help him?
After all, how can I help it?
After all, how can I help them?
After all, how can I help you?
After all, isn’t the tongue the organ that people speak with?
After all, it is talent that counts in music.
After all, it might be imagination.
After all, it wasn't for nothing that he studied abroad.
After all, it's not about love.
After all, it's reasonable.
After all, it's sure to fail.
After all, it’s sure to fail.
After all, life is just like a dream.
After all, not all that glitters is gold.
After all, nothing remains forever.
After all, pizza goes with everything.
After all, silence is gold.
After all, the play wasn't so bad.
After all, the wrong road always leads somewhere.
After all, their form of transport produces no pollution at all.
After all, they were hard to convince.
After all, this is a guy that tried to kill my dad at one time.
After all, this is the land of diabetes.
After all, we didn't say we'd do it.
After all, we're similar.
After all, with me staring at him all day long it was inevitable that he would start suspecting something.
After all, you barely know each other!
After all, you do want to sell the property.
After all, you had homework to prepare.
After all, you have to look after number one.
After all, you need to work your socks off to get on in life.
After all, you wanted to continue climbing.
After all, you were right.
After all, you yourself said I should press the button.
After all, you're right.
After alluding airily to the Vehmgericht, aqua tofana, Carbonari, the Marchioness de Brinvilliers, the Darwinian theory, the principles of Malthus, and the Ratcliff Highway murders, the article concluded by admonishing the Government and advocating a closer watch over foreigners in England.
After almost a month I still remember the word.
After almost falling, Mary recovered her balance.
After almost three centuries as a Spanish colony, Guatemala won its independence in 1821.
After an absence of seven years, I went home.
After an absence of ten months, he returned home.
After an apple fell on his head, Sir Isaac Newton formulated the law of universal gravitation.
After an avalanche buried the skiing resort, it was hard to determine its exact location.
After an awkward pause, Bill took her by the hand and dragged her upstairs.
After an entire day of marching under the scorching sun, everyone was exhausted.
After an experimental and developmental stage of two years, Globasa was published on July 26th, 2019 with a complete core grammar and 1,000 root words, ready to be put into practice.
After an extensive investigation, Tom was cleared of any wrongdoing.
After an hour of traveling by car, we arrived at the airport.
After an hour of waiting, the launch of the rocket was cancelled.
After an hour's cleaning, the bath was spotless.
After an hour, I parted with them and came back.
After an injury to the reputation, all that's left is resignation.
After an uphill struggle against great odds they finally got the company on its feet again.
After another minute, he took the hot dog out of the pan.
After another moment of silence, the footsteps resumed.
After answering these questions, there are three tips to ensure the essay is well written.
After arguing for two hours, we eventually agreed.
After arguing with his parents, Alberto left his house nervous and ended up suffering a car accident.
After asking for my key at the front desk, I took the elevator to my floor.
After barking at a passer-by, the dog sauntered back to its kennel.
After battling cancer for several years, he finally passed away at the age of 87.
After becoming a powerlifter, Tom noticed that people in general seemed more interested in him.
After being a lifter for 15 years, he decided he wanted to do something else, so he took over coaching Iran's junior team from 2005 to 2007.
After being abandoned for years, the old house went to rack and ruin.
After being accidentally locked in a warehouse in the middle of winter, Tom began to die of hypothermia. In the last stages, he shed his clothes and burrowed into a pile of boxes.
After being away for a long time, Osyp changed markedly.
After being bitten by a centipede, Miroslav immediately washed the bite wound with soap and water to reduce the risk of infection.
After being bitten, Miroslav quickly grabbed the centipede and threw it away.
After being categorized for most of the last 10 years as an unconfirmed exoplanet candidate, scientists in Hawaii were finally able to confirm it as an actual planet.
After being chased out of power, he died in exile in Morocco.
After being considered a rookie for most of her career, she came in from the cold after an upset victory against a legend.
After being divorced for being an abusive narcissist, Steven Crowder blamed divorce laws.
After being exposed to a large amount of radiation, vomiting and diarrhea will start quickly.
After being frightened for many hours, her mother finally came to rescue her.
After being frightened for many hours, her mother finally saved her.
After being gone for two weeks, was the dog really that happy to see me or did he just smell the two pounds of takeout prime rib I was carrying? Or both?
After being here for about a week, he said the shahada and converted to Islam.
After being ill for a long time, Jane turned into a couch potato.
After being in a coma for three weeks, Tom regained consciousness.
After being injured on the job, Tom's initial plan to sue his employer was halted when he was informed that the same law that had required his employer to carry Worker's Compensation Insurance for its employees also defined Tom as a statutory employee, and thus he had no legal right to file a separate tort claim.
After being on the stove for five minutes, steam started coming out the spout of the tea pot.
After being out in the wind and rain for years and years the walls of this apartment building are weather-beaten and brittle.
After being part of some sort of a European union for nearly half a century, it took only a few seconds for Britain to see its departure overwhelmingly approved by the European Parliament.
After being proven innocent, the killer cucumber went into a well deserved retirement in Spain.
After being sworn in Wednesday as Raigarh's mayor, Kinnar — wearing a white sari and pink lipstick, with a large red bindi decorating her forehead — was greeted by cheering supporters who placed marigold garlands around her neck, television footage showed.
After being thrown out with her two young children, Laura had no choice but to squat in an abandoned house to try to survive the cold winter.
After being told, "Please, sit down," I sit in the chair.
After being unfairly sent to prison, all his dreams were over.
After being whipped, the prisoner replied.
After blizzards and hurricanes, many cities see baby booms.
After boiling the pasta, you should drain it in a colander.
After bonding, more ductile epoxy is used to waterproof the bond.
After bouncing along the ground on cushioning airbags for several minutes, the lander emitted strong tones confirming a safe landing, creating jubilation in the mission control room.
After braving perilous seas and navigating through what are now known as the Straits of Magellan, Magellan's small fleet entered an unfamiliar ocean in Nov. 1520. He called this body of water pacific, due to the calmness of the water at the time ('pacific' means peaceful).
After bread, education is the first need of the people.
After breakfast I drink a small cup of coffee and get dressed.
After breakfast, I brush my teeth.
After breakfast, she proceeded to make her cake.
After breakfast, we went for a walk.
After breakfast, we went out for a walk.
After breaking up with his girlfriend he moped around the house for a whole month.
After browsing Craigslist for a few minutes, Diego found a good laptop.
After burning my finger, I submerged it in water.
After business came to a halt, many bathhouses added new facilities, such as saunas and exercise equipment, in an effort to attract customers.
After careful consideration, I have decided not to accept this offer.
After careful consideration, Tom agreed.
After careful consideration, we accepted her proposal.
After careful consideration, we approved the project.
After careful consideration, we chose Tom's plan.
After careful deliberation, the developers decided to use CryENGINE for their upcoming game.
After careful examination, it can be seen that the skull was smashed to pieces.
After catching his breath, Tom decided to continue on his way.
After centuries of being governed directly by the monarchy, Bhutan convened its first democratic elections in 2008.
After centuries of decline, great whales are steadily repopulating their historic breeding and feeding grounds. And they have a healthy appetite. Some commercial fisheries argue the whales are eating too many other fish and taking a big bite from their profits.
After changing the batteries, it began to work again.
After changing the water, Mary washes the mushrooms again.
After checking that your name is on the list, you can drop the envelope in the ballot box.
After checking the details, we chose a furniture company to carry out our order.
After chopping the vegetables, it's important to rinse them under cold water to remove any dirt or debris.
After class is over, our teacher usually sticks around to answer any questions we may have.
After class, I planned to work for a few hours in the library. Instead, I just lied around all exhausted.
After cleaning the dishes, I rinse them.
After cleaning the room, I will watch TV.
After cleaning the windows, there always seems to be a visible trace of dirt.
After cleaning the wound, the nurse applied some antiseptic and covered it with sterile gauze pads to keep it clean and promote healing.
After climbing Everest, he published a book.
After climbing Mt Fuji I got the inspiration for a poem.
After climbing Mt Fuji, I was inspired to write a poem.
After climbing Mt. Fuji, I got the inspiration for a poem.
After closing all the doors, I went to bed.
After closing the bar, Alfredo started counting out the register to see the day's winnings.
After college, Carlos started working for a consulting firm.
After college, she continued her travels—to Russian villages, Irish pubs, Appalachian hollows, all to listen, learn and absorb songs that have been sung for generations, in places where music is woven into everyday life.
After combing the beach for 2 hours with his metal detector, Tom had found the following: 6 bottle caps, 2 pop tabs from soda cans, an old belt buckle, and enough pocket change to buy a pack of gum.
After coming in from the bitter cold, Tom stood in front of the fireplace for a long time warming up his hands and feet.
After coming to Australia, I’ve become aware of many things that are different than in Japan.
After committing the crime, the killer turned himself in.
After completing a bridging course, Tom was able to practise his profession in Australia.
After completing his degree, he returned to Japan.
After completing his studies, he started working at a law firm.
After completing the homework, I reflected on something I had read in Truman's.
After completing the homework, I reflected on something I had read in Truman’s.
After conceding an early goal, we drew level on the half hour. With our raucous home support behind us, we didn't want half-time to come.
After conducting a great deal of research to keep her recipes on budget, she drew up detailed charts listing the per-serving cost of every ingredient. “It was a lot of work,” Kahn says. “I enjoy it because I enjoy numbers, but your average person is probably not going to do this.” But it helped her come up with meals which were healthy, tasty, filling and cheap. One recent dinner, a potato-zucchini-egg frittata cost about a dollar per serving.
After conferring for several hours, they made the agreements public.
After considerable argument, the buyer and the seller finally came to terms.
After consideration, the company president made a large scale change to the management strategy.
After considering your idea for a few days, I don't think it's a workable one.
After consummating their union, she no longer dared to meet his gaze.
After continuing days of warm weather, it became cold.
After cooking a meal, wipe down the stovetop to remove any spills or splatters.
After cooking, it's important to clean the stovetop.
After countless burials of the hatchet, we always dig it up again. There doesn't seem to be any sign of an ever-lasting peace.
After countless burials of the hatchet, we always dig it up again. There doesn’t seem to be any sign of an ever-lasting peace.
After countless calls to the radio and countless newspaper ads in several consecutive days, people flocked to the festival. There are devoured tons of hamburgers that were offered there in abundance, and drunk liters of beer. As a result was a large number of drunks and thus, massive work for the legions of attending paramedics who had already acquired a huge experience of such mass gatherings at countless other parties.
After criticizing everyone in ways that were bordering on insults, Tom switched to the role of victim.
After cutting down the tree, we counted the growth rings to see how old it was.
After cutting habanero peppers, be careful not to rub your eyes.
After cutting the wood, use sandpaper to make it smooth.
After dark clouds, you get periods of refreshing clear weather.
After dawn, he drinks coffee.
After days of battles against the water, the local fire brigade finally gave up its fight to stop flooding in the theater plaza.
After days of warm weather, it became cold.
After death my soul turns into nothing.
After death there is nothing.
After death, the doctor.
After death, there is nothing, and death itself is nothing.
After decades of civil war, order was restored.
After defeat at the Battle of Waterloo, Napoleon was banished to the island of St Helena, where he spent the rest of his life in exile.
After destroying the Temple in Jerusalem, the Roman Empire built a temple to Jupiter in its place on the Temple Mount.
After digressing, he returned to the subject.
After dinner I took a long, hot bath and then went to bed.
After dinner comes the reckoning.
After dinner sit a while, after supper walk a mile.
After dinner we did the washing-up.
After dinner we sat down on the couch.
After dinner, George's dad took him aside.
After dinner, George’s dad took him aside.
After dinner, I did my homework.
After dinner, I did the washing-up.
After dinner, I plan to take a bath and go to sleep.
After dinner, I take a walk on the beach.
After dinner, I walk on the beach.
After dinner, I washed up.
After dinner, Leon watched a Christmas movie in the living room.
After dinner, Mary took her dog for a walk.
After dinner, Mary walked her dog.
After dinner, Tom thanked the host.
After dinner, Tom usually falls asleep.
After dinner, Tom will wash the dishes.
After dinner, a movie announcement is made.
After dinner, bring your guitar along and we'll sing.
After dinner, bring your guitar along and we’ll sing.
After dinner, eaten, let it be confessed, with more haste and less accompaniment of talk than usual, the parlor doors were opened, and there stood the Christmas tree in a glow of light, its wonderful branches laden with all manner of strange fruits.
After dinner, he usually sleeps.
After dinner, he went to sleep.
After dinner, he went to the movies.
After dinner, he'll wash the dishes.
After dinner, she usually sleeps.
After dinner, they enjoyed playing cards.
After dinner, we all go into the living room.
After dinner, we all went into the drawing room.
After dinner, we played cards till eleven.
After dinner, we take a walk on the beach.
After dinner, we took a spin around town in my car.
After dinner, we took a walk on the beach.
After dinner, we're all going into the living room.
After discussing it with my father, I decided to change my job.
After distinguishing himself at school in history and philosophy, he turned to the study of science.
After doctoral research on his favorite insect species—ants—he joined the faculty as a zoology professor in 1956.
After doing my first workout at the gym, my body ached so much that I felt like a paralytic.
After doing quality work, his average has gone up marvellously.
After doing that, I was totally exhausted.
After doing your best, time to rest.
After drinking a couple glasses of wine, Mary spent most of her evening giving deep tissue massages to her four cats.
After drinking all night, Bob was dead to the world.
After drinking the potion that Nemesio offered her, Mary started to feel light and euphoric.
After drinking the tainted tea, Tom and Mary joined John's stupid cult in Australia.
After drinking three bottles of beer, Tom fell asleep.
After drive-throughs started being introduced in the mid-1960s, most fast-food places stopped using carhops altogether.
After driving for eight hours, Tom just couldn't drive any longer.
After dropping Mary at her home, Tom headed back to the office.
After dropping a curtsey, she stood blinking at us with her bleared eyes and fumbling in her pocket with nervous, shaky fingers.
After each blow that life throws at me, I always keep coming back stronger than ever before and I always emerge from them stronger than ever before.
After eating a little, Tom's strength returned.
After eating a morsel, Daphnis retired to rest; but his sleep was not void of tears.
After eating an entire bag of potato chips, Tom felt little remorse.
After eating at the pizzeria, Tom got a case of unholy diarrhea.
After eating cheap sushi, all Tom could think about was brain worms.
After eating dinner, I walked the dog.
After eating dinner, I washed the dishes.
After eating like an aboriginal, Tom's body transformed into a lean and muscular physique without any exercise other than walking.
After eating lunch, they headed for their next destination.
After eating supper, I washed the dishes.
After eating that pâté, my farts smell like dog food.
After eating the bean salad, he had a six and seven-eighths pack.
After eating the ice cream, my stomach began to hurt.
After eating the meal, everyone is tired.
After eating the sturdy meal and packing his school bag, Link wanted to get some last-minute reassurance from his friends. "Hey, Zelda, I need some advice." 
"Don't tell me you're already scared," Zelda frowned. "No. I just want some advice from someone who's been in high school already, and you're the smartest person I know!" Link smiled. Zelda let out a gentle laugh. "Thanks. Well, you—" "The teachers are so strict that you're not even allowed to breathe!" interrupted the King with a wicked grin. "Huh?!" "Father!" the princess exclaimed reproachfully. "Sorry, go on." 
"Now, Link—" She was cut off by the bus horn this time. "Oh, my bus must be around here now," said Link quickly, "byes!" "Beware of the meat hash surprise!" Gwonam seemed to have jumped out from nowhere. "Hey, don't get shot!" added the King, and both of them sniggered. Link was taken aback and looked highly upset for a moment, but Zelda was there to support him: "Don't pay attention to 'em, Link. It's not that bad. I'm sure—" "Zelda, don't worry. I'll be fine." In an instant Link was back to being his beaming self. "Alright. Give me a goodbye kiss." However, Link was of a different mind on this idea and replied snidely, with teenage cruelty, "Hell no, screw that! I gave up on your royal ass years ago. I still love you though," added he as an afterthought before leaving the castle. "Yeah, I don't know what she's worried about. I'm going to be alright!" he thought confidently as he got on the bus.
After eating three dishes of ice cream, Tom had a stomachache.
After eating, I get a stomachache.
After eating, I go to bed.
After eating, the first thing I do is brush my teeth.
After eating, we walked to the park and had fun watching people enjoying themselves.
After eating, we went outside to skate.
After eating?
After eight months passed and his broken heart healed, George eventually started dating girls again.
After eight months, he eventually started dating girls again.
After eight years of Bush the election of Obama was, for many, a breath of fresh air.
After eight years of work, a channel had been gouged through the mountain.
After eleven in the morning of the 18th of February of 2022, I was eating and drinking at the pizzeria. Some customers entered. Notable was a young dark-haired long-haired bearded man with a dark-green jacket, blue jeans, and red running shoes. A boy and his dad, a round-headed chubby muscular man in a black T-shirt and grey rugby pants, entered.
After eleven seconds they can cross the street.
After eliminating cash, we'll get credit points–a worldwide prison.
After ensuring that the telescope’s two solar arrays and antennas had properly deployed, he released it to fly free.
After evacuating their homes, she and her family sought refuge in a shelter for two days.
After every big snowfall, the students trudge through deep snow to school.
After every evil, good always appears. No evil does not always cause good.
After every hardship comes relief.
After every lesson, Ziri went out to enjoy a short walk.
After everyone left, Tom opened the letter.
After everyone left, he remained, friendless.
After everyone took their places, the sacrament begins.
After everything Ziri and Rima have been through, they're finally together.
After examining the bear at leisure, I made a rush on him.
After examining the picture of the oddly constructed waterways, Tom finally determined it to be an optical illusion.
After exchanging greetings, he turns towards the girl behind the bar and orders a drink.
After exclaiming about how lazy I was, my mother hit me.
After experiencing VR, I immediately cancelled the game I was developing and began working on a VR game instead.
After experiencing several acute psychotic episodes, Mary was admitted to a mental institution.
After experiencing symptoms for the first time this morning, I tested positive for COVID-19 shortly thereafter, and will now quarantine for the next 10 days.
After experimenting in their garage workshops, they created new, natural composite materials.
After extensively studying the quake and its aftermath, scientists say the rupture is unprecedented.
After eye surgery, George put in eye drops every fifteen minutes.
After failing to make the Olympic team, Tom retired from fencing.
After failure comes success.
After fall comes winter.
After falling down, Nicolás was left down on the pavement, without the strength to pick himself up.
After falling off his bike, Tom writhed around on the ground in pain.
After falling victim to clickbait, my computer caught a virus.
After fifteen years at a building firm, Bill Pearson was given the responsible position of area manager.
After fifteen years of no service, the bathrooms looked like a torture chamber.
After fifth grade in primary school I would spend my summer vacations as their apprentice.
After figuring out the phone, Tashi was shown a computer and was enthralled by the curser on the screen.
After filling your pipe with tobacco, tamp it down with your thumb, but don't pack it too tightly.
After filling your pipe with tobacco, tamp it down with your thumb, but don’t pack it too tightly.
After finding out where Tom had gone, I went looking for him.
After finishing a meal, clear your plate and utensils from the table.
After finishing chapter five, William was eager to see what would happen next.
After finishing eating, one must say, "Thanks for the food."
After finishing her bath, Mary dried herself off and put on her dressing gown.
After finishing his examinations, my brother is enjoying skiing to his heart's content.
After finishing his examinations, my brother is enjoying skiing to his heart’s content.
After finishing lunch, we went skating.
After finishing my homework, I watched TV.
After finishing the juice, he moved the glass out of the way.
After finishing university, he became a cameraman.
After finishing up at the university, he said to hell with everything and dedicated himself to a contemplative life.
After five brutal rounds, the judges could not split the two fighters, and the bout was declared a draw.
After five hours on the hot sand, he began to see something on the horizon that looked like a desert mirage.
After five hundred metres, turn left.
After five minutes, William finally left.
After five pints, he couldn't walk straight.
After five rings, Gunter picked up.
After five rings, Lorenzo picked up in a groggy voice.
After five shots, they hit the target.
After five years in the special forces, I quit.
After five years of hard work, Elias made it to that position.
After flying above the safe zone, the airplane went into unidentified air space.
After fortifying the house, no zombie had a chance of getting in.
After forty days, Yanni was released without ever being charged.
After four hours in the museum we're tired.
After four hours in the museum we’re tired.
After four hours, the bus finally arrived.
After four minutes of running, Ziri had to stop to catch his breath.
After four months in Algeria, the couple decided to move to Tunisia.
After four months, Donald was stronger and happier.
After four months, Yanni and Skura's honeymoon ended.
After four years of marriage, Yanni and Skura had two adorable children.
After four, call Ziri.
After further consideration, I'm now against the proposal.
After gaining independence from Pakistan in the 1971 Liberation War, Bangladesh emerged as an independent state on the world map.
After gardening, I have to use a nail brush to clean the dirt off my fingernails.
After getting a taste of selling old clothes at a high price on the flea market, she finally set up her recycling shop.
After getting an F, Tom curled up into a ball in the corner of a room and tried to find a happy place.
After getting downsized he started off on a clean slate and started a business working out of a home office.
After getting his doctorate, Tom joined an oil company’s research team investigating carbon sequestration.
After getting married, my wife put on five pounds.
After getting off the train, he looked for a telephone box.
After getting out of the shower, Tom wiped the fog off the mirror and shaved.
After getting through customs, I was free to go wherever I wanted.
After getting up, Mary took a bath.
After going for a walk, we went to the pictures and then on to the park.
After going through the washing machine, his Swiss passport looked like Swiss cheese.
After going to three different stores, Chloe finally found some flour at a small neighborhood market.
After going to three different stores, Tom finally found what he was looking for.
After graduating from college my brother went to the United States for the purpose of doing further research.
After graduating from college, Tom moved to Boston.
After graduating from university, he returned to Japan.
After graduating high school in Germany, Brinkmann spent a year in Edinburgh, Scotland, before attending the University of Siegen.
After graduating this summer, Deprey plans to move to New York City, where she will start in a full-time software engineering position with the file-hosting service Dropbox.
After graduating, Johnson plans to intern at D.E. Shaw Group this summer as a hybrid quantitative researcher.
After graduating, Tom enlisted.
After graduating, she became a journalist at a press agency.
After graduation he will engage himself in study.
After graduation, I thought it was time to travel abroad to perfect my language skills but I had no money.
After graduation, Tom decided to find work in Panama.
After grandma stopped eating gluten, wheat, and grains, she had more energy and no longer needed to take afternoon naps.
After growing and multiplying, the flatworms leave the snail and re-enter the lake or stream.
After half-time the home team slowed the pace of the game.
After handing me two pieces and then two more, my opponent took three pieces of mine and made a king, winning the game.
After hardening, you can use your new vase to hold flowers.
After hardship comes ease.
After harmful bacteria are removed the filtered water is disinfected with chemicals.
After having a long conversation for the first time in ages, my throat was in bad condition.
After having anal sex with my boyfriend, we usually need to have a good wash.
After having anal sex with my girlfriend, we usually need to have a good wash.
After having been together for a month, Tom proposed to Mary. A month later, he wanted a kid. Then he made Mary quit her job.
After having breakfast, she put on her coat and then went out.
After having caught sight of her, he fell into a huge confusion of thoughts, was motionless and, in short, turned to stone.
After having eaten our meals, we visit IKEA's furniture department.
After having eaten some soup, Stephen, having gone back up to the narrow bedroom that he was going to occupy under the roof, had collapsed on his bed fully clothed and overcome by fatigue.
After having experienced many failed relationships, Mary finally met Tom.
After having experienced many failed relationships, Tom finally met Mary.
After having finished my studies, I became a teacher.
After having fought many hard battles, we were able to bring home the bacon and set up a new government.
After having lunch, I feel like sleeping.
After having opened his cage the lion escaped.
After having read for two hours, he feels tired.
After having read for two hours, he felt tired.
After having read the economic white paper, I am beginning to see the light on our financial standing.
After having run for two hours he was thirsty..
After having spent so much money on Christmas gifts, she found herself in a tough spot.
After having sustained his injury, Tom was no longer selected for the first team.
After having visited the school, I decided to take the job as a teacher that was offered there.
After having walked six kilometers, he felt tired.
After he ate, Tom went to bed.
After he awoke, he realized that he was on a desert island.
After he became a man, he risked his life more than once in saving the lives of others, and it was a notable fact that many of the antagonists of his boyhood became, at last, his most intimate friends.
After he bumped into the shelf, the priceless china fell and shattered into fragments.
After he came back from service in Afghanistan, Tom was plagued by flashbacks and nightmares.
After he came to, it took him a moment to realise where he was.
After he came, the party started.
After he converted to Islam, Sami changed his name.
After he converted to Islam, he felt welcome in that community.
After he converted to Islam, he gave up a lot of his bad habits.
After he converted to Islam, he started looking at the world differently.
After he converted to Islam, he stopped drinking.
After he died, everybody was relieved.
After he died, my life was turned upside down.
After he divorced Skura, Yanni was free to start a new life with Nuja.
After he dropped his phone, it stopped working.
After he fell on the stage, the singer won the support of the public.
After he finished repairing the engine, there were a few parts left over.
After he finished supper, he began to read the novel.
After he got a girl's phone number, the guy would always saunter back to his seat.
After he got drunk in the beef barbecue restaurant, he vomited all over the place.
After he had a talk with friends, he felt much better.
After he had crossed all the seas of the world, he drowned in a glass of water.
After he had done his homework, he watched TV.
After he had done his homework, he went to bed.
After he had eaten it, he got sick.
After he had finished his homework, he went out for a walk.
After he had finished his work, he would read and study by the fireside.
After he had found her phone number, he called her up.
After he had given a lecture, he had an interview with some students.
After he had graduated from the university, he taught English for two years.
After he had slept a bit, he woke up to loud voices.
After he had watered the garden, he coiled the hose and put it into the shed.
After he heard the news, Tom was in seventh heaven.
After he left prison, he moved to another city in order to start a new life.
After he left school, he went to London.
After he left, she started feeling uneasy.
After he received the letter, he burned it without even reading it.
After he retired, he went quickly downhill.
After he said it, he was ashamed.
After he spat me on my face, I walked away in disbelief.
After he stated his belief that prostitution was the oldest profession in the world, he refused to change his mind.
After he turned the key, the car engine ignited.
After he was chosen as consul, Scipio was sent to Africa.
After he was dead, and all his brethren, and all that generation, the children of Israel increased, and sprung up into multitudes, and growing exceedingly strong they filled the land.
After he was injured in an accident, he could no longer walk.
After he was released from the psychiatric hospital, Dan continued to suffer severe mood swings and erratic behavior.
After he was sacked, Tom was escorted from the building by security guards.
After he was sacked, Tom was escorted out of the building by security guards.
After hearing about what happened, Tom was angry.
After hearing his twentieth rant about my mowing the lawn at 6pm, I began to seethe with anger.
After hearing the bad news, she fainted.
After hearing the bad news, she passed out.
After hearing the news, she cheered up.
After hearing the sad news, Tom broke down in tears.
After hearing the sad news, she broke down in tears.
After hearing the terrible news, she cried.
After hearing the tragic news, he went outside to be alone.
After hearing what happened, Janos was pissed.
After heavy rain, the grass gives off a very good smell.
After helpings of Sue Smith's fried catfish and rhubarb pie, Ms. Bruce, and anyone else from Chase County who has the nerve, gather around keyboardist Bones Ownbey.
After her accident, Mary relied on a walking frame to get about.
After her accident, Mary relied on a walking frame to move about.
After her death, he became more and more depressed.
After her death, he sank into a depression.
After her death, he sunk into depression.
After her dermatologist explained that the mole was potentially cancerous, Julia decided that it was better to be safe than sorry and made an appointment to have her beauty mark surgically removed.
After her diet, Mary's old trousers fitted her again. She was very pleased about that.
After her divorce, Mary went back to using her maiden name.
After her divorce, Skura started to see men differently.
After her fall, Mary felt terrible for a whole week.
After her first date with Tom, Mary was distracted all day, couldn't concentrate on her classes and didn't feel hungry.
After her graduation from college, she went over to the United States.
After her graduation, she returned to Japan.
After her husband died, her baby was all in all to her.
After her husband's death, she brought up the four children by herself.
After her husband's death, she brought up the two children all by herself.
After her husband’s death, she brought up the four children by herself.
After her husband’s death, she brought up the two children all by herself.
After her maternity leave, she resumed her old job.
After her mother died of breast cancer, she was always so worried that she, too, would get it.
After her mother's lecture, Mary looked suitably chastened.
After her parents died, she was sent to an orphanage.
After her physical training session, she rewarded herself with some ice cream.
After her sickness, she's only a shadow of her former self.
After her sickness, she’s only a shadow of her former self.
After her surgery, the patient needed an ostomy bag to collect waste from her intestine that was redirected through an opening in her abdominal wall.
After her third marriage, Sophia came to the conclusion that all men are the same.
After her uncle brought back stickers, postcards and a space-themed jigsaw puzzle from NASA’s Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Florida, Curran became hooked on the American space agency.
After high school, Divo became a hairstylist, working at salons in the Washington area for some 25 years.
After high school, Fadil and Layla thought it was the right time to strike out on their own.
After high school, he went to college and studied to be a minister, like his father.
After his accident, he is happy to be alive.
After his argument, they expelled him from the club.
After his bankruptcy, he wasn't able to get back on his feet.
After his blood, the best thing a man can give of himself is a tear.
After his brother was killed by a rival gang, Tom planned revenge.
After his change of heart, the former miser became unstinting in his generosity to the poor.
After his colonoscopy, Tom learned that he had cancer. The surgeon cut out and removed the part of his sigmoid colon in which a tumour had been growing, and with staples she fashioned a new splice from the two shorter and cut-through ends. Because of his good health, he healed quickly and after only three days was discharged from the hospital.
After his death he started to decay.
After his death, he became famous.
After his death, he sank into a depression.
After his death, he was sainted.
After his death, his paintings were hung in the museum.
After his dinner break, Dan left to pick Linda up from the gym.
After his dismissal, he analyzed the whole situation, embraced it, and decided to move on. And now, as far as I know, he has got quite a lucrative business.
After his divorce with Layla, Sami's whole life was in shambles.
After his father died, Tom started drinking heavily.
After his father died, he had to study by himself.
After his father's death, John took to spending his time in bars.
After his father's death, Tom started drinking heavily.
After his father's death, he took care of the store.
After his father's passing, Ziri was a mess for a year or two.
After his father’s death, John took to spending his time in bars.
After his first week home, Francis (2nd from right) could finally join his roommates for the living room games that kept them sane while they were quarantined with coronavirus symptoms and he was in the hospital.
After his first week home, Francis could finally join his roommates for the living room games that kept them sane while they were quarantined with coronavirus symptoms.
After his flight, the space tourist said the mission to the international space station fulfilled a lifelong dream.
After his heart attack, Jim had to cut down on his sugar intake.
After his hip surgery, the doctor recommended that Tom use a cane to help support his weight and prevent falls while walking.
After his injury, Tom was no longer picked for the first team.
After his kids went to bed, he spent his nights alone.
After his knee repair, he could walk without pain.
After his near-death experience, Tom was a much more loving and less judgemental person.
After his parents moved abroad, he was enrolled in a boarding school where he stayed during the entire academic year.
After his parents' death he was brought up by his aunt.
After his parents’ death he was brought up by his aunt.
After his speech a standing ovation ensued.
After his successes in America, the boss put him in a backwater for fear of being overtaken by him.
After his successful space flight, the Soviet Union paid its official thanks to Yuri Gagarin. There was a six-hour parade through Red Square, followed by a ceremony at the Lenin Mausoleum where Gagarin was greeted by General Secretary Nikita Khrushchev.
After his wedding, Alain left his small, moldy apartment and led an extravagant life.
After his wife died, he became withdrawn.
After his wife died, he lived for quite a few more years.
After his wife left him, Harold went nuts.
After honey, beeswax is the second most important hive product from an economic standpoint.
After horses ran a long race, their feet were hot. So the animals stood in water to cool their feet.
After hours of browsing TV Tropes, Lyle could predict the ending of any show. This gave him a distaste for entertainment that, in a roundabout way, enabled him to make time for a more productive life.
After hours of consideration, we decided to reject the proposed plan.
After hours of discussions, we finally reached a compromise.
After hours of torture, Ivan started to talk.
After hours of walking, they stopped to pray in a church.
After hours of work, we were all worn out.
After hours, the waitresses sit on the countertops, eat pickles, and share brownies.
After hugging Tom, Mary picked up her suitcase and left.
After independence, Ziaur Rahman was appointed in Comilla as the brigade commander of the army.
After infant school, I went to junior school.
After infant school, Rima and Skura went to junior school.
After infant school, Rima went to junior school.
After infant school, Ziri and Rima went to junior school.
After infant school, Ziri went to junior school.
After infant school, he went to junior school.
After infant school, she went to junior school.
After infant school, they went to junior school.
After infant school, we went to junior school.
After inspecting the farm, he went to see the goats and their young herdsman.
After introducing himself as Kalman, the man made small talk with Olivia.
After introductory explanations, we entered a seminar room where we were not only informed about Chinese natural medicine, but also had it demonstrated to us in practice.
After inventory, there was a net balance of three hundred pesos.
After it had been unhooked and was being exultantly inspected by the younger and exhibited for the admiration of the older boy, the fish gave a sudden wriggle, slipped through the hands of its captor, and fell back into the river.
After it has been raining, the smell of the eucalyptus intensifies and streams in through the window.
After it rains and the ground is damp, it's easier to pull weeds.
After it rains and the ground is damp, it’s easier to pull weeds.
After it rains the air is fresh.
After it stopped raining, she went out for a walk.
After it was Tom's turn to cook, the Antarctic station smelled like garlic for three months.
After it was all over, Mary lived quietly in a small apartment overlooking the Mediterranean.
After it was washed in hot water, the wool sweater shrank quite a bit.
After its drubbing at the polls, the party has to reinvent itself.
After killing Tom, Mary buried him in a shallow grave.
After killing Tom, Mary escaped through the window.
After kissing Chloe, and paying his adorations in the grotto, he went down to the sea, pretending that he intended to bathe, and walked along the sands close to the surf looking for the money.
After kissing Mary, Tom left for work.
After kissing Tom, Mary forgot to wipe her lipstick off his face.
After knocking twice, the police had no choice but to break the door down.
After knowing Ziri's address, Rima immediately decided to send a letter.
After landing, he headed straight to the car rental office to finalize the reservation.
After landing, the spoilers are used like air brakes to reduce any remaining lift and slow down the airplane.
After launch, Parker Solar Probe will detect the position of the Sun, align the thermal protection shield to face it and continue its journey for the next three months, embracing the heat of the Sun and protecting itself from the cold vacuum of space.
After learning a second language, Tom began to second guess prepositions in his own tongue.
After learning of the confirmed and suspected COVID-19 cases, the apartment property manager sanitized all common areas.
After leaving prison, the very first thing I wanted to do was eat at my favorite restaurant.
After leaving the office, he went to the restaurant.
After leaving you at the station I went for a charming walk through some admirable Surrey scenery to a pretty little village called Ripley, where I had my tea at an inn.
After less than a year of creating comedy on YouTube fulltime, the Chinese-American team is attracting a large following.
After less than a year of dating, Tom dropped to one knee and proposed to her.
After letting it simmer on low heat for thirty minutes, it'll be ready.
After listening to Dan's voice on the phone, Linda started crying.
After listening to an Arabic song for ten seconds, Dima finally heard a familiar voice say, "As-Salamu Alaykum!"
After listening to an Arabic song for twenty seconds this time - for if he listened for ten this would be a duplicate sentence - Dima finally heard a familiar voice say, "As-Salamu Alaykum!"
After listening to each text, write a short report.
After living in Moscow for ten years, Tom became Russified.
After long consideration, Beth decided to major in mechanical engineering.
After long reflection, I decided to take things as they come.
After long years of unhappiness, she divorced him.
After looking at the research, most of us conclude that vaccines are a good thing.
After looking through your file, we ask that you excuse us for any inconveniences caused.
After losing a bet, Tom dressed up as a princess for Halloween.
After losing his first defamation lawsuit against Amber Heard, Johnny Depp venue-shopped until he could find the court most likely to rule in his favor, then sued Amber Heard there in an utter spectacle of a kangaroo court.
After losing his job, he went through a very difficult time.
After losing the election, he decided to run again in four years.
After losing too much bodily fluid, Tom began to hallucinate and believe he was in the opulent interior of the Titanic.
After losing weight, she felt better.
After lunch I got into bed a bit, not because I was tired but to rest my back.
After lunch I rest a bit in front of the TV.
After lunch today, our plan is to take a walk in the park.
After lunch we have two more classes.
After lunch we went to ski.
After lunch, I always eat an avocado.
After lunch, I returned to the office.
After lunch, let's go swimming.
After lunch, my father usually watches TV.
After lunch, set out for the next destination.
After lunch, the boys went fishing.
After lunch, the gentleman finished his cup of coffee and sat down on the sofa, placing behind him a pillow – the type found in Russian taverns that instead of soft, flexible wool, would be filled with something alarmingly similar to bricks and cobbles.
After lunch, they usually have a nap.
After lunch, we all boarded the bus and headed to our next destination.
After lunch, we put on our packs and started hiking again.
After lunch, we took a nice nature walk.
After lunch, we went shopping.
After lunchtime on the drizzling 28th of February of 2022, walking outside, I saw my corpulent white neighbour in black, as he walked, reminding me of fat Maitreya Buddha. At the main road, my stocky Mediterranean neighbour in jeans hosed his car tire. In the pizzeria, I had mushroom greens chicken pizza and a black effervescent drink. There were many handsome students, with titillating hairy legs.
After lurking for a minute, the crocodile quickly sprang toward the young hippopotamus and ate it.
After lying down for a short while, my stomach ache calmed down.
After making and tasting authentic macaroons, I still don't understand why some people love them.
After making red curry, the kitchen looked like there had been a ritual slaughter.
After making sure she was sound asleep, he crept out of the room and set off.
After making sure the cave is not boobytrapped, a swarm of soldiers start hauling away the war booty.
After manual labour, you may all go home.
After many hardships, he now lives in comparative ease.
After many long years of travel through many countries, he returned to his home town.
After many months, it has rained heavily here.
After many sacrifices we have finally reached our goal.
After many years of being a lawyer, my friend started her career over from scratch and became a video game developer.
After many years of continuous warfare, the country of Collea was left in shambles.
After many years of hard work, Tom was able to pass the bar exam.
After many years of meditation, I have come to the conclusion that for every person, the meaning of life consists precisely in this: to find the meaning of life. I am talking about a unique, specific meaning for the individual life. All of us are unique individuals. And all of us carry a potential inside of ourselves for finding and accomplishing a unique mission in our lives.
After many years of meditation, I've come to the conclusion that for each person, the meaning of life consists precisely in finding the meaning of life. Each of us is a unique individual. And each of us has in themselves the potential to find and fulfill a unique mission in their life.
After many years of reflection, I came to the conclusion that for every human, the meaning of life consists exactly in: to find the meaning of life. Each of us is a unique individual. And each of us carries in himself the capacity to find and fulfill a unique mission in his lifetime.
After many years of study and teaching, as well as ongoing consultation with fellow members of the prestigious Academy of Esperanto, a Swedish Esperantist has now compiled the fifteenth edition of a thoroughgoing, consistent grammar that accurately describes the salient features of the international language.
After many years of thinking, I came to a conclusion that everyone's meaning of life is actually to find the meaning of life. Every one of us is a unique individual. And every one of us has his own capability to find in his life one particular mission to fulfill.
After many years of trying to get the man of her dreams, Barbara decided to give up all hope and to accept marrying Lucian.
After mature reflection, I've decided to accept their offer.
After mature reflection, I’ve decided to accept their offer.
After meals, sweep any crumbs or food particles from the floor.
After menopause, women still want intercourse, but it becomes more intimate.
After midnight on the 13th of March of 2022, I cooked a soup snack of instant noodles with pieces of cabbage, asparagus, and dried anchovies which my brother gave me for my birthday some weeks ago. I drank coffee. I prepared my books for a review of my Brazilian Carioca accent in Portuguese and of Russian phonology. When I heard from afar people speaking either of these two languages, I often mistook it for the other. These languages were funny in the way the vowels "squished" or "bloated" like rubber, depending if they were unstressed or stressed. Afterwards, I ate chocolate-laced Italian biscotti. In the drizzling morning after 10 o'clock, I walked to the pizzeria. On the way, on the other side of the main road, running in the opposite direction, was a little stocky boy with dark hair. At the pizzeria, I ate two slices and drank a diet black cola. A couple of city punks with a skateboard visited the Lulu Island suburban pizza parlour. A basketball game was in progress on the big screen, with the sound off. At home, I practiced my Brazilian Carioca accent, as I read aloud the novel Os filhos de Matusalem, or Methuselah's Children, by Robert Heinlein.
After midnight, the Milky Way really starts to show.
After migrating from the Philippines, she cleaned houses, washed dishes and babysat for wealthy families so that she could send money to her own family back home.
After millions of years the sand turned into sandstone. With more time and pressure the sandstone was then squished and cooked into quartzite.
After months in Algiers, Yanni's criminal past caught up with him.
After months of effort, passing that exam brought him immense joy.
After months of fighting, Tom and Mary decided to call it quits.
After months of hunting, Mary finally bought herself a new dress.
After months of looking, Mary purchased a new dress.
After months of manifestations, the president came to the conclusion that the best choice was to leave the country.
After months of negotiations, the peace treaty was completed.
After months of testing, a European space telescope finally begins its work studying far-off planets.
After months of waiting, the judge finally gave the eviction order. The squatters would have to leave the old lady's home.
After months spent looking for one, Mary finally bought herself a new dress.
After more than a century of persecuting Jews as communists and claiming "communists killed Jesus," Christians are now claiming Jesus was a communist who was killed by Jewish capitalists.
After more than a century of servitude under French colonization, Algeria gained its independence in 1962.
After more than eighty years and many failed attempts, the first truly successful German translation of the text is available.
After more than three decades together, Kay and Arnold are in a rut with the same routine day after day.
After much consideration, Beth decided to study mechanical engineering.
After much consideration, we accepted his offer.
After much convincing, Tom agreed.
After much debate, Congress passed the bill.
After much debate, it was decided that to be a planet in our solar system, an object must be in orbit around the Sun, have enough mass so that it has become round in shape due to its own gravity, and have cleared out its orbital path around the Sun.
After much debate, we decided to spend our holidays in Spain.
After much deliberation, Kelly decided to purchase the venetian blind instead of the persian blind.
After much effort, he ended up with a contract.
After much exertion, he was exhausted.
After much negotiation, the two sides in the dispute reached a compromise.
After much reflection, I decided not to accept the offer.
After much resistance even the battle tested warrior realized their horse was not match in the battles that would surely come. They had no means to match the overwhelming and surmountable odds they faced.
After much thought, she bought the house.
After much thought, the thief decided to confess.
After much toing and froing, it was decided to wait.
After multiple assissination attempts, Hitler's inner circle became smaller.
After muttering a few Berber expletives, Yanni got up and left.
After my childhood, I was never sick again.
After my conversion to Islam, my life has become better.
After my conversion to Islam, my life has been much better.
After my election, there was talk of a post-racial America. And such a vision, however well-intended, was never realistic.
After my father took his last breath, I had to phone my aunt in Germany and when I told her that he died, she corrected me: he passed on.
After my graduation, I'd like to go to Shanghai, in order to study China's history.
After my husband's death I walked around like a zombie.
After my husband’s death I walked around like a zombie.
After my leg heals, I'll be able to move around again.
After my liberation I only stopped a day at Corfu in order that I might lose no more time, though I really wished to tarry there a little longer, the people were so kind.
After my mother died suddenly, my father looked after me all by himself.
After my mother's death, may the name of woman disappear.
After my sister saw me learning French, she said she wanted to give it a go, too.
After my sixth business failed, my friends and family mocked me and kicked me mercilessly when I was depressed.
After my surgery, I was given a suture removal kit by the hospital staff and was instructed on how to use it to remove the stitches at home.
After my teacher corrects them, my sentences become much more beautiful.
After my walk, it’s back home to make dinner -- another therapeutic activity I enjoy immensely -- and then I park myself in front of the TV with my husband to watch a movie or a few episodes of a favorite television series.
After my work mate quit his job he moved to Shanghai to teach English.
After my work, I will pick you up from your workplace.
After naming his successor, he died.
After nearly collapsing, the U.S. auto industry has added nearly 250,000 jobs—the fastest pace of job growth in more than a decade.
After one last flicker, the candle went out.
After one or two large factories have been built in or near a town, people come to find work, and soon an industrial area begins to develop.
After only 36 months, Koko could use 184 signs.
After only a little time writing my hand is sore.
After only a year her breast implants started to leak and she had to have them removed.
After opening its cage, my parakeet flew away.
After opening, please eat as soon as possible.
After our Eurowings flight landed, we entered Terminal 3 at Rome’s Fiumicino airport. Uniformed officers shouted at us to keep a distance from each other, and we all were told to stand in line so our temperatures could be taken.
After our bus from Toronto to Boston had at last entered the station, we quickly got off.
After our dinner we walked up to the foot of the cascade, along the margin of the transparent stream, which meandered amongst great boulders of rock; at the foot we found the rocks rose almost perpendicularly from a charming little basin, into which the stream from above and the spray from below mingled with a most melodious sound, so pleasant to the ear at any time, but how much more to our drought-accustomed senses; continually sounding like the murmur in the sea-shell, which, as the poets say, remembering its ancient and august abode, still murmurs as it murmured then.
After our first attack, the enemy fled.
After our noisy party the other night, we had a lot of angry neighbors.
After pain comes joy.
After parting from me, he approached the station.
After patiently listening to the audience's complaints, the judges changed the results.
After patiently listening to the audience’s complaints, the judges changed the results.
After pay withholding tax, please send the tax paid receipt in PDF format.
After paying monthly for ten years, they paid off the loan balance in a lump sum payment.
After paying the electric bill, the phone bill and the gas bill, I was broke.
After playing a stone, never try to move it to another position. No stone can be moved after being played.
After playing a theremin, all other instruments make you feel like you're in a straitjacket.
After playing a theremin, all other instruments make you feel like you’re in a straitjacket.
After playing golf, we enjoy drinks in the new clubhouse.
After playing in the yard, gather any outdoor toys and bring them inside.
After playing outside, the first thing you should do is wash your hands, my little explorer.
After playing so badly for the entire game, the team walked off with their tails between their legs.
After playing tennis all summer, I've acquired considerable skill.
After playing with toys or games, remember to put them away.
After pleasure comes pain.
After polishing his shoes, Tom brushed his teeth and combed his hair.
After poring over 56 years of data, the researchers found that a magnetic map is responsible for providing sockeye salmon with their keen sense of direction which guides them home, even when they’ve been away at sea for years.
After pouring drinks, Tom put the bottle down in front of Mary.
After practicing for a year, she is barely able to play the piano.
After preparing a meal, wash and put away all the dishes you've used.
After preparing a meal, wipe down the counter to remove any spills.
After publishing the results, the scientific team received unfounded public criticism.
After putting on so much weight, Tom couldn't fit into his suit to wear to Mary's funeral.
After putting up this bloody Ikea wardrobe, I found myself with three screws in my hand, and no idea where they were meant to go.
After quickly looking over the exam before turning it in, I realized I forgot to answer one of the questions.
After quite some time, I learned how to cut a pineapple into slices.
After rain comes fair weather.
After rain comes nice weather.
After rain the smell of the eucalyptus intensifies and streams in through the window.
After rain, the pavements are covered in leaves.
After reading Mary's letter, Tom burst out crying.
After reading Mary's letter, Tom started crying.
After reading Tom's forum post, Mary resisted the impulse to post a crude reply.
After reading Tom's letter, Mary burst out crying.
After reading Tom's letter, Mary started crying.
After reading all of his stories, Christopher Columbus became one of my favorite heroes.
After reading books and talking to other growers, the couple learned how to make soil, grow plants, capture rainwater, and trap urban heat.
After reading his books I feel I can construct a house.
After reading it, you have to sign it.
After reading millions of sentences in Latin, the machine began to understand how this language works.
After reading that book, he became more open to embrace Islam.
After reading the article about the atrocities in Bosnia, my memory returned and made everything seem like it happened yesterday.
After reading the book, the image of that Bonapartist hero flitted into his mind many times.
After reading the letter, he did not say a single word. As I have thought, I didn't get my feeling across.
After reading the short story, the students wept.
After reading this, I'm starting to understand.
After realizing copulation, the female praying mantis usually devours the male.
After receiving a bachelor’s degree in history, he served in the U.S. Navy on active duty for five years.
After receiving a hefty blow to the head, the man spoke only gibberish.
After receiving a numbered ticket at reception, I took a seat in a waiting room.
After receiving instructions from the judge, the jurors retired to the jury room to begin deliberations.
After receiving the e-mail, he called his girlfriend.
After receiving the news, the woman tried to commit suicide.
After receiving too many insults, Marcos finally got in a fight.
After receiving treatment for a stomach ailment acquired while traveling overseas, Tom and Mary endured weeks of horrendous abdominal gas from the prescribed antibiotics.
After reflecting on my life up to now, I decided that I needed to change my goals.
After removing her glasses and untying her hair, Mary looked like a completely different person.
After researching the company's treatment of their workers, I declined their sponsorship offer.
After retirement, Teresa devoted herself to caring for orphans.
After returning from our run we took a shower.
After returning from war, many soldiers show signs of post-traumatic stress syndrome.
After robbing the store, they became a juvenile delinquent.
After rounding the Dragon's Tooth, the wind was on our side, and we were flying. It felt like we were running twice as fast.
After rounding the Dragon’s Tooth, the wind was on our side, and we were flying. It felt like we were running twice as fast.
After running ten kilometers, my legs felt like mush.
After running up so many flights of steps, she was completely out of breath.
After running up the hill, I was completely out of breath.
After saying bad things about her, he got a slap in the face.
After saying everything that I had to, I felt relaxed.
After saying goodbye to Jane, we were very sad.
After school I had to call the repairman to replace the garbage disposal.
After school hours, my brother and I often stopped by my Auntie Mila's house at Kamias Street in Quezon City to play with my cousins. It was an ancient mansion that was once a foreign embassy. Workers supposedly moved it brick by brick from an outlying province into the city. Auntie Mila was a person attuned to Philippine native culture. She liked all these handmade wooden and shell native crafts. On the other hand, her husband, my Uncle Joe, was very pro-American and inculcated their kids in the English language early on because they intended on later emigrating to the USA. I thought to myself that it was unusual that these cousins spoke English at home as if they were actors on television. But they did speak Tagalog with us. Uncle Joe was from a province, Pangasinan, where Tagalog was a second language; there, people spoke the language Pangasinan amongst themselves. He spoke also the regional language, Ilocano.
After school we play baseball with our classmates.
After school, I go to an English school to practice English conversation.
After school, I sometimes help my parents at the store.
After school, I study, then play videogames.
After school, I would always play football.
After school, Tom goes to the cinema with his friends.
After school, Tom usually sticks around as long as he can because he doesn't want to go home.
After school, Tom usually sticks around as long as he can because he doesn’t want to go home.
After school, Ziri suggested we go shopping.
After school, he usually sticks around as long as he can because he doesn't want to go home.
After school, she will write a letter.
After school, the boys want to play football.
After school, their lives diverged.
After searching and asking around, they still couldn't find a suitable place.
After seeing cigarette butts and empty beer cans scattered all across his daughter's room, Tom was lost for words.
After seeing her initial reports on chimpanzees and tool use, Dr. Goodall's mentor the paleoanthropologist and archeologist Dr. Louis Leakey responded, "Now we must redefine tool, redefine man, or accept chimpanzees as human".
After seeing her provocative body, he became obsessed with her.
After seeing how bravely he acted, his friends thought better of him.
After seeing that, he wanted to leave.
After seeing the film, we are going to the café to get something to eat.
After seeing the flames, she rushed to call the fire department.
After seeing the movie, I was impressed.
After seeing your spelling, I would like to have acid in my eyes.
After serving seventeen years in prison, Fadil was put to death for his crimes.
After seven years of wartime captivity, Tom was a broken man.
After several appeals, the initial decision stood.
After several beers she told him. She said she had no choice. He forgave her, and they made a plan. He would be none the wiser and would play hide-N-seek as if he were still in the game.
After several delays, the plane finally left.
After several failed dates, Tom was starting to wonder if this was his favorite restaurant, after all.
After several hospitalizations over the last few months, Valéry Giscard d’Estaing died on Wednesday at the age of 94 in his chateau.
After several hours of fighting the fire, the firemen were able to put it out.
After several hours of labor, she delivered a lovely healthy baby.
After several hours spent playing the guitar, his fingers were sore, but his heart was full of contentment.
After several minutes of waiting, a seat finally cleared up.
After several months on stress leave, the manager had a graduated return to work.
After several questions it turned out that Tom's experience in French was rather limited, so Mary switched to English.
After several studied tactical maneuvers, only one white king (on square 05) and one black checker (on square 40) remained on the board. The conclusion was easy: 1. 05–28 40–45 2. 28–50 ... White wins by immobilizing his opponent, as in judo.
After several weeks of hard bargaining, an agreement was reached which both sides found acceptable.
After several years of casual dating, Fadil met Layla and married her.
After several years of falling profits, the company ceased trading.
After sex, I fell asleep with my head on her belly.
After she converted to Islam, he wanted to be her spiritual guide.
After she converted to Islam, she started covering entirely.
After she converted to Islam, she started to wear hijab.
After she converted to Islam, she started wearing the hijab.
After she filled out the application, the records clerk told her that the fee was eight dollars.
After she had lunch, she got ready to go out.
After she had passed her driving test, she bought a car.
After she had read the letter, she tore it to pieces.
After she had weaned Lo-ruhamah she became pregnant and gave birth to a son.
After she heard him flirt with his assistant, Mary told Tom he really needed to get woke.
After she lost her job, she couldn't afford to feed her dogs, so she gave them away.
After she lost her job, she couldn’t afford to feed her dogs, so she gave them away.
After she lost her legs, she had no more use for her anklets.
After she lost weight, she felt better.
After she migrated from her village 10 years ago, she easily found jobs both as household help and in an office as a cleaner. Like millions of other women, she lost her job last year during a stringent lockdown because of the COVID-19 pandemic.
After she ordered 3 large pepperoni pizzas, her dorm mates put her on suicide watch.
After she picked up the first glass and water went all over the place, she called the boss out.
After she removed the bandage, the irritation subsided.
After she said these things, she departed.
After she was returned to her mother in law, Noemi said to her: My daughter, I will seek rest for thee, and will provide that it may be well with thee.
After shooting Tom, Mary shot herself.
After showering, I dried myself off.
After signing it, put it in an envelope.
After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music.
After sitting so long on the ground, I had pins and needles in my feet when I stood up.
After six drinks, he made the intoxicated decision to swim in the Neva.
After six games, Sampras had the edge on his opponent.
After six hours' climbing, we finally succeeded in reaching the top of the mountain.
After six hours’ climbing, we finally succeeded in reaching the top of the mountain.
After six months in China, you will realize that you regret not accepting that pizza before you left.
After six months of non-stop work, we're ready to cash in.
After six o'clock, it gradually became light.
After six weeks on a diet, Eugenio hadn't lost a single ounce because he secretly ate candies when he thought that no one was watching, not realizing that he couldn't trick the scales.
After six years studying the structure of the protein with colleagues at the Rockefeller University and University of Maryland, Australian researchers have worked out how it kills the bacteria that cause sore throats, pneumonia and streptococcal toxic shock syndrome.
After sixty years, the town's theatre is still going strong.
After skiing, I find that I have a voracious appetite.
After skiing, relaxing in a hot spring bath can get one fully warmed up.
After slapping Tom's right cheek, Mary stomped on his left foot.
After slapping Tom, Mary ran out of the room.
After slapping Tom’s right cheek, Mary stomped on his left foot.
After sleeping well, I felt much better.
After sleeping, Tom will surely be in a better mood.
After sling-shotting around Venus, the Solar Orbiter is expected to make its first close solar pass in early 2022.
After so many dates, they finally kissed.
After so many visits, we want to rest a little.
After so many years it's almost impossible to recognise him.
After so much time wishing everything would stop, the day it all finally did, Sergio felt like his life no longer had meaning.
After so much work I'm going to take a rest.
After sod is in place, it needs to be pressed down firmly. This will remove air pockets and help the sod make contact with the ground and take root. A water-filled drum called a sod roller can be used.
After solar array deployment, mission operators will establish a communications link with the observatory via the Malindi ground station in Kenya.
After some careful thought, I elected to stay at home.
After some considerable time he began to realise that she was right.
After some consideration, I've decided that we should continue this project after all.
After some experimenting, Heyer decided to use the pentatonic minor blues scale.
After some freight cars were derailed, services were suspended on the Chuo Line.
After some further research, I solved the problem.
After some hesitation, he laid the book on the desk.
After some hours traveling, the young Tom fatigued, arrived at the peak of the mount.
After some time, Vladimir dozed off.
After some wine he became a wit.
After someone has broken the ice with the first question, the others will feel inclined to interact more freely.
After sorrow comes happiness.
After sorrow comes joy.
After sowing seeds, it's important to thin out the seedlings if they seem too crowded.
After speaking, the lecturers can hang out outside or participate in other parts of the program.
After spending a sleepless night, he got out of bed.
After spending four years in jail, he was set free for good behaviour.
After spending hours out in the cold winter wind, my skin got all chapped and dry.
After spending lots of money on lottery tickets, Tom has finally won back almost all the money he spent on lottery tickets.
After spending three weeks looking for a job, he found a well-paid one.
After spending three years in prison, Tom was happy to be free again.
After spending three years in prison, Tom was happy to be out.
After splitting up with her, Simon walked away without looking back.
After spluttering at first, the engine is now running smoothly.
After spring comes summer.
After standing for 6 hours, Antonio's legs became stiff.
After staying in Kabylie all those years, I decided to move back to Algiers.
After stopping me at the side of the road, the police officer asked me for my license and registration.
After struggling in the first-round of the Australian Open tennis championships in Melbourne earlier this week, women's top-seed Serena Williams had an easier time in round two.
After studying French for three years, Tom could speak it fairly well.
After studying Swedish for several months, I still can't speak it very well.
After studying all month, the students were happy to finish their exams, kick up their heels and relax!
After studying in Algeria, he returned home.
After successfully completing his studies, he began to work.
After successfully completing his studies, he started work.
After successfully entering orbit around Saturn, the spacecraft immediately began taking pictures from above the rings as they were backlit by the Sun.
After successfully flying their solar-powered plane from Spain to Morocco in 2012, and across the U.S. in 2013, Swiss aeronautical enthusiasts are now getting ready to attempt a flight around the world next year.
After such a disappointment, Mary needs to be cheered up.
After such a tiring game of football, I think I'll go to bed.
After suffering from hikikomori for several months, Hiroshi turned into a johatsu without leaving a single trace.
After sunset, a thin mist appeared over the field.
After supper I usually watch TV.
After supper we went to the river and observed the night sky.
After supper, I always find myself falling asleep.
After supper, I always want to go to sleep.
After supper, I washed the dishes.
After supper, Tom fell asleep.
After supper, he studies his lessons for three hours.
After supper, he went to sleep.
After supper, she cleared the table.
After swimming, a glass of orange juice really fills the bill.
After swimming, we all took showers.
After switching the language, the application will be restarted. Are you sure you want to change the language to "English"?
After taking Mary home, Tom went back to the party.
After taking a bath, I drank juice.
After taking a bath, I drank some soft drink.
After taking a bath, Tom ate dinner.
After taking a drink of water, the Prime Minister said, "Ask away!"
After taking a shower, Tom ate dinner.
After taking a sip of his water bottle, he dove into his work.
After taking off, the plane circled the airport twice.
After taking something from the refrigerator, please wipe any spills or drips.
After taking something out, put it back where you found it.
After taking the cake out of the oven, allow it to cool.
After talking to Tom for a few minutes, it became obvious his French wasn't very good, so Mary switched to English.
After talking to Tom for a few minutes, it became obvious that his French wasn't very good, so Mary switched to English.
After tea, I invited Cynthia to come for a walk, and we sauntered off into the woods together.
After tea, I invited Cynthia to come for a walk.
After tea, I want to talk to you.
After tea, Mary took her dog for a walk.
After tea, Mary walked her dog.
After tea, Mrs. Inglethorp went to lie down.
After tea, he went to sleep.
After tea, we all go into the living room.
After tea, we're all going into the living room.
After tearing her cruciate ligament in 2005, she took just three years to get back on the winners' rostrum.
After tearing it open with her claws, the lioness moved away from the kill to let her cubs eat.
After ten days I'll go to Rome.
After ten days of ingesting poison, Fadil's horrible ordeal finally ended with his death.
After ten glasses of beer, he was paralytic.
After ten minutes' walk we came to the museum.
After ten minutes, the train set off, arriving at the last stop only five minutes late.
After ten minutes, they passed on to a new topic.
After ten minutes’ walk we came to the museum.
After ten months of very hard work, sometimes working through the night in an unheated dome, Clyde Tombaugh discovered an object he named Pluto.
After ten months, the parties have returned for round-table talks.
After ten months, the parties returned to the round table.
After ten o'clock in the morning on the 4th of March of 2022, on Lulu Island, on my way to the pizzeria, I took the long route through the school playground and field, and I sat in the little gazebo, as I gazed at the grey-sky vista. After lunchtime, sunny then, I went to the cafe for iced black tea. There were old Russian men, perhaps with a bit of Hun or other Mongoloid ancestry. A handsome medium-height dark-haired bearded man in army-green pants was waiting in line. Like engraved or sculpted through his light sweater in light grey were his nipples and tight muscles. At my table, a brown student seated himself to eat a black box of sushi with chopsticks and drink a red can of black cola. There were many multiracial students standing around.
After ten years as business partners, they decided to part ways.
After ten years, he was released from prison.
After testing all the options, I find it to be the most beautiful in terms of design.
After that English exam, my brain is fried.
After that I refused to shake hands with him.
After that I was totally exhausted.
After that day I ceased to be capable of genuine heartfelt concern.
After that day, things started to change for the worse.
After that fall she's lucky to be alive.
After that fall she’s lucky to be alive.
After that he began to enjoy life again and gradually recovered.
After that he began to enjoy life again, and gradually recovered.
After that he stood again on the shore, as if nothing had happened.
After that hint you gave me, I was able to solve the problem.
After that his life got even tougher.
After that incident, Claudio decided to resign from Uber.
After that incident, Ziri stopped talking to Rima and just ignored her.
After that incident, he never drank again.
After that journey on the road, you all must be tired.
After that many pints, I'd say Tom's bladdered.
After that newspaper wrote that no farmer wanted to work as a tenant in Vestfold, interest has skyrocketed.
After that night they became infamous in the entire city.
After that night, the ghost never appeared again.
After that realisation, she swore off Facebook and all of its concomitant humbug.
After that they sat and talked for long and long, while the blue sea sparkled in the summer morning sun.
After that village, the road quality improved.
After that was a feast that lasted until daybreak.
After that, I didn't see Tom again.
After that, I didn't see him again.
After that, I don't remember anything.
After that, I get up.
After that, I left, but then I realized that I forgot my backpack at their house.
After that, I left.
After that, I lost all interest in him.
After that, I took my shahada.
After that, I was totally exhausted.
After that, I was utterly exhausted.
After that, I went to the mosque and I took my shahada.
After that, I'll leave for Boston.
After that, I'll leave for Saigon.
After that, I’ll leave for Saigon.
After that, Mike tells Hiroshi to fasten his seat belt.
After that, Tom was always in pain.
After that, Tom was fired.
After that, he didn't come back.
After that, he played many supporting roles in movies and dramas.
After that, he went home.
After that, internal temperature begins to climb rapidly.
After that, many live in special homes for the aged where their children and grandchildren can come to visit them.
After that, other blocks were put into operation, and this station, already during the Soviet era, became one of the important energy centers of the Caucasus.
After that, she cried for three days.
After that, she said to her:— "Go into the garden, and you will find six lizards behind the watering-pot; bring them to me." She had no sooner done so than her godmother turned them into six footmen, who skipped up immediately behind the coach, with their liveries all trimmed with gold and silver, and they held on as if they had done nothing else their whole lives.
After that, the project was abandoned.
After that, we took him to the hospital.
After that, we'll go together.
After that, what happened?
After that, you were in a state of stupor for two months.
After the 13th game, Nepo and Ding are up to 6½ points and the contest is still incredibly exciting. There is still one game left: whoever wins will be the world chess champion; but if it ends in a tie, a tiebreaker will be played.
After the American Revolution, the architecture of public buildings often borrowed from Greece and Rome to express democratic ideals of order and symmetry.
After the American victory at Saratoga, the French decided to enter the war on the American side. The two nations signed military and political treaties. Historian Gordon Wood says this alliance created bigger problems for the British.
After the Arab Spring came the winter, but the snow hasn't covered the ruins.
After the Christmas party was over, we all went out caroling.
After the December 2019 presidential election, Algeria has recovered its political legitimacy.
After the Earth's surface had cooled to a temperature below the boiling point of water, rain began to fall—and continued to fall for centuries. As the water drained into the great hollows in the Earth's surface, the primeval ocean came into existence.
After the English-speaking U.K., Italy is the second-favorite study-abroad location for U.S. students. In the 2017-18 academic year, nearly 37,000 American students studied there.
After the Entered Apprentices and the Fellow Craftsmen had failed to resurrect their Master from the dead he was finally raised by the Master Mason with the "strong grip of a Lion's Paw."
After the Fukushima disaster, many people foresee the end of the nuclear era.
After the Israeli soldiers were done beating me, my face felt like a swollen mess.
After the Opossum Lodge meetings, the members recited the men's prayer: "I'm a man, but I can change, if I have to, I guess."
After the Russian Federation has conquered the Crimea, the country's government provides on the peninsula worldwide best travel conditions for self-torturers and masochists.
After the Singularity, we will all have nine dimensional sex organs.
After the Soviet withdrawal in 1989, Afghanistan plunged into civil war, culminating in the rise of the Taliban in 1996.
After the Sun, Jupiter has by far the strongest and biggest magnetic field in our solar system — it stretches about 12 million miles from east to west, almost 15 times the width of the Sun.
After the Warsaw congress, he abandoned Esperanto!
After the Wizard was gone, the people of the Emerald City made His Majesty, the Scarecrow, their King; and I have heard that he became a very popular ruler.
After the accident, I had to learn how to walk again.
After the accident, Mennad became a vegetable.
After the accident, Tom decided to stop skating.
After the accident, he could no longer bend his right knee.
After the accident, he learned to walk again with an artificial leg.
After the accident, he never could move his leg again.
After the accident, he was banned from driving.
After the accident, he was completely wrecked with worry.
After the accident, he was physically challenged by even a single stair.
After the accident, my left arm hurt for a long time.
After the accident, she lost her memory.
After the accident, the car lay in the street upside down.
After the accident, the driver's side doors were completely wedged shut, and firefighters had to use the jaws of life to extract the driver.
After the accident, the evacuated area was quickly surrounded by emergency responders.
After the accident, the injured people were taken to the hospital.
After the accident, the injured were taken to hospital.
After the accident, the police told the crowd to keep back.
After the accident, they connected him to a lot of machines.
After the activities of the second day she stayed the night with a countryman.
After the announcement, please dial two.
After the apocalypse, Tom and Mary sold zombie jerky from a roadside stand.
After the argument with his wife he took a long walk to clear his head.
After the argument, Layla didn't answer any of Fadil's calls.
After the argument, Yanni's career was brought to a sudden halt.
After the argument, everything spiralled down.
After the arrival to the airport, he immediately called his spouse.
After the assistant returned $1 to each one, each man had actually paid only $9.
After the attack, security measures were strengthened.
After the attacks, Christians, Jews, Buddhists, Hindus, and people of no faith came to the mosque to stand in solidarity with Muslims.
After the bailiff repossessed Tom's house, he was forced to doss down at a homeless shelter.
After the battle they delivered the town to the enemy.
After the battle, my character earned 45 XP.
After the battle, my character earned 45 experience points.
After the battle, there is the reward.
After the beep, leave your message.
After the bird had sung, it flew away.
After the birth of your child, you should make your work part-time.
After the bomb explosion, I feel lightheaded.
After the bone has set, the cast will be removed.
After the botched gallbladder surgery, the patient was filled with bile, both figuratively and literally.
After the break-up with her game partners she started to make trouble for other players.
After the breakup of the Soviet Union, NATO and Russia signed a written agreement that NATO would not expand eastward at the expense of the Russians.
After the bridge the road bends right, and after that there's a petrol station on the left.
After the broadcast ended, we turned the radio off.
After the bushfires, we have independently decided to call off this year's fireworks display.
After the bushfires, we have independently decided to call off this year’s fireworks display.
After the calves are weaned they are moved to the plush river-flats for fattening.
After the capital was taken, the last of the resistance collapsed.
After the capture of Syracuse by the Romans, silver, the foundation of the treasure they had seized, fell suddenly in price, so that seventeen pounds of silver were valued at one of gold. A little later the relative price was as 12 to 1, when Caesar, having plundered the two milliards contained in the public chest, so reduced the value of gold, which then predominated, that the proportion fell to 9 to 1.
After the celebration comes a fast.
After the ceremony, all the wedding guests moved on to a pub.
After the ceremony, the wedding party piled into a pub.
After the christening was over, the company returned to the King's palace, where was prepared a great feast for the fairies.
After the collision, Tom and Mary exchanged insurance information.
After the commercial break, we'll see the second part of the fight.
After the commercials, we'll watch the second part of the fight.
After the concert the performers celebrated with a party at a nearby restaurant.
After the concert, I went out to eat with Tom.
After the concert, Tom signed autographs.
After the concert, the crowd made for the nearest door.
After the conflict there were many dead on both sides.
After the conversation ends, he says a friendly goodbye and wishes me a pleasant evening.
After the crash, Mr. Smith quickly fled the scene and attempted suicide at his home by slitting his wrists and shooting himself with a pellet gun.
After the cross is fished out, the priest sprinkles believers with water using a bunch of basil.
After the cup of coffee, Katya got a headache.
After the day's work, I was tired to death.
After the day’s work is done, or sometimes during lunchtime, my children and I go out on a walk.
After the day’s work, I was tired to death.
After the death of Caesar, a comet shone for seven days.
After the death of Elijah Muhammad, his son took over the organization of the Nation of Islam.
After the death of her husband, Rima moved to Algeria.
After the death of her husband, she raised her two children alone.
After the death of her parents, Ann has been raising her younger sister and brother alone.
After the death of her parents, her grandparents took to her education.
After the death of his parents, his grandparents took to his education.
After the death of his spouse, Tom more or less let the business slide.
After the death of his wife, Tom lived another seventeen years.
After the death of his wife, he couldn't endure the emptiness and he followed her into the dark.
After the death of his wife, he fell into a deep grief.
After the death of my father, it became clear that my mother was incompetent at handling the family finances.
After the death of their parents, their grandparents raised them.
After the debate, the politician ate crow.
After the demise of Stalin, Korolev gained the support of the new leader, Nikita Khrushchev.
After the details of Sami's affair came out, Layla divorced him.
After the dictator's rule of forty-three years was over, the country was devastated.
After the disaster, scientists expected the worst for the fauna and flora of the region.
After the disaster, there was scarcely any water left on the island.
After the divorce, I feel like I've been reborn.
After the divorce, I feel like a new person.
After the divorce, Sami and Layla agreed on sharing their house.
After the divorce, he can't stop drinking.
After the doctor's ominous statement, it was clear that he had some gloomy news for the patient.
After the dog died, they buried him in the backyard.
After the dreadful scene that had taken place at the castle, Lucy was transported to her own chamber, where she remained for some time in a state of absolute stupor.
After the drive-by shooting, the house was riddled with bullet holes.
After the earthquake the neighbourhood felt insecure.
After the earthquake, Tom's world turned upside down.
After the earthquake, a fire broke out.
After the earthquake, hardly any houses remained standing.
After the earthquake, many people decided to sleep outside in tents.
After the earthquake, people stared into the deep hole in the ground in surprise.
After the earthquake, the land value in this area went down a lot.
After the earthquake, there was a fire.
After the election is before the election.
After the elimination of all of his opponents, the President for life cannot lose the election.
After the encouraging preliminary results, the mood at campaign headquarters was one of cautious optimism.
After the end of the first world war, when battle painting was no longer in demand, Tom turned to nature.
After the entrée comes the main dish.
After the exam we compared the answers we'd written.
After the exam we compared the answers we’d written.
After the exam, I forgot everything.
After the exam, we can relax.
After the explosion, I saw three guys limping out of the restaurant.
After the eyes, Geppetto made the nose, which began to stretch as soon as finished. It stretched and stretched and stretched till it became so long, it seemed endless.
After the fake pandemic I can't believe a word the media say.
After the fall of the Roman Empire of the West, the Church of Rome not only continued to use Latin but, in a certain way, made herself its custodian and champion in both the theological and liturgical sectors as well as in formation and in the transmission of knowledge.
After the fast comes the break-fast.
After the fatal accident of his child, he withdrew within himself.
After the father had left his family, his aunt, who had a very beautiful voice, and his exceptionally musical uncle took care of the child's upbringing.
After the father lost his job, depression drove him sick.
After the festival, the snakes are released back into the surrounding woods.
After the fifth day I feel like a living dead.
After the fight, they lost contact entirely.
After the fire died down, we roasted marshmallows.
After the fire, I noticed that a buttress on the east side of the cathedral was blackened with soot.
After the fire, only ash was left.
After the fire, the church was rebuilt.
After the fire, the smell of smoke in the air lasted for days.
After the fire, the smell of smoke remained in the air for days.
After the fire, there was a lot of ash.
After the first combat casualty, the president's warmongering supporters realized their aspirations were completely unrealistic and they got the first taste of their stupidity.
After the first letter the other came easily.
After the first month, Ziri started to pay rent.
After the first year, the patient's recovery slowed to a standstill.
After the first year, the patient's recovery stagnated.
After the flood, we couldn't buy food anywhere.
After the forest fire ravaged the hillside, Mary killed every predatory beast with the jawbone of an ass and ate the burned remains of every creature until she could not move.
After the frog laid its eggs, the pool filled with tadpoles.
After the game is installed, replace the original .exe file with the cracked .exe.
After the game, Tom went back to the locker room without speaking to anyone.
After the game, he went straight home to feed his dog.
After the girder's placement, shuttle crewmen Rex Walheim and Steve Smith ventured outside the station to unfasten temporary latches and begin the process of bolting the section firmly into place and making some of its power and cooling connections.
After the goal was scored, the crowd turned to the giant TV to watch the action replay.
After the gym, I drink a glass of milk mixed with powdered protein.
After the hatchet job my boss did on my proposal, I'm not sure how long I want to keep on working here.
After the hatchet job my boss did on my proposal, I’m not sure how long I want to keep on working here.
After the heavy rain, there was a big flood.
After the heavy rains, the river overflowed its banks.
After the high-speed train accident in China, Angela Merkel decided to make Germany move beyond railways and to stop all ICEs immediately. From now on, Germany will be involved in the sustainable forms of transportation of the future, such as air turbine-powered hobby horses.
After the hike, Tom switched from his hiking boots to his sneakers.
After the holidays, I'll probably need to go on a diet again.
After the hurricane, their house was a wreck.
After the incident I came to have a higher opinion of him.
After the incident, our relationship underwent a sudden change.
After the incident, their friends and relatives began to visit them less frequently.
After the initial shock of hearing of her grandfather's death, the girl began to cry.
After the initial shock of hearing of her grandfather's death, the girl started to cry.
After the initial shock of hearing of her grandfather’s death, the girl started to cry.
After the installation is complete, use the keygen to generate a key, and then use the key to activate the software.
After the intermission, the audience returned to the auditorium. The play continued.
After the interruption I went back to my reading but forgot where I'd left off.
After the interruption I went back to my reading but forgot where I’d left off.
After the intersection, drive onto the highway.
After the invasion, Viking men took English wives and fathered children with the result that their daughters learned correct English from their mothers, and their sons learned bad English from their fathers, who hadn’t been in the country long enough to master the language.
After the iron had cooled off, Mary wrapped the electrical cord around the iron, put the iron back on the shelf, folded up the ironing board, and put it away back in the closet.
After the junction take the motorway.
After the king's death Elsa became queen.
After the last patient left, the doctor carefully washed her hands.
After the lecture, I was none the wiser on the subject.
After the lectures, I spoke to a lot of people.
After the lesson, we clean our classroom.
After the lightning, came the thunder.
After the long hike, we were all hungry.
After the long winter, the road has developed potholes and become quite bumpy.
After the looting, the government ordered a curfew.
After the main dish comes the dessert.
After the match, large beads of perspiration bespangled her face.
After the meal, I asked for the bill.
After the meal, I need an hour of rest before getting back to work.
After the meeting he calmly made his decision.
After the meeting she headed straight to her desk.
After the meeting was over, everyone said goodbye and returned to the mystery of their private lives.
After the meeting with Tom, I wanted to fly far, far away.
After the meeting, let's go out for a drink.
After the meeting, she went straight back to work.
After the meeting, we went out to a bar.
After the mercurial and embattled state governor left a profanity-laced message on a legislator's telephone answering machine, he tried to explain himself: "I was so angry that I couldn't breathe."
After the mother yelled at the boy, he took out his anger on the dog.
After the move, Santi spent the rest of the week cleaning and finding new places for all his belongings and equipment.
After the movie they fall asleep.
After the movie, they fell asleep.
After the movie, we went to a KFC to feast on fried chicken.
After the murder, they had an intimate conversation.
After the occupants had moved away, the house stood empty.
After the operation I was happy, since I managed to eliminate the cancer.
After the operation he stays under observation.
After the pandemic began, COVID medical workers became modern-day heroes.
After the party was over, Tom stuck around and helped me clean up.
After the party, the floor was cluttered with empty bottles and ashtrays.
After the people had disappeared from the city, nature recaptured it completely.
After the performance, she went backstage.
After the performance, the theatre audience applauded.
After the pictures were revealed, the actress' clean image was tainted.
After the pictures were revealed, the actress’ clean image was tainted.
After the pipe burst, the water in the cellar was half a metre deep.
After the pleasure of admiring a beloved woman comes the pleasure to see her admired by everyone.
After the politicians had been elected, they threw their election platform into the fire and pondered how they could make themselves rich as fast as possible.
After the poor service at the restaurant, she launched into a diatribe about the declining standards of customer care.
After the princess had her fill of wild berries, she fell into a deep sleep.
After the prisoners escaped, the police set about recapturing them.
After the prophet's death, the adherents of the new religion began a great missionary war to conquer new territories.
After the prosecutor permitted the defendant to handle the murder evidence, his attorney declared: "If the gloves don't fit, you must acquit."
After the race, everyone stood around panting for five or ten minutes.
After the rain had gone, the birds began to sing again.
After the rain had let up a bit, we made a dash for the car.
After the rain the rainbow will appear in the sky.
After the rain the sun shines much brighter.
After the rain, fair weather.
After the rain, many mushrooms grow in the forest.
After the rain, the road was muddy.
After the rain, the sun emerged from the clouds.
After the rain, there were puddles in the road.
After the rain, there were puddles in the street.
After the rain, there were puddles on the road.
After the rain, there were puddles on the street.
After the recession, the top one percent of Americans were capturing more than 90 percent of income growth. But today, that's down to about half.
After the release of his controversial film; he was harassed, shamed and eventually killed.
After the removal of the hostile person, there was calm.
After the representatives of the Russian Orthodox Church interfered with Neptune Day celebrations, the Amur region was flooded.
After the residents leave, the house is empty.
After the revolution, France became a republic.
After the revolution, a provisional government ruled.
After the road was built, the value of the land for development doubled.
After the robbery, Yanni's name was on everyone's lips.
After the room was tidied up, she went out.
After the scarecrow started to scream and move, frightening away all the birds from the garden and scaring Martin to death, he turned, winked at the boy and said "Don't worry, you can always count on me. Those darn birds won't eat your plants."
After the second glass of wine, Tom became talkative.
After the second innings, the opposing pitcher recovered too, and it turned into a pitching duel.
After the second week I started to feel that he trusted me.
After the show, Daniel sat at the club to meet some of his fans.
After the site was shuttered, many of its users, known as "AlphaBay refugees," migrated to Hansa Market. But Dutch police had already been in control of the site since June 20, Christin said.
After the stop the train accelerated quickly.
After the storm comes the calm.
After the storm, it was calm.
After the storm, the calm returns.
After the storm, the ocean was calm.
After the storm, the road was blocked with fallen trees.
After the storm, the sea was calm.
After the storm, the sea was quiet again.
After the success of the apple pie, Matthew was eager to try more recipes from the cookbook.
After the summer he plans to attend Massachusetts Institute of Technology to continue his Ph.D. studies.
After the summer holidays, the children have to go back to school.
After the summer solstice, the days gradually begin to get shorter.
After the summit, President Mitterand said that he dissociated himself from the statement.
After the survey, we will send in the results immediately.
After the tennis yesterday, she's stiff today.
After the terrible loss of their unborn child, they decided to adopt one.
After the terrorist attacks of 9/11, the city was back on its feet in a matter of weeks.
After the third film, this franchise is terrible.
After the thorough plundering of the town, its people had no riches and no goods left.
After the thunderclap, the rain began pouring down.
After the tornado, we went without power for a few days. We'd wash our clothes by hand in the tub, and hang them on a makeshift clothesline, using clothes pegs Tom found in the back of a cluttered kitchen drawer.
After the traffic accident, his car had to be towed by a crane truck.
After the train wreck spilled tons of corn, the local bears became drunk when it fermented in their stomachs.
After the training phase, "C-Path" (Computational Pathologist) evaluated a second set of pathology slides, which came from a different hospital and which were medically and demographically different from the training group. It actually did better than human pathologists, although Koller stresses that C-Path is not designed to replace doctors looking through microscopes.
After the transformation she did not notice any change on herself.
After the trial, they freed the prisoners.
After the trip, we felt very tired.
After the university, she was free to choose her destiny.
After the usual greetings were over, I lost no time in introducing the subject in question.
After the volcanic eruption, this species declined.
After the waiter left, Tom and Mary continued their conversation.
After the walk, I went home.
After the wall was torn down, Berliners could view the two sides of Berlin at once for the first time since 1961.
After the war became peace, we returned to our lands and lived along the edge of the Canadian [River], but we were still without food, without clothes for about three years.
After the war ended, Tina had to scavenge for scraps just to have enough to eat.
After the war most of the highways were in urgent need of repair.
After the war was over, everything had to be rebuilt.
After the war, Britain had many colonies.
After the war, Ford entered politics.
After the war, Tom and Mary fell in love, got married, and started a family.
After the war, he managed to escape to South America.
After the war, the Netherlands was the country that executed and tortured the most Japanese, though some of them were innocent.
After the war, the church's properties were expropriated.
After the war, the diligence and the saving of the Japanese gave an impression which is strong in the American.
After the war, the entire country went through a period of euphoria.
After the war, the idea of democracy spread throughout Japan.
After the war, they fell in love, got married, and started a family.
After the wedding, David will had his hands on all of Amanda's money.
After the wind has stopped, let's sail the boat off to the open sea.
After the wind has stopped, let’s sail the boat off to the open sea.
After the work day was over, Tom went home to his wife.
After the workout, I was very hungry.
After the year 2016, it was sometimes difficult to know whether, in the United States, the state directed the media or the media directed the state.
After their argument they weren't on speaking terms.
After their argument they weren’t on speaking terms.
After their argument, Tom stormed off.
After their coastal homes were destroyed by the tsunami, the Onges and the Great Andamanese had to be evacuated and are now housed in special relief camps in the sprawling archipelago's capital, Port Blair.
After their fins have been removed, the sharks are thrown back alive into the ocean.
After their manager was fired, the employees were left to their own devices.
After their parents died, their grandparents brought them up.
After their quarrel, my wife tried to make some jokes to lighten up the mood.
After their quarrel, she called it quits.
After their quarrel, they broke up.
After their quarrel, they made up.
After these things, God tempted Abraham, and said to him: Abraham, Abraham. And he answered: Here I am.
After these things, Moses and Aaron went in, and said to Pharaoh: Thus saith the Lord God of Israel: Let my people go, that they may sacrifice to me in the desert.
After these things, it was told Joseph that his father was sick; and he set out to go to him, taking his two sons Manasses and Ephraim.
After they argued, they didn't speak to each other for a week.
After they argued, they didn’t speak to each other for a week.
After they drank the wine they got up and left.
After they finished having sex, she turned over and cried.
After they had finished their work, they went out.
After they left the house, the bus came.
After they questioned him, the police returned the suspect to the house.
After they received the results, all of them were depressed.
After they split, he moved in with me.
After they've been blanched, the artichokes can be frozen.
After thinking about it some more, I changed my mind.
After thinking about it, he decided not to go.
After thinking long and hard, I put the plan into practice.
After thinking over it over and over, I came up with nothing.
After thinking over it over and over, I found the golden mean.
After thirty years, she's still the most beautiful woman for me.
After this explosion of sorrow, he became more collected, and resolved to take courage.
After this followed a period of peace.
After this great commitment success will be sure.
After this happened, I had to take on a burden that was immeasurable and nearly unbearable.
After this he bought six other houses which he turned into depositories for books.
After this he knew nothing of what happened to him, for scarcely had he been placed on a bed than he fainted.
After this he often used a personal form of free verse.
After this he went down to Capernaum with his mother and brothers and his disciples.
After this interruption, they didn't continue the conversation.
After this interruption, they didn't resume their conversation.
After this it's your turn.
After this storm it will be cooler.
After this the naiad was silent. A red flush branded the boy’s face. He did not know what love was: though the blush was very becoming.
After this there went a man of the house of Levi; and took a wife of his own kindred. And she conceived, and bore a son: and seeing him a goodly child, hid him three months.
After this they returned to their goats and sheep, and finding them browsing quietly and orderly, they sat down at the foot of an oak tree and began to examine whether Daphnis had received any injury.
After this, Miki was taken to the hospital.
After this, he cut all the dead woman's limbs off and threw them in the water.
After this, he successively coughed, sneezed, hiccuped, eructated, squeaked and whistled in the most harmonious manner that can be conceived.
After this, it came to pass, that two eunuchs, the butler and the baker of the king of Egypt, offended their lord.
After this, nobody ever saw the ghost of the old woman again in that alley.
After thoroughly examining Mary, the doctor could find no physical reason for her condition, and concluded that the cause was psychosomatic.
After three and-a-half years of tortuous negotiations and political chaos, Britain will officially leave the European Union at 11 o’clock in the evening London time Friday.
After three days of hiking, I was isolated in Senegal.
After three days, I started to notice a change.
After three days, Tom began to experience tactile hallucinations.
After three days, Tom left and went to Boston.
After three days, any fish stinks, no matter how good it once was.
After three drinks, he was already battered.
After three drinks, the man passed out.
After three fruitless attempts, he tried one last time.
After three full days of interviews we've narrowed it down to two candidates.
After three full days of interviews we’ve narrowed it down to two candidates.
After three hours in the casino, he's $2,000 in the hole.
After three hours in the casino, he’s $2,000 in the hole.
After three hours of discussion we got nowhere.
After three hours, I got tired of waiting and went home.
After three hours, Tom and I ran out of things to talk about.
After three hours, Tom and Mary ran out of things to talk about.
After three months in office, the president still kibitzes with television stars.
After three months, he got used to the life in the town.
After three straight late nights at work, I feel like I'm drowning in work.
After three straight late nights at work, I feel like I’m drowning in work.
After three weeks in Australia, Tom came back home.
After three weeks of searching, he found well-paid work.
After three years of living in France, I still suck at French.
After three years of trying to change Tom, Mary realised that he was never going to change.
After three years of work by volunteers, the system has been fully repaired.
After three-and-a-half years of tortuous negotiations and political chaos that forced the resignation of two prime ministers, Britain will officially leave the European Union at 11:00 p.m. London time Friday.
After throwing down your paper, which was the action which drew my attention to you, you sat for half a minute with a vacant expression. Then your eyes fixed themselves upon your newly framed picture of General Gordon, and I saw by the alteration in your face that a train of thought had been started. But it did not lead very far. Your eyes flashed across to the unframed portrait of Henry Ward Beecher which stands upon the top of your books. Then you glanced up at the wall, and of course your meaning was obvious. You were thinking that if the portrait were framed it would just cover that bare space and correspond with Gordon’s picture over there.
After tiring work, it's good to rest.
After today, I want to send the manuscript to a publishing house.
After tomorrow, you'll be my wife.
After tonight, that won't be a problem.
After torturing a fortune-teller by tickling him to death for several hours, Christopher Columbus placed the noob toy in a treasure chest with the inscription: "To the great pirate of the future Al-Sayib: Noobs always deserve it."
After traveling back in time, William decided to rewrite his life story.
After traversing Hungary and Bohemia, skirting the Adriatic to Wallachia, and following the banks of the Danube, we arrived at Constantinople.
After turning from the main road up a narrow lane, so thickly shaded with forest-trees as to give it a complete air of seclusion, we came in sight of the cottage.
After twelve o'clock in the day he could hardly ever be said to be sober.
After twenty years of marriage, he got divorced.
After twenty years, he decides to retrace the places of his childhood.
After twisting your body, squat down.
After two days our food gave out.
After two days, Tom decided to give up being a vegan.
After two days, there was no food left.
After two hours on the road, Tom made a comfort stop.
After two in the morning, I was awake, trying to read an Interlingua book, Le torno del mundo in octanta dies, by Jules Vernes. But the lamp in the living room was too dim. I ate a few pieces of Italian round waffle-like cookies, pizzelle. I went back to sleep on the couch. Later, it was a drizzling morning, cold and clammy, this Boxing Day of 2024. I walked twice to the neighbourhood's Tim Hortons. Firstly, I ate two hash browns, whilst drinking an iced coffee with oat milk. Secondly, I ate a crispy chicken wrap with a glass of blackberry yuzu sparkling quencher. At both occasions, there were Eurasian children, and there were Filipinos that looked handsomely Japanesque. I was exercising with a hand grip strengthener at my table, as I counted to twenty in Esperanto, in each set: "unu, du, tri, kvar,..." In the afternoon, this Boxing Day of 2024, the sun came out of the clouds, the drizzle stopping for the while. An odd cabinet mirror stood by the sidewalk, so I could see my bare legs and mauve garden shoes in the reflection. I walked to Tim Hortons, there to drink an iced coffee with oat milk. The café was crowded. At night, I went back there to eat a roast beef and cheddar sandwich with an oat milk iced coffee. A brown family popped in to break the empty silence. A pensive white man said that I liked the word "blossom": Maybe, he was waiting for spring?
After two months of traveling, we realized that something horrible was happening.
After two weeks in quarantine at my sister’s house I’ll be able to see my parents, who are in their mid-60s and therefore at high risk.
After two weeks without response, I have the made the suggested correction.
After two years Pharaoh had a dream. He thought he stood by the river, out of which came up seven kine, very beautiful and fat: and they fed in marshy places.
After two years in hiding, Mozambique opposition leader Afonso Dhlakama arrived in Maputo on Thursday to "ratify a pact between his Renamo party and the government ending hostilities ahead of an Oct. 15 election," according to reports by Reuters.
After two years of wandering in the sea, nobody expected them to get back.
After two years without practice, I've forgotten everything I knew.
After two years without practising, I've forgotten everything I knew.
After two years, I returned to my home village.
After two years, she already spoke fluent German.
After two years, she was already fluent in German.
After tying up loose ends on the house, the carpenter gave the painter approval to begin work.
After unloading the dishwasher, check for any lingering food scraps or debris inside.
After unloading, make sure to check for any food scraps or debris in the dishwasher.
After unsuccessfully attempting to fix her computer's browser, Christine had enough of it! Feeling drained, she slammed the lid of the laptop shut determined to be done with the volatile thing!
After us they'll fly in hot air balloons, coat styles will change, perhaps they'll discover a sixth sense and cultivate it, but life will remain the same, a hard life full of secrets, but happy.
After us, the Deluge.
After using art supplies, put them back in their designated place.
After using items from the fridge, remember to wipe up any spills or drips.
After using items from the shelves, please return them to their proper place.
After using the blender, wash the blades and container thoroughly.
After using the computer, put away any cords and shut it down.
After using the kitchen, remember to wipe down the countertops.
After using the knife, please be sure to put it back where it was.
After using the microwave, check for any splatters and clean them.
After using the oven, clean any spills inside to prevent them from burning.
After using the oven, wipe down any spills or splatters inside.
After using the sink, remember to turn off the faucet.
After using the toilet, remember to flush.
After using the towels, hang them up to dry or place them in the laundry.
After using utensils for eating, wash them with soap and warm water.
After using utensils, please return them to their proper drawers.
After using utensils, wash them or load them into the dishwasher.
After visiting the castle, we went to eat.
After visiting the paddocks, Bloomfield gave a magnificent dinner to the company in a tent near the house; it was the finest feast I ever saw, but the badness of the weather spoilt the entertainment.
After waiting all day, the workers were still looking for a break in the weather so they could resume the search.
After waiting for three quarters of an hour at the doctor's, Tom was gradually becoming impatient.
After walking for about an hour, we got to the lake.
After walking for an hour, we stopped to take a rest.
After walking for five minutes, he arrived at the park.
After walking for five minutes, we arrived at the park.
After walking for hours through winding paths and sunny clearings, he finally reached an immense tree whose branches seemed to touch the sky.
After walking for hours, Pablo asked how they could not yet have arrived at their destination.
After walking for miles in the woods, the fugitive stumbled upon a farmhouse.
After wandering aimlessly through the desert for months, we discovered a solitary oasis.
After washing dishes, make sure the sink is clear and dry.
After washing the dishes, I always place them on a drying rack to drain any excess water.
After washing the dishes, I rinse them.
After washing the dishes, I'll rinse them.
After washing, de-wrinkle it.
After washing, the cat's fur is soft and fluffy, and has a faint scent.
After watching Pulp Fiction, he was of the opinion that Quentin Tarantino is the greatest director to have ever lived.
After watching some telly, I went to bed.
After watching that film he was filled with a sense of foreboding.
After watching the film, they spent hours discussing various interpretations of it.
After watching the movie for about thirty minutes, I came to the conclusion it was terrible and walked out of the theater.
After watching the movie, I wanted to read the book, too.
After water fasting, Tulugaq was zoning out and ready to eat a meal.
After we ate, we went to sleep.
After we cleaned the kitchen sink, it looked ten years younger.
After we cross the border, we can relax.
After we die, we aren't alive anymore.
After we finish digging the trench, planting the flowers will be easy.
After we finish doing this, you can do what you want.
After we finish eating, let's go for a walk.
After we finish weeding the garden, let's go out for lunch.
After we finished eating, we went for a walk.
After we finished painting the fence, Tom made sandwiches for all of us.
After we finished weeding the garden, we went out for lunch.
After we finished working, we enjoyed talking together.
After we had eaten, we went outside to skate.
After we had finished that, we ate lunch.
After we had sailed for some days, it happened a storm, and on the fifth night the ship split.
After we had sex, I fell asleep with my head lying on her stomach.
After we had tea, we began the discussion.
After we had walked for some time, we came to the lake.
After we leave this world, we're gone.
After we visit the Arc de Triomphe, we'll stop at a nice café.
After we walked for a while, we arrived at the lake.
After we walked for a while, we got to the lake.
After we went to sleep, things took a really terrifying turn.
After weathering record-breaking temperatures, parts of Europe are now gripped by a punishing drought that is shriveling harvests, sparking water shortages and taking a toll on wildlife.
After weeks of being on the road, I couldn't wait to get home and sleep in my own bed.
After weeks of working flat out on the project, Tom can finally see the light at the end of the tunnel.
After weighing all these considerations, the promoters will present their scheme in the form of a private bill; however, they might find themselves forced to alter the route in order to meet criticisms in Parliament.
After weighting the body with cement blocks and dumping it in the ocean, the hit man reported back to his boss that Tom now sleeps with the fishes.
After welding, the wire metal mesh is dunked in a vat filled with tons of molten zinc at a historic building about an hour west of Boston.
After what felt like an eternity, Ziri stopped to catch his breath.
After what happened that night, she stopped talking to me.
After what happened tonight, she won't talk to me anymore.
After what happened with Tom, Mary doesn't feel ready for another relationship just yet.
After what happened, I would have thought Tom would go back to Boston.
After what happened, I would've thought Tom would go back to Australia.
After what happened, I would've thought Tom would go back to Boston.
After what has happened, I dare not see her again.
After what he did to you, do you continue talking to him?
After what seemed like an eternity, the June bug finally found its way out through an open window.
After what you have said, I shall be careful.
After which he told his brethren: God will visit you after my death, and will make you go up out of this land, to the land which he swore to Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob.
After whom she bore a daughter, named Dina.
After whose birth he lived eight hundred and fifteen years, and begot sons and daughters.
After winning all the matches, he got the title of champion.
After winning the Nobel prize, she remained as modest as ever.
After winning the lottery she went on a shopping binge.
After winter came spring.
After winter comes spring.
After winter, spring comes.
After witnessing the crime Tom suffered from shock.
After witnessing, in horrified fascination, a few of Tom's temper tantrums, Mary refused to play golf with him any more. Even though Tom was a former golf pro, he would sometimes have hissy fits, furiously shouting at his caddy and breaking his own golf clubs.
After work I go straight home.
After work I met with Tom.
After work I watched a movie.
After work had been done, the old man sat down on a tree stump under the window of the hut and thought.
After work she loves to disrobe and take a shower.
After work, I go right home.
After work, I went to exercise.
After work, I'm going to exercise.
After work, Tom is always tired.
After work, Tom usually goes to the bar.
After work, Tom usually goes to the pub for a pint with his workmates.
After work, Tom went home to his wife.
After work, he went out.
After work, instead of going straight home, I stopped by to see a friend and we watched an interesting movie together.
After work, we stayed overnight at the editorial office.
After work, we'll go to the restaurant for food.
After working all day, I'm tired.
After working all day, Tom and Mary were really tired.
After working all day, Tom was really tired.
After working all day, it felt good to just sit in the hot bath.
After working all week, we took it easy on Sunday.
After working hard all the weekend, finally we have a livable apartment!
After working in the cornfield, the farmer returns home for his evening meal and some rest.
After working in the hot sun all afternoon, Tom looked hot and tired.
After working zealously, we were refreshed by fruit and water.
After writing a local guides review for the nearby dry cleaners, Tom drove his car into brick wall.
After writing only a little while, I start to feel pain in my hand.
After writing the letter, Tom put it in an envelope and sealed it.
After years of a bloody war, Algeria got its independence in 1962.
After years of disrepair, the building had begun to degrade.
After years of election postponements and stalled negotiations, the last week has seen two hopeful developments: first, the nation’s special electoral court cut three prominent and controversial figures from the ballot—the coup leader, who had reneged on a promise not to run; the wife of the president who was overthrown in that 2009 coup; and the man who served as president before that.
After years of failed experiments, I can say I've finally discovered the only absolutely flawless instant cure for hiccups!
After years of focus on words, dictionary writers finally turned to sentences.
After years of frustrations, finally all my effort had been repaid.
After years of hard work, Tom was able to pass the bar exam.
After years of hard work, we finally have reason to believe that these iconic dolphins can be protected against extinction.
After years of learning many different languages, I eventually decide that I just like Japanese Kana—both Katakana and Hiragana. Maybe, it is just the graphical feature that attracts me.
After years of living on his own, Tom found it hard to adjust to living with Mary.
After years of pining over one another, Tom and Mary—both of whom were married—gave in to temptation and arranged the first of many trysts at the Hilton Hotel.
After years of renting, he finally bought a condominium.
After years of research, Tom made a serum that could cure cancer.
After years of study, he has compendious knowledge on the matter.
After years of success he has come down in the world.
After years of suffering, she finally decided to forget the past and begin a new life.
After years of trying to boycott products from unethical corporations responsible for human rights violations, environmental destruction, and animal abuse, many of us found that no matter what we bought we ended up supporting something deplorable.
After years of womanising, Tom finally settled down with Mary.
After you blow up those balloons, could you sweep the room?
After you confess, you forget.
After you cross the river, head north.
After you dispose of the diaper, you will need to properly wipe the baby's bottom with a wipe or damp cloth.
After you finish reading that book, please put it back on the shelf where you found it.
After you finish reading the book, put it back where it was.
After you finish reading this letter, burn it.
After you finish using an item, put it back in its designated place.
After you finish using the sink, give it a good rinse.
After you finish washing your hands, turn off the faucet.
After you get home, you'll prepare dinner.
After you get to the traffic lights, turn right.
After you had come.
After you had left, he came.
After you have read it, give the book back to me.
After you have taken a rest, you must carry on your study.
After you kill the sheep, you'll have to skin it.
After you leave, I'll be lonely.
After you leave, we'll be very sad.
After you left, I started to think a lot about you.
After you left, Tom came over and we talked all night.
After you left, things didn't get any better.
After you make breakfast, I will do the dishes.
After you release an animal in the wild, anything could happen to it.
After you ring her up, you can go on break.
After you take something from the cabinets, please put it back where it belongs.
After you take the medicine, your stomachache will be much relieved.
After you translate this article, send it to me.
After you with the pepper.
After you with the salt.
After you!
After you're done cutting up the vegetables, put them there. Don't know when I'll be back to cook them.
After you're finished, please clean up after yourselves.
After you've been abroad, you see a lot of things differently.
After you've been away for so long, it sometimes takes a while to get back in the groove.
After you've eaten, you should get some sleep.
After you've finished the dishes go upstairs and make your bed.
After you've finished, pay the bill.
After you've had some tea, carry on practising.
After you've mixed everything well, add salad dressing and a little pepper!
After you've used the toilet, flush it right away.
After you, Tom.
After you.
After your answer, I am convinced that there are many clever people in Russia.
After your death you will be what you were before your birth.
After your surgery, you must spend a few days in a spa town and recover in thermal springs.
After you’ve had some tea, carry on practising.
After, cook it on a low flame for 30 minutes and you're done.
After, cook it on a low flame for 30 minutes and you’re done.
Afterburners are only used on supersonic aircraft like fighter planes and the Concorde supersonic airliner.
Aftercare involves providing comfort and support to partners after a scene.
Aftercare is about reconnection and ensuring we both feel nurtured.
Afterward, I found out that the Gospel contains too many inconsistencies.
Afterward, bake in oven preheated to 175°C for about 1 hour.
Afterward, bake in oven preheated to 350°F for about 1 hour.
Afterward, she felt remorseful.
Afterwards I realised that Charles was not the most important at that time.
Afterwards I want to go to the hotel.
Afterwards I will send, and bring thee from thence hither. Why shall I be deprived of both my sons in one day?
Afterwards I'm gonna watch a movie with a friend.
Afterwards I'm gonna watch a movie with my friends.
Afterwards a confirmatory email was sent.
Afterwards he went to Bethlehem to look at the statues.
Afterwards his brother came out, on whose hand was the scarlet thread: and she called his name Zara.
Afterwards my task is to wait.
Afterwards there will be hell to pay.
Afterwards we laughed about our fight. We are good friends again now.
Afterwards we will go out into the world, and we will see all things.
Afterwards when they went out there was not a soul on the sea-front. The town with its cypresses had quite a deathlike air, but the sea still broke noisily on the shore.
Afterwards you are always smarter.
Afterwards, I did not speak with them.
Afterwards, I want to go to the hotel.
Afterwards, I went to my compartment.
Afterwards, because it was sanctioned by many of the successive dynasties Buddhism became widespread and had a tremendous impact on the development of Chinese thought, culture and art.
Afterwards, he assumed a new identity.
Afterwards, he set off for Villain Valley.
Afterwards, he wasn't lucky in life.
Afterwards, he will be an archeologist. This is also the sole profession, in which even after you have already touched the bottom, you still continue digging...
Afterwards, the kind of thing one would regret was done.
Afterwards, the witnesses testified.
Afterwards, they became good friends.
Afterwards, we went to Bethlehem to see the statues.
Agadir has become a big city today.
Agadir has become a huge city.
Agadir is a large city located in the south of Morocco in the Souss region.
Agadir is the capital of Souss.
Again God said to Abraham: And thou therefore shalt keep my covenant, and thy seed after thee in their generations.
Again I gripped him by the sleeve, and felt the thin, sinewy arm beneath it. “Well, you're not a spirit, anyhow,” said I.
Again I was able to escape death.
Again and again in cases of the most varying sorts—forgery cases, robberies, murders—I have felt the presence of this force, and I have deduced its action in many of those undiscovered crimes in which I have not been personally consulted.
Again and again there are challenges in our life. Some call them problems, others call them growth opportunities.
Again and again, we fall back into old habits.
Again and again, we must rise to the majestic heights of meeting physical force with soul force.
Again and again; you still haven't changed at all.
Again he drank, emptying the cup at one deep gulp.
Again his father insisted on another private conversation and broke the sad news.
Again the frog turned into Vasilissa, the wise maiden.
Again the younger brother became a wanderer, and he arrived one day at the house of the elder brother.
Again this year a lot of concerts are being given by amateur musicians.
Again to Priam's palace, and again / up to the citadel I speed my way.
Again we have deluded ourselves into believing the myth that capitalism grew and prospered out of the Protestant ethic of hard work and sacrifices. Capitalism was built on the exploitation of black slaves and continues to thrive on the exploitation of the poor, both black and white, both here and abroad.
Again with the...
Again with this?
Again you made exactly the same mistake.
Again!
Again! Again! Again!
Again, Hawking was almost ready to give up.
Again, Tom drank himself unconscious.
Again, Tom has gone and gotten mad at me.
Again, a thousand apologies.
Again, having divided the calculus into algebraic and arithmetical, M. Comte admits, as perforce he must, that the algebraic is more general than the arithmetical; yet he will not say that algebra preceded arithmetic in point of time.
Again, hello.
Again, it's not a musical, it's an operetta!
Again, many thanks for your support!
Again, she pointed across the road.
Again, the toddler says, "no, I won't" as he is wont to do.
Again, the toddler says, "no, I won’t" as he is wont to do.
Again, there is another side to the story.
Again, there was no response.
Again, we can see this approach as deriving from Matthew Arnold's idea that everywhere there is connection.
Again, we can see this approach as deriving from Matthew Arnold’s idea that everywhere there is connection.
Again.
Again?
Again? Not again!
Against May, Whitsonday, or other time, all the yung men and maides, olde men and wives, ran gadding over night to the woods, groves, hils, and mountains, where they spend all the night in plesant pastimes ; and in the morning they return, bringing with them birch and branches of trees, to deck their assemblies withall.
Against a Petroff defense less skilfully played by Ian Nepomniachtchi, Magnus Carlsen took his second win in the FIDE-2021 World Championship match in Dubai. Now: Carlsen 5 - Nepo 3.
Against a backdrop of what many would consider insurmountable odds, Joseph Hayne Rainey, born enslaved, entered the Capitol building as the first African American member of the U.S House of Representatives in December 1870.
Against all expectations, the Apollo spacecraft made it safely back to Earth.
Against all expectations, we became good friends.
Against all odds.
Against her will, the priest came into the room to bless the sick woman.
Against his better judgement he didn't intervene, instead letting things take their course.
Against his better judgment, Ziri let Rima move in.
Against his father’s will, Gustavo studied art.
Against my advice, he fed his dog some raw pork.
Against my will?
Against reformation stood chiefly and even fanatically the Marquis de Beaufront. In Geneva he took part in the congress and indignantly protested against the magazines which made use of new forms.
Against seemingly insurmountable odds, the club avoided relegation.
Against the dark background of the atomic bomb, the United States does not wish merely to present strength, but also the desire and the hope for peace.
Against the evil of death, there is no remedy in the gardens.
Against the snow, the white rabbit was invisible.
Against the wall!
Agarose gel electrophoresis is a method commonly used to separate DNA fragments based on their size.
Agatha Christie was an English writer. She is known for her 66 detective novels and 14 short story collections.
Age before beauty!
Age brandy in oak casks.
Age brings both reflection and new beginnings.
Age can have an impact on sperm production.
Age comes with years.
Age deprived him of his sight.
Age diminished his strength.
Age discrimination is illegal and retirement is mandatory in only a few occupations.
Age does not make us childish, as they say. It only finds us true children still.
Age doesn't lead to maturity, unless you're a cheese.
Age doesn't matter so much.
Age doesn't matter to me.
Age doesn't matter.
Age has whitened my hair.
Age is an issue of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matter.
Age is immaterial, unless you're a bottle of wine.
Age is just a number.
Age is no barrier to romance.
Age is not a barrier to stupidity.
Age is not an accomplishment, and youth is not a sin.
Age is not important, unless you are either cheese or wine.
Age is the time from birth to death.
Age is whatever you think it is. You are as old as you think you are.
Age isn't important, unless you are cheese.
Age isn't just a number, but it's possible to be in shape at any age.
Age isn't just a number.
Age makes your hair turn grey.
Age mattered to Yanni.
Age may have one side, but assuredly Youth has the other. There is nothing more certain than that both are right, except perhaps that both are wrong.
Age will not weary them.
Age, like distance, lends a double charm.
Age-old traditions are crumbling.
Age-related macular degeneration can cause blindness.
Aged 15, he ran away from home.
Aged people like to keep the world the way it is. On the other hand young people love to change the world.
Ageing is a disease that you must die of.
Ageing isn't good, but the alternative is no better.
Agencies should take affirmative steps to make information public. They should not wait for specific requests from the public.
Agenda 2030 is a hypocrite bullshit.
Agent is always assigned to the subject.
Agentour is a castle that has produced many artists.
Ages reside in your brow.
Agglutinative languages have a lot of suffixes.
Aggregating anemones use their tentacles to sting and paralyze prey.
Aggression is a sign of fear.
Aggressive anti-advertising is one of the best marketing tools for promoting goods on the Russian market. The quality and other consumer properties of products do not matter. This "incomprehensible" truth is now clear to progressively thinking European manufacturers.
Aggressive drivers who tailgate are a danger to the general public. Tailgating is basically a kind of road rage.
Aggressive salespeople often don't think they're being pushy; they think they are 'results oriented.'
Agh. I waited for a long time for the receipt of a present from my mother. However, it's very problematic.
Aghast I stood, tongue-tied, with stiffening hair.
Aging doesn't cost anything.
Aging is a programme.
Aging is an irreversible biological process.
Agitated activity by certain animals may be a sign of an impending earthquake.
Agitation seized her.
Agnes is a geographer.
Agnes speaks Mandarin with astonishing fluency.
Agnieszka was born in Germany, but her parents are from Poland.
Agnosia is a neurological disorder characterized by an inability to recognize and identify objects or persons using one or more of the senses.
Agnès looked at the brown boats.
Agony in the era of machinery is not attributed to machinery itself.
Agree to this!
Agreed, as long as the wind doesn't start blowing.
Agreed, but only on one condition.
Agreed, see you later.
Agreed.
Agreeing on everything isn't necessary.
Agreeing to disagree has become our mantra.
Agreements must be kept.
Agreements need to be respected.
Agricultural exports have risen significantly over the past decade.
Agricultural exports, including fish, make up two-thirds of total exports.
Agricultural production decreased in Algeria.
Agricultural production fell sharply in Algeria.
Agricultural subsidies are one of the most important and controversial budget items in the European Union.
Agricultural subsidies often are a common stumbling block in trade negotiations.
Agriculture accounts for about one-third of GDP and 80% of export revenues.
Agriculture accounts for one-fifth of output and two-fifths of employment.
Agriculture accounts for over 40% of GDP and employs more than 90% of the population.
Agriculture and industry are limited due to the small size of the island.
Agriculture became possible inside the shell structure of space stations.
Agriculture consumes a great amount of water.
Agriculture continues to employ 80% of the workforce.
Agriculture had a slow growth in Algeria.
Agriculture has a great influence on poverty alleviation.
Agriculture has seen a huge decrease in Algeria.
Agriculture in arid regions often relies on advanced irrigation techniques to sustain crops.
Agriculture in this valley is under another threat. The land, rivers and aquifers under the Valley are drying out. That also affects solar power.
Agriculture is an important industry in California.
Agriculture is defined as the cultivation of soil for growing crops.
Agriculture is developed in the most fertile lands of the region.
Agriculture is economy of the country.
Agriculture is in great decline.
Agriculture is not humankind's destiny.
Agriculture is still a large part of Algeria's economic reality.
Agriculture is still a large part of Algeria's economy.
Agriculture is vulnerable to weather and climate variability.
Agriculture provides a subsistence livelihood for 85% of the people.
Agriculture remains the backbone of the Kenyan economy, contributing one-third of GDP.
Agriculture represented about 1% of Jersey's economy in 2016.
Agriculture represents only 12% of Algeria's economy.
Agriculture was developed more than 10,000 years ago.
Agriculture was the principal occupation of the inhabitants.
Agriculture, crafts, animal husbandry and fishery are the main traditional sources of income.
Agriculture, forestry and urbanization are increasing the amount of sediment, chemicals and plastics flowing into the oceans, and contaminating the coastline.
Agriculture, services, and some manufacturing also contribute to Algeria's GDP.
Ah ... okay, I was young, but what a stupid mistake!
Ah Mei is an adorable girl.
Ah if only we had just problems with the raising of lambs!
Ah me! how sad to view, / how changed from him, that Hector, whom of yore / returning with Achilles' spoils we knew, / when on the ships of Greece his Phrygian fires he threw.
Ah no. It's not as though I always have everything.
Ah no. It’s not as though I always have everything.
Ah well, you're out of luck!
Ah yes! You understood everything.
Ah yes, there is nothing better than waking up at 5:00 AM.
Ah yes, two, right?
Ah!
Ah! Ah! Ah! A drunk squirrel! that will be very funny.
Ah! Chloe, are you also suffering, do you still remember these plains, the Nymphs and me, or do the goats and sheep, your fellow captives, serve to console you in your sorrow?
Ah! Don't say you agree with me. When people agree with me I always feel that I must be wrong.
Ah! Everything is clear now.
Ah! He who does not live only for himself, lives a bad life.
Ah! Hide yourself at home! This vile tongue twister is hardly useful.
Ah! How beautiful the Taj Mahal is!
Ah! How nice!
Ah! How serene is this temple!
Ah! I forgot again! I was supposed to go to the library to return a book today!
Ah! If I could, I would find my beloved in that garden, which is a paradise all in bloom. If she wanted to become my fairy, she would soothe all my sorrow and all my pain.
Ah! If I were rich, I'd buy myself a house in Spain.
Ah! If I were rich, I’d buy myself a house in Spain.
Ah! It's so cute! Can I pet it?
Ah! It's so frustrating not being able to keep up with everyone else.
Ah! Snow!
Ah! That clears up everything.
Ah! The young ones!
Ah! This is bad!
Ah! This tea is hot.
Ah! What a beautiful day!
Ah! What a beautiful flower!
Ah! What a miserable day!
Ah! What nice weather!
Ah! Why did I make him swear by his goats instead of by the Nymphs! He has forgotten them as he has forgotten me.
Ah! Would that I were his pipe so that I might touch his lips!
Ah! how polite and gallant men are when they're trying to obtain something from a poor woman!
Ah! if man would but see that hope is from within and not from without—that he himself must work out his own salvation!
Ah! mayst thou ever be what now thou art, nor unbeseem the promise of thy spring, as fair in form, as warm yet pure in heart, Love's image upon earth without his wing, and guileless beyond Hope's imagining!
Ah! my dear girl, I would love to see you become the wife of a good farmer and be one of our neighbours.
Ah! that Cyrus were living!
Ah! vain to boast, if Heaven refuse to aid!
Ah! you're trying to escape, vile creature! you're trying to escape like a thief, in the middle of the night, eh?
Ah!, my homework, I forgot it.
Ah, "you see, but you do not observe".
Ah, Alsace! It is usually known for the beauty of its half-timbered houses, its renowned gastronomy and its famous Christmas markets. However, it is also a cultural crossroads in the heart of Europe. It links France, Switzerland and Germany through an incredible diversity of landscapes where, flanked by mountains and the banks of the Rhine, open-air activities abound.
Ah, I forgot my mobile phone.
Ah, I forgot to apply sunscreen.
Ah, I forgot to ask. Before you said you hadn't seen the umbrella. Have you found it since?
Ah, I forgot to buy tofu.
Ah, I get it.
Ah, I get it. Parents can be really fussy about everything can't they.
Ah, I have been here before!
Ah, I hit you, sorry!
Ah, I miss the 80s, when I didn't exist.
Ah, I only kissed her on the shoulder.
Ah, I reckon you go straight down this prefectural road ...
Ah, I see what you mean.
Ah, I see you're a man of culture as well.
Ah, I see!
Ah, I thank you, my dear.
Ah, I think I'm gonna cry.
Ah, I understand.
Ah, I want to go back to being zero years old.
Ah, I wish there was a shelter.
Ah, I've chattered on too much, haven't I?
Ah, I've failed again!
Ah, I’ve failed again!
Ah, Superintendent Chalmers! Welcome. I hope you're prepared for an unforgettable luncheon!
Ah, Ziri! Come in, come in, dear!
Ah, bummer!
Ah, but a man's reach should exceed his grasp, Or what's a heaven for?
Ah, can you come this way?
Ah, could it be you're embarrassed to be called by your first name?
Ah, could it be you’re embarrassed to be called by your first name?
Ah, could we swap our mobile numbers next time?
Ah, crap. I dropped my doohickey into the sink.
Ah, cruel Three! In such an hour. / Beneath such dreamy weather. / To beg a tale of breath too weak / To stir the tiniest feather! / Yet what can one poor voice avail / Against three tongues together?
Ah, gotcha!
Ah, him! If he tells you to go wash yourself, you should rather slather your face!
Ah, him? He's only a braggart!
Ah, hold a mo. My shoelace's come undone.
Ah, hold a mo. My shoelace’s come undone.
Ah, how beautiful!
Ah, how we would have liked our houses to be removable, so that we could take them on our last departure!
Ah, if all of us could speak all languages!
Ah, if you can dub it, can I ask for a copy as well?
Ah, if you only knew what I dreamed of! Thank goodness I got off with this nightmare.
Ah, indeed it is.
Ah, is it already Christmas?
Ah, it's almost time for exams. I'm dead!
Ah, it's snow!
Ah, it's you!
Ah, just what I thought. They haven't noticed.
Ah, look at the little duckies following their mother!
Ah, me!
Ah, men! It's like artichokes, there are so many things to peel from them!
Ah, my beloved.
Ah, my mistake: I said I wanted "three thousand Yen," not "three thousand Euros."
Ah, never mind.
Ah, now I get it!
Ah, now I remember – I left it on the table where I filled in the application form.
Ah, now I remember. I used a condom; something I rarely, or rather practically never, do.
Ah, now I understand.
Ah, of course!
Ah, okay!
Ah, really?
Ah, screw it.
Ah, shucks! My horse lost!
Ah, sit!
Ah, snow!
Ah, so *that*'s your sister.
Ah, so that is your thinking!
Ah, so that's how you milk a cow?
Ah, so that's it!
Ah, so that’s how you milk a cow?
Ah, so this is how you write it.
Ah, so this is the one who dared to remove me from his list without telling me why. I had forgotten, hey, and you come to remind me!
Ah, so you're waiting for him to send them to you?
Ah, so!
Ah, someone made me a sandwich. Very nice.
Ah, sorry. Megumi, could you get me the conditioner?
Ah, thank you my dear.
Ah, thank you, my dear.
Ah, that reminds me of the old days!
Ah, that's better.
Ah, that's life!
Ah, that's much better.
Ah, that's not an oscar in your aquarium; it's a piranha!
Ah, that's why the lame ducks are jealous.
Ah, the coffee is really hot!
Ah, the dumb ones, if they only knew!
Ah, the one I love.
Ah, the phone card's already running out.. See you in half an hour.
Ah, the phone card’s already running out.. See you in half an hour.
Ah, the shallowness of today’s youths!
Ah, there Tom is.
Ah, this hot water's good!
Ah, this hot water’s good!
Ah, this is easy.
Ah, this is the life!
Ah, this is the road I was thinking of. The railway station's down here.
Ah, this lightbulb is starting to burn out. No wonder I thought it was getting a little darker.
Ah, this looks like the right way. I can feel it in my bones!
Ah, this song makes me feel all wistful.
Ah, those Russians!
Ah, to be young again.
Ah, unfortunately there is a small matter I need to attend to so I'll take my leave now.
Ah, unfortunately there is a small matter I need to attend to so I’ll take my leave now.
Ah, we have run short of sugar.
Ah, well I've bandaged it for the meantime but if that's awkward then it's fine to replace it with a plaster when you get home.
Ah, well I’ve bandaged it for the meantime but if that’s awkward then it’s fine to replace it with a plaster when you get home.
Ah, what the hell. Let's do it.
Ah, whatever.
Ah, when will they meet again?
Ah, wonderful.
Ah, yeah. That's true.
Ah, yes, it's true.
Ah, yes, yes! Forgot all about it—all!
Ah, you're a snake!
Ah, you're a true friend.
Ah, you're leaving tomorrow!
Ah, you've noticed it, have you?
Ah, youth. The heart's immortal poetry.
Ah, you’re leaving tomorrow!
Ah-you've gone all red. Riku - that's so cute!! Ha-haha.
Ah-you’ve gone all red. Riku - that’s so cute!! Ha-haha.
Ah. Good.
Ah. I see.
Ah. Okay.
Ah. We've got no sugar left.
Ah... maybe tonight...
Aha! Now I see; it's all becoming clear.
Aha! So that's what's going on!
Aha! That looks very tasty.
Aha! You went, right?
Aha, Bancus, I thought that the boat for carrying you were in fact sail-powered.
Aha, go on, what happened next?
Aha, so this is Mrs. Evans!
Aha, there you are!
Aha, you did it, didn't you?
Aha, you did it, didn’t you?
Aha. Today is Sunday. I've lost track of the days.
Ahawech is picking up leftover olives after the first picking.
Ahead of World Refugee Day, the World Food Program is appealing for international support for millions of destitute refugees, many of whom are facing hunger because money to feed them has dried up.
Ahead of World Tuberculosis (TB) Day on March 24, doctors are warning that progress in the global fight against the disease has been set back more than a decade by the coronavirus pandemic.
Ahead of the International Women's Day, the International Rescue Committee has released a report on the five most dangerous places in the world to be an adolescent girl. Taking into consideration data on child marriage, adolescent birth rates, literacy, rates of violence and child labor, the IRC named Niger, Yemen, Bangladesh, South Sudan and the Central African Republic as the most dangerous for young girls.
Ahead of the first round of French municipal elections Sunday — still on track, despite the coronavirus outbreak — bread-and-butter issues like fighting crime and increasing affordable housing rank high.
Ahead of us is the Atlantic.
Ahead, a clearing among the trees appeared.
Ahead, you'll find the Department of Redundancy Department straight ahead.
Ahed Tamimi is white.
Ahed Tamimi was arrested by Israeli soldiers.
Ahed Tamimi was just a child when she was arrested by Israeli soldiers.
Ahfir is a village located in Kabylie.
Ahh ... well I was young but what a stupid mistake.
Ahh! It broke!
Ahh, I like Lojbanic conversation.
Ahh, it's dim sim time.
Ahh, silly me, I've messed up again.
Ahh, silly me, I’ve messed up again.
Ahhh! Feel that beer seep into every fiber of my being. Yep, nothing beats a cold one after work.
Ahhh, Paris at last. Where should we go first?
Ahhh, it's snack time.
Ahm, maybe!
Ahmad Alkarkhi has started painting with a whole new color palette since he came to the U.S.
Ahmad Deedat gave dawah all his life.
Ahmad Shah Durrani unified the Pashtun tribes and founded Afghanistan in 1747.
Ahmad Tibi says that what was good for South Africa decades ago is good for Israel today.
Ahmad originally comes from some shithole of a country.
Ahmad quickly shoved his bag into the tent.
Ahmed Benbella was Algeria's first president.
Ahmed Gaid Salah was granted a state funeral.
Ahmed Gaid Salah was the head of the Algerian army.
Ahmed Oumeri and Arezki L'Bashir are the Robin Hood of Kabylia that have existed.
Ahmed Ouyahia resigned from being prime minister.
Ahmed Ouyahia started to print more money.
Ahmed Ouyahia was Algeria's prime minister at the time.
Ahmed Umeri died.
Ahmed Zabana is Algerian.
Ahmed and Sami are Djiboutians.
Ahmed is Malaysian.
Ahmed is a Pakistani citizen.
Ahmed is a Saudi citizen.
Ahmed is a Sudanese citizen.
Ahmed is a jealous person.
Ahmed is a student.
Ahmed is an Afghan citizen.
Ahmed is an Indian citizen.
Ahmed is an Omani citizen.
Ahmed lives in Egypt.
Ahmed lives in Oman.
Ahmedabad is the largest city in Gujarat.
Ahmedabad is the largest city in the State of Gujarat and one of the fastest growing cities in the country.
Ahoy! Can you see us in this fog?
Ahoy, Tom.
Ai and Mariko are close friends. They go everywhere together.
Ai finds it difficult to make friends with Ken.
Ai sat down beside me.
Aibohphobia is the fear of palindromes.
Aichi Prefecture's capital is Nagoya City.
Aid agencies find themselves dealing with a potentially huge humanitarian disaster and are struggling to cope with the unprecedented crisis.
Aid organizations anticipate continued flooding will displace about 200,000 people and affect the lives of 485,000 people.
Aid organizations say that despite their exposure to violence and extremism, children in these camps can be rescued, rehabilitated and reintegrated into the outside world.
Aid packages were delivered to those in need.
Aid workers say access to testing and treatment, social stigma, drug costs, and lack of staff at health facilities continue to be impediments in the global struggle against AIDS.
Aiden built a model rocket.
Aiden helped his neighbor mow the lawn.
Aiding and abetting the enemy is considered treason.
Aight.
Aikido is a Japanese martial art.
Ailurolatry is the worship of cats.
Aim at the target with this gun.
Aim for her!
Aim for the eyes and neck.
Aim for the eyes!
Aim for the eyes, neck, and chest.
Aim for the eyes.
Aim for the fortress.
Aim for the head.
Aim high.
Aim higher.
Aim the gun at the target and then pull the trigger.
Aim the gun at the target.
Aim the video camera at that group.
Aim. Fire!
Aimee and I live in the same house.
Aimee has already eaten her cake.
Aimee is dressing in her bedroom.
Aimee is listening to music now.
Aimee is very tired at the moment.
Aimee was sullen.
Aimee will return home at three o'clock.
Aimee's in the bathroom now.
Aiming at a fair selection, the test's subject will be the same for all of you scientists of the world: write a scientific publication in English!
Aiming at a fair selection, the test’s subject will be the same for all of you scientists of the world: write a scientific publication in English!
Aiming at great souls, you would not miss.
Ain't he cute?
Ain't no pot so crooked, you can't find a lid to fit.
Ain't no way off this ride, kid.
Ain't nobody got time for that!
Ain't nobody got time for that.
Ain't she cute?
Ain't that America?
Ain't that a bitch?
Ain't that cute?
Ain't that just like me?
Ain't the bad press good?
Ain’t it good to be alive?
Ain’t that America?
Air Algerie flies all around the region.
Air Algerie flies to many European destinations.
Air Algerie is 100% state-owned.
Air Algerie is Algeria's flagship carrier.
Air Algerie is far from being the best airline in the region.
Air Algerie needs to connect Algeria to the world.
Air Algérie is Algeria's national airline.
Air France alone serves more than 20 American cities and operates more than 200 flights to the United States per week.
Air as well as sunlight is, needless to say, indispensable to our daily life.
Air atoms and molecules are constantly escaping to space from the exosphere.
Air balloons had not then been invented, nor steamships, nor railways.
Air does not belong to everyone.
Air in the Chrea National Park is pure and easier to breathe.
Air is a mixture of gases that we can't see.
Air is a mixture of gases that we cannot see.
Air is a mixture of gases.
Air is a mixture of invisible gases.
Air is a mixture of several gases.
Air is a mixture of various gases.
Air is a physical substance which has weight.
Air is composed mainly of nitrogen and oxygen.
Air is essential for life.
Air is for people what water is for fish.
Air is indispensable to life.
Air is invisible.
Air is leaking from the tire.
Air is lighter than water.
Air is made of oxygen and nitrogen.
Air is mainly composed of nitrogen and oxygen.
Air is missing!
Air is polluted in cities.
Air is primarily made up of nitrogen and oxygen.
Air is to humans what water is to fish.
Air is to man what water is to fish.
Air is to men what water is to fish.
Air is to us what water is to fish.
Air is unclean because of smoke.
Air mainly consists of oxygen and nitrogen.
Air out this room.
Air out those shoes!
Air out your bedroom from time to time.
Air pollution causes various respiratory diseases.
Air pollution is a big issue in that country.
Air pollution is a big problem in this country.
Air pollution is a major problem.
Air pollution is a problem around here.
Air pollution is a serious global problem.
Air pollution is a serious problem in this country.
Air pollution needs effective solutions.
Air pollution prevents some plants from growing well.
Air pollution will be a threat to our survival.
Air provides considerable thermal insulation when trapped in a chamber.
Air quality has deteriorated these past few years.
Air quality is clearly worse in cities than in the countryside.
Air temperature is measured in the shade.
Air the bedclothes when the weather is good.
Air the futon.
Air the futons.
Air those shoes!
Air traffic control cleared the flight to land.
Air traffic control systems are unified within the European airspace.
Air traffic controller is an extremely high pressure job.
Air traffic controllers are under severe mental strain.
Air traffic has halved.
Air travel is fast; sea travel is, however, restful.
Air, like food, is a basic human need.
Aircraft carriers are so big that only a tactical nuclear weapon can destroy them completely.
Aircraft such as the Cessna 172 and Cessna 152 are popular with flight schools.
Airlines are going bust.
Airlines are suspending flights to Tel Aviv.
Airlines have significantly cut back on flights.
Airmail is faster than surface mail.
Airmail, please.
Airplane food isn't always great.
Airplane mode silences devices.
Airplane tickets can be expensive.
Airplanes are audible long before they are visible.
Airplanes are expensive.
Airplanes don't fly there.
Airplanes enable people to travel great distances rapidly.
Airplanes enable us to travel around the world in a few days.
Airplanes fly above us.
Airplanes fly by moving through almost still air, yet we design and test them using wind tunnels, where the airplane model is fixed and the air is made to move past the model.
Airplanes have made it easy to travel abroad.
Airplanes have taken the place of electric trains.
Airplanes land at airports.
Airplanes pollute a lot.
Airplanes take off and land every minute.
Airplanes were developed with a primary goal: to take their occupants across the skies at speeds never before imagined.
Airport authorities advised passengers to look out for a suspicious-looking people passing through the international terminal.
Airport workers are threatening to strike.
Airships are a common trope in steampunk works.
Airsoft guns can be dangerous.
Airtel Bangladesh CIO Lutfar Rahman read the keynote at the workshop.
Airtel Bangladesh Limited launched 3G service in Rajshahi last Sunday.
Airtel is the fastest growing mobile operator in Bangladesh.
Aisling seems very happy.
Ait Baha is a small Berber-speaking town located in the center of Souss.
Ait Menguellet is very popular in Algeria.
Ait Waghlis are a tribe that originates from a region close to Mount Akfadou.
Ajax Amsterdam is the most famous football club in the Netherlands.
Ajax Amsterdam is the most famous soccer club in the Netherlands.
Ajax will be champions of the Eredivisie.
Ajay is a bad boy.
Ajay is bad.
Ajay is poor.
Ak is the Master Woodsman of the world; he sees everything, and knows more than the sons of men.
Ak, as was his habit when in thought, stroked his grizzled beard slowly.
Akagi sprained an ankle during practice so before the game he taped it up until it was stiff as a board.
Akal Aberkan can be translated literally as black soil.
Akane Oda got her start in a petite miss beauty contest.
Akanukeshita is the term which is used to describe Japanese etiquette and in practical terms refers to refined elegant manners and speech.
Akash's reelection is crucial to saving democracy, the country and the world.
Akbou is one of the largest towns in the Soummam Valley.
Akebono was born in Hawaii but for fifteen years was a professional in Japanese sumo. At over two metres tall, he towers over the other athletes and weighs an astonishing two hundred and thirty-five kilograms.
Akebono was victorious eleven times as a yokozuna, the highest rank in sumo, and lost thirteen times. The Japanese name he chose means "daybreak."
Akhmad Kadyrov was killed in an explosion Grozny.
Aki Yerushalayim is a cultural magazine written in Ladino.
Aki is my dog.
Akihito is a popular ruler, seen as more approachable than his father was. He married a commoner, the Empress Michiko.
Akiji is a soldier turned teacher.
Akiko has an aunt whose name is Hana.
Akiko has many friends in France.
Akiko has several friends in France.
Akiko has some friends in France.
Akiko is busy enough to forget her appointments.
Akin to someone driving a donkey up an incline.
Akira can play tennis well.
Akira is a good tennis player.
Akira is good at playing tennis.
Akira is good at tennis.
Akira is using that same dictionary that his father used as a student.
Akira plays tennis well.
Akira practices archery every Friday.
Akira uses the same dictionary that her father used as a student.
Akira went out for a few minutes.
Akira will stay in New York while his money lasts.
Akita Prefecture's capital is Akita City.
Akkad is not Acadia.
Akkadian is interesting.
Akkadian is not Acadian.
Akli and Yidir look very much alike.
Akli and Yidir talked a lot about working women.
Akli continued on his way.
Akli decided to take a walk along the cliffs to clear his mind. As he walked, he thought about Lina and her story.
Akli does not clean himself.
Akli is a dirty boy.
Akli is all the time dirty.
Akli is always smelling bad.
Akli is much older than me.
Akli is not a faithful man.
Akli learned writing in Kabyle when he got very old.
Akli loves Ddaykha.
Akli never keeps his word.
Akli was born in the early 20s.
Akrotiri is a Bronze age settlement that was buried under volcanic ash.
Aksai Chin is claimed by India, but controlled by China.
Aksel is well know among people.
Aksil and Yidir live in Batna, Algeria.
Aksil hopes to become an astronomer.
Aksil is a doctor.
Aksil is an engineer.
Aksil killed Uqba.
Aksil owns more than a hundred varieties of cactus plants.
Aksil wants to travel to the desert.
Akzo Nobel, the world's largest paint and coatings supplier, reported that Asian sales, which account for 20 percent of global revenue, helped its second quarter profit leap 76 percent from last year to $351 million.
Al Capone used the Tommy gun.
Al Capone was finally sent away for tax evasion.
Al Gore is a global-warming activist.
Al Gore was born in Washington, DC.
Al Jazeera is banned in Algeria.
Al Jazeera is forbidden in Algeria.
Al Merrill of Georgia Tech says that soy is known to suppress cancer. He says that some of this effect may be from a group of molecules. These are called sphingolipids. Plants and animals have many different kinds.
Al Pacino played Shylock in a version of The Merchant of Venice.
Al Smith's parents came from Ireland.
Al Smith’s parents came from Ireland.
Al is married to Betty's only daughter.
Al lived in the Soviet Union, huge and multinational one, at the large Tver Region equal to several English counties in size.
Al-Aqsa is one of Islam's most revered sites.
Al-Ghazali likens the emotions to a kingdom's tax collectors.
Al-Haram Mosque is the largest mosque in the world.
Al-Kahina defeated the Arab conquest.
Al-Mutanabbi died with his sword in his hand.
Al-Qaeda carried out the 9/11 attacks in 2001.
Al-Qaeda leader Osama Bin Laden has been killed by US forces in Pakistan.
Al-Qaida and ISIS are fascist Islamist groups.
Al-Qaida and ISIS members don't speak for Islam.
Al-Qaida exists in every single country that the US wants to annihilate, perhaps even in North Korea.
Al-Qaida was a predecessor to Daesh.
Al-Tabari lived in the 9th and 10th centuries.
Al-Tabari's early history of the Muslim conquests explicitly identifies the location of the Dome of the Rock as the former location of the Jewish Temple.
Alabama is in the Deep South.
Aladdin found a magic lamp.
Aladdin found a miraculous lamp.
Aladdin found a wonderful lamp.
Aladdin wants to fuck Scheherazade.
Alagoas is a Brazilian state located in the Northeast.
Alain Robert, known as the "French Spiderman", was arrested after climbing a high-rise building in Frankfurt without permission.
Alain focused all his attention on his cat.
Alain is a French Jew.
Alain is the human protagonist of the novel.
Alain made a decision.
Alain tells me that it doesn't work, so I'm running tests to know if it works.
Alain tells me that it doesn’t work, so I’m running tests to know if it works.
Alaire loves to read historical fiction.
Alan Garner is the oldest author ever to be included in the shortlist for the Booker Prize, Britain's best known annual literary award. He is also the only British author to be shortlisted this year.
Alan Jackson is a good singer.
Alan Jackson is a very good singer.
Alan Jackson is an excellent singer.
Alan Shepard became the first American in space in the summer of 1961.
Alan Shepard was the first American to enter space.
Alan Shepard was the first American to pilot a spacecraft.
Alan Tate and I looked at one another for a while.
Alan is a perv.
Alan is a poet.
Alan is neither happy, nor satisfied with his marriage.
Alan kills women with his hands.
Alan likes porn.
Alan, you've obviously had enough.
Alana and Nila went clubbing the other day.
Alana, stop trying to subvert the company goals.
Alarm bells were going off in my head like crazy.
Alarm clocks don't work for me.
Alarm clocks don't work on me.
Alarming news came from the suburbs.
Alas!
Alas! My rose trees, how are they broken! Alas! My violets, how they are trodden under foot! Alas! My narcissus and hyacinths, they are rooted up! Some bad and wicked man must have thus wrecked them.
Alas! We are ruined.
Alas! You do not know me, Sir.
Alas! how dreary would be the world if there were no Santa Claus!
Alas! this fear was realized.
Alas, I am dying beyond my means.
Alas, I was inattentive.
Alas, I was late.
Alas, I've no time today. If I did, I'd go to the movies with you.
Alas, as much as I’d like to hide in my germ-free room until my plane arrives, I cannot.
Alas, he died young.
Alas, it seems I am becoming a god.
Alas, she died young.
Alas, that's the kind of world we live in.
Alas, they just keep looking for pretexts!
Alas, what ill luck has befallen me!
Alas.
Alaska holds an annual contest in which teams of 16 dogs pull sledges a distance of about 1,800 kilometres through tundra and forests, crossing rivers, hills and mountain passes. The sledge driver is often called a "musher"; the word comes from the French command "Marche!" In most years the winning musher is from Alaska, but a Swiss citizen has won the event four times, and a Norwegian has won twice.
Alaska is a U.S. state.
Alaska is warming faster than any other state and has warmed twice as fast as the global average since the mid-20th century.
Alaska wasn't even a state when I was born.
Alaska's average temperature in 2019 was above freezing for the first time in recorded history.
Alastair Campbell was well-respected among spin doctors of his time.
Albania allied itself first with the USSR (until 1960), and then with China (to 1978).
Albania became part of the Ottoman Empire and remained under its control for several centuries.
Albania gained its independence from the Ottoman State in 1912.
Albania has made considerable progress in recent years, focusing on reforms and integration into European institutions.
Albania is a parliamentary republic with a multi-party system.
Albania is bordered by Montenegro to the northwest, Serbia to the northeast, North Macedonia to the east, and Greece to the south.
Albania is called "Shqipëria" in Albanian.
Albania is in Europe.
Albania is located in Europe.
Albania is renowned for its rugged terrain, with the Albanian Alps in the north and the Pindus range extending into the south.
Albania is the most devoted Muslim country on Earth.
Albania joined NATO in April 2009 and in June 2014 became an EU candidate.
Albania wants to become a member of the European Union.
Albania wants to join the European Union.
Albania was granted candidate status by the EU.
Albania will become bigger.
Albania's Ionian coast is known for its beaches.
Albania's diverse geography includes coastal plains, mountainous regions, and river valleys.
Albania's economic reforms have attracted foreign investment, particularly in the tourism sector, with the country's scenic landscapes and historical sites drawing increasing numbers of visitors.
Albania's history is marked by various phases, from ancient Illyrian tribes to the Roman Empire, Byzantine influence, and Ottoman rule.
Albania's landscape contributes to the country's varied climate, which ranges from Mediterranean on the coast to continental inland.
Albania's political system is based on a parliamentary structure with a unicameral legislature known as the Assembly of Albania.
Albania's western coastline along the Adriatic Sea and southern coastline along the Ionian Sea offer picturesque views and significant maritime resources.
Albania, Bolivia, Egypt, Peru, Swaziland and Turkey had notably low rates of women with BMIs under 16.
Albania, officially known as the Republic of Albania, is a country situated in Southeast Europe on the western part of the Balkan Peninsula.
Albania, officially known as the Republic of Albania, is a country situated in Southeastern Europe on the Balkan Peninsula.
Albanian isn't like any other language.
Albanian men allow their daughters to marry any Muslim who will take good care of his daughter.
Albanian women are loving and caring for their Husbands and Children.
Albanian women are loyal to their husband.
Albanian women are the most Beautiful in Europe and cover their Beauty with Niqab.
Albanian women do not have boyfriends.
Albanian women do not leave the house without their Husband, Father, Brother or Sons.
Albanian women do not talk to other men unnecessarily.
Albanian women wear Niqab when they go outside.
Albanian women wear loose Niqab.
Albanian women will marry any Religious Muslim Man regardless of their race.
Albanians are ardent believers in Islam.
Albanians are awake.
Albanians are devout Muslims.
Albanians are intelligent.
Albanians are not racist.
Albanians are peaceful, unlike Serbs.
Albanians are the best Jihadists among Muslims.
Albanians do not date as they marry whom their parents select for them.
Albanians do not do Zina.
Albanians fast on other days besides Ramadan.
Albanians hate Zalims a lot.
Albanians love Islam and follow its rules in their daily lives.
Albanians love Jihad.
Albanians love Mecca and Medina.
Albanians love jihad to take Serbian and Greek lands.
Albanians love the Ottoman Empire.
Albanians only eat halal meat.
Albanians pray Faraz, Sunnah and Nafil Namaz every day and also Tahajjud, Duha and Ishraq Namaz.
Albanians read Quran when they are not working.
Albanians take bath every day.
Albanians want Sharia as the official Law of Albania.
Albert Camus (or Albir Kamu) was a French humanist writer and one of the men of literature who made their mark in the 20th century. He was the ninth Frenchman to win the Nobel Prize in Literature, and this was in the year 1957. He died when he was 46 years old following a car accident.
Albert Einstein didn't say that.
Albert Einstein is considered one of the most brilliant minds of the twentieth century.
Albert Einstein once said: "Esperanto is the best solution for the idea of an international language."
Albert Einstein once said: "Esperanto is the best solution to the idea of an international language".
Albert Einstein received the Nobel Prize in 1921.
Albert Einstein said once: "Esperanto is the best solution for the idea of an international language".
Albert Einstein was a German physicist who developed the Theory of Relativity.
Albert Einstein was born in 1879 in Ulm, Germany.
Albert Einstein was born in Germany.
Albert Einstein was born in Ulm in 1879.
Albert Einstein's theory of relativity is the most famous formula in the world.
Albert Einstein's theory of relativity marked modern science.
Albert Einstein’s theory of relativity is the most famous formula in the world.
Albert I became King of Belgium in 1909.
Albert Memmi's book "Decolonization and the Decolonized" is such a breath of fresh air.
Albert Memmi's mother was Berber.
Albert Memmi's semi-autobiographical book "The Pillar of Salt" is about a very poor Jewish kid growing up in Tunis.
Albert had just gone out.
Albert is a Russian citizen.
Albert is always trying his hand at something to test his own skill.
Albert is engaged in foreign trade and often goes abroad.
Albert is quick at learning.
Albert is the last person to break a promise.
Albert's lived his whole life on reserve, in northern Ontario, but several of his children live in big cities like Toronto and Montreal.
Albert, I hope you'll stand by me if I get in trouble.
Albert, I hope you’ll stand by me if I get in trouble.
Alberta Clipper is a fast-moving low pressure system that occurs during the winter and sweeps southeast from Alberta, Canada, across the northern Great Plains and Midwest of the United States. These storms usually bring a few inches of snow.
Alberto adopted his son Walid at the age of five.
Alberto agreed to everything Isabella said.
Alberto agreed to go over and ask Isabella politely to turn the music down.
Alberto always goes hunting in April.
Alberto always looked sad or gloomy.
Alberto always smiled.
Alberto always used to leave a key under the flowerpot.
Alberto and Isabella agreed they will be skipping school the next day.
Alberto and Isabella decided to split up.
Alberto and Isabella didn't even speak to each other.
Alberto and Isabella divorced after their child died.
Alberto and Isabella don't have any children of their own.
Alberto and Isabella had a long conversation about that.
Alberto and Isabella had a really nice evening cooking dinner.
Alberto and Isabella hung out in the living room for a while.
Alberto and Isabella looked at each other for so long.
Alberto and Isabella met through work.
Alberto and Isabella only looked at each other for about a second.
Alberto and Isabella played some pool games.
Alberto and Isabella vibed really well alone.
Alberto and Isabella went trick-or-treating together.
Alberto and his friends wanted to do some cool mischievous things that night.
Alberto answered the door in his pajamas.
Alberto apparently didn't know what personal space was.
Alberto asked Isabella and her friends who they knew there.
Alberto asked Isabella how she knew he was reading that book.
Alberto asked Isabella if she went into his room.
Alberto asked Isabella nicely not to go into his room anymore.
Alberto asked Isabella to check the office.
Alberto asked Isabella to come with him.
Alberto asked Isabella what book she was reading.
Alberto asked Isabella what she was doing.
Alberto asked Isabella where she was going.
Alberto asked Isabella where we should meet up.
Alberto asked Isabella who John was.
Alberto asked Isabella why she was holding a pumpkin.
Alberto asked Isabella why she was out in the rain.
Alberto asked his parents to come home.
Alberto asked if it was Isabella.
Alberto asked: "Who's Isabella." And I said: "I am."
Alberto assumed Isabella was playing.
Alberto became Walid's roommate.
Alberto became a believer in the paranormal.
Alberto began closing down his computer.
Alberto began his attempt at communicating with some kind of spirit.
Alberto began to feel intimidated.
Alberto begged Isabella not to call Dad.
Alberto begged Isabella to hurry back.
Alberto believed that was a break-in.
Alberto blocked the only exit.
Alberto booked an Airbnb by himself.
Alberto brought Isabella back to the apartment.
Alberto brought his laptop with him.
Alberto brought his sisters home.
Alberto brought the ball inside his house.
Alberto burst out the back door.
Alberto called Isabella "Crazy Bella" because she was super tough.
Alberto called his German Shepherd an idiot.
Alberto called it quits with the trick-or-treating and walked back home.
Alberto called the cops without telling his brother.
Alberto called the landlord and explained everything.
Alberto called the police promptly.
Alberto called the sheriff's office.
Alberto calmly grabbed his bag and left the office.
Alberto came across a small building in the middle of the woods.
Alberto came for five weeks.
Alberto came inside to get the candy.
Alberto came looking for Isabella.
Alberto came out of the surrounding darkness.
Alberto came over, asking for help.
Alberto came rushing over to the door.
Alberto came storming out of the room down the hall.
Alberto came straight from work and was pretty exhausted.
Alberto came through the back door.
Alberto came through the window into Isabella's room.
Alberto came up to the loft.
Alberto caught glimpse of somebody standing near the woods.
Alberto changed into his skiing gear.
Alberto changed into pajamas and brushed his teeth.
Alberto chaperoned a small group of fifteen campers.
Alberto checked Isabella's room first thing.
Alberto checked every room and every closet.
Alberto checked every single bedroom upstairs.
Alberto checked the door anyways.
Alberto checked the entire vehicle.
Alberto chickened out and stayed back.
Alberto clicked his tongue at the roof of his mouth.
Alberto clicked in response.
Alberto closed the blinds to every window in his house.
Alberto collapsed on the couch.
Alberto collected his stuff as quickly as possible.
Alberto completely ignored Isabella's question.
Alberto continued a bit further.
Alberto continued his work.
Alberto continued running all the way back to his truck.
Alberto continued to walk around in the woods.
Alberto continued walking home.
Alberto continued watching his show.
Alberto convinced Isabella to come and pick him up.
Alberto couldn't figure out how the intruder broke in.
Alberto couldn't move a muscle.
Alberto couldn't see any kids.
Alberto couldn't see his hand in front of his face.
Alberto couldn't see who was standing at his door.
Alberto couldn't sleep for nights.
Alberto crashed into the bed.
Alberto cut his trip short and came home.
Alberto decided to check that abandoned house out.
Alberto decided to go back to sleep.
Alberto decided to not contact the cops.
Alberto decided to open the door and peek outside.
Alberto decided to prank Isabella.
Alberto decided to sit outside and smoke.
Alberto decided to sue the resort.
Alberto described everything in detail.
Alberto described everything so eloquently.
Alberto described his childhood in Algeria.
Alberto described his experience in his own words.
Alberto described the homeless guy as if they were a creature.
Alberto described the woman's appearance.
Alberto did a three-point turn and drove back home.
Alberto did it pretty easily.
Alberto did security work in an office building in Bejaia, Algeria.
Alberto did the same thing.
Alberto didn't answer his door.
Alberto didn't appear to be attempting to hide.
Alberto didn't ask anymore questions after that.
Alberto didn't ask anything.
Alberto didn't do a thing but stare at Isabella.
Alberto didn't engage in that conversation in good faith.
Alberto didn't even know if his neighbor was a man or a woman.
Alberto didn't even let Isabella speak.
Alberto didn't even say a word to Isabella.
Alberto didn't follow Isabella.
Alberto didn't get a good look at who was inside that room.
Alberto didn't get details from the boat.
Alberto didn't get much candy this Halloween.
Alberto didn't have a lot of money.
Alberto didn't have any real plans that night.
Alberto didn't have plans anyways.
Alberto didn't hear any noises in the house.
Alberto didn't know how to get back to Isabella's house.
Alberto didn't know what Isabella was planning.
Alberto didn't know what was following him.
Alberto didn't know why the door would be locked.
Alberto didn't live very close to Isabella's house.
Alberto didn't make any noise.
Alberto didn't remember anything out of the ordinary while he was there.
Alberto didn't see anything when he was outside.
Alberto didn't seem to be breathing.
Alberto didn't sleep too well that night.
Alberto didn't stay in that mansion anymore.
Alberto didn't stay there after that.
Alberto didn't stop talking to Isabella.
Alberto didn't turn around.
Alberto didn't want Isabella in the house during the party.
Alberto didn't want any trouble.
Alberto didn't want to get any louder.
Alberto didn't work there.
Alberto doesn't even know if he should place any charges on Isabella.
Alberto doesn't go there anymore.
Alberto doesn't hide a key outside anymore.
Alberto doesn't know how to describe that.
Alberto doesn't know why he didn't think of doing that sooner.
Alberto doesn't remember the full details.
Alberto doesn't remember what he was doing.
Alberto doesn't walk into people's houses without permission.
Alberto doesn't want to answer Isabella's questions.
Alberto dropped his candy bag and ran for it.
Alberto drove in the direction of Isabella's house.
Alberto even considered calling the cops for a second.
Alberto even had fun doing that.
Alberto eventually opened the blinds.
Alberto exited the cabin.
Alberto explored different parts of the town in his car.
Alberto exposed himself.
Alberto expressed to his wife his concern.
Alberto feared the worst.
Alberto fell asleep with the TV on.
Alberto felt alone even when he was surrounded by plenty of people.
Alberto felt his heart drop into his stomach.
Alberto felt like Isabella was looking at him.
Alberto felt like he was dreaming the entire thing.
Alberto felt like his heart dropped from his chest when he saw that man holding a knife.
Alberto felt more furious than anything.
Alberto felt safe to leave his house.
Alberto felt the temperature drop.
Alberto felt welcome.
Alberto figured Isabella had kids.
Alberto finished his movie and went to bed.
Alberto followed Isabella home.
Alberto followed Isabella to school.
Alberto forced Isabella to answer the door.
Alberto forgot to lock the front door.
Alberto found Isabella's group at the camp.
Alberto found a dead body in the warehouse.
Alberto found a dead body lying in a pool of blood.
Alberto found a deranged-looking person in the warehouse.
Alberto found a key in the bottom of the inside of the pumpkin.
Alberto found a large inverted cross in that room.
Alberto found a man hiding under his bed.
Alberto found a rotting carcass in the basement.
Alberto found a rubber clown nose on the porch.
Alberto found a severed human finger on the ground.
Alberto found an intruder laying under his bed.
Alberto froze on the couch.
Alberto gave Isabella the address.
Alberto gave Isabella the candy.
Alberto gave Isabella the key code to the room she was staying in.
Alberto gave a really loud laugh.
Alberto gave the trick-or-treaters some candy.
Alberto got Isabella out of her bed.
Alberto got a call back from Isabella, telling him that police were on the way.
Alberto got a refund.
Alberto got back in the car and locked the doors.
Alberto got back into his room.
Alberto got back to his house.
Alberto got bad vibes from Isabella.
Alberto got bore of the game.
Alberto got chills again.
Alberto got closer and closer.
Alberto got closer to the water.
Alberto got down on his knees and looked under the bed.
Alberto got easily intoxicated.
Alberto got everything he could back into the truck.
Alberto got home really late.
Alberto got into his bed and started reading his book.
Alberto got into his car and took a second to breathe.
Alberto got into his truck and peeled out of there.
Alberto got mad at Isabella for coming into the house.
Alberto got ready to jump in the pool.
Alberto got to the cashier.
Alberto got to the stairs of the pool.
Alberto got vibes that Isabella was a dangerous person.
Alberto grabbed Isabella by her arm.
Alberto grabbed Isabella into his arms.
Alberto groggily yelled: "I'm trying to sleep here!"
Alberto had Isabella's parents' information.
Alberto had a babysitter.
Alberto had a beach house in Algeria.
Alberto had a compass with him.
Alberto had a creepy experience during that night.
Alberto had a good laugh about it.
Alberto had a horrible experience down there.
Alberto had a huge amount of experience exploring abandoned buildings at night.
Alberto had a hunting knife and a large stick.
Alberto had a play room.
Alberto had a small night light in his room.
Alberto had a traumatizing experience that night.
Alberto had a twin-sized bed.
Alberto had a very nice sister.
Alberto had all the blinds shut.
Alberto had an abundant supply of candy.
Alberto had an extremely pale ghoulish-looking face.
Alberto had autism.
Alberto had his fist job ever in 2004.
Alberto had no idea what Isabella could have possibly wanted from him.
Alberto had no one to watch his kids.
Alberto had the book under his bed.
Alberto had to accept it. He was lost.
Alberto had to be quiet.
Alberto had to bend down a little bit.
Alberto had to close for the night.
Alberto had to confront the intruder.
Alberto had to force his way in.
Alberto had to keep himself awake.
Alberto had to make five trips from the truck to the house because of the amount of groceries he had bought.
Alberto had to play his part right the first time.
Alberto had to stay at the office late almost every day that week.
Alberto had to wait for Isabella in the living room.
Alberto handed Isabella candy.
Alberto has a phobia of stuffed bears.
Alberto has been chasing Isabella for a long time.
Alberto has been sleeping in the woods.
Alberto has been texting Isabella.
Alberto has never been that terrified.
Alberto has never had to worry about that.
Alberto has never run into that problem before.
Alberto has never spoken to his neighbor.
Alberto has no idea who Isabella is.
Alberto has the runs and needs to go to the bathroom.
Alberto has to get it right.
Alberto has two extra bedrooms in his house.
Alberto hasn't gone trick-or-treating in over five years.
Alberto hasn't seen Isabella ever since.
Alberto headed back to the hole in the wall he entered through.
Alberto headed off to the airport.
Alberto heard Isabella across the hall.
Alberto heard Isabella gasp.
Alberto heard Isabella go downstairs.
Alberto heard Isabella laughing.
Alberto heard Isabella open the front door.
Alberto heard Isabella talking to herself.
Alberto heard Isabella yelling incomprehensible things outside.
Alberto heard a bucket fall over outside.
Alberto heard a buzzing sound.
Alberto heard a click at his window.
Alberto heard a click under his bed.
Alberto heard a click.
Alberto heard a crunching noise in the hallway.
Alberto heard a door shut upstairs.
Alberto heard a girl's scream come from the woods.
Alberto heard a knock on the door.
Alberto heard a shuffling noise coming from the closet.
Alberto heard a slam elsewhere in the basement.
Alberto heard a splashing sound.
Alberto heard a tap on the window.
Alberto heard a very brief noise in the room.
Alberto heard about that creepy abandoned house.
Alberto heard footsteps coming up the stairs fast.
Alberto heard noises coming from outside.
Alberto heard noises in the middle of the night again.
Alberto heard nothing for what felt like five minutes.
Alberto heard some noise outside.
Alberto heard something from inside the room.
Alberto heard splashes.
Alberto heard strange thud sounds.
Alberto heard that scream.
Alberto heard the creaking.
Alberto heard the front door burst open.
Alberto heard the front door slam shut.
Alberto heard the noise much clearer.
Alberto heard the sound of an object fall and hitting the door.
Alberto heard the sound of something being dropped on the floor.
Alberto heard the sound of the door closing.
Alberto heard the sound of the lock disengaging.
Alberto heard the tapping on the window once again.
Alberto heard the voice of a girl in the middle of the woods.
Alberto heard the wind outside.
Alberto hid under the table, crying.
Alberto hitchhiked his way back to his truck.
Alberto hoisted himself up onto the boat.
Alberto hoped no neighbors would see him.
Alberto hopped in the pool.
Alberto hopped in the shallow end of the pool.
Alberto hurried down the stairs into the cabin and found Isabella with the captain.
Alberto invited his family over for a nighttime barbecue.
Alberto is Isabella's counselor.
Alberto is a Jaws fan.
Alberto is a very last-minute person when it comes to Halloween costumes.
Alberto is apparently not like the other kids.
Alberto is completely terrified.
Alberto is from Costa Rica. He is Costa Rican.
Alberto is having a fun party tonight.
Alberto is on private property.
Alberto is perfectly fine.
Alberto is pretty small for a guy.
Alberto is the kid Isabella will be babysitting.
Alberto is totally a man.
Alberto is very fond of doing something that his brother Charles would never do.
Alberto joined in in the conversation.
Alberto jumped in the pool.
Alberto jumped out of bed and rushed to the window.
Alberto jumped right into bed. He was exhausted.
Alberto just ignored Isabella.
Alberto just knocked on the door.
Alberto just stood there on the stoep.
Alberto just wanted peace and quiet.
Alberto just wanted to be far away from there.
Alberto just went on a break.
Alberto kept all the lights on.
Alberto kept asking what was wrong.
Alberto kept helping Isabella.
Alberto kept his eyes on Isabella's house.
Alberto kept running as fast as he could.
Alberto kept running until he felt he had escaped.
Alberto kept the TV on, but muted.
Alberto knew he had closed the front door.
Alberto knew he was in a sketchy area.
Alberto knew that something strange was going on inside of that house.
Alberto knew who lived in that house.
Alberto knocked on the door to see if someone was in there.
Alberto laughed shyly.
Alberto leaned over to our side of the fence.
Alberto learnt to code.
Alberto left as soon as Isabella got there.
Alberto left that door open.
Alberto left that same night.
Alberto left the bedroom nice and neat.
Alberto left the door to the bathroom unlocked.
Alberto left the house as easily as he entered.
Alberto left the key in the lock.
Alberto left the lights back and went back to his room.
Alberto left to the party at around ten pm.
Alberto let Isabella stay there for the night.
Alberto let the intruder know that he was armed.
Alberto lied on the sand.
Alberto lifted his hand, revealing a key he was holding.
Alberto likes Christmas the most.
Alberto listed the house for sale.
Alberto listened to his parents.
Alberto lived in a small house on a quiet road.
Alberto lives alone.
Alberto locked all the doors.
Alberto locked the door and called 911.
Alberto locked the door behind him.
Alberto looked at Isabella with a look of crazy in his eyes. She looked away.
Alberto looked at his girlfriend and she looked at him.
Alberto looked at the closet.
Alberto looked down the stairs and listened.
Alberto looked for any signs of stolen items.
Alberto looked in that direction.
Alberto looked out the window, then ducked.
Alberto looked throughout the room.
Alberto lost the lawsuit.
Alberto lounged on the beach until it got really dark.
Alberto lowered the volume on the TV.
Alberto made a joke about that.
Alberto made a mad dash to the bathroom and from it.
Alberto made it to the stairway.
Alberto managed to get Isabella fired.
Alberto managed to resuscitate Isabella.
Alberto met Isabella at the house, panicked and confused.
Alberto moved away from the window.
Alberto moved out a month later.
Alberto must be in there.
Alberto must have run for it.
Alberto needed to be babysat on the weekend.
Alberto needed to stop for the night.
Alberto needs to find a new hiding spot for the key.
Alberto needs to get himself accustomed to Isabella's behavior.
Alberto never called or texted Isabella.
Alberto never condones his kids wasting water.
Alberto never heard any voices there.
Alberto never returned to that house.
Alberto never returned to that place.
Alberto never said who the dead body was.
Alberto never saw Isabella again.
Alberto never saw a car in that house's driveway.
Alberto never turned that light on.
Alberto never used a Ouija board again.
Alberto never went back there.
Alberto noticed something in the near distance.
Alberto noticed that book.
Alberto offered to come by and unlock the door.
Alberto opened the bathroom door.
Alberto opened the bathroom window and screamed for help.
Alberto opened the door and looked outside for a second.
Alberto opened the door quietly and pushed it open slowly.
Alberto opened the door right there and then.
Alberto owns a tattoo place.
Alberto packed everything up as quickly as possible.
Alberto painted Isabella a portrait.
Alberto parked his car on a dirt road.
Alberto passed the dead end sign.
Alberto picked up almost right away.
Alberto picked up on the first ring.
Alberto played volleyball.
Alberto pointed out at the ocean and said: "What is that?"
Alberto poked his head out to see who was knocking on the window.
Alberto pounded on the door, screaming Isabella's name.
Alberto pounded on the door.
Alberto probably wanted that.
Alberto promised Isabella a living hell if she did not move out the next week.
Alberto pulled Isabella out of the closet.
Alberto pulled Isabella out of the pool.
Alberto pulled Isabella out of the room.
Alberto pulled over and waited.
Alberto pulled the body out of the water.
Alberto pulled the shower curtain half open.
Alberto pulled to the side of the road and waited for Isabella.
Alberto punished Isabella and prohibited her from going to the beach at night.
Alberto pushed the door with a bit of force and it opened.
Alberto put his ear up to the door to listen.
Alberto put on a show on Netflix.
Alberto put the knife back in his pocket.
Alberto quickly learnt that the girl's name was Isabella.
Alberto quietly packed up his stuff.
Alberto ran all the way back to Isabella's house.
Alberto ran away from the house.
Alberto ran away from the window.
Alberto ran back to the cabin where he left Isabella.
Alberto ran back upstairs with Isabella.
Alberto ran down the flight of stairs to the fifth floor.
Alberto ran faster than he ever could.
Alberto ran for help.
Alberto ran into the hall, expecting to see Isabella.
Alberto ran into the water.
Alberto ran into the woods, calling Isabella's names.
Alberto ran over to the light.
Alberto ran to Isabella's room.
Alberto ran to the end of the aisle.
Alberto ran to the living room.
Alberto ran to the nearest hospital.
Alberto ran to the office downstairs.
Alberto ran to try and catch up to the intruder.
Alberto reached into his pocket and pulled something out.
Alberto read all those compliments.
Alberto really needed to get that homework done.
Alberto recorded his visits to abandoned places.
Alberto reminded Isabella of her father's annoying humor.
Alberto rented the big warehouse for the entire weekend.
Alberto repeated himself over and over, saying: "Take this bag!"
Alberto responded in a deep voice: "This is my seat."
Alberto rested at Isabella's place for a while.
Alberto returned to the bungalow.
Alberto rolled down his window and asked Isabella if she wanted a ride.
Alberto rushed to the window.
Alberto said goodbye to his mom.
Alberto said he would be here in five.
Alberto said yes anyways.
Alberto sat back down on the couch and continued to play.
Alberto sat back down on the couch.
Alberto sat down on Isabella's couch.
Alberto sat in silence.
Alberto sat in the middle of the bed.
Alberto sat on the bed in silence.
Alberto sat there, frozen in fear, as Isabella came closer.
Alberto sat there, stunned.
Alberto sat there, watching whatever he could find on the TV.
Alberto sat up in his bed.
Alberto sat up to see what his German Shepherd was looking at.
Alberto saw Isabella down below, in his backyard.
Alberto saw Isabella hiding in a bush.
Alberto saw Isabella quickly walk away.
Alberto saw Isabella walking down the stairs.
Alberto saw John leave the bar right after Isabella.
Alberto saw a girl walk in there.
Alberto saw a guy with an abnormally long face standing in the dark hallway.
Alberto saw a man wearing a woman's wig walking and talking to himself in the woods.
Alberto saw a raccoon in the backyard.
Alberto saw some kind of deformed humanoid thing walking out of the water.
Alberto saw some weird deformed guy watching him in the woods.
Alberto saw somebody standing at the door.
Alberto saw something at the edge of the fence.
Alberto saw something dark sitting at the bottom of the pool.
Alberto saw what Isabella was looking at.
Alberto says he supports transgender people.
Alberto screamed Isabella's name.
Alberto screamed in a shaky voice.
Alberto screamed something else as Isabella ran to the front door.
Alberto screamed until he lost the ability to scream.
Alberto screamed: "Run!"
Alberto seemed awkward and creepy.
Alberto seemed completely innocent.
Alberto seemed easy to get along with.
Alberto seemed super friendly.
Alberto seemed to be really nice.
Alberto set up the X-box in the living room.
Alberto shined his light down the stairs, but couldn't see the bottom.
Alberto shined his light into that hole.
Alberto shook Isabella's hand and introduced himself.
Alberto should have pressed charges.
Alberto shouldn't have driven home with alcohol in his system.
Alberto showed Isabella around the apartment.
Alberto showed Isabella how to play better.
Alberto showed Isabella how to swim.
Alberto shrugged his shoulders.
Alberto shut his flashlight.
Alberto shut off the TV and went upstairs to sleep.
Alberto shut off the flashlight as he tiptoed to the door of the closet.
Alberto shut the door, almost slamming it in Isabella's face.
Alberto signaled for Isabella to stop.
Alberto slammed the door shut again.
Alberto slammed the door shut in Isabella's face.
Alberto slashed Isabella's tires.
Alberto slept at ten o'clock that night.
Alberto slept in a tiny bedroom.
Alberto slept in an abandoned house in the middle of a forest.
Alberto slept in an abandoned house in the middle of the woods.
Alberto slept like a baby.
Alberto slept with the door open.
Alberto slid the door open and shut quietly.
Alberto slowly and quietly opened the front door.
Alberto smelt something foul upstairs.
Alberto snuck into Isabella's apartment at an opportune time.
Alberto snuck out of the truck unheard.
Alberto snuck out through the back door.
Alberto soon turned off the light.
Alberto sped the hell away from that abandoned gas station.
Alberto spent most of his time unpacking his clothes.
Alberto spoke in a deep raspy voice.
Alberto sprinted all the way back to the camp.
Alberto sprinted back to his house.
Alberto stared at the house as he talked to the 911 dispatcher.
Alberto started asking goofy stupid questions.
Alberto started booking it towards his truck.
Alberto started getting really uncomfortable.
Alberto started knocking aggressively on the window.
Alberto started moving towards the ladder of the pool.
Alberto started packing up his copious amounts of equipment.
Alberto started screaming and freaking out.
Alberto started slowly, yet menacingly, approaching Isabella's car.
Alberto started tiptoeing to the back door.
Alberto started to charge us and we all ran in different directions.
Alberto started to doze off, too.
Alberto started to feel sick inside.
Alberto started to find that more and more hilarious.
Alberto started to hear roosters in the distance.
Alberto started to hyperventilate.
Alberto started to walk faster.
Alberto started walking a little closer, then stopped.
Alberto started walking backwards.
Alberto started yelling: "Stop!"
Alberto stayed for four days.
Alberto stayed in the pool.
Alberto stayed on the line with the 911 operator.
Alberto stayed on the phone with the cops.
Alberto stayed on the premises while the police search the place.
Alberto stayed with Grandma until we moved to our new house.
Alberto stayed with his mom for a week.
Alberto stepped away from the door.
Alberto stepped outside onto the back porch.
Alberto still has Isabella's number to this day.
Alberto still thinks about Isabella.
Alberto still visits Algeria occasionally.
Alberto stole a huge pumpkin from Isabella's farm.
Alberto stood at the door with a big smile on his face.
Alberto stood in place and looked at Isabella.
Alberto stood motionless, in complete shock.
Alberto stood still.
Alberto stood there in the rain, dumbfounded.
Alberto stood there like a statue.
Alberto stood there the whole time, listening.
Alberto stood there, as if he were waiting.
Alberto stood up and walked over to the window.
Alberto stopped a couple blocks down the road to catch his breath.
Alberto stopped and looked at Isabella, smiling.
Alberto stopped at the end of the aisle.
Alberto stopped halfway through the aisle.
Alberto stopped to the stop sign.
Alberto suddenly didn't feel alone in the house.
Alberto swam over to the boat.
Alberto swung the door open.
Alberto swung to the left to look at the window.
Alberto talked a lot in his play.
Alberto talked in a deep, commanding voice.
Alberto talked to the camp coordinator.
Alberto texted Isabella again.
Alberto texted Isabella to come back right away.
Alberto texted Isabella to make sure she made it home OK.
Alberto thanked Isabella and shook her hand.
Alberto thanked Isabella for picking him up.
Alberto thought it was Isabella who came into the house.
Alberto threw all his stuff on the couch.
Alberto threw everything in the back so he would be ready to go.
Alberto threw on his bathing suit and ran to the pool.
Alberto threw that blue ball over the fence.
Alberto threw the Ouija board in the garbage.
Alberto threw the teddy bear into the corner of the room.
Alberto threw up the second he made it out of the door.
Alberto told Isabella he was going to bed.
Alberto told Isabella he was heading out.
Alberto told Isabella that Walid wasn't lying.
Alberto told Isabella that they should leave.
Alberto told Isabella to be back in ten minutes.
Alberto told Isabella to come here.
Alberto told Isabella to follow him quietly.
Alberto told Isabella to follow him.
Alberto told Isabella to meet him at Walid's house.
Alberto told Isabella to never speak to John again.
Alberto told Isabella to stay in bed.
Alberto told Isabella to stay in her bed.
Alberto told Isabella to stay put.
Alberto told Isabella to stay very quiet.
Alberto told Isabella to stop crying.
Alberto told Isabella to swim back to the beach with him.
Alberto told Isabella to wait there.
Alberto told all the neighbors his story.
Alberto told the about it.
Alberto took Isabella's name and number down.
Alberto took a road trip to the Blida Atlas.
Alberto took a shower just to clear his mind.
Alberto took a trip to the Blida Atlas.
Alberto took a walk down to the water.
Alberto took his youngest sister trick-or-treating.
Alberto took off his shirt and jumped into the pool.
Alberto took one more look inside, then left.
Alberto took the ball and threw it over the fence separating his property from Isabella's.
Alberto took the pumpkin from Isabella.
Alberto took the stairs down there.
Alberto touched the cold water.
Alberto tried calling Isabella five times.
Alberto tried hard not to look at Isabella anymore.
Alberto tried his best to clear his head.
Alberto tried his best to fall asleep.
Alberto tried pushing the door open.
Alberto tried the door handle.
Alberto tried to be more creative.
Alberto tried to pull Isabella under the water.
Alberto tried to ram the door.
Alberto turned and ran.
Alberto turned and started running.
Alberto turned around again.
Alberto turned around to leave Isabella's house.
Alberto turned every light in the house on.
Alberto turned off all the nights.
Alberto turned off his flashlight.
Alberto turned off the lights completely on that side of the office.
Alberto turned off the screen.
Alberto turned on his flashlight.
Alberto turned on the water.
Alberto turned the light off and tried to fall asleep.
Alberto turned the volume on the TV all the way down and listened.
Alberto turned to look at Isabella's house.
Alberto turned to look at Isabella.
Alberto turned to see Isabella looking at him.
Alberto turned to the house and saw one of the upstairs lights on.
Alberto used that as stock footage for his documentaries.
Alberto used to be a party planner and event coordinator.
Alberto used to be big on urban exploration.
Alberto volunteered to watch Isabella's kids.
Alberto vouched for what he was saying.
Alberto waited a little bit.
Alberto waited for Isabella in the pool.
Alberto waited for the cops to come.
Alberto waited in the shed until the police arrived.
Alberto walked around the village for a little bit.
Alberto walked as fast as he could without running.
Alberto walked away without saying thanks.
Alberto walked home in the rain.
Alberto walked onto the beach.
Alberto walked out the front door.
Alberto walked really, really slowly.
Alberto walked to his house that night.
Alberto walked to school since he lived two blocks away from his high school.
Alberto walked to that direction, not saying anything.
Alberto walked to the edge of the pool.
Alberto walked to the nurse's office.
Alberto walked up to the front door.
Alberto walked up to the pool.
Alberto wanted to be back by ten o'clock the latest.
Alberto wanted to be funny.
Alberto wanted to follow Isabella.
Alberto wanted to get as much candy as possible.
Alberto wanted to go back to the cabin to go to sleep.
Alberto wanted to go in the water at night.
Alberto wanted to just go home and go to bed.
Alberto wanted to look tough in front of Isabella.
Alberto wanted to make it a good time.
Alberto wanted to play volleyball and Isabella was up for it.
Alberto wanted to push his creativity.
Alberto wanted to retype the entire page.
Alberto wanted to see what his parents had to say first.
Alberto wanted to stay downstairs.
Alberto wants to start learning Berber today.
Alberto was a big-looking guy.
Alberto was a couple hundred feet away.
Alberto was a dangerous person who had ill intents.
Alberto was a dumb high schooler.
Alberto was a friendly, smiley Mexican coworker at my software workplace on top of Burnaby Mountain.
Alberto was a little freaked out.
Alberto was a lot closer.
Alberto was a sexual predator.
Alberto was a skinnyish build.
Alberto was able to lift the table.
Alberto was able to open the door.
Alberto was about to get in his truck.
Alberto was afraid to go down there.
Alberto was already awake from the noise.
Alberto was already awake from the noises.
Alberto was always kind of sad.
Alberto was an urban explorer.
Alberto was approaching the front door.
Alberto was approaching the woods.
Alberto was as dizzy and confused as Isabella was.
Alberto was assigned to the warehouse that night.
Alberto was at least six feet tall.
Alberto was at the bottom of the pool.
Alberto was at the window.
Alberto was attempting to break into Isabella's house.
Alberto was away.
Alberto was banging on the door.
Alberto was chaperoned a large group of kids at the summer camp.
Alberto was close to everything he needed.
Alberto was coming outside after the kids.
Alberto was completely confused.
Alberto was completely insane.
Alberto was completely unable to move.
Alberto was covering his face.
Alberto was crying hysterically.
Alberto was dancing slowly in the center of the room.
Alberto was doing homework.
Alberto was doing the same thing as Isabella.
Alberto was dressed as a clown.
Alberto was dressed up as Michael Myers on Halloween.
Alberto was driving around some desolate town in the middle of nowhere.
Alberto was driving down a quiet residential road.
Alberto was drunk and wouldn't stop talking to Isabella.
Alberto was even more disturbed.
Alberto was extra touchy as he was showing Isabella how to swim.
Alberto was extremely nervous.
Alberto was feeling brave and cocky.
Alberto was finishing up on his work.
Alberto was frantic in the truck.
Alberto was getting changed into his pajamas.
Alberto was glaring over to us.
Alberto was going out with his friends.
Alberto was gone too quickly.
Alberto was greeted by his German Shepherd, Rocky.
Alberto was halfway across the hallway.
Alberto was halfway through the hallway when he heard the noise again.
Alberto was hanging out on the beach.
Alberto was having a Halloween party.
Alberto was having second thoughts.
Alberto was hearing noises coming from outside of his farmhouse.
Alberto was hiding behind a pile of cardboard boxes.
Alberto was holding Isabella's hand and approaching a blue van.
Alberto was holding a large kitchen knife.
Alberto was holding a weapon.
Alberto was holding some kind of spear-like object.
Alberto was home on Halloween.
Alberto was home. His car was in the driveway.
Alberto was hopelessly running through the dark woods.
Alberto was in a Halloween costume.
Alberto was in a dead-silent basement.
Alberto was in his bed on his laptop, watching Netflix.
Alberto was in his playroom still.
Alberto was in his room, watching TV.
Alberto was in no mood to read anymore.
Alberto was in no mood to teach anymore.
Alberto was in the fifth aisle.
Alberto was in the freezing cold water.
Alberto was in the lobby when the police officers came back.
Alberto was in the office, but didn't see anyone.
Alberto was in the rain.
Alberto was in the warehouse that night.
Alberto was in the water, watching Isabella.
Alberto was in there the entire time Isabella was.
Alberto was inappropriately touching Isabella.
Alberto was inside the abandoned house.
Alberto was just a security guard.
Alberto was just an old guy who wasn't tech-savvy.
Alberto was just playing.
Alberto was just talking to himself.
Alberto was kind of scared to look out the window.
Alberto was leaving because of Isabella.
Alberto was listening and muttering incredulously to himself.
Alberto was looking down at Isabella.
Alberto was looking down through that hole.
Alberto was looking for his sister.
Alberto was looking for the girl.
Alberto was looking up to Isabella's window, waving.
Alberto was luckily near a police station.
Alberto was mere seconds away from losing his kid forever.
Alberto was messing around.
Alberto was more than a mile away from his house.
Alberto was navigating the whole area in the dark with nothing but a flashlight.
Alberto was obviously shook.
Alberto was on a road trip from Bejaia to Algiers.
Alberto was on his way over.
Alberto was on the event planning team.
Alberto was on the other side.
Alberto was on the phone with Isabella.
Alberto was on vacation around Easter time.
Alberto was only half an hour into his shift when Isabella called him.
Alberto was opening the door.
Alberto was out of the neighborhood for years.
Alberto was out there again.
Alberto was out, partying.
Alberto was paying Isabella for her videography and photography skills.
Alberto was perched upon the roof, looking down at Isabella.
Alberto was playing his PS4.
Alberto was pointed out something in the water.
Alberto was poking out from behind a cabinet.
Alberto was preparing the Halloween decorations.
Alberto was pretty scared at this point.
Alberto was probably at the party for a couple hours.
Alberto was put in some kind of treatment center.
Alberto was ready to finish that job and get home.
Alberto was rubbing Isabella's shoulder.
Alberto was sawing a big piece of wood.
Alberto was saying things under his breath and Isabella couldn't make out any of it.
Alberto was scared shitless.
Alberto was scared that someone was downstairs.
Alberto was screaming as if he was mentally ill.
Alberto was screaming as loud as he could.
Alberto was screaming at the homeless guy.
Alberto was screaming at the sight of the bear.
Alberto was shocked to see the bowl of almonds completely empty.
Alberto was showing Isabella how to swim.
Alberto was sitting at his Lego table, singing a song.
Alberto was sitting at that window, looking at Isabella.
Alberto was sitting by the window.
Alberto was sitting in a closet.
Alberto was sitting in a comfortable car.
Alberto was sitting in the corner.
Alberto was sitting in the middle of the room with his toys scattered around him.
Alberto was sitting in the snow.
Alberto was so confused.
Alberto was so drained.
Alberto was so far from home.
Alberto was somewhere in Algeria.
Alberto was speaking eloquently.
Alberto was stalky.
Alberto was standing by the corner of the house.
Alberto was standing in a corner of the room, by the door.
Alberto was standing in his pool.
Alberto was standing in one of the corners.
Alberto was standing in our bushes.
Alberto was standing in the far corner of the room.
Alberto was standing not too far away.
Alberto was standing on the far side of the parking lot.
Alberto was standing outside Isabella's door.
Alberto was standing outside of Isabella's house.
Alberto was standing so close.
Alberto was staring through the window like a creep.
Alberto was staying in a small country inn.
Alberto was stealing our produce.
Alberto was still OK.
Alberto was still barefoot.
Alberto was still frozen in shock.
Alberto was still grappling to understand what just happened.
Alberto was still intoxicated.
Alberto was still on the phone with the police.
Alberto was still tipsy.
Alberto was still very much on edge.
Alberto was still walking.
Alberto was surprisingly fast, but Isabella kept up.
Alberto was surrounded by nothing but forest for miles.
Alberto was swimming around the pool.
Alberto was taken to some kind of special care place.
Alberto was taken to some kind of treatment center.
Alberto was talking about somebody else.
Alberto was talking to his imaginary friend again.
Alberto was talking to thin air.
Alberto was the one who offered we go trick-or-treating.
Alberto was the only other person in the mansion.
Alberto was the only security guard on duty that day.
Alberto was to accompany Isabella.
Alberto was told the house was abandoned.
Alberto was trapped in the pool.
Alberto was traveling from Bejaia to Algiers to compete in a jiu-jitsu tournament.
Alberto was trick-or-treating downtown.
Alberto was trying to figure out what that sound was.
Alberto was trying to find a round in the middle of that vast forest.
Alberto was trying to find his mom.
Alberto was trying to mask his voice.
Alberto was trying to scare the campers away.
Alberto was trying to talk to Isabella every chance he got.
Alberto was up there for a while.
Alberto was using that woman, a prostitute, as bait to lure unsuspecting victims into the woods and rob them.
Alberto was very aware of his surroundings.
Alberto was very combative and unapologetic.
Alberto was waiting for the coffee to heat up.
Alberto was waiting for trick-or-treaters in the living room.
Alberto was waiting in front.
Alberto was waiting to lure Isabella into that apartment.
Alberto was walking around in a big Easter bunny costume.
Alberto was walking around the office.
Alberto was walking back to the pool.
Alberto was walking down the driveway.
Alberto was walking down the stoep.
Alberto was walking in Isabella's direction.
Alberto was watching Isabella.
Alberto was watching Prison Break on Netflix.
Alberto was watching TV that night.
Alberto was watching the kids.
Alberto was wearing a blue sweater.
Alberto was woken up by a noise.
Alberto wasn't afraid at all.
Alberto wasn't back yet.
Alberto wasn't home all day.
Alberto wasn't in the back seat.
Alberto wasn't in the water anywhere.
Alberto wasn't lying.
Alberto wasn't much of a gamer.
Alberto wasn't playing around.
Alberto wasn't satisfied yet.
Alberto wasn't supposed to be alone at that hour.
Alberto wasn't sure why Isabella would have locked that door.
Alberto wasn't tech-savvy.
Alberto wasn't there to trick-or-treat.
Alberto wasn't thrilled with Isabella leaving Walid alone.
Alberto wasn't very drunk anymore.
Alberto watched Isabella for the whole weekend.
Alberto watched Isabella talking the key from under the flower pot.
Alberto watched TV until the sun went down.
Alberto watched TV with Isabella.
Alberto watched a good scary movie.
Alberto waved Isabella over.
Alberto waved the kids to come into the house with his hand.
Alberto went back to watching TV.
Alberto went back upstairs to resume his shower.
Alberto went down that flight of stairs.
Alberto went down there to investigate.
Alberto went into Isabella's room.
Alberto went into the guest room and shut the door.
Alberto went on a trip to Algiers in the summer of 2004.
Alberto went out for lunch after the shower.
Alberto went over and talked to his neighbor.
Alberto went skiing again.
Alberto went skiing, too.
Alberto went straight to his parents' room.
Alberto went straight to his room to fall into his bed.
Alberto went to a bar with his friends on a Thursday night.
Alberto went to a family resort in Bejaia, Algeria.
Alberto went to a park that was nearby.
Alberto went to a restaurant called "Tala."
Alberto went to look out the window to see what Isabella was doing.
Alberto went to look through the peephole.
Alberto went to the nearest Halloween store and picked a weird costume for himself.
Alberto went to the water fountain.
Alberto went upstairs to check.
Alberto went way too far.
Alberto whispered very lightly.
Alberto will be home in an hour.
Alberto will be right out.
Alberto witnessed that with Isabella.
Alberto woke up an hour later.
Alberto woke up and looked at the clock.
Alberto woke up around five am to noises coming from the hallway.
Alberto woke up from a deep sleep.
Alberto woke up to growling.
Alberto woke up to kids' laughter in the middle of the night.
Alberto wondered what just happened.
Alberto wore a pretty expensive Halloween costume.
Alberto wore a scary Halloween costume.
Alberto worked a total of five weeks.
Alberto worked as a camp counselor at a summer camp.
Alberto worked hard on his Halloween costume.
Alberto worked with the inn.
Alberto wouldn't stop crying.
Alberto wouldn't talk at all.
Alberto wrote obscenities on the wall of the bathroom.
Alberto yanked the shower curtain open.
Alberto yelled Isabella's name angrily.
Alberto yelled at Isabella to piss off.
Alberto yelled at John and threatened to call the police.
Alberto yelled curse words at Isabella.
Alberto yelled out "hello."
Alberto yelled to the kids to come back.
Alberto's German Shepherd looked at him and fell silent.
Alberto's Ouija board session was interrupted by Isabella.
Alberto's apartment complex sits in a pretty safe neighborhood.
Alberto's bedroom window didn't have a view of the pool.
Alberto's clothes were drenched.
Alberto's dad called us to come out of the pool.
Alberto's exhaustion overcame his fear and he fell asleep.
Alberto's face was partially illuminated by the moonlight.
Alberto's family lived in Algeria.
Alberto's flashlight caught something hanging from the ceiling.
Alberto's heart skipped a bit as Isabella said that.
Alberto's house has been vacant for months.
Alberto's house hasn't been sold.
Alberto's interview was on a Thursday.
Alberto's office has a lock.
Alberto's office was how he had left it.
Alberto's old house was on a very quiet street.
Alberto's old mansion was nicknamed "Hell House."
Alberto's parents weren't home all weekend.
Alberto's parents weren't home.
Alberto's response was unsettling.
Alberto's room is upstairs.
Alberto's room was lit only by a computer screen.
Alberto's smile vanished.
Alberto's story freaked even Isabella out.
Alberto's story takes the cake.
Alberto's town is by a wonderful beach.
Alberto's view of that job changed entirely.
Alberto's website is down now.
Alberto's whole body was sore.
Alberto's wife can't have kids.
Alberto's wife wasn't home.
Alberto's window slid open.
Albinism cases in turtles have already been reported.
Albino giraffes are very rare.
Albumin was found in my urine before.
Alceste's family is eating with proper manners.
Alceste’s family is eating with proper manners.
Alchemists believed that the philosopher's stone was capable of extending a person's life.
Alchemists tried to transmute base metals into gold and silver.
Alchemists tried to turn base metals such as lead into gold.
Alchemy is considered a form of magic.
Alchemy is considered a form of witchcraft.
Alchemy was the antecedent of chemistry.
Alchemy was the forerunner of modern chemistry.
Alcohol - never again!
Alcohol abuse among the young has increased.
Alcohol abuse has destroyed Yanni's brain.
Alcohol abuse is a serious problem on campus.
Alcohol affects you more quickly on an empty stomach.
Alcohol and hard drugs destroy people's lives.
Alcohol and hard drugs ruin people's lives.
Alcohol and other substance abuse is plaguing our society at the moment.
Alcohol can damage your health.
Alcohol can destroy the liver of a man.
Alcohol causes diarrhea of the mouth.
Alcohol consumption is higher in Eastern Europe than in Western Europe.
Alcohol consumption is increasing every year.
Alcohol consumption is the cause of over half of all car accidents.
Alcohol damages the liver.
Alcohol damages your health.
Alcohol destroyed his liver.
Alcohol destroys the liver.
Alcohol disinhibits.
Alcohol does not solve any problems, but neither does milk.
Alcohol doesn't solve any problems.
Alcohol dries really fast.
Alcohol dulls the mind.
Alcohol dumbs down.
Alcohol evaporates so quickly.
Alcohol has already killed many people.
Alcohol has done great mischief to his body.
Alcohol has taken over your life.
Alcohol impairs judgment and coordination.
Alcohol impairs your judgment.
Alcohol influenced him.
Alcohol is Tom's drug of choice.
Alcohol is a cure.
Alcohol is a drug.
Alcohol is a processed food.
Alcohol is also cheap in Germany.
Alcohol is bad for the health.
Alcohol is bad for your health.
Alcohol is beginning to tell on his speech.
Alcohol is cheap in Germany, too.
Alcohol is dangerous.
Alcohol is forbidden in Islam.
Alcohol is forbidden in many Muslim countries.
Alcohol is harmful to health.
Alcohol is harmful to your health.
Alcohol is his kryptonite.
Alcohol is sometimes called liquid courage.
Alcohol is the answer. I can't remember the question.
Alcohol is the devil's mouthwash.
Alcohol is the enemy.
Alcohol is the international language.
Alcohol is their only friend.
Alcohol isn't banned in Algeria.
Alcohol lowers inhibitions.
Alcohol makes his face swell up.
Alcohol mixed with energy drinks can be a dangerous combination.
Alcohol muddled part of the man's brain that usually handles inhibitory actions.
Alcohol nauseates him, so he never drank.
Alcohol overdose causes perception problems.
Alcohol provokes the desire, but takes away the performance.
Alcohol ruined his life.
Alcohol sloshed out of his cup as he drunkenly stumbled through the crowded hallway.
Alcohol started loosening Yanni's lips.
Alcohol took me to the brink of despair.
Alcohol took over his life.
Alcohol was Sami's drug of choice.
Alcohol was a contributing factor.
Alcohol-related deaths are increasing in the United States.
Alcoholics Anonymous is a cult.
Alcoholics Anonymous is a faith healing program.
Alcoholics' children are more likely to have drinking problems.
Alcoholism is a horrible disease.
Alcoholism is a huge problem on Indian reservations.
Alcoholism is incurable.
Alcoholism is not funny.
Alcoholism is rife in some parts of Kabylie.
Alcoholism isn't funny.
Alcoholism ruined my life.
Alderman Jones knew that it would be political suicide to ignore the vociferous opponents of putting a new shelter in the neighborhood.
Aldi is a German discount supermarket chain.
Alejandra is from Colombia. She is Colombian.
Alejandra wrote to her pen pal in Italy.
Alejandro Corrales Félix makes quick, high-energy Spanish-language videos on Social Media about life in San Pedro de la Cueva, Sonora, Mexico.
Alejandro has written a zombie novel that will make history.
Alert the neighbors!
Alert! Tom, open your eyes, something is going on at the beach.
Alert, in Nunavut, Canada, is the northernmost permanently inhabited place in the world.
Alessandro Manzoni’s 1840 novel "The Betrothed" ("I Promessi Sposi") is set against the backdrop of a plague that struck the villages around Milan and then advanced into the city itself in 1630.
Alessandro Volta was born on the 18th of February 1745, 270 years ago in Como, Italy.
Alessia can't speak English.
Alessia cannot speak English.
Alessia missed a sitter but, from the rebound, scored a worldie.
Alessia's homework is very difficult.
Alesszia doesn't speak English.
Alex Jarrett discovered that he lived within a few kilometers of the place where the 43 degree north latitude line crosses the 72 degree west longitude line.
Alex built his dream home in the picturesque countryside of France.
Alex couldn't decide on which bathroom to go into.
Alex found consolation in the words of his friend.
Alex grew up in an upmarket part of town.
Alex has already said they go by "they", so why do you insist on using "he"?
Alex is a non-binary person.
Alex is a unisex name.
Alex is considered a gender-free name.
Alex is for the most part just an ordinary bird.
Alex is genderqueer.
Alex is my friend.
Alex is non-binary.
Alex is nonbinary.
Alex isn't my partner. They're just a friend.
Alex kicked the ball so high that it came down with snow on it.
Alex left without saying anything to anyone.
Alex names objects, like "walnut," "paper" and "corn".
Alex often spends his holiday in Spain.
Alex said that the rooms are very comfortable.
Alex said that they'll do it tomorrow.
Alex seemed to learn nouns such as "paper," "key" and "cork," and color names such as "red," "green" and "yellow."
Alex stood in line for many hours to buy the new iPhone.
Alex used to be called Tom, but they changed their name last year.
Alex will answer, "Color!"
Alex would correctly describe the object and color, even if he had never seen that object before.
Alex' mother lapsed into a coma not long before the fall of the Berlin Wall.
Alex's gender is neither male nor female, so they go by the pronoun "they."
Alex's son attends a special school.
Alexa is a cop.
Alexa's a cop.
Alexander Acosta, when he was the U.S. attorney in Miami, agreed in 2008 to an Epstein guilty plea agreement under which he served 13 months in a local stockade, but was freed half of most days to go to work at his office.
Alexander Alekhine, Mikhail Botvinnik, Vassili Smyslov, Mikhail Tal, Tigran Petrosian, Boris Spasski, Viktor Korchnoi, Anatoli Karpov and Gari Kasparov are extraordinary and very famous chess players, all of them from Russia.
Alexander Graham Bell invented the telephone.
Alexander Hamilton was a proud man.
Alexander Lukashenko is the long-time ruler of Belarus.
Alexander Selkirk was marooned on a Pacific island for four years.
Alexander died in Babylon.
Alexander goes to the supermarket regularly.
Alexander is not younger than Vladimir.
Alexander makes mistakes. It proves he's not a robot.
Alexander often visits the supermarket.
Alexander ordered the tomb of Cyrus to be opened.
Alexander ruled for thirteen years.
Alexander the "Great" was nothing but a tyrant who just killed, killed and killed all his life long.
Alexander the Great conquered part of India.
Alexander the Great conquered part of present-day Pakistan.
Alexander the Great died in Babylon.
Alexander the Great invaded India.
Alexander was a great conqueror.
Alexander was wounded by an arrow.
Alexander wrote sentences in the Berber language.
Alexander wrote some sentences in Berber.
Alexander, a friend of mine, speaks Spanish.
Alexanderplatz is a public square located in the Mitte district of Berlin.
Alexanderplatz is in the center of Berlin.
Alexandra switched to Russian.
Alexandra used to write to her penfriend in Italy.
Alexandra was left to writhe on the floor.
Alexandra would write to her penfriend in Italy.
Alexandra wrote to her penfriend in Italy.
Alexandre often goes to the supermarket.
Alexandrine verse is twelve-syllable.
Alexei Navalny is dead. May he never be forgotten!
Alexei Navalny was doomed from the moment he returned to Russia.
Alexei turned the volume up on the football game so as to drown out the noise of the jackhammers outside on the street.
Alexey is a snowflake photographer.
Alexey's passion is taking closeup pictures of snowflakes.
Alexis is next to the portrait.
Alf refuses to swim.
Alfalfa pellets are more expensive than hay.
Alfonso VI found a vast number of books when he conquered Muslim Toledo in 1085.
Alfred chortled with delight, and clapped his hands before his face.
Alfred has lost interest in this project.
Alfred is a mad inventor whose project is to create hydrophobic water!
Alfred was made captain of the team.
Alfred, King of England, was a great scholar as well as a great ruler.
Alfred, King of England, was an excellent scholar as well as an excellent ruler.
Algae and plankton are at the bottom of the food chain.
Algae feed large swarms of Antarctic krill, which are the main food for large predators, including the region’s Adélie penguins.
Algal overload is common in waterways worldwide caused by fertilizer runoff and poor sewage management.
Algebra is a branch of mathematics.
Algebra is a foundation of machine learning.
Algebra is my favorite subject.
Algebra is my favourite subject.
Algebraic topology is a branch of mathematics.
Algeria abandoned the socialism-based system in the early 1990s.
Algeria absolutely needs to develop its manufacturing sector.
Algeria accepted a revised proposal.
Algeria accepted him as an asylum seeker.
Algeria accepted the Chinese proposal.
Algeria accused Morocco of killing Algerian truck drivers in Western Sahara with Israeli-made drones.
Algeria achieved independence after a war that lasted 7 years.
Algeria achieved its independence from France in 1962.
Algeria achieved its independence in 1962.
Algeria achieved its independence in the early 1960s.
Algeria actively and openly supports Western Sahara to achieve its independence.
Algeria actively and openly supports Western Sahara to get its independence.
Algeria actively provides Western Sahara with military support.
Algeria actively supports Sahrawi independence.
Algeria acts like a bridge between African rival nations in times of crisis.
Algeria admitted it was in economic trouble.
Algeria adopted a market-based economy.
Algeria adopted a more open economy.
Algeria adopted a program of changed based on multi-party politics.
Algeria adopted a socialist economic system.
Algeria adopted new economic policies.
Algeria adopted protectionist policies.
Algeria adopted the free education scheme as soon as it gained its independence.
Algeria adopted this strategy in the 1990s.
Algeria agreed to this.
Algeria aims to increase tourism.
Algeria allies with Russia and China.
Algeria allows free press.
Algeria almost totally forbade Berber in the 1970's.
Algeria already has a good industrial sector.
Algeria already has contracts with some automobile firms.
Algeria already has good industry.
Algeria already has good infrastructure.
Algeria already produces a lot of electricity.
Algeria already suffers from corruption.
Algeria also has a fascinating and very extensive history.
Algeria also produces peaches.
Algeria also supported North Vietnam.
Algeria always wins.
Algeria ambitions to achieve food self-sufficiency?
Algeria ambitions to be an emerging economy.
Algeria and Chad don't share borders.
Algeria and China are best allies.
Algeria and China are building a huge phosphate plant in Tebessa.
Algeria and China are close friends.
Algeria and China are collaborating on interesting projects.
Algeria and China are economic partners.
Algeria and China are friends.
Algeria and China are good friends.
Algeria and China are learning how to make money together.
Algeria and China are strategic partners.
Algeria and China established diplomatic relations in 1958.
Algeria and China formed a company.
Algeria and China formed a new company.
Algeria and China have a lasting relationship.
Algeria and China have a strategic partnership.
Algeria and China have developed a robust trade relationship.
Algeria and China have developed a solid friendship.
Algeria and China have pretty strong relations.
Algeria and China have very good relations.
Algeria and China hold a high position of respect for each other.
Algeria and China need to strengthen their relations.
Algeria and China occasionally negotiate strategic economic ties.
Algeria and China signed the deal after four years of negotiations.
Algeria and Cuba are friends.
Algeria and France are regional allies.
Algeria and France are still reconciling their checkered history.
Algeria and France began falling out.
Algeria and France could be best friends.
Algeria and France could become better allies.
Algeria and France could have much better relations.
Algeria and France have a close cooperation.
Algeria and France have a complicated relationship.
Algeria and France have a long and complicated history.
Algeria and France have a relatively good relationship today.
Algeria and France have close ties.
Algeria and France have complex political relations.
Algeria and France have deep economic links.
Algeria and France have strange relationships.
Algeria and France haven't gotten on so well.
Algeria and France kept close ties after 1962.
Algeria and France need a bigger economic partnership.
Algeria and France need each other more than it seems.
Algeria and France need to work together to address these issues.
Algeria and France's friendship is cold.
Algeria and Iran are partners.
Algeria and Italy have similar climates.
Algeria and Libya are in the process of mending ties.
Algeria and Libya both claimed territory in the Sahara.
Algeria and Morocco are Muslim countries.
Algeria and Morocco are archenemies.
Algeria and Morocco are bitter rivals.
Algeria and Morocco are both Muslim countries.
Algeria and Morocco are competing for influence in North Africa and the Sahel region.
Algeria and Morocco are culturally similar.
Algeria and Morocco are geographically and culturally like fraternal twins.
Algeria and Morocco are geopolitical rivals.
Algeria and Morocco are potential rivals.
Algeria and Morocco are regional powers in North Africa.
Algeria and Morocco are regional rivals.
Algeria and Morocco are rivals.
Algeria and Morocco are struggling for regional dominance.
Algeria and Morocco are the only North African nations that recognize Berber as an official language.
Algeria and Morocco are the two major countries of the Maghreb region.
Algeria and Morocco could become North Africa's economic powerhouses.
Algeria and Morocco do not get along.
Algeria and Morocco don't get along for a number of reasons.
Algeria and Morocco don't get along.
Algeria and Morocco don't get on particularly well.
Algeria and Morocco had a border dispute in the 1960's.
Algeria and Morocco have a frosty relationship.
Algeria and Morocco have a strained bilateral relationship.
Algeria and Morocco have a strange relationship.
Algeria and Morocco have a tense relationship.
Algeria and Morocco have already faced each other in a war.
Algeria and Morocco have border disputes with each other.
Algeria and Morocco have complicated relations.
Algeria and Morocco have frosty relations.
Algeria and Morocco have so much in common.
Algeria and Morocco have unstable relations.
Algeria and Morocco have very large Berber-speaking communities.
Algeria and Morocco have very similar cultures.
Algeria and Morocco just aren't good friends.
Algeria and Morocco maintain a bitter conflict over the independence of Western Sahara.
Algeria and Morocco need to settle their differences.
Algeria and Morocco need to solve their problems.
Algeria and Morocco occasionally escalate diplomatic tensions.
Algeria and Morocco share a complicated history.
Algeria and Morocco share a long border.
Algeria and Morocco should avoid war with each other.
Algeria and Morocco should maintain good relations with each other.
Algeria and Morocco should settle their differences.
Algeria and Morocco would never agree on anything.
Algeria and Nigeria are oil-rich countries.
Algeria and Pakistan are completely different.
Algeria and Russia are allies.
Algeria and Russia are close allies.
Algeria and Russia are friends.
Algeria and Russia are geopolitical partners.
Algeria and Russia are strategic allies.
Algeria and Russia are strategic partners.
Algeria and Russia have a growing rise in bilateral trade.
Algeria and Russia have a really good relationship.
Algeria and Russia have a strategic partnership.
Algeria and Russia have always been on good terms.
Algeria and Russia share close ties.
Algeria and Russia share the closest ties.
Algeria and Tunisia are North African countries.
Algeria and Tunisia are North African nations.
Algeria and Tunisia are both African economies.
Algeria and Tunisia are both North African nations.
Algeria and Tunisia are culturally very similar.
Algeria and Tunisia are in the Mediterranean region.
Algeria and Tunisia are located in North Africa.
Algeria and Tunisia are neighbors.
Algeria and Tunisia are really like brothers.
Algeria and Tunisia enjoy friendly relations.
Algeria and Tunisia have a combined population of over fifty million people.
Algeria and Tunisia have a great relationship.
Algeria and Tunisia have a similar culture.
Algeria and Tunisia have common security concerns.
Algeria and Tunisia have great relations.
Algeria and Tunisia have mutual security concerns.
Algeria and Tunisia have strong cultural connections.
Algeria and Tunisia like each other so much.
Algeria and Turkey are modern nations.
Algeria and Turkey have very good economic ties.
Algeria and Venezuela are natural allies.
Algeria and Venezuela are oil-rich countries.
Algeria and Venezuela have similar political systems.
Algeria and Venezuela share a common point.
Algeria and Western Sahara have a shared history.
Algeria and Western Sahara need to sign a bilateral military agreement.
Algeria and Western Sahara share a border.
Algeria and is neighbors need to work together for a greater common good.
Algeria and the EU have an economic partnership.
Algeria and the US need to sign a trade agreement.
Algeria announced plans for a massive seaport in El Hamdania.
Algeria appears to be at a tipping point.
Algeria appears to be stuck in the dreaded middle-income trap.
Algeria aspires to become a developed country.
Algeria assassinated Kamel-Eddine Fekhar.
Algeria assembles mobile phones.
Algeria attracted many French and European settlers.
Algeria backs Sahrawis.
Algeria backs Western Sahara.
Algeria backs ambitious climate targets.
Algeria backs the diplomatic effort to solve the Libyan crisis.
Algeria banned flights to and from the country.
Algeria based its entire economy on the export of oil.
Algeria became a sovereign state in 1962.
Algeria became an independent country in 1962.
Algeria became an independent nation in 1962.
Algeria became an independent state in 1962.
Algeria became independent from France in 1962.
Algeria became independent from France.
Algeria became independent in 1962.
Algeria became independent on July 5, 1962.
Algeria became rich on exported oil.
Algeria became rich on oil.
Algeria began investing in infrastructure.
Algeria belongs to OPEC.
Algeria blames Israel for deadly forest fires in Kabylia it says were started by terrorists.
Algeria boasts enormous oil and gas riches.
Algeria boasts enormous oil riches.
Algeria borders Libya.
Algeria borders Morocco.
Algeria borders Western Sahara.
Algeria borders both Morocco and Tunisia.
Algeria borders seven countries.
Algeria borders the Mediterranean Sea.
Algeria borders the Mediterranean.
Algeria brokered a ceasefire in Mali.
Algeria built a freeway that links Tunisia directly to Morocco.
Algeria built a mega-four-lane highway called the East-West Motorway.
Algeria built all those things.
Algeria built its economy on the sand.
Algeria built many hydropower projects.
Algeria built many large dams.
Algeria buys Russian fighter jets.
Algeria buys almost everything it needs from abroad.
Algeria buys machines from Italy.
Algeria buys weapons from Russia.
Algeria can attract a lot of tourists.
Algeria can attract big investments.
Algeria can attract foreign investors by offering incentives such as tax breaks, low-interest loans, and free trade zones.
Algeria can be proud.
Algeria can become a developed economy.
Algeria can become a developed nation.
Algeria can become a dynamic economy.
Algeria can become a modern economic superpower.
Algeria can become a powerful economy.
Algeria can become a regional power.
Algeria can become a tourist hub.
Algeria can become an emerging market.
Algeria can benefit greatly from the Belt and Road Initiative.
Algeria can collaborate with international travel agencies to create enticing tour packages that highlight its top tourist destinations.
Algeria can collaborate with neighboring countries, particularly Tunisia, to promote regional tourism circuits, encouraging visitors to explore multiple destinations in the region.
Algeria can create a more favorable business environment that will attract investment, stimulate economic growth, and create job opportunities for its citizens.
Algeria can create dedicated tourist information centers in major cities and tourist sites, providing visitors with guidance, maps, and local recommendations.
Algeria can defend itself against its enemies.
Algeria can develop and maintain a user-friendly and informative tourism website, offering comprehensive information about its attractions, visa procedures, and travel tips.
Algeria can develop and promote adventure tourism activities, such as hiking, trekking, and desert safaris, to attract thrill-seeking travelers.
Algeria can develop its ceramic industry.
Algeria can develop specialized tourism sectors, such as medical tourism, culinary tourism, or religious tourism, to highlight its unique offerings in these areas.
Algeria can do that.
Algeria can draw fresh water from its desert.
Algeria can either cut its spending or raise its taxes.
Algeria can encourage entrepreneurship by providing access to financing, business training, and mentorship programs.
Algeria can engage with the Algerian diaspora and leverage their networks to promote tourism by encouraging family visits, cultural exchanges, and investments in the tourism sector.
Algeria can enhance the rule of law by improving the efficiency and transparency of its legal system and protecting property rights.
Algeria can establish cultural exchange programs that allow tourists to engage with local communities and experience Algerian traditions and customs firsthand.
Algeria can establish partnerships with international media outlets, leveraging travel documentaries and features to increase its visibility as a tourist destination.
Algeria can establish partnerships with universities and research institutions to promote educational and academic tourism, attracting students and scholars interested in its heritage and natural resources.
Algeria can export agricultural machinery to African countries.
Algeria can export its food products to other African nations.
Algeria can export many commodities.
Algeria can export many foodstuffs.
Algeria can export more raw materials.
Algeria can feed its people.
Algeria can have access to the huge sub-Saharan African market.
Algeria can have more market shares in the EU markets.
Algeria can host cultural festivals and events that celebrate its traditions, music, and cuisine, drawing domestic and international tourists.
Algeria can implement sustainable tourism practices, such as eco-tours and responsible wildlife viewing, to appeal to environmentally conscious travelers.
Algeria can improve access to credit by strengthening its financial sector, increasing competition among lenders, and reducing the cost of borrowing.
Algeria can improve its business environment by investing in infrastructure such as transportation, telecommunications, and energy.
Algeria can improve its infrastructure and transportation facilities, including airports, roads, and public transportation, to enhance accessibility for tourists.
Algeria can improve its tax collection.
Algeria can improve the quality of its workforce by investing in education and training programs that provide relevant skills and knowledge to meet the needs of businesses.
Algeria can incentivize the development of quality accommodation options, including hotels, guesthouses, and resorts, in popular tourist areas.
Algeria can invest in digital marketing strategies, including social media campaigns and influencer partnerships, to reach a wider audience and generate interest in visiting the country.
Algeria can make its renewable energy industry much bigger.
Algeria can never be split in two.
Algeria can organize international travel fairs and exhibitions to exhibit its tourism potential and establish partnerships with tour operators and travel agents.
Algeria can outperform its neighbors economically.
Algeria can produce clean energy and save money.
Algeria can produce cleaner energy.
Algeria can produce electrical machinery.
Algeria can produce more food.
Algeria can produce solar power.
Algeria can promote tourism by creating a comprehensive and user-friendly tourism website that provides information on attractions, accommodations, and travel itineraries can attract more tourists.
Algeria can promote tourism by showcasing its rich cultural heritage and diverse landscapes to attract tourists.
Algeria can promote tourism by showcasing its rich cultural heritage through festivals, exhibitions, and cultural events.
Algeria can provide training and education to local tour guides, ensuring they possess in-depth knowledge of its tourist attractions, history, and culture, to offer high-quality experiences for visitors.
Algeria can reduce bureaucracy by implementing technology such as online portals, e-government platforms, and digital signatures.
Algeria can reduce corruption by implementing anti-corruption measures, increasing transparency in government operations, and enforcing strict penalties for corrupt behavior.
Algeria can refine petroleum.
Algeria can rise within a decade.
Algeria can still do this.
Algeria can still find a peaceful route towards a better future.
Algeria can streamline its bureaucratic processes by simplifying regulations and making it easier for businesses to obtain licenses and permits.
Algeria can support the restoration and preservation of its historical and archaeological sites, showcasing its rich historical legacy to visitors.
Algeria can take care of itself.
Algeria can take care of itself. In fact, the Algerian army is well trained.
Algeria can turn into a bridge between Europe and sub-Saharan Africa.
Algeria can't allow any other nation to invade Libya.
Algeria can't be compared to European countries.
Algeria can't be defeated militarily.
Algeria can't be defeated.
Algeria can't be divided.
Algeria can't become an impoverished nation.
Algeria can't change alliances.
Algeria can't continue to be North Africa's Saudi Arabia.
Algeria can't export almost anything apart from oil.
Algeria can't possibly become divided ethnically.
Algeria can't possibly fire thousands of experienced workers from the oil sector.
Algeria can't shut itself off from the world.
Algeria can't stop its oil and gas production.
Algeria cannot afford to isolate itself from Chinese suppliers.
Algeria captured my heart.
Algeria celebrates Yennayer every January 12.
Algeria celebrates Yennayer or the Amazigh new year.
Algeria celebrates Yennayer or the Berber new year.
Algeria certainly needs a science and technology museum.
Algeria changed in 1999 thanks to Bouteflika.
Algeria changed its decision to fund the project.
Algeria claimed its independence from the French.
Algeria colonized Kabylia in 1962.
Algeria completed a feasibility study to build a high-speed railway.
Algeria completed many massive infrastructure projects.
Algeria completed many massive projects.
Algeria completed the project in 2004.
Algeria completed the project in April 2004.
Algeria complies with that.
Algeria conducts more of its trade with the European Union.
Algeria considers China as one of its best friends.
Algeria considers this a hostile act.
Algeria constructed the East-West Highway.
Algeria consumes a lot of crude oil.
Algeria continues to be a corrupt nation.
Algeria continues to be a largely informal economy.
Algeria continues to defend Western Sahara's right to self-determination.
Algeria continues to fascinate many archeologists.
Algeria continues to grow economically.
Algeria continues to grow.
Algeria continues to strengthen ties with China and Russia.
Algeria continues to support Nicolas Maduro.
Algeria continues to support the Palestine Liberation Organization.
Algeria continues to trade heavily with France.
Algeria continues to turn a blind eye on that.
Algeria cooperates with regional powers.
Algeria could achieve a high-income status depending on how its economy performs in the future.
Algeria could attract a lot of foreign investors.
Algeria could be Africa's jewel.
Algeria could be top of the list.
Algeria could become a bridge state between Europe and sub-Saharan Africa.
Algeria could become a civilization state.
Algeria could become a developed country.
Algeria could become a developed economy.
Algeria could become a developed nation.
Algeria could become a fast growing economy.
Algeria could become a massive growing economy.
Algeria could become a massive labor force.
Algeria could become a miracle economy.
Algeria could become a more dynamic economy.
Algeria could become a paradise for diving tourists.
Algeria could become a prosperous and wealthy country.
Algeria could become a regional dominant power.
Algeria could become a regional leader.
Algeria could become a regional power.
Algeria could become a rich country if it makes the right moves.
Algeria could become a self-sufficient agricultural country.
Algeria could become a top exporter of wheat.
Algeria could become a very successful country.
Algeria could become a wealthy country.
Algeria could become an advanced economy.
Algeria could become an economic star.
Algeria could become an energy hub in the near future.
Algeria could become an even larger energy exporter.
Algeria could become an important logistics hub in Africa.
Algeria could become great economically.
Algeria could become one of Africa's most visited countries?
Algeria could become one of the richest countries in the world.
Algeria could become one of the wealthiest countries in the world.
Algeria could become powerful economically.
Algeria could become the richest country in all of Africa.
Algeria could become the top performing economy in the region.
Algeria could become the wealthiest place in Africa.
Algeria could cancel sporting fixtures in the future.
Algeria could crush any terrorist force funded and launched by other nations against it.
Algeria could deliver one of the highest growth rates in Africa.
Algeria could develop solar energy cheaply.
Algeria could export alfalfa hay.
Algeria could export excess power to neighboring countries?
Algeria could export more raw materials.
Algeria could export various materials.
Algeria could exports many farm products.
Algeria could face a critical economic crisis.
Algeria could face a critical financial crisis.
Algeria could face a serious economic crisis.
Algeria could gain a remarkable economic growth.
Algeria could generate solar power more cheaply than it generates energy from fossil fuels.
Algeria could give Mali access to its ports.
Algeria could grow at a quicker rate than Morocco.
Algeria could have an extraordinarily high economic growth.
Algeria could have become a very wealthy country when oil prices were very high ten years ago.
Algeria could have limitless access to renewable energies.
Algeria could have lots of middle class consumers.
Algeria could have the most farmland than any country in North Africa.
Algeria could lose a lot in a free trade game.
Algeria could make a lot of money with processing its hydrocarbons.
Algeria could play an important role in the region.
Algeria could produce great products.
Algeria could really become one of the wealthiest countries in the world.
Algeria could renegotiate gas prices with Spain.
Algeria could streamline its regulations and procedures to make them more straightforward and transparent.
Algeria could suffer a brutal economic crisis.
Algeria could suffer a cash shortage.
Algeria covers an area of more than two million square kilometers.
Algeria created new regulations on the matter of Islamic banking.
Algeria decided to devalue its currency.
Algeria decided to nationalize its oil in the 1970s.
Algeria declared independence from France in 1962.
Algeria declared independence in 1962.
Algeria declared its independence from France in 1962.
Algeria declared its independence in 1962.
Algeria declared its independence in July 1962.
Algeria demonstrates a high level of social and political stability.
Algeria denounces colonialism everywhere in the world.
Algeria depends on its oil wealth.
Algeria depends on oil.
Algeria depends only on oil.
Algeria depends so much on its income from the oil.
Algeria depends so much on oil.
Algeria deserves trust and support.
Algeria desperately needs money.
Algeria developed strong economic ties with Turkey.
Algeria didn't break ties with Morocco.
Algeria didn't cut diplomatic ties with Qatar.
Algeria didn't default on its debt.
Algeria didn't extend citizenship to its indigenous Jewish community, driving many of them to Israel, yet it still demands that Israel cease to exist. It has made no effort to extend a right of return to descendants of Algerian Jews.
Algeria didn't like this at all.
Algeria divides its territory into 58 provinces.
Algeria does a lot of business with China.
Algeria does have economic problem.
Algeria does need economic reforms.
Algeria does not back Saudi Arabia's operations in Yemen.
Algeria does not have inequality like a nation like South Africa.
Algeria does not have nuclear weapons.
Algeria does not have this luxury.
Algeria does not have to worry for its safety and existence.
Algeria does not offer right of return to Algerian Jews.
Algeria does not respect human rights.
Algeria does not want war.
Algeria doesn't accept Morocco's occupation of Western Sahara.
Algeria doesn't appear to be very interconnected with the world.
Algeria doesn't ban alcohol.
Algeria doesn't borrow money externally.
Algeria doesn't consider Hezbollah a terrorist organization.
Algeria doesn't depend on a single country to import things.
Algeria doesn't do too well as far as ease of doing business is concerned.
Algeria doesn't encourage immigration.
Algeria doesn't exist in isolation.
Algeria doesn't get a lot of rain.
Algeria doesn't get much rain.
Algeria doesn't have a bad reputation.
Algeria doesn't have a coastal desert.
Algeria doesn't have a debt crisis.
Algeria doesn't have a demographic crisis.
Algeria doesn't have a good economy.
Algeria doesn't have a good educational system.
Algeria doesn't have a large English-speaking educated population.
Algeria doesn't have a lot of international debt.
Algeria doesn't have a military government.
Algeria doesn't have a nuclear bomb.
Algeria doesn't have a problem of political vacuum.
Algeria doesn't have a significant population that speaks English as its second language.
Algeria doesn't have a space launch site.
Algeria doesn't have a strong industrial sector.
Algeria doesn't have a trade conflict with any country.
Algeria doesn't have a true political opposition.
Algeria doesn't have a very strong pension system.
Algeria doesn't have an aging population problem.
Algeria doesn't have an aging problem.
Algeria doesn't have an inflation rate in the double digits.
Algeria doesn't have any dangerous wildlife.
Algeria doesn't have any university ranked among the top 200 in the world.
Algeria doesn't have autonomous territories.
Algeria doesn't have bad press.
Algeria doesn't have big islands.
Algeria doesn't have big rivers.
Algeria doesn't have diplomatic relations with Taiwan.
Algeria doesn't have direct access to the Atlantic Ocean.
Algeria doesn't have exclaves.
Algeria doesn't have extreme disparities between the rich and the poor.
Algeria doesn't have glaciers.
Algeria doesn't have large islands.
Algeria doesn't have lots of high-rise buildings.
Algeria doesn't have major rivers.
Algeria doesn't have many high-rise buildings.
Algeria doesn't have many islands.
Algeria doesn't have many patents.
Algeria doesn't have much external debt.
Algeria doesn't have much foreign debt.
Algeria doesn't have nuclear weapons.
Algeria doesn't have overseas bases.
Algeria doesn't have overseas territories.
Algeria doesn't have problems with China.
Algeria doesn't have tropical forests.
Algeria doesn't host any foreign forces.
Algeria doesn't host any foreign military base.
Algeria doesn't import water.
Algeria doesn't look like a good country for doing business.
Algeria doesn't need Japanese fishing boats to overfish its seas.
Algeria doesn't need a new tyrant.
Algeria doesn't need more Libyan and Syrian refugees.
Algeria doesn't need to restructure its debt.
Algeria doesn't negotiate with terrorists.
Algeria doesn't officially recognize the independence of Kosovo.
Algeria doesn't produce these goods.
Algeria doesn't rank among the richest countries in the region.
Algeria doesn't really have a stock market.
Algeria doesn't receive a big amount of rainfall.
Algeria doesn't recognize Kosovo as an independent state.
Algeria doesn't recognize Taiwan as an independent state.
Algeria doesn't rely on foreign aid.
Algeria doesn't seek to please any nation.
Algeria doesn't side with the US.
Algeria doesn't suffer regularly from any major natural disaster.
Algeria doesn't trade with Israel.
Algeria doesn't want a war with Libya.
Algeria doesn't want any US military presence in Africa.
Algeria doesn't want foreign involvement.
Algeria doesn't want to appear weak in the region.
Algeria doesn't want to be involved in that.
Algeria doesn't want to be part of a new chapter of the Arab Spring.
Algeria doesn't want to be seen as a weak country in the region.
Algeria doesn't want to borrow externally.
Algeria doesn't want to lose its economic independence.
Algeria doesn't want wars in North Africa.
Algeria drove out all its Jews and it isn't clear where they think they should go.
Algeria elected a new parliament in 2012.
Algeria embraced free market.
Algeria embraced free trade.
Algeria embraced industry.
Algeria emerged victorious from its independence war.
Algeria employs thousands of people in agricultural fields.
Algeria ended its one-party system in 1989.
Algeria ended its state commercial monopoly in the early 1990's.
Algeria enjoys relative economic stability.
Algeria enjoys relative peace and prosperity.
Algeria entered a recession.
Algeria entered the 21st century with a new president.
Algeria established a transitional government in the 1990s.
Algeria established good relations with India.
Algeria eventually abandoned the project.
Algeria exerts influence throughout Africa and beyond.
Algeria experienced a bloody civil war in the 1990s.
Algeria experienced a brief period of change between 1989 and 1991.
Algeria experienced several economic challenges after the end of the colonial rule.
Algeria exploits its oil and gas.
Algeria exported a total of forty billion dollars of oil.
Algeria exports cellphones.
Algeria exports dates.
Algeria exports electricity to Tunisia.
Algeria exports energy sources.
Algeria exports excess power to Tunisia.
Algeria exports gas to Europe through two major pipelines.
Algeria exports gas to Spain and Italy.
Algeria exports gas.
Algeria exports hydrocarbons.
Algeria exports its national resources.
Algeria exports massive quantities of natural gas.
Algeria exports mostly oil and gas.
Algeria exports natural gas to Italy.
Algeria exports natural gas to Spain and Italy.
Algeria exports natural gas to Turkey.
Algeria exports oil and gas around the world.
Algeria exports oil and gas to Europe.
Algeria exports oil and gas.
Algeria exports oil.
Algeria exports petroleum products.
Algeria exports raw iron.
Algeria exports raw materials.
Algeria exports these things as well.
Algeria extracts iron.
Algeria extracts its groundwater.
Algeria faced political turmoil in the 1990s.
Algeria faces challenges with its drinking water supply, exacerbated by factors such as rapid urbanization, population growth, and climate variability.
Algeria faces many challenges.
Algeria faces many political risks.
Algeria faces natural disasters too.
Algeria faces several serious problems.
Algeria faces threats within and without.
Algeria fell into French hands after almost 40 years of resistance.
Algeria fell into a recession.
Algeria felt the effect of the fall in oil prices.
Algeria fights secularism and democracy.
Algeria finances Islamists and terrorism.
Algeria first!
Algeria focuses on diversifying its exports.
Algeria focuses on export-led growth.
Algeria for the Algerians.
Algeria forced collectivism upon farmers in the 1970s and 1980s.
Algeria fought a war against France.
Algeria fought a war with the French.
Algeria fought an independence war against France.
Algeria fought for its independence between 1954 and 1962.
Algeria fought for its independence from 1954 to 1962.
Algeria fought off numerous foreign invasions.
Algeria fought one of the deadliest wars in the 20th century.
Algeria fought to break away from France.
Algeria gained independence from France in 1962.
Algeria gained independence from France in July 1962.
Algeria gained independence from France on July 5, 1962.
Algeria gained independence from France on July 5th 1962.
Algeria gained independence in 1962.
Algeria gained independence in July 1962.
Algeria gained independence on July 5, 1962.
Algeria gained its independence from France in 1962.
Algeria gained its independence from France.
Algeria gained its independence in 1962.
Algeria gained its independence in the 1960s.
Algeria gained its independence in the early 1960s.
Algeria gained its independence on July 5, 1962.
Algeria gave a commitment to fund 40% of the project.
Algeria gets along with a lot of African countries.
Algeria gets lots of tourists in the summer.
Algeria gets part of its wheat from Ukraine.
Algeria gives big and generous allocations to education and healthcare in the state budget.
Algeria got help from the USSR.
Algeria got its independence from France in July 1962.
Algeria got its independence in 1962 and France recognized its sovereignty.
Algeria got its independence in 1962.
Algeria got its independence in the early 1960's.
Algeria got its independence on July 5, 1962.
Algeria got its independence through a pretty terrific war of liberation.
Algeria guarantees universal access to healthcare and education.
Algeria had a centrally planned socialist economy.
Algeria had a heavy system of bureaucracy.
Algeria had a low unemployment rate.
Algeria had a mix of socialism and capitalism.
Algeria had a powerful navy during the Ottoman rule.
Algeria had a strong centralized bureaucracy.
Algeria had collective farms.
Algeria had forty million inhabitants as of 2016.
Algeria had inadequate infrastructure.
Algeria had inadequate transportation infrastructure.
Algeria had its fair share of economic ups and downs.
Algeria had its last census in 2010.
Algeria had its referendum for independence in July 1962.
Algeria had presidential elections in December 2019.
Algeria had relatively poor infrastructure.
Algeria had strong economic growth in the Bouteflika era.
Algeria had to borrow money from the IMF in the 1990s.
Algeria had virtually no experience in that domain.
Algeria has 48 provinces.
Algeria has 58 provinces.
Algeria has 58 wilayas.
Algeria has Russian-made fighters.
Algeria has Soviet-era institutions.
Algeria has a Berber-language daily newspaper called Tighremt. This newspaper is entirely published in Berber.
Algeria has a Christian population.
Algeria has a Mediterranean coastline.
Algeria has a big expatriated population.
Algeria has a big infrastructure plan.
Algeria has a big young population.
Algeria has a bigger GDP per capita than Mali.
Algeria has a bizarre economy.
Algeria has a booming housing market.
Algeria has a brand-new freeway that connects Tunisia directly to Morocco.
Algeria has a bright future in the long term.
Algeria has a bright future.
Algeria has a centralized economy.
Algeria has a centralized government.
Algeria has a centrally-planned economy.
Algeria has a certain importance for the United States.
Algeria has a challenging geography.
Algeria has a chance to change its course.
Algeria has a chronic housing crisis.
Algeria has a complex relationship with Morocco.
Algeria has a conflict with Morocco.
Algeria has a constitution and a parliament.
Algeria has a constitution.
Algeria has a cool flag.
Algeria has a corrupt business elite.
Algeria has a divergent landscape.
Algeria has a fairly modern army.
Algeria has a fantastic climate.
Algeria has a fascinating history.
Algeria has a favorable geography for agriculture.
Algeria has a few green valleys in the north.
Algeria has a fledgling tourist industry.
Algeria has a formalized economy.
Algeria has a formidable intelligence system.
Algeria has a formidable special operations force.
Algeria has a fortress mentality.
Algeria has a free trade agreement with the EU.
Algeria has a functional government.
Algeria has a generous welfare system.
Algeria has a good amount of highly educated people.
Algeria has a good geographical position.
Algeria has a good geography.
Algeria has a good healthcare system compared to other African nations.
Algeria has a good medical system compared to other African nations.
Algeria has a good road network.
Algeria has a great advantage.
Algeria has a great untapped potential.
Algeria has a growing Christian population.
Algeria has a growing consumer class.
Algeria has a growing middle class.
Algeria has a growing young population.
Algeria has a high infrastructure budget.
Algeria has a high literacy rate.
Algeria has a highway that connects Tunisia to Morocco.
Algeria has a horrible business environment.
Algeria has a huge active-duty professional force.
Algeria has a huge army.
Algeria has a huge budget gap.
Algeria has a huge edge over sub-Saharan countries. In fact, Algeria has modern infrastructure, something that very few sub-Saharan countries have.
Algeria has a huge influence on the region.
Algeria has a huge manpower.
Algeria has a huge population.
Algeria has a huge potential for economic growth.
Algeria has a huge potential to grow wheat and barley.
Algeria has a huge potential with its vast territory.
Algeria has a huge reserve of oil.
Algeria has a large Berber-speaking community.
Algeria has a large Berber-speaking population.
Algeria has a large amount of natural gas reserves.
Algeria has a large and young workforce.
Algeria has a large black population in the south.
Algeria has a large developed population.
Algeria has a large diaspora community in France.
Algeria has a large labor force.
Algeria has a large low-skilled labor force.
Algeria has a large naval base in the west of the country.
Algeria has a large non-urban population.
Algeria has a large oil industry.
Algeria has a large urban population.
Algeria has a large urbanized population.
Algeria has a large working-age group.
Algeria has a liquidity problem.
Algeria has a long and fascinating history.
Algeria has a long and incredible history.
Algeria has a long and rich history.
Algeria has a long coastline.
Algeria has a long history.
Algeria has a long tradition as a gas exporter.
Algeria has a lot going for it.
Algeria has a lot of accessible natural resources.
Algeria has a lot of alfalfa.
Algeria has a lot of challenges.
Algeria has a lot of college-educated women.
Algeria has a lot of diplomatic interaction with EU members.
Algeria has a lot of dive sites.
Algeria has a lot of educated people.
Algeria has a lot of factories.
Algeria has a lot of graduate jobless people.
Algeria has a lot of highly-skilled unemployed.
Algeria has a lot of iron.
Algeria has a lot of land development opportunities.
Algeria has a lot of minerals.
Algeria has a lot of natural resources.
Algeria has a lot of oil and gas fields.
Algeria has a lot of oil and gas.
Algeria has a lot of oil and natural gas.
Algeria has a lot of oil.
Algeria has a lot of overseas workers.
Algeria has a lot of people.
Algeria has a lot of potential economically.
Algeria has a lot of private firms.
Algeria has a lot of raw materials.
Algeria has a lot of resources to export.
Algeria has a lot of sunshine.
Algeria has a lot of tourist sites.
Algeria has a lot of young people of working age.
Algeria has a lot of young people that are looking for work.
Algeria has a lot to offer its citizens.
Algeria has a lot to offer the world.
Algeria has a low homicide rate.
Algeria has a major economic advantage.
Algeria has a modern economy.
Algeria has a narrow fertile coastline.
Algeria has a new government now.
Algeria has a new government.
Algeria has a new head of state.
Algeria has a new president.
Algeria has a nuclear power plant.
Algeria has a nuclear program.
Algeria has a peaceful nuclear program.
Algeria has a population of 40 million inhabitants.
Algeria has a population of 40 million people.
Algeria has a population of 40 million.
Algeria has a population of about 43 million people.
Algeria has a population of about forty million people.
Algeria has a population of about forty million.
Algeria has a population of forty million inhabitants.
Algeria has a population of more than forty million people.
Algeria has a population of more that 40 million people.
Algeria has a population that far surpasses Djibouti's.
Algeria has a powerful army.
Algeria has a powerful land artillery.
Algeria has a powerful military force.
Algeria has a powerful military.
Algeria has a private sector.
Algeria has a rapidly growing population.
Algeria has a rapidly urbanizing population.
Algeria has a rather pessimistic youth.
Algeria has a relatively big population.
Algeria has a relatively educated workforce.
Algeria has a relatively fragile economy.
Algeria has a relatively good healthcare system.
Algeria has a relatively good public health system.
Algeria has a relatively good public healthcare system.
Algeria has a relatively high fertility rate.
Algeria has a relatively high unemployment rate.
Algeria has a relatively immense population.
Algeria has a relatively large population.
Algeria has a relatively low cost of living.
Algeria has a relatively low homicide rate.
Algeria has a relatively low unemployment rate.
Algeria has a relatively well educated population.
Algeria has a relatively well educated society.
Algeria has a relatively well trained army.
Algeria has a rentier economy.
Algeria has a responsible government.
Algeria has a rich cultural heritage.
Algeria has a rich history.
Algeria has a rich tradition in literature, music, and cinema.
Algeria has a safety net.
Algeria has a semi-arid interior.
Algeria has a significant geostrategic location.
Algeria has a single national identity.
Algeria has a small Christian community.
Algeria has a smaller population compared to Egypt.
Algeria has a social-style economy.
Algeria has a socialist-oriented market economy.
Algeria has a socialist-style economy.
Algeria has a stable economy.
Algeria has a stable government.
Algeria has a stagnant economy.
Algeria has a strained relationship with Morocco.
Algeria has a strategically important position in Africa and the Mediterranean region.
Algeria has a strong agriculture.
Algeria has a strong and modern army.
Algeria has a strong army.
Algeria has a strong foreign policy.
Algeria has a strong political identity.
Algeria has a stronger military.
Algeria has a terrible economy.
Algeria has a tiny stock market.
Algeria has a total population of 41 million.
Algeria has a troublesome border with Morocco.
Algeria has a unified national healthcare system.
Algeria has a unique economy.
Algeria has a unique geography.
Algeria has a unique history.
Algeria has a vast amount of biodiversity in the north.
Algeria has a very bright future.
Algeria has a very bureaucratic system.
Algeria has a very costly but inefficient health system.
Algeria has a very long history.
Algeria has a very low violence level.
Algeria has a very powerful army.
Algeria has a very rich and vibrant culture.
Algeria has a very rich history and culture.
Algeria has a very rich history.
Algeria has a very solid foundation.
Algeria has a very strong and unique culture.
Algeria has a very strong army.
Algeria has a very strong cultural identity.
Algeria has a very strong historical relationship with India.
Algeria has a very young and relatively well-educated population.
Algeria has a very young and well educated population.
Algeria has a very young population.
Algeria has a very young, well-educated and primarily French-speaking population.
Algeria has a warm Mediterranean climate in the north.
Algeria has a warm climate.
Algeria has a weak currency.
Algeria has a welfare state.
Algeria has a wide range of landscapes.
Algeria has a young and a very well educated population.
Algeria has a young and educated workforce.
Algeria has a young and potentially productive workforce.
Algeria has a young educated population.
Algeria has a young population.
Algeria has a young workforce that can contribute actively to the society.
Algeria has a young workforce.
Algeria has about forty million people.
Algeria has access to the Mediterranean Sea.
Algeria has access to the sea.
Algeria has accompanied this project from the very beginning.
Algeria has achieved a high literacy rate.
Algeria has achieved many things lately.
Algeria has achieved some economic growth.
Algeria has achieved some remarkable economic growth in the last decades.
Algeria has achieved some remarkable growth.
Algeria has achieved the Millennium Development Goal in many sectors.
Algeria has achieved the status of a higher middle economy.
Algeria has adopted a unique approach.
Algeria has almost medieval institutions.
Algeria has almost no islands.
Algeria has almost no stock market.
Algeria has already committed to participating in China's Belt and Road initiative.
Algeria has already crushed multiple terrorist groups in the 1990's.
Algeria has already had more than 20 cases of coronavirus.
Algeria has always been an agrarian society.
Algeria has always been an ally of China.
Algeria has always been very close to Beijing.
Algeria has always had a relationship with oil.
Algeria has always had a taste for socialism.
Algeria has always had natural resources.
Algeria has amazing landscapes.
Algeria has amazing weather.
Algeria has ambitious designs.
Algeria has ambitious plans to become a key producer of high-tech products.
Algeria has an East-West motorway.
Algeria has an abundance of natural resources.
Algeria has an ambitious infrastructure program.
Algeria has an arid interior.
Algeria has an army to respect.
Algeria has an authoritarian regime.
Algeria has an average cost of living.
Algeria has an awful education system.
Algeria has an economy that's fully dependent on its oil.
Algeria has an embassy in Ottawa.
Algeria has an embassy in Washington.
Algeria has an emergency plan for the coronavirus epidemic.
Algeria has an emerging middle class.
Algeria has an exceptionally long history.
Algeria has an expanding population.
Algeria has an important geopolitical role in the region.
Algeria has an inefficient health system.
Algeria has an oil-based economy.
Algeria has an oil-funded welfare state.
Algeria has an opportunity that shouldn't be overlooked.
Algeria has an overall population of forty million people.
Algeria has an unbelievable amount of historical sites.
Algeria has an uneasy relationship with Morocco.
Algeria has announced a major natural gas discovery.
Algeria has announced new economic reforms.
Algeria has beautiful beaches.
Algeria has beautiful landscapes.
Algeria has beautiful national parks.
Algeria has beautiful pristine beaches.
Algeria has beautiful scenic views.
Algeria has become a bargaining chip in a global game of poker.
Algeria has become a car manufacturer.
Algeria has become a weapon manufacturer.
Algeria has become a weapons manufacturer.
Algeria has become militarily powerful.
Algeria has become the favorite destination for many Chinese investors.
Algeria has become very close to Beijing.
Algeria has become vulnerable to economic shocks.
Algeria has been a country bordering Kabylia for a long time.
Algeria has been an exception.
Algeria has been an independent country for 59 years.
Algeria has been an independent country for more than 56 years.
Algeria has been an independent country since 1962.
Algeria has been at war with terrorists for years.
Algeria has been blessed with a wealth of economic resources.
Algeria has been blessed with a wealth of natural resources.
Algeria has been blessed with an abundance of resources.
Algeria has been developing rapidly.
Algeria has been experiencing inflation since 2015.
Algeria has been going through turbulent times.
Algeria has been making remarkable progress in the last two decades.
Algeria has been negotiating with foreign companies for years to increase its oil and gas production.
Algeria has been on a more stable path.
Algeria has been praised for its political stability.
Algeria has been seeing improvements in some areas.
Algeria has been spending a lot of money on infrastructure.
Algeria has been spending like there is no tomorrow.
Algeria has been strengthening its political ties with China.
Algeria has been suffering a long economic crisis.
Algeria has been suffering a terrorism problem since the 1990s.
Algeria has been talking about diversifying its economy for decades.
Algeria has been uncharacteristically silent about this issue.
Algeria has been under the control of a corrupt and authoritarian government.
Algeria has begun to change.
Algeria has begun to record economic growth.
Algeria has benefited a great deal from that.
Algeria has better human resources.
Algeria has better infrastructure.
Algeria has better relations with the West.
Algeria has better resources.
Algeria has better sanitation.
Algeria has better trade opportunities now.
Algeria has big companies.
Algeria has big dreams.
Algeria has big oil reserves.
Algeria has big reserves of oil and natural gas.
Algeria has border disputes with Morocco.
Algeria has borders with Libya.
Algeria has borders with Mali.
Algeria has borders with seven countries.
Algeria has both internal and external threats.
Algeria has breathtaking landscapes.
Algeria has breathtaking seaside views.
Algeria has breathtaking views.
Algeria has breathtakingly beautiful landscapes.
Algeria has built a lot of roads across its desert.
Algeria has built the biggest mosque in the world as Algerians leave the country by boats of fortune and its dignitaries take good care of themselves and spend their holidays abroad.
Algeria has built the second biggest mosque in the world and does not have a serious hospital.
Algeria has car factories.
Algeria has carried out a significant renovation of its military equipment, purchasing billions of dollars of Russian military materiel.
Algeria has changed a lot.
Algeria has changed dramatically.
Algeria has changed drastically.
Algeria has changed forever.
Algeria has changed profoundly.
Algeria has changed very rapidly.
Algeria has changed.
Algeria has close ties with Russia.
Algeria has closed down its schools.
Algeria has closed its schools.
Algeria has colonized Kabylia since 1962.
Algeria has colossal amounts of oil and gas.
Algeria has colossal oil reserves.
Algeria has committed to modernization.
Algeria has conscription.
Algeria has corrupt institutions.
Algeria has countless rural migrants.
Algeria has created Islamist terrorism of the 90s to bar the road to the laity Kabyle.
Algeria has created a new special police force called the BRI.
Algeria has dairy cows.
Algeria has decided to maintain its current social safety net.
Algeria has declared a war on corruption.
Algeria has declared war on corruption.
Algeria has deep-water ports.
Algeria has demonstrated commendable leadership by implementing innovative strategies and policies to mitigate desertification and restore degraded lands.
Algeria has demonstrated commendable strides towards promoting transparency, accountability, and democratic principles.
Algeria has different climate zones.
Algeria has diplomatic relations with North Korea.
Algeria has diplomatic relations with the Vatican.
Algeria has diplomatic ties with North Korea.
Algeria has done nothing to the Syrian refugees, but it is relaying false information on television.
Algeria has earmarked funds to build the Trans-Sahara Highway.
Algeria has economic problems.
Algeria has embarked on a new path of development.
Algeria has enormous hydro-power potential.
Algeria has enormous natural wealth.
Algeria has enormous oil and gas fields.
Algeria has enough foreign currency reserves.
Algeria has enough foreign currency to pay for the imports of essential goods.
Algeria has entered a delicate political crisis.
Algeria has eradicated many diseases.
Algeria has excellent relations with China and Russia.
Algeria has excellent relations with China.
Algeria has fallen into recession.
Algeria has fallen to the dark side of economics.
Algeria has fantastic food.
Algeria has fantastic tourist sites.
Algeria has fascinated many historians.
Algeria has favorable economic relations with China.
Algeria has fertilizer companies.
Algeria has finished the project.
Algeria has finished this project.
Algeria has for a long time trying to diversify its economy.
Algeria has foreign-run businesses.
Algeria has forty million people and growing.
Algeria has fragile ecosystems.
Algeria has frequent rains in the north.
Algeria has friendly relations with France.
Algeria has frozen many state investments.
Algeria has full sovereignty over Tindouf.
Algeria has gas and oil.
Algeria has gas pipelines that go under the Mediterranean Sea to supply natural gas to Spain and Italy.
Algeria has geographical advantage over Morocco.
Algeria has global strategic significance.
Algeria has gold.
Algeria has gone through a lot of crazy times.
Algeria has good diplomatic relations with Canada.
Algeria has good elite troops.
Algeria has good relations with Iran.
Algeria has good relations with North Korea.
Algeria has good relations with the EU.
Algeria has good relations with the Islamic Republic of Iran.
Algeria has good relations with the NATO alliance.
Algeria has good relations with the US.
Algeria has good relations with the United States.
Algeria has good roads.
Algeria has good ties with Cuba.
Algeria has good weather.
Algeria has grand ambitions.
Algeria has grand geopolitical ambitions.
Algeria has great industrial capabilities.
Algeria has great opportunities.
Algeria has growth problems.
Algeria has had a war with Morocco.
Algeria has had an amazing journey to get to where it is today.
Algeria has had an extremely interesting history.
Algeria has had an insignificant role in the last three decades.
Algeria has had its fair share of corruption scandals.
Algeria has hard economic problems.
Algeria has high corporate taxes.
Algeria has high taxes on companies.
Algeria has hosted Chinese and Russian military officials for joint exercises.
Algeria has huge deposits of iron.
Algeria has huge energy reserves.
Algeria has huge iron reserves.
Algeria has huge mountains in the north.
Algeria has huge natural gas reserves.
Algeria has huge natural wealth.
Algeria has huge oil and gas reserves.
Algeria has huge oil reserves.
Algeria has huge potential into the future.
Algeria has huge reserves of fossil fuels.
Algeria has huge ties to Russia.
Algeria has hydro-power stations.
Algeria has hydrocarbons.
Algeria has inadequate infrastructure in the south.
Algeria has incredible views.
Algeria has incredible wind resources.
Algeria has inspired many books and paintings.
Algeria has intensified diplomatic effort to solve the Libyan crisis.
Algeria has interests in Africa.
Algeria has introduced a plan to reform its economy.
Algeria has introduced an ambitious plan to develop and diversify its exports.
Algeria has invested a lot in its human capital.
Algeria has invested billions in building power generators.
Algeria has invested billions in its human capital.
Algeria has invested billions of dollars in education.
Algeria has invested billions of dollars in infrastructure projects.
Algeria has invested over 400 million dollars in this project.
Algeria has iron deposits.
Algeria has iron mines.
Algeria has issued many laws and decrees to get rid of its bureaucracy.
Algeria has its eyes clearly focused on sub-Saharan Africa.
Algeria has its fair share of questionable economic policies.
Algeria has its fair share of trouble.
Algeria has its own issues to consider.
Algeria has its own problems with Morocco.
Algeria has its own reasons to adopt its protectionist policy.
Algeria has its own system of government.
Algeria has its own traditions and customs.
Algeria has its problems like any other country.
Algeria has its problems with corruption.
Algeria has its shortcomings.
Algeria has its special forces.
Algeria has kept the coronavirus under some degree of control.
Algeria has land to develop.
Algeria has landscapes like no others.
Algeria has landscapes that would make you absolutely speechless.
Algeria has large desert areas.
Algeria has large indigenous resources of oil and gas.
Algeria has large iron reserves.
Algeria has large minorities of Berber speakers.
Algeria has large natural gas reserves.
Algeria has large oil deposits.
Algeria has large oil reserves.
Algeria has large petroleum reserves.
Algeria has large state-owned companies.
Algeria has launched ambitious social programs.
Algeria has learned the lesson and is determined not to repeat the same mistakes.
Algeria has long maintained an independent foreign policy.
Algeria has lost many of its talented workers.
Algeria has lots of artistic exchanges with other countries.
Algeria has lots of continental oil.
Algeria has lots of corrupt politicians.
Algeria has lots of critics.
Algeria has lots of dinosaur juice.
Algeria has lots of economic issues.
Algeria has lots of educated people.
Algeria has lots of food processing plants.
Algeria has lots of international friends.
Algeria has lots of mines.
Algeria has lots of natural parks.
Algeria has lots of natural resources.
Algeria has lots of oil and gas.
Algeria has lots of oil.
Algeria has lots of people working in Europe.
Algeria has lots of sun.
Algeria has lots of untapped resources.
Algeria has lots of useful raw materials.
Algeria has lots to tackle.
Algeria has low productivity levels.
Algeria has made a great job increasing its exports.
Algeria has made enormous efforts to diversify its economy.
Algeria has made incredible progress in terms of macroeconomic stability.
Algeria has made incredible progress.
Algeria has made massive improvements from where it was.
Algeria has made remarkable progress in the last two decades.
Algeria has made remarkable progress over the last decade.
Algeria has made significant progress.
Algeria has made so much money with the oil industry.
Algeria has made some progress.
Algeria has maintained good relations with all Muslim countries.
Algeria has managed to maintain some level of economic stability.
Algeria has mandatory military service.
Algeria has many airports.
Algeria has many areas that are virtually unreachable.
Algeria has many beautiful regions.
Algeria has many big cities.
Algeria has many car assembly centers.
Algeria has many convention centers.
Algeria has many cultural festival.
Algeria has many demographic gifts.
Algeria has many economic institutions.
Algeria has many economic issues.
Algeria has many economic priorities.
Algeria has many enemies.
Algeria has many flood-prone areas.
Algeria has many gas fields in the Sahara.
Algeria has many geographical advantages.
Algeria has many good doctors.
Algeria has many good things going for it.
Algeria has many haters.
Algeria has many huge concrete factories.
Algeria has many incredible attractions.
Algeria has many inland ports.
Algeria has many internal conflicts.
Algeria has many international friends.
Algeria has many land ports.
Algeria has many large state-owned companies.
Algeria has many major beaches.
Algeria has many millionaires.
Algeria has many mobile phone manufacturers.
Algeria has many national parks.
Algeria has many natural resources.
Algeria has many natural wonders.
Algeria has many newspapers.
Algeria has many nice beaches.
Algeria has many opportunities to develop.
Algeria has many other natural resources.
Algeria has many political issues.
Algeria has many problems that need to be fixed urgently.
Algeria has many serious challenges to overcome.
Algeria has many sewage treatment plants.
Algeria has many untapped riches.
Algeria has many wide-ranging subsidy programs.
Algeria has many women in its parliament.
Algeria has many world heritage sites.
Algeria has massive amounts of natural gas.
Algeria has massive dry areas.
Algeria has massive quantities of shale oil that could be extracted through fracking.
Algeria has massive semi-arid areas.
Algeria has massively enhanced its defensive capabilities.
Algeria has miles of sandy beaches.
Algeria has military forces.
Algeria has millions of square kilometers of barren desert.
Algeria has mineral resources.
Algeria has mineral rich soils.
Algeria has modern motorways.
Algeria has more Berber speakers than Libya.
Algeria has more in common with Tunisia than it does with Libya.
Algeria has more oil reserves than Angola.
Algeria has more than 170 train stations.
Algeria has more than forty million inhabitants.
Algeria has more that forty million people living within its borders.
Algeria has much better roads now.
Algeria has much higher salaries.
Algeria has natural gas deals with Spain and Italy.
Algeria has natural gas.
Algeria has never been a communist country.
Algeria has never been a communist republic.
Algeria has never been a pushover.
Algeria has never been a subject of economic sanctions by the United States.
Algeria has never been divided and will never be.
Algeria has never changed its flag.
Algeria has never changed its name.
Algeria has never had a president as a woman.
Algeria has never had diplomatic relations with Taiwan.
Algeria has never lost its way.
Algeria has never really been a military dictatorship.
Algeria has never respected human rights.
Algeria has never suffered hyperinflation.
Algeria has no American base on its soil.
Algeria has no English-speaking newspapers.
Algeria has no active volcanic area.
Algeria has no active volcanoes.
Algeria has no aircraft carriers.
Algeria has no autonomous provinces.
Algeria has no autonomous regions.
Algeria has no borders with Chad.
Algeria has no borders with Egypt.
Algeria has no borders with Sudan.
Algeria has no choice but to reform its economy.
Algeria has no diamond mines.
Algeria has no diplomatic relations with Morocco.
Algeria has no diplomatic relations with that country.
Algeria has no external territories.
Algeria has no glaciers.
Algeria has no intention to develop nuclear weapons.
Algeria has no land border with Chad.
Algeria has no large islands.
Algeria has no major fresh water lakes.
Algeria has no nuclear weapons.
Algeria has no overseas territories.
Algeria has no plans to develop nuclear weapons.
Algeria has no private universities.
Algeria has no problems with the West.
Algeria has no severe food shortages.
Algeria has no territorial disputes with Tunisia.
Algeria has no territories in Antarctica.
Algeria has nomadic tribes.
Algeria has nomads.
Algeria has nothing to apologize for.
Algeria has nuclear power plants.
Algeria has numerous economic problems.
Algeria has oil and gas along the Libyan border.
Algeria has oil and gas.
Algeria has oil but it isn't rich.
Algeria has oil fields.
Algeria has oil refining complexes.
Algeria has oil, gas, iron, gold, zinc, phosphates and much more.
Algeria has oil, natural gas, iron, zinc, gold, and the list goes on.
Algeria has oil.
Algeria has one capital city and it's Algiers.
Algeria has one main industry: oil and gas.
Algeria has one of the biggest armies in North Africa.
Algeria has one of the most powerful armies in the region.
Algeria has one of the most powerful militaries in the region.
Algeria has one of the strongest armies in the region.
Algeria has one of the strongest economies in Africa.
Algeria has one of the strongest military in Africa.
Algeria has one of the strongest military in the region.
Algeria has opened its borders with Niger.
Algeria has other ways to pay its debts.
Algeria has passed a new investment law.
Algeria has petroleum and natural gas.
Algeria has plenty of allies.
Algeria has plenty of groundwater in the Sahara Desert.
Algeria has plenty of natural resources.
Algeria has plenty of oil and gas.
Algeria has plenty of political issues.
Algeria has plenty of skilled workers.
Algeria has plenty of unexploited gas.
Algeria has poorly handled its oil.
Algeria has problems with water supply.
Algeria has productivity issues.
Algeria has promoted the construction of gigantic infrastructure projects.
Algeria has protectionist trade policies.
Algeria has public and private banks.
Algeria has quite an interesting history.
Algeria has ratified the Treaty on the Right of Peoples to Self-Determination, which supports, on the one hand, Palestine and Western Sahara only because they are so-called Arab-Islamic States, but on the other hand, assassinates any Kabyle opponent who aspires to the independence of Kabylia.
Algeria has realized that state-led development might not be the best strategy.
Algeria has recently built many sewage treatment plants.
Algeria has reception centers for migrants from Mali and Syria.
Algeria has recorded its highest non-hydrocarbon export value ever.
Algeria has recorded the highest economic growth in its history.
Algeria has recovered its legitimacy.
Algeria has reduced its oil production.
Algeria has reduced its public spending.
Algeria has reduced poverty significantly.
Algeria has relatively good infrastructure.
Algeria has relatively good relations with the Trump administration.
Algeria has relatively good roads.
Algeria has rewarded lucrative construction contracts to Chinese companies.
Algeria has rich resources.
Algeria has rich traditions.
Algeria has risen from the ashes of war.
Algeria has rivals.
Algeria has said it's doing the same.
Algeria has seen a huge increase in the electricity production.
Algeria has seen a surge in Chinese investments in recent years.
Algeria has seen its fair share of French aggression.
Algeria has set aside billions of dollars to develop rural areas.
Algeria has set its sights on economic diversification.
Algeria has seven direct neighbors.
Algeria has several trans-Saharan roads.
Algeria has severe financial difficulties.
Algeria has shale gas.
Algeria has shut down schools to protect the nation from the coronavirus.
Algeria has signed many economic agreements with China.
Algeria has skilled labor.
Algeria has so many different cities.
Algeria has so many enemies.
Algeria has so many natural resources.
Algeria has so much corruption.
Algeria has solid economic relations with Turkey.
Algeria has solved its problem of political vacuum.
Algeria has some excellent economic indicators.
Algeria has some incredible diving spots.
Algeria has some of the best infrastructure in the region.
Algeria has some of the largest known natural gas reserves on the planet.
Algeria has some of the most breathtaking landscapes you would ever see.
Algeria has some powerful allies, including China.
Algeria has sophisticated fighter aircraft.
Algeria has sophisticated missile systems.
Algeria has sparsely populated areas in the south.
Algeria has spectacular environment.
Algeria has spent billions of dollars in infrastructure.
Algeria has started COVID-19 vaccination.
Algeria has started a new economic journey.
Algeria has started exporting fresh produce to France.
Algeria has started producing gold.
Algeria has started to change.
Algeria has started to undergo a process of rapid industrialization.
Algeria has started to use solar energy for public lighting.
Algeria has started vaccinating its population against COVID-19.
Algeria has state-of-the-art spy planes.
Algeria has steel factories.
Algeria has stone-age institutions.
Algeria has strained ties with Spain.
Algeria has strategic relations with China.
Algeria has strategic relations with France.
Algeria has strengthened its ties with China.
Algeria has strict economic policies.
Algeria has strong economic characteristics.
Algeria has strong trade relations with China.
Algeria has structural problems.
Algeria has suffered from corruption for many years.
Algeria has sufficient reserves of oil and gas.
Algeria has sunny weather.
Algeria has superior transportation facilities.
Algeria has taken a different approach.
Algeria has taken great strides to diversify its economy.
Algeria has taken measures to improve the purchasing power of its population.
Algeria has tense relations with Morocco.
Algeria has the capacity to expand its fleet.
Algeria has the capacity to provide high-end manufacturing.
Algeria has the capacity to shape the nature of its land.
Algeria has the chance to become a very rich country.
Algeria has the infrastructure necessary to keep money safe.
Algeria has the most powerful army in North Africa.
Algeria has the most powerful army in the Maghreb region.
Algeria has the potential to act as a friendly diplomatic middleman.
Algeria has the potential to become a prosperous country.
Algeria has the potential to become a rich country.
Algeria has the potential to become a wealthy country.
Algeria has the potential to become a wealthy nation.
Algeria has the reputation of being mostly desert.
Algeria has the resources to address its economic issues.
Algeria has the right to defend its strategic interests.
Algeria has the right to protect its essential interests in the region.
Algeria has the second largest Berber-speaking community in the world.
Algeria has the sovereignty to make its own laws.
Algeria has the strongest army in the Maghreb region.
Algeria has the technologies and the know-how to transition away from fossil energies.
Algeria has the technology.
Algeria has things to offer Africa.
Algeria has thousands of hectares of arable land.
Algeria has thousands of mosques.
Algeria has to develop industrial parks.
Algeria has to develop its manufacturing sector.
Algeria has to develop its own international agenda.
Algeria has to face new challenges.
Algeria has to get serious about recycling trash.
Algeria has to improve its business climate.
Algeria has to maintain its agricultural sector at all costs.
Algeria has to maintain its sovereignty.
Algeria has to pass a law for that.
Algeria has to pass a law for this.
Algeria has to push harder to improve its gas and electricity production.
Algeria has to relax its strict economic policies.
Algeria has to rely more on indigenous weapons.
Algeria has to restructure its economy.
Algeria has too many mouths to feed.
Algeria has too many pensioners.
Algeria has trade agreements with European countries.
Algeria has traditionally been an ally of Russia.
Algeria has tremendous potential.
Algeria has two main languages: Arabic and Berber.
Algeria has two official languages.
Algeria has two official languages: Arabic and Berber.
Algeria has two official languages: Berber and Arabic.
Algeria has two official languages: Tamazight and Arabic.
Algeria has undertaken large-scale infrastructure projects.
