Can you tell me why you weren't here yesterday?
Can you tell me why you're here?
Can you tell me why you're planning not to do that?
Can you tell me why you're planning on doing that?
Can you tell me why you're planning to do that?
Can you tell me why?
Can you tell me your address?
Can you tell me your email address?
Can you tell me your last name?
Can you tell me your name again?
Can you tell me your name, please?
Can you tell me your name?
Can you tell me your nationality?
Can you tell me your past medical history?
Can you tell me your thoughts on this topic?
Can you tell me, how come that blind golfer is so successful?
Can you tell me?
Can you tell my age?
Can you tell one bird from another by hearing them?
Can you tell one of the twins from the other?
Can you tell right from wrong?
Can you tell silver and tin apart?
Can you tell tawny owls apart from other owls?
Can you tell that I don't really care?
Can you tell the Jackson twins apart?
Can you tell the difference between Japanese and Chinese?
Can you tell the difference between a buzzard and a kite?
Can you tell the difference between a seal and a sea lion?
Can you tell the difference between a sincere "thank you" and an insincere "thank you"?
Can you tell the difference between an American and a Canadian?
Can you tell the difference between an alligator and a crocodile?
Can you tell the difference between an eagle and a black kite?
Can you tell the difference between granite and sandstone?
Can you tell the difference between oat and wheat just by looking at it?
Can you tell the difference between these two paintings?
Can you tell the difference between these two pictures?
Can you tell the difference?
Can you tell the real one apart from the fake?
Can you tell the twins apart?
Can you tell them I'm not in?
Can you tell them to call back?
Can you tell those twins apart?
Can you tell us a bit about yourself?
Can you tell us a bit about yourselves?
Can you tell us a bit more about that?
Can you tell us a joke?
Can you tell us a little about Tom?
Can you tell us a little about yourself?
Can you tell us a little about yourselves?
Can you tell us about Tom?
Can you tell us about her?
Can you tell us about him?
Can you tell us about it?
Can you tell us about some of the natural features of that area?
Can you tell us about that?
Can you tell us about them?
Can you tell us about your experience in developing technical materials?
Can you tell us about yourself?
Can you tell us another story?
Can you tell us anything about the novel you're now writing?
Can you tell us anything about the problem?
Can you tell us anything about what happened?
Can you tell us anything else about that?
Can you tell us how that'll work?
Can you tell us more about it?
Can you tell us more about your business?
Can you tell us more about your company?
Can you tell us more about your product?
Can you tell us more about your products?
Can you tell us more about yourself?
Can you tell us more?
Can you tell us something about yourself?
Can you tell us something about yourselves?
Can you tell us what Tom did?
Can you tell us what Tom's up to?
Can you tell us what happened at school last Monday?
Can you tell us what happened next?
Can you tell us what happened that night?
Can you tell us what happened to you?
Can you tell us what happened?
Can you tell us what inspired you most?
Can you tell us what it feels like now in Algiers?
Can you tell us what it is?
Can you tell us what it was?
Can you tell us what possessed you to do that?
Can you tell us what quality that you possess is the most outstanding?
Can you tell us what the bank robber looked like?
Can you tell us what the ingredients are?
Can you tell us what we should be doing?
Can you tell us what you did?
Can you tell us what you're doing?
Can you tell us what you're wearing?
Can you tell us what's going on?
Can you tell us when this was made?
Can you tell us where Tom and Mary are?
Can you tell us where Tom is?
Can you tell us where we are?
Can you tell us where you were at 2:30 this afternoon?
Can you tell us where you were that night?
Can you tell us where you're going?
Can you tell us whether Tom passed his driving test or not?
Can you tell us why Tom and Mary are doing that?
Can you tell us why Tom is doing that?
Can you tell us why you don't like beer?
Can you tell us why you refused to help Tom?
Can you tell us why you want to work for us?
Can you tell us why you're here?
Can you tell us your name?
Can you tell what I need to do?
Can you tell what I'm thinking?
Can you tell what deck we're on?
Can you tell what it is?
Can you tell what kind of apple this is?
Can you tell what the matter is?
Can you tell what's happening?
Can you tell what's wrong with it?
Can you tell what's wrong?
Can you tell wheat from barley?
Can you tell where this is?
Can you tell where this road goes?
Can you tell whether potatoes are organic by looking at them?
Can you tell which is the copy?
Can you tell which is which?
Can you tell which one is real?
Can you tell which witch is which?
Can you tell who that is?
Can you tell wolves from dogs?
Can you tell?
Can you think of a better idea than this one?
Can you think of a better way to do this?
Can you think of a better way?
Can you think of a solution?
Can you think of an animal that's black and white?
Can you think of another solution?
Can you think of another way to do this?
Can you think of any better idea?
Can you think of any better way to do this?
Can you think of any easier way to do this?
Can you think of any examples in our society when healthcare is a right? When is it a privilege? When is it not clear?
Can you think of any examples?
Can you think of any good solution to this problem?
Can you think of any more effective way to do this?
Can you think of any reason Tom would do that?
Can you think of any reason that Tom would do that?
Can you think of any reason that we shouldn't do that?
Can you think of any reason we shouldn't do that?
Can you think of any reason why Tom and Mary shouldn't get married?
Can you think of any reason why Tom and Mary shouldn’t get married?
Can you think of any reason why Tom would do that?
Can you think of any reason why Tom would have done that?
Can you think of any reason why Tom would've done that?
Can you think of any reason why Tom wouldn't want to do that?
Can you think of any reason why that might be the case?
Can you think of any reasons that we shouldn't do this?
Can you think of any reasons we shouldn't do this?
Can you think of any reasons why we shouldn't do this?
Can you think of any reasons?
Can you think of any ways this problem could be solved?
Can you think of any ways we can solve this problem?
Can you think of anybody who might be willing to teach my children French?
Can you think of anyone Tom might know here?
Can you think of anyone more suitable?
Can you think of anyone who doesn't like Tom?
Can you think of anyone who might be able to babysit our kids tonight?
Can you think of anyone who might be able to help us?
Can you think of anyone who might be able to help?
Can you think of anyone who might be willing to help?
Can you think of anyone who needs a job?
Can you think of anyone who would have wanted to kill Tom?
Can you think of anyone who would want to do this kind of thing?
Can you think of anyone who would want to rent my extra room?
Can you think of anyone who would've wanted to kill Tom?
Can you think of anything else we need to do?
Can you think of anything else?
Can you think of anything that I could say to convince Tom to stay?
Can you think of something better?
Can you thread the belt through the belt loops?
Can you three guard this until we get back?
Can you throw a fastball?
Can you throw it over here?
Can you throw it up here?
Can you throw out the soup?
Can you throw that away for me?
Can you throw these out for me?
Can you throw this away for me?
Can you tidy the living room?
Can you tie a bow?
Can you tie a cherry stem into a knot with your tongue?
Can you tie a good butterfly knot?
Can you tie a tie?
Can you tie me up?
Can you tie your shoes?
Can you toss the salad?
Can you touch the bottom?
Can you touch the ceiling?
Can you touch your toes with your hands?
Can you touch your toes without bending your legs?
Can you touch your toes?
Can you tow my car?
Can you translate English into Japanese?
Can you translate a love letter?
Can you translate from French to English?
Can you translate from Norwegian into German?
Can you translate it from Arabic to Spanish?
Can you translate it on your own?
Can you translate it?
Can you translate that into French?
Can you translate that?
Can you translate these documents for me?
Can you translate this abstract into Arabic?
Can you translate this for me?
Can you translate this manuscript from French to English?
Can you translate this sentence into Esperanto?
Can you translate this sentence into Hungarian?
Can you translate this song for me?
Can you translate this?
Can you translate those documents for me?
Can you translate?
Can you trust Tom at all?
Can you trust Tom?
Can you trust her?
Can you trust him?
Can you trust the weatherman?
Can you trust them?
Can you trust your dog not to eat the food on the table?
Can you try doing that again?
Can you try this number again?
Can you try?
Can you tuck me in?
Can you tune my guitar for me?
Can you turn down the music?
Can you turn off the TV for a second?
Can you turn off the TV?
Can you turn off the light?
Can you turn off the lights in the apartment?
Can you turn off the television?
Can you turn off your phone?
Can you turn on subtitles?
Can you turn on the A/C?
Can you turn on the TV?
Can you turn on the air conditioning?
Can you turn on the light, please?
Can you turn on the light?
Can you turn on the light? Can’t see anything.
Can you turn on the lights? It's really dark in here.
Can you turn on the radio, please?
Can you turn on your TV? I want to watch the news.
Can you turn that down?
Can you turn that way?
Can you turn the TV down?
Can you turn the TV off?
Can you turn the fan on?
Can you turn the light on?
Can you turn the lights on?
Can you turn the music down a bit?
Can you turn the music down?
Can you turn the radiator up?
Can you turn the radio on, please?
Can you turn the television off?
Can you turn the volume down?
Can you turn up the echo?
Can you turn up the heat?
Can you turn up the radiator?
Can you turn your TV down?
Can you turn your back while I get dressed?
Can you type fast?
Can you unbuckle your belt, please?
Can you unclog the toilet?
Can you understand Finnish?
Can you understand French?
Can you understand Russian?
Can you understand Tom's French?
Can you understand Tom?
Can you understand any of this?
Can you understand it at all?
Can you understand it?
Can you understand its meaning?
Can you understand me?
Can you understand our French?
Can you understand that?
Can you understand the meaning of this paragraph?
Can you understand the meaning of this sentence?
Can you understand this language?
Can you understand this?
Can you understand what I'm saying?
Can you understand what Tom's saying?
Can you understand what the writer's trying to say?
Can you understand why they have to pig it in one sordid room?
Can you understand?
Can you unjam the printer?
Can you unlock your phone?
Can you untie this knot?
Can you update my software?
Can you update our software?
Can you update the software?
Can you use "putin" as a synonym for "cretin"?
Can you use a computer?
Can you use a gun?
Can you use a lift?
Can you use a microwave?
Can you use shampoo as soap?
Can you use this?
Can you vacuum the carpets in the apartment?
Can you validate this parking ticket?
Can you vent your anger on someone else?
Can you verify that this message came from Tom?
Can you verify that this message is from Tom?
Can you verify that?
Can you visit?
Can you visualise how the garden will look once the flowers are in bloom?
Can you vouch for Tom's reliability?
Can you vouch for Tom?
Can you vouch for her?
Can you vouch for him?
Can you wait a bit?
Can you wait a few weeks?
Can you wait a little while?
Can you wait a little?
Can you wait a minute?
Can you wait a moment?
Can you wait a while?
Can you wait about an hour?
Can you wait for an hour?
Can you wait for half an hour?
Can you wait for me in the car?
Can you wait for me?
Can you wait for us in the lobby?
Can you wait half an hour?
Can you wait here until I get back?
Can you wait here, please?
Can you wait just a little longer?
Can you wait outside?
Can you wait right here?
Can you wait ten minutes?
Can you wait that long?
Can you wait two minutes for me?
Can you wait until 2:30 this afternoon?
Can you wait until I make up my face?
Can you wait until I'm up?
Can you wait until tomorrow?
Can you wait up a sec?
Can you wait!
Can you wait?
Can you waive the fee for me?
Can you wake Tom up for me?
Can you wake her up for me?
Can you wake him up for me?
Can you wake me tomorrow at eight?
Can you wake me up at 7:00 tomorrow?
Can you wake me up at eight tomorrow?
Can you wake me up at seven o'clock tomorrow morning?
Can you wake me up at seven?
Can you wake me up at the same time tomorrow?
Can you wake them up for me?
Can you walk a little slower?
Can you walk any faster?
Can you walk faster, please?
Can you walk faster?
Can you walk in those shoes?
Can you walk my dog?
Can you walk on it?
Can you walk on stilts?
Can you walk the dog?
Can you walk to school, or do you have to take the bus?
Can you walk with your eyes closed?
Can you walk?
Can you wash dishes tonight?
Can you wash my clothes?
Can you wash my jeans?
Can you wash the dishes today?
Can you wash the windows in the apartment?
Can you wash your dishes after you eat?
Can you watch Cookie from October 20th to the 23rd?
Can you watch Tom and Mary?
Can you watch Tom tonight?
Can you watch Tom?
Can you watch her tonight?
Can you watch her?
Can you watch him tonight?
Can you watch him?
Can you watch my bag for a minute?
Can you watch my dog while I'm away?
Can you watch my stuff for a minute?
Can you watch our things?
Can you watch the kids for a few hours?
Can you watch the kids?
Can you watch them tonight?
Can you watch them?
Can you watch your brother for a little while?
Can you watch your sister for a little while? We won't be gone long.
Can you water my plants and feed my fish while I'm gone?
Can you water my plants while I'm away?
Can you water ski?
Can you water the plants in the apartment?
Can you water the plants in the living room, please?
Can you wear a Kabyle dress with high heels?
Can you wear a burka in the Netherlands?
Can you wear different clothes?
Can you wear some more decent clothes?
Can you wear the hijab in Canada?
Can you weave baskets?
Can you weigh this package?
Can you weigh this, please?
Can you whistle?
Can you wiggle your ears?
Can you will yourself to fall asleep?
Can you wind the video back, please?
Can you wipe down the bathroom mirror?
Can you wipe the table with a cloth?
Can you withstand it?
Can you work effectively in a virtual team?
Can you work effectively with remote team members?
Can you work efficiently in a fast-paced environment?
Can you work in a deadline-driven environment?
Can you work in a multicultural work environment?
Can you work in a physically demanding environment?
Can you work independently?
Can you work late tonight?
Can you work on a flexible schedule?
Can you work on a rotating shift schedule?
Can you work on content creation for marketing purposes?
Can you work on continuous improvement initiatives?
Can you work on creating engaging blog content?
Can you work on creating financial reports?
Can you work on developing training materials?
Can you work on improving operational efficiency?
Can you work on managing inventory levels?
Can you work on multiple projects simultaneously?
Can you work on multiple projects with different teams?
Can you work on optimizing website performance?
Can you work on repetitive tasks without getting bored?
Can you work on short notice?
Can you work on troubleshooting technical issues?
Can you work on weekends if required?
Can you work on weekends?
Can you work on your feet for long hours?
Can you work out the total cost of the trip?
Can you work overtime in your job?
Can you work remotely?
Can you work under pressure?
Can you work weekends?
Can you work well under changing priorities?
Can you work well under minimal supervision?
Can you work well with diverse groups of people?
Can you work with cross-functional teams?
Can you work with minimal supervision?
Can you work with people from different cultural backgrounds?
Can you work with sensitive and confidential information?
Can you work with tight deadlines?
Can you wrap it up for me? It's a gift.
Can you wrap it up for me? It’s a gift.
Can you wrap these neatly for me?
Can you write Berber?
Can you write Braille?
Can you write French?
Can you write a concerto?
Can you write a letter in English?
Can you write a letter in French for me?
Can you write a love letter in French?
Can you write a poem about a tomato?
Can you write a rondo?
Can you write a script for me?
Can you write a sonata?
Can you write a symphony?
Can you write a waltz?
Can you write a whole sentence in English?
Can you write a word in Finnish for me?
Can you write cursive?
Can you write down the chords?
Can you write down what the teacher is saying?
Can you write hiragana?
Can you write in Braille?
Can you write it down?
Can you write it for me?
Can you write love letters in French?
Can you write me a check?
Can you write that down for me?
Can you write that down please?
Can you write that down?
Can you write that in hiragana please?
Can you write the Japanese hiragana characters for a, i, u, e and o?
Can you write with your left hand?
Can you write your name here?
Can you write?
Can you zip it for two minutes? I know what I'm doing.
Can you zip me up?
Can you zip up my dress?
Can you, please, help me with my homework?
Can you, please, pull up the weeds and water the flowers?
Can you?
Can your French teacher speak English?
Can your brother drive a car?
Can your brother drive?
Can your cat type this up?
Can your children speak French, too?
Can your children speak French?
Can your dog swim?
Can your friend cook?
Can your little sister put herself in your shoes?
Can your mom drive a car?
Can your mother drive a car?
Can your mother speak French, too?
Can your sister drive?
Can your wife drive?
Can your wife say something?
Can your wife speak French?
Can your wife speak German?
Can zombies exist in reality?
Can't I change my mind?
Can't I come in?
Can't I come with you?
Can't I do it tomorrow?
Can't I do that tomorrow?
Can't I get any privacy around here?
Can't I go and look for them?
Can't I just run away?
Can't I just stay home and play video games instead of going to school?
Can't I just tell the truth?
Can't I persuade you to come?
Can't I please just go?
Can't I stay here another week?
Can't I stay here with you?
Can't I tell the truth?
Can't Tom come with us?
Can't Tom get somebody else to do that?
Can't Tom get someone else to do it?
Can't Tom get someone else to do that?
Can't Tom ride a bicycle?
Can't Tom speak French?
Can't Tom swim?
Can't a woman have a dream?
Can't anybody else come?
Can't anyone do anything about it?
Can't anyone else come?
Can't anyone hear me?
Can't anyone see me?
Can't anyone take Tom's place?
Can't anything be done?
Can't do!
Can't he buy bread?
Can't he ride a bicycle?
Can't it be me?
Can't it wait until after Christmas?
Can't it wait?
Can't live without your television anymore?
Can't say I didn't warn you.
Can't see the forest for the trees.
Can't she wait for the sale to start, when the shops will bring down their prices?
Can't sleep, Tom?
Can't somebody else go to Australia?
Can't someone else do that?
Can't someone else do this?
Can't someone else go to Australia?
Can't someone else go to Boston?
Can't someone fix this?
Can't take it too seriously.
Can't the government just print more money?
Can't they do anything?
Can't they fight back?
Can't they happen again?
Can't they reproduce?
Can't they speak French?
Can't they speak Italian?
Can't think of an answer?
Can't this boat go any faster?
Can't this problem be solved?
Can't this wait till morning?
Can't this wait until things are back to normal?
Can't this wait until tomorrow?
Can't we all be friends?
Can't we all just get along?
Can't we at least try to get along?
Can't we be friends?
Can't we be grown-ups?
Can't we be reasonable here?
Can't we break it?
Can't we chat calmly about that?
Can't we discuss this?
Can't we do anything to help?
Can't we do anything?
Can't we do better than that?
Can't we do more than that?
Can't we fire Tom?
Can't we fire her?
Can't we fire him?
Can't we fire them?
Can't we get Tom to stop doing that?
Can't we get them to stop?
Can't we go faster?
Can't we go now?
Can't we go with Tom?
Can't we go with her?
Can't we go with him?
Can't we go with them?
Can't we go with you?
Can't we have a snack or something?
Can't we have these windows open?
Can't we just agree on this much?
Can't we just agree to disagree?
Can't we just ask Tom to go?
Can't we just ask Tom to leave?
Can't we just ask her to go?
Can't we just ask her to leave?
Can't we just ask him to go?
Can't we just ask him to leave?
Can't we just ask them to go?
Can't we just ask them to leave?
Can't we just be friends?
Can't we just decide that right now?
Can't we just flip a coin?
Can't we just get Tom to leave?
Can't we just get her to leave?
Can't we just get him to leave?
Can't we just get them to leave?
Can't we just go home?
Can't we just go?
Can't we just have a drink?
Can't we just leave?
Can't we just love each other?
Can't we just not bother with it?
Can't we just pretend this didn't happen?
Can't we just stroll around the park?
Can't we just talk this over?
Can't we just tell Mary what she should do?
Can't we just tell Tom what he should do?
Can't we just toss a coin?
Can't we just try to get on with each other?
Can't we keep this between us?
Can't we leave it as it is?
Can't we make a run for it?
Can't we play a little longer?
Can't we read aloud in schools then?
Can't we speed it up?
Can't we start again?
Can't we start at the beginning?
Can't we start over?
Can't we stop fighting now?
Can't we take care of this first?
Can't we talk about it in the morning?
Can't we talk about it now?
Can't we talk about this later?
Can't we talk this over?
Can't we tell Tom about it?
Can't we tell Tom?
Can't we tell her about it?
Can't we tell her?
Can't we tell him about it?
Can't we tell him?
Can't we tell them about it?
Can't we tell them?
Can't we think about this?
Can't we use a simile here?
Can't we wait a little bit longer?
Can't we wait until tomorrow to do this?
Can't we wait until tomorrow to finish this?
Can't we work something out here?
Can't we work something out?
Can't we work this out?
Can't you also use this website sort of like Twitter?
Can't you and Tom stay a little longer?
Can't you apply the rules a little more elastically?
Can't you at least stay until Monday?
Can't you be a little more civilized?
Can't you be a little more patient?
Can't you be more polite?
Can't you both just leave me alone?
Can't you bring down the price a bit?
Can't you buy a car?
Can't you calculate it?
Can't you calculate this?
Can't you come sooner?
Can't you come to Australia this year?
Can't you come to Australia with Tom?
Can't you come to Boston with Tom?
Can't you come with us?
Can't you decide?
Can't you discount it a little?
Can't you divorce fantasy from reality?
Can't you do any better than that?
Can't you do anything on your own?
Can't you do anything to help Tom?
Can't you do anything to help me?
Can't you do anything to help them?
Can't you do anything to stop it?
Can't you do anything to stop them?
Can't you do anything?
Can't you do it any faster?
Can't you do it?
Can't you do something about that?
Can't you do something to help Tom?
Can't you do something to help me?
Can't you do something?
Can't you do that any faster?
Can't you do that at all?
Can't you do that by yourself?
Can't you do that by yourselves?
Can't you do that on your own?
Can't you do that?
Can't you drive a little more slowly?
Can't you eat with us?
Can't you enhance the image?
Can't you even do simple arithmetic?
Can't you even do that right?
Can't you even do this?
Can't you even manage such a simple task?
Can't you even understand that, you dumbass?
Can't you ever be punctual? I have been waiting here for one hour.
Can't you fall asleep either?
Can't you fall asleep?
Can't you feel it?
Can't you find Tom?
Can't you find anything better to do?
Can't you find it?
Can't you find someone else to do this for you?
Can't you find what you're looking for?
Can't you find your keys?
Can't you fix it?
Can't you get Tom to stop?
Can't you get a grip of yourself and come over? Dad's 75 on Saturday, and he's missing you.
Can't you get by on your salary?
Can't you get her to stop?
Can't you get him to stop?
Can't you get in touch with Tom?
Can't you get in without lining up because you know the bouncer?
Can't you get somebody else to do that?
Can't you get somebody else to go?
Can't you get somebody else to help you?
Can't you get someone else to do that?
Can't you get someone else to go?
Can't you get them to stop?
Can't you get to sleep?
Can't you give me a little more time?
Can't you give me a little more?
Can't you give me a lower price?
Can't you give me some advice?
Can't you give me some more time?
Can't you give this little maiden something which will make her as strong as twelve men, to overcome the Snow Queen?
Can't you give us a few minutes?
Can't you go a bit lower on the price?
Can't you go any faster?
Can't you go by yourself?
Can't you go faster?
Can't you go on any longer?
Can't you go someplace else?
Can't you go to Australia with Tom?
Can't you go to Boston with Tom?
Can't you go tomorrow morning?
Can't you go tomorrow?
Can't you go with us tomorrow morning?
Can't you go?
Can't you guess what I'm doing?
Can't you hear all the car horns beeping behind us?
Can't you hear all the car horns honking behind us?
Can't you hear anything?
Can't you hear how silly it sounds?
Can't you hear it?
Can't you hear me?
Can't you hear my stomach growling?
Can't you hear the siren?
Can't you hear the sound?
Can't you hear? The phone's ringing.
Can't you help Tom?
Can't you help me just a little bit?
Can't you help me look for my wallet?
Can't you help me?
Can't you help us?
Can't you just accept that?
Can't you just ask Tom to help us?
Can't you just be happy and enjoy the party?
Can't you just be nice to each other?
Can't you just be quiet?
Can't you just buy a bicycle or something?
Can't you just fix it?
Can't you just get away from that stupid idea already?
Can't you just go away?
Can't you just leave me alone for a while?
Can't you just leave me alone?
Can't you just let this go?
Can't you just outsource your homework online?
Can't you just picture Ed in woman's disguise?
Can't you just pull yourself together and get here? Dad will be 75 on Saturday, and he misses you.
Can't you just regift it to someone else?
Can't you just sit awhile?
Can't you just stay a little bit longer?
Can't you just switch channels?
Can't you just take my word for it?
Can't you just talk to Tom?
Can't you just talk to her?
Can't you just talk to him?
Can't you just talk to them?
Can't you keep your dog from coming into my garden?
Can't you keep your voice down?
Can't you leave me alone?
Can't you let me be a friend to you?
Can't you lift me?
Can't you live your own life?
Can't you look away?
Can't you lower the price a bit?
Can't you lower your voice?
Can't you make an exception?
Can't you make it this year?
Can't you make it to Australia this year?
Can't you make it to Boston this year?
Can't you make up your mind?
Can't you move faster?
Can't you move your stuff to the other room?
Can't you open the door?
Can't you peel an orange?
Can't you please be quiet?
Can't you put it off until tomorrow?
Can't you put these boxes in another room?
Can't you quit it?
Can't you reach it?
Can't you reach the book on the shelf?
Can't you read between the lines?
Can't you read?
Can't you reduce the price a little?
Can't you repair the damage?
Can't you ride a bicycle?
Can't you run any faster?
Can't you say anything nice?
Can't you say it in Asturian?
Can't you see I love Mary?
Can't you see I need a little help?
Can't you see I'm busy here?
Can't you see I'm busy?
Can't you see I'm finally happy?
Can't you see I'm in the middle of something here?
Can't you see I'm in the middle of something?
Can't you see I'm not interested?
Can't you see I'm suffering?
Can't you see I'm trying to help?
Can't you see I'm working?
Can't you see Tom and Mary are dying?
Can't you see Tom and Mary are here to help us?
Can't you see Tom and Mary are injured?
Can't you see Tom and Mary are sick?
Can't you see Tom and Mary are trying to help you?
Can't you see Tom and Mary are upset?
Can't you see Tom and Mary aren't interested?
Can't you see Tom is dying?
Can't you see Tom is here to help us?
Can't you see Tom is in agony?
Can't you see Tom is injured?
Can't you see Tom is sick?
Can't you see Tom is trying to help you?
Can't you see Tom is upset?
Can't you see Tom isn't interested?
Can't you see a stapler somewhere around there?
Can't you see any difference between these?
Can't you see he doesn't want to talk to you?
Can't you see how important this is?
Can't you see it's bigger than the both of us?
Can't you see it's our only chance?
Can't you see it's your only chance?
Can't you see it?
Can't you see my arm is broken?
Can't you see my garden?
Can't you see right?
Can't you see she doesn't remember?
Can't you see she doesn't want to talk to you?
Can't you see she's a slut?
Can't you see she's not interested?
Can't you see that I'm busy?
Can't you see that I'm finally happy?
Can't you see that I'm in the middle of something here?
Can't you see that I'm in the middle of something?
Can't you see that I'm very busy now?
Can't you see that I'm working?
Can't you see that Tom and Mary need your help?
Can't you see that Tom disrespects you?
Can't you see that Tom doesn't want to talk to you?
Can't you see that Tom is happy?
Can't you see that Tom isn't happy?
Can't you see that Tom needs your help?
Can't you see that the more you do this, the more I hate you?
Can't you see that they're mocking you?
Can't you see that we're speaking?
Can't you see that you're not welcome here?
Can't you see that?
Can't you see the birds?
Can't you see the door's closed?
Can't you see the problem?
Can't you see the way she's looking at you?
Can't you see the world beyond the confines of your room?
Can't you see we're busy?
Can't you see we're just trying to have a good time here?
Can't you see we're on a break?
Can't you see we're talking?
Can't you see we're trying to work?
Can't you see we're very busy?
Can't you see what I'm doing here?
Can't you see what I'm trying to do?
Can't you see what Tom and I are doing?
Can't you see what Tom and Mary are doing?
Can't you see what Tom did to you?
Can't you see what Tom is doing?
Can't you see what just happened?
Can't you see what state I am in?
Can't you see what we're doing?
Can't you see what you have done?
Can't you see what's going on here?
Can't you see what's going on?
Can't you see what's happening here?
Can't you see what's happening to you?
Can't you see what's happening?
Can't you see who it is?
Can't you see why we're suspicious?
Can't you see?
Can't you see? The future is here!
Can't you sense it?
Can't you separate fantasy and reality from each other?
Can't you settle this through dialogue?
Can't you shut your mouth?
Can't you shut your trap for a few minutes?
Can't you sing?
Can't you sit the story out for a while?
Can't you sit with Tom?
Can't you sleep?
Can't you sort it out through dialogue?
Can't you sort things out through dialogue?
Can't you sort this matter out through dialogue?
Can't you speak English yet?
Can't you speak English?
Can't you speak French?
Can't you stay a little longer?
Can't you stay a while longer?
Can't you stay here with us?
Can't you stay in Australia until at least October?
Can't you stay in Boston until at least Monday?
Can't you stay with me?
Can't you stop Tom from crying?
Can't you stop Tom?
Can't you stop her from crying?
Can't you stop her?
Can't you stop him from crying?
Can't you stop him?
Can't you stop them?
Can't you suggest something else, Tom?
Can't you swim at all?
Can't you swim?
Can't you take a hint?
Can't you take a joke?
Can't you talk any sense into Tom?
Can't you talk some sense into Tom?
Can't you talk to Tom for me?
Can't you talk to her for me?
Can't you talk to him for me?
Can't you talk to them for me?
Can't you tell me about it?
Can't you tell me anything?
Can't you tell me how to do this?
Can't you tell me what Tom said?
Can't you tell me what it felt like?
Can't you tell right from wrong?
Can't you tell smoke from steam yet?
Can't you tell that Tom and Mary are upset?
Can't you tell that Tom is upset?
Can't you tell that that's a lie?
Can't you tell the difference between butter and margarine?
Can't you tell us anything about it?
Can't you tell us anything else?
Can't you tell us anything?
Can't you tell what to do?
Can't you tell when I'm just joking?
Can't you tell?
Can't you think any faster?
Can't you think of anything?
Can't you turn that thing off?
Can't you understand French?
Can't you understand how I feel?
Can't you understand how absurd it is?
Can't you understand it's impossible?
Can't you understand it?
Can't you understand that Tom needs a rest?
Can't you understand that Tom needs some rest?
Can't you understand that it's impossible?
Can't you understand the pain of your parents?
Can't you understand what's happening here?
Can't you understand?
Can't you vacuum later?
Can't you wait a bit?
Can't you wait a little bit?
Can't you wait a little longer?
Can't you wait another ten minutes?
Can't you wait just ten more minutes?
Can't you wait ten more minutes?
Can't you wait till 2.30?
Can't you wait till 2:30?
Can't you wait until 2.30?
Can't you wait until 2:30?
Can't you wait until tomorrow?
Can't you wait?
Can't you walk faster?
Can't you walk the dog?
Can't you walk?
Can't you work any faster than that?
Can't you work things out through dialog?
Can't you worry about something else?
Can't you wrap your head around the fact that there are people with different circumstances than you?
Can't you write me?
Can't you write to me?
Can't your sister swim?
Can-can can-can can can can can can-can.
Canada Moonseed is found along streams.
Canada abounds in timber.
Canada and Mexico are both located along the US borders.
Canada and Mexico both share a border with the USA.
Canada and Russia are enormous countries.
Canada and Russia are large countries.
Canada borders Alaska.
Canada borders the United States.
Canada borders the northern part of the United States.
Canada celebrated its Thanksgiving on Oct. 12 and saw cases spike shortly thereafter.
Canada has a cold climate.
Canada has signed a trade agreement with the European Union.
Canada has the most lakes in the world.
Canada has thirteen provinces and territories.
Canada has two official languages: French and English.
Canada is a Nordic country.
Canada is a big country.
Canada is a bilingual country.
Canada is a country located in North America.
Canada is a good place to go if it's your first experience living abroad.
Canada is a good place to go if it’s your first experience living abroad.
Canada is a great place for sightseeing.
Canada is a large country.
Canada is a model for democracy.
Canada is a multicultural society.
Canada is a neighboring country of the USA.
Canada is a sovereign nation.
Canada is a very cold country.
Canada is a wonderful country.
Canada is awesome!
Canada is bigger than Japan.
Canada is blowing smoke in our faces.
Canada is facing serious economic problems.
Canada is full of Kabyles.
Canada is going down the woke road.
Canada is in North America.
Canada is larger than Japan.
Canada is larger than the United States.
Canada is located in North America.
Canada is not a paradise.
Canada is on the north side of America.
Canada is one of the most admired countries in the entire world.
Canada is one of the most multicultural places on Earth.
Canada is one of the most sparsely populated countries in the world.
Canada is our friend.
Canada is really big and there are lots of people.
Canada is rich in raw lumber.
Canada is sparsely populated.
Canada is the motherland of ice hockey.
Canada is the source of all the world's problems.
Canada is to the north of the United States.
Canada produces good wheat.
Canada produces high-quality wheat.
Canada reopened its land border with the United States to vaccinated citizens for non-essential travel.
Canada repatriated its constitution from the UK in 1982, severing a final colonial tie.
Canada wants to strengthen its relationships with reliable allies.
Canada wants to strengthen its relationships with trustworthy allies.
Canada welcomes Algerian immigrants.
Canada welcomes Algerians.
Canada will send 225 athletes to the Pyeongchang Olympics.
Canada won in overtime.
Canada's Andre de Grasse won the bronze medal in the 100m race.
Canada's Arctic is the warmest it has been in 10,000 years.
Canada's crime rate is decreasing.
Canada's decision to legalize recreational marijuana in October 2018 was greeted by advocates and critics with predictions of dramatic benefits or dire consequences.
Canada's no paradise.
Canada's on fire.
Canada's only land border is with the United States.
Canada's reputation shines brightly across the world.
Canada, Belgium and Switzerland encourage bilingualism; knowing at least two languages, perhaps even three or more, is a real advantage.
Canada, Mexico and the United States won a united bid to host the 2026 World Cup.
Canada, a country covered with snows and ices eight months of the year, inhabited by barbarians, bears and beavers.
Canada, too, began to prepare for war.
Canada’s crime rate is decreasing.
Canada’s postal service is trying to bridge the socially distanced gap of the coronavirus pandemic by encouraging people to send postcards to loved ones.
Canada’s women soccer team beat Sweden, 3-2 on penalty kicks after a 1-1 draw.
Canadian Algerian community is much smaller than the French one.
Canadian John Pomeroy, a water resources and climate change expert, said the loss of water resources in mountain ranges around the world is devastating the communities in those areas and destabilizing vast populations downstream.
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau announced Friday a ban on assault-style weapons following the slaying of 22 people in the worst mass shooting in the country’s history.
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau on Friday urged Canadians to stay home, avoid contact with others and follow public health rules to help slow the spread of COVID-19.
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, put himself in isolation after his wife showed mild symptoms of the virus.
Canadian Thanksgiving Day and Columbus Day in the USA coincide, so Esperanto speakers from both countries take this opportunity to have an international meeting.
Canadian cuisine is horrible.
Canadian dollar looks different from American dollar.
Canadian officials weighed the supplies of each man.
Canadian researchers measured the levels of long-chain omega-3 fatty acids in the women's blood at 24 weeks of pregnancy, and again one week following delivery. The health of the children was then tracked for five years, the age at which symptoms of asthma, such as wheezing, often first appear. Women who had low levels of omega-3 fatty acids at the start of the study benefitted the most from supplementation, researchers found.
Canadian sparrows fly very long distances east-west between British Columbia and Ontario.
Canadian swimmer Penny Oleksiak won four medals at the Rio Olympics at the age of only 16.
Canadian wheat prices are forecast to decrease.
Canadians accept people from other countries.
Canadians are all the same.
Canadians are having fewer children.
Canadians are more in debt than anyone else in the world.
Canadians are not Americans.
Canadians are not all the same.
Canadians are our friends.
Canadians are said to be the world's most polite people.
Canadians are tough.
Canadians aren't like that.
Canadians do the same thing.
Canadians don't usually do things like that.
Canadians endure.
Canadians love hockey.
Canadians use a mixture of metric and imperial measuring systems. It is difficult for us to maintain being purely metric, because we are so close to the USA. And there are many older people educated in imperial.
Canals have been built to irrigate the desert.
Canaries are small birds and people sometimes keep them as a pets.
Canasta is my favorite card game.
Canberra depends on Washington for its security.
Canberra is Australia's capital.
Canberra is the capital city of Australia.
Canberra is the capital of Australia.
Cancel all my appointments for this morning.
Cancel all my appointments.
Cancel culture has become today's Inquisition.
Cancel culture is a danger to the human civilization.
Cancel culture is a modern form of ostracism.
Cancel culture is all about reputation destruction.
Cancel culture is interpersonal, not parasocial. It has nothing to do with celebrities.
Cancel culture is made up.
Cancel culture is toxic.
Cancel culture needs to stop.
Cancel it as soon as you can, please.
Cancel it!
Cancel it.
Cancel or postpone your foreign trips.
Cancel that.
Cancel the appointment.
Cancel the deal.
Cancel the meeting.
Cancel the order.
Cancel this!
Cancel those photos please.
Cancel your reservations.
Canceling is the right call.
Cancellation fees are rising fast.
Cancer can be cured easily if it is found in its first phase.
Cancer can be cured if discovered in time.
Cancer can be treated if it is detected in the early stages.
Cancer can kill people.
Cancer cells reproduce quickly.
Cancer is a great enemy of humanity.
Cancer is a great enemy of mankind.
Cancer is a terrible disease.
Cancer is not one but more than a hundred distinct diseases.
Cancer is not one but more than one hundred distinct diseases.
Cancer is the great enemy of mankind.
Cancer is the leading cause for hospice care.
Cancer kills thousands of people every year.
Cancer may be related to viruses of some kind.
Cancer might kill me.
Cancer patients often have to deal with debilitating bouts of nausea.
Cancer researcher Michael Burns said pinpointing which bacteria cause cancer in the large intestine could help identify patients who are at high risk for the disease.
Cancer stops smoking.
Cancer took Tom.
Cancer took him.
Cancer treatment might have just taken a big leap into the computer age. Stanford University researchers are reporting significant success in training computers to analyze microscope slides of breast cancer biopsies with a keener eye than any human pathologist.
Cancer treatments and strong painkillers like morphine can also cause itchiness. Yet effective treatments for severe itching are limited. This is partly because scientists have traditionally thought that an itch was a less intense form of pain. Because of this, Professor Chen says itch research has lived in the shadow of pain research.
Cancún is my favorite Mexican city.
Candidates must be duly nominated by the electoral commission.
Candidates traded blows over the proposed tax cut.
Candidates whose nomination was rejected have five days to appeal.
Candidly, the last year was a challenging one for me.
Candidness and transparency, information and communication are the basis of mutual trust.
Candies are not real food.
Candlelight and soft music created a romantic atmosphere.
Candlelight creates a cosy atmosphere on a winter evening.
Candlelight creates a cosy atmosphere on a winter's evening.
Candlelight is my favorite kind of light.
Candlelight lit the room.
Candlemass is an influential Swedish doom metal band.
Candles gleamed brightly beside the jacuzzi.
Candles gleamed brightly besides the jacuzzi.
Candles lit the room.
Candles were burning in the flat.
Candles were burning in the hallways.
Candles were everywhere.
Candles will be provided.
Candy corn is a Halloween favorite, but personally I find it disgusting.
Candy corn is a divisive treat.
Candy floss is usually sold and made at funfairs.
Candy is a sugary lump.
Candy is a sugary mass.
Candy is bad for your teeth.
Candy is dandy, but liquor is quicker.
Canes are essential for the elderly.
Canine animals serve in the U.S. military in dangerous situations.
Canine rabies kills tens of thousands of people every year and costs economies billions of dollars.
Canis Major is a constellation.
Cannabaceae belong to the order Rosales.
Cannabaceae includes cannabis, hops and hackberries.
Cannabis and hops are Cannabaceae.
Cannabis does different things to different people.
Cannabis is medicine.
Cannabis is now legal in New York State.
Canned beans and romance do not mix.
Canned food doesn't interest her.
Canned food doesn't interest him.
Canned food doesn’t interest her.
Cannes helps a lot of movie stars.
Cannibal Corpse is an American death metal band.
Cannibal!
Cannoli are Italian pastries from Sicily.
Cannon fire is thundering in the distance.
Cannot delete the item.
Canoes can be rented locally.
Canola oil has fewer trans fats than butter.
Canopus is the brightest star in the constellation Carina.
Canopus lies so far south in the night sky that it can't be seen from Central Europe. Only from the southernmost part of Europe, for example from Crete or Gibraltar, can it be observed.
Cans can be opened with a can opener.
Cantonese Pinyin is the standard Cantonese Pinyin
Cantonese has 6 to 9 tones.
Cantonese is the prestige dialect of the Yue group.
Can’t I rest a little bit?
Can’t he ride a bicycle?
Can’t just anybody say “fuck no!” anymore?
Can’t see the forest for the trees.
Can’t think of an answer?
Can’t we just agree to disagree?
Can’t we use a simile here?
Can’t you apply the rules a little more elastically?
Can’t you bring down the price a bit?
Can’t you discount it a little?
Can’t you divorce fantasy from reality?
Can’t you do something to help me?
Can’t you ever be punctual? I have been waiting here for one hour.
Can’t you get by on your salary?
Can’t you give me a lower price?
Can’t you go on any longer?
Can’t you guess what I’m doing?
Can’t you hear the sound?
Can’t you just picture Ed in woman’s disguise?
Can’t you keep your dog from coming into my garden?
Can’t you move faster?
Can’t you put it off until tomorrow?
Can’t you reach the book on the shelf?
Can’t you read between the lines?
Can’t you ride a bicycle?
Can’t you see a stapler somewhere around there?
Can’t you see right?
Can’t you see the truth in her eyes?
Can’t you sit the story out for a while?
Can’t you speak English?
Can’t you stay a little longer?
Can’t you tell right from wrong?
Can’t you understand the pain of your parents?
Can’t you wait just ten more minutes?
Caoimhe has a big dog.
Cape Dezhnev is 30 miles south of the Arctic Circle.
Cape Horn, located at the southern tip of South America, is one of the most treacherous sailing passages in the world.
Cape Town is running out of water.
Cape Verde is called "Cabo Verde" in Portuguese.
Capeesh?
Capers are like little olives.
Capisce?
Capital accumulated because of interest.
Capital cities are big and noisy.
Capital creates space-time.
Capital investments planned by major Japanese businesses for this year have been revised upward in view of an improving economic outlook.
Capital is dead.
Capital punishment kills immediately, whereas lifetime imprisonment does so slowly. Which executioner is more humane? The one who kills you in a few minutes, or the one who wrests your life from you in the course of many years?
Capital punishment should be abolished.
Capital, land and labor are the three key factors of production.
Capital-intensive industries are not necessarily knowledge-intensive industries.
Capitalism assumes that people are generally competitive, which they are not.
Capitalism can't be reformed.
Capitalism can't exist without the concept of personal property.
Capitalism can’t run backwards.
Capitalism comes into being when a labor market is present.
Capitalism does not allow everyone to succeed; it requires an underclass.
Capitalism doesn't make things; workers do.
Capitalism doesn't provide unlimited opportunity to an unlimited number of people.
Capitalism eats everyone's time.
Capitalism feeds everyone's insecurities.
Capitalism gives an insane amount of power to people who did not earn it.
Capitalism has discovered ecology as a selling point.
Capitalism has grown economically and politically stronger.
Capitalism has its reasons unknown to reason.
Capitalism has lifted millions out of poverty.
Capitalism has triumphed all over the world, but this triumph is only the prelude to the triumph of labour over capital.
Capitalism hasn't been around for very long.
Capitalism is a cargo cult.
Capitalism is a crazy system that gives a minority of people a good life, but drowns the majority in misery!
Capitalism is a pyramid scheme.
Capitalism is a scam.
Capitalism is amoral and harms humanity for its own sake.
Capitalism is coercive.
Capitalism is destroying the world.
Capitalism is dystopian.
Capitalism is going to end one way or another.
Capitalism is kakistocratic.
Capitalism is legalized robbery by the ruling class.
Capitalism is poverty.
Capitalism is taking over everything.
Capitalism is the best system God ever made.
Capitalism is the exploitation of man by man. Communism is the exact opposite.
Capitalism is the problem, but Marxism-Leninism is not the solution.
Capitalism is the serpent in our paradise.
Capitalism is wage theft.
Capitalism killed four billionaires.
Capitalism makes everyone a hustler.
Capitalism might be the best means we know of for generating wealth, but it is not a perfect system for distributing wealth.
Capitalism only works in theory.
Capitalism pulled millions of people out of poverty in China.
Capitalism ruined the Internet.
Capitalism ruins everything.
Capitalism tends to destroy its two sources of wealth: workers and the earth.
Capitalism tends to erode the moral foundations on which it was built.
Capitalism will cut down the tree if it can't sell its shadow.
Capitalism will win.
Capitalism, invented by humanity, became its master.
Capitalist, eh? Name every capital.
Capitalists are right-wing.
Capitalists assume people are competitive in nature.
Capitulate!
Capoeira is a Brazilian martial art which combines elements of dance, acrobatics and music.
Capping the contributions a non-native speaker can make in a given language is an insult to their intelligence.
Capri is one of the most beautiful islands in Italy.
Capricious as April.
Capricorn is a great contender for holding the title of the meanest zodiac sign of all time.
Capricorn is the smartest zodiac sign without any possible debate and there's no need to launch a debate on that proven fact.
Capricorn people are incredibly reliable in everyday life and you can easily rely upon them for anything with your eyes closed.
Capricorn's are naturally inclined towards achieving success in their lives.
Capricorn's biggest wish in life is to have success.
Capricorn's only main concern in life is being successful.
Capricorns are able to stay focused on any given task longer than any other zodiac sign.
Capricorns are always one step ahead of everyone else.
Capricorns are always trying to get closer and to come closer to perfection every single time.
Capricorns are clearly dominating this world.
Capricorns are famously known for their strong work ethic.
Capricorns are hated simply because they're smarter than anyone else.
Capricorns are highly intelligent.
Capricorns are huge perfectionists and Capricorns like to achieve perfection.
Capricorns are just one inch nearer to perfection than most other people.
Capricorns are living examples of real success in life.
Capricorns are meant to achieve and to accomplish fabulous things on this planet.
Capricorns are naturally confident in their mental and physical abilities.
Capricorns are naturally confident in themselves.
Capricorns are no stranger to suffering.
Capricorns are overly concerned with making their life a resounding success.
Capricorns are quick to point out other people's personality flaws.
Capricorns are rulers of destiny.
Capricorns are so charismatic, they exude great charm.
Capricorns are so intent in making other people's lives a real nightmare.
Capricorns are so self-absorbed in their work life that they forget to spend time with their closed ones.
Capricorns are the glue that keeps society sane.
Capricorns are the glue that keeps this world moving and that keeps this world sane.
Capricorns are the glue that keeps this world working fine.
Capricorns are the glue that stick this world together.
Capricorns are the most intimidating people on the planet, they tend to be too much to handle for people, their presence is too overwhelmingly intense for most people to handle.
Capricorns are the most unique zodiac sign and their personal power is like no other.
Capricorns are the real deal, others zodiac signs are just subhumans.
Capricorns are the toughest mentally speaking.
Capricorns are the undisputed masters of mental manipulation.
Capricorns aren't easy to manipulate.
Capricorns being the best is painfully obvious and shouldn't even be doubted.
Capricorns can become bitter when they don't reach success.
Capricorns can become too hard on themselves when success doesn't come through.
Capricorns can freeze you over with their cold-as-ice attitude.
Capricorns can have so many unpredictable reactions if you push their bottoms too hard.
Capricorns can pick up on a person's energy in a matter of seconds.
Capricorns have a lot of redeeming and endearing personal qualities about themselves that easily attracts other people to them.
Capricorns have a mental power that is pratically unbeatable by most other zodiac signs.
Capricorns have a natural inclination to teaching.
Capricorns have a natural inclination towards mental madness.
Capricorns have always had a slight edge on all other zodiac signs that makes all the difference.
Capricorns have always had the upper hand over all the other zodiac signs in the whole world since the very onset of all humanity.
Capricorns have always held the title for the world's best zodiac sign ever since the dawn of time.
Capricorns have always taken the lead since the onset of all humanity.
Capricorns have always wanted to take over the world.
Capricorns have deeply anchored personal moral values.
Capricorns have the whole whole in the palm of their hands.
Capricorns holds the undisputed title position for being the world's best zodiac sign in the whole world.
Capricorns put everyone else's smartness to shame.
Capricorns should be dealt with and handled with great caution.
Capricorns usually turn their back on their close family.
Capricorns will always be more interesting than Scorpios people.
Capricorns will always come out on top of every other zodiac sign.
Capricorns will always find a means to take over control over people.
Capricorns will always make it to the best spot among all other zodiac signs, because that's just in our nature and how we're made.
Capricorns will criticize everything about you but will disregard their own shortcomings in the process.
Capricorns will tell you when they're unhappy with your behavior.
Capricorns won't let themselves be fooled by anyone.
Capricorns won't let themselves be ruled by anyone, they make their own rules as they go along in life.
Capricorns, whether they are unevolved or perfectly evolved, always end up being successful thanks to their great powers of perseverance.
Capsicum is one of my favorite spices.
Captain Akagi sprained his ankle during practice, so, before the game, he taped it up until it was stiff as a board.
Captain Branciforte didn't care at all for his son's future.
Captain Cook discovered those islands.
Captain Cook thanked the natives for their hospitality.
Captain Jackson dipped the pen in ink and continued the log book.
Captain Jackson has lots of men.
Captain Jackson is in charge of the flagship.
Captain Jackson led the attack.
Captain Jackson ordered his men to open fire.
Captain Jackson went down with his ship.
Captain Phil Taneborne of the Royal Dragoon Guards and his unit spent Friday afternoon distributing metal detectors and checking to make sure everything is in place for the poll.
Captain on deck.
Captain, there's an unidentified alien ship approaching.
Captains have responsibility for ship and crew.
Captains should not exchange between themselves superior and inferior officers and privates, without a written decree of the commander of the fleet, under penalty of a fine equivalent to a monthly salary.
Caption this photo.
Captive ball rings are an alternative to barbells for a Prince Albert piercing, but they are more obvious through pants.
Captivity makes gorillas sick.
Capture Tom alive.
Capture him alive.
Captured by the enemy, he decided to commit suicide.
Captured by the enemy, he decides to commit suicide.
Captured.
Capturing a chess piece refers to removing that piece from the board.
Capturing the hornets alive would allow entomologists to tag the hornets and hopefully trace them back to their colonies where they could be eradicated.
Capybaras absolutely love watermelon.
Car accidents are the leading cause of death for teenagers in the United States.
Car exhaust causes serious pollution in towns.
Car exhaust gases take years off a life.
Car makers are struggling to deal with semiconductor shortages.
Car manufacturing and the industries that support this sector are collectively the biggest industry in the world.
Car manufacturing is carried out by computer-programmed robots in place of human workers.
Car parts are expensive.
Car production has peaked.
Car production in that year reached a record 10 million vehicles.
Car sales in China have plunged by 80 percent in a month.
Car windows accumulate frost on winter mornings.
Car!
Car? Ah, if you mean that limousine, - I chartered it.
Caracas is Venezuela's capital.
Caracas is the capital of Venezuela.
Caramel is just burnt sugar.
Caravaggio is a very famous painter.
Caravaggio's paintings are recognized immediately.
Carbamide peroxide is also used as a disinfectant and in dentistry for its teeth whitening effects.
Carbohydrates are one of the five essential nutrients.
Carbon arc lamps emit a spectrum similar to sunlight.
Carbon dating was performed on the sample to determine its age.
Carbon dioxide emissions produced by burning fossil fuels are the major cause of global warming, so efforts to combat climate change have focused on ways to cut CO₂ releases. But according to the new study published this week in the journal Science, a quicker and more effective strategy would be to reduce emissions of other, shorter-lived air pollutants. The measures would not just slow climate change, but also boost crop yields, save money, and save lives.
Carbon dioxide is a gas that is produced every time a fuel such as coal, oil, or natural gas is burned.
Carbon dioxide is a greenhouse gas. That means it traps heat from Earth's surface and holds the heat in the atmosphere.
Carbon dioxide is a heavy gas; it stays down near the earth's surface. Therefore it cannot exert a greenhouse effect.
Carbon dioxide is a very adaptable molecule.
Carbon dioxide is also called CO2.
Carbon dioxide is also called carbonic gas.
Carbon dioxide is indispensable for plants.
Carbon dioxide is not a poison in itself.
Carbon dioxide is sometimes harmful to humans.
Carbon dioxide sometimes harms people.
Carbon dioxide, methane and nitrous oxide, the main man-made greenhouse gases blamed for global warming, increased to record post-industrial concentrations last year, according to a report by the World Meteorological Organization.
Carbon emissions trading has yet to take off in earnest.
Carbon fiber is lighter than steel.
Carbon is the name for the element with atomic number 6 and is represented by the symbol C. It is a member of the nonmetal group.
Carbon monoxide is a poisonous substance formed by the incomplete combustion of carbon compounds.
Carbon monoxide is colorless and odorless.
Carbon monoxide poisoning can cause hallucinations.
Carbon pollution is the biggest driver of climate change.
Carbonated beverages oftentimes have a high caloric content.
Carbonic acid is a product of many chemical reactions.
Carcassonne is a medieval fortified French city located in the south of France.
Card in hand, the referee raises the colors symbolizing punishment: yellow, punishing the culprit and forcing him to repent. And red, driving him out.
Cardboard boxes are not very resistant, but much cheaper.
Cardboard boxes rip easily.
Cardboard is mainly used for transporting packages and packaging food.
Cardboard is more durable than paper.
Cardboard is more resistant than paper.
Cardboard is more robust than paper.
Cardboard is stronger than paper.
Cardboard is well suited for making model houses.
Cardiff is the capital of Wales.
Cardinal Bergoglio was elected Pope by the Conclave.
Cardinal Bergoglio was elected by the conclave as Pope and took the name Francis.
Cardinal Jorge Mario Bergoglio has been elected pope.
Cardinal Robert Francis Prevost, of American and Peruvian nationality, has just been elected Pope and will adopt the name Leo XIV (08.05.2025).
Cardinal de Richelieu died in 1642.
Cardinals are, in general, excellent polyglots.
Cardiopulmonary resuscitation is commonly known as 'CPR'.
Cardiovascular diseases are closely linked to obesity.
Cardiovascular endurance is one of the six components of physical fitness.
Cards are not in my line.
Care aged him quickly.
Care follows increase of riches.
Care for a game of badminton?
Care for a smoke?
Care for tea or coffee?
Care has made her look ten years older.
Care killed a cat.
Care over the particulars only has meaning once it gets across to customers.
Care to embark on the journey of a lifetime with me?
Care to explain why you are late?
Care to go for another round?
Care to join me for dinner tonight?
Care to join me, handsome?
Care to lend a hand?
Care to make a wager?
Care to reel in some big ones? Let's go fishing.
Care to try?
Career opportunities, flex-time, satellite offices, and more childcare facilities are required to make women at home join the work force.
Careful as he was he made unexpected mistakes.
Careful as he was, he made an unexpected mistake.
Careful driving prevents accidents.
Careful not to cut yourself with the shaver.
Careful now, you're rambling!
Careful of his health, he seldom falls ill.
Careful of the snakes!
Careful preparations ensure success.
Careful what you say to Ziri. You don't want to piss off your new boss.
Careful what you say.
Careful with that rock.
Careful with that. It's worth more than your life.
Careful with the bike!
Careful with the bleach.
Careful with the magnifying glass!
Careful work will bear its fruit.
Careful – we're coming to a junction.
Careful!
Careful! Don't run over the cat!
Careful! Don’t burn yourself.
Careful! Emotional dependency is not synonymous with love!
Careful! It's a hot plate.
Careful! It's very slippery here.
Careful! Someone could hear us!
Careful! That's a priceless fossil.
Careful! The bus is arriving!
Careful! The floor is slippery.
Careful! The knife is very sharp.
Careful! The pavement is slippery.
Careful! The soup's hot.
Careful! The walls have ears.
Careful! There's a pothole on the road.
Careful! Watch out!
Careful! You're stepping on a snail.
Careful! Your sleeve is in the soup.
Careful, Lojban speakers!
Careful, Mary is right behind you!
Careful, don't cut yourself.
Careful, don't fall!
Careful, don't wake Tom.
Careful, it bites!
Careful, it could break on us.
Careful, it's loaded.
Careful, please.
Careful, sir – it's slippery.
Careful, steps!
Careful, the boss is in a bad mood today.
Careful, the man has a gun.
Careful, the street is like an ice rink.
Careful, the tea is piping hot.
Careful, there's some sharp thistles over there!
Careful, this is a one-way street!
Careful, this street is like an ice rink.
Careful, ugly Cricket! If you make me angry, you'll be sorry!
Careful. There's some broken glass there.
Careful. You're dragging the dress all over the floor.
Careful. Your elitism is showing.
Careful: the enemy is attacking!
Careful; Tom's a bit sensitive.
Careful; watch out for snakes!
Carefully conserved though that oxygen is, no process is or can be one hundred per cent efficient. There will be leakage into space, and that which is lost must be replaced. To bring oxygen from Earth in liquid form would be outrageously expensive and even more outrageously inefficient—and no other planet in the System has free oxygen for the taking.
Carefully consider all the options.
Carefully cut it while holding it in your hands.
Carefully fold in the grated Gruyère, the uncooked ham and the broccoli.
Carefully opening the jar, Rodrigo watched as the centipede quickly crawled out and disappeared into the grass.
Carefully, the woman counted the money, and then said, "But you're still missing the 0.99."
Carefully, the woman counted the money, and then said, "But you’re still missing the 0.99."
Careless as she was, she could never pass an examination.
Careless driving causes accidents.
Careless people often make mistakes.
Carelessly stringing words and constructions together, you ultimately get a finished sentence that makes sense. Isn't that a miracle?
Carelessness can lead to a serious accident.
Carelessness is a frequent cause of accidents.
Carelessness is a no-no.
Carelessness is his principal feature.
Carelessness is his principle feature.
Carelessness is the cause of accidents.
Carelessness is the great enemy.
Carelessness often causes accidents.
Carelessness often results in accidents.
Carelessness was looked on as a serious defect.
Cares and worries were pervasive in her mind.
Caretto lives in St. Bernard Parish, a collection of small communities sandwiched between swamps, the Mississippi River and lakes that lead to the Gulf of Mexico.
Cargo trucks from India are not entering Bangladesh.
Caribou can see ultraviolet light. This ability is crucial to their survival in a harsh Arctic environment.
Caribou can spot wolves using their ultraviolet vision.
Caribou eat almost only lichen during the winter.
Caribou hate mosquitoes.
Caribou migrate up to 5000 km each year.
Caricatures shouldn't be tasteless.
Caring doesn't hurt.
Caring for one another is crucial.
Caring for plants is calming.
Caring means being alive.
Caring, empathy, and sensitivity aren't feminine traits, but human ones.
Carioca is a Philippine, often ball-shaped doughnut made of sugared deep-fried ground glutinous rice with grated coconut.
Carl Benz obtained in 1886 the patent for the first car.
Carl Gauss studied modular arithmetic extensively.
Carl Gustav Jung, the founder of analytical psychology, always respected the religious convictions of his patients very much.
Carl Johan Sundberg, a professor of molecular exercise physiology at the Karolinska Institutet in Stockholm and a member of the World Anti-Doping Agency’s gene doping panel, said scientists have gotten pretty good at detecting doping substances, as long as there’s not too much time between doping and testing.
Carl Jung's theories were even wilder than Freud's.
Carl Linnaeus is famous for his early classifications of thousands of animals and plant species.
Carl Sagan gathered information about our planet onto a disk and sent it into space, so that other intelligent beings would find it.
Carl Sagan's television series "Cosmos" became the most watched show in public television history.
Carl and Joseph are the father and godfather of this child, respectively.
Carl cannot have been a model student.
Carl doesn't know if he could adopt sentences in Esperanto, since Esperanto isn't his native language.
Carl eats jabuticabas.
Carl has a lifelong interest in exploring the connections between ancient pictographs and traditional Native American understandings of astronomy and the constellations.
Carl is the tallest man alive.
Carl looked very happy.
Carl looks very happy.
Carl showed me the gold medal.
Carl stamped his feet against the cold, cupping his cigarette in his hand.
Carl started learning Guarani today.
Carl was happy to be back on dry land after his boat trip.
Carl was happy to be back on terra firma after the boating trip.
Carl was not lonely.
Carl's uncle speaks German, French and Russian, but not English.
Carl, you're obsessed with money.
Carl, you’re obsessed with money.
Carla is a photographer.
Carla is the one freshman who aced every course in which she enrolled.
Carla, the singer, has a great voice.
Carlos Gavidia epitomizes the American dream. A Peruvian-born immigrant, he rose from Washington hot dog vendor to become the CEO of a financial services company.
Carlos Gavidia wears two wedding rings. The smaller one keeps the larger one from sliding off his finger.
Carlos Menem attended the opening ceremony of the 1992 Olympics held in Barcelona, Spain.
Carlos Morel was the first Argentine illustrator.
Carlos Morel was the first Argentine painter.
Carlos Queiroz was fired by the Portuguese Football Federation.
Carlos Santana plays the guitar.
Carlos Slim is the world's second richest person.
Carlos accelerated and drove away.
Carlos accepted his fate.
Carlos accepted the mission.
Carlos accidentally stumbled into Rima.
Carlos accomplished his mission.
Carlos accused Rima of being a cheater.
Carlos accused Rima of cheating on him.
Carlos actually works for Rima.
Carlos admired Rima.
Carlos admitted to adultery.
Carlos agreed to be recruited.
Carlos agreed to do so.
Carlos also arrived there.
Carlos also has his insecurities.
Carlos and I have been colleagues for many years.
Carlos and I often brainstorm new ideas together as colleagues.
Carlos and Melissa left Algiers to start their honeymoon in Oran.
Carlos and Melissa really seem to like one another.
Carlos and Melissa went on a private holiday to Algeria.
Carlos and Rima discussed what they should do.
Carlos and Rima engaged in a gunfight.
Carlos and Rima engaged in a short gunfight.
Carlos and Rima eventually made out.
Carlos and Rima finally kissed.
Carlos and Rima have kids that look exactly like Walid.
Carlos and Rima soon started a conversation together.
Carlos and Rima were enjoying their time together.
Carlos and Rima were getting married the next day.
Carlos and Rima were having a conversation in a hotel room.
Carlos and Rima were sitting on a bench together.
Carlos and his herd dog are a team.
Carlos and his herd dog have a strong bond.
Carlos and the herd dog are inseparable.
Carlos and the herd dog share a special connection.
Carlos and the herd dog work tirelessly.
Carlos and the herd dog work together.
Carlos approached Rima and apologized for what he did to her.
Carlos arrived at a dangerous-looking place.
Carlos arrived at his hotel at five.
Carlos arrived back.
Carlos arrived home late.
Carlos arrived sooner than expected.
Carlos arrived there.
Carlos asked Rima about her favorite wish.
Carlos asked Rima to get ready.
Carlos asked Rima to ignore that.
Carlos asked Rima to meet him at five.
Carlos asked Rima to read his mind.
Carlos asked Rima to restart the story from the beginning.
Carlos asked for the check.
Carlos asked for the wine list.
Carlos asked the driver to take him to his hotel.
Carlos asked the driver to take him to the airport.
Carlos associated with known criminals.
Carlos ate more couscous.
Carlos attempted to communicate with someone outside.
Carlos became strong.
Carlos began the conversation.
Carlos began to read the magazine in his free time.
Carlos believed that his company had a responsibility to give back to the community.
Carlos believed that his company had the potential to change the world.
Carlos believed that his company's success was due to its focus on innovation and quality.
Carlos believes Rima is from Algeria.
Carlos believes that biology can help us address some of the greatest challenges facing humanity.
Carlos believes that the study of biology should be accessible to people of all ages and backgrounds.
Carlos bid Rima farewell.
Carlos blew out all the candles on his birthday cake in one try.
Carlos boarded the plane.
Carlos bought Melissa a new Shawi dress.
Carlos broke the window.
Carlos broke us up.
Carlos brought Rima to the room.
Carlos brought back his lost daughter.
Carlos brought the baby to Rima.
Carlos called his sons who were in Algiers with their father.
Carlos called the orphanage.
Carlos came across as a little sketchy to Melissa.
Carlos came instantly.
Carlos came out of a car stopped nearby.
Carlos came out of his hiding place.
Carlos can cook couscous tonight.
Carlos can cook couscous.
Carlos can only have half a beer.
Carlos can save more lives.
Carlos can't cook couscous.
Carlos cares for his herd dog.
Carlos casually walked over to the front end of the store.
Carlos caught a Smurf.
Carlos caused Rima great pain.
Carlos celebrated his birthday this year with a big party.
Carlos changed his name.
Carlos checked in at the airport.
Carlos checked into his hotel room.
Carlos cheered Rima up.
Carlos claimed his luggage.
Carlos claimed that he wanted to help.
Carlos climbed the mountain.
Carlos closed the seal.
Carlos completed the rest of the quote.
Carlos contemplated his decision.
Carlos continued to cook the couscous.
Carlos continued to go back to that Walmart.
Carlos cooks the couscous.
Carlos could eat that couscous off the floor.
Carlos couldn’t find the baby.
Carlos couldn’t find the kidnapper.
Carlos counted his herd before going to bed.
Carlos crashed into a vehicle.
Carlos cried out for help.
Carlos crossed our property line.
Carlos damaged Rima’s Shawi dress.
Carlos damaged Rima’s right eye.
Carlos decided to be a part of Rima’s family.
Carlos decided to wear a necklace.
Carlos declined the call and kept talking.
Carlos decorated the backyard with colorful lights for the party.
Carlos defeated his opponent with a hammer.
Carlos denied Rima’s claims at first.
Carlos destroyed many lives.
Carlos didn't come out after Melissa.
Carlos didn’t pay any attention to the ladies.
Carlos didn’t stop Rima from playing.
Carlos didn’t think twice.
Carlos didn’t trust the bartender.
Carlos died after a fair bit of struggle.
Carlos died in a bomb explosion.
Carlos died while Rima cried.
Carlos doesn’t have time to explain.
Carlos doesn’t know if he will ever get to meet his father.
Carlos doesn’t want to leave Rima outside.
Carlos doesn’t want to leave Rima.
Carlos drove away on a new adventure.
Carlos drove back to his motel.
Carlos drove towards the place where he got kidnapped.
Carlos ducked down below the window to get out of Melissa's view.
Carlos ducked down below the window.
Carlos engaged in a more sustainable work-life balance.
Carlos enjoyed Rima’s presentation.
Carlos enjoyed his meal.
Carlos enjoys discussing biology with his friends and family.
Carlos enjoys his work as a software engineer.
Carlos entered Rima’s room.
Carlos entered his room.
Carlos entered the car with the baby.
Carlos entered the room and started destroying things.
Carlos even got a date with Rima.
Carlos eventually found the bomb.
Carlos eventually found the picture in an antique store.
Carlos eventually left.
Carlos expressed how happy he was to see Rima.
Carlos fed his herd before dawn.
Carlos feeds his herd dog generously.
Carlos fell asleep during the flight.
Carlos fell unconscious in Rima’s arms.
Carlos felt nauseous from the time jump.
Carlos flew from Rome to Algiers.
Carlos flipped through the channels.
Carlos followed Rima into the basement.
Carlos fought the aliens.
Carlos found Melissa's ball on his lawn.
Carlos found himself all bandaged.
Carlos found his phone under the bed.
Carlos found something interesting to watch.
Carlos gathered his herd before sunset.
Carlos gave Rima a briefcase full of money.
Carlos gave Rima a file containing everything she needed to know about Walid.
Carlos gave Rima a gun.
Carlos gave commands to the herd dog.
Carlos gave the coordinates to Rima’s place.
Carlos genuinely loved Rima.
Carlos got a call from Rima.
Carlos got a new bicycle for his birthday.
Carlos got back onto the main road.
Carlos got captured by Walid and his men.
Carlos got disqualified.
Carlos got dressed for dinner.
Carlos got eaten by an alien centipede.
Carlos got in the taxi.
Carlos got inside, too.
Carlos got kidnapped when he was a little child.
Carlos got off the plane.
Carlos got operated a few more times to become a male.
Carlos got out of the room.
Carlos got pissed.
Carlos got ready.
Carlos got to skip school on his birthday.
Carlos got up and got dressed.
Carlos got up from his place.
Carlos got up to go close the curtain.
Carlos had a sleepover for his birthday.
Carlos had couscous last night.
Carlos had extraordinary skills in physics and mathematics.
Carlos had hopes for John.
Carlos had made it to Algiers by then.
Carlos had to roll over to see Melissa.
Carlos hailed a cab.
Carlos hailed a taxi.
Carlos has a deep appreciation for the intricacies of the natural world, which he expresses through his artwork.
Carlos has a gentle hand.
Carlos has a strong work ethic that makes him an exceptional employee.
Carlos has a talent for unraveling the intricacies of complex mathematical problems.
Carlos has been attending extra classes to prepare for his exam.
Carlos has been building this deck all by himself.
Carlos has been following that girl around the store.
Carlos has been going to bed early to ensure he is well-rested for his exam.
Carlos has been growing more impatient by the day.
Carlos has been injured.
Carlos has been learning how to code for five years.
Carlos has been playing soccer since he was five years old.
Carlos has been playing the piano since he was five years old.
Carlos has been practicing Arabic calligraphy for a year.
Carlos has been practicing his writing skills for the essay portion of the exam.
Carlos has been practicing martial arts for five years.
Carlos has been practicing meditation for five years now.
Carlos has been practicing mindfulness meditation for a year.
Carlos has been preparing for his exam in the library.
Carlos has been reviewing his notes every night to prepare for the exam.
Carlos has been running his own business for five years.
Carlos has been sacrificing his free time to study for the exam.
Carlos has been saving money for years to buy his own house.
Carlos has been staying focused on his studies despite distractions leading up to the exam.
Carlos has been studying Berber for five years now.
Carlos has been studying for his degree for five years.
Carlos has been studying for this exam for weeks.
Carlos has been taking practice exams to help him prepare for the real thing.
Carlos has been taking yoga classes for a year now.
Carlos has been visualizing success on his exam.
Carlos has been volunteering at a homeless shelter for five years.
Carlos has been working at his current job for five years now.
Carlos has been working at the same company for five years.
Carlos has been working on a novel for the past year.
Carlos has escaped from the window.
Carlos has extensive knowledge of that area of Algiers.
Carlos has lost a lot of blood.
Carlos has no ties with anyone.
Carlos has parents.
Carlos has plenty of couscous on his shirt.
Carlos has proven himself to be an asset to the company as an employee.
Carlos has to go out.
Carlos has trained many herd dogs.
Carlos has transferred all his property to his son.
Carlos headed back to the airport.
Carlos headed out the door.
Carlos headed out to a restaurant.
Carlos headed towards Rima’s house.
Carlos heard banging.
Carlos heard the explosion.
Carlos held the baby’s hand.
Carlos helped Rima with her work.
Carlos herds with the dog.
Carlos hid the couscous under the bed.
Carlos hopes to one day contribute to the field of biology through his research.
Carlos hopes to pursue a career in biology after he graduates.
Carlos hopes to score high on his exam.
Carlos hugged an African child suffering from AIDS.
Carlos immediately ran away.
Carlos immediately recognized Rima.
Carlos instructed his men to kill Rima.
Carlos introduced Rima to Walid.
Carlos invited all his friends to the party.
Carlos is Brazilian.
Carlos is Spanish and his wife is German.
Carlos is a bad influence on Melissa.
Carlos is a careful researcher who delves into the intricacies of historical events to understand them better.
Carlos is a compassionate colleague who understands the importance of work-life balance.
Carlos is a conscientious worker who always follows safety protocols.
Carlos is a creative colleague who thinks outside the box.
Carlos is a curious person who enjoys exploring the intricacies of different cultures and traditions.
Carlos is a dedicated colleague who always goes above and beyond.
Carlos is a dependable worker who can be counted on to do his job well.
Carlos is a doctor and he should know that of all people.
Carlos is a friendly colleague who fosters a positive work environment.
Carlos is a hard worker and always puts in 110% effort.
Carlos is a hardworking colleague who never shirks responsibilities.
Carlos is a hardworking employee.
Carlos is a knowledgeable colleague who is always learning and growing.
Carlos is a knowledgeable wine connoisseur who appreciates the intricacies of different varietals.
Carlos is a meticulous editor who doesn't overlook any of the intricacies of grammar and syntax.
Carlos is a meticulous worker who pays attention to the intricacies of every task.
Carlos is a motivated colleague who inspires others to do their best.
Carlos is a musician who loves exploring the intricacies of different genres.
Carlos is a patient colleague who takes the time to explain complex concepts.
Carlos is a patient gardener who understands the intricacies of soil and plant growth.
Carlos is a patient teacher who helps his students understand the intricacies of difficult subjects.
Carlos is a person with no ancestry.
Carlos is a proactive colleague who anticipates potential problems and finds solutions.
Carlos is a punctual colleague who respects others' time.
Carlos is a recruiting officer.
Carlos is a reliable colleague who always meets his deadlines.
Carlos is a reliable team member and a great colleague to have in a crisis.
Carlos is a resourceful colleague who finds ways to get things done efficiently.
Carlos is a respectful colleague who treats everyone equally.
Carlos is a responsible colleague who takes ownership of his work.
Carlos is a salesman and knows how to be subtle.
Carlos is a self-motivated colleague who takes initiative.
Carlos is a skilled chef who understands the intricacies of flavor combinations.
Carlos is a skilled manual worker with years of experience.
Carlos is a skilled mechanic who understands the intricacies of different types of engines and vehicles.
Carlos is a skilled negotiator and my go-to colleague for contract discussions.
Carlos is a skilled photographer who captures the intricacies of light and shadow in his images.
Carlos is a skilled programmer who understands the intricacies of different coding languages.
Carlos is a skilled woodworker who understands the intricacies of different types of wood and tools.
Carlos is a talented artist who pays close attention to the intricacies of color and composition.
Carlos is a talented dancer who understands the intricacies of different styles and techniques.
Carlos is a talented graphic designer and my favorite colleague to work on design projects with.
Carlos is a team player at work.
Carlos is a team player who works well with others.
Carlos is a valuable colleague who contributes a lot to our company's success.
Carlos is a versatile colleague who can adapt to different situations and tasks.
Carlos is a very friendly colleague to work with.
Carlos is always eager to learn new things related to his work.
Carlos is always focused on his work.
Carlos is always willing to help his colleagues.
Carlos is an efficient worker who gets things done quickly.
Carlos is an employee who always conducts himself with professionalism.
Carlos is an employee who always maintains a positive attitude, even in challenging situations.
Carlos is an employee who always seeks out opportunities for professional development.
Carlos is an employee who always sets high standards for himself and his work.
Carlos is an employee who consistently demonstrates a positive attitude.
Carlos is an employee who is always eager to learn and grow.
Carlos is an employee who is always looking for ways to make a difference and have a positive impact.
Carlos is an employee who is always striving to exceed expectations.
Carlos is an employee who is always striving to improve his skills.
Carlos is an employee who is always willing to collaborate and work with others.
Carlos is an employee who is always willing to provide feedback and suggestions.
Carlos is an employee who is always willing to take on new challenges.
Carlos is an employee who is committed to providing excellent customer service.
Carlos is an employee who is constantly exceeding expectations.
Carlos is an employee who is highly reliable and trustworthy.
Carlos is an employee who is highly respected and admired.
Carlos is an employee who is highly respected by his superiors.
Carlos is an employee who is respected by his peers for his knowledge and expertise.
Carlos is an employee who takes great pride in his work.
Carlos is an employee who takes ownership of his work and responsibilities.
Carlos is an employee who truly embodies the company's values.
Carlos is an exemplary employee who always goes above and beyond.
Carlos is an organized colleague who keeps track of details and deadlines.
Carlos is being a pain.
Carlos is committed to continuously improving his work skills.
Carlos is compelled to tell everything about Rima.
Carlos is confident in his ability to do well on the exam.
Carlos is confident in his knowledge of the subject for the exam.
Carlos is constantly amazed by the diversity of life on earth, which biology seeks to explain.
Carlos is cooking couscous again.
Carlos is cooking couscous tomorrow night.
Carlos is cooking couscous.
Carlos is currently conducting research in the field of marine biology.
Carlos is currently studying the biology of infectious diseases.
Carlos is currently studying the biology of marine ecosystems.
Carlos is currently taking a biology course at university.
Carlos is currently working on a new project for his company.
Carlos is currently working on a project that combines biology and engineering.
Carlos is currently working on a research project in the field of molecular biology.
Carlos is eagerly awaiting his exam results.
Carlos is excited about his upcoming birthday party.
Carlos is excited about the new year and all the possibilities it brings.
Carlos is excited about the possibilities offered by synthetic biology.
Carlos is excited about the potential of genetic engineering to revolutionize medicine.
Carlos is excited to start his new job next week and put his skills to work.
Carlos is fascinated by biology and all its intricacies.
Carlos is fascinated by the role of genetics in biology.
Carlos is feeling a sense of relief now that the exam is over.
Carlos is feeling confident after completing a difficult practice exam.
Carlos is feeling nervous about his exam.
Carlos is feeling optimistic about his exam results.
Carlos is feeling proud of himself for completing the exam.
Carlos is feeling the pressure of the upcoming exam.
Carlos is girly.
Carlos is going to celebrate after the exam is over.
Carlos is going to marry Rima.
Carlos is gonna cook couscous tonight.
Carlos is good for you.
Carlos is having lunch with his girlfriend.
Carlos is hoping his hard work will pay off on the exam.
Carlos is hoping to get some rest after the stressful exam.
Carlos is hoping to receive an A on his exam.
Carlos is in the kitchen, cooking couscous.
Carlos is intelligent and creative.
Carlos is intelligent and creative. His books are interesting.
Carlos is interested in the intersection of biology and technology.
Carlos is interested in the role of biology in space exploration.
Carlos is just as scared.
Carlos is known for his efficiency at work.
Carlos is like that, too.
Carlos is looking forward to receiving his exam results.
Carlos is looking forward to the new school year and all the new friends he will make.
Carlos is more Algerian than you think.
Carlos is my colleague at work.
Carlos is not a guest but a thief.
Carlos is one of the most reliable employees we have.
Carlos is passionate about promoting the study of biology in schools and universities.
Carlos is passionate about the role of biology in sustainability and conservation.
Carlos is planning to take a break from studying after the exam is over.
Carlos is preparing a presentation.
Carlos is responsible for managing a team of employees at work.
Carlos is seeing someone behind Rima’s back.
Carlos is staying calm and collected despite the stress of the exam.
Carlos is taking the exam on Thursday.
Carlos is thinking about ways he can improve for the next exam.
Carlos is trying not to worry about his exam results until they are released.
Carlos is using a study schedule to help him stay organized leading up to the exam.
Carlos is using flashcards to help him memorize key concepts for the exam.
Carlos is using study breaks to keep his mind fresh for the exam.
Carlos is wearing his lucky socks to the exam.
Carlos joined Rima shortly.
Carlos jumped from the building.
Carlos jumped from the window and landed on Rima’s car.
Carlos jumped out of his car.
Carlos just got up and walked away.
Carlos keeps changing the place where he's hiding his money.
Carlos kept Rima inside his car.
Carlos kept slowly walking around the store.
Carlos kidnapped the child.
Carlos killed all the centipedes.
Carlos knew every animal in his herd by name.
Carlos knew there wasn’t much time left.
Carlos knows how to make couscous.
Carlos laughed about it.
Carlos laughs in the face of pain.
Carlos leapt at Rima.
Carlos learnt how to make couscous.
Carlos left Rima a recorded message.
Carlos left Rima and never came back.
Carlos left Rima at an orphanage doorstep.
Carlos left Rima with a broken hear.
Carlos left the cafe.
Carlos left the car and went back to the mall.
Carlos left the restaurant.
Carlos left to go back to his hotel.
Carlos left, dejected.
Carlos liked mathematics.
Carlos looked at Melissa as she walked by.
Carlos looked at the bracelet.
Carlos looked at the menu.
Carlos looked away to the opposite direction.
Carlos looked up and noticed a huge spider on the ceiling.
Carlos lost nearly 12 kg as the coronavirus ravaged his body for two weeks, at one point necessitating a harrowing ambulance trip to the hospital.
Carlos lost nearly 12 kg as the coronavirus ravaged his body for two weeks.
Carlos lost the first fight.
Carlos loved the couscous last night.
Carlos loves Melissa's Kabyle accent.
Carlos loves the herd dog.
Carlos lowered his head and went quiet.
Carlos made Rima change her mind.
Carlos made a bracelet for Rima.
Carlos made a time machine.
Carlos made an incredible couscous.
Carlos made more couscous.
Carlos made people sick.
Carlos made some impressive graffiti on the front of a restaurant. Since then the restaurant has been flooded with customers and the owner is delighted.
Carlos made this great couscous.
Carlos managed to get to the bomb.
Carlos managed to kill the centipede.
Carlos mercilessly killed Rima.
Carlos might know a way to stop the spread of the virus.
Carlos misses Melissa's couscous.
Carlos mourned the loss of a beloved animal in his herd.
Carlos moved faster.
Carlos needs to discern reality from fiction.
Carlos needs to look at things from a different angle.
Carlos needs to stay away from Rima.
Carlos never takes out the trash.
Carlos never understood why his parents abandoned him.
Carlos never went back to that Walmart.
Carlos noticed Rima and Walid sitting on a bench.
Carlos noticed Rima approaching his room.
Carlos noticed that Rima was in a hurry.
Carlos offered Rima a chance to join his team.
Carlos offered Rima a chance to kill the man who ruined her life.
Carlos offered Rima money in exchange for information.
Carlos often attends conferences and workshops related to his work.
Carlos often worked long hours at his company, but he loved what he did.
Carlos opened the envelope up and found a letter from Melissa.
Carlos ordered a bottle of wine.
Carlos ordered a drink from the flight attendant.
Carlos ordered an appetizer.
Carlos ordered his men to kill Rima.
Carlos paid the bill.
Carlos passed out in the fight.
Carlos peed on Melissa' bookbag.
Carlos picked up some groceries.
Carlos played music for his herd to soothe them during the storm.
Carlos praised his herd dog.
Carlos prepared Rima for time travel.
Carlos prepared for battle.
Carlos prevented a major crime.
Carlos promised Rima that he would find another job for her.
Carlos put away the groceries.
Carlos put his family in the car and drove to a safe location.
Carlos put on his shoes.
Carlos quickly disappeared.
Carlos quietfully entered the building.
Carlos raised his daughter properly.
Carlos ran into the woods.
Carlos ran towards his daugther.
Carlos received Rima’s gift.
Carlos received a handmade birthday gift from his little sister.
Carlos received a lot of birthday wishes from his friends and family.
Carlos received many presents on his birthday.
Carlos recognized the shoe.
Carlos refused to sign the waiver.
Carlos relates a lot to how Rima feels.
Carlos relied on his herd for meat and dairy products.
Carlos relies on the dog to herd his goats.
Carlos relies on the herd dog's instincts to protect the herd.
Carlos removed the bandages from his face.
Carlos retreated to his man-cave whenever he wanted to get away from Julie.
Carlos revealed Rima his mission.
Carlos revealed he was a writer.
Carlos revealed his mission.
Carlos revealed that Rima cheated during the game.
Carlos rewards his herd dog.
Carlos rushed to the door and opened it before his mother could stop him.
Carlos said it was just a dream.
Carlos said that he saw his father.
Carlos sat alone in front of the Great Mosque of Algiers.
Carlos sat down at the very table next to Melissa.
Carlos sat down to watch TV.
Carlos saved his planet.
Carlos saw Melissa and looked away quick.
Carlos saw Rima in the beginning of the movie.
Carlos says the food he misses most is rice and beans from his favorite restaurant.
Carlos scheduled a live session with his therapist.
Carlos sent Rima his coordinates.
Carlos sent the aliens another message.
Carlos settled down and tried to live a normal life.
Carlos settled in to enjoy the show.
Carlos shared stories about his herd with his grandchildren.
Carlos shouldn’t divert from his mission.
Carlos showed Rima his birth mark.
Carlos showed Rima his glasses.
Carlos showed Rima the shoe.
Carlos signals the herd dog with his hand.
Carlos signed a waiver.
Carlos slapped Rima hard for her carelessness.
Carlos slept beside Rima.
Carlos slept poorly.
Carlos sold a few goats from his herd to pay for his son's education.
Carlos soon returned to Algiers.
Carlos speaks Spanish incorrectly.
Carlos sped away.
Carlos spends most of his free time reading about biology and conducting experiments.
Carlos spent all day preparing for the party.
Carlos spent his holiday on a yacht in Monaco.
Carlos spent the whole night thinking about Rima.
Carlos spotted Rima entering a room.
Carlos sprinted out of the room, yelling.
Carlos started a magazine about confession stories.
Carlos started chatting with Rima.
Carlos started cooking couscous.
Carlos started hating himself.
Carlos started his own company when he was just 24 years old.
Carlos started making fun of Rima.
Carlos started searching for Rima.
Carlos started smashing barrels using a hammer.
Carlos started to step out of the bushes.
Carlos stayed there to take care of Rima.
Carlos still believes that his daughter is alive.
Carlos still has to defeat Rima.
Carlos still wants Rima to find Walid.
Carlos stopped chasing Rima.
Carlos swept the floor and picked up garbage.
Carlos sympathized with Rima.
Carlos takes pride in his work and always pays attention to detail.
Carlos takes pride in his work and always strives for excellence.
Carlos talked about his success.
Carlos talked to aliens.
Carlos talks with a fake Kabyle accent.
Carlos taught Rima how to play that game.
Carlos taught his daughter how to herd the family's herd.
Carlos taught his grandchild how to herd the family's herd.
Carlos threw Rima off the roof.
Carlos told Rima a famous quote.
Carlos told Rima exactly where to find Walid.
Carlos told Rima his past.
Carlos told Rima that the car was a time machine.
Carlos told Rima where to find the bomb.
Carlos told that to the bartender.
Carlos told you he can't cook couscous.
Carlos took Rima back in time.
Carlos took Rima to her mother.
Carlos took Rima to her place.
Carlos took Rima to the agency’s headquarters.
Carlos took Rima to the clinic to recover.
Carlos took Rima to the roof and threw her from there.
Carlos took great pride in the health of his herd.
Carlos took off his shoes and put them in the overhead bin.
Carlos took out a pocket knife.
Carlos took out his headphones.
Carlos took the baby away.
Carlos tore apart that deck.
Carlos touched it.
Carlos touched leprosy patients without wearing gloves.
Carlos toured Algeria and Tunisia.
Carlos tracked Rima’s location with his phone.
Carlos traded a goat from his herd for some grain.
Carlos trained his German Shepherds to help him herd his cattle.
Carlos trained his herd dogs to respond to his commands.
Carlos trained the young herd dog.
Carlos trains the herd dogs.
Carlos traveled back in time.
Carlos tried his best to explain what happened.
Carlos tried to block Rima’s way.
Carlos tried to contact Rima but failed.
Carlos tried to disarm the bomb.
Carlos tried to flee.
Carlos tried to open the door but it was firmly locked.
Carlos tried to stop Rima.
Carlos trusts his herd dog.
Carlos trusts the herd dog with his life.
Carlos turned around and walked out of the crowded restaurant.
Carlos turned around.
Carlos turned in for the night.
Carlos turned into a woman.
Carlos turned over and looked.
Carlos turned round.
Carlos understood Rima’s pain.
Carlos unpacked his suitcase.
Carlos used his herd to barter for a new horse.
Carlos used his time machine to travel back to 1940.
Carlos violated the rules.
Carlos visited Rima and Walid.
Carlos visited Rima in prison.
Carlos visited Rima’s room.
Carlos visited a gangster.
Carlos visited a leprosy hospital in India.
Carlos visited the same park.
Carlos waited a moment.
Carlos walked back to his hotel.
Carlos walked back to one of the main aisles.
Carlos walked out and left the store.
Carlos walked out of the airport.
Carlos walked out right behind Melissa.
Carlos walked straight up to Melissa.
Carlos wanted to be disqualified.
Carlos wanted to come over to Melissa's house.
Carlos wanted to take back control of his life.
Carlos wants to build a deck in the backyard.
Carlos was a middle-aged Latino man.
Carlos was a scared his teenager.
Carlos was abducted by aliens.
Carlos was about to accept Rima’s proposition.
Carlos was about to sign the marriage agreement.
Carlos was always looking for ways to improve his company's performance.
Carlos was always looking for ways to improve his company's products and services.
Carlos was always on the lookout for new talent to join his company.
Carlos was always open to new ideas and suggestions from his company's employees.
Carlos was astounded at the sight of Rima.
Carlos was awaiting the arrival of a customer.
Carlos was awarded "Employee of the Month" for his hard work.
Carlos was circling around Rima.
Carlos was committed to making his company a diverse and inclusive workplace.
Carlos was creating new video games.
Carlos was creeping around the corner slowly.
Carlos was desperately searching for Rima.
Carlos was determined to make his company a force for good in the world.
Carlos was determined to make his company a leader in the industry.
Carlos was determined to stop Rima.
Carlos was done checking out and walked towards the exit door.
Carlos was eagerly listening.
Carlos was easily able to run away.
Carlos was eating couscous in the bathroom.
Carlos was excited to announce that his company had expanded into international markets.
Carlos was excited to attend the party tonight.
Carlos was going through the park.
Carlos was going up an escalator.
Carlos was grateful for all the birthday presents he received.
Carlos was grateful for the talented employees he had at his company.
Carlos was happy to see the positive impact his company was having on the world.
Carlos was heavily disappointed.
Carlos was hesitant.
Carlos was hiding in the store alone with Melissa as she was working.
Carlos was hurting, too.
Carlos was impressed by Rima.
Carlos was impressed by Rima’s answer.
Carlos was in so much pain.
Carlos was inside a room.
Carlos was joking around and laughing.
Carlos was linked to Melissa romantically.
Carlos was living a largely separate life from his wife.
Carlos was lonely and he needed a pet, so he bought a German Shepherd.
Carlos was narrating the story.
Carlos was outside, in the garden.
Carlos was overwhelmed to find Rima’s gift.
Carlos was peacefully sleeping on the couch.
Carlos was physically strong.
Carlos was promoted to a higher position at work.
Carlos was proud of the company's efforts to reduce its carbon footprint.
Carlos was proud of the success his company had achieved in just a few short years.
Carlos was proud to be the CEO of such a successful company.
Carlos was quite gifted.
Carlos was ready to begin his new life.
Carlos was ready to deliver.
Carlos was ready to offer Rima more money.
Carlos was rejected.
Carlos was running for Melissa.
Carlos was searching for his phone.
Carlos was seemingly insane.
Carlos was served some breakfast by Rima.
Carlos was shocked to hear that from Rima.
Carlos was shot dead in front of Rima.
Carlos was sleeping on his side.
Carlos was so passionate about the Berber language.
Carlos was sort of creeping Melissa out.
Carlos was still worried about that.
Carlos was stopped by the staff.
Carlos was stuck inside the basement.
Carlos was surprised to see R written on every item inside the room.
Carlos was surprised to see Rima.
Carlos was taken aback on hearing Rima’s name.
Carlos was taking away Rima forcefully.
Carlos was the one who kidnapped Rima.
Carlos was trying to have fun at the ball.
Carlos was trying to make up his mind.
Carlos was tying the bouquet garni.
Carlos was using prototype weapons.
Carlos was waiting for a girl.
Carlos was waiting for someone.
Carlos was waiting outside on a motorbike.
Carlos was walking home from work.
Carlos was watching a Korean soap opera just to keep Melissa from watching her show.
Carlos was working in a sunflower field.
Carlos wasn't running away from anything.
Carlos wasn’t able to stop the bomber.
Carlos watched Melissa get into a white Ford Focus.
Carlos watched Melissa walk through the park.
Carlos watched Rima die in a live stream.
Carlos watched his friends die.
Carlos welcomed Melissa to the neighborhood.
Carlos went after Rima.
Carlos went away and came back with the book.
Carlos went back there anyways.
Carlos went inside a shoe store.
Carlos went out for a walk.
Carlos went through customs.
Carlos whistled for the herd dog.
Carlos will cook the couscous.
Carlos will go to São Paulo on Wednesday.
Carlos will never come.
Carlos woke up early to tend to his herd.
Carlos woke up early.
Carlos woke up in a hospital.
Carlos woke up the next morning.
Carlos woke up to a noise.
Carlos woke up when the plane landed.
Carlos wondered how Rima got over there so fast.
Carlos worked overtime to complete the project on time.
Carlos works diligently to meet the company's targets.
Carlos works long hours to ensure his projects are successful.
Carlos works well under pressure.
Carlos writes stories for newspapers to make a living.
Carlos wrote the story under a penname.
Carlos's German Shepherd was his constant companion.
Carlos's German Shepherd was running around at the party.
Carlos's affair was with Melissa.
Carlos's birthday cake had his name written in frosting.
Carlos's birthday cake was decorated with his favorite cartoon character, Tayo.
Carlos's birthday celebration lasted all day.
Carlos's birthday is on April 4th.
Carlos's birthday party had a balloon artist.
Carlos's birthday party had a bounce house.
Carlos's birthday party had a magician.
Carlos's birthday party had a photo booth.
Carlos's birthday party had a piñata.
Carlos's birthday party was a blast.
Carlos's birthday party was held at the park.
Carlos's birthday party was themed after his favorite superhero, Ironman.
Carlos's birthday was celebrated with a family barbecue.
Carlos's birthday was celebrated with a game of laser tag.
Carlos's birthday was celebrated with a game of mini-golf.
Carlos's birthday was celebrated with a visit to a museum.
Carlos's birthday wish was to go to Disneyland.
Carlos's boss praised him for his excellent work on the project.
Carlos's classmates are also taking the same exam.
Carlos's classmates are discussing the difficulty of the exam.
Carlos's colleagues appreciate his contributions to their work.
Carlos's company had a clear vision for the future.
Carlos's company had a great reputation for quality and innovation.
Carlos's company had a reputation for being a great place to work.
Carlos's company had a reputation for treating its employees well.
Carlos's company had a strict code of ethics that all employees were expected to follow.
Carlos's company had a strong sense of purpose and direction.
Carlos's company had a team of talented designers who were responsible for creating its products.
Carlos's company had received numerous awards for its contributions to environmental sustainability.
Carlos's couscous is delicious.
Carlos's coworkers often turn to him for advice on how to improve their work performance.
Carlos's coworkers respect him for his dedication to his work.
Carlos's dad bought him a new video game for his birthday.
Carlos's dedication to his work is admirable.
Carlos's exam covered both theory and practical applications.
Carlos's exam is going to be multiple-choice and short answer.
Carlos's exam is worth a significant portion of his grade.
Carlos's exam was a major milestone in his academic career.
Carlos's exam was harder than he expected.
Carlos's exam will be graded on a curve.
Carlos's exam will cover a wide range of topics.
Carlos's exam will determine whether he passes or fails the class.
Carlos's favorite gift on his birthday was a remote control car.
Carlos's friends brought gifts to the party.
Carlos's friends danced all night at the party.
Carlos's friends gave him a surprise gift at the party.
Carlos's friends had a scavenger hunt at the party.
Carlos's friends had a water balloon fight at the party.
Carlos's friends have been wishing him good luck on the exam.
Carlos's friends made him a birthday video.
Carlos's friends played board games at his birthday party.
Carlos's friends played board games at the party.
Carlos's friends played cards at the party.
Carlos's friends played musical chairs at his birthday party.
Carlos's friends played pin the tail on the donkey at his birthday party.
Carlos's friends sang "Happy Birthday" to him.
Carlos's friends sang karaoke at the party.
Carlos's friends took lots of photos at the party.
Carlos's friends took turns hitting a piñata at his birthday party.
Carlos's friends watched a movie together at the party.
Carlos's girlfriend made a toast at the party.
Carlos's girlfriend received a surprise birthday cake at the party.
Carlos's girlfriend was thrilled with the party.
Carlos's girlfriend wore a beautiful dress to the party.
Carlos's grandparents came to his birthday party.
Carlos's grandparents gave him a birthday card with money inside.
Carlos's herd dog barks loudly.
Carlos's herd dog chases predators.
Carlos's herd dog guides goats.
Carlos's herd dog helps him every day.
Carlos's herd dog is always alert.
Carlos's herd dog is brave.
Carlos's herd dog is smart.
Carlos's herd dog is well-trained.
Carlos's herd dog keeps the flock safe.
Carlos's herd dog protects the goats.
Carlos's herd dog stays vigilant.
Carlos's herd dog works hard.
Carlos's herd provided an opportunity for him to travel around the country.
Carlos's herd provided companionship in his solitude.
Carlos's herd provided him a sense of purpose in his life.
Carlos's herd provided wool for clothing.
Carlos's herd was a mix of different breeds.
Carlos's herd was a part of his identity.
Carlos's herd was a reminder of the beauty of the countryside.
Carlos's herd was a sight to behold.
Carlos's herd was a source of hope for a better future.
Carlos's herd was a source of inspiration for his artwork.
Carlos's herd was a source of inspiration for his poetry.
Carlos's herd was a source of joy and happiness.
Carlos's herd was a source of spiritual strength.
Carlos's herd was a symbol of his independence.
Carlos's herd was a symbol of his strength and resilience.
Carlos's herd was a testament to his hard work and dedication.
Carlos's herd was a valuable asset.
Carlos's herd was known for its strong bucks.
Carlos's herd was the backbone of his community.
Carlos's job as a delivery worker requires him to be on the road for long hours.
Carlos's mom baked him a delicious birthday cake.
Carlos's mom decorated the house with balloons for his birthday.
Carlos's mom made him his favorite meal for his birthday dinner.
Carlos's mom made him pancakes for breakfast on his birthday.
Carlos's new neighbors are lesbians.
Carlos's parents are proud of how hard he has been studying for his exam.
Carlos's parents grilled burgers and hot dogs for the party.
Carlos's parents had a slideshow of Carlos's childhood photos at the party.
Carlos's parents helped him organize the party.
Carlos's parents hired a face painter for his birthday party.
Carlos's parents made homemade pizzas for the party.
Carlos's parents organized a treasure hunt for his birthday party.
Carlos's parents rented a bounce house for the party.
Carlos's parents served homemade lemonade at the party.
Carlos's parents surprised him with a trip to the beach for his birthday.
Carlos's parents surprised him with a trip to the zoo for his birthday.
Carlos's parents threw him a surprise birthday party.
Carlos's parents took him out to dinner for his birthday.
Carlos's parents took him to an amusement park for his birthday.
Carlos's parents took him to see a movie on his birthday.
Carlos's party was a huge success.
Carlos's sister baked a cake for the party.
Carlos's sister made him a birthday card.
Carlos's study group has been helping him prepare for the exam.
Carlos's teacher has given him helpful study materials for the exam.
Carlos's unhappy marriage was kept lowkey.
Carlos's work as a customer service representative requires him to be friendly and helpful to customers.
Carlos's work as a healthcare worker requires him to have a caring and compassionate attitude.
Carlos's work as a journalist requires him to have strong writing skills.
Carlos's work as a musician requires him to have talent and a passion for music.
Carlos's work as a nurse requires him to have strong communication and interpersonal skills.
Carlos's work as a researcher requires him to have strong analytical skills.
Carlos's work as a social worker requires him to have empathy and compassion for those in need.
Carlos's work as a software developer requires him to have strong technical skills.
Carlos's work as a teacher's assistant requires him to be patient and understanding with students.
Carlos's work as a translator requires him to be fluent in multiple languages.
Carlos's work as an artist requires him to have creativity and imagination.
Carlos's work ethic is an inspiration to his colleagues.
Carlos's work ethic is impressive.
Carlos's work has allowed him to travel to many different countries.
Carlos's work has been a significant factor in his career success.
Carlos's work has been featured in industry publications.
Carlos's work has contributed to the advancement of the software engineering field.
Carlos's work has earned him several awards and accolades.
Carlos's work has had a positive impact on the lives of his clients.
Carlos's work has helped him develop strong problem-solving skills.
Carlos's work has helped his company increase revenue and profits.
Carlos's work has helped his company stay ahead of the competition.
Carlos's work has inspired many aspiring software engineers.
Carlos's work involves developing software for a variety of clients.
Carlos's work involves troubleshooting complex technical issues.
Carlos's work is always completed on time.
Carlos's work is an excellent example of dedication and passion.
Carlos's work is challenging but rewarding.
Carlos's work is essential to the success of his company.
Carlos's work is highly respected in his industry.
Carlos's work is highly specialized and requires a high level of expertise.
Carlos's work is highly valued by his clients.
Carlos's work is often the subject of peer review and critique.
Carlos's work often involves collaborating with other departments.
Carlos's work often involves working with cross-functional teams.
Carlos's work often requires him to travel internationally.
Carlos's work requires a high level of attention to detail.
Carlos's work requires him to be creative and innovative.
Carlos's work requires him to be familiar with the latest technologies and trends.
Carlos's work requires him to be proficient in various programming languages.
Carlos’s face has fully recovered.
Carlos’s face was completely burnt.
Carlos’s face was completely damaged.
Carlos’s face was reconstructed.
Carlos’s father will return to him.
Carlos’s wife was in labor under the supervision of some midwives.
Carlsbad Caverns National Park contains more than 100 caves below the surface of the desert.
Carmela possesses a typical Maltese beauty that is truly captivating.
Carmela's beauty transcends physical appearance, embodying the resilience and spirit of the Maltese people.
Carmela's captivating charm and warm personality are quintessentially Maltese.
Carmela's classic Maltese beauty captures the essence of the island's rich cultural heritage and similarities to North Africa.
Carmela's expressive eyebrows, a characteristic of many Maltese women, frame her face beautifully.
Carmela's high cheekbones accentuate her facial structure, enhancing her natural beauty.
Carmela's petite and graceful stature exemplifies the elegance found in Maltese women.
Carmela's subtle, natural makeup enhances her features, allowing her inner Maltese beauty to shine through.
Carmen Sandiego is infamous for her capers.
Carmen Sandiego is infamous for running capers.
Carmen comes from a country in South America.
Carmen doesn't know Saul, but he's a friend of a friend of Carmen.
Carmen has already learned to crawl.
Carmen is a Mexican citizen.
Carmen is a Spanish name.
Carmen only bakes the bosses' favourite cake to toady up to him.
Carmine is a deep red food coloring obtained from an insect called the cochineal.
Carmine is my favourite colour.
Carmine red is my favourite colour.
Carmine's my favourite colour.
Carnegie Hall in New York City is one of the most famous places for the performance of classical music. All of the world’s best musicians have played there. In nineteen-sixty, there were plans to tear down Carnegie Hall and build a tall office building in its place. Mister Stern organized a committee of citizens, politicians and artists to oppose the plan. He successfully led the effort to save Carnegie Hall. Then he became president of the newly-established Carnegie Hall Corporation. He held that office for forty years. In recent years, he gave a series of classes for young musicians at Carnegie Hall.
Carnival is quite a spectacle.
Carnivores are at the top of the food chain. Plankton are near the bottom.
Carnivorous flowers exist.
Carnot machines work according to cycles of compression and expansion.
Carol Wick and her husband own a small slice of the American dream, 12 hectares at the edge of the Cascade foothills, southeast of Seattle, Washington. A short walk from her doorstop, past some pastures and a dilapidated barn, is the fir and cedar forest that covers about one-third of her property.
Carol and Jane must have forgotten it at the office.
Carol and her wife Rita are both professional cricketers.
Carol couldn't choke back her tears.
Carol couldn’t choke back her tears.
Carol gets up early every morning.
Carol has a headache.
Carol has a nose for the best Thai cooking anywhere in town.
Carol has been studying Spanish for three years.
Carol has just returned to her hotel.
Carol is an entitled, self-righteous person who thinks she's morally superior to everyone else and deserves special treatment.
Carol is driving a rent-a-car.
Carol is studying Spanish.
Carol lives in Chicago.
Carol often watches horror films.
Carol often watches horror movies.
Carol refused; in other words her answer was "no."
Carol returned to her hotel.
Carol studies very hard. So does Henry.
Carol visited Boston last month.
Carol will have left for London by eight tomorrow.
Carol will visit Miami next month.
Carol's dress is long.
Carolan wanted to learn how the organisms did that. So he studied the liver proteins of the two genetically-different mice. He and his team found that the liver cells of resistant mice had more copies of a protein than the mice that were more likely to be infected. The proteins create a chemical which the researchers believe could be toxic to the parasitic cells. But they are not sure.
Carole & Tuesday is a fascinating Japanese anime about two teenage girls living in a Martian colony. They want to become great musicians.
Carole & Tuesday is an interesting Japanese anime about two girl musicians who want to make it big on Mars.
Carole has been studying Spanish for three years.
Carole is driving a rental car.
Carolina is sad because she cannot conceive.
Caroline Herschel lived to be 98 years of age.
Caroline Herschel was a singer, mathematician and astronomer.
Caroline Herschel was born in Germany in 1750. She was one of six children.
Caroline Herschel was the first woman to discover a comet.
Caroline became a well known soprano and began to sing professionally.
Caroline became her brother's housekeeper.
Caroline began to help her brother in the manufacture of telescopes and to share his passion for astronomy.
Caroline hasn't sat next to Charles for more than a year.
Caroline knows better than to spend all her money on clothes.
Caroline's mother did not see the need for a girl to become educated.
Carol’s dress is long.
Carotenoids present in egg yolk have been demonstrated to be highly bioavailable, which makes eggs an interesting carrier of these biologically active pigments.
Carp is my favorite fish.
Carp, sharks, salmon, cod and tuna are fish.
Carpal tunnel syndrome is a disorder caused by disturbances in nerve function (neuropathy), leading to pain and numbness or tingling (paresthesia) primarily in the wrist and hand.
Carpe diem. Seize the day.
Carpenter bees are solitary.
Carpenters cut wood.
Carpenters make good money these days.
Carpenters make good money.
Carpentry and bricklaying are examples of manual labor.
Carpetmakers Fatillo Kendjeav and his family, in Bukhara, Uzbekistan, extract a variety of red shades from madder roots.
Carpets have the effect of a dust pocket, with merit of sucking up dust and stopping it flying around, but you can say that effect backfires.
Carranza rejected the offer.
Carrefour's Ham offcuts are not expensive at all, but are nonetheless delicious.
Carrefour’s Ham offcuts are not expensive at all, but are nonetheless delicious.
Carriage and conduct reveal more than the face.
Carriages gradually disappeared with the advent of the motorcar.
Carrie Bates, known then by her maiden name Steinseifer, won three swimming gold medals at the 1984 Olympic Games in Los Angeles.
Carrie Brady grew up in a devout Catholic family in the Midwest.
Carrie Morrill of the National Climatic Data Center explains, "You'd have to go back to the last interglacial about 125,000 years ago to find temperatures significantly higher than temperatures of today."
Carrie Sloane dared Ruby Gillis to climb to a certain point in the huge old willow tree before the front doo.
Carrie carries me.
Carrie doesn't care.
Carrie has been in an on-again, off-again relationship with a wealthy executive they nickname "Mr. Big;" but none of the friends expects the announcement she makes at one of their regular dinners.
Carrie was 40 and single when she decided to adopt a baby.
Carried through many nations and seas, I have come to these miserable funeral rites, brother.
Carrot cake is Tom's favorite.
Carrot or banana?
Carrots add color to my meals.
Carrots and turnips are edible roots.
Carrots are cheap!
Carrots are crisp and sweet; they can be eaten raw as well as cooked.
Carrots are even worse than onions.
Carrots are good for the eyes. Have you ever seen a rabbit with glasses on?
Carrots are good for the eyesight.
Carrots are good for your eyes.
Carrots are good for your eyes. Have you ever seen a rabbit wearing glasses?
Carrots are good for your eyesight.
Carrots are my favorite snack.
Carrots are rich in vitamin A.
Carrots are vegetables.
Carrots can be eaten raw or cooked.
Carrots contain a lot of vitamin A.
Carrots cost three dollars.
Carrots grow extremely well here.
Carrots taste great in salads.
Carrots, onions, potatoes, beef... what else do you want to put in?
Carry Tom into the house.
Carry all the chairs to the terrace.
Carry all your things with you.
Carry bear spray and have it accessible on your body — not in your pack or pannier. Bring your own or rent from the Alaska Geographic Book Store near the Denali Visitor Center. You can also buy bear spray in the Nenana River Canyon commercial area.
Carry her to the operating room.
Carry it.
Carry me.
Carry on reading, please.
Carry on with your business.
Carry on with your plan.
Carry on with your work.
Carry on working while I am away.
Carry on working while I'm away.
Carry on, Ziri.
Carry one of the kids.
Carry out my orders!
Carry out tasks in accordance.
Carry out the task as well as you can.
Carry the bags upstairs.
Carry the bottle without breaking it.
Carry the box together.
Carry the injured to the hospital.
Carry the table out, please.
Carry the table outside, please.
Carry these books back to the bookshelf.
Carry these tangerines to Igoufaf.
Carry this for me.
Carry this in your purse.
Carry this over there.
Carry this.
Carry your drinking water in a reusable bottle. Plastic water bottles are an environmental disaster!
Carry your head high.
Carry yourself with professionalism at work.
Carry-on bags are essential for traveling.
Carrying out the plan was easy.
Carrying tests on animals is cruel and unethical.
Carrying their goods in twin baskets suspended from shoulder poles, or on the backs of bicycles, they sell everything from dragonfruit and sticky rice to whisk brooms and plastic buckets.
Carrying wet wipes around with you is helpful in more than one way.
Carrà doesn't get her irony.
Carrà doesn't get his irony.
Carrà promotes the band.
Carrà uses linking expressions.
Cars are a popular mode of transportation for many people around the world.
Cars are already parked like that on the sidewalk.
Cars are available to everybody.
Cars are equipped with anti-pollution filters.
Cars are equipped with emission-control filters.
Cars are expensive but useful.
Cars are expensive.
Cars are factory products, while foods are farm products.
Cars are getting expensive.
Cars are indispensable to suburban life.
Cars are made in factories.
Cars are necessary.
Cars are not allowed to drive onto the curb.
Cars are now available in a wide range of prices.
Cars are running one after another before our eyes.
Cars are status symbols.
Cars are unavoidable for suburban life.
Cars arrived there one after another.
Cars built nowadays are different from the ones built in the 70's.
Cars drive to the left in Japan.
Cars go through the tunnel.
Cars have become expensive in Algeria.
Cars have four wheels.
Cars honked at Boldi and rushed past.
Cars in Boston and factories in Beijing are melting the ice caps in the Arctic, shrinking coastlines in the Atlantic, and bringing drought to farms from Kansas to Kenya.
Cars keep to the left in Japan.
Cars made in Japan are used all over the world.
Cars make people even more stupid.
Cars must stop for pedestrians who are on a zebra crossing.
Cars parked illegally on this street will be impounded.
Cars pollute a lot.
Cars repressed cycles.
Cars running on natural gas pollute the air less than cars running on petrol.
Cars that, when new, cost 3,000,000 yen are apparently now worth 300,000, so I think I'll use mine a little longer.
Cars that, when new, cost 3,000,000 yen are apparently now worth 300,000, so I think I’ll use mine a little longer.
Cars today are amazing.
Cars took the place of bicycles.
Cars were behind Yanni.
Cars were rushing past at break-neck speed.
Cars with AWD stand out on slippery and wet surfaces.
Cars with heat engines contaminate a lot.
Cars, bikes, aeroplanes, boats and trains are all means of transport.
Cars, bikes, aeroplanes, boats, trains — these are all modes of transport.
Cars, buses, and trucks are all vehicles.
Carter was re-nominated.
Carthage must be destroyed.
Carthage was built by Dido.
Carthage was destroyed by the Romans.
Carthage was not built up in one day.
Carthago was destroyed by the Romans.
Cartier Island, a former bombing range, became a marine reserve in 2000.
Cartographers spent decades surveying back in the day.
Cartography is another word for mapmaking.
Cartoon Network is shit.
Cartoon characters oftentimes have less than five fingers.
Cartoonist Walt Kelly created a special Earth Day poster.
Cartwheels are a lot of fun.
Carve it so that the tip will jut out from the wall.
Caryatids are sculpted female figures that serve as columns.
Carys is going shopping for "gafas de sol"; the Spanish phrase for glasses which protect the eyes from the sun's glare.
Carys makes apple cider with her family every fall.
Case closed!
Case closed.
Case solved!
Cases in Britain topped 50,000 per day last week for the first time since January.
Cases like this really do matter.
Cases of Covid-19 in Britain have risen sharply in recent days.
Cases of this nature are decreasing.
Cases usually do not go to trial.
Casey lives in Tver.
Cash donations will be accepted.
Cash is better.
Cash is getting short.
Cash leaves no trace.
Cash means freedom.
Cash or charge?
Cash or check?
Cash or credit card?
Cash requirements for financing activities consist primarily of long-term debt repayments, interest payments and dividend payments to shareholders.
Cash this paycheck at the bank.
Cashew nut
Cashflow is the most important aspect of keeping a business financially afloat.
Cashless transactions are convenient, but we still need traditional payment methods in order to serve the unbanked.
Cashmere wool comes from Cashmere goats.
Casinos treat high rollers like kings.
Cassandrax was from a fringe sector of the galaxy, as her accent of Galactique revealed.
Cassava can be toxic.
Cassava is a drought-tolerant crop and consequently a major staple food for millions of people.
Cassette tapes seem to have given way to compact disks in popularity.
Cassidy and fellow astronaut Bob Behnken have conducted the first of at least four spacewalks to replace the last in series of old nickel-hydrogen batteries with new, more efficient lithium-ion batteries.
Cassidy is a U.S. Navy SEAL and Captain.
Cassidy was relieved when the police officer waved her on after only a cursory glance into her back seat.
Cassini first confirmed the presence of liquid ethane in a lake called Ontario Lacus, in Titan’s southern hemisphere, during its 2008 flyby of the Saturnian moon.
Cassini's atmospheric sensing instruments have revealed other carbon compounds, too, such as benzene and acetylene.
Cassy loves princess stories.
Cast iron is an alloy of iron and carbon.
Cast iron is quite heavy.
Cast not pearls before swine.
Cast out the devil, fool!
Cast pearls before swine.
Cast the ashes toward a flowing stream.
Cast your eye over this, please.
Cast your eyes over here.
Cast your vote for me!
Castella is a Portuguese-derived sponge cake popular in Japan.
Castille is full of castles.
Castillian speakers renamed their language "Spanish" and declared all the other languages in Spain "dialects."
Castle observed and studied the phenomenon of self-sterility in an Ascidian, Ciona intestinalis, which is hermaphroditic.
Castles were often built on hills for better defensibility.
Castling in chess is done in such a way that first the king moves two squares towards the rook participating in the move, then the rook jumps to the square next to the king. The admissibility of this only double move in chess is subject to certain conditions.
Castling is a special move in chess whereby a rook is transferred to the square crossed by the king.
Castling is a special move in chess whereby the king moves two squares to the left or right, and in the same move, the rook on that side is placed on the first square crossed by the king. There are several conditions for castling to take place.
Castor and Pollux were twin brothers.
Castries is the capital of Saint Lucia.
Casual speech is fine.
Casualties are expected.
Casualties are said to total up to 1,000.
Casualties were inevitable.
Casualties were reported.
Cat Stevens is not a cat. He's a singer.
Cat allergy sufferers usually rely on antihistamines, which have side effects such as drowsiness.
Cat cafés are cafes where there are cats. You can watch them or play with them.
Cat cafés are popular in Japan.
Cat cafés have started opening up all over the world.
Cat communication is subtle.
Cat eats bread.
Cat got your tongue?
Cat got your tongue? Why don't you answer?
Cat got your tongue? Why won't you answer?
Cat hair everywhere!
Cat hair everywhere.
Cat is masculine in Berber and feminine in German.
Cat poop can give you toxoplasmosis.
Cat tongues feel funny.
Cat-eared characters are cute!
Catalan is more closely related to Occitan than to Spanish.
Catalan is spoken in Andorra.
Catalan isn't a dialect of Castillian.
Catalina is from Argentina. She is Argentinian.
Catalogue companies like Sears sold mail order house kits, making home ownership achievable even during the Depression.
Catalonia is a small nation in comparison with some others.
Catalonia is called "Catalunya" in Catalan.
Catalonia is not Spain.
Catalonia wants to vote on its independence from Spain.
Catalonia, in the northeast of Spain, is one of the country's most prosperous regions.
Catalonia, in the northeast of Spain, is one of the most prosperous regions in the country.
Catalysts can speed up a chemical reaction without being consumed in the catalyzed reaction.
Catalysts make chemical reactions possible at low temperatures.
Catastrophic thinking is easy. It's optimistic thinking that's the real challenge.
Catch Me If You Can is based on the true story of Frank Abagnale who, as a teenager, led authorities on a merry chase as he impersonated professionals from airline pilot to doctor and lawyer. Tom Hanks plays the FBI agent on his trail; Leonardo DiCaprio stars as Abagnale and says he appreciates audience and critical reaction to his work.
Catch Tom if you can.
Catch Tom.
Catch a bus.
Catch a signal.
Catch as catch can.
Catch her!
Catch her! Catch her!
Catch her.
Catch him!
Catch him! Catch him!
Catch him, or he'll get away!
Catch him.
Catch it and bring it to Darwin.
Catch it!
Catch it, this dude's girl-happy.
Catch it, this dude’s girl-happy.
Catch me if you can!
Catch me if you can.
Catch me.
Catch that duck and bring it here.
Catch that person.
Catch the ball!
Catch the ball.
Catch the bus.
Catch the rope!
Catch the thief!
Catch them if you can.
Catch them!
Catch them.
Catch this.
Catch up with you later.
Catch up!
Catch up.
Catch us before they catch us.
Catch us if you can.
Catch you guys later.
Catch you later, Tom.
Catch you later.
Catch your breath.
Catch!
Catching Algeria's escaped corrupt officials should be an absolute priority.
Catching Tom won't be easy.
Catching bugs can be a fun activity for children.
Catching cancer early increases survival odds.
Catching the chicken was difficult for Tom.
Catching the chicken was difficult.
Category 3 hurricanes are considered capable of causing devastating damage to populated areas.
Category 5 hurricanes are the worst.
Caterpillars are a danger to dogs because they're very toxic to your four-legged friends.
Caterpillars are butterfly larvae.
Caterpillars are munching machines.
Caterpillars ate the tree's leaves.
Caterpillars eat 24/7.
Caterpillars have leaf-munching jaws.
Caterpillars never stop eating.
Caterpillars transform into butterflies while they're in a cocoon.
Caterpillars use toxins to ward off would-be attackers.
Caterpillars were eating the tree's leaves.
Catfish are still biting.
Catfish have no scales.
Catherine Chabaud was the first woman to travel solo around the world by boat.
Catherine Mutua has always used charcoal and gas to cook for her young family.
Catherine had an ulterior motive when she urged her father to buy a new car. She hoped that she'd be able to drive it herself.
Catherine had an ulterior motive when she urged her father to buy a new car. She hoped that she’d be able to drive it herself.
Catherine had been brought up in a school of feeling which bade love be very scrupulous, very delicate, and which recognised in the strongest way the right of every human soul to its own privacy, its own reserves.
Catherine has small bones, so she will not have problems with wisdom teeth.
Catherine is constantly talking in memes.
Catherine is speaking in memes all the time.
Catherine stayed indoors because it was raining.
Catherine wanted to go to the shopping center.
Catherine was born in 1985.
Catherine, or Cath for short.
Cathode rays are beams of electrons.
Cathode rays carry a negative electric charge.
Catholic Church groups have opened centers for evacuees and offered extra help for 3,000 people who need food or water.
Catholic leaders urge all of us to unite in the church.
Catholic priests are raping girls, too, not just boys.
Catholic priests don't marry.
Catholic priests practice celibacy.
Catholic priests used to keep the tops of their heads shaved.
Catholicism is just one of many thousands of religions out there, and deserves no special place among them.
Catholicism repudiates the idea of reincarnation.
Catholics are against birth control.
Catholics are almost all like that.
Catholics could not openly observe their religion.
Catholics should get their own house in order before condemning queer people for far less.
Cathy can speak French and German.
Cathy devoted herself to her sick mother.
Cathy had her hat blown away.
Cathy has a hot temper.
Cathy has a temper.
Cathy is a fake goth.
Cathy is coming to see our baby tonight.
Cathy seems to like music.
Cathy stamped her feet on the icy pavement, trying to warm herself up.
Cathy stopped picking flowers.
Cathy's in a funny mood today. I can just tell.
Cathy's in a funny mood today; I can just tell.
Cathy's voice is clearly distinguishable from those of other girls.
Cathy, please stay out of my way for a while.
Catie’s family is coming to Brazil tomorrow.
Catnip is not harmful for kittens.
Cato preferred to be a good man rather than seem like it.
Cats almost always land on their feet.
Cats also purr when they're dying.
Cats also purr when they're injured.
Cats also purr when they're scared.
Cats also purr when they're severely injured.
Cats always groom themselves.
Cats always land on their feet.
Cats always need to feel like they have the choice to stop an interaction.
Cats always need to have a choice.
Cats ambush their prey.
Cats and dogs are afraid of Tom.
Cats and dogs are animals.
Cats and dogs are carnivorans.
Cats and dogs yawn for different reasons.
Cats and foxes are one of the main reasons Australia has the worst mammal extinction rate in the world.
Cats and mice are natural enemies.
Cats arch their backs.
Cats are able to locate prey at close range by sound alone.
Cats are active at night.
Cats are adorable.
Cats are afraid of dogs.
Cats are afraid of water.
Cats are agile.
Cats are aloof, guinea pigs are nervous, and dogs need constant love and attention.
Cats are amazing hunters.
Cats are amazing.
Cats are an invasive species in the Americas.
Cats are animals.
Cats are astounding hunters.
Cats are astounding predators.
Cats are baby-sized.
Cats are brats.
Cats are capricious.
Cats are clean animals.
Cats are complex individuals.
Cats are cool.
Cats are creatures of habit.
Cats are curious creatures by nature.
Cats are cute.
Cats are delightful.
Cats are dogs with college educations.
Cats are dogs with university educations.
Cats are domestic animals.
Cats are excellent hunters.
Cats are fickle creatures.
Cats are finicky.
Cats are funny.
Cats are generally smaller than dogs.
Cats are good pets, as they are clean and are not noisy.
Cats are graceful and noble animals.
Cats are great.
Cats are highly tactile.
Cats are hilariously rude.
Cats are individuals.
Cats are instinctively dumb.
Cats are introverts and dogs are extraverts.
Cats are like girls. If they talk to you it's great, but if you try to talk to them, it doesn't go so well.
Cats are like girls. If they talk to you it’s great, but if you try to talk to them, it doesn’t go so well.
Cats are magic.
Cats are mammals that live with humans.
Cats are more interested in playing with objects than your hands.
Cats are multidimensional beings.
Cats are my favorite animal.
Cats are natural hunters.
Cats are natural-born hunters.
Cats are naturally inclined to cover their poop.
Cats are naturally inclined to cover their waste.
Cats are nocturnal animals.
Cats are nocturnal creatures.
Cats are non-Newtonian fluids.
Cats are not apex predators.
Cats are not as dangerous as tigers.
Cats are not human.
Cats are often run over by moving vehicles.
Cats are often said to hold grudges, but they don't stay angry long in my experience.
Cats are people.
Cats are persistent.
Cats are pets.
Cats are photogenic.
Cats are related to tigers.
Cats are silly.
Cats are sincere.
Cats are smaller than dogs.
Cats are smart.
Cats are smarter than you think.
Cats are snugglers.
Cats are so cute.
Cats are so pure.
Cats are so social.
Cats are so sweet.
Cats are social animals.
Cats are social sleepers.
Cats are solitary hunters, but often live communally.
Cats are still outdoor animals.
Cats are such sweethearts.
Cats are supreme hunters.
Cats are sweethearts half the time and demons the other half.
Cats are territorial.
Cats are the bridges between dimensions.
Cats are the bridges between realities.
Cats are the bridges between universes.
Cats are the mascot of the Internet.
Cats are the top threat to wildlife. They already are responsible for the global extinction of thirty three species and kill billions of wild birds and mammals each year.
Cats are too good for this world.
Cats are too much sometimes.
Cats are usually smaller than dogs.
Cats are very affectionate to people who respect their boundaries.
Cats are very affectionate.
Cats are very clean animals.
Cats are very cute.
Cats are very funny.
Cats are very important people.
Cats are very important, according to cats.
Cats are very important.
Cats are very interesting animals.
Cats are very tactile creatures.
Cats are weird.
Cats are wonderful hunters.
Cats aren't afraid of fire.
Cats aren't as quick to trust as dogs are.
Cats aren't humans!
Cats aren't smelly animals.
Cats aren't very patient.
Cats attack their prey from the side or the back.
Cats became a favored household pet over the centuries, in large part due to their natural ability to hunt and eradicate household pests and vermin, such as mice and rats.
Cats bury their pee, too.
Cats bury their poop.
Cats can also see in the dark.
Cats can be a pain sometimes, but I still love them.
Cats can be a pain sometimes.
Cats can be quite territorial creatures.
Cats can be so sweet.
Cats can be very affectionate creatures.
Cats can be very affectionate to people who respect their boundaries.
Cats can be very affectionate.
Cats can catch mice.
Cats can climb trees, but dogs can't.
Cats can climb trees, but dogs can’t.
Cats can come.
Cats can have a little salami, as a treat.
Cats can have a little salami.
Cats can purr for lots of different reasons.
Cats can see better at night.
Cats can see even in dark places.
Cats can see in the dark.
Cats can see things even when it's dark.
Cats can see things even when it’s dark.
Cats can see when it is dark.
Cats can survive quite well if they were released into the wild.
Cats can't learn to speak.
Cats catch mice.
Cats chase mice in the garden.
Cats clean themselves.
Cats communicate very clearly, but you have to know the language.
Cats dislike being wet.
Cats do not fly in formation, in fact, they don't fly at all.
Cats do this for a reason.
Cats do this when they want something.
Cats don't chase mice to please God.
Cats don't drink tea.
Cats don't eat bananas.
Cats don't eat mice these days.
Cats don't have owners, they have staff.
Cats don't just purr when they're content.
Cats don't like chocolate.
Cats don't like dogs.
Cats don't like getting wet.
Cats don't like to be bathed.
Cats don't like to get wet.
Cats don't like water.
Cats don't need collars.
Cats don't need cutlery.
Cats don't pet us; they pet themselves using us.
Cats don't wear collars.
Cats don’t like to get wet.
Cats don’t like water.
Cats don’t wear collars.
Cats eat bread.
Cats eat cat food.
Cats eat meat.
Cats eat mice and lizards.
Cats eat mice, but our cat Mr Peterson is friends with one.
Cats eat mice.
Cats enjoy sunbathing.
Cats even groom their owners.
Cats even groom to reduce anxiety.
Cats even groom to reduce frustration.
Cats exist in many universes at once.
Cats fascinate me.
Cats forever!
Cats go "meow, meow."
Cats go into heat two or three times a year.
Cats go mew, mew.
Cats groom each other to reinforce their social bonds.
Cats groom each other to show affection.
Cats groom each other to strengthen ties.
Cats groom for multiple reasons.
Cats groom their heads by applying saliva to their paws.
Cats groom themselves and other cats and humans they care about.
Cats groom themselves and their relatives.
Cats groom themselves to clean their furs.
Cats groom themselves.
Cats groom to remove dirt and debris from their fur.
Cats hate dogs.
Cats hate to get wet.
Cats hate vacuum cleaners.
Cats hate water.
Cats have a developed body language.
Cats have a dread of water.
Cats have a nice, soft fur.
Cats have a tail and four legs.
Cats have hairy ears.
Cats have litter boxes.
Cats have nine lives.
Cats have no sense of humor, they have terribly inflated egos, and they are very touchy.
Cats have pointed ears.
Cats have powerful instincts.
Cats have rough tongues.
Cats have sandpaper tongues.
Cats have scent receptors in their mouths.
Cats have seven lives.
Cats have small little noses.
Cats have small noses.
Cats have the ability to see in the dark.
Cats have their eccentricities.
Cats have triangular ears.
Cats have two ears.
Cats have two eyes.
Cats have whiskers.
Cats hide when they're sick.
Cats hunt alone.
Cats hunt mice.
Cats hunt small animals.
Cats kill billions of birds every year.
Cats kill rats.
Cats learn how to hunt from their mothers.
Cats lick themselves to cool themselves down in hot weather.
Cats lick themselves to regulate their temperature.
Cats lick themselves to remove dirt from their fur.
Cats like boxes.
Cats like cardboard boxes.
Cats like catnip.
Cats like fish in particular.
Cats like fish more than they like meat.
Cats like grooming themselves.
Cats like lying in the sun.
Cats like playing in the sun.
Cats like playing with yarn.
Cats like string.
Cats like to catch mice.
Cats like to hide when they are dying.
Cats like to play in the sun.
Cats like to play-fight.
Cats like to poop in our kids' sandbox.
Cats like to sunbathe.
Cats like yarn.
Cats love boxes.
Cats love grooming themselves.
Cats love me.
Cats love mice.
Cats love this.
Cats love to play, jump, and roam around the house or yard.
Cats love to run after balls of wool.
Cats make you clean up their poop for them.
Cats meow and dogs bark.
Cats meow.
Cats meow. Kittens mew.
Cats need a lot of "me time."
Cats need love.
Cats not only purr when they're content, but they purr at other times, too.
Cats nowadays don't eat mice.
Cats of that breed have no tail.
Cats often kill small animals if allowed outside of the house.
Cats often lick each other.
Cats only have two eyes.
Cats pin and bite their prey.
Cats prefer fish to meat.
Cats protect me from the shadow people.
Cats purr for a plethora of reasons.
Cats purr to indicate that they're happy.
Cats purr when they're happy.
Cats purr when they're in pain.
Cats purr when they're scared.
Cats rule the world.
Cats see better at night.
Cats see well in the dark.
Cats seek out their prey.
Cats sense vibrations with their whiskers.
Cats show emotional habits parallel to those of their owners.
Cats sleep a lot.
Cats snort when they are angry or frightened.
Cats snuggle for warmth and to show affection.
Cats sometimes chew on plants.
Cats spend about 10% of their waking time cleaning themselves.
Cats spend about 10% of their waking time grooming.
Cats take catnaps.
Cats teach consent.
Cats tend to do things like that.
Cats that are completely white with blue eyes are always, or nearly always, deaf.
Cats truly are mysterious creatures.
Cats twitch during REM sleep.
Cats understandably don't like to be in situations they can't escape from.
Cats use purring as a way to bond.
Cats use their ears to listen to potential prey.
Cats use their whiskers to sense vibrations.
Cats usually hate dogs.
Cats usually meow.
Cats were domesticated by the Egyptians.
Cats were sacred animals in ancient Egypt.
Cats were worshiped in Ancient Egypt.
Cats who are close groom each other socially, including in the hind parts. This is why they often shove their butts in people's faces.
Cats who run wild outside live dangerously.
Cats would eat us if we were small enough.
Cats' eyes are extremely sensitive to light.
Cats' eyes are very sensitive to light.
Cats' paws are very sensitive.
Cats' tongues are covered in little hooks made of keratin.
Cats' tongues are rough.
Cats' tongues feel like sandpaper.
Cats' whiskers are very sensitive.
Cats, dogs, monkeys, bats, whales, dolphins, and humans are all mammals.
Cats’ eyes are very sensitive to light.
Cattle are ruminant animals, meaning they have specialized digestive systems that allow them to process foods that cannot be digested by humans and most other animals, like fresh grass and uncooked grain.
Cattle are ruminant animals.
Cattle are ruminants.
Cattle breeding is one of the farmer's occupations and the animals are carefully selected according to their breed.
Cattle breeding is one of the farmer’s occupations and the animals are carefully selected according to their breed.
Cattle can't live without water.
Cattle feed on grass.
Cattle ranchers also discovered their animals could eat the tree's leaves and fruits.
Cattle were grazing in the field.
Cattle will be raised by robots.
Cattle would not eat grass where sheep had eaten.
Cattle, such as dairy cows or beef cattle produce methane as a by-product of digestion.
Catull could have written "I love and hate", but he didn't.
Caty is lesbian.
Cauliflower and broccoli are similar.
Cauliflower is nothing but cabbage with a college education.
Cause and effect react upon each other.
Causes of GI bleeding include gastric ulcers, artery or vein (arteriovenous) malformations, diverticulosis, cancer or inflammatory bowel disease.
Causes of epilepsy include injury around the time of birth, brain infections from illnesses such meningitis or encephalitis and stroke.
Causing competitors to fail, obtaining confidential information, something that big business just can't do without - high risk but at the same time high return work.
Causing competitors to fail, obtaining confidential information, something that big business just can’t do without - high risk but at the same time high return work.
Caution explosive material.
Caution is advised.
Caution is the eldest daughter of wisdom.
Caution! Fragile!
Caution! Wet Paint
Caution! Wet floor.
Caution, danger.
Caution, dangerous dog!
Caution, doors are closing!
Caution, the doors are now closing!
Caution, wet floor.
Caution.
Caution: risk of electric shock. Do not open.
Caution: wet floor
Cautiously they guided their horses on around the hill, keeping close together now.
Cavalry and infantry fought fearlessly.
Cavanna was born in 1923 in Nogent-sur-Marne.
Cave diving is very dangerous.
Cave escape!
Cave rescue is very dangerous.
Cave rescue requires specialized training.
Cavemen had the same instincts as animals.
Caves are dark places.
Caves are dark.
Caves are massive things.
Caviar is a delicacy.
Caviar is an acquired taste.
Caviar is fish eggs.
Caviar, a delicacy usually associated with the sturgeon that swim in the Caspian Sea, is also being produced at an American sturgeon farm in the Western state of Idaho. Idaho caviar sells for $1 a gram at the farm, but sells for five times as much when it arrives at restaurants and stores. Lesia Bakalets traveled to the farm to see what it takes to raise sturgeons and collect their roe.
Cavities have become rarer in the developed countries and more people will be able to eat with their own teeth throughout their life.
Cease and desist!
Cease distorting it.
Cease fire!
Cease shouting!
Cease your complaints.
Cease your remorse and start working.
Cease your remorse, girls, and start working.
Cease your remorse, guys, and start working.
Cease!
Cease-fire talks concluded without progress Thursday.
Ceasefire talks began in July 1951.
Cecil lit a candle.
Cecilia wasn't a teacher.
Cecilia wasn’t a teacher.
Cecily Debrujn was killed in the year 1956 at the age of 16.
Cecine was a meditator at my Vancouver Thai temple. She knew Mandarin, Cantonese, and Vietnamese, aside from English.
Ceilings in Japan are low for foreigners.
Celebrate in style!
Celebrate the revolution memorial day!
Celebrate your accomplishments.
Celebrate your achievements alone.
Celebrate your achievements, no matter how small.
Celebrate your success.
Celebrate! Tomorrow we may die!
Celebrating Spring Festival is commonly referred to as 'passing the year'.
Celebrating Spring Festival is commonly referred to as ’passing the year’.
Celebrating our differences strengthens community bonds.
Celebrating with friends develops friendship.
Celebrating your birthday as an adult can be a real pain.
Celebrations began within days: parades and public readings, bonfires and candles and the firing of 13 musket rounds, one for each of the original states.
Celebrities and social media influencers are among users practicing dances and posting their finished product online.
Celebrities are everywhere.
Celebrities are just people, except obscenely wealthy.
Celebrities are just people.
Celebrities are often used to promote products.
Celebrities are spiritual prostitutes.
Celebrities are using TikTok.
Celery root and celery stalks are both edible, as are beets and beet greens.
Celeste is making dumplings in the kitchen.
Celestial bodies are projected onto an imaginary sphere called the celestial sphere.
Celestial bodies in the firmament.
Celestial objects, such as moons, planets, and comets, have repeating and common shapes throughout this vast universe. Could lifeforms be such? Could there be lifeforms on other worlds that look like birds, cats, dogs, fish, or even humans?
Celine Dion, Andrea Bocelli, Lady Gaga, Lang Lang and John Legend performed "The Prayer" during the during One World: Together At Home on April 18, 2020.
Cell coverage is pretty spotty where I live.
Cell phones are convenient, but I want them to be used responsibly.
Cell phones are generally not allowed in cells.
Cell phones are unbearable.
Cell phones don't cause tumors, Esther.
Cell phones don't cause tumors.
Cell phones have become status symbols, signs of prosperity, and one of the most noticeable examples of conspicuous consumption in North Korea.
Cell phones that break before their contract expires are examples of planned obsolescence.
Cell phones were not nearly as ubiquitous in the late 2000s.
Cell services are limited in the area.
Cellphone and computer users are encouraged to take frequent breaks and to remain aware of their posture.
Cellphones and computers are everywhere in almost every country across the globe, and it is common to see people hunched over these devices.
Cellphones and computers are everywhere in almost every country across the globe.
Cellphones and computers are everywhere.
Cellphones are now ubiquitous.
Cellphones are unbearable.
Cellphones didn't even exist yet.
Cellphones didn't work inside Leonid's house.
Cellphones do not work in the air-raid shelter.
Cellphones don't use batteries.
Cellphones don't work in the tunnel.
Cellphones have changed modern literature and perhaps in a bad way.
Cells are cybernetic multimolecular cities, full of hi-tech machines, power plants, and even nanorobots.
Cells are the building blocks of life.
Cells can replicate independently.
Cells have two methods of reproduction: mitosis and meiosis.
Cells in Guantanamo are tiny.
Cells make up tissues.
Cellular organization is one of the main characteristics that define a living being.
Cellulose is a carbohydrate.
Celtic is still present in Irish, Welsh and Scottish Gaelic.
Celtic languages used to be more widespread.
Celtic music is a good solution.
Celtic tribes arrived on the island between 600 and 150 BC.
Celynn Chan, originally from Malaysia, attended her first American Thanksgiving dinner this week with fellow international students at the South Bend campus of Indiana University.
Celynn's favorite part of the event was not, as she anticipated, the pie. "I had high expectations," she said diplomatically, clearing orange and yellow decorations off the tables at the end of the evening. "But it was still edible."
Cement hardens in 2-3 hours.
Cement hardens in two or three hours.
Cement hardens in two to three hours.
Cement is a gray powder.
Cement is a grey powder.
Cement is the glue holding concrete together, and it is the manufacture of cement that creates concrete's substantial carbon footprint.
Cemeteries are not closed for national holidays.
Cenovis is delicious.
Censoring won't hide the truth.
Censorious people delight in casting blame.
Censorship erases truth.
Censorship feeds the dirty mind more than the four-letter word itself.
Censorship is a sign of degeneracy.
Censorship is a terrible practice.
Censorship is not always a bad thing.
Censorship sometimes has the opposite of its intended effect.
Censorship, in my opinion, is a stupid and shallow way of approaching the solution to any problem.
Centenarians, people who live to be 100 years old, are currently the fastest growing age group in the World. And the U.S. has more than any other country, well over 50,000. Living longer may be more common than it was, but living well and continuing a healthy, active lifestyle into the second century can be a challenge.
Center-left people have more empathy for the far right than for anyone to the left of them.
Center-left people, as a rule, more easily see themselves in the far-right than in the left.
Centipedes and millipedes aren't insects but myriapods.
Centipedes are bugs.
Centipedes are predatory arthropods known for their venomous bites.
Centipedes are so beautiful.
Centipedes belong to the class Chilopoda and are known for their predatory behavior.
Centipedes can have between 30 and 354 legs.
Centipedes crawled out from that hole.
Centipedes prefer dark and damp areas.
Central Algeria was rapidly colonized by France.
Central Algiers has many green spaces.
Central Algiers is a shopping and dining paradise.
Central Algiers is incredibly congested.
Central Algiers is known for its Western-style buildings.
Central Algiers is known for its chronic congestion.
Central Algiers is the capital's business quarter.
Central Algiers is the heart of Algiers.
Central Algiers is the heart of the city.
Central Algiers needs some urban innovation.
Central Algiers teems with office workers.
Central Bank is a bank that deals mainly with other banks and the government and assumes broad responsibilities in the interests of the national economy apart from the earning of profits.
Central Park also plays host to tens of thousands of runners during the final 5.1 kilometers of the world-famous 42-kilometer New York Marathon, as well as to summer performances of Shakespeare in the Park, the Metropolitan Opera and New York Philharmonic. More than 170 movies have been filmed inside the park, including the 1957 American classic, An Affair to Remember starring Cary Grant, and the more contemporary comedic love story, When Harry Met Sally starring Hollywood actors Billy Crystal and Meg Ryan.
Central Park is near where I work.
Central Valley produces half of all fruits and vegetables in the U.S., but requires massive irrigation, some of which requires desalination.
Central heating is more and more expensive.
Central nervous system consists of brain, cerebellum, medulla oblongata and spinal cord.
Central to this issue is the problem of modernization.
Centre left.
Centrifugal force is a fictitious force.
Centrists are neither to the left nor the left.
Centrists can be extremists, and often are.
Centrists can be just as extreme as activists on the far left or right.
Centrosomes act as the microtubule organising centre, where astral, kinetochore, and non-kinetochore microtubules extend from.
Centuries ago, people started fires using flint and steel.
Centuries ago, there were merely 200 countries in the world; today in the 23rd century, there are over 1000.
Centuries dwell in your forehead.
Centuries later, there were "lighthouse" outposts as far as Pluto and its moon Charon.
Centuries later, there were more humans in outer space than there were on Earth.
Cephadol is a medicine to control dizziness.
Cephalopods are marine animals characterised by tentacles and bilateral body symmetry.
Ceramics also demonstrate the depth of human creativity. This art shows the local needs and materials of a group of people.
Cereal is just cold, sweet soup.
Cereals and sugar beet, on the other hand, ripen well in such conditions.
Cereals were originally a famine food and that's why they make you fat and sick.
Ceremonies and traditions around the Kirkpinar tournament have changed little over the centuries.
Ceremonies were held to celebrate victories.
Ceremony is not needed for prayer, trust is.
Ceres contains one-third of the mass found in the asteroid belt.
Ceres is located 415 million kilometers from the Sun and revolves around the Sun in an orbit between Mars and Jupiter.
Ceres is named after the Roman goddess of growing plants, harvest, and motherly love.
Ceres was discovered on January 1, 1801 by Italian Giuseppe Piazzi. He discovered it while searching for a star.
Certain Western perspectives tend to overlook or downplay the rich diversity of cultures, traditions, and perspectives from other regions, inadvertently reinforcing the notion of a Western-centric worldview.
Certain Westerners tend to overlook the rich diversity and historical contributions of non-Western cultures, reinforcing the notion of Western cultural superiority.
Certain animals are fast disappearing.
Certain artificial sweeteners are known to be carcinogens.
Certain biological and behavioral variations increase organisms' reproductive and survival chances in their particular environment.
Certain birds don't fly.
Certain cars have two exhaust pipes, usually sports cars.
Certain cars, usually sports cars, have two exhaust pipes.
Certain chemicals are extremely dangerous to human health.
Certain circles keep saying the same thing insistently.
Certain circumstances are keeping me here.
Certain concepts become clearer with age and experience.
Certain conditions may apply.
Certain conditions may trigger previously undetected epileptic symptoms even in persons who have no history of prior seizures or epilepsy.
Certain creoles obtain an official status, for example like in Malaysia.
Certain dates to most of us become in time retrospectively memorable, and doubtless this sunny, fragrant June day would in any case have been remembered by Barbara as the last of a long series of high days and holidays spent by her in her French home during the first few years of her life.
Certain details of the crime were not made public.
Certain drugs, like alcohol, can prevent or hinder memory consolidation.
Certain gestures, looks, or attitudes, are so immediately declarative of the internal actuating causes, that, on the slightest view of the picture or statue, we collect the real state of the persons represented.
Certain groups have threatened to disassociate themselves from the opposition if they are not allowed to take part in the talks.
Certain habits are hard to lose.
Certain industries advocated creating megastructures in space for habitation with artificial gravity.
Certain injuries can't be avoided.
Certain jokes make me laugh, others don't.
Certain jurisdictions, particularly in Europe, are considering regulations intended to address the issue of "overtourism," including by restricting access to city centers or popular tourist destinations or limiting accommodation offerings in surrounding areas, such as by restricting construction of new hotels or the renting of homes or apartments.
Certain kinds of speech are known to incite violence.
Certain languages use the imperfect tense to express incomplete actions.
Certain matters require more life experience to understand.
Certain medications can affect sperm viability.
Certain parts of the show have been toned down to make it suitable for a family audience.
Certain people are evil.
Certain people escaped from religious discrimination.
Certain people on the street do not smile at all.
Certain pieces of music would be more melodious an octave higher.
Certain poisons, properly used, are useful.
Certain polluting activities have been banned.
Certain questions remained unanswered.
Certain religions are against organ donation.
Certain religions do not allow this combination.
Certain restrictions apply.
Certain restrictions may apply.
Certain smells can easily trigger childhood memories.
Certain students may disagree with what I'm about to say.
Certain taboos, which had remained untouchable for so many years, have come to be broken.
Certain teachers do not understand this problem.
Certain things are better left unsaid.
Certain things are easier to legalize than legitimize.
Certain things came to my knowledge.
Certain things can happen to anyone.
Certain things were revealed to Tom.
Certain users have expressed their belief that the website's troubles can be solved by placing a cap on the number of example sentences contributed by an Algerian translator each day.
Certain values make people American.
Certain wavelengths, like ultraviolet light, just don't make it through the atmosphere.
Certain words are hard to define.
Certain words can be used without a specific context.
Certainly Tom was in on it.
Certainly he is handsome and intelligent, but there is something about him that I can't like.
Certainly he is handsome and intelligent, but there is something about him that I can’t like.
Certainly he is independent of him.
Certainly her mother wept bitterly and sorrowfully, but at the same time she said, "Pride goes before a fall! There was your misfortune, Inge! How you have grieved your mother."
Certainly most have the Spanish pox, or, as some call it, the French, although it is common to all nations.
Certainly most have the Spanish pox, or, as some call it, the French, tho it be common to all nations.
Certainly no one was expecting it.
Certainly not, I don't agree with you.
Certainly she is correct.
Certainly she wouldn't have dreamt that I would get up promptly without grumbling.
Certainly she wouldn’t have dreamt that I would get up promptly without grumbling.
Certainly there are downsides to leadership by coercion and force.
Certainly there are inequalities in level of education even within a generation, but there have been no visible inequities between machines and materials in recent years.
Certainly there is a solution somewhere and I will find it.
Certainly there is nothing that will separate people more, and nothing so easy to slip into.
Certainly they will go on holiday next month.
Certainly you may well be right.
Certainly!
Certainly, Aunt Wealthy was no slave to fashion.
Certainly, I despise my homeland wholeheartedly — but it is unpleasant to see a foreigner share this sentiment.
Certainly, I like playing cards.
Certainly, my knowledge of French is limited.
Certainly, no one wants to do that.
Certainly, sir. The salad counter is this way.
Certainly, the sentences I wrote on Tatoeba contain well over a million words.
Certainly, these things are true.
Certainly, you're right.
Certainly.
Certainly. I will need to confirm it, however. Please wait just a moment.
Certainly. I'd be glad to.
Certainly. I'll look for it right now.
Certainly. I’d be glad to.
Certainly. What can I do?
Cervical cancer has nothing to do with cervical vertebrae. It's a cancer of the cervix.
Cervical cancer starts when a woman contracts the sexually-transmitted human papilloma virus, or HPV. Only about ten percent of women with HPV will develop cancer. But for women who are less likely to get routine pap smears, Ogilvie says testing for HPV can help identify those who may be at risk for cancer.
Cesar Chavez asked that strikers remain non-violent even though farm owners and their supporters sometimes used violence.
Cesar Chavez died in 1993 at the age of sixty-six. More than 40,000 people attended his funeral.
Cesar Chavez organized the first successful farm workers union in American history.
Cesar Chavez was born on a small farm near Yuma, Arizona in 1927.
Cetaceans are an order of marine mammals.
Cetaceans are thought to use Earth's magnetic field to navigate.
Cetaceans live underwater.
Ceuta is known as "Sebta" in Arabic and Tamazight or Berber.
Cevital is a massive employer in Algeria.
Cevital is one of Algeria's biggest private employers.
Ceza can rap faster than Eminem.
Cezanne is famous for his landscapes.
Chabha did not hold back her tears.
Chabha did not understand anything.
Chach also speaks Esperanto.
Chach is vacationing on Titan, a moon of Saturn.
Chach likes playing basketball.
Chach likes to play basketball.
Chach studies at the University of the Solar System on Space Station VH2929.
Chach vacations on Titan, a moon of Saturn.
Chach's native language is Lojban.
Chad has the world's third-highest maternal mortality rate.
Chad is a landlocked country.
Chad is called "Tchad" in French.
Chad is called "Tshād" in Arabic.
Chadli found himself the head of a country that was going to experience major economic problems.
Chai tea often contains cardamom.
Chaim was an eye doctor in World War II.
Chain e-mails were so popular then.
Chairs and sofas are different types of seat.
Chairs and tables were damaged.
Chairs were being pushed.
Chakib had a car accident.
Chalk it up as a loss.
Chalk one up for the gipper.
Challenge accepted.
Challenge the usual ways.
Challenge yourself to try something new.
Challenge yourself with new exercises regularly.
Challenge yourself with progressive overload.
Challenger Deep is approximately 36,200 feet deep. It is named after the HMS Challenger, whose crew first sounded the depths of the trench in 1875.
Challenger estimates workers will spend 30 minutes daily during work hours — outside of breaks or their lunch hour — checking on their players, proposing trades and doing related research.
Challenger exploded on January 28th 1986.
Challenges are the stepping stones to success in life.
Challenges don't scare me.
Challenges flooding social media range from drawing random oranges and tagging friends, to perfecting 15-second dances on TikTok to keep people busy, connected and entertained.
Challenges only make her stronger.
Challenging each other can strengthen our connections.
Challenging societal expectations allows individuals to embrace their authentic selves and promote inclusivity.
Challenging the macho culture is essential for creating a more inclusive and equitable society for all genders.
Chamois almost never drink water.
Chamois can live for 25 years.
Chamois move in leaps.
Chamomile is a herb with muscle-relaxing properties.
Chamomile is so popular in essential oils.
Champagne flowed all night.
Champagne for everyone.
Champagne gives me a migraine.
Champagne is an alcoholic beverage.
Champagne is imported from France.
Champagne is the drink of the angels.
Champagne!
Champagne, please.
Champion thoroughbred "Big Brown" is a strong contender to become the first horse in 30 years to win U.S. horse racing's Triple Crown on Saturday when he runs in the Belmont Stakes in New York.
Champollion deciphered the Ancient Egyptian language.
Chan says a high-level meeting convened by WHO looked at the scientific evidence linking Zika infections with malformation and neurological disorders.
Chance favors the prepared mind.
Chance has thrown us together at a skiing resort.
Chance is a nickname for Providence.
Chance is perhaps the pseudonym of God when he does not want to sign.
Chance is poor protection.
Chance is what brought us together.
Chance led to the discovery of the new island.
Chancellor Angela Merkel is in quarantine after being in contact with a doctor who tested positive for the coronavirus.
Chancellor Angela Merkel warned against thinking that it is in vain to try to halt the spread of the virus.
Chancellor Merkel said coping with the pandemic is easier in the summer when people can be outdoors. She anticipated it would be more difficult when people must be indoors.
Chancellor Merkel said that all Syrian migrants would be allowed to come to Germany and apply for asylum.
Chances are I'll be awake.
Chances are I'll still be awake when you get here.
Chances are Tom and Mary are in Boston by now.
Chances are Tom and Mary were right.
Chances are Tom is in Australia by now.
Chances are Tom is in Boston by now.
Chances are Tom is wrong.
Chances are Tom was right.
Chances are here, take them.
Chances are that I will be late for work.
Chances are that I'll be late for work.
Chances are that he has not heard the news yet.
Chances are that the answer is yes.
Chances are the bill will be rejected.
Chances are they're lost, and that's why they're late.
Chances are they’re lost, and that’s why they’re late.
Chances are what you heard wasn't true.
Chances are, the children will always remember the times they spent in the firelight at summer camp.
Chances came my way.
Chances come rarely in any case.
Chances of promotion are slim in this firm.
Chancing to come before the mirror, he saw that he was unusually pale, and that his eyes had a swollen look.
Chancing upon an unusually beautiful woman one table away, Julian began to visibly shake.
Chandra has an elliptical orbit which takes it more than 138,000 kilometers from Earth and then back to within 9600 kilometers of Earth. Chandra travels more than one-third of the way to the Moon with each orbit!
Chandra has the ability to record X-rays from clouds of gas with temperatures measuring in the millions of degrees.
Chandra means "moon" in Sanskrit.
Chandra proved that there was an upper limit to the mass of a white dwarf. This limit, known as the Chandra limit, showed that stars more massive than the Sun would explode or form black holes as they died.
Chandra records observations of the universe in the high-energy end of the electromagnetic spectrum.
Chandra's extraordinary capabilities make it possible for scientists to study such high-energy objects as supernovae and black holes in greater detail.
Chandrika was not reborn, as her soul had attained nirvana.
Chang says drinkers in Taiwan find the whiskies from Scotland to be more exotic.
Chang-Yong Lim is the pitcher with the straight pitch that wriggles like a snake.
Change alone is eternal, perpetual, immortal.
Change at the next stop.
Change brings opportunity as well as risk.
Change buses at that stop.
Change came quickly.
Change can and will happen.
Change can be good or bad.
Change can be good, or it can be bad.
Change can be helpful.
Change can be unsettling for everyone involved.
Change can feel necessary at times.
Change can sometimes be difficult, but it can also open up new opportunities and be a means of personal growth and development.
Change comes.
Change course.
Change cutting boards when switching between different types of food.
Change from phone settings.
Change gears or you'll stall.
Change gears.
Change happens slowly.
Change has the potential to undermine our identity.
Change has to start somewhere.
Change in Algeria is very slow.
Change inspires more change.
Change into some old clothes before you clean the garage.
Change into your school uniform.
Change into your suit.
Change is a constant in life.
Change is a part of life.
Change is afoot.
Change is always difficult.
Change is always hard.
Change is coming to Algeria.
Change is coming.
Change is difficult.
Change is good, even though it's sometimes painful.
Change is good.
Change is hard.
Change is important.
Change is in the air.
Change is in the air. And when people demand change, it is the job of politicians to respond.
Change is inevitable.
Change is inseparable from life.
Change is necessary and possible.
Change is needed.
Change is never easy.
Change is never immediate.
Change is one thing, progress is another. "Change" is scientific, "progress" is ethical; change is indubitable, whereas progress is a matter of controversy.
Change is part and parcel of life.
Change is possible.
Change is scary.
Change is slower than Tebboune promised.
Change is stressful.
Change is the only constant.
Change is very challenging.
Change is very difficult.
Change is what we need.
Change isn't something I welcome.
Change it however you need to.
Change it.
Change kitchen towels regularly, especially if they become soiled.
Change my mind.
Change my password.
Change out of those wet clothes.
Change out of your school uniform.
Change takes a long time.
Change takes time.
Change target.
Change teams.
Change the air.
Change the animal!
Change the channel!
Change the channel, because this documentary is very boring.
Change the channel, please; that music is unbearable.
Change the channel.
Change the channel; this documentary is really boring.
Change the child's nappy.
Change the dishwater if it becomes too dirty.
Change the disk, it's boring!
Change the flag, please.
Change the flag.
Change the law.
Change the light.
Change the major if you want to.
Change the oil, please.
Change the orbit slightly of a single asteroid and we have big reptiles instead of people.
Change the password.
Change the pillowcase.
Change the record, it's boring!
Change the record.
Change the subject, please.
Change the subject.
Change the way you look at things, and the things you look at change.
Change the way you perceive the world.
Change the way you see things, and the things you see will change.
Change this dollar bill for ten dimes.
Change this passive sentence to an active one.
Change trains at Chicago for New York.
Change trains at Sendai Station for Tokyo.
Change trains at Shinjuku.
Change trains at Tokyo Station.
Change trains at the next station.
Change underwear daily.
Change was afoot.
Change was in the air.
Change what needs to be changed.
Change will only come from you.
Change will take time.
Change your air filters.
Change your attitude.
Change your avatar.
Change your behavior.
Change your behaviour.
Change your clothes.
Change your diet.
Change your email address.
Change your environment.
Change your haircut, or your house.
Change your lifestyle.
Change your mind, if you want to.
Change your opinions, keep to your principles; change your leaves, keep intact your roots.
Change your posture and the confidence will come.
Change your profile pic.
Change your profile picture.
Change your shift.
Change your shirt.
Change your shirt. It's very dirty.
Change your shirt. It’s very dirty.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
Change your thoughts, and you change your world.
Change your thoughts, and you will change your world.
Change your usual way of thinking.
Change your ways.
Changes are already under way.
Changes are not always for the better.
Changes are shifting outside the word.
Changes are taking place.
Changes came quickly.
Changes have been made.
Changes in society come from individuals.
Changes in the country are inevitable.
Changes in water availability, both episodic and long-lasting, will constrain different forms of energy production.
Changes of leadership have a great effect on the international political economy.
Changes seem inevitable to many people.
Changes such as these are taking place not just in our country, but around the world.
Changes to legislation are not within the domain of the court.
Changes to your comment have been saved.
Changing Algeria completely is going to be a very difficult thing.
Changing Algeria is going to be a very difficult task.
Changing a light bulb is super easy.
Changing a light bulb isn't rocket science.
Changing a light switch is pretty simple.
Changing a puncture gives a lot of work.
Changing clothes wouldn't be hard.
Changing habits requires effort and commitment.
Changing history is difficult.
Changing my sex is an important step for my happiness.
Changing outside is embarrassing.
Changing rooms are located nearby.
Changing rooms won't help you hide.
Changing the Senate rules now will only further politicize the Supreme Court.
Changing the color of the walls give the space more life.
Changing the grouping of addends does not change the sum.
Changing the grouping of factors does not change the product.
Changing the system is difficult, not to mention the interpersonal relationships.
Changing your daily habits can add excitement.
Channel 4 was the first to televise nudity in the UK.
Channel your fighting spirit!
Channers are some of the most rigorously conformist people on the planet.
Channers love to project their own pedophilia onto queer people.
Channers should be quarantined from the rest of the Internet.
Chaos cries for order and order cries for chaos.
Chaos is Yanni's normal.
Chaos is order yet undeciphered.
Chaos is welcome, as order has failed.
Chaos isn't a pit, but a ladder.
Chaos reigns in Mary's flat.
Chaoui is a Berber dialect.
Chaoui is a language, not a dialect.
Chapaatou Souley sobs as she is cradled by her mother Laure, in the admissions tent of a Doctors Without Borders emergency feeding center in Maradi. The three-year-old girl weighs just over 5.5 kilograms.
Chapeau!
Chaplin left America for good.
Chaplin was visionary.
Chapter fifteen contained a pivotal moment in the protagonist's character arc.
Chapter fifteen provided insight into the supporting characters' perspectives.
Chapter fifteen was omitted from the final published version of the novel.
Chapter five focused on the romantic subplot of the novel.
Chapter five introduced a new character.
Chapter five wrapped up the loose ends of the story.
Chapter three is the end of the beginning of the book. Stop there and read the critic's comments.
Chapter three is the end of the beginning of the book. Stop there and read the critic’s comments.
Chapters 1, 5 and 7 are the easiest to understand. Read those first.
Character building begins in our infancy and continues until death.
Character changes when you come into power.
Character is much easier kept than recovered.
Character is not formed through elegant speech, but rather through work and personal achievement.
Character is nothing more than a prolonged habit.
Character is on the ballot. Compassion is on the ballot. Decency, science, democracy. They are all on the ballot.
Character is what makes the difference.
Character limit exceeded.
Character traits are quite stable throughout life.
Charade you are.
Charcoal drawing is easier than oil painting, but both are harder than I thought.
Charcoal is a substance similar to coal that is produced from wood.
Charcoal, a substance similar to coal, is produced from wood.
Charge it to my account.
Charge it to my room.
Charge it with the adapter.
Charge it, please.
Charge the phone.
Charge the tablet only with the provided charger.
Charge this bill to me.
Charge this to my account.
Charge this to my company.
Charge your phone.
Charge!
Charges against Prigozhin were dropped.
Charges against Tom have been dropped.
Charges are still pending.
Charges were later dropped.
Charges were read out, no pleas were entered and the case was adjourned.
Charging a cell phone shouldn't rule one's life.
Charging the electric car takes a very long time.
Charging the electric car takes such a long time.
Chariot races were popular in ancient Rome.
Charitable donations aren't always tax-deductible.
Charity begins at home.
Charity creates a multitude of sins.
Charity is a virtue.
Charity is an important mitzvah.
Charity starts at home.
Charity vessels have resumed patrolling the Mediterranean to try to provide assistance to migrants in difficulty.
Charlemagne is said to have sown the seeds of both Germany and France.
Charlemagne was crowned by the Pope.
Charles Darwin’s personal life was also expanding. In eighteen thirty-nine, he married Emma Wedgwood, his cousin. He told her his ideas about how species evolve over time — what he called the transmutation of species.
Charles Guiteau was insane.
Charles Hires did not invent root beer, but he gets credit as the first person to produce and market root beer throughout the United States.
Charles I had his head cut off.
Charles I of England was executed by guillotine.
Charles I, King of England, was beheaded.
Charles Kirby is still like a virgin.
Charles Leclerc won the Italian Grand Prix.
Charles Lindbergh made the first solo flight across the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
Charles Moore created Forth in an attempt to increase programmer productivity without sacrificing machine efficiency.
Charles V attempted to invade Algeria.
Charles Walcot investigated the magnetic compass bearing sense in pigeons.
Charles Wondji, a mosquito geneticist at the School of Tropical Medicine in Liverpool, England, notes that resistance to pyrethroid insecticides occurred rapidly, in about eight years.
Charles always takes the line of least resistance.
Charles ascended as king.
Charles de Gaulle was a great man and also a tall man.
Charles distracted the creatures using a torch.
Charles doesn't speak Spanish correctly.
Charles doesn't want to be king. He wants to be a tampon.
Charles has diarrhea.
Charles has to go to the hospital.
Charles improvised a short address.
Charles is a British customer.
Charles is a French citizen.
Charles is a cunning young man.
Charles is a douche.
Charles is asking for some wine.
Charles is feeling the draught right now and wants to know if we can go out next week instead, after he gets paid.
Charles is harassing me.
Charles is still alive!
Charles lived a life of debauchery when he was young.
Charles made up a brief speech.
Charles peels your banana.
Charles sent me a text message.
Charles suffers from apophenia.
Charles the First of England was guillotined.
Charley is important.
Charley will pay for what he did.
Charli is a well-known genderfluid actor.
Charlie Chan and Fu Manchu may have been Chinese characters, but they were largely played by Caucasian actors made up to look Asian.
Charlie Chaplin is an actor.
Charlie Chaplin is one of the greatest artists of all time.
Charlie Chaplin was a British actor.
Charlie Hebdo is a satirical, secular, political, and cheerful newspaper.
Charlie Kirby does not know that marriage may not cure loneliness. He can be talking face to face with somebody, but she would not be listening.
Charlie Kirby is always thinking of marriage now. He never got married. He regrets it. He feels lonely.
Charlie Kirby knows that he would not be good in a longterm relationship with a woman. Women think that he is cold and insensitive.
Charlie Sloane is dead gone on you. He told his mother—his mother, mind you—that you were the smartest girl in school. That's better than being good looking.
Charlie Sloane says he's going to go into politics and be a member of Parliament.
Charlie Sloane says that his grandmother saw his grandfather driving home the cows one night after he'd been buried for a year.
Charlie absolutely did not deserve to be made a prefect.
Charlie decided to cross out the last word.
Charlie is twenty, and Daniel is sixteen.
Charlie was a mere child when I saw him last.
Charlie's father advised him to become a teacher.
Charlie’s father advised him to become a teacher.
Charlotte Brontë was a British novelist.
Charlotte Brontë wrote of her sister Emily that she was "stronger than a man, simpler than a child".
Charlotte suffers from stress eating.
Charlotte, what's this language?
Charm is deceptive, and beauty is fleeting; but a woman who fears the LORD is to be praised.
Charmed!
Charmed.
Charming was the chirp of the grasshoppers, delightful was the bleating of the flocks, luxuriant the aspect of the fields.
Charming, you are, my dear.
Charming.
Charms strike the sight, but merit wins the soul.
Charon is Pluto's largest moon.
Charon is considered to be a satellite of the (dwarf) planet Pluto. However, because its diameter is more than half as large as that of Pluto itself, it can be considered an equal partner; and Pluto and Charon can be considered a double planet.
Charon took Tom to the other side of the lake.
Charon, Pluto's largest moon, is very different from its parent planet.
Charred remains have been found among the charcoal ashes of the fire.
Charred remains of a flatbread baked about 14,500 years ago in a stone fireplace at a site in northeastern Jordan have given researchers a delectable surprise: people began making bread, a vital staple food, millennia before they developed agriculture.
Charter schools are a grift.
Charter schools get paid taxpayer money to deliver worse results than public schools.
Chase that duck out of the courtyard.
Chase the cat from the kitchen.
Chase the cat out of the kitchen.
Chase the wind.
Chase them away from here.
Chase your dreams.
Chastity is a virtue.
Chastity prolongs youth.
Chasubles are the costume of the fools at the heavenly court.
Chat in French means "cat."
Chat less, work more.
Chat to your heart's content.
Chat with Ziri about it.
Chat with your friends.
ChatGPT is an American parrot.
ChatGPT will become your child's best friend.
Chatbots will prey on people. They have the power to persuade us what to believe and what to do.
Chattering is simple.
Chatting to her was fun.
Chatting with Tom was fun.
Chatura shared the video clip with her friends.
Chau was a finalist in a recent competition in which students prepared plans for actual businesses.
Chaucer and Boccaccio are two writers.
Chaucer and Boccaccio are two writers. The first one is English, the second one Italian.
Chauvinism is a mental illness.
Chauvinism is oppressive.
Chauvinism is toxic.
Chauvinism kills.
Chavacano is a Spanish-based creole language.
Chavacano is well and alive here in Zamboanga.
Chavacano songs have recently been gaining popularity.
Chaya Raichik is a terrorist dispatcher.
Chaykhana is a Central Asian teahouse where men dally over a cup of tea, share traditional dishes like plov, and discuss current affairs.
Cheap European products are flooding Algerian markets.
Cheap apartment houses are multiplying rapidly.
Cheap clothes are flashy but don't last.
Cheap grain is flooding our market.
Cheap imports will glut the market.
Cheap meat doesn't make good soup.
Cheap meat doesn’t make good soup.
Cheap produce from Europe is inflicting damage on Algeria.
Cheap sake makes you sick.
Cheap, isn't it?
Cheaper doesn't always mean worse.
Cheaper isn't possible.
Cheaper wine is sometimes better than dearer.
Cheapskate!
Cheaters never prosper.
Cheating doesn't have to exist in a couple.
Cheating is a sinful act.
Cheating is not even worth it.
Cheating is wrong.
Cheating on one's spouse is not usually considered acceptable behavior.
Cheating on one’s spouse is not usually considered acceptable behavior.
Cheating on your wife is not worthy.
Chechens have inclinations towards independence.
Chechnya is part of the Russian Federation.
Check Tom out, please.
Check Tom's pulse again.
Check Tom's pulse.
Check Tom's vitals.
Check again in about three minutes.
Check again to make sure that you haven't forgotten anything.
Check again.
Check against delivery.
Check all that apply.
Check all the exits.
Check all the loose knots and fasten them tight.
Check and adjust the brakes before you drive.
Check and mate!
Check any seat before you sit in it.
Check around.
Check back for details.
Check back for updates.
Check back later for updates.
Check back later today for the answer!
Check back next week.
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
Check back with me later.
Check everyone.
Check everything once more.
Check everything one more time.
Check for any condiment bottles or containers that may have leaked in the fridge.
Check for any condiment bottles or containers that may have leaked in the refrigerator.
Check for any cracks or damaged tiles and report them for repair.
Check for any expired items and toss them in the trash.
Check for any food particles or spills around the stovetop's edges.
Check for any rust spots on metal utensils and scrub them away.
Check for any signs of irritation or infection.
Check for any stains on the towels and treat them before washing.
Check for any stray napkins that may have fallen on the floor.
Check for old versions.
Check for sticky or greasy spots on appliances and wipe them clean.
Check his grammar.
Check his pulse.
Check his vitals.
Check if everybody is in place.
Check if everything is correct.
Check if everything is in place.
Check if my lights are off.
Check if the gas tap is closed.
Check if these ones are good now.
Check if they are over there!
Check if your domain name is available.
Check in between the cushions.
Check in the schedule when our train leaves.
Check in with Tom.
Check in with me before you leave.
Check in with me every hour.
Check in with me next week.
Check in with me tomorrow.
Check in, please.
Check it again.
Check it for me, please.
Check it now.
Check it out!
Check it out, Tom.
Check it out.
Check it, please.
Check my Facebook page.
Check my legs for ticks.
Check on Tom, please.
Check on Tom.
Check on the accuracy of this article.
Check on the baby.
Check our workgroup.
Check out another TikTok video that Ziri has made about that.
Check out how I understand this question.
Check out our list of tips.
Check out our website!
Check out our website.
Check out some of these first-hand testimonials. I have to be as objective as possible.
Check out that babe.
Check out that car.
Check out that girl.
Check out that woman!
Check out the house with the red roof.
Check out the view.
Check out the vocabulary for which we need sentences.
Check out the woman over there!
Check out these dank memes!
Check out these stats.
Check out this mushroom.
Check out this necklace.
Check out this new video.
Check out this video I filmed with my friends.
Check out this video I made with my friends.
Check out this video on YouTube.
Check out this video training.
Check out this video.
Check out those legs.
Check out what I bought!
Check out what I've been up to.
Check out what's new.
Check out your options.
Check over your work.
Check that car out.
Check that for yourself.
Check that girl out.
Check that out.
Check that the phone isn't off the hook.
Check that there is no dust or lint on the power plug before inserting into an electrical outlet.
Check that your username and password are written correctly.
Check that.
Check the adapter's compatibility.
Check the answer key.
Check the archives.
Check the arrivals and departures board to find out when the train to London leaves.
Check the arrivals and departures board to see if there's a train going to London.
Check the ballots!
Check the calendar.
Check the counter for any oil or grease splatters and clean them off.
Check the cutting board for any stains, and use a baking soda paste to remove them.
Check the description.
Check the enemy's progress before they reach the town.
Check the enemy’s progress before they reach the town.
Check the expiration date of that juice before you drink it.
Check the expiration dates on food packages to prevent waste.
Check the first-aid kit.
Check the fridge for any expired or spoiled food and throw it away.
Check the fridge's shelves and drawers for any food residue.
Check the guinea pig's fur for any signs of illness.
Check the insoles of your sneakers for holes every week.
Check the itinerary.
Check the label of the new towel for washing guidelines.
Check the left side. I'll check the right side.
Check the medicine cabinet.
Check the noticeboard for new job postings once a week.
Check the number in the phone book.
Check the number in the telephone directory.
Check the organization's accreditation status.
Check the oven's heating elements for any food or residue buildup.
Check the ovenware for any stuck-on residue.
Check the pantry.
Check the parameter list.
Check the peephole before opening the door.
Check the porch first.
Check the pressure of the tires.
Check the pressure of the tyres.
Check the price.
Check the protocol.
Check the space beneath the burners for any debris.
Check the speedometer.
Check the suitability of the blood for transfusion.
Check the temperature.
Check the thickness of the brake discs.
Check the thickness of your brake discs.
Check the time on your watch.
Check the timetable to see when our train arrives.
Check the timetable to see when our train comes.
Check the timetable to see when our train gets in.
Check the tire pressure.
Check the tools and see if anything is missing.
Check the trash can regularly to ensure it's not overflowing.
Check the tyre pressure.
Check the vocabulary requests for which there are very few or no sentences yet.
Check the weather forecast before going out.
Check the weather.
Check their closet.
Check their heart rate.
Check their nest.
Check their positions.
Check their workplaces.
Check these out.
Check these papers over.
Check this article: https://tatoeba.org/en/sentences/show/12474181.
Check this for me.
Check this one out!
Check this one out.
Check this out! It's from Gábor Szabó's album, called Dreams.
Check this out, yo.
Check this out.
Check this room while I check the adjacent one.
Check this translation with the original.
Check this video.
Check this.
Check to make sure everything else is correct.
Check to make sure everything is correct.
Check to make sure that everything is correct.
Check to see if it's right.
Check to see whether that's right.
Check under the mattress.
Check up on the accuracy of this article.
Check what Tom is doing.
Check what Tom wrote and correct possible mistakes.
Check whether the papayas are ripe.
Check which platform our train leaves from.
Check with Tom.
Check with her.
Check with him.
Check with my secretary.
Check with them.
Check with your local affiliate of our network to find out when the program will be broadcast.
Check with your local recycling program about any food scraps they accept.
Check your answer with Tom's.
Check your answer with his.
Check your answers carefully.
Check your answers with Tom's.
Check your answers with his.
Check your bag at the door.
Check your blanket before spreading your legs.
Check your car before you drive to make sure that your lights are working.
Check your dictionary.
Check your email for important updates.
Check your facts.
Check your hat.
Check your inbox.
Check your laptop.
Check your list.
Check your luggage at the door.
Check your network settings.
Check your order.
Check your phone.
Check your pockets.
Check your privilege.
Check your spam folder.
Check your tire pressure.
Check your tyre pressure.
Check your voice mail.
Check your voicemail.
Check your watch.
Check, please!
Check, please.
Check-in for the flight to Stockholm starts 90 minutes before departure.
Check.
Checkers are played in many different ways, despite their widespread use in all civilized countries.
Checkers are played only on the dark squares.
Checkers are well known in all civilized countries, but they are played in many different ways.
Checkers can be played on a board with 64 (8X8) or 100 (10X10) squares, alternately light and dark.
Checkers is a highly educational pastime due to the extraordinary power of reflection it develops.
Checkers is a mental exercise in which two participants face off executing tactical and strategic plans, setting traps, and plotting combinations, which develop their memory, imagination, and attention.
Checkers is the mother of chess – and a worthy mother.
Checkers? Maybe. Chess? Probably. Go is much more complex than either. Go is my game. Always 10 steps ahead of your opponents or you have no shot.
Checking the clock it was exactly 21:00.
Checkmate!
Checkmate, atheists.
Checkmate.
Checkpoint Charlie was famous.
Checks are accepted.
Checks are widely used in France, even for small payments.
Checks can be cashed.
Checks can be resolved by capturing the attacking piece.
Checks should be made payable to the ABC Company.
Cheeky little boy!
Cheer him up when you see him.
Cheer me up!
Cheer up John. There are more fish in the sea.
Cheer up!
Cheer up! Everything will soon be all right.
Cheer up! I'm sure we'll be saved.
Cheer up! It will soon come out all right.
Cheer up! I’m sure we’ll be saved.
Cheer up! Things are not as bad as you think.
Cheer up! Things are not so bad as you think.
Cheer up! Things aren't as bad as you think.
Cheer up! Tomorrow's going to be another day.
Cheer up, Jack! There's plenty more fish in the sea.
Cheer up, Yanni. It's not the end of the world.
Cheer up.
Cheer up. It's not that bad.
Cheer yourself up.
Cheerful people make you feel good.
Cheerfulness and contentment are great beautifiers, and are famous preservers of youthful looks.
Cheerfulness is absent from his character.
Cheerfulness is the best promoter of health and is as friendly to the mind as to the body.
Cheerleading tryouts are tomorrow.
Cheers and smiles were exchanged as Gunter announced that he intercepted the space probe.
Cheers to out meeting!
Cheers!
Cheers! Good health!
Cheese and butter are made from milk.
Cheese and butter are made of milk.
Cheese and butter are products made from milk.
Cheese and other dairy products do not agree with me.
Cheese can easily be cut with a knife.
Cheese complements wine well.
Cheese cuts easily with a knife.
Cheese doesn't digest easily.
Cheese doesn’t digest easily.
Cheese elevates the dish.
Cheese goes mouldy if you don't put it in the fridge.
Cheese is a solid food made from the milk of cows, goats, sheep, and other mammals.
Cheese is easy to cut with a knife.
Cheese is gold in the morning, silver at noon, and lead in the evening.
Cheese is made from milk.
Cheese is my favorite food.
Cheese is my favourite food.
Cheese is not easily digestible.
Cheese is not easy to digest.
Cheese isn't easily digestible.
Cheese isn't easy to digest.
Cheese makes pasta rich.
Cheese often lures a mouse into a trap.
Cheese oozed from the burger.
Cheese polenta has become one of my favorite recipes for family brunches.
Cheese soufflé is a dish that collapses as soon as it leaves the oven.
Cheese without milk — how does that work?
Cheese!
Cheese, butter, cream, yogurt and kefir are dairy products.
Cheese-lover Pujeh had registered as a judge so that he could enter two parts of the competition. In one, amateur and professional cooks fired up their grills to feed throngs of hungry judges. In the other, visitors received free cheese from corporate sponsors and small businesses while they enjoy performances on the festival's large stage.
Cheeseburgers are also available.
Cheesecake is my favorite cake.
Cheesecloth is probably cheaper at hardware stores than culinary specialty stores.
Cheesemaking is by no means a new industry in the U.S. English colonists and Irish immigrants brought it to New England, while Swiss and German immigrants brought it to Wisconsin.
Cheetahs are diurnal because their hunting technique relies on sight.
Cheetahs can run very fast.
Cheetahs cannot climb trees.
Chef Majed cracks eggs into a mixer and blends mayonnaise when we meet in Washington.
Chemical castration could cause cancer.
Chemical companies are waiting until everything dies down before reinvesting.
Chemical fungicides offer some protection from rust diseases but they are costly and pose threats to the environment.
Chemical products account for approximately two-thirds of our exports.
Chemical propulsion uses a fuel and an oxidizer, converting energy stored in the chemical bonds of the propellants, to produce a short, powerful thrust, or what we see as fire.
Chemical propulsion uses a fuel and an oxidizer, converting energy stored in the chemical bonds of the propellants, to produce a short, powerful thrust.
Chemical symbols are used to identify chemical elements.
Chemical vapors can make you really sick.
Chemicals can kill the ivy.
Chemicals could kill both the ivy and the tree.
Chemicals will be an even bigger business in Algeria.
Chemist Charles Cantrell analyzed properties of the smoke and identified a number of active compounds that repel insects, including — for the first time, he says — triglycerides, a type of fat.
Chemistry can be very complex.
Chemistry gave us plastics.
Chemistry has allowed us to create new materials that can be used in a variety of applications.
Chemistry has made notable progress in recent years.
Chemistry is a marvelous science.
Chemistry is alchemy that works.
Chemistry is an offshoot of alchemy.
Chemistry is an old science.
Chemistry is hard.
Chemistry is the study of matter.
Chemistry is the study of stuff and what it does.
Chemistry isn't the only thing that stinks.
Chemistry students will get it.
Chemotherapy and radiation cause hair loss, because they prevent cell division.
Chemotherapy causes substantial damage to the body.
Chemotherapy turned Tom's hair curly.
Chen is a teacher.
Chen is not American.
Chen is not Korean.
Chen is not a businessperson.
Chen is not a university student.
Chen said the study was undertaken because there's been little research on an association between diabetes and cancer in Asia.
Chennault landed on the covers of Life and Time magazines while commanding the Flying Tigers.
Chenonceau is one of France's most famous chateau.
Cheok said different tastes are triggered by molecules that cause chemical ionization on the surface of the tongue, sending the brain electrical signals of a specific amplitude and frequency that are possible to reproduce with two electrodes.
Cheques are made from paper.
Cheques are made of paper.
Cher Ami was awarded the French Croix de guerre for having delivered several important messages during the war.
Cherchell is a small Algerian city.
Chereographers are the reason why dancing is so good nowadays.
Cherif Omari is Algeria's minister of agriculture.
Cherif Omari is the Algerian agriculture minister.
Cherish every moment.
Cherish our cultural relics; it is all our duty.
Cherish the human in yourself.
Cherish the thought.
Cherish this moment.
Cherish your friends.
Cherokee is a language written with a syllabary.
Cherries are cheaper than redcurrants.
Cherries are delicate fruits that must be picked only by hand.
Cherries are red.
Cherries are ripe in June or July.
Cherries are stone fruit.
Cherries have pits inside.
Cherries have stones in them.
Cherries have stones.
Cherry blossom is very beautiful.
Cherry blossom is wafting down from the trees.
Cherry blossom, cedar and white birch trees provide different flavors of alcohol in Japan.
Cherry blossoms are considered a symbol of Japan.
Cherry blossoms are in full bloom.
Cherry blossoms are very beautiful.
Cherry blossoms last only for a few days, a week at the most.
Cherry blossoms last only for days, a week at the most.
Cherry says, "Your body is like a baobab tree."
Cherry trees are now in bloom in Washington.
Cherry trees are planted along the street.
Chervil is an umbelliferous annual possessing aromatic leaves and somewhat resembling parsley in flavor.
Cheryl loves to blag about how important she is at work.
Chess and checkers are favorites with them.
Chess books were something irreplaceable for him.
Chess can make anyone who wishes to unravel its mysteries happy.
Chess does not rely on chance.
Chess has become a national sport in India.
Chess helps improve reading and concentration.
Chess helps improve reading skills and concentration.
Chess is a battle between two creative minds.
Chess is a fight between two armies: one in white uniform and the other in black uniform.
Chess is a foolish expedient for making idle people believe they are doing something very clever when they are only wasting their time.
Chess is a game that simulates the conflict between two armies.
Chess is a game.
Chess is a gold mine very little explored in journalistic terms, given its captivating connections to science, art, and culture in general, and its huge number of fascinating characters.
Chess is a good companion for life.
Chess is a highly intellectual game.
Chess is a teaching and learning instrument older than chalkboards, printed books, the compass, and the telescope.
Chess is a very difficult game.
Chess is an amusing activity.
Chess is difficult.
Chess is entirely a game of skill, but backgammon includes an element of chance.
Chess is hard.
Chess is like an immense ocean. Checkers is like a deep well.
Chess is like looking across an ocean. Checkers is like looking down a well.
Chess is more difficult to learn than draughts, but draughts is actually much harder than chess.
Chess is my passion.
Chess is not an easy game.
Chess is one of the most popular games in the world, being played by millions of people in amateur and professional tournaments, clubs, schools, over the internet or even by correspondence.
Chess is one of the most popular games in the world.
Chess is the academy of the mind.
Chess is the gymnasium of the mind.
Chess is the gymnastic school of the intellect.
Chess is the most exciting game in the world.
Chess isn't an easy game.
Chess piques the interest of children and adults all over the world.
Chess players are ideal women: they can spend hours in silence, follow the maneuvers well and get to know many interesting positions.
Chess players have to be good at strategic thinking.
Chess players must be good at strategic thinking.
Chess players with prodigious memories perform incredible feats, such as playing blindly, at the same time, a large number of matches.
Chess shackles its master, subduing his mind and brain in such a way that the inner freedom of even the strongest will suffer.
Chess, allegory of a war, is a game of attack and defense.
Chess, that's my passion.
Chessboard consists of 8 rows and 8 columns.
Chessboxing is a sport for real men.
Chest out!
Chester Arthur had been a successful lawyer.
Chestnuts are delicious.
Chestnuts have to be boiled for at least fifteen minutes.
Chew it over for a while and let me know what you think.
Chew slowly so that your brain gets the message that your stomach is full.
Chew with your mouth closed.
Chew your food thoroughly, then swallow.
Chew your food well so it can be digested properly.
Chew your food well.
Chew your food with your mouth closed.
Chewing aspirin is a bad idea.
Chewing gum is a sweet which is made of rubber.
Chewing gum is banned in this school.
Chewing on fennel seeds can keep your breath fresh.
Chewtarou is Mrs Tanaka's dog.
Chewtarou is Mrs Tanaka’s dog.
Cheyenne is the most populous city in Wyoming with a population of almost 92,000 people.
Chia seeds are a superfood.
Chia seeds contain a lot of omega-3 fatty acids.
Chiba Prefecture's capital is Chiba City.
Chicago is often called "the Windy City".
Chicago is the principal city of the Middle West.
Chicago is the principal city of the Midwest.
Chicago is very different from Boston.
Chicago's population is a lot bigger than that of Boston.
Chicken again?
Chicken and rice is Tom's favorite dish.
Chicken eggs are richer in vitamin A than quail eggs.
Chicken is cheap, but beef tastes better.
Chicken is meat.
Chicken meat is white, whereas that of an ox is red.
Chicken meat is white.
Chicken pox is a common childhood disease.
Chicken pox is a common childhood illness.
Chicken pox is a common sickness in children.
Chicken pox is an itchy nuisance for kids.
Chicken pox outbreaks have inspired many children's parties.
Chicken pox outbreaks have inspired many children’s parties.
Chicken tikka masala is now a true British national dish, not only because it is the most popular, but because it is a perfect illustration of the way Britain absorbs and adapts external influences. Chicken tikka is an Indian dish. The masala sauce was added to satisfy the desire of British people to have their meat served in gravy.
Chicken wings are better than meat.
Chicken!
Chicken, please.
Chicken, tuna and soybeans are good sources of protein.
Chickenpox in children is considered a mild illness, but your child will probably feel pretty miserable and irritable while they have it.
Chickenpox is a common illness in children.
Chickens and geese were walking around the yard.
Chickens and pigs forage for food in the hardscrabble earth around wooden houses on stilts.
Chickens and some other animals also get the flu.
Chickens are adorable.
Chickens are people, too.
Chickens cluck.
Chickens evolved from other birds that laid eggs, so the egg came first.
Chickens have feathers.
Chickens in the wild eat more insects and vegetation than grains.
Chickens peep.
Chickens were looking for food.
Chickpeas add a nutty flavor to dishes.
Chickpeas and kidney beans are in the salad.
Chickpeas are a vegan staple.
Chickpeas are a versatile legume.
Chickpeas are essential for vegan diets.
Chickpeas are essential in falafel.
Chickpeas are high in protein.
Chickpeas are so versatile.
Chickpeas are the main ingredient in hummus.
Chickpeas are used in Mediterranean cuisine.
Chickpeas for the win.
Chickpeas make a great protein source.
Chicks dig scars.
Chicks'll dig me!
Chicory may be only a weed around here, but I think the flowers are very pretty.
Chicory root has historically been used as a substitute for coffee during shortages.
Chief among them, says Buchanan, is melatonin, a hormone stimulated by darkness to play a key role in regulating the sleep-wake cycle and cell division. Scientists say reduced melatonin production is a likely factor in the significantly higher cancer rates in night workers, and they propose that modern night lighting contributes to the larger incidence of some cancers in the industrial world.
Chief political reporter Ben Agina of Kenya’s Standard newspaper says that the main concern still to be worked out is achieving a portfolio balance.
Chief, it's all over! The cast is going to be removed! The client is leaving!
Chiefly, I want you to be more frank.
Chigurh carries a suppressed captive bolt pistol, which he uses as his weapon of choice.
Chigurh has an uncanny ability to disappear without a trace.
Chigurh is a character shrouded in mystery and darkness.
Chigurh is a man of few words, choosing to let his actions speak louder than his words.
Chigurh is completely ruthless and shows no hesitation in taking lives.
Chigurh operates outside the boundaries of conventional morality, making him a truly formidable adversary.
Chigurh, a professional assassin, operates with a sense of calculated detachment.
Chilblains are not common in tropical climates.
Child abuse is a crime.
Child abuse is against the law.
Child abuse is wrong.
Child abuse, no matter who does it, is wrong.
Child as he was, he made up his mind to do the work for himself.
Child as he was, he was brave.
Child as he was, he worked hard to help his mother.
Child as she is, she is sociable.
Child as she was, she was brave.
Child as she was, she was not afraid.
Child care is expensive.
Child care is provided.
Child is father of the man.
Child labor is a serious social problem in Brazil.
Child labor is illegal.
Child labour in Brazil is a serious social problem.
Child labour is illegal.
Child marriage is a form of human trafficking.
Child pornography is illegal in most countries, but Saeb wants me to make up sentences about it.
Child sexual abuse is unacceptable.
Child, how did this happen?
Child, my name is Jesus and I'm your father.
Child, why are you crying? Tell me.
Child-care leave and time off to care for the aged are needed in order to respond to demographic changes now taking place in Japan.
Child: "I need to go to the loo." - Mother: "Number one or number two?"
Child: "Mum, I need the loo." Mother: "Number one or number two?"
Childbearing isn't easy.
Childbirth is a necessary evil.
Childhood experiences are the driving force that shape every adult.
Childhood feels like it lasts just a blink.
Childhood gender dysphoria is diagnosed and treated very conservatively.
Childhood gender dysphoria is managed in an extremely conservative way, to the point that many trans children will not be diagnosable with gender dysphoria until they are older.
Childhood is a happy time.
Childhood is a period of rapid growth.
Childhood is a stage of life in which people adopt a large proportion of their eating habits.
Childhood is one of the most important stages in a person's life.
Childhood memories are the sweetest.
Childhood obesity is an epidemic.
Childhood seems so distant now.
Childhood toys do not spark any memories.
Children accept your mistakes and teach you without judgment.
Children all leave the nest one day.
Children all over the world have been placing pictures of rainbows on their windows.
Children always draw the sun smiling.
Children always end up paying for the foolish mistakes of their parents.
Children always find a reason to become friends.
Children always find a reason to make friends.
Children always want to become adults.
Children and drunks don't lie.
Children and drunks tell the truth.
Children and fish do not have a voice.
Children and fools tell the truth.
Children are a blank slate.
Children are a blessing.
Children are a bridge to paradise.
Children are a poor man's riches.
Children are admitted free.
Children are advised to cross the street on crosswalks.
Children are afraid of me.
Children are all foreigners.
Children are always doing some mischief or other.
Children are always learning.
Children are at their cutest when they are crying.
Children are attracted to swings.
Children are being bombed.
Children are being killed.
Children are completely egoistic; they feel their needs intensely and strive ruthlessly to satisfy them.
Children are consuming sugar in amounts well above the limit, which is fixed at 30 grams.
Children are curious about everything.
Children are drawing on the pavement with chalk.
Children are dying.
Children are easily influenced by advertising.
Children are especially vulnerable.
Children are expensive.
Children are feeding pigeons in the square.
Children are fond of adventure.
Children are fond of cake.
Children are full of energy.
Children are happy, and animals, and women, but we humans are not.
Children are holy and pure. Even those of bandits and crocodiles belong among the angels....
Children are human beings.
Children are impatient and restless.
Children are inclined to be disobedient.
Children are innocent.
Children are liable to catch cold.
Children are like little suns, which miraculously bring warmth, happiness and light into our lives.
Children are like seeds. Some grow quickly, with only water; others need a long time and patient care.
Children are likely to be taken in by those sales representatives.
Children are more at risk for lead poisoning.
Children are more likely to get addicted to video games if they lack social skills.
Children are never at rest.
Children are new human beings.
Children are new people.
Children are normally very positive.
Children are not a parent's pets.
Children are not admitted.
Children are not allowed in the front seat.
Children are not allowed in.
Children are not allowed to hug their classmates.
Children are not brought by storks.
Children are not welcome.
Children are nuisances.
Children are often afraid of the dark.
Children are often impatient and restless.
Children are often very good at learning foreign languages.
Children are one of the most wonderful gifts in life.
Children are one thing above all else, and that is loud.
Children are open to the influence of the streets.
Children are open to various influences.
Children are our future.
Children are our successors, our future, the continuation of the people's life.
Children are particularly vulnerable.
Children are people, too.
Children are people.
Children are playing at the back of the house.
Children are playing behind the house.
Children are playing football in the street.
Children are playing hide-and-seek.
Children are playing in the schoolyard.
Children are playing in the snow barefoot.
Children are playing in the street.
Children are playing soccer in the streets.
Children are playing together in the sandbox.
Children are playing with toys.
Children are poor men's riches.
Children are poor men’s riches.
Children are prohibited from smoking.
Children are quick to accustom themselves to new surroundings.
Children are quick to gain orientation to new circumstances.
Children are quite innocent.
Children are really looking forward to summer vacation.
Children are returning to school again.
Children are so innocent and adorable, aren't they?
Children are so vulnerable.
Children are sometimes afraid of the dark.
Children are sometimes impatient.
Children are sometimes wild.
Children are starving in Africa and Asia.
Children are subject to their parents' rules.
Children are subject to their parents’ rules.
Children are the flowers of life.
Children are the flowers of our life.
Children are the flowers of our lives.
Children are the flowers of our lives. Nothing decorates a house better than children carefully set in the corners.
Children are the future.
Children are the hope of tomorrow.
Children are the most wonderful gifts in life.
Children are the true teachers of life.
Children are to be deceived with comfits and men with oaths.
Children are to be deceived with sweets and men with oaths.
Children are to be neither heard nor seen.
Children are to obey their parents.
Children are to the playground what leaves are to the forest.
Children are very curious and ask many questions.
Children are very curious, so they ask all kinds of questions.
Children are very important for the market.
Children are very impressionable.
Children are vulnerable.
Children are welcome to attend, too.
Children aren't allowed back here.
Children aren't allowed in this bar.
Children aren't allowed to do this.
Children aren't naturally obedient any more than they're naturally well mannered.
Children aren't property.
Children aren't safe here.
Children aren’t naturally obedient any more than they’re naturally well mannered.
Children around here don't have many opportunities to swim.
Children ate ice cream on hot days.
Children began to disappear in the area.
Children begin by loving their parents; after a time they judge them; rarely, if ever, do they forgive them.
Children begin school at the age of six.
Children begin school when they are six years old.
Children believe that storks bring babies.
Children belong to themselves.
Children belong with their parents.
Children below the age of 8 have an underdeveloped frontal lobe that might cause them to be unable to separate reality from fantasy. Some of them might believe that there are monsters in their closet or under the bed for example. They are also sometimes unable to distinguish dreams from reality.
Children below the age of 8 have an underdeveloped frontal lobe that might cause them to be unable to separate reality from fantasy. Some of them might believe that there are monsters in their closet or under the bed, for example. They are also sometimes unable to distinguish dreams from reality.
Children bring us a piece of heaven on earth.
Children came running in terror from the different spookhouses along the street.
Children can and do see straight performers do much more sexually suggestive things than read books to them.
Children can be cruel.
Children can be exposed to lead poisoning in any number of ways — through water, for example. But experts agree the most common cause of lead poisoning in children is deteriorating lead-based paint. It's an issue that is being addressed worldwide.
Children can be friendly with anyone.
Children can be messy.
Children can get in free.
Children can make dangerous improvised weapons.
Children can make friends with anyone.
Children can no longer distinguish hens from cows.
Children can play without danger here.
Children can't blame their parents.
Children can't drink wine.
Children can't legally buy cigarettes.
Children can't play in the lobby.
Children can't ride in the front seat.
Children can't smoke; it's not legal.
Children can't swim in this river.
Children can’t smoke; it’s not legal.
Children can’t swim in this river.
Children catch colds easily.
Children collect acorns that have fallen from an oak tree.
Children cry because they want to eat.
Children delight in comic books.
Children depend on their parents for food and clothing.
Children depend on their parents for food, clothing and shelter.
Children depend on their parents.
Children deserve love and protection from their mothers.
Children diagnosed with gender dysphoria are persistent, insistent, and consistent in their gender identity.
Children do a lot of stupid things.
Children do evil things and then forget about them. Animals do evil things without even noticing.
Children do not belong to anyone.
Children don't always listen to their parents.
Children don't grow up speaking pidgin languages; they turn them into real languages: creoles.
Children don't have a concept of good and evil.
Children don't have to work.
Children don't keep still.
Children don't like people who destroy nature.
Children don't like taking baths.
Children don't like the school.
Children don't like to go out in the dark.
Children don't like to shower.
Children don't like to take a bath.
Children don't like to take baths.
Children don't listen to us, they imitate us.
Children don't need their own rooms.
Children don't think like you do.
Children don’t keep still.
Children don’t like going to kindergarten.
Children don’t like to go out in the dark.
Children don’t like to take a bath.
Children don’t seem to feel the cold as much as adults do.
Children drink more water, eat more food and breathe more air per kilogram of body weight than adults.
Children eat apples.
Children enjoy hearing tales.
Children enjoy it.
Children enjoy jumping on trampolines.
Children enjoy making a splash in the water as they come off a waterslide.
Children enjoy this game, but adults don't.
Children enjoying making a splash in water as they come off a waterslide.
Children exhibit a low tolerance for the frustrations of learning.
Children express themselves better when you talk.
Children fare better on average in two-parent homes, including with gay parents, than in one-parent homes.
Children feel things like that.
Children filled the room.
Children five and under are free.
Children five and younger are free.
Children five years and younger are not allowed.
Children found Christmas presents hidden under the bed.
Children generally have a higher body temperature than adults.
Children get tired quickly.
Children get upset when things are not fair.
Children get upset when things aren't fair.
Children go back to school in autumn.
Children go from school to home.
Children go through phases.
Children go to school to learn things.
Children go to school.
Children grow up astonishingly quickly.
Children grow up fast.
Children grow up quickly.
Children grow up really fast.
Children grow up so fast.
Children grow up so quickly.
Children grow up very fast.
Children grow up very quickly.
Children grow very quickly.
Children hate annoying teachers.
Children hate cod liver oil.
Children hate making teachers angry.
Children hate this stuff.
Children have 20 baby teeth.
Children have a snack after school.
Children have a tendency to become rebellious.
Children have always been amongst the most dedicated admirers of shiny, bright shop windows.
Children have always liked you.
Children have always made me feel so uneasy when being surrounded by any of them and they've always caused me a huge feeling of discomfort whenever I'm around them.
Children have an innate sense of justice.
Children have baby teeth.
Children have everything, except what we take away from them.
Children have fewer teeth.
Children have much shorter attention spans than adults.
Children have priority.
Children have problems that their parents don't understand.
Children have problems that their parents don’t understand.
Children have rights, too.
Children have started hanging drawings of rainbows from their windows.
Children have summer holidays.
Children have to go to bed early.
Children have to learn foreign languages.
Children have to move a lot and can't eat many sweets, or else they get fat.
Children have too many toys today.
Children have twenty baby teeth.
Children haven't learned how to self-censor, and are likely to say very inappropriate things at very inappropriate times.
Children hustled off to school, their voices echoing down the narrow streets and alleys.
Children imitate their friends rather than their parents.
Children imitate their parents' habits.
Children imitate their parents.
Children imitate their parents’ habits.
Children imitate their peers rather than their parents.
Children in Spain receive their gifts on the day of the Three Kings.
Children in day care are more likely to get sick than ones who stay home.
Children in the town were taken away for safety.
Children installed a memorial plaque to the glacier, now called just "Ok,'' its name missing "jokull", the Icelandic word for glacier.
Children instinctively know what goes on between their parents.
Children interrupted her.
Children interrupted him.
Children joined the bucket brigade, eager to help their parents fight the flames.
Children jump from here to there and play with everything they encounter.
Children just go with the flow. They don't overthink things. We need to be like them sometimes.
Children just need some attention.
Children know what happens between their parents.
Children learn at school.
Children learn by example.
Children learn by watching what adults around them do.
Children learn from adults.
Children learn language without being taught.
Children learn languages very quickly.
Children learn more from what you are than what you teach.
Children learn quickly.
Children learn to read by being in the presence of books.
Children learn to respond to rhythmical sounds from a very young age.
Children learn to swim in school today.
Children learn to talk without being taught.
Children learn writing at school.
Children learn, and adults work.
Children like animals.
Children like cake.
Children like candy.
Children like chocolate.
Children like climbing trees.
Children like cookies.
Children like drawing pictures.
Children like drawing.
Children like drinking fruit juice.
Children like fairy tales.
Children like fruit juice.
Children like gummy bears.
Children like ice cream.
Children like imitating their parents.
Children like jelly babies.
Children like outdoor activities.
Children like playing more than studying.
Children like playing on the beach.
Children like playing outside.
Children like puppies and kittens.
Children like sweets.
Children like those who scold them with love.
Children like to beat drums.
Children like to drink fruit juice.
Children like to explore.
Children like to explore. This can be dangerous.
Children like to play in the snow.
Children like to play outside now.
Children like to play outside.
Children like to play the drums.
Children like to play the hide-and-seek game.
Children like to pretend to be adults when they play.
Children like to put olives on the end of their fingers.
Children like to watch TV.
Children like to watch cartoons.
Children like watching television.
Children like yogurt.
Children live there.
Children live with their parents.
Children look up to the grownups around them and see how the grownups around them are responding to such an event.
Children love Halloween.
Children love animals.
Children love cake.
Children love cakes.
Children love chips with everything.
Children love dogs.
Children love doing this.
Children love football.
Children love magic tricks.
Children love playing on the beach.
Children love playing with Lego.
Children love playing with squirt guns in the summer to stay cool.
Children love secrets and they love to tell them.
Children love sweets.
Children love to dig in the sand.
Children love to play in the soil.
Children love to sing.
Children love virtual reality games.
Children may imitate you.
Children may participate as well.
Children may participate, too.
Children must always be polite to older people in France.
Children must be accompanied by adults.
Children must be allowed to express themselves spontaneously at their own pace and rhythm.
Children must go to bed early without watching television.
Children must not spend too much time in front of screens.
Children must obey their parents and parents must obey their employers.
Children need a happy home environment.
Children need a lot of sleep.
Children need affection and love.
Children need care.
Children need limits in order to feel secure.
Children need love above all.
Children need love and attention.
Children need love, especially when they don't deserve it.
Children need love.
Children need loving.
Children need many things, but above all they need love.
Children need models more than critics.
Children need more sleep than adults do.
Children need more sleep than adults.
Children need not know every detail of the family budget.
Children need sleep.
Children need to be disciplined.
Children need to be fed.
Children need to be taught to resist peer pressure.
Children need to have a home.
Children need to learn to read.
Children need to play.
Children no longer go to school.
Children normally trust their parents.
Children of age sixteen and under will not be admitted to the theatre.
Children of immigrants, who are born in United States, often struggle to understand their own identity.
Children of men over 40 have a significantly higher risk of autism than those fathered by younger men, according to a study in the September issue of the journal Archives of General Psychiatry.
Children of six and above should attend school.
Children of Åazarz think their mother Felicja is the most beautiful woman in the world.
Children of Łazarz think their mother Felicja is the most beautiful woman in the world.
Children often ask me for money.
Children often believe in fairy tales.
Children often blame themselves when their parents divorce.
Children often bother their parents.
Children often cry just because they want some attention.
Children often cry just to attract attention.
Children often die in the bathtub.
Children often do stupid things.
Children often drink cow's milk.
Children often enjoy finger-painting.
Children often find it easier to learn to rollerblade than adults do.
Children often find rollerblading easier to learn than adults do.
Children often hate spinach.
Children often imitate their parents.
Children often live in a world of fancy.
Children often live in a world of fantasy.
Children often look for excuses when it comes to bedtime.
Children often make mistakes.
Children often rub their eyes when they are tired.
Children often say stupid things.
Children often send letters to Santa with their wishes.
Children often swim in the lake.
Children often try to imitate their elders.
Children often use construction paper to make crafts.
Children often want to do things that are dangerous without knowing that they are dangerous.
Children often wet their beds at night.
Children play in the park every day.
Children play in the yard.
Children play in this park every day.
Children play with blocks.
Children play with the ball on the road.
Children play with toys.
Children play with various kinds of toys.
Children played around the tree.
Children played in the garden.
Children played tag in the sunny meadow.
Children quickly adapt themselves to their new life.
Children quickly break their toys if they're of poor quality.
Children raised by gay and lesbian couples fare no worse than those raised by straight couples.
Children raised in chaos end up in jail.
Children ran around the room.
Children ran out of the building and came to hug the teacher.
Children really do grow quickly.
Children really do grow up quickly.
Children really like playing on the beach.
Children reflect the family atmosphere.
Children require much sleep.
Children run quickly.
Children say such stupid things.
Children seek approval from their parents.
Children seem increasingly unable to tolerate frustration.
Children should always be encouraged.
Children should always be obedient.
Children should always mix their wine, with at least two-thirds water.
Children should always show great forbearance toward grown-up people.
Children should attend a school.
Children should be allowed to be children.
Children should be encouraged to play.
Children should be in the school.
Children should be kept away from the pond.
Children should be protected.
Children should be quiet.
Children should be seen and not heard.
Children should be silent.
Children should be taught basic swimming and water safety skills.
Children should be taught not to tell lies.
Children should be taught to share.
Children should be taught to speak the truth.
Children should drink milk every day.
Children should go first.
Children should go to bed early.
Children should go to school.
Children should grow up carefree.
Children should keep away from the danger.
Children should keep away from the danger. It's dangerous.
Children should keep away from the danger. It’s dangerous.
Children should keep away from the river. It's dangerous.
Children should keep away from the river. It’s dangerous.
Children should keep quiet.
Children should learn early on to use a spoon well.
Children should learn to dress themselves.
Children should never be spanked.
Children should not be drinking wine.
Children should not be given more money than is needed.
Children should not be spoiled.
Children should not drink wine.
Children should not have more money than is needed.
Children should obey authority.
Children should obey their elders, mind you.
Children should obey their parents.
Children should only speak when they're spoken to.
Children should play outside.
Children should spend more time outdoors kicking a ball around and less time indoors looking at tablets, television and computers.
Children should stay with their parents.
Children shouldn't be drinking wine.
Children shouldn't be in here.
Children shouldn't be spoiled.
Children shouldn't drink wine.
Children shouldn't eat this.
Children shouldn't use bad language.
Children sometimes have imaginary friends.
Children sometimes lack patience.
Children sometimes misbehave.
Children suck the mother when they are young, and the father when they are old.
Children surely have their own will to be independent.
Children sweeten labours, but they make misfortunes more bitter.
Children that live in homes with vinyl floors are more likely to have autism.
Children these days aren't disciplined at all.
Children these days don't go to school, but instead receive information intravenously.
Children these days need to learn the King's English.
Children think they're invincible.
Children threw stones at him.
Children touch everything.
Children try to educate their parents as best they can.
Children under 10 are not admitted.
Children under 10 travel for free.
Children under 18 are not admitted.
Children under age five are free.
Children under five will be admitted free.
Children under the age of twelve will be admitted free.
Children under thirteen years of age are not admitted to this swimming pool.
Children under three are admitted free of charge.
Children understand everything.
Children used to look up to their parents; now they are inclined to regard them as equals.
Children usually get up early on Christmas.
Children usually have faith in their parents.
Children usually look up to great athletes.
Children usually pick up foreign languages very quickly.
Children usually think and behave like their parents.
Children usually trust their parents.
Children usually won't eat what they don't like.
Children walk around from door to door on Halloween night.
Children want fruit juice.
Children want their way and are bound to get into arguments.
Children want to act like grown-ups.
Children want to hear the same story over and over again.
Children watch adults.
Children wear you out.
Children were apt to invent their own games.
Children were crying.
Children were playing hopscotch in the schoolyard.
Children were playing in a sandbox and their mothers were sitting on the bench not far from them, watching them.
Children were playing in the schoolyard.
Children were recruited from urban daycare centers.
Children were running to and fro in the park.
Children were used as cannon fodder.
Children were used for cannon fodder.
Children who are impolite annoy me.
Children who are sixteen years old or younger may not enter the theater.
Children who are thirsty should drink water.
Children who have fewer friends or are bullied or isolated at school tend to have higher rates of anxiety, depression and some developmental delays.
Children who spend more time outdoors have a lower risk of myopia.
Children whose parents are dead are referred to as "orphans".
Children whose parents are rich do not know how to use money.
Children will be the keynote speakers at a meeting in Australia starting Thursday aimed at reinvigorating outdoor play to help tackle “an epidemic of social isolation and loneliness."
Children will believe what their parents tell them.
Children will catch butterflies.
Children will grow even if you leave them alone.
Children will often cry when they're frightened.
Children will produce beautiful works when they grow up.
Children will return home from school.
Children with guns make me nervous.
Children won't eat what they don't like.
Children work in this textile factory in conditions close to slavery making clothes for a well-known brand.
Children your age usually can't do that.
Children's books are a rich source of central vocabulary or at least of vocabulary central to the lives of children.
Children's laughter could be heard in the distance.
Children's lives have been a game.
Children's programming. All day long.
Children's rights are universal.
Children's shows shouldn't be sexualized.
Children, as well as adults, crave love and attention.
Children, believe the words of your parents!
Children, daddy's back, and he has brought each of you a gift!
Children, don't bother grandmother!
Children, fools and drunkards tell the truth.
Children, have a sit.
Children, it's time for you to come home!
Children, let us go pray! A miracle has happened!
Children, listen!
Children, no matter which language they are acquiring, tend to hit language milestones at the same time. Danish children, however, because of the complexity of Danish phonology, tend to be delayed. Although most languages are difficult because of their differences to one's mother tongue, Danish might be objectively difficult.
Children, the elderly, and the poor are most vulnerable to a range of climate-related health effects, including those related to heat stress, air pollution, extreme weather events, and diseases carried by food, water, and insects.
Children, wake up!
Children, we're eating.
Children, when they are little, make fools of their parents.
Childrens' constant energy exhausts me quickly.
Chile has banned plastic bags.
Chile is a prosperous Latin American economy.
Chile is not China.
Chile is waiting for your return!
Chile isn't China.
Chile, which is one of South America's most earthquake and tsunami-prone nations, has seen the difference tougher building codes and other measures can make.
Chili powder is greatly used in Indian cooking.
Chili powder is often used in Indian cooking.
Chill it on ice.
Chill out now. Calm down.
Chill out!
Chill out, Tom.
Chill out, dude!
Chill out.
Chill well before serving.
Chill!
Chill-out.
Chill.
Chillax, bro.
Chillax.
Chilli is much used in Indian cooking.
Chilling atoms to within one ten billionth of a degree above 0 Kelvin causes them to slow down significantly, making them easier to study.
Chills came over me.
Chills rushed over me.
Chilo advised not to speak evil of the dead.
Chilton’s surprising discovery was that the bacterium inserts that piece of its DNA into the plant cell’s genes, and that DNA becomes a permanent part of the plant cell’s genetic makeup — something that had never been seen before.
Chimpanzees and bonobos share almost ninety-nine percent of our DNA or deoxyribonucleic acid.
Chimpanzees and dolphins are political animals.
Chimpanzees are our more intelligent cousins.
Chimpanzees are social animals.
Chimpanzees can grow to be up to 180 cm in height.
Chimpanzees can learn remarkable tricks.
Chimpanzees can throw stones when they feel threatened.
Chimpanzees have been known to maul their owners.
Chimpanzees mostly eat fruit.
Chimpanzees normally have their first child at age 13, humans at age 19.
Chimps are immensely strong.
Chimps are much stronger than humans.
Chimps are social animals.
Chimps can be extremely aggressive.
Chin up!
Chin up, chest out.
China accumulates much of Algeria's total foreign investment.
China adopted a hardcore capitalistic economic.
China always wins.
China and India are the two most populous countries.
China and Japan differ in many points.
China and Mongolia are separated by the Great Wall of China.
China and North Korea have common interests: They both want the US out of East Asia.
China and Russia want to dethrone the US.
China and Russia want to end American dominance across the globe.
China and Taiwan will eventually be united.
China and the EU are Algeria's major import partners.
China and the EU keep doing business with Algeria.
China and the USSR supported Algeria.
China argues it has a historical claim to the South China Sea dating back to the naval expedition in the 15th century.
China assured its support for Algeria.
China became a large economy.
China became a shadow of itself.
China became the world's largest exporter in 2010, and the largest trading nation in 2013.
China began producing inexpensive products for the world but eventually moved slowly into the luxury market.
China believes in science.
China built a military installation on Woody Island with an airfield and artificial harbor.
China buys Algeria's oil.
China calls for the speedy resumption of negotiations between Palestine and Israel.
China can build its nuclear reactors without the help of foreign companies.
China can help Algeria modernize its infrastructure.
China can invade Taiwan.
China can invade the island of Taiwan.
China can repair its satellites in space.
China can send robots to repair its satellites in space.
China can sink US aircraft carriers.
China can teach the US a good lesson in the Far East.
China can win.
China can't control the spread of the pandemic.
China can't get its viral situation under control.
China claims Taiwan as a part of its territory.
China claims Taiwan.
China considers Pelosi's visit as a threat to its sovereignty.
China considers Taiwan a rebellious province.
China considers Taiwan part of it.
China considers Taiwan part of its territory.
China continues to lose arable land because of erosion and urbanization.
China could even invade Taiwan if Nancy Pelosi dares to visit the province.
China could hit US bases in Japan and Guam.
China could resort to all-out invasion.
China could resort to all-out war.
China could use force to prevent Pelosi from visiting Taiwan.
China created a splendid civilization.
China desires to fully retake Taiwan.
China developed very quickly.
China doesn't consider Taiwan a country.
China doesn't lecture nations on how they should manage their internal affairs. It just wants to do business.
China doesn't want to be encircled by the US.
China doesn't want to disrupt the one-party rule that it created.
China eased its exchange rate controls last month in a move aimed at damping complaints from its trading partners that it has artificially kept its exports cheap with a weak yuan.
China experienced a massive economic transformation.
China experienced mass industrialization.
China feels strong.
China flies its military aircraft into Taiwan's airspace.
China flies military aircraft into Taiwan's air border.
China flies military aircraft into Taiwan's air space dozens of times per day.
China gained lots of technological secrets from the best international companies.
China gives me many different impressions.
China has 80 or 90 languages.
China has Chinese characteristics.
China has a growing middle class.
China has a lot of natural resources.
China has a massive military.
China has a new middle class.
China has a very capitalistic free market.
China has about 25 times the area of Japan.
China has already invested a fortune to improve infrastructure in Algeria.
China has also financed billions of dollars of infrastructure projects like roads, ports and railroads across the continent.
China has become a superpower.
China has become so powerful.
China has become the world's factory over the decades.
China has become the world's second-largest e-tail market, with estimates as high as $210 billion for revenues in 2012 and a compound annual growth rate (year-over-year) of 120 percent since 2003.
China has blossomed into a highly developed country.
China has changed a lot since 1995 and the West has to acknowledge that.
China has changed and the US has to acknowledge that.
China has direct interests in Algeria.
China has finally started to kick the US out of the Far East.
China has good ties with Africa.
China has had the fastest economic growth rate in the world in the last decade.
China has imposed a no-fly zone over several disputed islands in the East China Sea.
China has invested billions of dollars in Algeria.
China has invested significant money in Algeria.
China has landed their first jet on an aircraft carrier.
China has launched the world's first quantum satellite.
China has learned from the past.
China has many development projects in Algeria.
China has massive cities of over ten million people.
China has more than a billion inhabitants.
China has never renounced the right to employ force to take over Taiwan.
China has no right to impose its rule on the people of Taiwan.
China has nuclear missiles that the US can't detect.
China has one of the most powerful military on earth.
China has projects in Algeria.
China has pumped billions of dollars into Algeria.
China has so far built or refurbished parliaments in some 15 African countries, including the Republic of Congo, Liberia, Mozambique, the Seychelles and Guinea Bissau, as well as other government buildings such as Burundi’s presidential palace and the African Union headquarters in Ethiopia.
China has some of the most fertile lands in the world.
China has some of the richest people in the world.
China has started building a military base on the Paracel Islands.
China has striven for years to develop cutting-edge technologies.
China has the means to destroy your aircraft carriers.
China has the most people of any country in the world.
China has the most submarines.
China has the right to protect its territorial integrity.
China has to move from an assembly-copying-manufacturing economy to a knowledge-services-innovation economy.
China has ushered in the Year of the Rabbit with firework extravaganzas — an age-old custom to ward off evil spirits and beckon good fortune — and family gatherings.
China has violated its treaty with Japan.
China imports energy from abroad.
China imports oil by ships.
China intimidates Taiwan.
China is Algeria's largest trading partner.
China is Algeria's primary import partner.
China is North Korea, but with Chinese characteristics.
China is a capitalist country.
China is a country of the future and always will be.
China is a country with a long history.
China is a good place to be as an Arabic teacher.
China is a great country.
China is a huge country.
China is a huge global player.
China is a large country.
China is a large economy.
China is a leading exporter of arms.
China is a linguistically diverse country.
China is a major buyer of Algeria's oil.
China is a major economic power, with one of the fastest growing economies in the world.
China is a major investor in Algeria.
China is a power that the US shouldn't mess with.
China is a powerful country.
China is a sleeping tiger, but once it wakes up, it will shock the world.
China is a society where everyone is tracked.
China is a success story like no other.
China is a superpower.
China is about twenty-five times as large as Japan.
China is afraid of Islamic separatism in the Xinjiang region.
China is ahead of us.
China is also a close ally of Algeria.
China is also the island's number one destination for foreign direct investment.
China is an active investor in Algeria.
China is an advocate for the Diaoyu Islands' sovereignty.
China is an emerging market.
China is an incredibly important country for the EU.
China is becoming more powerful than the US.
China is becoming powerful.
China is beginning to flex its technological muscles.
China is bigger than Japan.
China is building a bunch of infrastructure in Algeria.
China is building a huge stadium in Baraki, south of Algiers.
China is building islands.
China is buying its way into Algeria.
China is buying up mines in the Congo.
China is called "Zhongguo" in Chinese.
China is certainly Algeria's largest trading partner.
China is conquering the world with its economy while Americans are still chasing Bigfoot.
China is deploying nuclear missiles near Taiwan.
China is determined to bring Taiwan back under the control of Beijing.
China is developing very quickly.
China is dramatically increasing its investments in artificial intelligence research and development.
China is eliminating poverty.
China is encircling Taiwan.
China is exploring lithium deposits in Ecuador.
China is facing a problem with exploding watermelons.
China is famous for copying products from the West.
China is feeling confident now.
China is flexing its military might in the region.
China is flexing its military might near Taiwan.
China is flexing its muscles in the region.
China is flexing on Taiwan.
China is flooding the Algerian markets.
China is growing. No one can stop China now.
China is helping Algeria modernize its infrastructure.
China is helping Algeria.
China is in Africa and it's most welcome!
China is in Africa.
China is in Asia.
China is incorporating Algeria into its Belt and Road strategy.
China is investing a lot in Algeria.
China is investing billions of dollars in Algeria.
China is investing billions of dollars in construction in Algeria.
China is investing in Africa.
China is investing significant money in Algeria.
China is larger than Japan.
China is leading a campaign to weaken Taiwan.
China is leading the world in the deployment of face recognition technology.
China is looking for new sources of energy.
China is much bigger than Japan.
China is much larger than Japan.
China is now beginning to remove restrictions in Wuhan by allowing a gradual return to economic activity.
China is now the world's second largest economy.
China is one of Algeria's biggest trading partner.
China is one of Algeria's largest trade partners.
China is one of Algeria's largest trading partners.
China is one of Algeria's most important partners.
China is one of the largest investors in Algeria.
China is openly spying on the United States.
China is performing well in Africa.
China is perhaps the only country in the world where the temperature is controlled by the government.
China is planning more projects in Algeria.
China is pouring billions of dollars into Africa. Westerners are pouring weapons, mercenaries, and terrorists into the same continent.
China is promoting trade with Central Asia.
China is ready to invade Taiwan.
China is ready to use force to resolve the Taiwan question.
China is resisting.
China is rich in natural resources.
China is said to be playing hardball in the Southern Seas.
China is sending diplomats to the United States.
China is sending very clear messages to the US.
China is showing a big interest in Algeria.
China is staking its claim to the South China Sea.
China is swamping the world with its products.
China is the biggest country in Asia.
China is the factory of the world.
China is the largest country in Asia.
China is the largest country situated wholly in Asia.
China is the largest producer and consumer of coal in the world.
China is the most populated country in the world.
China is the most populous country in the world.
China is the second most important global power.
China is the world's leading producer of rice.
China is the world’s leading producer of rice.
China is threatening to take Taiwan back by force.
China is thriving.
China is twenty times as large as Japan.
China is twenty times bigger than Japan.
China is way better than most nations.
China is way more powerful than Taiwan.
China is well placed to build ties in Africa.
China is winning.
China is working on developing strong artificial intelligence.
China is working to modernize its weapons program.
China isn't actually that powerful.
China isn't afraid of war.
China isn't scared of the US.
China joined the World Trade Organization in 2001.
China just wants to do business.
China lifted millions of people out of poverty.
China looks unlikely to follow orders from the United States.
China makes big bets.
China managed to integrate itself with the West.
China monitors Taiwan's every move.
China must take over Taiwan.
China needed to be rebuilt.
China needs Algerian oil.
China needs oil and Algeria has it.
China needs oil and Algeria has lots of it.
China needs to collect and store more water.
China needs to deny Taiwan's military the ability to respond effectively against an invasion.
China needs to eliminate poverty.
China needs to invade Taiwan and kick the US out of the region.
China needs to maintain its global influence.
China needs to protect its sovereignty and territorial integrity.
China needs to remind the US who is boss in the Far East.
China obviously is not communist, so its motivation for imperialist aggression in Taiwan is purely centered on power.
China offered Greece financial aid.
China opened the 2010 World Exposition in Shanghai on Saturday with a lavish show and hundreds of thousands of visitors.
China owns about 50% of Tajikistan's outstanding debt.
China promised to stay out of Hong Kong's democratic process.
China quarantined entire cities as the coronavirus spread.
China rapidly developed its strength.
China really helps Algeria's economy.
China rebuilt its economy.
China rebuilt itself.
China recently overtook the United States as the world's top polluter. A new report published by Asia Society and the Pew Center on Global Climate Change urges the United States and China to collaborate on ways to reduce their contributions to global warming.
China remains a great civilization.
China reserves itself the right to employ force to take over Taiwan.
China resisted.
China saw immense economic miracles.
China sends diplomats to the United States.
China shares borders with Pakistan, India, Afghanistan, Tajikistan, Kyrgyzstan, Kazakhstan, North Korea, Laos, Vietnam, Nepal, Bhutan, Myanmar, Mongolia and Russia.
China should block US ships from accessing Taiwan.
China should blockade Taiwan immediately.
China should do this forcibly.
China should establish a military base in the Solomon Islands.
China should invade Taiwan as soon as possible.
China should invade Taiwan immediately.
China should invade Taiwan.
China should invade the island of Taiwan.
China should kick the US out of East Asia.
China should lay siege to Taiwan.
China should prevent US ships from approaching Taiwan.
China should prevent the US from sailing through the Strait of Taiwan.
China should, can and will invade Taiwan.
China sponsored dozens of Chinese Muslims to study in Cairo.
China stated that it respects the independence, sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine.
China still produces too many GHG.
China threatened the US with grave consequences if Nancy Pelosi visited Taiwan.
China transformed from a poor country into an industrial behemoth.
China usually flies military aircraft into Taiwan's air border.
China wants Taiwan to return to its fold.
China wants to fully retake Taiwan.
China wants to intimidate Taiwan.
China was descending further and further into decline.
China was humiliated by Western powers.
China was invaded by Japan.
China was invaded by Western powers in the 19th century.
China was invaded by its neighbor, Japan.
China was isolated for hundreds of years.
China was the one of the first countries to recognize Algeria.
China was thriving.
China will always be on the side of dialogue.
China will always be on the side of peace.
China will annex Taiwan.
China will attack Taiwan.
China will buy minerals from Algeria.
China will capture Taiwan.
China will control all of the trade in that area.
China will control all of the trade in that region.
China will control all of the trade in the region.
China will defend its territorial integrity.
China will fight Taiwan on the water, in the air and on land.
China will forbid the US Navy from operating in the South China Sea. This will be a first step in kicking the US out of the Far East.
China will force Taiwan to reunite with it.
China will forcibly invade Taiwan.
China will invade Taiwan through Fujian.
China will invade Taiwan. This is inevitable.
China will launch an amphibious attack to invade Taiwan.
China will make Taiwan pay an extremely high cost for Pelosi's visit to Taipei.
China will need to deploy hundreds of thousands of troops to invade Taiwan.
China will occupy and annex Taiwan.
China will remind the US who's boss in East Asia.
China will send hundreds of thousands of troops and loads of equipment to invade Taiwan.
China will send troops to Taiwan.
China will start military exercises near Taiwan.
China will take over Taiwan.
China will use its big powerful army to go take Taiwan.
China will use its big powerful army to take Taiwan.
China will win.
China won't back down this time.
China won't hesitate to invade Taiwan.
China's 1911 Xinhai revolution marked the overthrow of the Qing dynasty and abruptly ended 2000 years of almost uninterrupted dynastic rule.
China's Finance Ministry released a list of 16 items spread across two lists that would not be subjected to additional tariffs, including shrimp, industrial grease, an advanced cancer fighting machine, lubricating oil and various other chemicals.
China's activity in Algeria is commercial in nature.
China's all-female Math Olympiad gets underway in Wuhan on August 11th, and for the first time since the contest began in 2002, a team from the United States will be among the international competitors.
China's claim to Taiwan is not valid.
China's desert supports more people than are in Japan.
China's developing too quickly.
China's economy is flourishing.
China's economy is joining the prosperity happening around the world.
China's growth rate is the fastest in human history.
China's health authorities are taking steps to stop the spread of the coronavirus.
China's leaders believe that by producing more energy, the country can stimulate dynamic economic growth.
China's military makes the US freak out.
China's power is growing at an incredibly fast rate.
China's rise doesn't align with the West's economic interests. That's why the West has become very critical of the Chinese Commuist Party.
China's rise is not in the West's interest.
China's statistics are often considered as opaque and should be taken with a grain of salt.
China's technological development will soon put the West to shame.
China's territory is vast, thus the types of tea vary.
China's the only country where three people can eat at a mid-range hotpot buffet for only 5 RMB, but a hamburger costs five times as much. Figure that one out!
China, otherwise known as the People's Republic of China, is located in east Asia, on the western coast of the Pacific ocean.
Chinatown is in Yamashitacho of Naka-ku.
China’s desert supports more people than are in Japan.
China’s developing too quickly.
China’s global influence has expanded rapidly in recent years.
Chinese American actress Anna Mae Wong wanted to play the female lead in “The Good Earth,” but she did not get the role. “The reason why Anna Mae Wong wasn’t cast was because of this production law that was part of Hollywood. The industry itself put up a production law, and part of the clause was this anti-miscegenation clause that said that you could not have interracial romances on-screen,” said Yuen.
Chinese Grandmaster Ding Liren (32) makes a stunning and fatal mistake in the 14th game of the World Chess Championship 2024 staged in Singapore and loses the title to Indian GM Gukesh Dommaraju (18), the youngest World Chess Champion in history.
Chinese New Year in New York is about more than fireworks, dragon parades and red good luck bunting: there's also the erhu, the pipa and other traditional Chinese instruments that remain unfamiliar to many Americans.
Chinese Pidgin English is extinct in China.
Chinese aircraft fly over Taiwan.
Chinese and Italian are the most beautiful languages in the world.
Chinese and Japanese are really difficult languages to read.
Chinese and Japanese are very difficult languages to read.
Chinese and Korean tourists have supplanted Japanese tourists in the last few years.
Chinese and Spanish are beautiful and widely spoken languages. Anyone who is fluent in either will experience a rich culture and history of each nation.
Chinese and Turkish businesses are all around in Algeria.
Chinese authorities have begun to claim victory over the deadly coronavirus.
Chinese banks began to prohibit the use of digital currencies in 2013 and stepped up regulations after 2016.
Chinese bikes have flooded the market in Algeria.
Chinese businesses are perfectly entitled to purchase infrastructure in Europe.
Chinese calligraphy is considered an art form.
Chinese characters are difficult to learn.
Chinese characters are difficult to read.
Chinese characters are made up of common tropes.
Chinese characters are very beautiful.
Chinese children are especially good at maths.
Chinese children love rice with sauce.
Chinese coastal cities are generally more developed than the inland ones.
Chinese companies are extracting oil in Algeria.
Chinese companies are helping Algeria.
Chinese diver Chen Aisen earned a perfect score on his last dive.
Chinese doesn't emphasize words in the same way as English.
Chinese firms have embarked on a quest to conquer the world market.
Chinese food is no less delicious than French.
Chinese food is no less nice than French food is.
Chinese food was served in small portions which did not require cutting with a knife or fork.
Chinese girls are cute.
Chinese grammar is less complicated than Tagalog's.
Chinese herbal medicine shops in Taiwan are struggling to survive because of a quirk in Taiwanese law.
Chinese ideograms are very pretty.
Chinese investment in Algeria is increasing.
Chinese investment plays a growing role in the infrastructure and energy sectors.
Chinese is a language that has four tones.
Chinese is a monosyllabic language.
Chinese is a tonal language.
Chinese is always harder than any other language.
Chinese is difficult.
Chinese is divided into ten major dialect groups.
Chinese is harder than other foreign languages.
Chinese is more difficult than other foreign languages.
Chinese is much more difficult than other foreign languages.
Chinese is my mother tongue.
Chinese is not too difficult to learn.
Chinese is the language with most native speakers in the world.
Chinese is too easy to learn.
Chinese is useful, but difficult. If I were to speak Chinese, I could speak with many people, as China is enormous.
Chinese jets fly over Taiwan.
Chinese journalists at a major newspaper have gone on strike to protest against censorship.
Chinese language works much better than English in this market.
Chinese men are real rogues but that's how it is, can't help it.
Chinese military aircraft will prevent Pelosi from landing in Taiwan.
Chinese military buildup is crazy.
Chinese newspapers are supervised by the government who maintains the right to change content to match the current party line.
Chinese officials say economic growth has dropped to a three-year low because of the world economy.
Chinese people are quite worried right now because of the pandemic.
Chinese people are so inscrutable.
Chinese people count from one to ten with one hand.
Chinese people don't have an alphabet. They have a different symbol for every word.
Chinese people have a big red flag and a little red book.
Chinese people have the most patriotic stomachs.
Chinese philosophy is the best.
Chinese phone companies are beginning to make serious inroads into the US market.
Chinese scientists have created genetically engineered micropigs.
Chinese sounds like a hard language to learn.
Chinese sounds so musical.
Chinese stores have started to open in Algiers.
Chinese strategists are said to be go players, whereas Western ones have the reputation of being chess players.
Chinese support is becoming increasingly important in Algeria.
Chinese troops will invade Taiwan.
Chinese universities are competitive.
Chinese whispers is a game played around the world, in which one person whispers a message to another, which is passed through a line of people until the last player announces the message to the entire group.
Chinese women are very difficult to understand.
Ching Shih was a female pirate who commanded a fleet of 1,500 ships and 80,000 sailors.
Chinks eat a lot of rice.
Chinook Jargon was once widespread in the Pacific Northwest.
Chipmunks hibernate during winter.
Chips are back on sale in the canteen.
Chips are my favorite food.
Chips with mayonnaise is delicious!
Chiqui is a good parrot.
Chiqui is a parrot that speaks Esperanto.
Chirality or chiral describes a nonsuperimposable mirror image, like left and right hands. Usually in chemistry the term is used to describe a pair of molecules that have the same formulas, but form a pair of structures.
Chirgurh is known for his relentless pursuit of his targets, displaying an almost supernatural determination.
Chiro doesn't like lychees, being a cat.
Chiro is a cat, so he doesn't like litchi.
Chirona is a Spanish colloquial term for a prison or jail.
Chiropractic is a massage technique to put the vertebrae back in the right position, but it is not part of medicine itself.
Chitin is a polysaccharide.
Chivalry is the championing of the weak.
Chivalry isn't dead.
Chivell has decided to step in. He is installing small fiberglass igloos for the penguins to use as nests.
Chiyonofuji carried all before him.
Chizuko said, "A crane is supposed to live for one thousand years."
Chișinău is the capital of Moldova.
Chloe Cole claims puberty blockers cause sterilization, but her lawsuit against her doctors does not claim she suffered any such thing.
Chloe Cole is a soulless, mindless grifter who says whatever she's paid to say.
Chloe Cole is a woman.
Chloe Cole wants to give detransitioners a voice.
Chloe always started her nighttime ablutions by washing her face.
Chloe arranged a fruit platter.
Chloe can bear witness to my skill as a herdsman; fifty she-goats were given to my charge, and their number is now fully doubled.
Chloe compared the black hair of Daphnis to myrtle-berries; while he likened her cheeks to apples where the white is suffused with red.
Chloe danced a waltz.
Chloe endeavoured to prevent him, but he paid no heed to her, and finding herself disregarded, she ran off pettishly to her sheep, whilst Daphnis, climbing the tree, reached the apple and plucked it.
Chloe explored a hidden cave.
Chloe has been carried away from you, O Nymphs, and could you endure to see it, she who has woven so many garlands for you, who has offered you so many libations of new milk, she who suspended here that pipe—which I see—as an offering?
Chloe likes baking.
Chloe made a paper airplane.
Chloe painted a serene landscape.
Chloe placed the chaplet she had made upon his brow and kissed his hair, which to her mind had a sweeter perfume even than the violets.
Chloe played with her pet rabbit.
Chloe was pleased at seeing the innocent cause of her alarm, and having kissed it, she put the grasshopper in her bosom again, where it resumed its song.
Chloe's marriage is in the care of another deity: as for yourself, however, we will furnish you with means to soften Dryas, and gain his consent.
Chloe, as soon as she knew of what was passing, was overcome with grief; but she concealed the cause from Daphnis lest she might give him pain.
Chloe, seated near him, could see her sheep browsing, but she more frequently turned her eyes upon Daphnis, who was playing the pipe; and, as she gazed at him, she again found him very handsome.
Chloe, when she had milked her ewes, and sometimes Daphnis' goats as well, had great difficulty in making the milk curdle, for the gnats were very troublesome and if she flapped them away they stung her.
Chloe, who had observed the accident, hastened to the spot, and finding that her companion was still alive, she called a cowherd from an adjacent field to come to his assistance.
Chloe, who, till then, had never heard an echo, looked first at the sea and listened to the boatmen as they sang, and then turned round to the woods in expectation of seeing the other men who, as she imagined, were responding to the chorus.
Chlorine in the air needs cold temperatures in the stratosphere and clouds to convert into a form of the chemical that eats ozone, Newman said. The clouds go away when it warms up.
Chlorine is one of the elements in the periodic table.
Chlorofluorocarbons used as refrigerants, in aerosol sprays and as solvents are responsible for the destruction of the ozone, which filters out harmful ultra-violet radiation from the sun. Scientists attribute the rise in global skin cancers and cataracts to the loss of ozone.
Chlorophyll is green.
Chlorophyll was discovered in 1817.
Choc chip ice cream is my favourite.
Chocolate acts to prevent LDL oxidisation.
Chocolate always cheers me up.
Chocolate and strawberries eaten together is sheer heaven.
Chocolate cake is my favorite dessert.
Chocolate cake is my favourite dessert.
Chocolate cake is not a vegetable, isn't it?
Chocolate gives me rash.
Chocolate has brown color.
Chocolate has more iron than spinach.
Chocolate ice cream is my favorite dessert.
Chocolate ice cream is my favorite.
Chocolate ice cream is my favourite.
Chocolate is an excellent source of comfort.
Chocolate is delicious.
Chocolate is good.
Chocolate is made from cocoa beans.
Chocolate is my favorite kind of ice cream.
Chocolate is popular in Algeria.
Chocolate is something I often crave.
Chocolate is the most beautiful thing there is.
Chocolate is toxic to dogs and it can kill them!
Chocolate is toxic to many animals.
Chocolate makes Monday a little bit bearable.
Chocolate makes me break out.
Chocolate might be not that good for your health, but you can't deny that it's good for your soul.
Chocolate should not be given to dogs as it is toxic to them.
Chocolate tastes sweet.
Chocolate with lemon flavoring is just too tasty.
Chocolate's iron content is higher than spinach's.
Chocolate-infused honey is made by blending honey with cocoa, creating a delightful chocolatey taste.
Choice is a matter of taste.
Choice overload can paralyze people into avoiding decision-making.
Choice, not chance, determines your destiny.
Choir practice has been put back a week.
Choir practice is cancelled this evening.
Choir practice this evening has been cancelled.
Choke up on the bat.
Chokichi keenly felt that people, as they get older, forget entirely about the worries that only young people know about and that they themselves experienced in their youth; and that they nonchalantly take this convenient disposition where they judge harshly the circumstances of the young persons born of the next generation. He felt that there was truly an irreconcilable gap between the old and the young.
Cholera germs were found in the food.
Cholera is a dangerous disease.
Cholera is uncommon in Japan.
Cholesterol is a silent killer.
Chomolungma is the tallest mountain in the world.
Chomsky has had an extraordinary life.
Chomsky is a structural linguist.
Chomsky tackled problems of international relations later in his career.
Chongqing is a hilly city with winding streets.
Choo choo!
Choose Philippines!
Choose a book carefully.
Choose a card to discard.
Choose a category.
Choose a current affairs issue.
Choose a dress you like.
Choose a font.
Choose a food from each part of the menu.
Choose a good password!
Choose a good restaurant to go to eat at.
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.
Choose a language.
Choose a number and let me guess it.
Choose a particular event you remember well.
Choose a password that is easy to remember but difficult to guess.
Choose a password that's easy to remember but difficult to guess.
Choose a present carefully.
Choose a product.
Choose a random spot on the map.
Choose a song and transcribe the lyrics.
Choose a song and transcribe the words.
Choose a space free of distractions.
Choose a spokesperson for every group.
Choose a suitable satellite image as the base map.
Choose a topic that you find particularly interesting.
Choose a travelling companion, and only then a route.
Choose a woman with your ears, not with your eyes.
Choose a word.
Choose alternative questions.
Choose an apron with durable and washable fabric to make cleaning easier.
Choose any dress you like.
Choose any flowers you like.
Choose any of these pens.
Choose any one book you like.
Choose any one from among these.
Choose any one of these books that you like.
Choose any one of these that you like.
Choose anything you like.
Choose between cheese and dessert.
Choose between the two.
Choose between these two.
Choose between this and that.
Choose books carefully.
Choose carefully.
Choose colors that go well together.
Choose colours that go well together.
Choose either of the two T-shirts.
Choose either one or the other.
Choose five learners now.
Choose food low in fat, sugar and salt, and high in fibre.
Choose food that is high in fiber.
Choose friends you can rely on.
Choose from this list the things you'll need on your trip.
Choose from this list the things you’ll need on your trip.
Choose if you will have this hall floated with blood, or if you will grant me the decisive interview with my affianced bride which the laws of God and the country alike entitle me to demand.
Choose large apples of uniform size.
Choose large apples of uniform size; pare, core and cook until tender in syrup.
Choose me.
Choose no one to be your friend of whom you don't know how he treated his previous friends.
Choose one and write a letter.
Choose one from among these prizes.
Choose one from among these products.
Choose one from among these.
Choose one of the following writing prompts.
Choose one of the two.
Choose one option.
Choose one person.
Choose one.
Choose only one option.
Choose silence of all virtues, for by it you hear other men's imperfections, and conceal your own.
Choose something different, then.
Choose something.
Choose such friends as will benefit you, they say.
Choose such friends as will benefit you, they say. That is why I am on intimate terms with Mr Aoki.
Choose such friends as will benefit you.
Choose that towel. It's terrific.
Choose the Kabyle language for your children.
Choose the T-shirt you like the best.
Choose the best moment.
Choose the color you like the best.
Choose the correct answer that fills the empty space.
Choose the correct answer.
Choose the correct option.
Choose the features you want to install.
Choose the grammatically incorrect sentence.
Choose the lesser evil.
Choose the lesser of two evils!
Choose the lesser of two evils.
Choose the one who you love the most.
Choose the one you like best.
Choose the one you like.
Choose the one you love the most.
Choose the one.
Choose the right word!
Choose the room that suits you the best.
Choose the shortest route to Paris.
Choose three books at random.
Choose three items from the following list.
Choose three words or phrases relating to your topic that other students might find interesting and useful and present them to the class.
Choose to be happy.
Choose us!
Choose what is right, not what is easy.
Choose what you want from the menu.
Choose whatever dish you want from the menu.
Choose whatever toppings you like.
Choose whatever you want.
Choose which card to discard.
Choose which card you want to discard.
Choose whichever of them is becoming to you.
Choose whichever one you like.
Choose whichever you like.
Choose whichever you want.
Choose wisely.
Choose your battles carefully.
Choose your character.
Choose your favorite color!
Choose your favorite color.
Choose your favorite racket.
Choose your favourite colour.
Choose your favourite racket.
Choose your friends carefully.
Choose your integrity first.
Choose your next words carefully.
Choose your own method of learning.
Choose your punishment.
Choose your weapon.
Choose your words carefully.
Choose your words more carefully next time.
Choose!
Choose-your-own-adventure stories.
Choose.
Choosing Lagarde as the International Monetary Fund's new boss was a foregone conclusion after she won the backing of the IMF's heavyweights — the United States, Russia, China and the Europeans. Hours before the vote, US Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner praised what he called her "exceptional talent and broad experience."
Choosing Tom to be the team captain was a big mistake.
Choosing between different brands of beer is hard.
Choosing can feel tough on certain occasions.
Choosing multiple New Year's resolutions, I increased the probability of failing them all.
Choosing not to make a decision is still a decision.
Choosing silence shows strength of character.
Choosing something means giving something up.
Choosing the dress is vitally important.
Choosing the wrong wife has been a life-long problem for Yanni.
Choosing to fight for the British proved to be a mistake.
Choosing to trust them is a gamble.
Choosing what to watch can be a stressful decision because there are an increasing number of options.
Choosing which patients to hook up to scarce ventilators is having a heavy emotional and psychological toll on doctors and nurses.
Choosing your vocabulary is one of the most enjoyable parts of learning a new language: it's like a personalized shopping trip for your brain.
Chop chop!
Chop four onions and fry in four tablespoonfuls of oil; add six tomatoes peeled and cut fine, one herb bouquet, a sprig of parsley, a glassful of white wine, four tablespoonfuls of oil, one chile pepper and four tablespoonfuls of flour.
Chop the pickled cabbage finely.
Chop us some firewood.
Chop, chop!
Chop-chop!
Chopin composed a polonaise.
Chopin is my favorite composer.
Chopin sits at the piano and begins to play.
Chopin was a Polish musician.
Chopin was a child prodigy.
Chopin was of slight build and prone to illness.
Chopin was only nine years old when he first played in public.
Chopin's health continued to deteriorate.
Chopin's music is beautiful.
Chopin’s music is beautiful.
Chordates are the third largest animal phylum.
Choreographer Meghan Flanigan spent the last five years in Bogota, Colombia, where she helped shape the dance community. During her stay, she helped form the dance company Con Cuerpos, which brings together professional dancers and Bogota's disabled homeless to create enlightened performances. We introduce you to her in this week's Making a Difference series.
Chores are piling up, but there is only Muḥend to do them.
Chose eight people from those groups.
Choub Kanha started her circus career at age 9.
Choub Kanha, who started her circus career at age 9, recently performed for more than 24 continuous hours in an attempt to set a Guinness World Record for the single longest circus performance.
Chouchane, a barking dog known for his support to Islamist terrorist groups, called for the extermination of Kabyles.
Chrea has been a well-known ski resort in Algeria for many decades.
Chrea is a popular place to go.
Chrea is a popular tourist destination in Algeria.
Chrea is nestled in the Blida Atlas.
Chrea is nestled in the beautiful Blida Atlas Mountains.
Chrea is one of Algeria's famous tourist attractions.
Chrea is still fourteen miles away.
Chrea, a small town located in the Blida Atlas, is a key tourist destination all year round.
Chris Amon is often considered one of the unluckiest Formula One drivers ever. Whenever he was positioned to win a race, bad luck would interfere, ultimately preventing him from scoring a single victory. Amon himself, however, maintained that he counted himself lucky to have survived a decade-long F1 career mostly unscathed, while many of his fellow drivers suffered serious injury or death.
Chris Johnson, like millions of Americans, is looking for help during these unusual times. That help could soon be on the way. In the Senate version of the $1.9 trillion stimulus bill, there are a few change-ups.
Chris Marshall is the owner of Sans Bar. He stopped drinking alcohol 14 years ago and worked in the field of drug abuse treatment.
Chris brought her a present and bravely gave it to her.
Chris can't come to work tomorrow.
Chris can't work tomorrow.
Chris cannot control his passion for the lovely new girl in town.
Chris can’t work tomorrow.
Chris could not conceal his sadness when he heard that Beth had been unable to find his valuable watch.
Chris defeated the vampire knight!
Chris didn't have a car to drive.
Chris didn't have a car.
Chris didn’t have a car to drive.
Chris didn’t have a car.
Chris does not appreciate how Beth lost the clock he lent her.
Chris does not appreciate how Beth lost the watch he lent her.
Chris followed both of them and greeted Kate.
Chris followed the two and cheerfully greeted Kate.
Chris gets 7 gold coins!
Chris got a job as a house painter and was able to raise the money.
Chris got a remarkable grade for the complex homework.
Chris got a very good grade on that difficult homework assignment.
Chris got a very nice grade on that difficult homework assignment.
Chris injured his leg playing tennis and is in a lot of pain.
Chris is an online Filipino friend from Washington State. He has deep talent for natural languages, especially Philippine. His linguistics knowledge is professional. Of artificial languages, his choice is Interlingua. He is gay and happily married now to a Taiwanese.
Chris is in a risky situation in science class.
Chris is very anxious to go to college.
Chris is very attractive and wealthy, but not very modest.
Chris nimbly dodged the attack!
Chris noticed Kate walking through the neighborhood with a strange boy.
Chris recognized the boy from his math class and became very jealous.
Chris risks falling behind in the science class.
Chris saw his favorite girl, Kate, having a private conversation with Beth.
Chris swung his sword!
Chris was confident that Beth would be delighted with his improvement.
Chris was hired to paint houses and was able to raise the money.
Chris will come here.
Chris' heart felt so empty and damaged that it couldn't be repaired.
Chris, the half-Japanese barista at the Lulu Island cafe, said, "God doesn't just save Tagalog!"
Chris, you're completely wet!
Chris, you’re completely wet!
Chrissie was the first in her family to go to university, and in her professional life suffered from impostor syndrome.
Chrissie was the first in her family to go to university.
Chrissy's law firm specializes in intellectual property protection for multinational conglomerates.
Christ conquers. Christ reigns. Christ commands.
Christ died once for all humans.
Christ has risen!
Christ is believed to have worked many miracles.
Christ is risen from the dead!
Christ is risen!
Christ is risen.
Christ isn't God.
Christ on a bike, my in-laws are here.
Christ on a cracker!
Christ rose from the dead!
Christ taught forgiveness.
Christ walked, talked and ate with people that society in those days called sinners. He did not single out anyone for persecution.
Christ was betrayed by Judas on Wednesday, and crucified on Friday.
Christ was born in 4 BC.
Christ was born in 4BC.
Christ was crucified by the Romans.
Christ!
Christ! I forgot to buy chocolate.
Christ, peace be upon him, was a messenger of God.
Christ, they're fucking dumb.
Christ, we adore you.
Christi's mysteries are most decidedly interesting.
Christiaan Barnard was a South African doctor.
Christiaan Huygens (1629-1695) discovered Saturn’s moon, Titan.
Christian Bale is my favorite actor.
Christian Huggel, a professor at the University of Zurich in Switzerland who specializes in glaciology and geomorphodynamics (the study of changing forms of geologic surfaces), said thousands of cubic meters of water moving down a mountain "is really quite destructive and it can happen suddenly."
Christian nationalists are the problem.
Christianity affects most of this globe as even Arab countries must use the occidental calendar for international negotiations and Japanese moderately celebrate Halloween and Christmas.
Christianity and Islam are two different religions.
Christianity and Islam are universalist religions, while Judaism is an ethnic religion.
Christianity and Judaism share many similarities with Islam.
Christianity answered a question Judaism wasn't asking, and when almost none of the Jews adopted it, the early Christians were forced to spread it to people who didn't know anything about the original text.
Christianity came to Armenia at the beginning of the first century and became an official religion in the year 301.
Christianity cures hatred.
Christianity existed before Jesus Christ and the Catholic Church.
Christianity has done a great deal for love by making it a sin.
Christianity has many adherents.
Christianity has many followers.
Christianity is a monotheistic religion sharing common elements with Judaism.
Christianity is a powerful force. That, for example, protestant missionaries come back home from Asia unconverted - that is a great accomplishment.
Christianity is a threat.
Christianity is a very cool religion.
Christianity is an Abrahamic religion.
Christianity is an evil religion.
Christianity is an offshoot of Judaism.
Christianity is beautiful.
Christianity is dangerous.
Christianity is dominated by the belief in the Trinity.
Christianity is not the answer, and it has even managed to mangle the question.
Christianity is not the answer.
Christianity is the answer.
Christianity is the largest world religion.
Christianity is the only true religion.
Christianity is the truth.
Christianity is the world's largest religion.
Christianity isn't special.
Christianity isn't the default.
Christianity set itself the goal of fulfilling man's unattainable desires, but for that very reason ignored his attainable desires.
Christianity set itself the goal of fulfilling man’s unattainable desires, but for that very reason ignored his attainable desires.
Christianity stems largely from criticism of the Pharisees.
Christianity took one of civilization's greatest evils, crucifixion, made it all about just one guy, and blamed it on a people that was a constant victim of it.
Christianity's main connection to Judaism throughout history has been its attempt to eradicate and supplant it.
Christianity, Islam, and Judaism are monotheistic religions.
Christians are always thinking about Jews, because their literature always talks about them.
Christians are often interested in Judaism, because it is much talked about in their mythologies.
Christians are persecuted in Algeria.
Christians are the majority in France.
Christians believe in Jesus Christ.
Christians believe that God is the creator of the world.
Christians believe that Jesus is God.
Christians build bridges, not walls.
Christians don't go to mosques.
Christians identify John the Baptist with the prophet Elijah.
Christians reject Muhammad but Muslims don't reject Jesus.
Christians think Islam depends on bad-faith interpretations of their religion, and Jews think the same thing about Christianity.
Christians think they're better Jews than Jews, and Muslims think they're better Christians than Christians.
Christians view human nature as inherently sinful.
Christians, Hindus, and Buddhists too commit crimes in the name of religion.
Christina fainted when Jack winked at her.
Christina swooned when Jack winked at her.
Christine Lagarde apportera sa grande expertise en matière d'économie pour la mettre au service de la France dès 2027.
Christine Lagarde has done very well for herself in her political career.
Christine Lagarde is going to be set for success in the next French presidential elections.
Christine Lagarde must be given a chance at managing France.
Christine Lagarde will bring so much resolve and passion into her next job position as the next French first female presidenf of France.
Christine Lagarde's death will shake up the world quite a bit.
Christine Lagarde's next presidential victory should be welcomed enthusiastically and warmly in 2027 by the French.
Christine Lambert, head of France’s national union of farmers, said, “Due to the closure of the Schengen borders, but also to movement restrictions in Europe, the Poles and Romanians who used to come, won’t anymore. If our call is not heard, the production will remain in the fields and the entire fruit and vegetable sector will be damaged.”
Christine doesn't frequently walk.
Christine stayed in the shade all day because she didn't want to get sunburnt.
Christine stayed in the shade all day, because she didn't want to get a sunburn.
Christine stayed in the shade all day, because she didn’t want to get a sunburn.
Christine, get ready to take up that challenge, you're perfectly capable of doing it.
Christi’s mysteries are most decidedly interesting.
Christmas Day falls on December 25th every year.
Christmas Day is December 25th.
Christmas Day is almost here.
Christmas Day is the twenty-fifth of December.
Christmas Day on the 25th of December is not a pan-Christian idea, as Orthodox Christians celebrate on the 7th of January.
Christmas Day was really very nice.
Christmas Eve is December 24th, the day before Christmas.
Christmas Eve is not a public holiday in Germany.
Christmas Eve is the night before Christmas.
Christmas Eve is usually quieter than other days.
Christmas always moves me.
Christmas and Easter are national holidays in America.
Christmas approached.
Christmas ball ornaments are hand-painted.
Christmas comes a few days before New Year.
Christmas comes a few days before the New Year.
Christmas comes at the end of the year.
Christmas comes but once a year.
Christmas day falls on a Sunday this year.
Christmas decorations are going up.
Christmas decorations were going up.
Christmas drew near.
Christmas falls on Monday this year.
Christmas falls on Sunday this year.
Christmas fell on Monday that year.
Christmas fell on Saturday that year.
Christmas gingerbread, also called honey cake, is a traditional German dessert.
Christmas has always been a wonderful time for me.
Christmas has become so commercialized.
Christmas has come and gone again.
Christmas has come and gone once more.
Christmas in Japan is, if anything, a day for couples.
Christmas is December 25th.
Christmas is a Christian celebration and Muslims don't celebrate it.
Christmas is a busy time for retailers.
Christmas is a family holiday.
Christmas is a good time to market new toys.
Christmas is a happy time.
Christmas is a joyful time.
Christmas is a magical time for children.
Christmas is a magical time of the year.
Christmas is a magical time.
Christmas is a special holiday.
Christmas is a special time.
Christmas is a time for giving and sharing.
Christmas is a time for giving.
Christmas is a time for sharing.
Christmas is a time for togetherness.
Christmas is a week away.
Christmas is a wonderful time of the year.
Christmas is almost here.
Christmas is almost upon us – again.
Christmas is always a nice celebration for the grandchildren.
Christmas is approaching.
Christmas is around the corner.
Christmas is at the end of the year.
Christmas is celebrated all around the world.
Christmas is celebrated on December 25th.
Christmas is celebrated on December twenty-fifth.
Christmas is celebrated on January 7th in Russia.
Christmas is coming soon.
Christmas is coming!
Christmas is coming, and Rosie still doesn't have any money.
Christmas is coming.
Christmas is definitely my favorite holiday.
Christmas is drawing near.
Christmas is fast approaching.
Christmas is getting so commercialized.
Christmas is here again. Aren't you happy?
Christmas is here.
Christmas is in December.
Christmas is in the air.
Christmas is just a few days away.
Christmas is just a week away.
Christmas is just around the corner.
Christmas is just three days away.
Christmas is just three weeks away.
Christmas is just three weeks from now.
Christmas is just two weeks away.
Christmas is just two weeks from now.
Christmas is my favorite day of the year.
Christmas is my favorite holiday.
Christmas is my favorite time of year.
Christmas is near at hand, isn't it?
Christmas is near at hand, isn’t it?
Christmas is near at hand.
Christmas is near.
Christmas is no fun without kids.
Christmas is not a secular holiday.
Christmas is not in the Bible.
Christmas is on December twenty-fifth.
Christmas is on the twenty-fifth of December.
Christmas is one of the most beautiful holidays.
Christmas is only a few days away.
Christmas is only a month away.
Christmas is only a month away?
Christmas is only three days away.
Christmas is only three weeks off.
Christmas is only two weeks away.
Christmas is only two weeks off.
Christmas is our busiest time of the year.
Christmas is rapidly approaching.
Christmas is right around the corner.
Christmas is sharing, emotional involvement, warmth.
Christmas is slowly approaching.
Christmas is so close now.
Christmas is soon, isn't it?
Christmas is soon, isn’t it?
Christmas is soon, right?
Christmas is soon.
Christmas is supposed to be a happy time to share with the family. For some people, however, who are alienated from their family, or who have no family, it can be a very unhappy time.
Christmas is the birthday of one whose chief contribution to the human heart and mind was his message of boundless, universal love. He brought to the world the greatest thing in the world and that is why the season of his birth has won such an intimate place in our heart.
Christmas is the festival of stress and presents.
Christmas is the most magical time of the year.
Christmas is the most wonderful time of the year.
Christmas isn't Christmas without you.
Christmas isn't a season, it's a feeling.
Christmas isn't a secular holiday.
Christmas isn't any fun without kids.
Christmas isn't far off now.
Christmas isn't like it used to be.
Christmas makes people feel warm and happy inside.
Christmas morning broke on a beautiful white world.
Christmas only comes once a year.
Christmas shopping is stressful.
Christmas shopping is way too stressful.
Christmas stollen is one of the traditional Christmas baked goods.
Christmas trees didn't use to cost this much.
Christmas trees used to be illuminated with candles.
Christmas was my favorite holiday when I was a kid.
Christmas will soon come around.
Christmas with the elders, great!
Christmas won't be the same without you.
Christmas-time drew near and many young trees were cut down.
Christmas? Never heard of it.
Christopher Columbus abhorred historical inaccuracies.
Christopher Columbus demanded that an entire "Columbus Week" be set aside to celebrate his glory, but in the end only got a day, and only in America.
Christopher Columbus demanded that an entire "Columbus Week" be set aside to celebrate his glory, but in the end only got a day, and only in the United States.
Christopher Columbus despised pirates, but he loved their eyepatches. Sometimes, he would wear one - just for fun.
Christopher Columbus did not discover America.
Christopher Columbus did not find fame. It was fame that found Christopher Columbus.
Christopher Columbus died in 1506.
Christopher Columbus discovered America.
Christopher Columbus disliked Spanish brothels, as he found them dirty and too expensive. Instead, he would go out to sea, get lured in - on purpose - by the Siren's song, and then have a rocking good time.
Christopher Columbus disliked Spanish brothels, as he found them dirty and too expensive. Instead, he would go out to sea, get lured in - on purpose - by the Siren’s song, and then have a rocking good time.
Christopher Columbus drank sea water straight up.
Christopher Columbus drank unfiltered seawater.
Christopher Columbus enjoyed the torrents of Pirate Bay and would often go surfing there.
Christopher Columbus has never, ever needed a native check.
Christopher Columbus once accidentally ate a sea urchin. Then, he did it a second time... intentionally.
Christopher Columbus once cut himself with a knife. It made him so angry that he then cut the knife... with himself.
Christopher Columbus once decided to burn absolutely everything in an entire village after one of the natives stole his parrot. He was disappointed that he couldn't burn their water. So he invented fluorine.
Christopher Columbus once decided to burn absolutely everything in an entire village after one of the natives stole his parrot. He was disappointed that he couldn’t burn their water. So he invented fluorine.
Christopher Columbus once discovered an entire ship of deceased sailors... and politely ignored it.
Christopher Columbus once engaged in a debate with the Divine Celt. It would become the only contest that Columbus ever lost.
Christopher Columbus once fought Cerberus, the three-headed guardian of the underworld, with nothing but his hat.
Christopher Columbus once found the Holy Grail but threw it out because he didn't like the color.
Christopher Columbus once found the Holy Grail but threw it out because he didn’t like the color.
Christopher Columbus once landed on the moon, but mistook it for Antarctica.
Christopher Columbus once met Betty, but did NOT get murdered.
Christopher Columbus once met the child in Sentence 47456 and opened his eyes to the world.
Christopher Columbus once sacrificed the corner of his hat to an Aztec god, bringing about years of prosperity to that god's village.
Christopher Columbus once sacrificed the corner of his hat to an Aztec god, bringing about years of prosperity to that god’s village.
Christopher Columbus once saw a UFO, and ordered his men to fire his ship's cannons at it.
Christopher Columbus once saw a UFO, and ordered his men to fire his ship’s cannons at it.
Christopher Columbus once stared at Medusa, and Medusa turned to stone.
Christopher Columbus once started a revolution, and then crushed it.
Christopher Columbus once used the same joke 256 times in one day... thereby causing his entire crew to die of laughter.
Christopher Columbus once walked into a McDonald's and ordered a Happy Meal. It did not make him happy, but he liked the toy.
Christopher Columbus once walked into a McDonald’s and ordered a Happy Meal. It did not make him happy, but he liked the toy.
Christopher Columbus proved that the world isn't flat.
Christopher Columbus started wearing his famous hat back when he was still a schoolboy, and was often punished by his teachers for refusing to take it off in class.
Christopher Columbus was notorious for repeatedly snoozing his alarm clock by hitting it with his fist. Unfortunately, his "alarm clock" was usually his first mate.
Christopher Columbus was once quoted as saying that pirates were too "simple-minded". He created the Bermuda Triangle later that year.
Christopher Columbus was the leader of an invasion that entailed not just murders but genocide.
Christopher Columbus was the spearhead of the biggest invasion and genocide ever seen in the history of humanity.
Christopher Columbus wasn't an explorer because he loved the sea. He was an explorer because he hated Spanish jails.
Christopher Columbus wasn’t an explorer because he loved the sea. He was an explorer because he hated Spanish jails.
Christopher Columbus would drink seawater straight up.
Christopher Columbus's "The Idiot's Guide to Killing a Shark Barehanded" and "The Twenty Ways to Strangle a Giant Squid" both went on to become bestsellers.
Christopher Columbus's happy meal toy was a limited edition clumsy noob waiter toy that whenever is set to walk, trips and falls on its face.
Christopher Columbus's infinite accomplishments are a threat to Google, who do not know how to index infinity when someone searches for "Christopher Columbus".
Christopher Columbus's secret love letters to Queen Isabella - undiscovered for centuries - have been rumored to rival, if not surpass, the Kama Sutra.
Christopher Columbus, as everyone knows, is honored by posterity because he was the last to discover America.
Christopher Columbus’s "The Idiot’s Guide to Killing a Shark Barehanded" and "The Twenty Ways to Strangle a Giant Squid" both went on to become bestsellers.
Christopher Columbus’s happy meal toy was a limited edition clumsy noob waiter toy that whenever is set to walk, trips and falls on its face.
Christopher Columbus’s infinite accomplishments are a threat to Google, who do not know how to index infinity when someone searches for "Christopher Columbus".
Christopher Columbus’s secret love letters to Queen Isabella - undiscovered for centuries - have been rumored to rival, if not surpass, the Kama Sutra.
Christopher Hewett was a British actor.
Christopher Mulligan is director of the Cyber Addiction Recovery Center in Los Angeles. He treats patients for all kinds of technology addiction -- from gaming to text messaging.
Christopher Plummer played Captain von Trapp in The Sound of Music.
Christopher Shih's performance of Brahms's "Variations and Fugue on a Theme by Handel" likely sealed his win in this international contest for amateurs.
Christopher was still wanted for questioning over the disappearance of several cats in the town where he grew up.
Chris’ heart felt so empty and damaged that it couldn’t be repaired.
Chromium is a transition element.
Chromium is the name for the element with atomic number 24 and is represented by the symbol Cr. It is a member of the transition metals group.
Chronic problems include a shortage of skilled labor and a deficient infrastructure.
Chronicle of a Death Foretold is a novel by the Colombian writer Gabriel García Márquez.
Chrysanthemums smell nice.
Chrysanthemums smell sweet.
Chuck Lampe, 44, an independent publisher in Florida, has been taking shots of Botox deep into the muscles of his legs for 10 years to lessen the discomfort of a genetic disorder called torsion dystonia, an extreme and long-lasting version of the condition commonly called “writer’s cramp.”
Chuck Norris can press F13.
Chuck Norris can win a game of Connect Four in three moves.
Chuck Norris has already met Columbo's wife, Robin Masters and Tom.
Chuck Norris is the world's second greatest human after Tom.
Chuck Norris was born in the house he built.
Chuck is insolent.
Chuck it away.
Chuck it in the bin.
Chuck it in the wash.
Chuck it in the washing machine.
Chuck me that box.
Chuck me the ball.
Chuck out all these papers!
Chuck us that box.
Chuck your watch out the window to see how time flies.
Chuck's Diner closes at eight.
Chuck's Diner has been closed.
Chuck's Diner has closed down.
Chuck's Diner has closed.
Chuck's Diner has gone out of business.
Chuck's Diner has really good hamburgers.
Chuck's Diner is closed on Mondays.
Chuck's Diner is known for its beef stew.
Chuck's Diner is located on Park Street.
Chuck's Diner is now open for business.
Chuck's Diner is three blocks that way, on the left.
Chuck's Diner is where Tom and Mary first met each other.
Chuck's Diner is where Tom and Mary first met.
Chuck's Diner is where Tom first met Mary.
Chuck's Diner makes a mean patty melt.
Chuck's Diner makes the best hamburgers in Boston.
Chuck's Diner makes the best hamburgers in town.
Chuck's Diner serves breakfast 24 hours a day.
Chuck's Diner serves the best hamburgers in town.
Chuck's Diner will be open from tomorrow.
Chunkey is an ancient game of Native American origin.
Chunking helps improve memory retention.
Church and state are supposed to be separate.
Church is a sacred place.
Church leaders denied the accusation.
Church participation has fallen.
Church steeples - overturned funnels to lead prayers to heaven.
Church was Sami's middle name.
Churches across Italy reopened Monday.
Churches are designated on the map with crosses.
Churches enforce a strict dress code.
Churches hold services via YouTube.
Churches were erected all over the island.
Churchill is a very conservative politician.
Churchill likes pigs and so does Tom.
Churchill uses the metaphor of building a temple.
Churchill visited Stalin late in 1944.
Churchill was a worthy statesman.
Churchill was very anti-communist.
Churchwomen howled that whiskey was turning men into drunkards and barflies.
Churn the butter before you go.
Ciao!
Cicadas are 3-centimeter, winged insects that buzz loudly while seeking a mate.
Cicadas are comforting.
Cicadas are singing.
Cicadas aren't harmful to humans.
Cicadas only emerge after a prime number of years.
Cicadas, cicadas, cicadas... they’ve taken over the eastern US! Billions of Brood X cicadas are back after 17 years, both delighting and disgusting those around them.
Cicero called Herodotus "the father of history."
Cicero came late.
Cicero has been elected consul.
Cicero is Tully.
Cicero was a famous ancient orator.
Cicero was a great orator and a great philosopher; therefore, a great poet.
Cicero was elected consul.
Cicero was eloquent.
Cicero was the most eloquent of the Roman orators.
Cicero's glory began to grow.
Cider please.
Cigarette butts are the biggest source of litter in the world.
Cigarette smoke bothers me a lot.
Cigarette smoke bothers other passengers.
Cigarette smoke fouls the air in a room.
Cigarette smoke may be unhealthy, but it sure does look pretty.
Cigarettes are dummies for adults.
Cigarettes are one of the major causes of heart diseases.
Cigarettes are pacifiers for adults.
Cigarettes are soothers for adults.
Cigarettes cause illness.
Cigarettes will only help you do one thing: die slowly.
Cigarettes will only serve you for one thing: dying slowly.
Cinderella brought the rat-trap to her, and in it there were three huge rats. The fairy chose the one which had the largest beard, and, having touched him with her wand, he was turned into a fat coachman with the finest mustache and whiskers ever seen.
Cinderella had two evil stepsisters.
Cinderella had two wicked stepsisters.
Cinderella heard the clock strike a quarter to twelve. She at once made her adieus to the company and hastened away as fast as she could.
Cinderella is far fairer than her sisters.
Cinderella left the party at the final stroke of midnight.
Cinderella left the party just before midnight.
Cinderella lost a shoe as she ran.
Cinderella slept in a sorry garret, on a wretched straw bed, while her sisters slept in fine rooms, with floors all inlaid, on beds of the very newest fashion, and where they had looking glasses so large that they could see themselves at their full length from head to foot.
Cinderella took them up, and, as she embraced them, said that she forgave them with all her heart, and begged them to love her always.
Cinderella was consulted in all these matters, for she had good taste. She advised them always for the best, and even offered her services to dress their hair, which they were very willing she should do.
Cinderella was unhappy because she had a cruel stepmother and cruel stepsisters.
Cinderella went at once to gather the finest she could get, and brought it to her godmother, not being able to imagine how this pumpkin could help her to go to the ball.
Cinderella's stepsisters were just as haughty as was her stepmother.
Cinderella, who saw this, and knew her slipper, said to them, laughing:— "Let me see if it will not fit me."
Cinderella, who was as good as she was beautiful, gave her two sisters a home in the palace, and that very same day married them to two great lords of the Court.
Cindy Busby is a Canadian actress.
Cindy Crawford has a beauty mark.
Cindy dozed off in the middle of her graduation examinations.
Cindy knows little about spirituality.
Cindy thinks that her snooty attitude makes her look smart.
Cindy thinks that my parlance is entertaining.
Cinema is one of the three universal languages. The other two are music and mathematics.
Cinema is the seventh art.
Cinema, like painting, shows the invisible.
Cinematography is a magical world.
Cinnamon and root beer taste similar to me.
Cinnamon is an incredibly powerful spice.
Circadian cycles can be easily appreciated in plants.
Circle in red pencil.
Circle the block.
Circular water currents at the base of a weir can trap people, causing them to drown.
Circumcision is a current practice in many cultures.
Circumcision is dominant in Muslim-dominant Indonesia, as in the Catholic-dominant Philippines and in other Pacific Islands. The uncircumcised are dominant, however, in the little island of Bali, which is Hindu. The practice of circumcision is ancient and predates Abrahamic religions.
Circumcision is often practiced for medical reasons.
Circumcision is painful.
Circumcision is unnecessary.
Circumcision of children is unethical.
Circumstances are entirely favorable to us.
Circumstances did not permit me to help you.
Circumstances do not allow me to say any more.
Circumstances do not permit me such a holiday.
Circumstances forced us to cancel our appointment.
Circumstances forced us to put off the meeting.
Circumstances have changed.
Circumstances rule men; men do not rule circumstances.
Circumstances surrounding the textile industry have changed.
Circumstantial evidence backed by a confession that checks on all the angles is about all any jury needs to be convinced of guilt.
Circuses offer toys for prizes.
Cirrus clouds are thin, wispy clouds that form high in the atmosphere as their water vapor freezes into ice crystals. Cirrus is one of the principal types of clouds.
Cis ideology includes cisnormativity and cissexism.
Cis ideology is a faith-based movement.
Cis ideology is a religion.
Cis ideology is contrary to science.
Cis ideology rejects medicine in favor of traditional wisdom.
Cis people have committed 163 mass shootings in the United States this year.
Cis women of color are frequent targets of anti-trans mobs.
Cisalpine Gaul was the part of Gaul on the same side of the Alps as Italy.
Cisgender heterosexuality is shoved down everyone's throats.
Cisgender women often find themselves harassed by transphobic men who mistake them for trans women.
Cistaceae mainly grow on the Mediterranean.
Cite your source.
Cite your sources.
Cities along the ocean such as Miami, Venice and Jakarta already are in big trouble.
Cities and provinces along the Yangtze River in central China are grappling with the country's worst drought in more than 50 years.
Cities and provinces along the Yangtze River in central China are grappling with the country’s worst drought in more than 50 years.
Cities and towns around the world mark the day with rallies, conferences, art and cultural projects, and lectures.
Cities are designated on this map as red dots.
Cities are exciting places, but also stressful.
Cities are less dangerous than small towns.
Cities are more densely populated than rural areas.
Cities are stimulating, but also stressful places.
Cities are the crucibles of civilisation.
Cities are usually much more polluted than villages.
Cities are very polluted; villages are very boring.
Cities around the world turned off their lights Saturday for Earth Hour.
Cities differ from one another.
Cities like Mumbai, where hundreds of thousands live in overcrowded slums and travel on packed transport networks, pose the greatest challenge in controlling the outbreak in India.
Cities offer us a higher quality of life.
Cities or farms? As water gets tighter, everyone who depends on the Colorado River will have to decide what is most valuable. But there’s one silent stakeholder that’s been ignored for most of the last century. As humanity has tapped the river to the limit, there is a growing recognition of the devastation inflicted on natural ecosystems. And there are indications that attitudes are beginning to change.
Cities such as Washington, Portland, Minneapolis, Seattle and New York are experiencing this change, mainly among 20 and 30-year-olds. “They now own fewer cars and drive fewer miles than their parents’ and their grandparents’ generations at the same age,” says Ralph Buehler, an associate professor of urban affairs and planning at Virginia Tech, and the author of a book about urban biking.
Cities, in adopting a name, bear it usually as a testimony of victories or as an augury of virtues.
Citizen science allows ordinary citizens to contribute to science.
Citizen science allows ordinary citizens to contribute to scientific research.
Citizens are being evacuated from major cities.
Citizens are completely unaware of the lack of management on important issues.
Citizens are debating about health care at City Hall.
Citizens are more and more mobilized today. They are taking different actions like marches, petition, litigation.
Citizens are the ultimate sovereigns.
Citizens lived in constant fear of denunciation and repression.
Citizens of higher social status were permitted to live closer to the center.
Citizens of the United States generally feel a responsibility for the democratic society supported by them.
Citizens often get on their motorbikes to drive just one block.
Citizens returning home must go into mandatory quarantine in a hotel for 14 days, often supervised by the military.
Citizens typically run the air-conditioning all year, throw out plastic utensils with daily boxed lunches and leave their cars idling at the curbside.
Citizens use new Uber-like services to have drinks or meals delivered.
Citizens went to the theater in groups.
Citizens woke up about 6:30 Sunday morning to a loud noise and tremor.
Citizens' voices are often ignored or overshadowed by corporate interests and lobbying.
Citizenship in this country does not require the renunciation of other citizenships.
Citizenship is a prerequisite for voting.
Citric acid used to give me migraines.
Citrus adds a nice tang to a salad dressing.
City and country life are very different.
City are five points clear at the top of the table.
City are top of the league table, followed by Rovers in second place and Town in third.
City are trailing United by a single goal.
City authorities also announced that a system of smart QR codes would be developed to track people moving about the capital.
City beat United.
City buildings are burning.
City buses used to have conductors who sat to the left of the entrance and sold you tickets.
City dogs are different from country dogs.
City dogs are different from country ones.
City drew with United.
City dwellers have a higher death rate than country people do.
City firms vied with each other to hire the brightest young staff.
City have beaten Town, a result which relegates United to the second division.
City have taken an early lead against United.
City life and country life are very different.
City life has advantages and disadvantages.
City life suits me very well.
City lost to United.
City officials are allowing public pools to stay open longer and municipalities are issuing advisories to inform the public about how best to deal with the heat.
City officials have extended a quarantine on people exposed to SARS, including cordoning off a second hospital.
City officials often have sticky fingers.
City officials said they will erect a new memorial to World War II liberators at the site and the statue will be transferred to a museum.
City people are so impatient.
City planners hope that new businesses will revitalize the downtown area.
City police made my life hell.
City put in another dismal performance, losing two-nil to fellow strugglers Town.
City residents were ordered to return to work.
City staged a late fightback, scoring an equaliser in injury time.
City went to Rovers on Boxing Day and got a four-nil hammering.
City were profligate in front of goal, wasting chance after chance.
City's skilful and elusive winger beat two players with agile footwork before whipping in an early cross to the near post.
City-dwellers often look down on people who live in the countryside.
City-grown food also avoids the environmental and financial costs of trucking food, often over thousands of kilometers, from the field to the dinner plate.
Civic and governmental organizations around the world are preparing to recognize and celebrate International Women's Day on Friday.
Civic organizations in southern Africa are calling on their governments to take action to relieve unemployment, inequality and poverty in the region.
Civil asset forfeiture is corruptly used to deprive innocent people of their property.
Civil engineers are needed.
Civil rights are apparently speculative.
Civil unrest and political instability plague Morocco.
Civil unrest broke out in Morocco.
Civil war is the reign of crime.
Civil war will not return to Algeria.
Civil wars are occurring in many countries.
Civilian rule was restored in 1985.
Civilians were slaughtered remorselessly.
Civilization advances by extending the number of important operations which we can perform without thinking about them.
Civilization has flourished for hundreds of years in this hidden land.
Civilization has never yet reached Burzee. Will it ever, I wonder?
Civilization is like a thin layer of ice upon a deep ocean of chaos and darkness.
Civilization is now threatened by nuclear war.
Civilization is the basis of the acts of colonization and capitalism.
Civilization is the limitless multiplication of unnecessary necessities.
Civilization, in the real sense of the term, consists not in the multiplication, but in the deliberate and voluntary reduction in wants. This alone can promote real happiness and contentment.
Civilized people no longer know what simplicity, modesty and moderation are.
Civita, which dates back to Etruscan times and is perched on a small plateau of progressively eroding volcanic stone, will likely be visited this year by 800,000 tourists — a large number of them Chinese.
Cladistically speaking, apes are monkeys.
Cladistically, fish do not exist.
Claiming is not proving.
Claiming that money is not a requirement for happiness is foolish.
Claiming that the COVID-19 pandemic is a hoax, Tom refuses to wear a mask.
Claiming that there was nothing in Palestine is a complete fabrication.
Claiming you're Berber is not a crime.
Claims for unemployment compensation surged in the United States last week as the economic impact of the coronavirus pandemic took hold.
Clair de lune is the third and most famous movement of Debussy's Suite bergamasque.
Clair de lune was composed by Claude Debussy.
Claire Biel looked as if Loren had asked if she could lick their toilet.
Claire asked why I was working so much.
Claire is afraid of spiders, darkness and flying.
Claire painted beautifully.
Claire played the violin.
Claire slowly turned and looked to her husband for guidance.
Claire spun back toward Loren and Lance.
Claire was wrapping up final rehearsals for a lyrical opera at the Champs-Elysees Theater. Hours later, she got notice the show was off.
Clams, mussels and oysters have shells.
Clans run wild like a storm in a raging sea.
Clap for that.
Clap your hands!
Clap your hands.
Clap!
Clap.
Clara acted as a confidante to her husband.
Clara asked me why I worked so hard.
Clara asked why he was working so much.
Clara has been taking music lessons for months.
Clara is a Cuban citizen.
Clara is a singer.
Clara is doing quite a job.
Clara is the girl with whom I am going to the cinema.
Clara's father opposed their marriage.
Clara's father ordered all their correspondence burned.
Clara's lack of responsibility drives me mad.
Clara’s lack of responsibility drives me mad.
Clarence Thomas and Samuel Alito are compromised and should be removed from office.
Clarie is the girl who I am going to the cinema with.
Clarified butter, vegetable oils, bacon drippings or lard are commonly used fats.
Clarify that for us now.
Clarify this issue for us.
Clarify.
Clarissa is wearing the coat I gave her.
Clarity comes first.
Clarity is more important than simplicity.
Clark Kent is Superman.
Clark Kent is the hero of the Superman stories.
Clark Kirby has a psychosis about his native language, English.
Clark made extremely good maps of the area.
Clark says he'll never forget working on the home of one America's most revered presidents.
Clarke Bedford is an artist who prides himself on always being a non-conformist.
Clarke was one of more than 200 students who hunted through rows and rows of tulle, satin, sequins and feathers for the perfect dress to wear to her prom, courtesy of TLC’s Say Yes to the Dress reality show franchise, Macy’s department store, clothing retailer Men’s Warehouse, and others.
Clashes between people are expected.
Clashes erupted at Shireen Abu Akleh's funeral.
Clashes erupted.
Clashes of ideas can promote better awareness.
Clashing ideas can foster deeper insights.
Class attendance is important for your progress.
Class conflict is good, actually.
Class discussions help you practice speaking English.
Class dismissed.
Class doesn't begin until eight-thirty.
Class doesn’t begin until eight-thirty.
Class is about to begin.
Class is about to start.
Class is dismissed.
Class is from 8 a.m. to 12 p.m.
Class is over.
Class presentations allow you to showcase your skills.
Class sizes are limited.
Class struggle is good, actually.
Class warfare is good, actually.
Class was dismissed due to a freak incident caused by a chemical spill.
Class was over.
Class will now begin.
Class will start at eight thirty.
Class will start in five minutes, so please be ready.
Class will start in five minutes.
Class, can I have your attention, please?
Classes are almost over.
Classes are going to resume on Monday.
Classes are held seven days a week.
Classes are over.
Classes are set to resume on Monday.
Classes are small.
Classes are starting again soon.
Classes at the community center are free.
Classes begin at 8 o'clock.
Classes begin at 8:30.
Classes begin at nine and end at six.
Classes begin in April.
Classes begin next Monday.
Classes begin next Tuesday.
Classes begin next week.
Classes begin on Monday.
Classes end today.
Classes end tomorrow morning.
Classes have been suspended due to floods.
Classes have moved online.
Classes last forty-five minutes.
Classes resume as soon as the talk ends, so don't stick around.
Classes resumed with a limited number of pupils per school to make sure social distancing was fully respected.
Classes start at 8.40.
Classes start at eight in the morning.
Classes start at nine o'clock every day.
Classes start at nine o’clock every day.
Classes start in April.
Classes start in the morning.
Classes start next week.
Classes start on Monday.
Classes start tomorrow morning.
Classes start tomorrow.
Classes started in October.
Classes started last month.
Classes will end tomorrow morning.
Classes will resume Monday.
Classes will resume in the fall.
Classes would have to end May 12th.
Classic small Turkish tea glasses have a capacity of up to 150 milliliters, but it’s best to fill them to about 125 milliliters to leave a little space at the top.
Classical Nahuatl had four vowels, /a/, /e/, /i/, and /o/, which could be either long or short.
Classical liberalism deifies abstractions and objectifies humans.
Classical liberalism only works in theory.
Classical music calms me whereas modern music has the opposite effect in me.
Classical music is not my cup of tea.
Classical music isn't my cup of tea.
Classical music soothes me.
Classification is not my specialty.
Classmates, don't forget to bring your textbooks tomorrow.
Classmates, let's review the grammar rules for the quiz.
Classmates, let's work together on this group project.
Classmates, please be quiet during the lecture.
Classmates, remember to submit your homework on time.
Classy!
Claude Monet was a famous impressionist painter.
Claude's mental age is ten.
Claude, an autotropic boy in my class whose skin is green due to chlorophyll, dreams of foresting the moon.
Claudia Schiffer prefers the train to the plane.
Claudia asked Paolo, "Do you love Francesca?"
Claudie was born in 1942 in Clermont-Ferrand.
Claudio DM'd Isabella's account.
Claudio accepted Isabella's follow request.
Claudio activated the two-factor verification feature on his Facebook.
Claudio added Isabella on Facebook.
Claudio adopted a German Shepherd.
Claudio aggressively slammed his window shut.
Claudio almost run away.
Claudio always had money.
Claudio always kept his laptop closed at night.
Claudio always walked alone.
Claudio and Isabella are planning on going on a vacation.
Claudio and Isabella both went outside.
Claudio and Isabella kept fighting.
Claudio and Isabella looked at each other with wide eyes.
Claudio and Isabella made plans to meet up on the bridge.
Claudio and Isabella played hide-and-seek in the backyard.
Claudio and Isabella separated from each other.
Claudio and Isabella went inside to their respective bedrooms.
Claudio and Isabella were DMing on Instagram.
Claudio and Isabella were home alone on a Thursday night.
Claudio and Isabella were talking in another language.
Claudio and John were trying to wrestle each other to the ground.
Claudio and his German Shepherd got lost in the woods.
Claudio and his friends decided to eat together.
Claudio answered right away.
Claudio answered the call.
Claudio approached Isabella from behind.
Claudio armed Isabella's arm and squeezed it as she was trying to get out of the car.
Claudio arrived to work early.
Claudio asked Isabella if she had a Facebook account.
Claudio asked Isabella if she needed assistance.
Claudio asked Isabella if she wanted to come inside with him.
Claudio asked Isabella if she wanted to play Pokemon.
Claudio asked Isabella if she was the one who posted that on Instagram.
Claudio asked Isabella to Snapchat-call him.
Claudio asked Isabella to pull over by the woods.
Claudio asked Isabella to repeat herself, but she didn't acknowledge him.
Claudio asked Isabella where he should go.
Claudio asked for a ride back to the base.
Claudio asked some basic questions about Isabella.
Claudio asked the man if he had seen anyone who might have resembled his brother.
Claudio assisted John in raping Isabella.
Claudio attempted to rescue his dog from a black bear.
Claudio attempted to strike Isabella again.
Claudio avoided eye contact with Isabella.
Claudio barricaded the door with the dresser.
Claudio became the target of some serious hacker.
Claudio began moving out of the lake.
Claudio began to hear a woman humming.
Claudio blocked that email address.
Claudio blocked the door with his arm.
Claudio booted his computer into safe mode.
Claudio bought weed on the deep web.
Claudio brought Isabella outside.
Claudio brought a German Shepherd dog named Rex.
Claudio buried his victims in the woods.
Claudio burst in through the back door of the house.
Claudio called Isabella before his shift ended.
Claudio called Isabella from the top of the stairs.
Claudio called Isabella over.
Claudio called Isabella very attractive.
Claudio called for an ambulance.
Claudio called his brother's name, but no one answer.
Claudio called his parents.
Claudio called his supervisor and told him that Isabella was missing.
Claudio called out for Isabella.
Claudio called the cops and told them to send someone right away.
Claudio called the cops that second.
Claudio called to Isabella: "Are you alone?"
Claudio calmly called: "Hello?"
Claudio came by multiple times a week.
Claudio came from a very strict family.
Claudio came on Thursday night, in December.
Claudio came on a cold Thursday night.
Claudio came on a rainy night.
Claudio came on an insanely foggy day.
Claudio came out of the shed.
Claudio came to Isabella's side of the house.
Claudio came to his mother's house.
Claudio came up with a really creative idea.
Claudio can handle himself extremely well when the situation calls for it.
Claudio carefully moved the flowerpot away.
Claudio caught an Uber.
Claudio changed out of his work clothes into his running clothes.
Claudio checked his apartment.
Claudio checked on patients.
Claudio checked the bathroom.
Claudio checked the folder.
Claudio claimed he had a sleep-walking problem.
Claudio clicked on the link and a new browser opened.
Claudio clicked on the notification.
Claudio clicked on the username and it was completely blank.
Claudio clicked the link and her computer started to get all glitchy and unresponsive.
Claudio climbed into bed.
Claudio closed his laptop and went to his room.
Claudio closed the page.
Claudio completely missed the turn.
Claudio continued approaching Isabella.
Claudio continued browsing Tatoeba.
Claudio continued deeper into the tunnel.
Claudio continued to crawl through the tunnel.
Claudio could barely see Isabella.
Claudio could easily have overpowered Isabella.
Claudio could hear Rocky's barks in the distance.
Claudio could hear a thud over the rain.
Claudio could hear everything.
Claudio could hear the cop's shoes slamming onto the pavement after him.
Claudio could no longer hear Isabella searching for him.
Claudio could see Isabella's face.
Claudio couldn't call the cops.
Claudio couldn't find anything stolen.
Claudio couldn't focus on the game anymore.
Claudio couldn't get the wood to catch fire.
Claudio couldn't move the cursor outside of the little window.
Claudio couldn't move the cursor.
Claudio couldn't recognize that man.
Claudio couldn't see anything in the fog.
Claudio couldn't see the lower half of Isabella's face.
Claudio couldn't see too far into the dark woods.
Claudio couldn't type anything.
Claudio covered his webcam with a piece of tape.
Claudio crawled back into bed.
Claudio crawled back out of the tunnel.
Claudio creeped up on Isabella's property, causing her German Shepherd to go crazy.
Claudio cut down his own Christmas tree.
Claudio cut the line.
Claudio decided to go to a local nightclub.
Claudio decided to sit down.
Claudio decided to take Isabella on a hunting trip.
Claudio decompressed the folder and viewed the contents.
Claudio deleted the email and went about his day.
Claudio deleted the email.
Claudio deleted the file.
Claudio did a factory reset of his computer.
Claudio did absolutely nothing.
Claudio did five minutes of walking.
Claudio did whatever he wanted.
Claudio didn't actually know Isabella in real life.
Claudio didn't appear to be doing anything.
Claudio didn't believe Isabella's sleep-walking story.
Claudio didn't carry the spruce tree alone.
Claudio didn't come back until late.
Claudio didn't do anything to fix the issue.
Claudio didn't even get out of his bed.
Claudio didn't even turn his head to look at Isabella.
Claudio didn't have a bag.
Claudio didn't have his face on his Facebook account.
Claudio didn't have that amount of money.
Claudio didn't have the right number.
Claudio didn't know if Isabella was big or small.
Claudio didn't know what Isabella might do.
Claudio didn't know what to think.
Claudio didn't like being so exposed.
Claudio didn't like that kid.
Claudio didn't like to tell that story.
Claudio didn't like to walk in the woods.
Claudio didn't make it to the checkpoint.
Claudio didn't mention those details.
Claudio didn't recognize the voice at all.
Claudio didn't recognize the voice.
Claudio didn't see anyone there.
Claudio didn't see what Isabella saw.
Claudio didn't seem to be there.
Claudio didn't shut the door in the first place.
Claudio didn't sign into Reddit.
Claudio didn't think much of it.
Claudio didn't want to talk to that guy at all.
Claudio doesn't condone cheating.
Claudio doesn't condone doing anything like this.
Claudio doesn't have cameras.
Claudio doesn't know the woman that he saw could have been.
Claudio doesn't know why Isabella targetted him.
Claudio doesn't take things Isabella says seriously.
Claudio dragged the spruce tree to his truck.
Claudio drove in the wrong direction of Isabella's house.
Claudio drove off, completely avoiding Isabella.
Claudio dug up Isabella's body.
Claudio ended up winning the case.
Claudio enjoyed living alone.
Claudio entered Isabella's address into his phone.
Claudio entered his apartment.
Claudio entered through an unlocked window.
Claudio escorted Isabella to the exit.
Claudio eventually made it out of the woods.
Claudio excused himself to leave for something.
Claudio exited the property.
Claudio fell asleep again.
Claudio felt like the sound was coming from inside of the walls.
Claudio felt more relaxed and at ease.
Claudio felt pressure on his neck.
Claudio felt safe to continue walking.
Claudio felt scared approaching his computer to turn it off.
Claudio felt threatened.
Claudio felt two hands grab his shoulders.
Claudio finally answered yes.
Claudio finally got back to his apartment.
Claudio finally put an end to that.
Claudio finally summoned up the courage to ask Isabella out.
Claudio finally understood Isabella.
Claudio finished his descent downstairs.
Claudio fixed the issue.
Claudio fled before Isabella could do anything.
Claudio flipped all the lights.
Claudio flipped back on his other side.
Claudio flipped on the outside light.
Claudio flirted with girls.
Claudio followed Isabella through the fog.
Claudio followed Isabella's voice in the dark.
Claudio followed the cop car to the police department.
Claudio found Isabella and followed her.
Claudio found Isabella in the woods.
Claudio found Isabella smoking in the backyard.
Claudio found Tatoeba interesting.
Claudio found a bottle.
Claudio found a homeless guy in the crops.
Claudio found a perfect escape point.
Claudio found a polaroid picture in the cardboard box.
Claudio found an abandoned property in the middle of nowhere.
Claudio found his way back.
Claudio found nothing upstairs.
Claudio found that a bit unsettling.
Claudio found the back door open.
Claudio froze for a few seconds.
Claudio gathered the courage to get up and check.
Claudio gave Isabella a bottle of water.
Claudio got Isabella and her sister in the woods.
Claudio got a DM from Isabella's Instagram account.
Claudio got a DM from Isabella.
Claudio got a call from a random phone number.
Claudio got a computer virus.
Claudio got a notification from Instagram that he got a new follower.
Claudio got a snap from Isabella.
Claudio got a terrible painful feeling in his stomach as he approached the closet.
Claudio got a virus from a suspicious-looking email.
Claudio got a virus from trying to download that game.
Claudio got an email five minutes later.
Claudio got back down on his knees to look under the bed.
Claudio got back into his car and took off.
Claudio got back to the house in five minutes.
Claudio got caught and arrested.
Claudio got home from work and made dinner.
Claudio got into his truck and drove out of there.
Claudio got lots of likes and comments on his pictures.
Claudio got new emails.
Claudio got on his knees and checked under the stalls.
Claudio got on his knees to get a deeper look at the well.
Claudio got out of the water.
Claudio got ready to make a break for it.
Claudio got to the bottom of the hill.
Claudio got to the other side of the school.
Claudio got up and walked towards the stairs.
Claudio had a blue beanie cap on.
Claudio had a brother named Walid.
Claudio had a few drinks.
Claudio had a new Honda Accord.
Claudio had a new picture on his Instagram profile.
Claudio had a scarf covering half his face.
Claudio had an extra room in the house.
Claudio had headphones on.
Claudio had his German Shepherd chase after the intruder.
Claudio had his Instagram profile set to public.
Claudio had his friend, who was a policeman, track the number and have the stalker arrested.
Claudio had his tent set up.
Claudio had homework to do.
Claudio had long hair and smoked pot.
Claudio had long hair.
Claudio had no idea what that sound could be.
Claudio had no shadow.
Claudio had no wife.
Claudio had nothing to do.
Claudio had over four hundred friends on Facebook.
Claudio had severe schizophrenia.
Claudio had something in his hand that Isabella couldn't see.
Claudio had strong instinct.
Claudio had that feeling once before.
Claudio had the police follow up on the death threats he had received.
Claudio had the whole family over.
Claudio had this friend named Walid.
Claudio had to be quick.
Claudio had to get up.
Claudio had to turn around and flee.
Claudio had to use a flashlight as the basement didn't have any lights installed.
Claudio happened to be home that night.
Claudio has a pool table in the basement.
Claudio has a summer home in Bejaia, Algeria.
Claudio has a very large closet.
Claudio has all the tools he needs.
Claudio has all your files.
Claudio has already left the house.
Claudio has been creeping Isabella out.
Claudio has been living in this room for five months.
Claudio has been talking about hunting.
Claudio has been there a total of forty times in his life.
Claudio has just moved in downstairs.
Claudio has other interests.
Claudio has recently gotten a new job as a psychiatric nurse.
Claudio has told Isabella to meet him now.
Claudio has two German Shepherds, Tick and Tack.
Claudio hasn't been sleeping these past few nights.
Claudio hasn't reported that to the police.
Claudio hasn't seen a jackal in five years.
Claudio hated working over there.
Claudio headed that way.
Claudio heard Isabella rushing down the stairs.
Claudio heard Isabella's voice in front of him, but he couldn't see her.
Claudio heard a ball bouncing downstairs.
Claudio heard a buzzing sound coming from the shed.
Claudio heard a click in the dark.
Claudio heard a click sound from one of the stalls.
Claudio heard a door open and shut.
Claudio heard a faint crying sound in the dark.
Claudio heard a loud aggressive bang on his window.
Claudio heard a loud thud.
Claudio heard a noise come from behind him.
Claudio heard a noise come from the basement.
Claudio heard a noise coming from below his window outside.
Claudio heard a set of Legos spill out in the den.
Claudio heard a slight tapping coming from the window.
Claudio heard footsteps close behind him.
Claudio heard his bedroom door open.
Claudio heard his name called again.
Claudio heard someone call his name from upstairs.
Claudio heard someone in another room.
Claudio heard something from the basement.
Claudio heard something rustling by the tree.
Claudio heard the TV downstairs turn on.
Claudio heard the backyard gate open.
Claudio heard the car door slam shut.
Claudio heard the scream of a woman in the crops.
Claudio heard the sound of footsteps crushing the snow behind him.
Claudio heard the sounds of evening crickets.
Claudio heard the truck's horn honking.
Claudio heard things come from the boiler room.
Claudio heard what sounded like a cat hissing.
Claudio heard what sounded like trash cans being banged one against the other.
Claudio held his German Shepherd back.
Claudio held the power button on his laptop until it turned off.
Claudio hid in the bush.
Claudio hit on the back of his leg.
Claudio hit the floor.
Claudio hoped that his German Shepherd would come back.
Claudio hung out the phone with his heart racing.
Claudio hung up the phone.
Claudio hurried to the truck.
Claudio inched his way closer to his truck.
Claudio insisted Isabella walk the German Shepherd.
Claudio invited Isabella over to a party.
Claudio is an active poster on that page.
Claudio is currently forty-four years old.
Claudio is early.
Claudio is five years younger than Isabella.
Claudio is from a small town called Sidi Aich in Algeria.
Claudio is going to be moving out soon.
Claudio is hardly ever home.
Claudio is not sure how Isabella found him.
Claudio is only available past ten most nights.
Claudio is passionate about food.
Claudio is returning home.
Claudio is still living with his mom and dad.
Claudio is still serving time in jail.
Claudio is still serving time in prison, likely for the rest of his life.
Claudio is the tenant from downstairs.
Claudio isn't going down there alone.
Claudio isn't violent by any means.
Claudio joined a drug chatroom.
Claudio just charged at Isabella.
Claudio just has to get out.
Claudio just stared back at Isabella with a crooked grin.
Claudio just stood there, listening.
Claudio just wanted to go to sleep and forget about it.
Claudio kept a blade in the glovebox.
Claudio kept looking back every five seconds.
Claudio kept talking about going to a party.
Claudio kept the TV downstairs.
Claudio knew in his gut that something wasn't right.
Claudio knew right away what that was.
Claudio knew something bad was about to go down.
Claudio knew that something was about to go down.
Claudio knew the boss didn't believe him.
Claudio knew what he was looking at couldn't be human.
Claudio knew what that sound was.
Claudio knocked on the wall and it seemed to be hollow.
Claudio knocked on the wall and the noises stopped.
Claudio knows his neighbors well.
Claudio knows the city well.
Claudio lay flat on the floor.
Claudio leaned out of his window to look.
Claudio learnt how to take care of himself.
Claudio led Isabella up to his room.
Claudio left a large amount of cash in the bedroom.
Claudio left a little early.
Claudio left all the backyard lights on.
Claudio left his laptop off the whole next day.
Claudio left in a hurry.
Claudio left the curtains to that window closed.
Claudio left the light to the bathroom on.
Claudio let Isabella live in that apartment.
Claudio let his German Shepherd off the leash.
Claudio let his German Shepherd sleep inside.
Claudio let out a blood-curdling scream.
Claudio licked the dog over and over.
Claudio lifted the blanket over his head to see who came.
Claudio lifted the blanket to see what was going on.
Claudio lifted the window up.
Claudio lined up a joint.
Claudio lived in a cul-de-sac where there were five other houses besides of his.
Claudio lived in a small town in southern Algeria.
Claudio lived in that house for many years.
Claudio lived in that house for over five years.
Claudio lived on a basically deserted street.
Claudio lived on a very quiet road.
Claudio lived on the upper level of a two-family house.
Claudio lived with his brother.
Claudio lives completely alone.
Claudio lives in a small peaceful town in Algeria.
Claudio lives in a very secluded mountainous place in Bejaia, Algeria.
Claudio lives next to a nature preserve.
Claudio lives on a farm in Bejaia, Algeria.
Claudio lives on the other side.
Claudio lives out of state.
Claudio locked the door and hid.
Claudio logged plane parts.
Claudio looked around the whole parking lot and could find his car.
Claudio looked at Isabella as if he needed help.
Claudio looked at that little vent on the wall.
Claudio looked at the window and it was open.
Claudio looked at where Isabella's light was pointed.
Claudio looked away from Isabella and started muttering something.
Claudio looked back every ten seconds.
Claudio looked down at his German Shepherd.
Claudio looked down into the basement.
Claudio looked outside and saw that blue van parked in front of his house again.
Claudio looked through the hole, but saw nothing.
Claudio looked to his left.
Claudio made Isabella feel a little better.
Claudio made a shocking discovery.
Claudio made a stupid mistake.
Claudio made another splashing noise.
Claudio made his parents mad.
Claudio made it back to the campsite.
Claudio made it out of prison alive.
Claudio made it to his backyard.
Claudio made loud noises at off hours of the night.
Claudio made sure Isabella was asleep.
Claudio made sure Isabella wasn't looking.
Claudio maintained eye contact with Isabella.
Claudio managed to run to the door and slam it shut.
Claudio married Isabella during his days as a Marine.
Claudio may come back.
Claudio met John at a sketchy motel.
Claudio might have issues with Isabella.
Claudio moved away just as the light revealed him.
Claudio named his German Shepherd "Rocky" after Rocky Balboa.
Claudio nearly shat himself.
Claudio needed some water.
Claudio needed to take care of some business.
Claudio needs help carrying his bag.
Claudio needs to clean his vomit-smelling room.
Claudio needs to stop trespassing on Isabella's property.
Claudio never received anything else in the mail that week.
Claudio never returned to that lake.
Claudio never saw Isabella outside of the house again.
Claudio never worked at a motel.
Claudio noticed Isabella staring at him intensely.
Claudio noticed Isabella staring at him.
Claudio once again went downstairs.
Claudio only watched the murders.
Claudio opened his email again.
Claudio opened the app.
Claudio opened the closet door.
Claudio opened the email and downloaded the contact.
Claudio opened up his Gmail and went to the spam folder.
Claudio paid Isabella for cleaning his room.
Claudio paid the money.
Claudio passed the big oak tree in the yard and went straight to the front door.
Claudio patted Isabella's shoulder and told her that no one would hurt her.
Claudio peeked from the door window.
Claudio peeked into the outside.
Claudio petted Isabella's German Shepherd.
Claudio picked up and said hello in a groggy voice.
Claudio picked up his pace even more.
Claudio placed a piece of tape over his webcam.
Claudio placed the vase on the table.
Claudio played Pokemon for the rest of the night.
Claudio played Pokemon on his PS.
Claudio played games on his phone.
Claudio playfully threw a snowball at Isabella, but she dodged it.
Claudio pleaded with Isabella to let him in.
Claudio prayed to God that Isabella would just go away.
Claudio pressed the button.
Claudio pretended to be handicapped to get a free ride.
Claudio pulled Isabella up above the water.
Claudio pulled his dad out of the bed and led him to his room.
Claudio pulled his truck up the side of the road.
Claudio pulled into the little parking lot and parked.
Claudio pulled off the road.
Claudio pulled the door open a little more.
Claudio pulled up on a hilly road.
Claudio pushed Isabella outside the exit door.
Claudio pushed Isabella, causing her to fall.
Claudio put his German Shepherd on his leash.
Claudio put his hands over his mouth.
Claudio put on his boots that he used for hiking.
Claudio put on his regular shoes.
Claudio put the phone down for a second to listen.
Claudio quietly crawled off his bed.
Claudio quietly laughed.
Claudio ran a deep and through cleaning of his computer.
Claudio ran as fast as he could into the water.
Claudio ran back inside his house and called the police.
Claudio ran for his truck.
Claudio ran for home.
Claudio ran out of the room, screaming.
Claudio ran outside in a fit of rage.
Claudio ran to his bathroom.
Claudio ran to his friends.
Claudio ran upstairs and locked the door.
Claudio ran upstairs, screaming.
Claudio reached out his hand for a handshake.
Claudio realized Isabella was telling the truth.
Claudio realized it was chilly in the room.
Claudio really didn't know what to do.
Claudio really hopes nothing happens to Isabella in prison.
Claudio received a DM on Instagram from some random account.
Claudio received a letter with no return address.
Claudio recently bought a cabin in the woods.
Claudio recognized Isabella's voice.
Claudio refused to go over there.
Claudio refused to show the rest of the picture.
Claudio released his grip on Isabella's neck.
Claudio remembered that his parents were not home.
Claudio reported an unidentified creature to the police.
Claudio reported the driver to Uber.
Claudio requested Rima come pick him up.
Claudio requested to follow Isabella back.
Claudio resigned from Uber.
Claudio responded to the customer's request.
Claudio restarted his computer.
Claudio returned to his room to prepare for bed.
Claudio returned with his dad to collect the tents.
Claudio rubbed his eyes as he was walking down the stairs.
Claudio said "hello" in a sort of annoyed voice.
Claudio said he saw someone in the garden.
Claudio said he was hungry.
Claudio said he was lying.
Claudio said that he didn't like video games.
Claudio said that the cops were there.
Claudio said that very clearly.
Claudio said that very quietly.
Claudio said that with a smile.
Claudio sat at a computer for most of the night.
Claudio sat diagonally from Isabella.
Claudio sat down on the cooler.
Claudio sat down on the trunk of the spruce tree.
Claudio sat up again.
Claudio saved all his important files on a flashdrive.
Claudio saved the day.
Claudio saw Isabella at various parties.
Claudio saw Isabella standing in the corner.
Claudio saw Isabella standing there still.
Claudio saw a cockroach crawl out of the vent.
Claudio saw a group of teenagers hanging out near the bus shelter.
Claudio saw a man in the reflection staring at him.
Claudio saw a person crouch-walking towards him.
Claudio saw a set of glowing eyes in the dark.
Claudio saw his German Shepherd's teeth sunk into Isabella's arm.
Claudio saw his brother lying face down on the concrete.
Claudio saw nothing at all.
Claudio saw nothing but trees on either side.
Claudio saw something in the sand by the water.
Claudio scared off Isabella's stalker.
Claudio scared the stalker off with his German Shepherd.
Claudio screamed at Isabella to drive.
Claudio screamed even louder.
Claudio screamed for Isabella.
Claudio screamed like a girl as he ran upstairs.
Claudio seemed a little concerned.
Claudio seemed nice.
Claudio sent Isabella a picture of the window.
Claudio sent Isabella another message.
Claudio served in the Vietnam war from 1960 to 1964.
Claudio set his Instagram profile to private.
Claudio set the picture as his desktop wallpaper.
Claudio set up his Xbox on the TV.
Claudio shared another important information.
Claudio shined a light in the vent.
Claudio shined his flashlight into the darkness below.
Claudio shot Isabella a few texts.
Claudio showed interest in Isabella while he had a girlfriend.
Claudio shut the window.
Claudio slammed the door shut and locked it.
Claudio slept in his son's room that night.
Claudio slipped behind Isabella.
Claudio slipped on his shoes and went outside to investigate.
Claudio smelt a burning smell.
Claudio smelt like cigarettes.
Claudio sounded like a grown man in his forties.
Claudio spent a lot of time home alone over the weekends.
Claudio started chopping away at the trunk of the spruce tree.
Claudio started counting down from forty.
Claudio started following the sound of the humming.
Claudio started full-on charging Isabella.
Claudio started getting ready for bed.
Claudio started hearing screams.
Claudio started his truck and did a three point turn.
Claudio started looking around in different directions.
Claudio started shaking the door aggressively.
Claudio started sprinting down the hill, back to the truck.
Claudio started to cry out.
Claudio started to feel threatened.
Claudio started to run back towards his house.
Claudio started to scream he was drowning.
Claudio started violently swinging the crowbar at Isabella.
Claudio started walking back through the clearing.
Claudio started walking to Isabella fast.
Claudio started walking to Isabella like a zombie.
Claudio stayed at a rundown motel.
Claudio stayed in the clearing.
Claudio stayed there over the weekend.
Claudio still doesn't know what to make of what was going on in that old and creepy house.
Claudio still uses that beach as a hangout spot.
Claudio stopped at a Home Depot and bought a Christmas tree from there.
Claudio stopped at the fore window.
Claudio stopped talking when Isabella completely ignored one of his questions.
Claudio stopped using Instagram for a few days.
Claudio stormed out of his room.
Claudio struggled to make it to the other side.
Claudio suddenly jumped up and sprinted towards the camera.
Claudio suddenly looked scared.
Claudio swore at Isabella, but she didn't acknowledge him.
Claudio tackled that man to the ground.
Claudio tagged Isabella in a picture.
Claudio talked about computer hackers.
Claudio talked in a very deep voice.
Claudio talked to Isabella about a curious encounter in the woods.
Claudio thought Isabella was going to break the door down.
Claudio thought it was Isabella at first.
Claudio threatened to call the police.
Claudio threw Isabella the keys.
Claudio threw a rock at Isabella's window, but she ignored it.
Claudio threw the letter in the trash.
Claudio told Isabella about the perfect spot to go camping.
Claudio told Isabella that he needed to use her phone.
Claudio told Isabella that he was scared.
Claudio told Isabella to hop in.
Claudio told Isabella to load her gun as he did himself.
Claudio told Isabella to stay upstairs.
Claudio told Isabella to wait there.
Claudio told all his friends about it.
Claudio told his German Shepherd to check the closet.
Claudio told his dad about the creature in the lake.
Claudio told his wife to go to sleep.
Claudio took a look through the crack of the door.
Claudio took all his important stuff and went.
Claudio took all his valuable and left the apartment.
Claudio took his German Shepherd by the collar.
Claudio took notice of that.
Claudio took off the headphone.
Claudio took off the headset.
Claudio took that seriously.
Claudio took the shotgun and went downstairs.
Claudio took the shotgun from under the bed.
Claudio took two more steps towards Isabella.
Claudio tortured John before killing him.
Claudio touched Isabella's back.
Claudio tracked Isabella's phone.
Claudio trespassed on Isabella's property.
Claudio tried his best to follow that rule.
Claudio tried restarting his computer.
Claudio tried running the program at least five more times.
Claudio tried the door handle very quietly, but it wouldn't open.
Claudio tried the lock button.
Claudio tried to continue playing.
Claudio tried to cover Isabella's mouth.
Claudio tried to decompress the folder.
Claudio tried to disguise his voice.
Claudio tried to pull his German Shepherd forward to continue their walk.
Claudio tried to rationalize.
Claudio tried to sneak up on Isabella.
Claudio turned back in the direction of the woods.
Claudio turned down another street.
Claudio turned his head 30 degrees to the right.
Claudio turned off the TV to allow total darkness in the room.
Claudio turned on the light in the bedroom.
Claudio turned the car around and floored it down the street.
Claudio turned the computer off by holding the power button for a few seconds.
Claudio turned the computer off for a couple hours.
Claudio turned to face the doorway.
Claudio typed "yo!" and Isabella typed "yo!" back.
Claudio typed "yo!" directed at Isabella.
Claudio used his dad's computer in the basement to do his homework.
Claudio used his iPhone flashlight to navigate the dark basement.
Claudio used to be a paramedic.
Claudio used to play a lot of hide-and-seek when he was young.
Claudio uses that park to bring girls on little dates.
Claudio waited and waited, but Isabella never showed up.
Claudio waited in the bed.
Claudio waited until Isabella was done.
Claudio walked along the long wall of trees.
Claudio walked away from that man without saying goodbye.
Claudio walked back upstairs.
Claudio walked backwards to his front door.
Claudio walked closer to the grave.
Claudio walked his German Shepherd around the backyard.
Claudio walked his German Shepherd twice a day.
Claudio walked really slowly to the back side of the basement.
Claudio walked through the clearing.
Claudio walked to his car which was parked in the parking lot.
Claudio walked to the air vents.
Claudio walked to the front door with his jacket on.
Claudio walked to the stairs and asked Isabella what she needed.
Claudio walked towards the exit of the nightclub.
Claudio walked towards the noise.
Claudio wanted Isabella to come into his room to meet his wife.
Claudio wanted that ride to be over as soon as possible.
Claudio wanted to do something new with his girlfriend.
Claudio wanted to get away from that group of teenagers.
Claudio wanted to get done in a hurry.
Claudio wanted to get out of there as soon as possible.
Claudio wanted to hang out with someone else to detox.
Claudio wanted to have fun with Isabella.
Claudio wanted to install the game on his laptop.
Claudio wanted to learn C++.
Claudio wanted to run out of the room.
Claudio was Isabella's first dog.
Claudio was a bit disappointed.
Claudio was a calm man.
Claudio was a former Uber driver.
Claudio was a heavy smoker.
Claudio was a little creepy-looking.
Claudio was a pussy.
Claudio was a relatively large guy.
Claudio was a remarkably intelligent man.
Claudio was a very mean, unpleasant and scary teenager.
Claudio was a very skinny fourteen-year-old.
Claudio was a young boy in his teens.
Claudio was able to break free.
Claudio was able to get the basic info off Isabella's computer.
Claudio was able to open the door.
Claudio was able to sleep after that.
Claudio was able to use his laptop again.
Claudio was actually wanted for sexual assault.
Claudio was afraid to look into the rear-view mirror.
Claudio was already out.
Claudio was always out, walking at night.
Claudio was as scared as a young child.
Claudio was at home alone, playing Call of Duty.
Claudio was at the backyard door.
Claudio was awake the whole night.
Claudio was bored out of his mind.
Claudio was brought to jail.
Claudio was building on Isabella's work.
Claudio was buried in the El Alia Cemetery in Algiers.
Claudio was calling out: "Hello?"
Claudio was caught trespassing.
Claudio was charged with rape.
Claudio was cleaning that room.
Claudio was clearly worried.
Claudio was contacting Isabella through Instagram.
Claudio was crawling on the carpet towards the door.
Claudio was crawling through a deep tunnel.
Claudio was dazed and confused.
Claudio was doing really poorly in one of his coding classes.
Claudio was dressed in jeans.
Claudio was driving a dark blue car.
Claudio was driving down a one-way street.
Claudio was embarrassed by it.
Claudio was exploring an abandoned farmhouse surrounded by woods in the middle of the night.
Claudio was eye-balling Isabella's brother.
Claudio was far from realizing how dangerous Isabella was.
Claudio was feeling tired.
Claudio was filmed doing some embarrassing things.
Claudio was following Isabella home.
Claudio was following Isabella on the woods.
Claudio was getting desperate.
Claudio was getting settled for the night.
Claudio was giving Isabella the most evil stare you would ever imagine.
Claudio was going to move to his new house.
Claudio was heading away from home.
Claudio was hearing some weird sounds coming from outside.
Claudio was hit by that man.
Claudio was holding a thousand-dinar bill.
Claudio was holding the door shut.
Claudio was hunched over his office desk.
Claudio was hunched over.
Claudio was in a coat.
Claudio was in a very hilly part of the park.
Claudio was in calculus class.
Claudio was in front of the bushes.
Claudio was in his boxers.
Claudio was in his office room.
Claudio was in shock, but extremely grateful.
Claudio was in tears.
Claudio was in the picture.
Claudio was into smoking pot.
Claudio was just a casual acquaintance.
Claudio was just talking to himself.
Claudio was just waiting for Isabella to come upstairs.
Claudio was just watching TV.
Claudio was laying in his bed, sleeping.
Claudio was living in his old house.
Claudio was looking at Isabella and her German Shepherd.
Claudio was looking at Isabella with this lifeless smile.
Claudio was looking at the vents.
Claudio was looking at us.
Claudio was looking for quiet tenants.
Claudio was lucky as hell he was never invited to that party.
Claudio was making moaning sounds.
Claudio was moaning in discomfort.
Claudio was moaning in pain.
Claudio was more polite.
Claudio was moving from his parents' place.
Claudio was much smaller than Isabella was.
Claudio was never targetted.
Claudio was no longer calling out for Isabella.
Claudio was on land.
Claudio was once again playing video games.
Claudio was out of breath.
Claudio was out to get Isabella.
Claudio was playing FIFA with his friend.
Claudio was playing War Zone on his Xbox.
Claudio was playing Zelda.
Claudio was playing a trick on Isabella.
Claudio was pronounced dead at the scene.
Claudio was pulling the door shut.
Claudio was put into a cell for a few days.
Claudio was ready to use the blade.
Claudio was really large.
Claudio was running that Instagram profile.
Claudio was screaming things like "where are you?" and "I'll kill you!"
Claudio was searching for a small spruce tree that could fit in his living room.
Claudio was seeing things because he hadn't got enough sleep.
Claudio was seemingly confused.
Claudio was shaking once he realized what kind of man John was.
Claudio was shirtless.
Claudio was sitting by his window, looking at Isabella.
Claudio was sitting down.
Claudio was sitting in his room, doing his homework.
Claudio was sitting in the middle of the crops alone, shaking in fear.
Claudio was sitting on the stoep, talking.
Claudio was so bored.
Claudio was so close to the bush that Isabella was hiding in.
Claudio was so comfortable.
Claudio was speeding down the street like a mad man.
Claudio was splashing about.
Claudio was stalking Isabella on Facebook like she was some slut.
Claudio was standing at Isabella's door in his pajamas.
Claudio was standing by the freshly cut spruce tree.
Claudio was standing in the fog, in front of Isabella.
Claudio was standing in the garden.
Claudio was standing in the mud.
Claudio was standing maybe ten yards away.
Claudio was standing mere feet away from Isabella.
Claudio was standing over Isabella, bending slightly.
Claudio was staying at his girlfriend's house for a month.
Claudio was staying in the room next door.
Claudio was still asleep.
Claudio was still back there.
Claudio was still glaring at Isabella's brother.
Claudio was still hearing noises.
Claudio was still in sight through the fog.
Claudio was still spending most of his time at his parents' house.
Claudio was still watching Isabella.
Claudio was supposed to go shopping.
Claudio was tagetting young men.
Claudio was taken away in an ambulance.
Claudio was talking about life.
Claudio was talking in general terms.
Claudio was talking to himself in the den.
Claudio was tapping on the back door.
Claudio was the first to hide.
Claudio was the seeker and Isabella was the hider.
Claudio was truly great at what he did.
Claudio was trying to be brave.
Claudio was trying to climb up to Isabella's window.
Claudio was trying to kidnap Isabella.
Claudio was trying to stalk Isabella.
Claudio was unloading the trunk.
Claudio was up in New York.
Claudio was upset with Isabella for waking him.
Claudio was upstairs, in Isabella's room.
Claudio was using his laptop.
Claudio was visiting a safe website.
Claudio was waiting for the light to turn green.
Claudio was walking on that street.
Claudio was walking slowly towards Isabella and her German Shepherd.
Claudio was walking through the doorway.
Claudio was walking to the kitchen.
Claudio was wanted on five counts of murder.
Claudio was wasting too much time looking for his phone.
Claudio was watching Isabella drive away.
Claudio was watching a live video.
Claudio was with Isabella at that moment.
Claudio was with his German Shepherd.
Claudio was working on that plane.
Claudio was working on the computer his parents used.
Claudio wasn't allowed to be on his phone.
Claudio wasn't entirely comfortable with that situation.
Claudio wasn't following Isabella.
Claudio wasn't going anywhere.
Claudio wasn't staring at Isabella.
Claudio wasn't too surprised.
Claudio watched Isabella as she slept.
Claudio watched a Christmas movie.
Claudio watched the whole thing through his window.
Claudio weighs about the same as Isabella.
Claudio went after Isabella and her brother.
Claudio went back inside for a flashlight.
Claudio went back to his room to hit the hay.
Claudio went back to the base to talk to his supervisor.
Claudio went back to whatever he was doing and never said a word.
Claudio went down there with Isabella.
Claudio went downstairs to see what the commotion was.
Claudio went downstairs to the den.
Claudio went out the front door.
Claudio went outside to inspect the backyard.
Claudio went outside to smoke throughout the night.
Claudio went to Isabella's high school.
Claudio went to a forest full of spruce trees.
Claudio went to a sketchy hotel.
Claudio went to check the tent.
Claudio went to explore a different section of the house.
Claudio went to hide behind a big pine tree.
Claudio went to his hunting cabin.
Claudio went to look down there.
Claudio went to report the account on Reddit.
Claudio went to that bar on the weekends.
Claudio went to the kitchen to call his dad.
Claudio went under his bed to grab his gun.
Claudio went under the bed for the shotgun.
Claudio will be right out.
Claudio will give Isabella a discount.
Claudio will never hear from Isabella again.
Claudio will update everyone if anything changes.
Claudio witnessed something completely supernatural.
Claudio woke to a thud.
Claudio woke to some weird muffled thuds.
Claudio woke up again.
Claudio woke up around five am.
Claudio woke up at five in the morning, feeling extremely thirsty.
Claudio woke up in the night to his wife shaking him.
Claudio woke up suddenly.
Claudio woke up to barking.
Claudio woke up to growling.
Claudio wondered what his German Shepherd was growling at.
Claudio worked full-time.
Claudio works late shifts.
Claudio would never work at another motel.
Claudio wrote a paragraph full of his personal information.
Claudio yelled at Isabella to stop before he called the police.
Claudio yelled for Isabella to run, but she was frozen in place.
Claudio yelled in a panic.
Claudio yelled out at Isabella to turn around.
Claudio's Facebook account was taken down.
Claudio's German Shepherd attacked the intruder.
Claudio's German Shepherd bit Isabella on the leg.
Claudio's German Shepherd chased after the intruder.
Claudio's German Shepherd chased that man.
Claudio's German Shepherd disappeared.
Claudio's German Shepherd finally budged and started walking by his side again.
Claudio's German Shepherd got lost in the woods.
Claudio's German Shepherd is always a joy to walk.
Claudio's German Shepherd is silent now.
Claudio's German Shepherd led him to the crops.
Claudio's German Shepherd looked at him.
Claudio's German Shepherd never ran away.
Claudio's German Shepherd ran back down the trail.
Claudio's German Shepherd saved his life.
Claudio's German Shepherd started barking again.
Claudio's German Shepherd started barking in the other direction.
Claudio's German Shepherd started barking like a rabid dog.
Claudio's German Shepherd started pulling in the direction of the screams.
Claudio's German Shepherd started pulling on her leash.
Claudio's German Shepherd started tugging on his leash.
Claudio's German Shepherd stopped him again.
Claudio's German Shepherd stopped in her tracks.
Claudio's German Shepherd was chasing after that man.
Claudio's German Shepherd was found and brought to a shelter.
Claudio's German Shepherd was hurt.
Claudio's German Shepherd was in the center of the room.
Claudio's German Shepherd was looking at a closet door.
Claudio's German Shepherd was looking behind us.
Claudio's German Shepherd was looking straight ahead.
Claudio's German Shepherd was looking up at the closet.
Claudio's German Shepherd was lost.
Claudio's German Shepherd was pulling him through the crops.
Claudio's German Shepherd was standing in the middle of the room.
Claudio's German Shepherd was still alive and well.
Claudio's German Shepherd was thirsty.
Claudio's Instagram profile had five followers.
Claudio's accomplice sprinted away.
Claudio's ankle was pouring out blood.
Claudio's articles were never published.
Claudio's blood froze in horror.
Claudio's car was parked in that little parking lot.
Claudio's chatroom didn't have a title.
Claudio's computer made a weird noise.
Claudio's computer started acting up.
Claudio's computer was working much slower.
Claudio's desktop wallpaper was changed.
Claudio's father died from cancer.
Claudio's father died when him and his brother were very young.
Claudio's fear has subdued a little bit.
Claudio's footsteps increased in speed and intensity.
Claudio's grandparents passed away.
Claudio's heart was in his throat.
Claudio's house is at the far end of a cul-de-sac.
Claudio's house sits next to a nature preserve.
Claudio's house was surrounded by nothing but woods.
Claudio's hunting cabin had two very small rooms.
Claudio's imagination was running wild.
Claudio's laptop got back to normal working speed after that.
Claudio's only protection in the woods was his German Shepherd.
Claudio's parents don't mind.
Claudio's pictures were extremely embarrassing.
Claudio's room is in the basement.
Claudio's smile didn't give Isabella a good feeling.
Claudio's tent was shredded.
Claudio's true victim count is much higher than twenty-four.
Claudio's voice was muffled through his scarf as he called for Isabella.
Claudius is making a white box for his friend.
Claudius, seeing a mighty man before him, saw things looked serious and understood that here he had not quite the same pre-eminence as at Rome, where no one was his equal.
Claus, however, being mortal, grew to manhood day by day.
Clava loves all things irrational, and works at the kindergarten for precisely that reason.
Clay accepted the offer.
Clay bricks can be bought from the manufacturer.
Clay demanded an investigation.
Clay did not agree with all of Adams's policies.
Clay did not agree with all of Adams’s policies.
Clay is the essential ingredient in making pottery.
Clayton's first thought was to arrange a sleeping shelter for the night.
Clean Monday symbolizes purity.
Clean all the cutlery.
Clean both sides of the cutting board to ensure it's thoroughly sanitized.
Clean everything up before Mom comes.
Clean everything up.
Clean everything.
Clean hands are superheroes, champ! Wash them often and keep the germs away.
Clean hands help prevent the spread of diseases.
Clean hands keep you safe from getting sick.
Clean hands save lives.
Clean it all up.
Clean it up, Tom.
Clean it up.
Clean it.
Clean money has become a part of the effort to halt the transmission of the virus. The government is asking banks to provide customers with new banknotes whenever possible. China has also started to disinfect used paper money.
Clean out the garbage disposal regularly to prevent odors.
Clean out the glove box.
Clean out the glove compartment.
Clean out the room in the morning.
Clean out the shed and throw away things you don't need.
Clean out the shed and throw away things you don’t need.
Clean out the toaster's crumb tray regularly to prevent a fire hazard.
Clean surfaces you use often everyday.
Clean that up.
Clean that window.
Clean the CD player regularly to prevent dust buildup.
Clean the CDs with a soft cloth, not your shirt.
Clean the VCR's head periodically for optimal playback quality.
Clean the apparatus only with dry cloth.
Clean the ashes out of the fireplace.
Clean the barrel of this rifle.
Clean the canary's toys and perches regularly.
Clean the cut out before you apply the band-aid on it.
Clean the dirt off the mirror.
Clean the dirty dishes.
Clean the dust off the shelf.
Clean the dust off your clothes.
Clean the fridge handle and surfaces regularly with a mild cleaner.
Clean the laptop's vents regularly to prevent overheating.
Clean the litter box twice a day.
Clean the microwave after using it, please.
Clean the microwave door regularly.
Clean the microwave.
Clean the mirror.
Clean the pots and pans.
Clean the pots.
Clean the refrigerator's shelves, drawers, and door compartments regularly.
Clean the room.
Clean the saucepans.
Clean the sink.
Clean the stereo regularly to keep it dust-free.
Clean the stove and oven after cooking.
Clean the stove regularly to prevent food buildup and odors.
Clean the table already!
Clean the tablet screen gently with a microfiber cloth.
Clean the window with a damp cloth.
Clean the window.
Clean the windows.
Clean the windshield up.
Clean this up.
Clean those brushes.
Clean under and around the refrigerator and other kitchen appliances.
Clean under your nails.
Clean up a little.
Clean up after you have finished using the bathroom.
Clean up after you're done.
Clean up after your dog.
Clean up after yourself.
Clean up after yourselves.
Clean up any spills or messes you make in the bathroom.
Clean up before dinner.
Clean up everything.
Clean up spills inside the oven as soon as they happen to avoid stubborn stains.
Clean up that mess.
Clean up that spill.
Clean up the evidence.
Clean up the kitchen.
Clean up the litter!
Clean up the mess you made right now.
Clean up the mess you've made.
Clean up the mess.
Clean up the room.
Clean up this clutter!
Clean up this mess before Tom sees it.
Clean up this mess.
Clean up this place.
Clean up your act.
Clean up your area before you clock out.
Clean up your mess after making a sandwich.
Clean up your mess.
Clean up your mouth before you speak to me.
Clean up your own mess.
Clean up your play area after you're done with your toys.
Clean up your room!
Clean up your room.
Clean utensils used for baking or cooking to prevent stubborn residue.
Clean water tastes of nothing.
Clean your bed.
Clean your bong.
Clean your feet.
Clean your hands with soap and water.
Clean your hands.
Clean your lips with the napkin.
Clean your plate!
Clean your plate.
Clean your room before going out.
Clean your room before you go out to play.
Clean your room!
Clean your room, or else all hell will break loose!
Clean your room, or you're gonna get it!
Clean your room, please.
Clean your room.
Clean your rooms.
Clean your snorkel.
Clean your teeth!
Clean your teeth.
Clean your towels properly.
Clean your windshield.
Clean yourself up, Tom.
Clean-shaven, you look ten years younger.
Cleaning a bus takes a long time.
Cleaning actually makes us happy.
Cleaning can be done using chemical or mechanical denture cleaners.
Cleaning earwax requires care.
Cleaning fish can gross out a lot of people.
Cleaning is necessary.
Cleaning is the uneven distribution of garbage.
Cleaning out the rain gutters is never much fun.
Cleaning out the rain gutters wasn't much fun.
Cleaning the garage wasn't much fun.
Cleaning the garage wasn’t much fun.
Cleaning the windows wasn't part of Diego's job.
Cleaning up after ourselves is important. Put your toys away, please.
Cleaning up after the party was no picnic.
Cleaning up radiation, in soil, air, and water, became possible in the 23rd century.
Cleaning up the house is truly my most dreaded task.
Cleaning up your room is a valuable life skill you should develop.
Cleaning will continue today.
Cleanliness has nothing to do with poverty.
Cleanliness is a health guarantee.
Cleanliness is a virtue.
Cleanliness is next to Godliness.
Cleanliness is next to godliness.
Cleanliness is proper to the Japanese.
Cleanse me! Release me! Set me free!
Cleanup crews have collected dozens of tons of palm oil from the beaches, while simultaneously dealing with a foul smell from the congealed palm oil and searing temperatures reaching 33 degrees Celsius.
Cleanup on aisle four.
Cleanup will cost millions of dollars.
Clear all filters.
Clear away the table things.
Clear communication solves problems.
Clear conversations support your children' development.
Clear cutting is so ugly.
Clear foresight contributed greatly to his success.
Clear off all those crumbs from the table right now.
Clear off the shelf, and you can put your books there.
Clear off the table and grab the jigsaw puzzle.
Clear off the table.
Clear out any weeds surrounding them.
Clear out.
Clear selection.
Clear society of its evils.
Clear that out of the way.
Clear the area, please.
Clear the corridor!
Clear the decks.
Clear the field.
Clear the road. It's not safe.
Clear the sidewalk of the bicycles.
Clear the snow and you'll see that it's not a bad training.
Clear the table first.
Clear the table.
Clear the way.
Clear this up for me.
Clear up a doubt.
Clear up the cause.
Clear up your desk a bit.
Clear up your toys.
Clear water breeds no fish.
Clear your desk of clutter before starting a new project.
Clear your head.
Clear your mind.
Clear your toys away.
Cleared, the site will be valuable.
Clearing snow can be fun.
Clearly Tom and Mary hate each other.
Clearly he was one of those rare beings who can radiate energy standing still and convey the impression of impetuous force without motion, a trick of the eyes, a refusal to sag.
Clearly it's hard for you to relate to the inexperienced, but what if you were one of them?
Clearly nothing's been done here for years.
Clearly tell me what your intentions are.
Clearly that match was going to be a very close thing.
Clearly that's true.
Clearly the game has changed.
Clearly you are mistaken.
Clearly you don't own an air fryer.
Clearly you don't understand what's going on.
Clearly you're not interested.
Clearly!
Clearly, I make you uncomfortable.
Clearly, I was overly optimistic.
Clearly, I was wrong.
Clearly, Lojban is easier than Postscript.
Clearly, Tom and Mary aren't buying it.
Clearly, Tom has a lot to learn.
Clearly, Tom is guilty.
Clearly, Tom is making a mistake.
Clearly, Tom isn't buying it.
Clearly, Tom prefers theater to politics.
Clearly, both drivers weren't paying attention to the road.
Clearly, he's guilty.
Clearly, it would be worthwhile for me to read this book.
Clearly, it's a fraud.
Clearly, looks can be very deceiving.
Clearly, people are tired of it.
Clearly, plesiosaurs could swim.
Clearly, she knows a lot about biotechnology.
Clearly, something has gone wrong.
Clearly, that was a mistake.
Clearly, that wasn't enough.
Clearly, that wasn't the case.
Clearly, the Time Traveller proceeded, any real body must have extension in four directions: it must have Length, Breadth, Thickness, and Duration.
Clearly, the answer is no.
Clearly, the rumor is false.
Clearly, the rumor is not true.
Clearly, the rumor isn't true.
Clearly, there were people who felt the same way that he did.
Clearly, there's no hope.
Clearly, they have more important things to worry about.
Clearly, this is the most important point.
Clearly, we have different priorities.
Clearly, we have work to do.
Clearly, we need to do something.
Clearly, you don't understand what's going on.
Clearly, you have feelings for Tom.
Clearly, you know Tom.
Clearly, you're angry with Tom.
Clearness should be a guiding principle of every technical writer.
Clement Atlee was elected prime minister in 1945.
Clementine originates from Algeria.
Clementine originates from the town of Messerghine in Algeria.
Clench your butt-cheeks.
Clench your teeth together, please.
Clench your teeth, please.
Cleopatra became the queen of Egypt in the year 51 B.C.
Cleopatra learned to speak Egyptian.
Cleopatra lived closer to our time than she lived to the building of the pyramids.
Cleopatra was Julius Caesar's lover and they had a child called Caesarion, or "little Caesar".
Cleopatra was famed for her beauty.
Cleopatra was in Rome the day Julius Caesar was assassinated.
Cleopatra was the last ruler of the Ptolemaic dynasty.
Cleopatra was very smart. She spoke at least nine languages.
Clerks with sticky fingers won't keep their jobs for long.
Clerks with sticky fingers won’t keep their jobs for long.
Cleveland decided that high tariffs were wrong.
Cleveland is on Lake Erie.
Cleveland was not sure the boy was his son.
Clever as he is, he still cannot solve this math problem.
Clever ideas often chase me, but I'm faster!
Clever little thing, aren't you?
Clever people know how to make money out of nothing.
Clever programming requires a computer.
Clever sentence! That's all I am going to say.
Cliches abound in my career.
Cliches are the enemy of careful observation.
Click "OK".
Click OK on the pop-up window.
Click OK to confirm your order.
Click a photo of mine please.
Click and drag the scrollbar to move quickly down the webpage.
Click below to listen.
Click below to sign the petition!
Click here for details.
Click here for more information.
Click here if you wish to subscribe to the newsletter.
Click here to confirm.
Click here to create an account.
Click here to edit the sentence.
Click here to find out more.
Click here to log in.
Click here to post a comment.
Click here to register.
Click here to see the pictures.
Click here to select the objects across all pages.
Click here to skip this ad.
Click here to track your package.
Click here to track your parcel.
Click here.
Click me to hide this screen.
Click on "edit mode".
Click on "log in" at the top-right corner of the screen.
Click on "save" to begin the download.
Click on a school's name to find information about that school.
Click on e-mail.
Click on it.
Click on that button.
Click on that red button.
Click on the 'Report' button to report this post to the website admin.
Click on the button below to confirm your order.
Click on the button to check your answer.
Click on the button to confirm your order.
Click on the button.
Click on the link below this video.
Click on the link below.
Click on the link.
Click on the red button.
Click on the word to look for example sentences in the corpus of the Amazigh language.
Click that like button and subscribe.
Click that link first.
Click the "Like" button and subscribe to my channel!
Click the "Report" button to report a problem with the sentence.
Click the "Skip" button to skip the current sentence.
Click the "Submit" button to submit your voice recordings.
Click the OK button.
Click the image to hear animal's sound.
Click the like button and subscribe.
Click the like button to win a free iPhone 4.
Click the link.
Click the microphone icon, then read the sentence aloud.
Click the microphone icon.
Click the picture of the frog riding the stag beetle, Paddy.
Click the picture to go to the next page!
Click the picture, Paddy.
Click the play icon. Did they say the sentence accurately?
Click to edit!
Click to edit.
Click to get your promo code!
Click to publish.
Click twice on the browser's icon to open it.
Click!
Click: Quickly pushing the mouse's left hand side button once.
Click: Quickly pushing the mouse’s left hand side button once.
Clicking on the link below, you can watch the full video.
Clicking on the logo brings you back to the main page of the website.
Clients will be able to buy select products at a discount.
Climate change affects water demand and the ways water is used within and across regions and economic sectors.
Climate change and global warming are looming over the heads of Gen Zers, who will largely be the ones who will deal with the effects.
Climate change and ocean acidification can result in mass coral bleaching events, increased susceptibility to disease, slower growth and reproductive rates, and degraded reef structure.
Climate change can exacerbate desertification in northern Algeria.
Climate change causes sea levels to rise.
Climate change concerns us all.
Climate change could cause the loss of 85% of coral reefs.
Climate change could pose an existential threat to Algeria.
Climate change effects on agriculture will have consequences for food security, both in the U.S. and globally, through changes in crop yields and food prices and effects on food processing, storage, transportation, and retailing.
Climate change has a broad impact on health, both through the direct effect that climate change has on extreme weather—heat waves to heavy rainfall events and associated flooding, coastal storms, hurricanes—but also indirectly, in the way that it alters disease ecology, or ecosystems that are important in maintaining a healthy environment.
Climate change has brought dramatic droughts and floods around the world, ruining harvests of important cereal crops and reviving concerns about food security on a warmer planet. Researchers at the U.S. Department of Agriculture are looking at cereal crops at risk and their wild, weedy relatives. The weeds are more resilient under extreme conditions, and seem to be benefiting from climate change, while regular crops suffer.
Climate change impacts everyone.
Climate change impacts on biodiversity are already being observed in alteration of the timing of critical biological events such as spring bud burst, and substantial range shifts of many species. In the longer term, there is an increased risk of species extinction.
Climate change impacts will increase the total costs to the Nation’s transportation systems and their users, but these impacts can be reduced through rerouting, mode change, and a wide range of adaptive actions.
Climate change is a global problem.
Climate change is a risk management challenge for society; it presents uncertain—and potentially severe—consequences for natural and human systems across generations.
Climate change is a serious problem.
Climate change is aiding the spread of invasive species.
Climate change is happening faster than scientists had expected.
Climate change is irreversible.
Climate change is largely caused by human activity.
Climate change is not a hoax.
Climate change is our greatest challenge.
Climate change is real and it's caused by humans.
Climate change is real, people.
Climate change is real.
Climate change is seen by many as the defining issue of our time.
Climate change is the biggest threat that we face.
Climate change is the single greatest global threat to coral reefs.
Climate change is transforming where and how we live and presents growing challenges to human health and quality of life, the economy, and the natural systems that support us.
Climate change isn't a hoax.
Climate change presents a huge threat to Algeria.
Climate change threatens human health and well-being in many ways, including through impacts from increased extreme weather events, wildfire, decreased air quality, threats to mental health, and illnesses transmitted by food, water, and disease carriers such as mosquitoes and ticks. Some of these health impacts are already underway in the United States.
Climate change threatens to exacerbate existing social and economic inequalities.
Climate change threatens to make Algeria's economic situation worse.
Climate change will, absent other changes, amplify some of the existing health threats the Nation now faces. Certain people and communities are especially vulnerable, including children, the elderly, the sick, the poor, and some communities of color.
Climate change, civil war, financial hardship, and infrastructural chaos have all caused turmoil in this country.
Climate change, pollution and fishing are causing irreversible damage to New Zealand's marine environment and putting many birds and mammals at risk of extinction, according to a new report from the nation’s Ministry for the Environment.
Climate deniers are a cancer upon this earth.
Climate disruptions to agriculture have been increasing and are projected to become more severe over this century.
Climate is what we expect, weather is what we get.
Climate models representing our understanding of historical and current climate conditions are often used to project how our world will change under future conditions.
Climate negotiators from more than 100 countries are struggling to reach a broad agreement on a new global treaty to further cut carbon emissions.
Climate scientists expect above-normal temperatures over the next three months, despite the absence of an El Nino, a natural phenomenon that tends to boost global temperatures.
Climate scientists say we need to avert an additional 2-degree temperature increase to avoid the most catastrophic impacts of climate change.
Climate scientists warn the world is courting disaster if it fails to swiftly do what’s required to limit global warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius.
Climate shapes where and how we live and the environment around us.
Climate terrorism seems to be reality.
Climate variability and weather extremes make farming a very challenging way to earn a living.
Climate-related risks will continue to grow without additional action.
Climatologists on both sides of the debate agree no single weather event may be used to prove, or disprove, the existence of climate change.
Climb Mount Fuji, oh snail, but slowly, slowly.
Climb aboard!
Climb down from there.
Climb down out of that tree immediately!
Climb down the tree.
Climb down.
Climb inside.
Climb on board the truck.
Climb on my back and hold on tightly to my neck. I'll take care of everything else.
Climb onto the roof.
Climb the mast!
Climb to the top.
Climb up slowly, Tom!
Climb up the tree.
Climb up there.
Climb up.
Climb!
Climb.
Climbers John Snorri from Iceland, Juan Pablo Mohr from Chile and Muhammad Ali Sadpara from Pakistan, lost contact with base camp Friday during their ascent of the 8,611-meter mountain.
Climbing Mount Everest is not without its dangers.
Climbing a mountain is a breathtaking challenge.
Climbing a mountain is rather like travelling towards the polar regions.
Climbing is forbidden.
Climbing that mountain was a piece of cake.
Climbing that steep mountain is a physical impossibility.
Climbing the Matterhorn is difficult.
Climbing the cliff alone is a bold deed.
Climbing the ramp, she felt someone's inquisitive gaze on her.
Climbing this mountain is very difficult.
Cling film is made from polyethylene.
Clinginess is an undesirable quality in a romantic partner.
Clinical laboratory diagnostics is a most important and integral part of medicine.
Clinical studies have shown the drug to be effective and safe.
Clinics are being set up.
Clint Eastwood was elected mayor of Carmel.
Clint Eastwood's latest movie is on at the theater.
Clint Eastwood’s latest movie is on at the theater.
Clinton can play the saxophone and Trump can play the trumpet.
Clip your nails.
Clive wants to be an electronic engineer.
Clock's ticking.
Clocks are a frightening thing: they show you time and again how quickly time passes.
Clocks keep track of time.
Clocks measure time.
Clocks used to be wound every day.
Clog dancing is very popular around here.
Clogged arteries can cause heart attacks.
Clogs are a symbol of the Netherlands.
Cloned mice, beetle-resistant potato plants, and the use of DNA as evidence in criminal investigations are all possible because of genetics, a science which examines origin, development and heredity.
Cloned sheep and stem-cell research are genetics-related topics that lots of people hear about, but not many understand well.
Clones don't have feelings.
Cloning is a controversial method of reproducing organisms.
Cloning is a type of asexual reproduction, a method for organisms to reproduce without two parents.
Cloning of humans is prohibited, but is being done.
Cloning of supermen in the military became the norm.
Cloning people raises serious ethical problems.
Close all apps.
Close all of the doors and windows!
Close all the doors and windows!
Close all the doors and windows.
Close all the doors.
Close all the windows and doors!
Close all the windows.
Close and lock the door please!
Close any unnecessary programs to save battery life.
Close by my home there lies a singular wooded hollow, in whose twilight deeps I spent most of my time; reading, thinking and dreaming.
Close by the water, in a sheltered bay, / a few guardians of the oars we choose, / then stretched at random on the beach we lay / our limbs to rest, and on the toil-worn crews / sleep steals in silence down, and sheds her kindly dews.
Close cling their ladders to the walls; these, fain / to clutch the doorposts, climb from floor to floor, / their right hands strive the battlements to gain, / their left with lifted shield the arrowy storm sustain.
Close her locker.
Close it!
Close it.
Close neighbors are better than far-away relatives.
Close observation is necessary for the experiment.
Close only counts in horseshoes and hand grenades.
Close that curtain!
Close that door!
Close that door.
Close that drawer.
Close that window.
Close the DVD cases properly.
Close the blinds.
Close the bloody door.
Close the book!
Close the book.
Close the box.
Close the cabinet doors and pantry to keep the kitchen looking neat.
Close the cage.
Close the chest.
Close the curtain.
Close the curtains so the neighbors can't see in.
Close the curtains! It's because the person living in the house across the street is a voyeur.
Close the curtains! The guy living in the house across the street is a Peeping Tom.
Close the curtains.
Close the damn door!
Close the damned door!
Close the door after you come in.
Close the door after you when you leave the room.
Close the door after you.
Close the door and lock it.
Close the door and open the window!
Close the door and sit down!
Close the door and sit down.
Close the door before going to bed.
Close the door before you go.
Close the door behind Tom.
Close the door behind you when you leave.
Close the door behind you, please.
Close the door behind you.
Close the door for privacy.
Close the door on your way out.
Close the door please.
Close the door to the bathroom.
Close the door when you leave.
Close the door when you're in the bathroom.
Close the door!
Close the door! Were you born in a barn?
Close the door, Tom.
Close the door, it's chilly and we want to stay warm.
Close the door, it's too cold for it to be open.
Close the door, please!
Close the door, please.
Close the door, we don't want the cold air coming in.
Close the door.
Close the door. I don't want the neighbors to know about my stuff.
Close the door. There is a draft here.
Close the doors.
Close the drawer.
Close the faucet when you're finished using it.
Close the fridge door properly after getting what you need.
Close the fucking door!
Close the garage door.
Close the gate!
Close the gate.
Close the gates!
Close the hatch.
Close the lid of the toilet before flushing.
Close the lid of the trash can to keep odors and pests at bay.
Close the page!
Close the pantry and cabinets after you're finished, so it looks neat.
Close the pantry door gently to prevent damage.
Close the program out.
Close the refrigerator.
Close the safe.
Close the shutters and draw the curtains. There must be as little light as possible.
Close the shutters.
Close the stadium!
Close the tab.
Close the tablet apps properly before shutting it down.
Close the trunk.
Close the window before going to bed.
Close the window before going to sleep.
Close the window before you go to bed.
Close the window before you leave.
Close the window when you go.
Close the window when you leave.
Close the window!
Close the window, it's chilly inside.
Close the window, it's cold and breezy outside.
Close the window, it's too cold for fresh air.
Close the window, it's too cold for it to be open.
Close the window, it's too cold to have it open.
Close the window, please.
Close the window, will you?
Close the window.
Close the window. It's chilly and drafty.
Close the window. It's cold, and there's a draught.
Close the window. The rain's coming in.
Close the window. There's a draft.
Close the window. There's a draught.
Close the windows and curtains.
Close the windows.
Close the windows. Otherwise, mosquitoes will get in.
Close things look blurred.
Close this drawer.
Close this window.
Close your book.
Close your books!
Close your books.
Close your doors, please.
Close your ears and shut your eyes.
Close your eyes again.
Close your eyes and count to ten.
Close your eyes and fall asleep.
Close your eyes and feel the wind in your hair.
Close your eyes and go to sleep.
Close your eyes and make a wish.
Close your eyes and picture a log house.
Close your eyes and shut up.
Close your eyes and sleep!
Close your eyes and sleep.
Close your eyes and take a deep breath.
Close your eyes and tell me what you hear.
Close your eyes and think of a ticking clock.
Close your eyes and try to remember.
Close your eyes and you will see.
Close your eyes for a few moments.
Close your eyes for a moment and look for the answer.
Close your eyes for three minutes.
Close your eyes when you listen to music!
Close your eyes when you listen to music.
Close your eyes you will find yourself old.
Close your eyes! Tom is walking around naked.
Close your eyes, Tom.
Close your eyes, and count to ten.
Close your eyes, and listen carefully.
Close your eyes, and try to get some sleep.
Close your eyes, open your mouth.
Close your eyes, please.
Close your eyes, relax and let your imagination and emotions run freely.
Close your eyes.
Close your eyes. Concentrate on the movement of your body and your breathing.
Close your eyes. What you see then belongs to you.
Close your hand.
Close your left eye.
Close your legs.
Close your locker.
Close your mind.
Close your mouth to eat!
Close your mouth!
Close your mouth.
Close your notebooks.
Close your pretty eyes.
Close!
Close, Sesame!
Close, but no cigar.
Close.
Closed for renovations.
Closed regularly, every Monday and 3rd Sunday.
Closer examination revealed that the skull had been crushed by some heavy blow.
Closer to the ground, ozone can also be created by photochemical reactions between the sun and pollution from vehicle emissions and other sources, forming harmful smog.
Closing arguments are expected Monday.
Closing arguments are set for Monday.
Closing arguments will continue Monday.
Closing is an option.
Closing the canteen will have few consequences.
Closing your eyes helps you think better.
Clostridioides difficile is an example of anaerobic bacteria.
Cloth gloves are much safer than latex gloves.
Clothe him appropriately.
Clothed in the costliest silks and muslins, she was the greatest beauty in the palace, but she could neither sing nor speak.
Clothed in the costliest silks and muslins, she was the greatest beauty in the palace.
Clothes and fashion are not so important to me.
Clothes and footwear are sold here.
Clothes are astonishingly cheap here.
Clothes are behind me.
Clothes are getting cheap.
Clothes are kept in closets.
Clothes are more expensive here than in the United States.
Clothes are quite affordable in Algeria.
Clothes don't make the man.
Clothes don't matter nearly as much as the person wearing them.
Clothes lay strewn about the floor.
Clothes lay strewn across the floor.
Clothes lay strewn all over the floor.
Clothes make me uncomfortable.
Clothes make people, rags make lice.
Clothes make the man.
Clothes make the man. Naked people have little or no influence on society.
Clothes were strewn all over the floor.
Clothes with absurd designs are usually more visually striking.
Clothes without tabs aren't accepted in the changing room.
Clothes without tabs aren’t accepted in the changing room.
Clothespins are used to hang up clothes.
Clothing is a lot cheaper in Algeria.
Clothing lay strewn on the floor.
Cloud will clear through the morning to leave widespread sunny spells.
Clouds are accumulations of water vapor.
Clouds are clusters of water droplets condensed from water vapor.
Clouds are flying across the sky.
Clouds are the veil behind which the face of day coquettishly hides itself, to enhance its beauty.
Clouds are what I most like about the sky.
Clouds blacken the sky (and everyone's mood).
Clouds blacken the sky (and everyone’s mood).
Clouds cast a shadow blacker than the night.
Clouds formed in the sky.
Clouds gather over the city.
Clouds hang in the air.
Clouds of smoke are preventing the planes from taking off.
Clouds on Saturn can reach speeds of 1,100 miles an hour.
Clouds rose from the summit of Mount Fuji.
Clouds sail across the sky.
Clouds scudded across the sky.
Clouds signify the veil of the Most High.
Clouds the darkened heavens have drowned, / and snatched the daylight from the Trojans' eyes. / Black night broods on the waters; all around / from pole to pole the rattling peals resound / and frequent flashes light the lurid air. / All nature, big with instant ruin, frowned / destruction.
Clouds were floating in the blue sky.
Clouds were floating in the sky.
Clouds were forming.
Clouds were rising from the summit of Mount Fuji.
Cloudy days, they stopped on their way and could not return home.
Cloudy weather with bright spells is expected.
Cloudy with occasional rain.
Clout chasers will be blocked on sight.
Clove is a spice.
Clover makes a good cover crop.
Cloves are a spice.
Clovis, the constantly jumping wino, has prominent quadriceps and fantastic glutes.
Clown!
Clowns also cry.
Clowns are almost everywhere these days in popular culture.
Clowns are perhaps best known for performing in traveling circuses.
Clowns are weird figures.
Clowns began appearing in the form we recognize today in the 17th century, as a character known as a harlequin. They were common in European theater, and played a character who acted foolish or played tricks.
Clowns from Europe arrived in North America after England began exporting circuses, with their clowns, other performers and trained animals.
Clowns have been making crowds laugh for generations.
Clowns have existed in different forms for a long time. Researchers have found evidence of clowns in ancient Rome, China, and Africa. Their job was to make the ancient rulers laugh.
Clowns!
Club owners are expressing concerns that it will be very difficult to enforce some of the rules that include customers having to dance one meter apart.
Clubs I entered in high school were super good for gaining familiarity with my juniors and seniors.
Clubs are the trump suit.
Clusters of bees flitted to and from the hive.
Clutch your pistol tight.
Clutching my painful wound...
Clutter can be distracting, so let's keep your room clutter-free.
Clutter on the table, clutter in the head.
Clyde Tombaugh also discovered several star clusters, a comet and more than a hundred asteroids.
Clyde Tombaugh died at the age of ninety on January 17, 1997.
Clyde Tombaugh photographed 65% of the sky and spent thousands of hours examining photographs of the night sky.
Clyde Tombaugh was born on a farm in Illinois. His father was a farmer.
Clyde Tombaugh was only twenty-four years old when he discovered Pluto.
Clyde Tombaugh's job was to photograph one small piece of the night sky at a time. He then had to carefully examine and compare the photos in an effort to detect an unidentified moving point of light that might be a planet.
Clyde dreamed of going to college and becoming an astronomer.
Clyde joined the search for Percival Lowell's "Planet X", a planet beyond Neptune.
Clyde made very detailed drawings of his telescopic observations of Jupiter and Mars.
Clyde used a telescope he built himself to study Mars and Jupiter. He then drew pictures of what he saw.
Clyde was dissatisfied with his store-bought telescope and decided to build one for himself. Clyde's father took a second job to pay for the materials needed to build it.
Clyde's dad loved to study the stars.
Co-curator Alnoor Merchant says the text is an important encyclopedic body of medical knowledge in the Islamic world.
Co-workers were convinced that Sami and Layla were having an affair.
Coach Jackson coaches defense.
Coach Jackson is also a math teacher.
Coach Jackson is one of our assistant coaches.
Coach Jackson is one of our coaches, but not the head coach.
Coach Jackson threw Tom the ball.
Coaches need to learn to be coaches.
Coaching is my life.
Coaching teams should be held to account for athletes' supplements.
Coal and natural gas are natural fuels.
Coal consists mostly of carbon.
Coal is a dying industry.
Coal is a fossil fuel.
Coal is chemically allied to diamonds.
Coal is dead trees; oil—dead dinosaurs.
Coal is especially important.
Coal is not always black.
Coal powered trains plied the rails in the United States for 175 years, starting in the 1830's, and were an integral part of America's westward expansion and industrial revolution.
Coal, charcoal, coal coke and petroleum coke are used as fuels.
Coal, natural gas and oil are the remains of plants and animals that lived millions of years ago.
Coal-fired power plants are a leading contributor to climate change around the world.
Coast guard officials said they rescued 17 people from the burning yacht.
Coastal areas are substantially more crowded than the U.S. as a whole, and population density in coastal areas will continue to increase in the future.
Coastal areas generally have milder climates.
Coastal armoring can potentially damage or alter local coastal habitats, deprive beaches of sand, lead to accelerated erosion of adjacent beaches, hinder access and present problems with public safety.
Coastal armoring can result in the loss of beach and intertidal areas.
Coastal cities will take the brunt of the storm.
Coastal development and village sprawl is occurring at a rapid rate and is resulting in a loss of sea turtle nesting areas with associated disturbance of nesting females.
Coastal regions generally have milder climates.
Coat the chicken breast with flour.
Coated vascular stents didn't prove their superiority over bare metal vascular stents.
Cobalt is a transition metal.
Cobalt is a valuable mineral.
Cobalt, which forms the core of Vitamin B12, is only created in supernovae and neutron star mergers.
Cobbler, keep to thy last!
Cobbler, stick to your last.
Cobras are always very alert.
Coca-Cola advertisements can be seen all over the world.
Coca-Cola invented Fanta, in the middle of the Second World War, for the German market.
Coca-Cola is such a highly addictive drink.
Coca-Cola originally had cocaine in it.
Cocaine is a drug.
Cocaine is a plant with oval leaves.
Cocaine is overrated.
Cocaine was killing Sami.
Cocaine wasn't my addiction.
Cochineal is a red color that comes from dried beetles.
Cock-a-doodle-doo!
Cockadoodledoo!
Cockatiels are parrots.
Cockburn Town is the capital of the Turks and Caicos Islands.
Cockfighting is banned in many countries.
Cockfighting is illegal in many countries.
Cockney songsters Chas & Dave were recently in the top ten of the UK Vinyl Singles Chart with a reissue of their 1982 paean to days out at the seaside, Margate.
Cockroach eggs are minuscule.
Cockroaches and rats make me sick.
Cockroaches are a problem.
Cockroaches are insects.
Cockroaches are nocturnal animals.
Cockroaches hide themselves during the day.
Cockroaches in Germany are thought to be extinct.
Cockroaches lived in Donald's terrarium.
Cockroaches thrive on our food scraps.
Cocktail garnishes are a creative canvas. From citrus twists to edible flowers, they add flair and flavor to your drink.
Cocktail parties can be boring at times.
Cocktail parties can be boring.
Cocktail parties can sometimes be boring.
Cocktails will be at 6:00 and dinner will be served at 6:30.
Cocoa can be very bitter.
Coconut can be added to it.
Coconut milk, please.
Coconut oil does wonders!
Coconut trees lined the boulevards of the city.
Coconuts grew on my island.
Coconuts have a hard shell.
Coconuts have hard shells.
Cocteau Twins formed in 1980 in Grangemouth, Scotland.
Cod fritters are delicious, but absorb lots of fat.
Cod is a lean fish with little bones.
Cod-liver oil contains vitamin D.
Code contributions should be made via git pull requests.
Code-switching between languages is common practice in the Philippines. It's not just between Tagalog and English, but also with Hokkien, or with the many, many indigenous languages on the islands. Filipinos don't believe in language purity. Spanish words are embedded like gold nuggets inside many indigenous languages.
Coding can be fun.
Coding is taught in our school.
Coe drove his wife's Tesla sedan to the new store in Nambé on Tuesday to ask if an SUV he ordered can be delivered there.
Coexistence isn’t possible without empathy.
Coexistence without justice is injustice without resistance.
Coffee always tastes better when the weekend is coming.
Coffee and Pu-erh tea are elixirs of life.
Coffee and beer are the national German beverages.
Coffee and chocolate go really well together, don't they?
Coffee and chocolate go together well.
Coffee and chocolate go well together.
Coffee and cigarettes.
Coffee and tea are ready.
Coffee and tea stimulate me.
Coffee beans are not beans, but seeds, and peanuts are not nuts, but beans.
Coffee beans are roasted to make coffee.
Coffee comes after the meal.
Coffee does harm to your stomach.
Coffee does not arouse my interest.
Coffee doesn't have any calories.
Coffee ends a meal.
Coffee finishes most dinners.
Coffee for everybody.
Coffee for everyone.
Coffee from Ethiopia, brought by Ottoman merchants, played a major role in the European Enlightenment.
Coffee gives you energy!
Coffee goes right through me.
Coffee has caffeine.
Coffee hurts your stomach.
Coffee is Brazil's main produce.
Coffee is Brazil's main product.
Coffee is Brazil’s main product.
Coffee is Tom's favorite drink.
Coffee is a popular beverage.
Coffee is a well-known stimulant.
Coffee is always better when shared with a friend.
Coffee is always better when you share it with a friend.
Coffee is bad for my skin.
Coffee is black.
Coffee is life.
Coffee is located outside the village.
Coffee is my favorite drink.
Coffee is my favourite drink.
Coffee is one of the most popular hot beverages in the world and is drunk almost daily by about a third of the world’s population.
Coffee is one of the most popular hot beverages in the world.
Coffee is one of the staples of Brazil.
Coffee is one of this country's most important products.
Coffee is preferable to tea to most Greeks.
Coffee is ready.
Coffee is so dang expensive.
Coffee is the holy drink of university students.
Coffee keeps me awake.
Coffee kept me awake.
Coffee makes me nauseous.
Coffee makes me sleepy.
Coffee may have a bad effect on the stomach.
Coffee might have the 1773 Boston Tea Party to thank for its U.S. popularity. After the colonists protested British taxation by dumping tea into Boston Harbor, some made a point of shunning tea and turning to coffee instead.
Coffee or something stronger? From the looks of it, you need a schnapps.
Coffee or tea?
Coffee prices have jumped almost 50% in six months.
Coffee roasters combine beans from different areas to make coffees with different tastes and qualities.
Coffee spilled on my shirt while drinking.
Coffee spilled on my shirt.
Coffee stains the mugs.
Coffee vending machines are bad.
Coffee wakes me up.
Coffee was introduced into Europe from Arabia.
Coffee will be ready in a minute.
Coffee will be served after the meal.
Coffee with cream and sugar is yummy.
Coffee with cream is not a very expensive pleasure.
Coffee with lots of sugar and milk passes for a real meal.
Coffee with milk makes you fat.
Coffee would be great.
Coffee would be nice.
Coffee's ready.
Coffee, meat, potatoes, fruit, nuts, cheese, and a book. What more do you need?
Coffee, please, with cream and sugar.
Coffee, please.
Coffee?
Coffee? You look like you could use some.
Cognitive behavioral therapy doesn't work for everything or everyone.
Cognitive reframing is a great debate. Like giving a kid a participation trophy. Making negative seem positive. It is what it is.
Cognitive reframing may help you find hope in a seemingly hopeless situation; try it.
Cognitive scientists study the mind from an interdisciplinary perspective.
Cohabitation is either easy or impossible.
Cohen Silver, who studies the impact of collective trauma, says some individuals with no direct connection to the 9/11 attacks exhibited symptoms that experts had previously assumed were the result of direct exposure to trauma.
Coherence is dead.
Coil whine may sometimes be annoying, but it's usually harmless.
Coincidence takes planning.
Coincidence? I don't think so.
Coincidence? I think not!
Coincidence? I think not.
Coincidences aren't random.
Coincidences don't exist.
Coincidences happen all the time.
Coincidences happen every day.
Coincidentally enough, I know Tom.
Coincidentally enough, I know him.
Coincidentally, I came across my girlfriend.
Coincidentally, all of us had a crush on the same girl.
Coins and cash are still largely distributed all throughout the world and are still in large use and are still being widely used and are still very much readily available to money borrowers in all four corners of the world.
Coins are made of metal.
Coins are round and roll away, but education stays.
Coins are round.
Coitus interruptus does not protect against STDs.
Coitus interruptus does not protect against sexually transmitted diseases.
Cojoc's technique involves taking a one-second video of a red blood cell, while shining a tinted light through it.
Coke has always been the top dog when it comes to soft drinks.
Coke or Pepsi?
Cold War is a misnomer cause the bloodshed in the third world was horrendous.
Cold air flows in from the east.
Cold air is coming in. Close the window.
Cold air is flowing in from the east.
Cold air was streaming towards us through the open window.
Cold and darkness are no deterrents for him.
Cold and dry, splendid sunshine, what beautiful winter weather!
Cold as it was, we went out.
Cold as stone.
Cold blasts from the broken window chilled us.
Cold calling crypto scammers, trying to sell fake digital currencies, have been busted by police in London.
Cold calls are the primary function of the telemarketing department.
Cold cases do get solved.
Cold coffee is horrible!
Cold day, isn't it?
Cold drinks will be served.
Cold hands, warm heart.
Cold horror froze each vein. / Aghast and shuddering my comrades stood; / down sank at once each heart, and terror chilled the blood. / No more with arms, for peace with vows and prayer / we sue, and pardon of these powers implore, / or be they goddesses or birds of air / obscene and dire.
Cold horror shook me, in my veins the blood / was chilled, and curdled with affright.
Cold is blowing in from the windows.
Cold is not a physical quantity, but rather a sensation.
Cold methane gas is responsible for the blue-green color of Uranus.
Cold nights are perfect for watching movies.
Cold numbs the limbs.
Cold rain makes me chilled to the bone.
Cold shivers run down my spine.
Cold this morning, isn't it?
Cold this morning, isn’t it?
Cold water has a higher density than warm water.
Cold water, please.
Cold waves have become less frequent and intense across the Nation.
Cold weather and insects destroyed their crops.
Cold weather brings out my inner child during snowball fights.
Cold weather does not kill the virus.
Cold weather is coming.
Cold weather is perfect for reading by the fireplace.
Cold weather is really good.
Cold weather keeps many plants from blooming.
Cold weather lasted there for weeks longer.
Cold weather makes my depression worse.
Cold weather means cozying up with a warm drink.
Cold weather's coming.
Cold wind was blowing outside.
Cold winds blow hard every winter.
Cold winter came on.
Cold, damp days are bad for your health.
Cold, salty water is dense and sinks to the bottom of the ocean while warm water is less dense and remains on the surface.
Cold, wet and wild weather with the possibility of a dusting of snow has been forecast for this weekend.
Cold-war tension has mounted.
Colder days are coming.
Colder weather is on the way.
Coldness sometimes don't mean apathy. It's just a tool to avoid being hurt.
Colds are a common disease.
Colds are contagious.
Colds are prevalent this winter.
Coldwater fish, notably salmon and sardines, are good sources of omega-3 acids.
Cole's Axiom: The sum of the intelligence on the planet is a constant; the population is growing.
Colette was born in Burgundy in 1873.
Cole’s Axiom: The sum of the intelligence on the planet is a constant; the population is growing.
Colin choked on his muesli.
Collaborate and work together.
Collaborate with others to achieve common goals.
Collaborate.
Collaboration has apparently paid off for both of them.
Collaboration is better than competition.
Collaboration must continue.
Collaborators include the College of Environmental Science and Engineering at Peking University and the Georgia Institute of Technology.
Collagen is a protein that aids the joining of tissues.
Collateral damage caused by the strikes is fueling militancy in the region.
Collect as many coins as possible.
Collect first, then correct.
Collect precious moments, no material things!
Collect sentences, not guns! At worst, your children will throw them in one another's faces.
Collect the spirit flames!
Collect them all!
Collect your gear.
Collect your things and leave.
Collect your thoughts before you begin your work.
Collecting all this information must've been a hard task.
Collecting guns goes ill with collecting children.
Collection of plants, rocks, petrified wood, fossils, archeological objects or other materials is illegal anywhere in the park.
Collectionism ends when the collector dies, and the heirs get rid of the collection.
Collective bargaining is the only way the workers will get better wages and benefits.
Collective condemnation of the genocidal war is a moral imperative.
Collective interests must be protected.
Collective punishment for individual crimes is an inadvisable strategy.
Collective punishment is a war crime.
Collective punishment is very common in the West Bank and it is permanent in the Gaza Strip.
Collective responsibility means irresponsibility.
Collective rules are not set straightaway but progressively win recognition.
Collectively, the African Great Lakes contain approximately 7400 cubic miles (or 31,000 cubic kilometres) of water, which is about one quarter of Earth's unfrozen surface fresh water.
College enrollment is down 2%.
College football in the United States requires athletes to maintain amateur status.
College graduates earn on average over fifty per cent more than those with only a high-school degree.
College graduates who focused on technical or high-earnings fields have the fewest regrets, including those who majored in engineering, computer science, and business.
College is a waste of time.
College is not for partying, but for studying.
College is now free in Germany.
College is the time to enjoy yourself to the fullest!
College isn't for everyone.
College of Charleston school president Andrew Hsu is proud of Cutright and what she has accomplished, both in school and in her job, and said she is a good example of the kind of success stories his students and graduates have experienced.
College sports in the United States is a large for-profit industry, with top schools raking in hundreds of millions of dollars in annual revenue.
College starts in April.
College students should study hard, but equally they should also make time for an active social life.
College students shunned their usual indoor studies for outdoor ecological discussions.
College students who don't complete their degree programs might jeopardize their earning power, meaning there's less money to repay their student debt, say experts.
Colleges and universities need to consider offering more classes outside of normal business hours.
Colleges and universities worldwide continue to close or move lessons online to restrict students and educators from assembling in large numbers and crowded spaces where viral COVID-19 contamination could occur.
Colleges should urge students to take classes outside their field of study and seek out work experience in areas of interest to them.
Collins, who remained in the Apollo command module while his fellow astronauts Aldrin and Armstrong landed on the moon, said he was very happy being alone in the spacecraft as it orbited the moon.
Colloidal silver consists of very small silver particles suspended in a liquid.
Colloquial language in academic writing sounds awkward.
Colloquial language is not necessarily a grammatical and stylistic questionable form of expression. There is no doubt a cultivated variety of it which I really find to my liking.
Colloquial speech is used in everyday conversation.
Colm is the guy who I thought saw me.
Colm is the person I thought I saw.
Cologne Cathedral is the largest gothic cathedral of the Germanic countries.
Cologne Cathedral is what tourists want to see in Cologne.
Cologne had an aqueduct.
Cologne is situated on the Rhine.
Cologne lies on the Rhine.
Colombia has set deforestation and reforestation goals and has sent the police and military to fight deforestation in its national parks.
Colombia is a country where people might get kidnapped or disappear.
Colombia is a very beautiful country.
Colombia is a very pretty country.
Colombia is not only cocaine.
Colombia's FDI declined by 3% to $10.2 billion between January and September 2017.
Colombian child rights defender Mayerlin Vergara Perez has won this year’s prestigious Nansen Refugee Award.
Colonel Ashton, frantic for revenge, was already in the field, pacing the turf with eagerness, and looking with impatience towards the Tower for the arrival of his antagonist.
Colonel Barclay's family life appears to have been a uniformly happy one.
Colonel Collins is married and has a daughter. When she has free time she likes to run, play golf and go camping.
Colonel Collins was the first woman to be in charge of a Space Shuttle mission.
Colonel Moran will trouble us no more.
Colonel Ross leaned back with his arms folded and his hat tilted over his eyes.
Colonel Yuri A. Gagarin was born on a collective farm in a region west of Moscow, Russia on March 9, 1934.
Colonia del Sacramento, today considered a World Heritage Site, was founded in 1680 by Portuguese troops that settled on the banks of the La Plata river.
Colonia is a Uruguayan department situated in the south-west of the country.
Colonial France deported many Algerians to French Guiana and New Caledonia.
Colonial France instituted a corvée system in Algeria.
Colonial governors were appointed by the king.
Colonial legacies persist, but so too does the resolve to confront them.
Colonists often take a shine to indigenous women.
Colonization had a major effect on Algeria.
Colonization is one of the forces behind the spread of English.
Colonization left many scars in Algeria.
Colonization of other planets is one of our top priorities.
Colonization's harm is still felt by affected communities today.
Colonization's impact on culture and identity must not be ignored.
Colonization's injustices demand global denunciation and sanctions.
Colonizers aren't immigrants.
Colonizing Mars is just starting to become a hot-button issue.
Colony collapse disorder has affected more than half the commercial honeybee hives in the United States. The importance of bees as agricultural pollinators has made identifying the source of CCD a top priority for researchers.
Color and pattern matter more than brand names.
Color is so self-evident that we barely even think about it.
Color is the most sacred element of all visible things.
Color television! Bah, I won't believe it until I see it in black and white.
Colorado is well known for its ski resorts.
Colorfully clad tourists are posing for pictures in front of Monet’s iconic lily pond.
Coloring eggs is fun.
Coloring is fun.
Coloring is one of Georgia's favorite hobbies, even at the ripe old age of 16.
Coloring is one of Georgia’s favorite hobbies, even at the ripe old age of 16.
Colorless green ideas sleep furiously.
Colors have meanings.
Colors speak all languages.
Colostrum boosts a baby's immune system.
Colostrum is dark yellow.
Colostrum is rich in nutrients and antibodies, providing essential nourishment to newborns.
Colour the picture.
Colourless is a world without language.
Coltsfoot is a flower with yellow petals.
Columbia Records first introduced the LP in 1948.
Columbia University law Professor Olatunde Johnson, who writes about modern civil rights legislation and innovative ways to address discrimination and inequality, sees #MeToo as a strong force for change.
Columbus Day should be remembered as "Indian Resistance Day".
Columbus argued that he could reach India by going west.
Columbus argued that the earth was round.
Columbus assumed that the earth was round.
Columbus believed that the Earth was round.
Columbus believed that the earth was round.
Columbus claimed the Earth was round.
Columbus didn't have a telephone.
Columbus didn't know where he went or where he was, and he did it using money lent by a woman.
Columbus discovered America in 1492.
Columbus discovered America.
Columbus proved that the world is not flat.
Columbus proved that the world isn't flat.
Columbus sailed farther west to look for a new continent.
Columbus secured this region of interests.
Columbus thought he travelled around the world.
Columbus thought he was in India.
Columbus was notorious for using the "wave-the-white-flag-then-open-fire" technique, and won many battles this way.
Columbus' discovery of America was accidental.
Columbus's Law of Discovery states: If you discovered something BEFORE Christopher Columbus, then what you discovered does not exist.
Columbus, Ericson, and Magellan once walked into a bar. Only Columbus walked out.
Columbus’ discovery of America was accidental.
Columbus’s Law of Discovery states: If you discovered something BEFORE Christopher Columbus, then what you discovered does not exist.
Columns are not always employed for decorating buildings; they are sometimes substituted by pilasters, which, without having the graceful appearance of columns, nevertheless produce a pleasing effect to the eye.
Columns provide a solid foundation.
Colvin and his colleagues are experimenting with additional surgical techniques, including robotic surgery and the repair or replacement of a heart valve without making an incision in the heart or aorta.
Comb over your essay before submitting it.
Comb the dog if you want your allowance.
Comb your hair before you go out.
Comb your hair.
Combat soldiers during peaceful moments like to reminisce of their halcyon days.
Combating desertification is an urgent problem in Algeria.
Combination is a tactical maneuver, usually in a sequence of two or more moves, that a player performs sacrificing material, often in a spectacular way, in order to checkmate the opponent's king or put him in an irreparably disadvantageous situation.
Combine all ingredients and mix well.
Combine all the ingredients in the mixing bowl.
Combine all the parts to make one piece.
Combine one teaspoon of sugar, half a sheet of dried seaweed, one tablespoon of salt, four tablespoons of red pepper flakes and one tablespoon of water to make a paste.
Combine potato flesh with butter and green onion; stir until butter is melted evenly into potato. Add salt, black pepper, cayenne pepper, and cheese; stir until cheese is melted. Pour cream and egg yolk into potato mixture; mix to combine. Season with salt to taste.
Combine the rice with the egg and soy sauce.
Combo!
Combustion liberates heat.
Come a bit closer.
Come a little bit closer.
Come a little closer and you'll be able to see better.
Come a little closer to the fireplace to warm up your hands.
Come a little closer.
Come aboard.
Come after me, and I will make you into fishers of men.
Come again any time.
Come again in spring.
Come again in the morning on the day after tomorrow.
Come again in three days!
Come again next week.
Come again next year.
Come again soon.
Come again tomorrow afternoon, when I will have more time to talk with you.
Come again tomorrow afternoon, when I'll have more time to talk with you.
Come again tomorrow if you want to.
Come again tomorrow morning.
Come again tomorrow.
Come again whenever you like.
Come again whenever you want to.
Come again.
Come again?
Come alone or not at all.
Come alone.
Come along after me.
Come along and have a drink with us.
Come along now, you mustn't dawdle.
Come along with me and go fishing.
Come along with me now.
Come along with me.
Come along with us if you like.
Come along with us.
Come along!
Come along, Tom.
Come along, Watson. This is the house.
Come along, children.
Come along.
Come along. The horse is over in the yard. Give me your bag.
Come along; I will introduce you to my better half.
Come already!
Come and I'll show you what I do to frogs like you.
Come and I'll show you who I am.
Come and apologise to your brother.
Come and behold, daughters of Zion, King Solomon, with the diadem with which his mother crowned him on the day of his marriage, on the day of the joy of his heart.
Come and catch me if you dare.
Come and celebrate Canada day with a fun-filled evening of live music and dance performances, family activities and spectacular fireworks.
Come and dance with me!
Come and dance with me.
Come and drink with us.
Come and drop by!
Come and eat some chocolate cake.
Come and eat your dinner before it gets cold.
Come and eat your supper.
Come and enjoy the sunlight.
Come and enjoy the sunshine.
Come and fight with us.
Come and get it.
Come and get me!
Come and get me.
Come and get us.
Come and get warm by the fire.
Come and give it a try.
Come and give me a kiss.
Come and have a drink with us before you leave.
Come and have a look at this.
Come and have a look.
Come and have a seat.
Come and have some.
Come and have tea with me.
Come and help me out.
Come and help me wash the dishes.
Come and help me.
Come and help us.
Come and help wash the cutlery.
Come and help!
Come and help.
Come and join our group.
Come and join us, let's eat together.
Come and join us.
Come and keep me company.
Come and learn, go and teach.
Come and let us surprise you.
Come and live with me in Kabylie.
Come and look at this!
Come and look at this.
Come and look at what I found.
Come and look for yourself.
Come and look.
Come and meet everyone!
Come and meet my family.
Come and play ping-pong.
Come and play table tennis.
Come and play volleyball with us.
Come and say hello to your aunt on the phone.
Come and say hello.
Come and say sorry to your brother.
Come and see for yourself!
Come and see for yourself.
Come and see for yourselves.
Come and see me after work.
Come and see me afterwards.
Come and see me again.
Come and see me any time you like.
Come and see me anytime you want to.
Come and see me as soon as you can.
Come and see me at 2. I’ll have had my lunch by then.
Come and see me at eleven o'clock.
Come and see me at eleven o’clock.
Come and see me at midnight.
Come and see me from time to time.
Come and see me if you have any time.
Come and see me if you have time tomorrow.
Come and see me if you have time.
Come and see me if you've got time tomorrow.
Come and see me on February 30, at 21 a.m.
Come and see me on Sunday next week.
Come and see me once in a while.
Come and see me right now.
Come and see me sometime.
Come and see me soon.
Come and see me the day after tomorrow.
Come and see me tomorrow, won't you?
Come and see me tomorrow, won’t you?
Come and see me tomorrow.
Come and see me tonight.
Come and see me when it is convenient for you.
Come and see me when you have time.
Come and see me whenever it is convenient for you.
Come and see me whenever it is convenient to you.
Come and see me whenever you are free.
Come and see me whenever you like.
Come and see me whenever you want to.
Come and see me whenever you're free.
Come and see me.
Come and see my garden tomorrow.
Come and see this girl out.
Come and see this.
Come and see us by all means.
Come and see us more often.
Come and see us sometime.
Come and see us tomorrow.
Come and see us when you've got time.
Come and see us.
Come and see what Tom and Mary are doing.
Come and see what Tom did.
Come and see what Tom has done.
Come and see what Tom is doing.
Come and see!
Come and see.
Come and sit at our table.
Come and sit by me.
Come and sit down to eat.
Come and sit down with me.
Come and sit down.
Come and sit here with me.
Come and sit next to me.
Come and sit on the floor with me.
Come and sit out here with us.
Come and sit over here.
Come and sit with me!
Come and sit with me.
Come and sit with us during break.
Come and sit with us!
Come and sit with us.
Come and stay with us in Boston.
Come and stretch me a hand.
Come and support a good cause.
Come and take a look at this.
Come and take a look.
Come and take it!
Come and tell me all about it.
Come and tell me all about yourself.
Come and tell me in my room.
Come and tell me.
Come and try some of that cake I made.
Come and visit me again.
Come and visit me when you are feeling better.
Come and visit me when you're feeling better.
Come and visit me.
Come and visit more often! You have friends here who miss you!
Come and visit us again.
Come and visit us in Australia sometime.
Come and visit us in Boston sometime.
Come and visit us in Paris sometime soon.
Come and visit us in Paris soon.
Come and visit us when you have time.
Come and visit us.
Come and visit whenever you can.
Come and warm yourself by the fire.
Come and warm yourself by the fireplace.
Come and warm yourselves by the fire.
Come and warm yourselves by the fireplace.
Come and windsurf with me.
Come and write your name.
Come any closer, and I'll kill you.
Come any closer, and I'll shoot you.
Come any time after nine.
Come anytime you like.
Come anytime.
Come armed.
Come as early as possible.
Come as early as you can.
Come as fast as possible.
Come as fast as you can.
Come as quick as possible.
Come as quickly as possible.
Come as quickly as you can.
Come as soon as possible.
Come as soon as you can.
Come as soon as you fix this.
Come as you are!
Come as you are.
Come as you wish!
Come as you wish.
Come at 2:30 tomorrow.
Come at 2:30.
Come at any time you like.
Come at dawn.
Come at eleven without fail.
Come at exactly six.
Come at least at six.
Come at me!
Come at me, you pussy motherfuckers!
Come at midday.
Come at noon.
Come at once!
Come at once.
Come at six at the latest.
Come at six o'clock at the latest.
Come at ten o'clock sharp.
Come at ten o’clock sharp.
Come at two o'clock.
Come at two.
Come away with me.
Come back again in a day or two.
Come back again in a fortnight.
Come back again in three days.
Come back again in two week's time.
Come back again soon.
Come back again when you finish your medicine.
Come back again whenever you can.
Come back and pick me up later.
Come back and pick us up later.
Come back and see me!
Come back and see us again.
Come back and see us in the morning.
Come back anytime.
Come back as quickly as possible, please.
Come back as soon as possible.
Come back as soon as you can.
Come back as soon as you finish.
Come back at the end of the day.
Come back before it's too late.
Come back here as soon as you can.
Come back here immediately!
Come back here immediately.
Come back here now.
Come back here right now !
Come back here right now.
Come back here!
Come back here, man!
Come back here, you coward!
Come back here, you coward.
Come back here, you little brat!
Come back here, you scoundrel!
Come back here, you young whippersnapper!
Come back here.
Come back here. It's a trap.
Come back here. It's an order.
Come back home before night falls.
Come back home before six.
Come back home earlier!
Come back home.
Come back immediately.
Come back in a day.
Come back in a few days, Tom.
Come back in a month.
Come back in a week.
Come back in a year's time!
Come back in an hour's time.
Come back in an hour.
Come back in five minutes.
Come back in the morning.
Come back in the van.
Come back in three days.
Come back in two days.
Come back in two weeks, please.
Come back in.
Come back inside.
Come back later, sir.
Come back later.
Come back next week and the clothing will be ready.
Come back now.
Come back now. I need you.
Come back right now.
Come back soon!
Come back soon, OK?
Come back soon.
Come back this afternoon.
Come back to Algeria.
Come back to Boston with me.
Come back to Boston.
Come back to Chicago.
Come back to Tom, please.
Come back to bed, honey.
Come back to bed.
Come back to him.
Come back to me when you've found the real meaning of life.
Come back to me.
Come back to my place.
Come back to see me tomorrow.
Come back to see them all?
Come back to the hotel with us.
Come back to the house.
Come back to the party.
Come back to the table and sit down.
Come back to the table! We have not finished eating.
Come back to your workplace now!
Come back tomorrow.
Come back tomorrow. I'm afraid I don't have time today.
Come back when you get killed.
Come back when you have a warrant.
Come back when you have something new.
Come back when you're done.
Come back when you've made thirty friends.
Come back with a warrant.
Come back within a month.
Come back!
Come back, OK?
Come back.
Come before six if want to have dinner.
Come below.
Come by 2:30.
Come by again some time!
Come by again tomorrow.
Come by and see me sometimes.
Come by around three.
Come by boat.
Come by later, I have something for you.
Come by me whenever you want.
Come by my house if you want.
Come by my office tomorrow morning.
Come by my place tonight.
Come by often.
Come by this afternoon.
Come by tomorrow.
Come by us.
Come calmly.
Come celebrate!
Come clean with it.
Come clean.
Come close to me if you want to see me.
Come close to me so I can see you.
Come close to me!
Come close without making any noise.
Come close, young heroes!
Come closer and have a good look at this picture.
Come closer and you'll be able to see better.
Come closer and you’ll be able to see better.
Come closer in order that you may see the screen better.
Come closer so I can give you a hug.
Come closer so I can see you!
Come closer so I can see your face.
Come closer to me.
Come closer to the fire and warm yourself.
Come closer to the fire if you're cold.
Come closer to the fireplace to get your hands warmer.
Come closer, otherwise you won't see anything.
Come closer, we won't bite you.
Come closer.
Come closer. I have something I want to tell you.
Come closer. I have something to tell you.
Come closer. I just want to show you something.
Come dance!
Come dance.
Come dancing with us.
Come dear.
Come do a l'chaim with me.
Come do a toast with me.
Come down and eat with us.
Come down for a minute.
Come down for your food!
Come down from the tree.
Come down from there.
Come down here and eat with us.
Come down here immediately. I'm at the reception.
Come down here!
Come down here, please.
Come down here.
Come down to dinner this minute.
Come down to have dinner in an hour.
Come down!
Come down, Dick. It is time for dinner.
Come down, please.
Come down.
Come downstairs and have your supper.
Come downstairs as soon as possible.
Come downstairs for your meal!
Come downstairs right this minute.
Come downstairs, Tom.
Come downstairs.
Come downtown with us.
Come drink a beer to my health.
Come drink with me.
Come drink with us.
Come early and help me get ready for the party.
Come early so we can discuss the plans.
Come early tomorrow.
Come early.
Come eat with us.
Come eat!
Come enjoy the snow with me!
Come even if you'll be late.
Come everyone and join us in drinking, dancing, chatting, and making new friends!
Come experience the high life, get to the nearest party location and be able to go back to your room in minutes.
Come fall asleep in my arms.
Come fast.
Come feel my forehead.
Come fight with us.
Come find me.
Come first, talk later.
Come fishing with me.
Come fishing with us.
Come for Tom. I don't want him here.
Come forth.
Come forward.
Come get Tom.
Come get it.
Come get me.
Come get some.
Come get us.
Come give mommy a kiss.
Come have a drink with me.
Come have a glass of wine with me.
Come have a rest.
Come have dinner with me.
Come have some fun.
Come hear me sing.
Come hell or high water!
Come hell or high water, I will go.
Come help me collect nuts.
Come help me decorate the tree.
Come help me make the salad.
Come help me set the table.
Come help me.
Come help us out.
Come help us.
Come help.
Come here Emilia! Your father is waiting for you!
Come here a minute, will you?
Come here a minute. I have something I need to tell you.
Come here a second.
Come here after you have washed your hands.
Come here after you've washed your hands.
Come here already!
Come here and apologize to your brother.
Come here and eat chocolate cake!
Come here and give it a look.
Come here and give me a hug.
Come here and have a look at it.
Come here and help me with this.
Come here and help me.
Come here and help.
Come here and join us.
Come here and keep your voice down.
Come here and kiss me.
Come here and let me hug you.
Come here and look at that.
Come here and look at this.
Come here and say it to my face, if you're man enough!
Come here and see for yourself.
Come here and show me your report card.
Come here and sit down.
Come here and sit with me.
Come here and spend Christmas with me.
Come here and take a look at this.
Come here at exactly six o'clock.
Come here at once.
Come here at precisely six o'clock.
Come here at six o'clock sharp.
Come here at six, not before.
Come here before seven o'clock.
Come here before seven o’clock.
Come here beside me and say it again.
Come here boy.
Come here by ten at the latest.
Come here doggie.
Come here every Monday.
Come here fast, because the train is now arriving at the station.
Come here for a moment!
Come here for a second.
Come here immediately!
Come here immediately.
Come here now please!
Come here now, Tom.
Come here now.
Come here quickly.
Come here right away.
Come here right now.
Come here slowly.
Come here so I can kiss you.
Come here soon.
Come here this afternoon between two and three.
Come here this instant.
Come here this minute.
Come here to me.
Come here together.
Come here tomorrow without fail.
Come here!
Come here! I mean you.
Come here! I want to talk to you.
Come here, John.
Come here, Tom.
Come here, all of you.
Come here, and I'll show you how to do it.
Come here, and I'll show you.
Come here, and I’ll show you.
Come here, and you can see the sea.
Come here, child, and let me have a look at you.
Come here, child.
Come here, donkey!
Come here, fast!
Come here, friend.
Come here, gimme a hug.
Come here, give me a hug.
Come here, kid.
Come here, let me hug you.
Come here, little girl, sit down!
Come here, man.
Come here, my friend.
Come here, please.
Come here, sonny. You'll be my eyes.
Come here, the both of you.
Come here, you two.
Come here, young man.
Come here.
Come here. I have something I want to tell you.
Come here. I have something to tell you.
Come here. I need a hug.
Come here. I need to tell you something.
Come here. I want to show you something.
Come here. I want to tell you something.
Come here. I'll help you.
Come here. I'll show you something.
Come here. I'm not going to bite you.
Come here. I'm not gonna bite you, come!
Come here. I've found something here.
Come here. Let me take a look.
Come here. There's something I have to tell you.
Come hither.
Come home and face the music.
Come home as soon as you can.
Come home at once.
Come home at six.
Come home before 10 pm.
Come home before dark.
Come home before it gets dark.
Come home before six.
Come home by 6:30.
Come home early, Bill.
Come home early.
Come home now if you don't want me to rip your heart out!
Come home right away.
Come home right now.
Come home soon.
Come home with me.
Come home!
Come home.
Come however you wish.
Come hungry.
Come if possible.
Come if you are a man.
Come if you can!
Come if you can.
Come immediately.
Come in already.
Come in and close the door.
Come in and join us for a cup of tea.
Come in and lock the door.
Come in and make yourself at home.
Come in and meet Tom.
Come in and sit down.
Come in and stay a while.
Come in for a minute.
Come in here a minute.
Come in my office, Ziri.
Come in now.
Come in one by one.
Come in please!
Come in quickly, please.
Come in quickly.
Come in the afternoon.
Come in through the gate.
Come in through the narrow gate.
Come in!
Come in, Layla.
Come in, Tom.
Come in, but don't look at all the mess.
Come in, but don't mind the mess.
Come in, it's cold outside.
Come in, it's open.
Come in, please, the door is open.
Come in, please.
Come in, the door's open.
Come in, the door’s open.
Come in.
Come in. I insist.
Come in. It's cold outside.
Come in. Let me check your pulse.
Come in. The door is open.
Come in. The door's unlocked.
Come inside and have a drink.
Come inside and have something to eat.
Come inside because it's cold outside.
Come inside because it’s cold outside.
Come inside the mosque.
Come inside!
Come inside, Tom.
Come inside, Yanni.
Come inside, and I'll tell you.
Come inside, and we'll talk it over.
Come inside.
Come inside. It's cold outside.
Come inside. The door is unlocked.
Come inside. We'll talk it over.
Come into my arms.
Come into my office.
Come into my room.
Come into our humble abode.
Come into the billiard-room and have a quiet cigar.
Come into the garden! You'll really like the inside of it.
Come into the house.
Come into the room after me.
Come into the room at once.
Come into the room.
Come join us.
Come lend me a hand, please!
Come let me show you.
Come listen to the radio!
Come live with us.
Come look at this.
Come meet Pastor Ziri.
Come meet Tom.
Come meet everybody.
Come meet some of your new classmates.
Come near me.
Come near the fire.
Come nearer so that I can see your face.
Come next year.
Come no later than eight.
Come no later than six o'clock.
Come no later than six.
Come now.
Come off it!
Come off it.
Come off your high horse.
Come on Friday to our classes.
Come on Jack, it's Christmas. You've got to get into the spirit of things.
Come on Jack, it’s Christmas. You’ve got to get into the spirit of things.
Come on Monday afternoon, if possible.
Come on Monday if possible.
Come on Monday if you can.
Come on Thursday, if you can.
Come on Tom, I'll buy you a drink for consolation.
Come on Tom, let someone else have a turn.
Come on Tuesday if possible.
Come on Tuesday if you can.
Come on Tuesday, if it's possible.
Come on Tuesday, if it’s possible.
Come on Tuesday, if possible.
Come on and dance.
Come on and get up.
Come on and tell me.
Come on any day you like.
Come on back here.
Come on back, OK?
Come on back.
Come on board.
Come on boys, we can do this!
Come on children. It's high time you were getting ready for school.
Come on down here.
Come on down, check it out!
Come on down.
Come on everyone, let's dance!
Come on girls, we can do this!
Come on guys, chop-chop! We're already late.
Come on home.
Come on in and grab y'all a drink!
Come on in and join the party.
Come on in and make yourself at home.
Come on in and make yourselves at home.
Come on in and sit down.
Come on in here.
Come on in!
Come on in, Tom.
Come on in, please.
Come on in.
Come on in. Don't be shy.
Come on in. Take your money and make sure the door is closed after you've left.
Come on in. The water's great.
Come on in. The water's nice.
Come on in. We're just about to get started.
Come on inside.
Come on into my office.
Come on let's catch that guy.
Come on now, get out of here!
Come on now, please stand up, Mr. Rothschild.
Come on now, stop whimpering all the time, let's go somewhere for a change of mood.
Come on now.
Come on our show.
Come on out here.
Come on out of there.
Come on out with it.
Come on out!
Come on out.
Come on out. You can't stay hiding under your bed all night.
Come on over here, Dan.
Come on over here, Tom.
Come on over here.
Come on over to have a try.
Come on over.
Come on over. Grab a burger.
Come on then, lets have a fight!
Come on time tomorrow.
Come on time.
Come on up here.
Come on up to my office.
Come on up to the stage.
Come on up, Tom.
Come on!
Come on! A little faster!
Come on! Give me a chance.
Come on! Have you forgotten how to laugh?
Come on! I can't wait any more.
Come on! I can’t wait any more.
Come on! I will best you.
Come on! I will show you the taste of defeat.
Come on! It's so nice out. We're going to the riverside.
Come on! Let's get going!
Come on! Let's go!
Come on! Off to bed!
Come on! Quickly!
Come on! Start yelling!
Come on! Talk to me, Trang.
Come on! There's water in the valley.
Come on! We'll be late.
Come on! We're going to be late.
Come on! We’ll be late.
Come on! We’re going to be late.
Come on! You can do it!
Come on, Ali, don't be silly.
Come on, Arianna, speed up or we'll never get there!
Come on, Arianna, speed up or we’ll never get there!
Come on, Berdych hardly choked. Federer was just GOATing in that game, no chance for the Czech when Fed plays like that.
Come on, Bill.
Come on, Dad, cut it out.
Come on, Finnish isn't that hard.
Come on, I didn't mean to hurt you.
Come on, I didn’t mean to hurt you.
Come on, I want to show you something.
Come on, I will beat you.
Come on, I will buy some ice cream for you.
Come on, I'll buy you a beer.
Come on, I'll buy you a drink.
Come on, I'll buy you a pint.
Come on, I'll buy you breakfast.
Come on, I'll buy you dinner.
Come on, I'll buy you some ice cream.
Come on, I'll drive you home.
Come on, I'll get you a pint.
Come on, I'll give you a hand.
Come on, I'll give you a lift.
Come on, I'll give you a ride home.
Come on, I'll give you a ride.
Come on, I'll show you myself.
Come on, I'll show you.
Come on, I'll walk you home.
Come on, I'm not a total wuss.
Come on, Jim.
Come on, Jiro.
Come on, Joe. Don't be a stick in the mud. Go to the party with us!
Come on, Joe. Don’t be a stick in the mud. Go to the party with us! When you told Nancy how fat she is, you really hit her where it hurts.
Come on, Joe. Just a glass of beer won't hurt.
Come on, Joe. Just a glass of beer won’t hurt.
Come on, Karen! Just wear the mask already!
Come on, Ken.
Come on, Mary. You don't believe that Tom did that on purpose, do you?
Come on, Mary; we all know that Tom has the hots for you.
Come on, Mennad. Let's go to your room.
Come on, Rima. Let's dance all fucking night.
Come on, Shougo. You can do it.
Come on, Spot. Roll over. That's a good boy!
Come on, Tom, I need a little cooperation.
Come on, Tom, I'll race you.
Come on, Tom, aren't you curious?
Come on, Tom, aren't you just a little bit curious?
Come on, Tom, be patient.
Come on, Tom, bust him up!
Come on, Tom, calm down!
Come on, Tom, cut it out.
Come on, Tom, drink up.
Come on, Tom, lighten up.
Come on, Tom, show us how it's done.
Come on, Tom, tell me what you did.
Come on, Tom, think about it.
Come on, Tom, we don't have all day.
Come on, Tom, we don't have much time.
Come on, Tom, you can do it!
Come on, Tom, you're making me blush.
Come on, Tom, you're smarter than that.
Come on, Tom, you've got to get out of there.
Come on, Tom.
Come on, Tom. Come on! You can do this.
Come on, Tom. Don't be shy.
Come on, Tom. It'll be fun.
Come on, Tom. Just do it already. What are you waiting for?
Come on, Tom. Let's get out of here.
Come on, Tom. Let's go home.
Come on, Tom. Let's go.
Come on, Tom. Say something to her.
Come on, Tom. Talk to me.
Come on, Tom. That's basic math.
Come on, Tom. That's basic maths!
Come on, Tom. We're leaving.
Come on, Tony.
Come on, Watson.
Come on, Ziri, you have a family to feed.
Come on, admit it.
Come on, already!
Come on, answer quickly.
Come on, baby, fight my liar!
Come on, be a hipster.
Come on, be attentive, so you don’t let me go wrong.
Come on, be good.
Come on, be honest. I can take it.
Come on, boy! Get a move on. There are people waiting here.
Come on, boys. We've got places to be.
Come on, breathe!
Come on, children, it's time for bed.
Come on, children, it’s time for bed.
Come on, chop chop! Let's get cooking with this!
Come on, close your eyes.
Come on, come on, come on, look.
Come on, come on, what do you have there?
Come on, crack a smile already!
Come on, dance with me!
Come on, do it for me. You're not going to die from meeting my parents.
Come on, do it.
Come on, do not go too far!
Come on, don't be a coward!
Come on, don't be a pussy!
Come on, don't be exaggerating.
Come on, don't be silly.
Come on, don't be so modest!
Come on, don't cry.
Come on, don't look sad.
Come on, don't pull a face like that.
Come on, don't stop!
Come on, don't sulk.
Come on, don’t be silly.
Come on, drinks are on me.
Come on, eat some. It will do you good.
Come on, eat your tea.
Come on, everybody.
Come on, everyone.
Come on, everything will be all right.
Come on, follow me.
Come on, get a move on!
Come on, get in the car.
Come on, get it off your chest.
Come on, get on the bandwagon-the Internet is the new cool thing!
Come on, get out of the bathroom! I can't hold it anymore.
Come on, get over your Moscow and come to Tel Aviv.
Come on, get serious.
Come on, get to work, do something for yourself!
Come on, get up or else I won't be able to bring you to school!
Come on, get up!
Come on, get up.
Come on, get up. You're going to be late for school.
Come on, get up. You're going to be late to school.
Come on, get walking!
Come on, girls like that.
Come on, give it a try.
Come on, give it some welly!
Come on, give it to me.
Come on, give me a hand.
Come on, give me a kiss.
Come on, give me another chance, don't be like that.
Come on, give me your answer.
Come on, grow up.
Come on, guys, let's get along!
Come on, guys, let's hurry.
Come on, guys, let’s hurry.
Come on, guys, this shouldn't be that hard.
Come on, guys, we can do this!
Come on, guys.
Come on, guys. This is not funny anymore.
Come on, guys. This isn't funny anymore.
Come on, hang in there!
Come on, have a drink on me.
Come on, have a pint.
Come on, help me.
Come on, how often do you think a fictitious character needs to change clothes?
Come on, hurry it up.
Come on, hurry up!
Come on, hurry up! It's urgent.
Come on, hurry up.
Come on, hurry up. You'll be late for your own funeral.
Come on, hurry up. You'll miss the bus.
Come on, hurry!
Come on, it happened like that.
Come on, it'll be all right.
Come on, it'll be fun.
Come on, it's easy.
Come on, it's like this.
Come on, it's my treat.
Come on, it's not that big a deal.
Come on, it's not that hard.
Come on, it’ll be all right.
Come on, just answer the question.
Come on, just say it.
Come on, let go buddy!
Come on, let me buy you a cup of coffee or something.
Come on, let me help.
Come on, let us talk about flowers.
Come on, let's be on our way.
Come on, let's be serious.
Come on, let's do it.
Come on, let's do that again.
Come on, let's do that.
Come on, let's do this again.
Come on, let's get a drink.
Come on, let's get a hot dog.
Come on, let's get breakfast.
Come on, let's get out of here.
Come on, let's get out of the way.
Come on, let's get started.
Come on, let's get the bus.
Come on, let's get this over with.
Come on, let's go back to the house.
Come on, let's go downstairs.
Come on, let's go far a walk.
Come on, let's go for a walk.
Come on, let's go get a drink.
Come on, let's go get some lunch.
Come on, let's go home.
Come on, let's go out in the open and find a secluded spot where we can enjoy this beautiful summer's evening.
Come on, let's go out on the lash in Paris.
Come on, let's go out on the razzle in Paris.
Come on, let's go to the market together.
Come on, let's go together.
Come on, let's go up!
Come on, let's go!
Come on, let's go.
Come on, let's have a drink — my shout.
Come on, let's have a go.
Come on, let's have a pint — my shout.
Come on, let's have some fun.
Come on, let's have tea.
Come on, let's hurry.
Come on, let's leave.
Come on, let's make peace, I know you'll miss me anyway.
Come on, let's not distract Tom from his work.
Come on, let's pack our suitcases and go home.
Come on, let's play another game of chess!
Come on, let's play.
Come on, let's repeat lesson 5.
Come on, let's see it.
Come on, let's see what's happening.
Come on, let's sit here.
Come on, let's take a walk.
Come on, let's take shelter.
Come on, let's try it.
Come on, let’s go!
Come on, live.
Come on, look me in the eye.
Come on, make a move!
Come on, move it.
Come on, my treat.
Come on, no problem is insurmountable!
Come on, old dozer, rouse yourself from your dreams!
Come on, people!
Come on, people, let's be positive.
Come on, pick up the pace.
Come on, play with me, I'm so bored!
Come on, play with me, I’m so bored!
Come on, put your back into it!
Come on, say it!
Come on, say it.
Come on, say them!
Come on, seriously.
Come on, set the tone.
Come on, shake hands, boys!
Come on, show me your report card.
Come on, show me.
Come on, show that you can do something.
Come on, show us what you bought.
Come on, show us what you've got there!
Come on, sing with me.
Come on, sit down and rest your weary legs.
Come on, sleepyhead. Get up!
Come on, sleepyhead. Wake up!
Come on, somebody answer me.
Come on, son. Quit battling the forces of evil for ten minutes and come to dinner!
Come on, spit it out!
Come on, stop thinking about that.
Come on, sweetie, come upstairs and take a shower with me.
Come on, take it easy. Chances are in your favor.
Come on, take my hand.
Come on, talk to me.
Come on, tell her!
Come on, tell him!
Come on, tell me more about your boyfriend.
Come on, tell me your cellphone email address.
Come on, tell me!
Come on, tell me.
Come on, tell us the whole story!
Come on, tell us. Don't keep us in suspense.
Come on, that's ancient history!
Come on, the bus is here.
Come on, the drinks are on me.
Come on, the game's starting.
Come on, touch it.
Come on, trust me.
Come on, try again.
Come on, wake up.
Come on, we have work to do.
Come on, we need to hurry.
Come on, we need to hustle.
Come on, we will give it a go.
Come on, we'll be late if you don't hurry up.
Come on, we're almost there.
Come on, we're going from this place.
Come on, we're going out in a bit.
Come on, we're heading to my place!
Come on, we're not in that era anymore.
Come on, we're running late.
Come on, we’ll be late if you don’t hurry up.
Come on, what kind of human are you?
Come on, what's her name?
Come on, what's his name?
Come on, who would believe that crap?
Come on, why don't you tell me earlier that she also has a crush on me? Now, it's too late!
Come on, you can clap louder than that.
Come on, you can do better than this!
Come on, you can do it.
Come on, you can do that.
Come on, you can do this. Just one more sentence!
Come on, you can have a swim in my pool.
Come on, you can tell me.
Come on, you can't be serious.
Come on, you have to explain it again to him.
Come on, you have to tell me what has happened there.
Come on, you have to tell us.
Come on, you lot. This isn't funny any more.
Come on, you really don't mean that!
Come on, you two.
Come on, you're not mad?
Come on, you're pulling my leg.
Come on, you're wasting time.
Come on, you've got to eat something, Tom.
Come on.
Come on. Don't be a troll.
Come on. Don't be shy.
Come on. Everyone's waiting for you.
Come on. Give it a try.
Come on. Have a drink.
Come on. He doesn’t deserve you.
Come on. I want to show you something.
Come on. I'll show you the way.
Come on. I'm taking you home.
Come on. Is it really so hard to spare an hour or two for practice every day?
Come on. It will be fun.
Come on. It will be great.
Come on. It'll be fun.
Come on. It'll be great.
Come on. It's time to go.
Come on. It's time to leave.
Come on. Kill me.
Come on. Let's do it again.
Come on. Let's get out of here.
Come on. Let's give Tom a hand.
Come on. Let's give them a hand.
Come on. Let's go home.
Come on. Let's have a little fun.
Come on. There's someone I want you to meet.
Come on. Try to hit me.
Come on. We can talk undisturbed in the kitchen.
Come on. We don't have all day.
Come on. We've got to be off now if we want to catch that train.
Come on. You can do it.
Come on. You can do that.
Come on. You're not that old.
Come on. You've got to guess.
Come one Tuesday, if possible.
Come one in, Carlos.
Come out and enjoy the cool breeze.
Come out and play.
Come out and talk to me, Tom.
Come out from behind that bench.
Come out from under the table!
Come out here.
Come out here. I need help.
Come out now.
Come out of there.
Come out of your room!
Come out peacefully.
Come out quietly.
Come out right now!
Come out to the balcony.
Come out to the porch.
Come out with us.
Come out with your hands up!
Come out with your hands up.
Come out, come out, wherever you are!
Come out.
Come outside and play with us.
Come outside and see my new car.
Come outside with me and look at the constellations.
Come outside with me.
Come outside.
Come outside. You need a little fresh air.
Come over and help out.
Come over and join us.
Come over and pick me up.
Come over and see for yourself.
Come over any time.
Come over for dinner sometime.
Come over here and give me a hug.
Come over here and give me a kiss.
Come over here and help me.
Come over here and help us out.
Come over here and hug me.
Come over here and join us.
Come over here and sit down.
Come over here and sit in the shade with me.
Come over here and sit with us.
Come over here and warm yourself by the fire.
Come over here and warm yourselves by the fire.
Come over here if you want to play hide-and-seek.
Come over here right away.
Come over here right now.
Come over here so I can smack you.
Come over here!
Come over here! There's a seat free.
Come over here, Tom.
Come over here, Tom. You can have your cake and eat it!
Come over here.
Come over here. I'll give you a massage.
Come over here. I'll rub your back.
Come over in the morning.
Come over later.
Come over to Algeria.
Come over to mine whenever you want.
Come over to my house.
Come over to my place after the movie and we'll play Battleship.
Come over to my place.
Come over to our table.
Come over to the house.
Come over to us! There's a seat free here.
Come over tonight. I will show you how.
Come over!
Come over.
Come party with us.
Come party!
Come pick it up on Tuesday. I'm sure by then we'll have gotten the pieces we're missing.
Come pick me up around 2:30.
Come pick me up at 2:30.
Come pick me up.
Come pick us up.
Come play volleyball with us.
Come play with us.
Come quick towards me!
Come quick!
Come quick.
Come quickly!
Come quickly! There's someone at the window!
Come quickly!! The train leaves in ten minutes.
Come quickly, for he cannot talk anymore!
Come quickly.
Come quickly. It's urgent.
Come quietly.
Come rain or shine, I'll be out in the field.
Come rain or shine, I'll start tomorrow.
Come rest beside me. Night is coming to a close, and soon the sun will be returning.
Come right after you finish your work.
Come right away, please!
Come right back, OK?
Come right back.
Come right in.
Come right this way, please.
Come round any time.
Come round for a visit.
Come round more often! You've got friends here who miss you!
Come round the corner for coffee.
Come round to mine on the way home.
Come round to see me at eight tonight.
Come round whenever you want.
Come run with me.
Come say "hi" to me!
Come say hello to the Jacksons.
Come see for yourself.
Come see me after work.
Come see me again tomorrow.
Come see me again.
