Will you write a small text about that?
Will you write sentences tomorrow?
Will you write that down for me?
Will you write with a ballpoint pen?
Will you write your name here?
Will your father eat dinner with you tonight?
Will your friends be seeing you off at the airport?
Will your parents be at home?
Will your parents let you stay home today?
Will your religion spread on Mars?
Will your report be finished in time for the meeting?
Will your team be playing in Kabylie any time soon?
Will, will Will will Will Will’s will?
Willemstad is the capital of Curaçao.
Willert Park Courts in Buffalo, New York was the first housing project in the state to be built specifically for African Americans.
Willert Park Courts in Buffalo, an example of modern design, was the first public housing project in New York State to have African American residents.
William Campbell from Ireland and Satoshi Omura from Japan shared the prize for their discovery of a "novel therapy" against infections caused by roundworm parasites.
William Ellis has spent most of this day grating carrots.
William Henry Seward, President Abraham Lincoln’s Secretary of State in the 1860s proposed both the purchase of Greenland and Iceland when he was negotiating the purchase of Alaska from Russia.
William II, the last German emperor, decreed that his bones be reburied in German soil only after the monarchy was restored in Germany.
William McKinley refused to travel.
William McKinley was assassinated.
William Penn was not born a Quaker.
William Pitt the Elder was perhaps the most influential member of the Whig party.
William Saroyan was a North American writer of Armenian descent.
William Shakespeare was an English playwright.
William Tell shot an arrow at the apple on his son's head.
William Tell shot an arrow at the apple on his son’s head.
William abducted a woman named Sandra.
William accidentally found some money.
William accidentally met Sandra.
William accidentally missed the entry to his neighborhood.
William accidentally parked on Sandra's side of the street.
William accidentally turned onto the wrong street.
William accompanied Sandra to photoshoots.
William accompanied Sandra to the hospital.
William acted natural.
William acted upon Sandra's orders.
William addressed the crowd in a calm, measured tone.
William advised Sandra to take care of Walid in his absence.
William agreed to give Sandra his address.
William agreed to reconcile with Sandra.
William agreed to take the money.
William almost committed suicide.
William almost ruined everything.
William also behaved like that towards other girls.
William also came to stay with Sandra.
William also felt self-love.
William also suggested Sandra be much more careful.
William always fact-checked before sharing any news on social media.
William always held the door open for Sandra.
William always looked forward to reading a new chapter of the book each night before bed.
William always loved to compete in sports and games.
William always packs light for his trips to make traveling easier.
William always received help from Sandra.
William and Sandra almost bumped into each other.
William and Sandra are stepsiblings.
William and Sandra argued right there on the street.
William and Sandra became enemies.
William and Sandra began chatting like the old times.
William and Sandra began to like each other.
William and Sandra coincidentally ordered the same thing.
William and Sandra collaborated on a new album.
William and Sandra collaborated.
William and Sandra confessed their love for each other.
William and Sandra continued to communicate and exchange news.
William and Sandra decided to stick together.
William and Sandra forgot about their previous conflict.
William and Sandra fought for the chair.
William and Sandra got into a heated argument.
William and Sandra had a romantic dinner.
William and Sandra had feelings for each other.
William and Sandra have a date.
William and Sandra hung out most of the night.
William and Sandra hung out the entire summer.
William and Sandra kept fighting.
William and Sandra made a bet.
William and Sandra made it look like they were hanging out together.
William and Sandra proceeded to make out with the window open.
William and Sandra ran the marathon together.
William and Sandra returned to normal.
William and Sandra returned to their respective homes.
William and Sandra showed interest in each other.
William and Sandra spent the next minutes casually talking and laughing.
William and Sandra started fighting over the detonator.
William and Sandra talked and finally arranged to meet.
William and Sandra wanted to reignite their romance.
William and Sandra were finally getting along.
William and Sandra were formerly colleagues.
William and Sandra were in a romantic relationship.
William and Sandra were newly married.
William and Sandra's argument got interrupted by the photographer.
William and Sandra's romantic bond wouldn't affect their professional lives.
William and his friend have been friends since they were children.
William and his girlfriend had fun trying out different desserts at the local bakery.
William and his girlfriend went to the movies last night.
William and his partner are both avid readers.
William and his partner are both interested in art.
William and his partner are both into fitness.
William and his partner are both involved in their community.
William and his partner are both musicians.
William and his partner are both passionate about environmental issues.
William and his partner are both vegetarians.
William and his partner are planning a trip to Europe.
William and his partner are planning a wedding.
William and his partner are planning to adopt a child.
William and his partner are saving up to buy a apartment.
William and his partner are taking dance lessons.
William and his partner enjoy cooking together.
William and his partner enjoy hiking together.
William and his partner have a dog named Max.
William and his partner have a joint bank account.
William and his partner have been together for ten years.
William and his partner love to travel.
William and his partner met in college.
William and his partner work at the same company.
William and his roommate share an apartment in the city.
William and his siblings had fun playing board games on family game night.
William and his sister have a strong sibling relationship.
William and his sister haven't spoken in years.
William apologized on behalf of his friend, John.
William apologized to Sandra for being a horrible friend.
William approached Sandra to comfort her.
William approached Sandra's truck slowly.
William arrived at Sandra's apartment safely.
William arrived at his destination.
William asked Sandra if she planned the entire thing.
William asked Sandra out in a hallway full of students.
William asked Sandra to come for a run.
William asked Sandra to come to his apartment.
William asked Sandra to drive him to his father's home.
William asked Sandra to drive him to the marathon.
William asked Sandra to keep the secret.
William asked Sandra to let him use the bathroom.
William asked Sandra to put in sleeping pills for Skura.
William asked Sandra to show him her songs.
William asked Sandra to tie Walid up again.
William asked Sandra where she was.
William asked Sandra why she selected Walid for their plan.
William asked everyone to stay in the room.
William asked for a breakup.
William asked for a first-aid kit.
William asked for help editing his film.
William asked for more food.
William asked his teacher a question about the homework assignment.
William asked me if we two were together.
William asked the bartender for a drink.
William aspired to make it big in the music industry.
William assured Sandra that he wasn't crazy.
William attacked Sandra's loved ones.
William became a famous rapper.
William became a successful businessman.
William became disillusioned with his decision to rob a bank.
William became furious and left the table abruptly.
William became like a big brother to Sandra.
William became more lively.
William became really talkative and sassy.
William became the best student.
William became very annoyed.
William began confessing to everything.
William began testing his powers.
William began to provoke Sandra.
William began wondering if he should tell everyone the truth.
William begged Sandra to let him go.
William begged Sandra to spare his life.
William begged for Sandra's forgiveness.
William behaved towards Sandra like that.
William believed that facts could change people's minds more effectively than arguments.
William believed that facts were more powerful than opinions.
William believed that facts were the foundation of any good argument.
William believes that communication is key to maintaining healthy relationships.
William borrowed Walid's uniform.
William bought things that made people suspicious of him.
William breathed a sigh of relief when the airplane safely passed through a thunderstorm.
William broke his vows.
William brought Sandra flowers to apologize for everything.
William burped out loud.
William called Sandra to tell her that they were defeated.
William called his best friend, Walid, to pick him up.
William came back with news that Sandra's father finally agreed to deliver the money.
William came running to Sandra.
William came to Sandra with flowers to beg her to take him back.
William came to Sandra's house and had dinner with her family.
William came to Sandra's store to buy some films.
William can help Sandra lose weight.
William can't act as freely as he wants.
William can't fool everyone.
William captured all the text messages.
William celebrated his birthday with his closest friends and family.
William chained Sandra to a bed.
William chained Sandra.
William challenged Sandra to find a better agent than him.
William changed his appearance.
William changed his hairstyle.
William chased after Sandra on the sidewalk.
William checked a different tent for more volunteers.
William checked his social media.
William chose a different game.
William chuckled nervously.
William clearly can't trust Sandra.
William climbed a tall tree.
William collected his belongings and left the room.
William collected trash on the beach.
William colluded with a rival company.
William committed fraud.
William commutes to work every day by train.
William complained about the food.
William confessed his feelings for Sandra.
William confessed that he really liked Sandra.
William confirmed the doctor's appointment.
William constantly made fun of Sandra's accusations and petty insults.
William constantly reminded Sandra to act like a girl.
William contemplated Sandra's proposal to reignite their romance.
William continued his career as a radio announcer.
William continued to hate Sandra.
William continued to try to get close to Sandra.
William convinced Sandra to join.
William could hardly remember Sandra's name.
William could have easily killed Sandra right there and then if he wanted to.
William could have left Sandra with the sharks, but he didn't.
William could have passed the test with his eyes closed.
William could see everyone clearly.
William couldn't actually believe that that was happening to him.
William couldn't bring himself to talk to Sandra.
William couldn't control his class.
William couldn't find Sandra.
William couldn't help but feel a sense of nostalgia as he walked through his old college campus.
William couldn't help but feel a sense of nostalgia for the good old days when life seemed simpler.
William couldn't shake the feeling that something could go wrong.
William couldn't stand the pain anymore.
William created a makeshift ladder.
William cried all day long.
William cried during the entire conversation.
William cried even harder.
William cried so hard that he couldn't breathe.
William cut in line and went first.
William dated many girls at the same time.
William decided he would never talk to his parents again.
William decided to change his career path and pursue his true passion.
William decided to cut ties with Sandra.
William decided to do the job himself.
William decided to ignore what just happened.
William decided to make Sandra join us for dinner.
William decided to participate in the audition.
William decided to send the video to Sandra.
William decided to stay away from Sandra.
William decided to take a spontaneous trip to Mexico with his friends.
William decided to take a trip to Africa to go on a safari.
William decided to take his family out to a fancy restaurant for his birthday.
William decided to travel to the UK to further his education.
William defended all kinds of students.
William definitely figured out he was in a bad situation.
William deleted the email.
William demanded an explanation.
William dialled the number from the phone book.
William did not cry.
William did that out of anger.
William did that, not Sandra.
William didn't bother to open the message.
William didn't dare to show his sadness in front of Sandra.
William didn't deny his affair.
William didn't feel afraid even when threatened.
William didn't give Sandra any answers.
William didn't give up on Sandra.
William didn't have any feelings for Sandra.
William didn't have time to think much.
William didn't hear anything else.
William didn't hesitate to agree.
William didn't immediately receive a reply from Sandra.
William didn't intend to fully walk back to Bab El Oued.
William didn't know exactly how those events were connected.
William didn't know why he left Sandra.
William didn't like that right away.
William didn't like the idea much.
William didn't really know a lot about cars.
William didn't really know what to do.
William didn't really take much note of Sandra's silly jokes.
William didn't really want to miss out on all the fun.
William didn't say anything and swung his baseball bat at the door.
William didn't see if Sandra actually entered the building.
William didn't seem arrogant at all.
William didn't speak up until Sandra left.
William didn't talk to Sandra for a week.
William didn't technically do anything to harm Sandra.
William didn't understand how to use the equipment.
William didn't want his wife to volunteer.
William didn't want to hurt Sandra's feelings.
William didn't want to ruin his friendship with Sandra.
William doesn't envy Sandra.
William doesn't get jealous.
William doesn't have a place to practice anymore.
William doesn't have confidence in America's banking system.
William doesn't like Sandra anymore.
William doesn't like Sandra sexually.
William doesn't really have a choice now, does he?
William doesn't want to repeat the mistakes of the past.
William dragged Sandra to the bathroom.
William drank a lot of water.
William dreamt of traveling around the world.
William drifted into unconsciousness.
William dumped a can of gasoline around Sandra's house.
William easily recognized Sandra and waved.
William easily teleported anywhere in the world.
William enjoyed the author's use of foreshadowing in chapter five.
William enjoyed the in-flight entertainment on the airplane during his long journey.
William enjoyed the tasty meal served on the airplane, even though it was a bit cramped.
William enjoys going to the gym to work on his fitness.
William enjoys spending time with his friends and values those relationships.
William established an exercise routine.
William even showed Sandra around.
William eventually jumped into the pool to retrieve the papers.
William eventually killed Sandra.
William eventually left that street.
William executed Sandra immediately.
William executed plan B.
William exercised a bit in the kitchen.
William explored the place.
William expressed his feelings to Sandra.
William fell into a difficult situation.
William fell to the ground.
William felt a bit sorry for Sandra.
William felt a little jealous.
William felt a pang of nostalgia as he walked down the street where he grew up.
William felt a sense of awe as he looked down at the tiny, miniature cities and landscapes from the airplane.
William felt a sense of nostalgia as he reread his favorite chapter of the novel.
William felt betrayed.
William felt guilty for Sandra.
William felt like a failure after he lost the competition.
William felt stronger and scared at the same time.
William felt the most guilty.
William felt very annoyed with Sandra.
William felt very hurt.
William felt very sad.
William finally accepted how bad his problem had gotten.
William finally got home.
William finally left the hotel.
William finally lost his patience.
William finally realized what was going on.
William finally started to have reasons to smile again.
William finally volunteered.
William finished the crossword puzzle.
William focused only on his career.
William followed the cable.
William forced Sandra to record a message for her father.
William forgot about his friends.
William forgot how quickly the time passed.
William forgot the event entirely.
William fought Sandra to get his gun back.
William found Sandra's pregnancy records.
William found Sandra's wedding ring in his pocket.
William found a locked door.
William found an excuse to bring Sandra home early.
William found an old picture of Sandra.
William found an old picture of himself.
William found chapter five to be the most suspenseful part of the novel.
William found himself surrounded by girls.
William found himself unable to see.
William found his way back to the hotel after getting lost in the city.
William found it fun to explore the new city he just moved to.
William found no injuries.
William found something sensational to get the reporter.
William found the bullet in the bathroom.
William freed Sandra from her handcuffs.
William frowned at Sandra.
William gave Sandra a bottle of honey water to relieve her hangover.
William gave Sandra a bunch of extra homework.
William gave Sandra a fake name.
William gave Sandra his favorite pen.
William gave Sandra his number and asked her to call him.
William gave Sandra more juicy news.
William gave Sandra the jacket.
William gave his dad an expensive suit.
William gently kissed Sandra's lips to show her that he really liked her.
William got a high score.
William got a lot of detentions.
William got a phone call from his father.
William got another detention.
William got arrested at his place.
William got furious every time Sandra ever mentioned John.
William got good marks.
William got into trouble at his new school.
William got money from his father.
William got more and more afraid of Sandra.
William got nervous when he saw himself in the mirror.
William got on the bus to school.
William got ready to kill Sandra.
William got really scared.
William got safely home that night.
William got scared of the dark.
William got tired of waiting at home.
William grabbed a bunch of money and ran away.
William graduated with a law degree.
William had a beautiful dream.
William had a clear vision for his future, which he pursued with unwavering determination.
William had a good conscience.
William had a natural talent.
William had a passionate love for the arts, particularly painting.
William had a wonderful relationship with his girlfriend.
William had another mistress.
William had aspirations about becoming a manager.
William had been awake for the last twenty-four hours so, he was rightfully sleepy.
William had bigger problems.
William had dreams about becoming a superstar.
William had eventually to leave that street.
William had few friends.
William had fun trying out different cuisines during his vacation.
William had no clue where Sandra actually lived.
William had no evidence that Sandra was lying.
William had no time to return the tape.
William had quite a temper.
William had relationships with many other girls.
William had so much fun at the amusement park with his friends.
William had to find a way to extend the time.
William had to go back home.
William had to go to the hospital.
William had to take a connecting flight, so he hurried to catch his next airplane.
William handed Sandra her missing pen.
William hangs out with Elon Musk himself.
William hardly even glanced at Sandra.
William has a close relationship with his mother.
William has a great sense of humor, he always knows how to make me laugh.
William has a present for Sandra.
William has a secret hideout in the desert.
William has a strained relationship with his in-laws.
William has a very beautiful voice.
William has a weaker physique than other boys his age.
William has a wealthy father.
William has already anticipated every step Sandra would take.
William has always been a type of person who enjoys spending time outdoors.
William has always paid attention to Sandra.
William has been Sandra's only love since they were kids.
William has been doing this for years.
William has been in a coma for five months.
William has been in a long-term relationship with his girlfriend.
William has been in a serious accident.
William has been practicing his hobby of playing guitar for years, and he's quite good.
William has completely recovered from the deadly disease.
William has discovered a correlation between the location of Mayan cities and the position of stars in constellations.
William has experience with cases like these.
William has finally gotten bored and left.
William has got a bit of a problem here.
William has grown so much, too.
William has had enough of Sandra's attitude.
William has his own stuff to deal with.
William has just finished his job.
William has just received an invitation card to a conference.
William has just returned from Algeria.
William has never been on a trip alone before.
William has never heard about this before.
William has never really been good at conflict.
William has only two close friends: Walid and Sandra.
William has ordered Sandra a drink already.
William has probably just graduated from college.
William has run out of things to pay with.
William has to let go of the person he loves.
William has to unpack.
William hasn't been answering Sandra's messages.
William hasn't changed much in the last five years.
William hasn't had clean water in a long time.
William hastily got out of bed.
William heard a noise from downstairs.
William heard the confession and felt heartbroken.
William held Sandra very tightly to his side.
William helped Sandra get good marks.
William helped Sandra reach her apartment.
William heped Sandra get good grades.
William hesitantly waved at the policeman.
William hid in his room.
William hoped to find Sandra.
William hugged Sandra tight.
William hurried to Sandra.
William hurt Sandra and so many other people.
William hurt us both.
William identified his kidnapper's voice.
William idiotically agreed to open the door.
William immediately drove home.
William immediately forgot about his intention to take revenge.
William immediately got disgusted.
William immediately helped Sandra.
William immediately hid under the bed.
William immediately left the graveyard.
William immediately looked at Sandra.
William immediately lowered his voice.
William immediately pretended to be sick.
William immediately put his hands up in front of him.
William immediately realized Sandra's true motives.
William immediately remembered Sandra's face.
William immediately returned to Tunisia for medical treatment.
William immediately slapped Sandra and scolded her.
William immediately snatched the tape from Sandra's hands.
William immediately started crying.
William immediately started to feel unsafe.
William immediately went to the hospital for treatment.
William insisted on not opening the door.
William inspired Sandra to write some of her best songs.
William intended to return to Algeria.
William intentionally dropped the spoon on the floor.
William intentionally kept the news from Sandra.
William interrogated Sandra.
William investigated further.
William invited Sandra to come to Algiers with him.
William invited Sandra to stay at his place.
William invited Sandra to the art exhibition.
William is Sandra's favorite rapper.
William is a Canadian citizen.
William is a Swedish citizen.
William is a bag of bones.
William is a big fan of yours.
William is a born leader who inspires his team to achieve their goals.
William is a complex individual with many layers to his personality.
William is a fair dinkum guy.
William is a person I met at the party last night.
William is a psychiatrist and maybe he can intervene medically to help Sandra with her issues.
William is a skilled product designer who creates innovative solutions for everyday problems.
William is a successful entrepreneur who started his own tech company.
William is a talented artist who specializes in painting.
William is a talented designer with a keen eye for detail.
William is a teenage boy who loves to play video games.
William is a transfer student from Canada.
William is a very private person, he doesn't share much about his personal life.
William is a very sweet guy.
William is a young professional who just started his career in the tech industry.
William is afraid he may wake up Sandra.
William is also a tough boy.
William is also in the same class as Sandra.
William is always up for trying new things, he's such an adventurous person.
William is an experienced chef who can whip up a delicious meal in no time.
William is an individual who values his independence above all else.
William is an old friend.
William is being paranoid.
William is committed to building positive relationships with his coworkers.
William is cooking dinner for his family tonight.
William is currently fifty.
William is currently working as a sous-chef in a fine-dining restaurant.
William is definitely the type of person who enjoys a good challenge.
William is excited about his engagement to his long-time girlfriend.
William is excited about his upcoming trip to Europe.
William is far away from Sandra.
William is getting five million dinars tomorrow.
William is going to work abroad.
William is hesitant to enter into a new romantic relationship.
William is making Sandra less intelligent.
William is more successful.
William is not going anywhere.
William is not the type of person to give up easily; he's very determined.
William is now a successful songwriter.
William is now dating someone else.
William is only focused on studying.
William is only two years younger than his sister.
William is packing his bags for his trip to Paris.
William is planning his re-election campaign for the upcoming election.
William is quite popular among female students.
William is ready for that.
William is running for re-election in the upcoming municipal elections.
William is running late, too.
William is so organized. He's always on top of things.
William is so organized. He’s always on top of things.
William is still recovering from the surgery.
William is still thinking about it.
William is struggling to repair his relationship with his estranged brother.
William is studying hard for his future career as a doctor.
William is such a kind person, he always goes out of his way to help others.
William is such a talented musician, he's been playing guitar for years.
William is talking so strangely.
William is the type of friend who always listens and gives good advice.
William is the type of friend who you can always count on.
William is the type of guy who always puts others first.
William is the type of person who always goes above and beyond.
William is the type of person who always sees the best in others.
William is the type of person who inspires others to be their best selves.
William is the type of person who loves to learn new things.
William is the type of person who loves to try new things.
William is walking down the street to get to his office.
William is working on a project that will revolutionize the way we think about renewable energy.
William is working to rebuild his relationship with his son after a period of estrangement.
William isn't overwhelmed with stress anymore.
William joined here on a scholarship.
William jumped away.
William just couldn't help falling in love with Sandra.
William just gave a speech and came back quickly.
William just sighed and left.
William just stood there, eerily silent.
William kept chatting with people from Algiers.
William kept making sacrifices to make Sandra happy.
William kept teasing Sandra.
William kept the letter hidden in his pocket.
William kicked John in the leg.
William kicked Sandra out of his apartment.
William killed one of the women.
William kissed Sandra on the nose to thank her.
William knew Sandra had feelings for him.
William knew Sandra wasn't blind.
William knew about Sandra's powers.
William knew everything that happened to Sandra.
William knew he was wrong.
William knew how to reel Sandra in and trap her like a fish on a hook.
William knew immediately he had messed up.
William knocked Sandra unconscious.
William knows what he really wants.
William landed his balloon in an unknown location.
William learnt Sandra had a drinking problem.
William learnt a pretty good lesson.
William learnt about his wife's blindness.
William left Sandra feeling uneasy.
William left Sandra humiliated and in pain.
William left Sandra in the cellar as punishment.
William left Sandra with no choice but to quit the company.
William left school, too.
William left the boathouse.
William left the party and took a bus home.
William literally ran for his life.
William lived in Algeria with his mother.
William lived in a lightly wooded area.
William lived in a relatively friendly town in northern Algeria.
William lived in an area that was totally secluded.
William lived with his abusive father, John.
William lives far from the capital city of Algiers.
William lives on a fairly busy road.
William looked embarrassed, but he didn't say anything.
William looked like a careless millionnaire.
William looked out the airplane window and saw the vast expanse of clouds below.
William looked really creepy.
William looked very familiar.
William loosened the bolts.
William lost contact with Sandra.
William loved to read and write stories from a young age.
William loves playing games on his phone during his daily commute.
William loves playing with his toy train set.
William loves to bask in the warm sunshine during his afternoon walks.
William loves to ride his bike in the park.
William loves to travel by plane.
William made Sandra a welcome video.
William made Sandra extremely confused.
William made Sandra feel ashamed.
William made Sandra feel seriously uncomfortable.
William made Sandra laugh for the first time in a while.
William made a terrible choice.
William made an announcement of his own.
William made an appointment with Sandra at a cafe.
William made enemies on his first day of school.
William maintains a good relationship with his former professor.
William managed a small shop.
William managed to establish a routine.
William managed to find Sandra's apartment with the help of Walid.
William marveled at the view from the airplane window as the plane took off.
William met Sandra at the clothing store.
William met Sandra in the most romantic way.
William might have developed feelings for Sandra.
William missed many opportunities to go abroad and further his career.
William motivated Sandra to lose weight.
William moved to Algeria with his father.
William moved to the city.
William moved to the window.
William must face the consequences of his dishonesty.
William nearly jumped out of his skin.
William needed his pen.
William needed to block Sandra on all social media platforms.
William needed to take his powers to the next level.
William needs to protect his honor.
William needs to think carefully before answering.
William never actually saw Sandra's face in person.
William never communicated with Sandra again.
William never picked up the phone.
William never really noticed anything off.
William never saw Sandra after that.
William never visited Sandra in prison.
William noticed a few girls sitting next to him.
William noticed eventually that no one was in the building.
William obtained the evidence he needed.
William of Ockham was an English Franciscan monk.
William only drank water.
William only told Sandra his first name.
William only went out when he needed to find food.
William opened the door to go out.
William outsmarted everyone.
William panicked and immediately hung up the phone.
William parked right next to Sandra, of all places.
William performed with Sandra's band.
William picked up a steel ruler.
William picked up his phone to check the date.
William planned to poison Sandra.
William planned to visit some old friends.
William played online games.
William played with the children in the park.
William pleaded, but Sandra ignored his words.
William pointed the gun at Sandra.
William politely declined.
William preferred to work alone.
William prepared a bomb to kill all the aliens.
William prepared everything early.
William presented a positive image of Sandra.
William pretended not to know anything.
William pretended not to like Sandra.
William pretended to be CIA.
William pretended to be happy with Sandra.
William probably smokes.
William pulled Sandra in for a kiss, and just then, the phone rang.
William punched a pillow as if it were Sandra's face.
William purposely farted so loud.
William pushed Sandra aside and closed the door.
William pushed Sandra aside.
William pushed Sandra to go.
William pushed Sandra's hand away and slammed the door.
William pushed everyone away.
William quickly blurted out his name.
William quickly got up.
William quickly ordered a cheeseburger.
William quickly ran out, completely embarrassed.
William quickly ran up the stairs.
William quickly washed his hands.
William quietly slipped out of the store behind Sandra.
William quit after a streak of bad luck.
William raised his hand, signaling for the crowd to quiet down.
William ran into the bathroom.
William ran towards Sandra very aggressively.
William read a news article about Sandra's father.
William read a story to the children before they went to bed.
William realized he was definitely in some deep shit.
William realized that Sandra didn't have feelings for him.
William realized that Sandra loved Walid.
William realized that Sandra was doing better than before.
William realized that Sandra was in the same school as him.
William realized that he still had feelings for Sandra.
William realized that he wasn't carrying his wallet with him.
William realized that what he did was a foolish mistake.
William really hated Sandra's family.
William recalled memories of the past when he was still a teenager.
William received an assignment to write a research paper on the effects of climate change.
William received his first box of food.
William received hundreds of messages from friends on social media.
William received the package.
William received the reward for the best album.
William recorded Sandra secretly on the tape.
William recorded a video of his cat playing with a toy.
William refused to collaborate with Sandra.
William refused to let Sandra go.
William refused to obey.
William refused to sign the contract without his special pen.
William refused to sign the contract.
William regained some confidence.
William rejoined the group.
William released Sandra's intimate photos to the public.
William remained optimistic.
William remembered the good times he shared with Sandra when they were together.
William reminded Sandra to love herself.
William removed his mask.
William reported the incident to the teacher.
William rested for a while.
William returned to Algeria after his heart transplant surgery went smoothly.
William returned to Tunisia to undergo treatment.
William returned to his old apartment.
William returned to the station.
William rightfully felt unsafe.
William rode his bicycle to the park.
William rubbed his tired eyes and yawned.
William rushed over.
William rushed to Sandra's place.
William said he was single.
William said he would be back soon.
William sang a song at the school concert.
William sang and played the piano.
William sat down, sipped his beer and casually watched the show.
William sat on his bed and checked his phone.
William saved up for months to take a trip to Hawaii.
William saw Sandra holding her stomach.
William saw Sandra on his very first day of school.
William saw Sandra when she arrived.
William saw Sandra's eyes.
William saw a familiar figure walking out of the door.
William saw a pair of big bright eyes staring at him in the darkness.
William saw the bullet shell on the floor.
William saw the incident.
William saw the stitch marks on Sandra's chest.
William saw the tape recording.
William saw the tape.
William says he can't remember how he responded exactly.
William scanned the crowd, searching for someone he knew.
William scolded Sandra for her lack of commitment.
William screamed, but no one heard him.
William secretly drank alcohol.
William secretly took a photo of Sandra.
William seduced Sandra while filming in front of her.
William seemed grumpy.
William seemed inexplicably angry with Sandra.
William seemed to fall into the abyss.
William sees ghosts.
William selected Sandra as his victim.
William sent Sandra a love message.
William sent Sandra apology letters.
William sent an email to his father.
William sent the answers to his email address.
William sent the evidence to the police.
William sent the videocassette by mail.
William set a trap for Sandra to fall into.
William set a trap for Sandra.
William set all the alcohol on fire.
William set his alarm for 6am so he could wake up early for his morning run.
William shared naked photos of the girls he dated.
William shared the news with everyone.
William shot the bullet at Sandra.
William should be ashamed of himself.
William should be in jail right now.
William should forget becoming a rapper.
William showed his taekwondo skills and impressed everyone.
William showed up just in time to save Sandra.
William showed up, screaming for help.
William slept and even snored.
William slightly opened his eyes.
William slowed down, completely out of breath.
William slowly undid his fly.
William smiled and went to his room.
William smiled in place of a greeting.
William spent a long time in jail.
William spent the afternoon reading in the park.
William stared at Sandra like she had just kicked his puppy.
William started demanding I introduce him to my new friend.
William started eavesdropping on the conversation between Sandra and Walid.
William started getting better marks.
William started having feelings for Sandra.
William started showing off the cash.
William started spending most of his time with Sandra.
William started telling Sandra about his little brother.
William started thinking about how to make his teammates get along.
William started to feel unexplicably hopeless.
William started to gain weight.
William started to have feelings for Sandra.
William started to laugh meanly.
William started to silently cry.
William started to think that the lucky charm was truly magical.
William stayed in bed for many days.
William still did not give up on his mistress.
William still doesn't have his own uniform.
William still doesn't trust Sandra.
William still held Sandra's wrist firmly.
William stood at the front of the crowd, his arms raised in victory.
William stood directly under the bridge.
William struck up a conversation with his seatmate on the airplane and they became fast friends.
William stumbled away to find an adult to help Sandra.
William suddenly appeared out of nowhere.
William suddenly disappeared from the lake.
William suddenly saw Sandra.
William suddenly spoke up.
William suddenly stepped out from behind one of the trees.
William suffered from emptiness.
William summoned Sandra to his office.
William swore nothing happened between him and Sandra.
William taught John how to be a dork.
William taught Sandra to scream to relieve stress.
William teleported back to his apartment.
William teleported to the bar.
William the Conqueror conquered England in 1066.
William the Conqueror defeated king Harold in 1066 at the Battle of Hastings.
William the Conqueror occupied England in 1066.
William thinks Sandra is too good for him. She deserves a much better man.
William thought about using the money to start a new life with his son.
William thought chapter five was the most action-packed section of the book.
William thought his lucky charm was helping him somehow.
William thought of all the things Sandra had done.
William thought that his plan was successful.
William threatened anyone that dared to complain.
William threatened to shoot anyone that tried to steal.
William threw an apple at Sandra.
William threw the detonator away.
William threw the gun into the lake.
William tied Sandra up again.
William told Sandra about his plans to go to Algeria.
William told Sandra everything about his hometown.
William told Sandra everything that happened between him and John.
William told Sandra she was beautiful.
William told Sandra to change her stylist.
William told a spooky story.
William told his name to Sandra.
William told his parents, but they didn't believe him.
William took Sandra everywhere he went.
William took Sandra to a live music bar.
William took Sandra to an isolated cave.
William took Sandra to meet his friends.
William took Sandra to the carnival.
William took Sandra to the food storage room.
William took Sandra to the van.
William took Sandra's hand in his and smiled.
William took a moment to get himself together.
William took a part-time job there.
William took a sip of his coffee.
William took a sip of his vodka to get courage.
William took a tape.
William took care of his skin.
William took healthy lunches to work.
William took off as quickly as he could.
William took out his phone to check the date.
William took sides with Sandra to criticize Walid.
William took the dog with him inside the church.
William took the shell and swallowed it.
William traveled back in time.
William treated Sandra like worthless garbage.
William tried to act professionally.
William tried to comfort Sandra to help her forget.
William tried to ignore Sandra.
William tried to leave without being noticed.
William tried to make Sandra look like a clown.
William tried to make a move on Sandra.
William tried to remind himself that those were just coincidences.
William tried to take Sandra's life, but thankfully failed.
William tried unsuccessfully to save Sandra.
William turned away when Sandra tried to kiss him.
William turned on the camera.
William turned red.
William used a stun gun to paralyze Sandra.
William used every trick in the book to siphon money from the company.
William used his taekwondo skills.
William used one of his cellphones to call the police.
William used the computer to write his essay.
William used the flamethrower again to push the aliens into the wormhole.
William used to go to Sandra's school.
William values honesty in his relationships.
William values loyalty in his relationships.
William visited Sandra's room again.
William visited an amusement park.
William walked Sandra home.
William walked back down slowly.
William walked down the street on a dark and chilly night.
William walked into the room, feeling nervous about the job interview.
William walked like a ninja to avoid Sandra.
William walked slightly towards Sandra.
William walked slowly on the way back home.
William wanted Sandra to come to his apartment.
William wanted that, too.
William wanted to advance his musical career.
William wanted to confess his feelings to Sandra.
William wanted to destroy Sandra's club.
William wanted to find information about Sandra.
William wanted to force Sandra to get out of the house.
William wanted to get Sandra to fall in love with him.
William wanted to go to save Sandra.
William wanted to invest in the company's development.
William wanted to kiss Sandra on the cheek.
William wanted to kiss Sandra, but she turned her head to avoid it.
William wanted to show off his wealth.
William was Sandra's henchman.
William was a kind-hearted man who always went out of his way to help his fellow villagers.
William was a natural leader, able to command the respect of any crowd.
William was a passionate student of science, eager to learn and discover new things.
William was a student from another school.
William was a visionary leader who revolutionized the textile industry.
William was able to free his hands.
William was about to sign a contract.
William was accident-prone.
William was actually Native American himself.
William was admiring Sandra's paintings.
William was afraid he might never see Sandra again.
William was afraid of scandals.
William was also interested in the laws of physics and spent countless hours experimenting with different materials and forces.
William was also praised by the principal.
William was always curious and loved to learn new facts.
William was always fascinated by stamps and loved to collect them.
William was always getting into trouble.
William was amazed by the technology and engineering that went into building the airplane.
William was an accomplished musician and a conductor. He gave Caroline voice lessons and trained her in mathematics as well.
William was an artist manager.
William was an artist, known for his stunning landscape paintings.
William was an independent thinker who refused to follow the crowd.
William was angry that he didn't see Sandra at home.
William was approached by an art manager.
William was approached by another acquaintance: Sandra.
William was arrested by the police.
William was asking Sandra for help.
William was assigned to write an essay on the topic of climate change.
William was at a cafe.
William was behaving a little weird.
William was brought to the asylum.
William was chasing after a balloon.
William was clearly out of touch with reality.
William was completely dumb.
William was completely unaware of what Sandra had planned against him.
William was concerned about the impact of climate change on his hometown.
William was constantly looking up at the constellations.
William was constantly managing Sandra's every move.
William was constantly shushing his dog.
William was delighted to hear the news of his sister's engagement.
William was determined to break up.
William was determined to change himself.
William was determined to let go of everything and live life on his own terms.
William was determined to train every day to achieve his fitness goals.
William was determined to uncover the facts behind the mysterious disappearance.
William was devastated to hear that Sandra was dating John.
William was directly rejected by Sandra.
William was driving a stolen car around town.
William was dying laughing.
William was exasperated by Sandra's strange behavior.
William was excited about the money.
William was excited to begin reading chapter one of his favorite book.
William was excited to board his first flight.
William was excited to board the airplane for his first ever flight.
William was excited to embark on his latest venture.
William was excited to find out the outcome of the election.
William was excited to start his first day of university.
William was exhausted with deep bags under his eyes.
William was expelled for cheating.
William was extremely scared.
William was filled with anxiety when he realized he was stuck in the hot air balloon.
William was financially unstable.
William was forced to attend lectures on how to behave at school.
William was frequently looking behind him.
William was furious with Sandra for lying to him.
William was given another chance to start over.
William was grateful for the smooth and uneventful flight on the airplane.
William was having a party at his house.
William was having so much fun at the concert that he didn't want it to end.
William was having trouble, too.
William was here extremely quickly.
William was holding Sandra's hand and leaning in to kiss her.
William was hospitalized due to shock.
William was hurt, but determined not to go through that again.
William was impressed by the attentive service of the flight attendants on the airplane.
William was in a better mood.
William was in a worse mood.
William was in denial about his problem.
William was in front of the shop.
William was in the middle of a date.
William was incessantly ringing Sandra's door.
William was intrigued by the historical details in chapter five.
William was irritated about something.
William was knocking on the door with a baseball bat.
William was left alone with the cake.
William was left outside.
William was living the best life.
William was moved by Sandra's singing and piano skills.
William was nervous about addressing the crowd, but he knew he had to do it.
William was nervously chewing on his pencil.
William was no longer grounded.
William was nominated for a music award.
William was not afraid to challenge established theories and ideas, and he often went against the mainstream thinking of his time.
William was not completely satisfied.
William was one of the bottom-ten students.
William was one of the students with the highest grades.
William was one of the students with the lowest grades.
William was originally from Bab El Oued.
William was overwhelmed by the size of the crowd that had gathered to hear him speak.
William was planning to bring Sandra to make Skura jealous.
William was playing with kids in the neighborhood.
William was pleased with the resolution of the conflict in chapter five.
William was pounding desperately at the door.
William was practically jumping with excitement at the news.
William was practically on the edge of his seat with excitement as he watched the thrilling movie.
William was punched in the face.
William was quickly losing his momentum.
William was quite shocked to see Sandra suddenly appear.
William was ready to test that theory.
William was relived to discover Sandra was fine.
William was running between the desks, trying to calm the students down.
William was safe at home.
William was shocked and covered his mouth.
William was shy and awkward around new people.
William was silently waiting for an opportunity.
William was sitting at his desk in the office, typing away on his computer.
William was skeptical of conspiracy theories and always relied on facts.
William was so kind and sweet.
William was so kind.
William was so mad, he broke his pencil.
William was so scared that he was literally sick.
William was staring daggers at Sandra.
William was still drunk.
William was still extremely happy with his girlfriend, Sandra.
William was still holding Sanda's arm very tightly.
William was still pretending to be blind.
William was super excited.
William was surprised by Sandra's disclosure.
William was surprised by the plot twist at the end of chapter five.
William was suspected by Sandra.
William was swinging on the porch when his mother called him for dinner.
William was terrified to find Sandra dead on the floor.
William was the headmaster of the school.
William was the only person who could use that bathroom.
William was the perfect son-in-law.
William was touched by the memory.
William was transferred to the class for the unruliest of students.
William was trying to communicate with the aliens.
William was turned away without meeting Sandra.
William was unable to focus on his music.
William was unable to see as well.
William was very excited to get into the taekwondo club.
William was visibly annoyed.
William was waiting for Sandra at the concert.
William was waiting for Sandra's answer.
William was walking alone on the road.
William was wandering around without clothes.
William was with Sandra at that time.
William was with the girl Sandra had met in the toilet earlier.
William was working at the local bar.
William was worried about the situation.
William wasn't able to cope with his sadness.
William wasn't impressed with Sandra's last album.
William wasn't impressed with that.
William watched Sandra from a far.
William watched the plane soar in the sky.
William watched the sunset from the airplane window as he flew westward.
William watched the video again.
William went back to 2004.
William went back to the past five years ago.
William went back to the van.
William went completely blind.
William went into hiding.
William went on a fishing trip with his dad and they caught a huge fish.
William went on a war on junk mail.
William went out again.
William went straight to Sandra's apartment.
William went to a warmer place.
William went to his own home.
William went to pick up the food.
William went to see Sandra off as promised.
William went to the airport to see Sandra off.
William went to the bar to pick up a girl.
William went to the park to enjoy the sunshine.
William will also succeed.
William will be eternally grateful for Sandra's help.
William will be in the same situation.
William will be rich and free to go wherever he wants.
William will be single for the rest of his life.
William will burn down the house.
William will do more things out of control.
William will end up in prison again.
William will go on stage.
William will go to Algiers for treatment.
William will keep doing this until all the students pay attention.
William will not regret that in the future.
William will prepare tea for Sandra.
William will soon be moving to Algiers.
William wiped away his tears.
William wished Sandra a happy new year.
William woke Sandra up with a slap.
William woke up early this morning to catch his flight.
William woke up early this morning to start his day.
William woke up in the middle of the night to eat.
William woke up the next morning and checked his phone.
William won't be able to secure a job due to his criminal record.
William won't be staying here.
William won't let Sandra into the apartment.
William won't make it back.
William won't tell the police.
William worked at the television station.
William worked out well.
William worked tirelessly on his project until it was completed to perfection.
William works as a lawyer at a law firm in Algeria.
William works at a law firm.
William worried that would start a war.
William would always remember his first airplane ride and the excitement and wonder it brought.
William wouldn't allow himself to be taken advantage of.
William yelled at Sandra for ruining everything.
William's actions had a profound effect on the outcome of the project.
William's approach to science was interdisciplinary, as he drew upon insights from a wide range of fields to inform his research.
William's argument was based on facts and not emotions.
William's balloon soared up into the air.
William's behavior left Sandra in a state of panic.
William's behavior made Sandra snap.
William's behavior made Sandra's mood worse.
William's blindness must be neurological.
William's car was completely blocked in.
William's charisma gave him an air of confidence and authority that made people take him seriously.
William's charisma helped him overcome his fear of public speaking and become a confident orator.
William's charisma helped him succeed in his political career, as he was able to win over voters with ease.
William's charisma helped him win over even the most skeptical of clients.
William's charisma was contagious and inspired others to be their best selves.
William's charisma was evident in his ability to connect with people from all walks of life.
William's charisma was infectious, spreading through the crowd like wildfire.
William's charisma was so magnetic that even his opponents couldn't help but be drawn to him.
William's charisma was so powerful that he was able to turn even the toughest critics into fans.
William's charisma was the secret ingredient that made his speeches so compelling.
William's classmates were impressed by his performance and clapped.
William's comment was particularly insulting.
William's complexion wasn't good.
William's contributions to science earned him numerous awards and accolades, including the Nobel Prize.
William's curiosity led him to pursue a career in science, where he could explore the mysteries of the natural world.
William's dedication to his health has led him to make positive lifestyle changes.
William's ears popped as the airplane climbed to its cruising altitude.
William's emotions exploded.
William's emotions flared up.
William's encounter with Sandra is certainly something he will never forget.
William's enthusiasm and excitement were infectious, spreading to everyone around him.
William's ex-girlfriend was hovering around us all the time.
William's excitement was evident in the way he bounced up and down in his seat.
William's excitement was so great that he could hardly contain himself.
William's eyes sparkled with excitement when he saw the surprise party.
William's eyes widened with excitement as he opened the gift.
William's face betrayed no emotion as he delivered the news.
William's face lit up with excitement when he heard the news.
William's face looked sad.
William's face was obviously not happy.
William's face worsened.
William's family returned shortly after.
William's favorite part of his job is that he gets to have fun while working.
William's favorite part of the airplane was the window seat, which gave him a stunning view of the earth below.
William's favorite subject in school was science because it was based on facts.
William's first plane ride was when he was five years old.
William's flight was delayed, so he spent several hours in the airport waiting for his airplane to arrive.
William's girlfriend looked like a super model.
William's goal is to become a successful entrepreneur.
William's grandfather's stories always filled him with nostalgia for a bygone era.
William's grandmother's house always filled him with nostalgia for his childhood.
William's hand was tightly locked into Sandra's.
William's heart skipped a beat with excitement when he saw his childhood crush walk into the room.
William's heart was racing with excitement as he waited for the roller coaster to start.
William's hobby is painting, and he spends most weekends at his easel.
William's hobby of birdwatching has taken him all over the world, and he's seen some rare species.
William's hobby of building model airplanes is very precise - he has an eye for detail.
William's hobby of collecting antique cars is quite expensive, but he loves it.
William's hobby of collecting stamps started when he was just a boy, and he still enjoys it today.
William's hobby of gardening keeps him busy all spring and summer, and his yard always looks beautiful.
William's hobby of playing basketball keeps him in shape, and he's part of a local league.
William's hobby of playing video games has turned into a lucrative career - he's a professional gamer now.
William's hobby of writing has led him to publish several books, and he's working on another now.
William's hobby was astronomy and he devoted most of his free time to making more and more powerful telescopes with which to look deeper into space.
William's hometown is a small village in the countryside.
William's idea of fun is to spend a lazy day at home binge-watching his favorite TV shows.
William's kids are going to drive Sandra crazy.
William's last album was kind of boring.
William's left foot looked weirdly swollen.
William's leg has got a serious infection.
William's legacy in science is a testament to the power of human curiosity and the importance of scientific inquiry in advancing our understanding of the world around us.
William's life took a turn for the worse.
William's life will soon turn into a horror movie.
William's love is true.
William's love of science extended beyond the lab, as he was also an avid science communicator, writing articles and giving talks to share his discoveries with the public.
William's natural charisma made him a natural fit for a career in sales.
William's natural charisma made him a popular choice as a public speaker.
William's new truck was slightly wider than his previous one.
William's nightmare was finally over.
William's old high school yearbook was a treasure trove of nostalgia.
William's old toys brought on a sense of nostalgia and longing for simpler times.
William's performance was filmed by the principal.
William's pet dog is always up for a fun game of fetch in the park.
William's plan was about to unfold.
William's prank made Sandra feel ridiculous.
William's presence alone was enough to draw a crowd.
William's reaction stunned Sandra.
William's relationship with Sandra hasn't been good.
William's relationship with his boss is professional but cordial.
William's relationship with his business partner is productive.
William's relationship with his ex-wife is amicable.
William's relationship with his father is more distant.
William's relationship with his neighbor is friendly.
William's relationship with his therapist has helped him work through his issues.
William's reputation as a telescope maker grew to such an extent that he quit his job as a musician and devoted all of his time to the making of telescopes and to astronomy.
William's research was thorough and he always presented his findings as facts.
William's sense of humor always makes everyone around him have fun and laugh.
William's smile didn't fade completely.
William's stalker eventually lost track of him.
William's stomach growled loudly.
William's story didn't end there.
William's teeth were black and barely clinging onto his discolored gums.
William's trip to Japan was a once-in-a-lifetime experience.
William's trip to New York City was filled with sightseeing and delicious food.
William's trip to the Grand Canyon was breathtakingly beautiful.
William's truck has broken down.
William's true intentions were far from noble.
William's vision went white.
William's visit to his childhood home was filled with nostalgia and bittersweet memories.
William's words resonated with the crowd, inspiring them to take action.
William's work in science had a profound impact on the world, influencing fields such as medicine, engineering, and technology.
Williams is expected to miss six to eight weeks after an operation Friday to repair a partial tear of the quadriceps tendon in her left knee.
Williams was so happy after her victory that she jumped in the air, and then performed a little jig at the side of the court.
Willie accidentally let off his father's shotgun and made a hole in the wall.
Willie accidentally let off his father’s shotgun and made a hole in the wall.
Willing dependence is the most beautiful condition, and how would it be possible without love?
Willing mind is what I have found at last.
Willing or unwilling.
Willingness to correct is a sign of wisdom.
Willingness to correct is an indication of wisdom.
Willingness to take responsibility is a sign of maturity.
Willow branches don't break under the weight of snow.
Willow trees are so beautiful when they are blooming with yellow flowers.
Willows are known for their long, sweeping branches.
Wilson clearly had the best chance to win.
Wilson felt very happy.
Wilson has been moved from intensive care to a regular room.
Wilson looks forward to leaving the hospital soon.
Wilson looks forward to ordering takeout from his favorite Vietnamese soup restaurant.
Wilson looks forward to ordering takeout from his favorite pho restaurant.
Wilson looks forward to re-uniting with his two roommates and pet hedgehog, Penelope.
Wilson probably was correct about this.
Wilson's solution is similar to Hudson's in that they used the same constants.
Wilson’s solution is similar to Hudson’s in that they used the same constants.
Wimbledon has eighteen grass courts, including the Center Court.
Wimbledon is a very big tennis tournament in the world.
Wimp!
Win a toy!
Win as if you were used to it, lose as if you enjoyed it for a change.
Win or lose, I hope we manage to play good football.
Win or lose, I hope we manage to play some decent football.
Win or lose, I hope we manage to play some good football.
Win with class, lose with dignity.
Win, but don't triumph.
Win, lose, or draw, fans support their team.
Wind accompanied the rain.
Wind and weather conditions on the Great Lakes may create a seiche, an oscillating wave which can be several feet high.
Wind blew through the cornfield.
Wind blew through the wheat field.
Wind energy has been used to some extent in many countries.
Wind energy is a good example of a natural energy source.
Wind howled along the machicolated battlements.
Wind is a cheap and clean source of energy.
Wind is a cheap and environmentally friendly source of energy.
Wind speed can be measured using a cup anemometer.
Wind started to blow.
Wind stroked my hair.
Wind the clock.
Wind the video back.
Wind up the clock.
Wind-driven waves, or surface waves, are created by the friction between wind and surface water.
Windflower is a raccoon whose owner is pocahontas.
Windhoek is the capital of Namibia.
Windigos can mimic human voices.
Winding through the high desert, across Colorado, Utah, Arizona and on down the California border, the Colorado river irrigates nearly 4.5 million acres of crops worth billions of dollars annually, nourishes plant and animal life in 11 national parks, and generates more than 4,000 megawatts of electricity.
Windmills do not work that way.
Window awnings can reduce solar heat gain in the summer by up to 65% on south-facing windows and 77% on west-facing windows. You can use an awning to shade one window or have an awning custom-made to shade the entire side of your house.
Window or aisle?
Window shades and curtaining are in high demand.
Windows 8 is really good, but I prefer 7.
Windows 95 crashed on me AGAIN!
Windows is a type of computer operating system.
Windows is a widely-used tracker.
Windows is the most used operating system in the world.
Windows is updating.
Windows kept popping up on the screen.
Winds from the sea are humid.
Winds from the sea are moist.
Winds haunt the village.
Winds in this area gust at more than one hundred miles an hour.
Winds roll the waters, and the great seas rise. / Dispersed we welter on the gulfs. Damp night / has snatched with rain the heaven from our eyes, / and storm-mists in a mantle wrapt the light. / Flash after flash, and for a moment bright, / quick lightnings rend the welkin. Driven astray / we wander, robbed of reckoning, reft of sight. / No difference now between the night and day / e'en Palinurus sees, nor recollects the way.
Winds transport tons of Sahara dust to northern Algeria.
Windscreen wipers are no good against ice.
Windscreen wipers are no use against ice.
Windscreen wipers are useless against ice.
Windscreen wipers haven’t any utility against ice.
Windshield bullseyes are much easier to fix than cracks.
Windshields are made of laminated glass.
Windshields are not made of regular glass.
Windsocks are used to indicate the direction and strength of the wind.
Windsurfing is a lot of fun.
Windsurfing is a popular sport here.
Windsurfing is fun.
Windy this morning, isn't it?
Windy this morning, isn’t it?
Wine and cheese go together well.
Wine becomes better with age.
Wine can make the meal.
Wine captured Boldi's heart forever.
Wine costs twenty coins.
Wine for everyone.
Wine gets better over time.
Wine goes to my head.
Wine helps digest food.
Wine helps with digestion.
Wine improves as it ages.
Wine is a passion for Adriano.
Wine is a poem in a bottle.
Wine is a topic of conversation for Adriano.
Wine is an alcoholic beverage.
Wine is bad for your liver.
Wine is best in the middle of the cask.
Wine is better than beer.
Wine is bottled poetry.
Wine is good for your health.
Wine is his only friend.
Wine is made from grape juice.
Wine is made from grapes.
Wine is not for children.
Wine is not harmful in itself.
Wine is not meant for children.
Wine is not to my taste.
Wine is poetry filled in bottles.
Wine is poetry in a bottle.
Wine is poetry in bottles.
Wine is poetry put into a bottle.
Wine is produced from grapes.
Wine is produced from the fruit of a plant called a grapevine.
Wine is put in barrels to mature.
Wine is put in casks to age.
Wine is red.
Wine is the milk of old men.
Wine is the most reliable guidepost, since it advertises the joy, the sincere gaiety, the happiness to come.
Wine is the software of a meal. Meats and vegetables are but its hardware.
Wine is the solution to all your problems.
Wine is wont to show the mind of man.
Wine made here is very famous.
Wine makes glad the heart of man.
Wine makes man's heart happy.
Wine makes me sick.
Wine makes me sleepy.
Wine often goes to my head.
Wine should be savored, not drunk in one gulp.
Wine tasting notes are important to Adriano.
Wine tasting with Adriano is a delightful experience.
Wine, oil olive, and honey are frequently adulterated, faked, or counterfeited.
Wine, please.
Wing Chun is a traditional Chinese martial art that focuses on close range combat.
Wingless insects are less scary than winged ones.
Wings to the bird, mind to the human.
Wink at him.
Wink wink nudge nudge.
Winner winner chicken dinner!
Winners can go to Algeria.
Winners don't use drugs.
Winners don’t use drugs.
Winners never quit, and quitters never win.
Winners of the 2017 Nobel Peace Prize warned that the world was "one impulsive tantrum" away from destruction, urging nuclear nations to adopt a U.N. treaty banning atomic weapons.
Winners quit fast, quit often, and quit without guilt.
Winnie the Pooh invented cocaine.
Winnie the Pooh is Tom's roommate.
Winnie the Pooh is coming to take your guns.
Winnie the Pooh is my favourite Disney cartoon character.
Winnie the Pooh joined the Space Force.
Winnie the Pooh lives there.
Winnie-the-Pooh likes honey.
Winning a lottery is an easy way of making money.
Winning a trophy made Tom happy.
Winning even once would be good for their self-confidence, right?
Winning feels pretty good.
Winning is always difficult.
Winning is always hard.
Winning is always nice.
Winning is more fun than losing.
Winning is never easy.
Winning is not important, rather, team-work is important.
Winning is what it's all about.
Winning isn't everything.
Winning isn't the only thing that matters.
Winning isn’t the only thing that matters.
Winning one race isn't the same as dominating a sport.
Winning over Elias was going to be a challenge.
Winning the Grand Prix was a feather in the cap of the famous drivers.
Winning the competition is important. However, fair play is more important. You need to understand that winning is not the most important thing.
Winning the contest is a stupendous achievement.
Winning the election was a great victory for the candidate's political party.
Winning the election was a great victory for the candidate’s political party.
Winning the lottery changed my life.
Winning the lottery didn't bring Tom happiness.
Winning the trophy made me happy.
Winning wasn't difficult.
Winning wasn't easy.
Winning wasn't hard.
Winston Churchill had a stammer.
Winston Churchill was the Prime Minister of Britain during the Second World War.
Winston Churchill wore a boiler suit to many of his meetings with foreign leaders during the Second World War.
Winston Churchill, Mark Twain, and Albert Einstein all have many quotes misattributed to them.
Winston Ericson isn't Winston Johnston, as why people have family names.
Winston doesn't want to believe in any religion.
Winston doesn't want to buy a book, because he already has many boxes full of books.
Winston hated capitalism, because he could never afford a house.
Winston was an earthborn, but he emigrated to the Martian colony Barsoom in his teenage years.
Winston's new documentary is the first to centre around the politics of the Obama administration.
Winter Solstice is 21 December.
Winter Solstice is 21st December.
Winter approached.
Winter begins in December.
Winter break is oooooooooover.
Winter break is over.
Winter brings many good things, but also bad things.
Winter brings me feelings of depression.
Winter came and the waters froze.
Winter came without warning.
Winter came.
Winter can be harsh in Mordor.
Winter changed to spring.
Winter clothes are cozy and warm.
Winter comes earlier in North Europe.
Winter continued.
Winter covers the fields with snow.
Winter does not look real without snow.
Winter doesn't want to give way to her vernal sister just yet.
Winter drove us to stay inside.
Winter had been easy.
Winter had come.
Winter has arrived.
Winter has been long.
Winter has begun.
Winter has come.
Winter has ended.
Winter has finally arrived here as well.
Winter has gone.
Winter has gone. Spring has come.
Winter has returned to the capital city region.
Winter here was long, and summer short.
Winter in Denmark was a bad choice.
Winter in New York can be very cold.
Winter in the north is cold.
Winter in the north is long, and summer is short.
Winter in this area was extremely cold.
Winter is a cold season.
Winter is a four-year-old llama.
Winter is a snowy season.
Winter is a tough time for my mental well-being.
Winter is almost here.
Winter is already around the corner, but I don't have a fur coat!
Winter is approaching.
Winter is back.
Winter is better than summer.
Winter is cold here.
Winter is cold in the north.
Winter is cold, but I like it.
Winter is cold.
Winter is coming on.
Winter is coming soon.
Winter is coming.
Winter is drawing near.
Winter is drawing on.
Winter is fast approaching.
Winter is finally coming.
Winter is gone.
Winter is here again.
Winter is here, and the weather's getting cold.
Winter is here, spring can't be far?
Winter is here.
Winter is just around the corner.
Winter is just beginning.
Winter is my favorite season.
Winter is my favourite season.
Winter is on its way.
Winter is over and spring has come.
Winter is over.
Winter is preferable to summer.
Winter is right around the corner.
Winter is snow time.
Winter is so pretty.
Winter is the coldest season in a year.
Winter is the coldest season of the year.
Winter is the coldest season of the year. As proof, sometimes it snows.
Winter is the season I like best.
Winter is very cold this year.
Winter lasted about a week; then came spring, which soon gave way to a summer lasting three-quarters of the year.
Winter never left.
Winter nights are long.
Winter occurs after autumn and before spring.
Winter preparations are all complete.
Winter seems to be sticking around a lot longer than usual this year.
Winter solstice is coming.
Winter sports are very popular in our country.
Winter started with heavy fall of snow.
Winter storms have increased in frequency and intensity since the 1950s, and their tracks have shifted northward over the United States.
Winter swimming isn't dangerous for healthy people.
Winter this year is lasting longer than usual.
Winter time is the natural one.
Winter took motorists by surprise.
Winter vacation is just around the corner.
Winter was approaching.
Winter was exceptionally mild.
Winter was unusually mild.
Winter weather is extremely hard in this area.
Winter went by, then spring, summer, fall, and winter again.
Winter went quickly by; now March and spring are here.
Winter will arrive soon enough.
Winter will arrive soon.
Winter will be mild.
Winter will be over soon.
Winter will soon be here.
Winter will soon be over.
Winter's coat's off.
Winter's coming.
Winter's reign was nearing its end.
Winters are brutal in Algeria's high plateaus.
Winters are cold here.
Winters are cold in Kabylia.
Winters are quite cold here.
Winters are severe here.
Winters are very cold here.
Winters can be extremely cold in some parts of Kabylie.
Winters here are cold.
Winters in the north are long, but summers are short.
Winter’s reign was nearing its end.
Wipe away the dirt over there.
Wipe away the dirt.
Wipe away your tears, my girl, that's the way life is.
Wipe away your tears.
Wipe down hard surfaces.
Wipe down the cabinet shelves and doors to prevent dust and residue buildup.
Wipe down the counter's edges and corners to remove dust and debris.
Wipe down the counters and stove to remove any spills or crumbs.
Wipe down the countertops after preparing meals or snacks.
Wipe down the front of the stove and its sides.
Wipe down the interior of the dishwasher regularly to prevent mold and mildew.
Wipe down the shelves regularly to prevent dust and residue buildup.
Wipe down the shelves to remove any stains or spills.
Wipe down the sink's faucet and handles regularly.
Wipe down the stovetop's surface to prevent grease and residue buildup.
Wipe down your desk after you finish your homework.
Wipe it off.
Wipe off the table.
Wipe that smile off your face!
Wipe that smile off your face.
Wipe that smirk off your face.
Wipe that smug look off your face.
Wipe the counter after you spill something.
Wipe the dust off the table.
Wipe the dust off your study table regularly.
Wipe the microwave's interior after spills.
Wipe the microwave's interior with a damp cloth.
Wipe the pan dry with a paper towel.
Wipe the sink after washing your hands.
Wipe the spills on the stove as soon as they happen.
Wipe the sweat from your brow.
Wipe the table off.
Wipe the table.
Wipe them out.
Wipe those three funnels up.
Wipe your boogers off.
Wipe your eyes.
Wipe your face clean.
Wipe your feet before coming in.
Wipe your feet before getting into the car.
Wipe your feet.
Wipe your hands with this towel.
Wipe your mouths.
Wipe your nose.
Wipe your noses.
Wipe your shoes on the mat.
Wipe your shoes or boots if they're muddy before coming inside the house.
Wipe your tears off. A guy like this is not worth crying for.
Wipe your tears.
Wipe your tears. A guy like that isn't worth crying over.
Wiping away her tears, Mary fought back a fresh wave.
Wire me at once, in case there should be an accident.
Wires are used to convey electricity.
Wires carry electricity.
Wires convey electricity from power stations to the users.
Wires transmit electricity.
Wires were sticking out of sockets.
Wiriya is the kind of woman you would spy for hours without closing an eye for a single second.
Wisconsin is America's dairy capital.
Wisdom and goodness to the vile seem vile.
Wisdom cannot be imparted. Wisdom that a wise man attempts to impart always sounds like foolishness to someone else.
Wisdom cannot come without experience.
Wisdom comes with age.
Wisdom comes with patience and practice.
Wisdom does not always come with age. Sometimes, age comes alone.
Wisdom does not automatically come with age.
Wisdom does not consist only in knowing facts.
Wisdom does not prevail over power.
Wisdom follows me, but I am faster.
Wisdom gives us power.
Wisdom grows in silence.
Wisdom grows like roots.
Wisdom grows through contemplation.
Wisdom guides us through adversity.
Wisdom helps us navigate change.
Wisdom is a curse when wisdom does nothing for the man who has it.
Wisdom is a gift, and can also be an investment.
Wisdom is a treasure for eternity.
Wisdom is a treasure for tens of generations.
Wisdom is a union of moral science and art.
Wisdom is acquired through reflection.
Wisdom is applying reason to make decisions.
Wisdom is beautiful and divine.
Wisdom is better than gold or silver.
Wisdom is better than riches.
Wisdom is better than strength.
Wisdom is born from reflection and learning.
Wisdom is found in everyday moments.
Wisdom is found in silence and stillness.
Wisdom is in the head, not in the beard.
Wisdom is knowing the right path to take.
Wisdom is knowing when to act.
Wisdom is listening to life's lessons.
Wisdom is more important than wealth.
Wisdom is necessary to understand wisdom: music does not exist to a deaf audience.
Wisdom is only found in truth.
Wisdom is power.
Wisdom is the art of living well.
Wisdom is the child of experience.
Wisdom is the compass of the soul.
Wisdom is the daughter of experience.
Wisdom is the power of discernment.
Wisdom is the reward for living authentically.
Wisdom is the supreme goal.
Wisdom is the understanding of celestial things to which the Spirit is brought by Love.
Wisdom is to the soul what health is to the body.
Wisdom is worth more than strength, but the wisdom of the poor is underestimated, and their voice isn't heard.
Wisdom often grows with the experiences you accumulate.
Wisdom pursues me, but I am faster.
Wisdom speaks in whispers.
Wisdom teaches us how to live harmoniously.
Wisdom teaches us the value of patience.
Wisdom teeth usually come in after you're 17 years old.
Wisdom tells me I am nothing, love tells me I am everything. Between the two, my life flows.
Wisdom transcends time.
Wisdom was not created from books, but books were created from wisdom.
Wise and prudent men — intelligent conservatives — have long known that in a changing world worthy institutions can be conserved only by adjusting them to the changing time.
Wise as you might be.
Wise is he who learns from others' mistakes.
Wise is not the man who gives the right answers, but the one who asks the right questions.
Wise is the man of few words.
Wise is the man who speaks little.
Wise men do not seek to gain anything, so they lose nothing.
Wise men learn by others' harm, fools by their own.
Wise men live happily.
Wise men love virtue.
Wise men talk about ideas, intellectuals about facts, and the ordinary man talks about what he eats.
Wise men talk because they have something to say; fools, because they have to say something.
Wise men told him his simple fancies were inane and childish, and he believed it because he could see that they might easily be so.
Wise people are not always highly-educated, and highly-educated people are not always wise.
Wise people learn from their enemies.
Wise people learn from their mistakes.
Wise people think before they act.
Wise up!
Wise words!
Wise, modest, contemplative, studious, never clamorous, even if a bit stubborn, he always avoided causing distress to anyone.
Wiser words were never spoken.
Wish I could fly anywhere I would like like a bird.
Wish Tom and me luck.
Wish Tom good luck.
Wish big, aim high, be gentle, be careful.
Wish for what you really want.
Wish me good luck.
Wish me luck!
Wish me luck, I will need it.
Wish me luck, Tom.
Wish me luck.
Wish what you like.
Wish you a nice weekend!
Wish you good luck on the exam.
Wish you were here.
Wish you won't find it! Don't laugh.
Wishful thinking will not change anything.
Wishing is for those who can believe.
Wishing to be sincere in their thoughts, they first extended to the utmost their knowledge. Such extension of knowledge lay in the investigation of things.
Wishing you a Halloween filled with fun.
Wishing you a belated Happy Birthday.
Wishing you a magical and memorable Christmas!
Wishing you an enjoyable future.
Wishing you good health and well-being.
Wishing you peace and happiness at Christmas.
Wishing you success forever, my dear friend.
Wit beyond measure is man's greatest treasure.
Wit gives zest to conversation.
Wit is to conversation what salt is to food.
Witch hazel tightens pores without drying skin.
Witchcraft and sorcery are popular in some parts of Algeria.
Witchcraft exists everywhere, even in Finland.
Witchcraft is not a joking matter in Swaziland.
Witches and sorcerers can make use of magic to make impossible things happen.
Witches can fly on broomsticks.
Witches don't cry.
Witches don't exist, but bad people do.
Witches don't exist.
Witches fly on broomsticks.
Witches in books seem fascinating to me.
With "friends" like Sami, who needs enemies?
With "woke culture," every single word in the dictionary needs to be redefined.
With "woke culture," there is no freedom of speech.
With 19 cases of death forming over 20% of the whole, the grave reality of overwork-deaths has been thrown into relief.
With 20/20 hindsight, he could tell why they lost the game.
With 5 hours to go until the test, Tom's engine finally started.
With 8 GB of RAM, Tom was getting only 35 FPS. With 16 GB of RAM, he started getting 60 FPS.
With AI and robotics able to take on more and more human jobs like heavy lifting and creative artwork, the only thing left for humans to do is meditate.
With Anna you don't stand a chance, Stefan. She's only interested in women.
With August's Perseids obscured by bright moonlight, the Geminids will be the best shower this year.
With COVID guidelines banning large audiences, some Kenyan performers have taken to the streets to earn a living.
With COVID-19 still limiting travel, a Cameroonian startup has created a system that allows African medical patients to have an online consultation with doctors abroad.
With Caesar as the greatest pontiff, the Romans obtained a new calendar.
With China's population becoming larger, and richer, China is on track to overtake Japan as the world's largest corn importer.
With Christmas just around the corner, I should do some shopping.
With Daniel out of the way, the two masked men tried to drag Amanda away.
With Democrats holding the majority of seats on each of the Senate’s 20 standing committees, it could possibly be easier for the new president to advance his legislative priorities.
With Donald not responding to Jessica, she was left alone.
With Esperanto you can communicate equally with people from other countries.
With Fadil, Layla finally found the excitement she had been craving.
With Go's unique handicap system, you will be able to play with anyone in the world on even terms.
With God I speak Spanish, with women Italian, with men French, and with my horse German.
With God as my witness, I'll be an atheist from today on.
With God's help, we will know sorrow no more.
With Halloween just around the corner, NASA has released its latest Galaxy of Horrors posters.
With JAL tickets so expensive, expatriates flew Air Iraq.
With Layla's life insurance policy, Sami could pay out all his debts.
With Layla's support, Sami repented and rejoined the community.
With Linda out of the way, Dan could marry Rita, his mistress.
With Marika, I found Swedish easier to learn than Finnish.
With Microsoft Office documents, versions 2003 or earlier, when you save a file with a password, hackers can break that password in seconds.
With Netanyahu's government, international law doesn't matter.
With Netanyahu, Israel is regressing into barbarism.
With North Korea's announcement on the 26th of its nuclear development plan based upon the agreement stemming from the Six Party Talks, and the United States' commencement of procedures to remove North Korea from its designation on the list of State Sponsors of Terrorism, the families of abductees have expressed growing unease that it may constitute an abandonment of the abductee issue.
With North Korea’s announcement on the 26th of its nuclear development plan based upon the agreement stemming from the Six Party Talks, and the United States’ commencement of procedures to remove North Korea from its designation on the list of State Sponsors of Terrorism, the families of abductees have expressed growing unease that it may constitute an abandonment of the abductee issue.
With Orthodox Easter approaching in April, church attendance is high, mainly among older followers.
With Renaissance, scholastic ideas gave place to positive ideas.
With Republicans in charge of both houses of Congress and the White House, you’d think passing President Trump’s legislative agenda would be a slam dunk.
With Sami, Layla felt mature.
With Tom at my side, I had nothing to fear.
With Tom on our team, we're more likely to win.
With Tom's help, I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
With Tom's help, I'm sure I'll be able to do that.
With Tom, Mary felt like a queen.
With Tom, anything is possible.
With Tom, it feels like nothing I do is ever enough.
With Tom, it would be more fun now.
With Tom, it would have been different.
With Tom, it would've been different.
With Tom, you have to be on your guard.
With Twitter and Facebook blocking and labeling more social media posts, some American conservatives are flocking to alternatives like Parler, which says it won’t censor speech.
With UNICEF support, he is leading a campaign to distribute pneumococcal and rotavirus vaccines, which Levine says can protect children throughout the developing world against pneumonia and diarrhoea.
With US help, dictator Manuel Noriega was deposed in 1989.
With Webb and its rocket securely on the pad, the team will run electrical diagnostics to ensure all lights are green for launch.
With Windows OS systems 'administrator account' corresponds to 'root'.
With Windows OS systems ’administrator account’ corresponds to ’root’.
With Windows, you have to have extensions or it won't read your files.
With Windows, you have to have extensions or it won’t read your files.
With Yanni, it's gonna be his way or no way.
With Yennayer soon to arrive, we began cleaning up the house.
With Ziri's death, the film ended.
With Ziri, it's all about control.
With a 3D scanner it is possible to scan three-dimensional objects.
With a beating heart she opened the door.
With a bicycle, I could reach your house in 20 minutes.
With a big man it's hard for the blood to get up to the brain.
With a big man it’s hard for the blood to get up to the brain.
With a bit more effort we might have won the match.
With a bit of good will on both sides, our problems should be able to be resolved.
With a bit of luck, he could get back home on time.
With a blow of the whistle, the ship began to pull away from the harbor.
With a broken heart, Donald walked out of the classroom.
With a broken heart, Ziri agreed.
With a candle-making machine and molds, invented in Rwanda, production costs are about two cents per candle. Candles imported from China cost about 10 cents each in Rwanda. So the economic advantages of this low-tech project are clear — and the Institute hopes these candles and other products will easily find a market in Rwanda.
With a caress, I move your hair to the side to see your face better.
With a confused brain, but with a heart into which some warmth of hope was returning, I accompanied my friend in a walk round the garden.
With a courage born of despair, she faced her opponent in a duel.
With a cracking of whips and a creaking of wheels the great waggons got into motion and soon the whole caravan was winding along once more.
With a cup of coffee your head becomes clear.
With a curse the captain sat down in the seat, gunned the motor, and started forward.
With a deafening roar, the rocket was hurled into space.
With a different hairstyle, you'd look ten years younger.
With a disarming smile, Mary made her way through the waiting crowd.
With a disdainful grin, Billy made derogatory comments about the foreign student's English abilities.
With a fake ID, Ziri went inside the building.
With a few notable exceptions, the language of opera is Italian.
With a firm goal in mind, you will do well.
With a flick of a pen, the war was officially over.
With a four-way handshake, senior Japanese, German, Indian and Brazilian leaders agreed this week to work together to win permanent Security Council seats.
With a friend like you, one doesn't need enemies.
With a funnel it gets easier.
With a gentle press, Rodrigo tried to pop the pimple and relieve the discomfort.
With a glance of her, he left swiftly.
With a good book in your hands you need never feel lonely.
With a good trainer, the swimmer is bound to win.
With a growing fetus pressed up against their lungs, Steinhoff says, women with the flu can have trouble breathing. He also said a pregnant woman is more susceptible to illness as the growing baby siphons off her natural defenses.
With a hammer and nails in her hand, she headed straight here.
With a hand full of bills, a poorly dressed old man, whose voice quavered, asked whether he could settle his bills here.
With a heavy heart, Igor followed Anna.
With a hermetic seal there is no need to worry about the ingress of moisture.
With a high, closed collar, figure-hugging cut, and large slits at either side of a straight skirt, the qipao is unique in its ability to communicate both modesty and sensuousness.
With a host of special offers, Tom hopes to attract new custom to his shop.
With a host of special offers, Tom is hoping to attract new customers to his shop.
With a host of special offers, Tom is hoping to entice new customers into his shop.
With a hundred dollars, I could manage.
With a lack of consultation people perish.
With a large auger, boring a hole into something is much easier.
With a last weak "cri-cri-cri" the poor Cricket fell from the wall, dead!
With a limited vocabulary, it is possible to talk about many different things.
With a little bit of hesitation, Tom stepped into the van and pulled a wad of cash out of his jacket pocket.
With a little elbow grease we'll have this up and running again in no time.
With a little elbow grease we’ll have this up and running again in no time.
With a little help, I should be able to do this.
With a little luck the weather will be good.
With a little more care, he wouldn't have failed.
With a little more care, he wouldn’t have failed.
With a little more care, the driver could have avoided such a tragic accident.
With a little more care, you would have succeeded.
With a little more effort, Tom could have succeeded.
With a little more effort, Tom could've succeeded.
With a little more effort, Tom would have succeeded.
With a little more effort, Tom would've succeeded.
With a little more effort, he would have succeeded.
With a little more effort.
With a little more patience, Tom would have been able to do that.
With a little more patience, Tom would've been able to do that.
With a little more patience, Tom would've succeeded.
With a little more patience, she would have succeeded.
With a little more patience, we could succeed.
With a little more patience, you could have done that.
With a little more patience, you could have solved the puzzle.
With a little more patience, you could have succeeded.
With a little more patience, you could succeed.
With a little more patience, you could've done that.
With a little more patience, you could've succeeded.
With a little more patience, you would have succeeded.
With a little more patience, you would've succeeded.
With a little more patience, you'd have been able to solve this problem.
With a little more wisdom, he would not have got in trouble.
With a little more wisdom, he wouldn't have had such a difficult time.
With a little planning, I think we can take our company to the top.
With a little planning, you can accomplish more in less time.
With a microwave oven like this, it's always New Year's Eve!
With a mighty throb of thankfulness and relief she felt the refluent blood stream to her heart once more.
With a mild, bright night like today, I always feel like going for a stroll at midnight.
With a mocking tone, Billy imitated the accents of the foreign students.
With a physique like his it's hard to believe he doesn't work out.
With a piercing whistle, the ship sailed from the port.
With a pitter-patter of footsteps she runs off to the entrance.
With a plumb bob, the carpenter is making sure that our new house's walls will be vertical.
With a polite word, everything is easy.
With a quarantine, people who may have been exposed to a virus are prevented from leaving a particular area.
With a quick interchange of smiles Anne and Paul were fast friends forever before a word had passed between them.
With a rattle and a screech, a tractor rolled through the field, knocking the grass flat with a giant red rolling pin.
With a rich history that dates back to ancient times, Armenia is one of the world’s oldest civilizations, known for its distinct culture, language, and heritage.
With a rook-to-knight exchange on d4, when the game was even, Ding Liren (white) easily won the fourth game of the FIDE 2023 World Chess Championship, tying the match (Nepo 2, Ding 2).
With a sad look on his face, Leonid told Rima the truth.
With a sad smirk, twinged with irony, Tom pondered the list of savageries he was subjected to in this capitalistic "civilization."
With a scornful smile on his face, the soldier stood there and looked at the approaching enemy, abiding his doom.
With a scream the spectators scattered.
With a scream, the spectators scattered.
With a sexual predator like Sami at large, no woman is safe.
With a shortage of midwives added to that of obstetricians it has become clear all over again that our country's obstetric care is in an extremely grave situation.
With a shortage of midwives added to that of obstetricians it has become clear all over again that our country’s obstetric care is in an extremely grave situation.
With a shrewd maneuver, the army in black uniform captured the opponent's queen, and they surrendered, because without their most valuable figure it would be useless to continue fighting. The battle was lost.
With a shrug and some sorrow, Europeans bid 'Adieu' to EU member Britain.
With a sigh, the boys left one another.
With a slow motion I started to move my hands up and down his shaft.
With a slow movement of his hand, he pushed aside a lock of her hair. Then, tenderly and softly, he kissed her neck below the ear.
With a sluice you can control the water.
With a smile on his face, Gabriel waved at the audience before starting his speech.
With a smile on his face, Gabriel waved at the passing cars.
With a smile she dried his hair with a towel.
With a smile, Daniel came to hug his mom.
With a smile, Ziri turned around and hugged Rima.
With a smile, anything is possible.
With a smirk on his face, Donald Trump waved at the crowd before starting his speech.
With a spearlike mouth and a wingspan estimated at 7 meters, they have said the pterosaur would have “soared like a dragon” above the vast inland sea that once covered much of outback Queensland.
With a student ID card, you can get a discount.
With a stupid head, even the legs have no rest.
With a sudden chill weakening every part of his body, Aeneas groans and, stretching both hands to the stars, cries out thus: "O thrice and four times blessed, whose lot it was to perish before the faces of their fathers under the high walls of Troy!"
With a sudden darting motion, the centipede emerged from beneath the bookshelf and raced towards the kitchen.
With a swift motion, Anna swiped at the bumblebee with the broom, but missed, accidentally knocking over a potted plant instead.
With a swift motion, Rodrigo managed to trap the centipede under the jar.
With a swift swipe, Rodrigo successfully guided the centipede into the jar, sealing it tightly.
With a thick marker, he drew a yawning little figure.
With a top speed of 160 kilometers per hour, sleek new bullet trains will cut a bone-jarring 15-hour road trip down to under four hours, promising a new tide of trade and tourists from China for one of Southeast Asia’s poorest countries.
With a towel hastily wrapped around her, Anna quickly ran out of the bathroom.
With a trembling hand, Anna pointed towards the ceiling, indicating the presence of a massive spider near the chandelier.
With a trembling hand, Rima signed the confession.
With a unanimity which seems almost incomprehensible, and for a long time was not understood by historians, the urban agglomerations, down to the smallest burgs, began to shake off the yoke of their worldly and clerical lords.
With a very fake smile, James said: "Hi, Amanda!"
With a voice wielding power of the ancient Nord art.
With a warm and wet climate, Guangzhou has fresh flowers all year round.
With a warm smile, he offered me a sandwich.
With a wave of her magic wand, the fairy turned the pumpkin into a carriage.
With a weak beat, it continues to bleed.
With a wooden potato masher Adelaide mashed the berries in the saucepan and poured over the sugar; this mixture she let stand a few minutes before putting the saucepan on the stove and letting it come slowly to the boiling point.
With a wry face I went out into the hall and opened the door. To my astonishment it was Sherlock Holmes who stood upon my step.
With abject horror she realized that he had already started to eat the body.
With adequate lighting, one can easily discern Nosferatu, with his pointed incisors and extremely long-limbed fingers, known as arachnodactyly, from common vampires.
With age comes wisdom and experience.
With age comes wisdom.
With age, his memory worsened.
With age, you learn the value of patience.
With all due respect to you, I must say you were an idiot.
With all due respect, I disagree.
With all due respect, I think it's bullshit.
With all due respect, I think they both had valid points.
With all due respect, Mr. President, you are an asshole!
With all due respect, you didn't tell me your name.
With all due respect.
With all faces selected, use the Bevel tool to smooth out the edges of your cube.
With all her faults, I like her.
With all her faults, I still like her.
With all her merits she was not proud.
With all his boasting, he is a coward.
With all his efforts, he couldn't succeed.
With all his efforts, he couldn’t succeed.
With all his efforts, he failed the test.
With all his efforts, the accident happened.
With all his faults, he is respected by everybody.
With all his money, he is not happy.
With all his wealth, he is not happy.
With all its sham, drudgery and broken dreams, it is still a beautiful world. Be careful. Strive to be happy.
With all its sham, drudgery and broken dreams; it is still a beautiful world.
With all my heart, I hope for your greatness.
With all my love.
With all of his tricks he has mastered, he will be able to deal with any formidable client.
With all of the excitement for languages, one shouldn't forget, that there are also other things in life.
With all of the wrong notes he could've played a new concert.
With all that noise, I couldn't sleep last night.
With all that we might have been better off just to have stayed home.
With all the effort you've put in, is that all you could come up with to bore me to tears?
With all the kerfuffle since this morning I'd almost forgotten but we've still got the problem of the club members haven't we?
With all the kerfuffle since this morning I’d almost forgotten but we’ve still got the problem of the club members haven’t we?
With all the lights on, Tobias couldn't really see outside.
With all the talent he has, he never makes any effort.
With all the teaching and research, I have no time for myself.
With all these social activities, when do you get a chance to study?
With all your money, you should be able to buy just about anything you want.
With allies like these, you don't need enemies.
With an American father and a French mother, she is bilingual.
With an air of nonchalance which, under the circumstances, seemed to me to border upon affectation, he lounged up and down the pavement, and gazed vacantly at the ground, the sky, the opposite houses and the line of railings.
With an apologetic smile, Tom left the room.
With an area of about 5.4 million square miles, the Arctic Ocean is about 1.5 times as big as the United States. It is bordered by Greenland, Canada, Norway, Alaska, and Russia.
With an area of approximately 62 square miles (or 160 square kilometres), Liechtenstein is one of Europe's smallest countries.
With an area of seventy-five hectares, our botanic garden encompasses about four thousand plant species.
With an associate's degree, you can be admitted automatically into some universities.
With an over-simplified language, you don't have dialogues but only automatic reflexes.
With animals I wish to live my life; they're such great companions!
With animals I wish to live my life; they’re such great companions!
With another blat the beast switched around, lowered his head, and charged directly at the ugly man.
With anti-aliasing turned off, expect to see a lot of jagged edges.
With antibiotic resistant bacterial infections on the rise, doctors say they need to be sure they are administering just the right antibiotic at the exact dosage needed to effectively and quickly treat a specific infection.
With any luck, my cellphone battery won't die.
With any luck, there will be no school tomorrow.
With any luck, there'll be no school tomorrow.
With appropriate laser light, we can see individual atoms with the naked eye the way we see dust motes in a sunbeam.
With arbitration, judgement is usually passed in six months time.
With arbitration, judgement is usually passed in six months' time.
With around 40 million tons gathered every year (as of 2009), Brazil is the third largest producer of fruits worldwide, behind only China and India.
With automation taking over manual jobs, we can expand into other areas of work, especially those connected to technology.
With bated breath and crouching figures they stumbled across the garden, and gained the shelter of the hedge, which they skirted until they came to the gap which opened into the cornfield.
With bated breath we awaited the result.
With bated breath, Tulugaq whispered to them all the news that would change all of their lives.
With beautiful skin like yours, you don't need any makeup.
With being in the trade, I am able to get goods at a discount.
With best regards.
With big brown eyes and an affectionate, docile nature, it is the orangutans' human qualities that attract poachers and help put it high on the list of endangered species.
With birds, as with mammals, conception occurs internally.
With both mind and body in their best condition, let's look forward to the newcomers' training camp.
With both mind and body in their best condition, let’s look forward to the newcomers’ training camp.
With both song and dance, the performers put on an excellent show.
With bronze as a mirror one can dress neatly; with the example of another person one can see the advantages and disadvantages of himself; from the mirror of history one can know the reason for the rise and fall of states.
With car prices so high, now is the worst time to buy.
With care, Rodrigo opened the jar, allowing the centipede to scuttle away into the undergrowth.
With cat-like grace he leapt toward the ledge, missed it and fell to the ground below.
With cat-like movements, Maria went up the stairs.
With colonization, we also spread the French language.
With combined efforts, we pulled the cow through the mud.
With constant bombardment, we can't go out.
With contact lenses, you have more accurate vision than you would with glasses.
With continued ocean and atmospheric warming, sea levels will likely rise for many centuries at rates higher than that of the current century.
With continued warming, cold-related deaths are projected to decrease and heat-related deaths are projected to increase.
With cornel shrubs and many a prickly spear / of myrtle crowned, it chanced a mound was near.
With dare-devil recklessness the notorious bandit eludes a posse of detectives and, assisted by only three companions, steals $10,000.
With dark eyes and eyelashes she would have been a beauty.
With darkness coming on, the children returned home.
With data, he's a genius. But with code -- complete numbskull.
With dating apps like Tinder, it has become easier to cheat.
With declining support, Republicans are looking to dictators from Eastern Europe to teach them how to impose minority rule.
With deep and reverent awe I replaced the candelabrum in its former position.
With deliberate malice I loaded a prolix narrative with every triviality that a fairly retentive memory could rake out of the half-forgotten past.
With determination, he lifted her gently.
With difficulty, he climbed out of the ravine.
With dignity she protested her innocence.
With dissociative identity disorder, I often find myself doing one thing and then blacking out for second just to regain control of my body to find myself doing something completely different, but that's just how my system works.
With dramatic suddenness he struck a match, and by its light exposed a stain of blood upon the whitewashed wall.
With each daily win, and the cliffhanger over whether he’d beat Jennings’ record or falter along the way, Amodio became more of a household name.
With each glass, it becomes clearer Mazzaglia has shown these Americans how to eat and drink like Italians. They linger over the Tuscan reds and nibble on tomato-topped bruschette. Strangers this morning exchange email addresses and promise to keep in touch.
With each passing day I feel more and more trapped.
With each passing day, Benjamin grows more desperate for the funds to arrive.
With each passing day, his will to live whittled away.
With each passing year, the area of the Amazon rainforest shrinks.
With each step, Gustavo felt the tranquility of the woods enveloping him.
With each step, I felt a sense of freedom, exploring the world that lay before me.
With electricity, we have hot water.
With enormous momentum, he picked up the beautiful princess and threw her overboard into the sea.
With enough effort, anyone can beat the odds to become a winner.
With enough money, it's a simple matter to find and work the most pliable politicians.
With enough motivation, who knows what Tom is capable of doing?
With every birthday, we grow older by one year.
With every broken vow, you bring our ideal closer to destruction.
With every challenge, I become stronger.
With every decision, I felt the weight of insecurity pressing down.
With every increase in scientific knowledge, man's power for evil is increased in the same proportion as his power for good.
With every increase of scientific knowledge, man's power for evil is increased in the same proportion as his power for good.
With every increase of scientific knowledge, man’s power for evil is increased in the same proportion as his power for good.
With every minute you spend being angry, you waste sixty happy seconds of your life.
With every minute, the flames began to redden the sky in a dramatic display.
With every moment that passed, Ziri found himself relaxing more deeply.
With every motion her grace and beauty became more apparent.
With every ounce of my strength!
With every passing day, Tom understands more clearly that the bonds of marriage are a heavy burden to him.
With every picked up item, she paints them, fixes them if needed or otherwise changes them to fit the style of the house.
With every second I was feeling worse and worse.
With every spark, the firekeeper watched over the flames like a watchful guardian.
With every step, he inched closer to realizing his dream of moving out and embracing freedom.
With every step, they grew closer.
With everyone being stuck at home during quarantine, these workout challenges have motivated people to keep moving while at home.
With everything going on, we came close to forgetting it.
With exceptions, most of my designs are inaccessible to most people.
With eyes or with hands, we greeted each other. I don't remember who started the talking that day, but I do remember my eyes being drawn toward him, and within seconds, I found my heart full of affection for him.
With fame comes misfortune.
With fears of the coronavirus pandemic sweeping the U.S., Democratic presidential candidates Joe Biden and Bernie Sanders are staging virtual rallies Monday, a day ahead of presidential nominating primary elections in four states that Biden is expected to win handily.
With feathered oars he cleaves the skies, and straight / on Libya's shores alighting, speeds his hest.
With fire balls coming out of James's eyes, he screamed.
With fireballs in his hands, The Cauldron Group's David Duckworth sets magical potions ablaze.
With first base open, he walked the batter.
With five feeble senses we pretend to comprehend the boundlessly complex cosmos, yet other beings with wider, stronger, or different range of senses might not only see very differently the things we see, but might see and study whole worlds of matter, energy, and life which lie close at hand yet can never be detected with the senses we have.
With five minutes left to play in the third quarter, the game was stopped because of lightning.
With flour, milk and an egg, one can bake a cake.
With freedom comes responsibility.
With friends like Tom, one doesn't need any enemies.
With friends like Tom, who needs enemies?
With friends like that, who needs enemies?
With friends like that, you don't need any enemies.
With friends like these, who needs enemies?
With friends like these, why would I need enemies?
With friends like you, who needs enemies?
With frigate birds swooping above and the high-speed dorado slicing through the water below, flying fish are, literally, caught between the devil and the deep blue sea.
With gas planets like Jupiter, the zero level is defined as the level where the gas pressure is one bar.
With global warming, the amount of ice melting in Antarctica is increasing.
With gold talking, every discussion is worthless.
With gratitude, I acknowledge the receipt of your letter.
With great difficulty, Tom and Mary managed to make ends meet.
With great diffidence I venture to point out what I conceive to be reasons for failure, and also to offer some suggestions that, if adopted, will, I believe, greatly minimise, if not remove, certain evils.
With great effort I held his eyelids open with my fingers and dropped in the eye medicine.
With great effort he climbed up the tree.
With great effort she managed to fold one more.
With great pleasure!
With great pleasure, my friend.
With great power comes great responsibility.
With great time pressure, Ding Liren (Black) made inaccuracies that led him to abandon the seventh game for the FIDE World Chess Championship 2023 on the 37th move. Now (04.18.2023), Nepomniachtchi 4, Liren 3.
With great wisdom, studying hard, thinking too much, trying to understand everything and everyone, a man, after about forty years of life, can learn to be silent.
With groundwater levels dropping due to overuse, drought and climate change, the challenge to get enough water daily was becoming harder.
With gushing tears I bid the pair farewell. / "Live happy ye, whose destinies are o'er; / we still must wander where the Fates compel."
With half an hour on this treadmill you'll work up a pretty good sweat.
With half an hour on this treadmill you’ll work up a pretty good sweat.
With half the money from the sale of his previous company, the entrepreneur co-founded an electronic money transfer service, which has become essential for people buying or selling products on the Internet.
With hands like these, I should have become a surgeon.
With hands like these, I should've become a surgeon.
With hands outstretched, they sued for peace.
With hard work, Ziri passed the exam.
With hard work, determination, patriotism, and a little thriftiness, I believe that our country can survive the current challenges we face.
With hard work, your plans will succeed.
With heads respectfully bowed, they carried the coffin up the steps and into the small chapel.
With her extravagant tastes, she was incapable of making ends meet.
With her foot she smoothed a wrinkle in the throw rug.
With her green eye shadow and rabbit fur coat, Mary was cliche.
With her heart pounding, she opened the door.
With her help, my French improved little by little.
With her husband’s money she had bought a gold-nibbed fountain-pen for Leslie, and had paid for copies of a photograph of herself.
With her injury, this giraffe can't afford to confront four adult lions.
With her life insurance policy, Layla was worth more dead than alive.
With her overtime leave, she could finally catch up on her personal errands.
With her perfect figure and elegant dress she was, indeed, a strange apparition upon a lonely moorland path.
With her platforms on, Mary was a head taller than Tom.
With her pure voice, Kate shined outstandingly on the stage of a musical.
With her sights set on becoming a psychiatric social worker, her University studies are particularly interested in the integration of mentally disabled persons.
With her small income she is having difficulties getting by.
With her small income she is having trouble making ends meet.
With her stepdaughter, Skura found an outlet to her rage.
With her stomach full of milk, the baby fell asleep.
With her stories from her childhood, she can be a real wet blanket.
With her unusually lively gestures, she pulled our attention to her.
With her warm, welcoming demeanor, Dorottya's effortlessly connects with people from all walks of life.
With her, it goes in one ear and out the other.
With high-precision performances from both players, the eleventh match of the FIDE World Chess Championship 2023 ended in a draw. Now (April 24): Nepo 6, Ding Liren 5. Three more draws will be enough for the Russian to reach the tally (7.5) which will give him the title of World Champion.
With him by my side everything is much easier.
With him gone, Mary therefore remained alone in this sentence.
With him gone, Mary was left alone in this sentence.
With him there was his son, a young squire, a lover and a lusty bachelor, with locks curled as if they had been laid in a press.
With him, Achilles' charioteer and squire, / Automedon, huge Periphas and all / the Scyrian youth rush up, and flaming fire / hurl to the roof, and thunder at the wall.
With him, it goes in one ear and out the other.
With him, the Carolingian dynasty was extinguished.
With him, you never know.
With his arms, he dances.
With his blue eyes, Michael was beautiful.
With his bright red hair, Carl really stands out in a crowd of people.
With his camera, Tom captured a tornado in action.
With his characteristic impudence, Tom denied everything.
With his colored clothes, his long wig and his white gloves, one could guess he has run away from some kind of Disneyland.
With his crew stranded at sea, Christopher Columbus was able to save them from starvation by pulling 100 rabbits out of his hat.
With his death, the oldest family in this village died out.
With his dog, Sami went absolutely everywhere.
With his enthusiasm and determination, he's an example to the rest of the team.
With his enthusiasm and determination, he’s an example to the rest of the team.
With his father's help, he would have succeeded in this task sooner.
With his father’s help, he would have succeeded in this task sooner.
With his fingertips, Rodrigo applied pressure to the pimple.
With his fist, he knocked out my teeth.
With his flashlight, Dmitri shined a beam of light into the dark forest.
With his goggles on and his pack strapped to him, the spunky young inventor tried out his prototype wings.
With his half-in-jest half-in-earnest air, we never know if René is speaking seriously or not.
With his head he dances.
With his income, he cannot afford the costly dinners.
With his interest in Justin Bieber, I just couldn't love him.
With his interest in Justin Bieber, I just couldn’t love him.
With his lace and embroideries, and his crown of blue ribbon and whalebone, he looked like the king of babies.
With his last breath, he told him he was adopted.
With his last breath, he told him that he was adopted.
With his last words, Lukas confessed to Rima that he loved her.
With his long, white, nervous fingers he adjusted the delicate needle and rolled back his left shirtcuff.
With his looks, Tom could probably have any woman he wanted.
With his mandate diminished following his party's losses in congressional elections, analysts say any promise or reassurance the president makes to Asian partners will be met with skepticism.
With his money, Yanni can live like a king in Algiers.
With his money, he can buy the whole neighborhood.
With his mother out of the way, Duke was able to proceed with his plan to embezzle the money from the company.
With his mother very sick and a tight deadline at work, Tom has a lot on his plate at the moment.
With his muscular constitution he passes for a judoist.
With his new job, he's taken on more responsibility.
With his new job, he’s taken on more responsibility.
With his poor coordination, Tom found it challenging to operate the machine properly.
With his reputation on the line, the judge tried to protect himself by committing murder.
With his scruff and his leather jacket, Tom looked like a rebel without a cause.
With his shoulder, he dances.
With his sleep-ridden brain, Tom thought desperately, but couldn't come up with any good ideas.
With his slight, tall figure, his sharp features, thoughtful face, and curling hair prematurely tinged with grey, he seemed to represent that not too common type, a nobleman who is in truth noble.
With his support, she might have been elected mayor.
With his sweet showers, April has pierced the drought of March to the root and bathed every vine in the sort of liquid by which flowers are conceived.
With his terrible makeup, Yanni looked like he was in the middle of a bad sex change.
With his wife and children in the country, he was at loose ends for something to do.
With his wife dead, Dan stood to inherit half a million dollars.
With his wife out of the picture, Sami had the freedom to explore his relationship with Layla even further.
With hope, each of us can live with peace, faith and love.
With horse racing and such, these are called "stakes". For this meaning the plural form is often used.
With humor, he could cover his sadness.
With humor, he could mask his sadness.
With hunger and fatigue, the dog died at last.
With improper use, he damaged the machine.
With international climate talks under way in Bali, Indonesia, [12/3-14] the non-profit Pew Center on Global Climate Change released a report examining the impact climate change is having on different regions of the United States. The study argues that federal, state and local decision-makers must work both to mitigate global warming and to adapt to its consequences.
With it raining like this, we'll never be able to leave.
With it raining like this, we’ll never be able to leave.
With its beginnings dating back to the 1980s, GMO technology is relatively new.
With its culture of street restaurants, Istanbul is a city that loves to live outside.
With its distinctive Chinese features, the qipao enjoys growing popularity in the international world of high fashion.
With its many African residents, especially from Mali, Montreuil is sometimes called “Little Bamako.”
With its plush surroundings and detailed attention to guest service, the landmark five-star hotel was the preferred choice of visiting royalty, business people, landed aristocracy and film stars.
With its street’s emptied by a nationwide coronavirus lockdown, the scenic, seaside Welsh town of Llandudno has been taken over by a herd of mountain goats.
With its vast natural resources, Algeria could become one of the richest countries in the world.
With its young population, Algeria is definitely not an aged society.
With joy and shame, she blushed to her ears.
With joy from out the hollow wood they bound; / first, dire Ulysses, with his captains two, / Thessander bold and Sthenelus renowned, / down by a pendent rope come sliding to the ground. / Then Thoas comes; and Acamas, athirst / for blood; and Neoptolemus, the heir / of mighty Peleus; and Machaon first; / and Menelaus; and himself is there, / Epeus, framer of the fatal snare.
With just a little more effort, he would have succeeded.
With just one commercial, Nike has managed to provoke a lot of Japanese people.
With kind regards to you all.
With kiwis, we know a cross between banana and strawberry.
With knowledge, doubt grows.
With little children, I am completely impatient.
With little donor money coming in, relief workers can only do the barest minimum, such as teaching children songs and handwork.
With little hesitation, she slowly and softly closed the door of the house.
With little more than two months to go before the opening ceremony of the Tokyo Olympic Games, a major Japanese medical association is calling for the cancellation of the event due to the current surge of new COVID-19 infections.
With lofty aspirations, we long to feast on the flesh of the Hu invaders when hungry, and drink the blood of the Xiongnu enemies with laughter when thirsty. Awaiting the day when we can reclaim the lost lands, and present ourselves at the imperial court.
With luck like that, you must be cursed!
With many students chatting, it was difficult to hear what the professor had to say.
With many women, love always comes first.
With me everything is OK.
With me, it goes in one ear and out the other.
With me, that's quite another kind of craziness.
With me, you pay a high price for all the wrongdoings that you inflict on me.
With medication, the spread of the virus can be prevented.
With money comes power.
With money from the federal government, the city transformed the existing grassy areas between the sidewalk and street into a natural storm water drainage system, and landscaped them with native plants, flowers, and shrubs.
With money you can do everything.
With money, everything goes.
With more courage, I might have proposed to Mary.
With more education, he would have found a better job.
With more than 150 ideas, innovations, technologies and artifacts, the exhibit invites visitors to think about the kind of future in which they want to live.
With more than one million international students enrolled in colleges and universities across the United States, sparks are bound to fly.
With more than two million e-mails sent every second, someone, somewhere, is sending an e-mail as we speak.
With most of the arts, if you don't get the basics down properly then it is difficult to acquire further skills.
With most of the arts, if you don’t get the basics down properly then it is difficult to acquire further skills.
With most things there's both what you see and what's behind it.
With most things there’s both what you see and what’s behind it.
With much fanfare billionaire entrepreneur Richard Branson tested a Boeing 747 jumbo jet's ability to fly with biofuel powering its massive engines.
With much of the trees burned and gone, Lori Hornback said she has quite a view of the ridge and valley around her from the upstairs porch of her new home.
With my dictionary I can translate anything!
With my glasses I can see well both near and far.
With my heart now pure, I challenge love.
With my limited English proficiency, I'm not able to translate this adequately. So I hope someone will agree to translate this.
With my new role, I no longer work in front of a screen.
With my staff, I passed over this Jordan; and now I return with two companies. Deliver me from the hand of my brother Esau, for I am greatly afraid of him; lest perhaps he come and kill the mother with the children.
With my stutter, I know what I want to say, but I just can't get it out right.
With narrowed eyes, he followed his footsteps.
With nary a single Michelin star to its name, and an exterior facade befitting a local hardware store, Chef Ian Boden's "The Shack" is nonetheless packed with customers, some of whom drove hours to get there.
With nary a word to Tom, Mary ran away with their twins.
With no other usual authorized interaction, it was a good opportunity to commingle with the girls.
With no preliminaries the male flew to the female and lit on her back to copulate.
With no regard for the consequences.
With no supply of water from trees, rainfalls diminish in time and the area keeps drying up.
With no utensils in sight, she resorts to scooping it up (and scarfing it down) directly from the pot with hunks of bread.
With no work, I can't save any money.
With no work, I can’t save any money.
With nothing left, there is nothing more.
With oil around one hundred dollars a barrel, this may be a good time for a short history of petroleum.
With one accord the audience stood up and applauded.
With one blow of the axe, he killed the calf, and with the second split its brain.
With one dose of vaccine, about 95 percent of children will become protected against measles.
With one glorious right hook, Punkin' Pie uncrowned the reigning heavyweight champion.
With one glorious right hook, Punkin’ Pie uncrowned the reigning heavyweight champion.
With one swift kick, the door busted down!
With one wing it skims the water, with the other it caresses the sky; its talons plow the sea, its beak strikes the rocks.
With online video conferencing, Jason Smith has been able to play online board games with friends, host virtual watch parties of a favorite TV show and even have virtual dinners.
With only a minute to go before full-time and his team trailing by two goals, Tom hoofed the ball towards the opposition penalty area.
With only a notebook and a pen, he made his loneliness his best friend.
With only a single drop of poison, the well-known fighter was defeated.
With only that much pension I'm concerned about life in retirement.
With only that much pension I’m concerned about life in retirement.
With open arms and a willing heart, I'm here for whatever you need.
With or without butter?
With or without religion, good people can behave well and bad people can do evil; but for good people to do evil - that takes religion.
With or without sugar?
With or without the UN, this isn't our war.
With oral language there isn't only one language and one can't proofread.
With osteoporosis, there isn't much calcium in the bones.
With our eyes we see, we look, we observe, and we read.
With our lesson plan you can learn at your own pace.
With our love, we could save the world.
With our technology, we can terraform Mars.
With our thoughts, we create the world.
With patience one picks roses.
With patience, you can even bore through flint.
With peace comes prosperity.
With perseverance, even the snails boarded the ark.
With phonetic languages, each letter has a single corresponding sound: spelling matches the pronunciation.
With phonetic languages, you can hear a word and know how to spell it: one sound one letter!
With phonetic languages, you can look at a written word and know how to pronounce it: read as it is written!
With pitiful clothing and a handful of bills with him, an old man asked with quavering voice whether he could pay his bills here.
With pleasure!
With pleasure, my dear.
With pleasure.
With practice, even girls can pee standing up.
With prices so high, I will do without a new suit this year.
With problems, Tom always turned to his father.
With proper help and support, Ziri can overcome his problems.
With pure logic you can prove the biggest nonsense.
With reference to the invoice No.56789 which was due last month, we have not yet received your remittance.
With reference to your request, I will support.
With regard to big inventions, chance has played a very small part.
With regard to music, he is one of the most famous critics.
With regard to our appointment on February 27, I regret to inform you that I will not be able to keep it because my business trip schedule has been changed.
With regard to scam email, please be careful.
With regard to scam email, please be cautious.
With regard to some things, we're doing better, but with regard to others, without a doubt, we're doing worse than in the past.
With regard to the matter in question, I will write to you in detail later.
With regard to the membership fee, you must ask the treasurer of the club.
With regard to the problem, they have another opinion.
With regard to the style this car is best.
With regard to your letter of July 22nd, I enclose our most recent catalogue.
With regards to culture, you could say they're like barbarians.
With regards to culture, you could say they’re like barbarians.
With regards to music, he is one of the most famous critics.
With regards.
With relatives like him, who needs enemies?
With respect to financial matters, Mr Jones knows more than anyone else in the company.
With respect to financial matters, Mr. Jones knows more than anyone else in the company.
With respect to native speakers, what are the three most widely spoken languages in the world?
With respect to pronunciation, he was the best of all the students.
With respect to quality wine, no country can equal France.
With respect to that, I agree with you.
With respect to the aforementioned, I must stress that I've had nothing to do with that issue.
With respect to the sources of the Nile, no man of all the Egyptians, Libyans, or Greeks with whom I have conversed, ever pretended to know any thing; except the registrar of Minerva's treasury at Sais in Egypt. But even he seemed to be trifling with me, when he said he knew perfectly well.
With respect to these documents, I think the best thing is to destroy them.
With respect to these letters, I think the best thing is to burn them.
With respect to this question, there are three opinions.
With respect to this question, there are three problems.
With restrictions removed, thousands of new enterprises have come into being.
With rising demand for nutrient-rich pomegranate juice in wealthy nations, U.S. and Afghan officials are trying to connect foreign businesses with local growers.
With roughly 100 billion planets in our galaxy, 100 billion galaxies in the universe, and trillions of years ahead, planet studies in the universe have vast possibilities across both space and time.
With rows of flaring torches to light it up, and the colour and rude hilarity of an old-time banquet, the dining room might have softened; but now, when two black-clothed gentlemen sat in the little circle of light thrown by a shaded lamp, one’s voice became hushed and one’s spirit subdued.
With schools closing early this year because of COVID-19, “22 million kids that relied on getting breakfast and lunch at school now have a gap we need to fill,” said Lisa Davis, senior vice president of the No Kid Hungry campaign.
With shops, hairdressers and other places opening again across Europe, business owners are working overtime to ensure they will make up the lost income after two months of closure.
With simple gestures, she always found ways to show him her love.
With skill and perseverance you can achieve any goal.
With small children, there's a risk of drowning even with water as low as 5 centimeters deep.
With so many dining choices in New York City, keeping up with the trendiest restaurants can seem next to impossible even for a dedicated gourmand.
With so many good English sentences already in the database, I really wish you would consider translating them into Russian, rather than polluting our database with bad English sentences, in other words, posting shit.
With so many people absent this week, we weren't able to complete the project.
With so many people absent this week, we weren’t able to complete the project.
With so many people around he naturally became a bit nervous.
With so many people on the planet, we can't all have 100 acres.
With so many unemployed, many can't pay their mortgages.
With so much contradictory information, one no longer knows what type of oils should be used for cooking.
With so much damage to the wing, the pilot can't control the plane.
With so much noise I couldn't sleep last night.
With so much noise I couldn’t sleep last night.
With social media it's possible to find out a lot of information about someone before meeting them.
With some books, the more I read them, the less I understand them.
With some dishes, if you don't preheat the oven, your dish won't turn out right.
With some foreboding, we entered the petrified forest.
With some luck, it will take him one day less to return to Algiers.
With some minor reinforcements, this structure will be able to withstand against anything.
With some people, every interaction is an adventure.
With some sentences, I know how to translate them to some languages, but not to others.
With sorrow, Ziri told Rima his story.
With sparse exceptions, drug trafficking gangs tend to align politically with the right.
With stock indexes soaring in recent weeks to all-time highs, some experts concluded the country's households had recouped nearly all of the lost wealth.
With stones and sticks the villagers soon put the Methymnaeans to flight, and did not desist from the pursuit, till they had driven them from that part of the island.
With stories like these, the Jaipur Literature Festival nurtures the worldwide love of books and a deeper understanding of the human experience.
With striking blue eyes and flawless fair skin, Jamin stands out in any crowd.
With substantial and sustained reductions in greenhouse gas emissions, the increase in global annual average temperature relative to preindustrial times could be limited to less than 3.6°F (2°C).
With such a vivid imagination he'll become either a world-famous novelist or a lunatic.
With such a vivid imagination he’ll become either a world-famous novelist or a lunatic.
With such friends, one needs no enemies.
With such friends, who needs enemies?!
With such little benefit gained, this is a habit it would be best for me to curb. I could be doing more productive things with my precious time.
With such parents, it's better to be an orphan.
With such scenes of calm sublimity the human heart sympathises even in its most disturbed moods, and deeds of honour and virtue are inspired by their majestic influence.
With such scenes of calm sublimity the human heart sympathises even in its most disturbed moods.
With such short lead time, I doubt we would be able to manufacture anything by the deadline.
With such words as these day by day, both the woman was importunate with the young man, and he refused the adultery.
With synthesis, you have to be objective.
With teaching and studying all of my time is taken up.
With teaching and studying my time is taken up.
With teaching and studying, my time is taken up.
With tearful eyes, Paul told Rima that they were all going to die.
With tears in his eyes, Flavio asked about Rima.
With tears pouring out of James's eyes, he said that Amanda died.
With tenacity like that, you can learn any language.
With text we mean any communicative situation of significant length.
With that act you could join the circus!
With that as a start many European poems and much literature came to be introduced.
With that attitude, you will alienate all of your potential allies.
With that attitude, you'll never be happy no matter how much money you have.
With that being said, I know it's the only drink that lifts our spirits a little.
With that big nose, he finishes the air around.
With that big salary you're getting I guess you've saved up quite a lot.
With that exception, all has gone as I expected.
With that final scene, the screen blacked out.
With that noise, Ziri and Rima stopped arguing.
With that one, your ankle isn't showing.
With that performance, you have surpassed yourself. Congratulations!
With that sort of attitude you'll never get past the honourable-mention prizes.
With that sort of attitude you’ll never get past the honourable-mention prizes.
With that, Michael stormed off angrily.
With that, Michael walked away.
With that, Ziri stormed off angrily.
With that, Ziri stormed off.
With that, Ziri walked away.
With that, Ziri walked off.
With that, Ziri walked out.
With that, she cut the conversation short. Arrowood had a class to attend.
With that, we're closing the matter.
With that, you make our situation even worse.
With the Android version of Tatoeba, we'll be able to translate Flaubert while making love, opening the path to so far unexplored levels of pleasure.
With the Android version of Tatoeba, we’ll be able to translate Flaubert while making love, opening the path to so far unexplored levels of pleasure.
With the DELE, I have more opportunities of work.
With the Dragon positioned about nine meters from the station, Commander Alexander Gerst locked the lab's robot arm onto the cargo ship one-and-a-half hours later than planned.
With the President dead now, the new policies will have to await government approval.
With the T.V. on, how can you keep your mind on your studies?
With the Vietnam War escalating and the Cold War dividing the planet, the late Gene Roddenberry gave TV audiences a glimpse into a positive future: a united planet sending the multicultural crew of the Starship Enterprise on a mission '...to seek out new worlds and civilizations.'
With the abolition of African slavery in 1863, workers were brought in from India and Java.
With the advent of Algeria’s independence in 1962, the Kabyle language was denied acknowledgement, repressed and banned.
With the advent of LED technology, arc lamps such as gas-discharge lamps are becoming less common in general lighting applications.
With the air of a weary child she laid her head against the cushions again, face to him, and watched him through lowered lashes, unsmiling.
With the appearance of a promising new writer, the aging novelist fell from prominence.
With the approach of Christmas, business improved somewhat.
With the arrival of spring, the grass comes to life.
With the arrival of spring, the plant world returns to life.
With the arrival of the tourists, the Tuareg camp stirred to life.
With the arrival of winter, leaves fall from the trees.
With the arrival of winter, the leaves on the trees fall down.
With the benefit of hindsight, we can see things which should have been done differently, or not at all.
With the birth of the twins, our house is getting fuller.
With the blessing of my family's understanding, I was able to achieve my dream.
With the breakup of Yugoslavia, an armed conflict ensued.
With the breath of a sigh, the boys broke up.
With the bridge destroyed, there was nothing to do but swim.
With the brow of a philosopher above and the jaw of a sensualist below, the man must have started with great capacities for good or for evil.
With the car stolen, there was nothing for it but to walk.
With the children’s playroom already busy elsewhere in the Khora center, language lessons, soap-making and self-defense classes are planned for later in the day, while work continues to complete the dentist facilities on the fourth floor.
With the closure of the bridge, it will take a lot longer to get to the airport.
With the cold comes a danger as old as man’s knowledge of fire — death or injury by carbon monoxide poisoning.
With the colour key program system, all colours are divided into two palettes, the "cool palette" and the "warm palette".
With the coming of spring, everything is gradually coming to life again.
With the coming of winter, days are getting shorter.
With the completion of the housepainting, harmony is restored to the household.
With the complications that have arisen we can't continue.
With the conception that the Revolution was only a means of securing political power, it was inevitable that all revolutionary values should be subordinated to the needs of the Socialist State; indeed, exploited to further the security of the newly acquired governmental power.
With the coronavirus emergency deepening in Europe, Italy risks falling back into recession as foreign tourists are spooked and the global market shrinks for prized artisanal products.
With the coronavirus pandemic easing in the U.S., experts say an unprecedented number of people are choosing to quit their jobs.
With the creation of a city area that's more like a town, with plenty of greenery and community buildings, living in the city will soon mean simpler, stress-free lifestyles for the 20,000 that are expected to live, work and play in Edinburgh's Waterfront.
With the creation of a city area that’s more like a town, with plenty of greenery and community buildings, living in the city will soon mean simpler, stress-free lifestyles for the 20,000 that are expected to live, work and play in Edinburgh’s Waterfront.
With the current economic crisis, it's hard for Algerian businesses to get access to credit.
With the current economic crisis, many Algerians are struggling to survive.
With the departure of the faithful and devoted servant, the last human face that was a witness to her past, the last support she had left after the disappearance of everything that had previously served as her shelter, help and support, was gone from her.
With the destructive power of today's weapons, keeping the peace is not just a goal; it's a sacred obligation.
With the deteriorating ethos, even seemingly trivial matters have caused a further degeneration of the situation.
With the development of networks a huge and unprecedented volume of messages flies around the world.
With the development of supersonic jet planes, the world is becoming smaller and smaller.
With the election over and former vice president Joe Biden projected as the winner, President Donald Trump faces an uphill battle in his push to overturn the results with scant evidence of fraudulent voting or improper vote counting.
With the emergence of manned space flight in the 1960s, Earth-orbiting cosmonauts and astronauts acted much like tourists by taking photos from the windows of their spacecraft.
With the exception of Barack Obama, all US presidents have been white.
With the exception of Jim, everybody came.
With the exception of Mike, everyone was at the party.
With the exception of Tom, everyone attended.
With the exception of Tom, everyone was wearing a hat.
With the exception of Tom, nobody else came to the party.
With the exception of Udo, everyone was at school.
With the exception of him, nobody else came to the party.
With the exception of this point, things are not so simple.
With the exception of virtue, nothing is more excellent than friendship.
With the exceptions of the polar regions, salty ocean water rarely freezes.
With the expiration of a 70-year copyright hinged on the 1945 suicide death of the anti-Semitic ruler, the manuscript enters the public domain, and plans to publish an annotated version of the two-volume work in German have sparked public controversy.
With the extra rehearsals, work is really tight.
With the eyes, we see; with the ears, we hear; with the skin, we touch; with the nose, we smell; and with the tongue, we taste.
With the face mask culture ingrained into Asian culture, not much has changed in Asia other than a visible increase of people wearing face masks in public because of COVID-19.
With the federal government partially shut down amid vociferous debate in Congress over the health care reform law, President Barack Obama said Republicans are holding Americans and the U.S. economy hostage for ideological reasons.
With the fever that you have you cannot go out of the house.
With the first election of a woman into the seat of Chancellorship, the word "Bundeskanzlerin," as a feminine noun for the title, was voted Word of the Year in 2005 by the Academy of German Language.
With the first election of a woman into the seat of chancellor, the feminine complement of the word, "chanceliÃ¨re," was chosen as the Word of the Year in 2005 by the Academy of German Language.
With the first election of a woman into the seat of chancellor, the feminine complement of the word, "chancelière," was chosen as the Word of the Year in 2005 by the Academy of German Language.
With the gas prices the way they are now, many people have started commuting by bus.
With the global vaccine supply exceeding distribution capacity, the Biden administration is acknowledging a need to adjust its pandemic response strategy to address hurdles faced by lower-income countries to vaccinate their citizens.
With the grace of a hummingbird she placed herself on the corner of the writing desk.
With the hair of a woman, you can tie up a big elephant.
With the heirless king going crazy and royal family poisoned, the general of the army finally had his chance to usurp the throne.
With the help of Carlitos, we were able to get out of that bind.
With the help of a reference grammar of the Georgian language, Tom was eventually able to puzzle out even the few non-international traffic signs outside the two cities of Tbilisi and Kutaisi.
With the help of an infrared distance-measuring device, some electronic circuits, and a mechanical actuator that adjusts the lens' rear membrane, the process takes only 14 milliseconds.
With the help of computers, a group of Austrian mathematicians was able to calculate the least amount of trees needed to make a forest.
With the help of doctors, she got over her illness.
With the help of earphones, amplifiers, and hearing aids, some youngsters can hear the music.
With the help of loanwords and Esperanto word elements you can create many new words which may not exist in the source language.
With the help of modern technology, this California-based company has given new life to the concept of the opposed-piston engine, mostly abandoned after the second World War.
With the help of my friends I learn a whole bunch of new and interesting things.
With the help of the doctors, she recovered.
With the help of these social gatherings, the group seeks to promote a sense of community.
With the help of this book, you will be able to make good progress.
With the hundreds of cars parked in this building, how are we supposed to find the suspect's car?
With the ill will of these referees, my team can never win a match.
With the immigration of Mexicans to the United States, today there are also small communities of Nahuatl speakers in California, Arizona, New Mexico, Texas, and New York.
With the increase in the number of cars, the atmosphere will get worse and worse.
With the increase of cars, the air pollution has gotten worse.
With the internet we can access all kinds of information and stay in touch with people who are thousands of kilometres away.
With the introduction in Romania of Valentine's Day, now we have two celebrations of love, on February 14th and 24th.
With the invaluable assistance of that devoted connoisseur, the late Dr. Thies, I went through the Gray collection at Cambridge, enjoying it like a picture-gallery.
With the job finished, they celebrated.
With the lack of men in my life, I'm considering turning lesbian.
With the light out, all women are equal.
With the magnets mounted on their heads, they were unable to find their way home.
With the money Jack won from his lawsuit, he should be able to live on easy street.
With the money Mr Johnson had saved, he would be able to live high on the hog when he retired.
With the money he had left, he purchased 80 camels.
With the money he was able to buy a new car.
With the money, he could buy a new car.
With the mop I remove all the stains and prescribed sins.
With the new cars and light trucks added to the global fleet, the world is nearing a milestone — one billion vehicles on the roads. Most are petroleum-fueled internal combustion engines, whose emissions cause environmental problems like air pollution and contribute to global warming.
With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts.
With the new law on pensions, I'm not close to reaching mine.
With the new project, I might have a very busy week.
With the new system, there will be greater progress in learning.
With the night falling, they returned.
With the only difference being that I am a man.
With the passage of time, Tom felt less bitter about the situation.
With the passing of time, his respect for him became love.
With the past, I have nothing to do; nor with the future. I live now.
With the police in foot pursuit, Tom ran through the decrepit fence and vaulted over a small car.
With the power of imagination, we can even travel through space.
With the power of soul anything is possible.
With the price of helium these days, I'm curious how much they paid for all of these balloons.
With the proud support of his Byelorussian parents, he toured the world.
With the rain and wind, it was hard for Kalman to hear what Olivia was telling him.
With the rain having stopped, the game began again.
With the rain, the rivers grow.
With the release of Skype, studying languages has become easier.
With the rise of Puritanism the very existence of Christmas was threatened.
With the rise of the middle class in the 19th and early 20th centuries private individuals joined the nobility in a quest for ancient treasures.
With the roach trapped, Anna slid the cardboard underneath the jar.
With the screen wide, it reads better.
With the site being uninhabited, many areas were only accessible via canoe or by cutting paths through the jungle with machetes.
With the state subsidy, I am able to afford housing, food, healthcare, and other essential needs.
With the stress of the pandemic, more people suddenly wanted a pet to snuggle and to have as company to prevent loneliness during quarantine, Kurt Krukenberg, president of the Humane Society Silicon Valley in San Jose, California, told VOA.
With the subjunctive past all the 'be' verbs become 'were', OK?
With the subjunctive past all the ’be’ verbs become ’were’, OK?
With the summer setting in and the weekend approaching, authorities fear parties may spread even further.
With the sun shining bright, we should go for a swim.
With the theft of their life savings, they were forced to refinance their mortgage-free home to pay for their prescription drugs. The couple has given up driving their car and instead ride the bus to save money.
With the toilet queue getting too long, do you think we'll make it back in time for the curtain?
With the token they could only go to the company shop and buy food or clothing from that shop.
With the touch of a magic wand, the crow's feet next to her eyes instantly smoothed out.
With the travel voucher, trips are cheaper and I can make free transfers.
With the two moons above in the night sky, the sea glimmered with bioluminescence.
With the water so cold, we decided not to swim.
With the way my luck has be running, it’ll probably rain tomorrow.
With the way my luck has been running, it'll probably rain tomorrow.
With the weather getting worse, the departure was put off.
With the weather improving, players began running on the sports ground.
With the wig on, he looked like a woman.
With the wig, the mustache and the glasses, nobody recognizes me.
With the window broken, we could not keep the room warm.
With the window open, I can hear everything.
With the winter pressure pattern continuing into tomorrow, it seems it'll become as cold as midwinter.
With the world turning circles running round my brain.
With the years, a fool doesn't become cleverer, but becomes an old fool.
With their boldly coloured liveries, the trains that roll into Zurich Central Station are clean and, above all, on time.
With their cooperation, the mission had been successfully finished.
With their employer dead, the mercenaries soon turned into bandits.
With their fur coats tinged full of glistening silver and their shadows imbued with cobalt, the two foxes returned back to the forest under the moonlit night.
With their heads bowed and wearing orange robes, the members of the boys soccer team rescued from almost three weeks trapped in a cave in northern Thailand on Saturday completed their time as novice Buddhist monks.
With their knights attacking and creating threats in the opponent's field, the army in white uniform won the victory.
With their serrated snouts, these predatory fish are one of the ocean’s most unusual and endangered animals.
With their white head and 6.5–8 foot wingspan, bald eagles are unmistakeable.
With them the dirt is scrubbed from the skin.
With them, it's impossible!
With them, nothing works!
With them, there's no hope!
With these eyes, I shall see mountains burn.
With these grades you can continue on to college.
With these headphones, I can't hear anything.
With these lessons, we will lay the foundation of algebra.
With these new boots of mine, I hope to knock them dead.
With these orders, he left for India right away.
With these stupid attitudes, Maria doesn't do more than proving her own arrogance.
With these stupid attitudes, Maria only proves her own arrogance.
With these we will fight.
With these words he laid the apple in Chloe's lap, and she, when he drew near to her, gave him a kiss; so that Daphnis did not repent of having climbed so high; for the kiss that he received was to his mind worth even more than the golden apples of the Hesperides.
With these words he sprang like a young nightingale among the myrtles, and climbing from bough to bough ascended through the foliage to the summit of a tree. I observed wings upon his shoulders, and between them a bow and arrows, but to my great astonishment, a moment afterwards I could see neither him nor them.
With these words, he turned towards the door.
With these words, he went away.
With these words, she ended the consultation.
With this I close the discussion.
With this I will also be free.
With this add-on, your computer has been converted into a gaming PC.
With this as background I turn now to an account of the present state of evolutionary biology.
With this bomb we have now added a new and revolutionary increase in destruction to supplement the growing power of our armed forces. In their present form these bombs are now in production and even more powerful forms are in development. It is an atomic bomb. It is a harnessing of the basic power of the universe. The force from which the sun draws its power has been loosed against those who brought war to the Far East.
With this coach, we won't have a shot at winning the championship.
With this cool autumn wind blowing, we can feel the change of season.
With this director, things are bound to be dull.
With this disgusting arrogance of yours, nobody could work, nor even talk, with you.
With this distinction, a nation that dies for its independence considers that humanity resorted to every sacrifice required by its honor and dignity, and, of course, when compared to a numb, dishonorable nation that puts the chain of imprisonment around its neck, its place in the eyes of friends and enemies is very different.
With this faith, we will be able to hew out of the mountain of despair a stone of hope. With this faith, we will be able to transform the jangling discords of our nation into a beautiful symphony of brotherhood. With this faith, we will be able to work together, to pray together, to struggle together, to go to jail together, to stand up for freedom together, knowing that we will be free one day.
With this grade, I can't get into college.
With this his spirit will be consoled.
With this horse, he won't get very far anyways.
With this jacket you will not freeze.
With this kind of friends he doesn't need enemies.
With this kind of friends she doesn't need enemies.
With this kind of friends you don't need enemies.
With this kind of money, John doesn't need to go to Morocco at all.
With this little money, I can't even support my family.
With this module you can make the Enter key generate an event.
With this much money, I could buy a very decent used car.
With this nice weather, I feel like taking a walk.
With this noise, I couldn't sleep a wink.
With this noise, I couldn’t sleep a wink.
With this one exception, it is quite wrong to suppose that a simple culture will also have a simple language.
With this one, we have a hundred.
With this parchment that should be his buckler against any future need, Sir Oliver rode home, uplifted.
With this perfume, you're absolutely irresistible.
With this price, your product would not be competitive in the Japanese market.
With this she went out of the room.
With this strike we're sawing off the branch we're sitting on.
With this study, we’ve seen thousands and thousands of genes change how they are turned on and turned off. This happens as soon as an astronaut gets into space, and some of the activity persists temporarily upon return to Earth.
With this system a protection circuit has been built in.
With this talisman, you can ward off any and all evil spirits.
With this telescope stars and dreams can be seen.
With this telescope, stars and dreams can be seen.
With this telescope, you can see stars and you can see dreams.
With this terrible cold, I will not be able to go to the beach.
With this ticket, two people can enter for free.
With this train you'll go twice as fast.
With this train you’ll go twice as fast.
With this tutorial you will use the sample manga to become accustomed to the procedures for seeing the manga including download.
With this type of insurance, most policies don't come with a maturity refund.
With this type of insurance, most policies don’t come with a maturity refund.
With this type of paper, more things can be made at a lower cost.
With this upgrade, one obvious impact is that users will be obliged to reset their passwords.
With this vote, we righted a wrong.
With this white and brown pill, you'll understand everything about Buddhism.
With this you can make a clean sweep of leftover breakfast smells and such to make the air clean.
With this, Ziri walked away.
With this, the police has started investigating the case.
With this, today's activities come to a close.
With this, today’s activities come to a close.
With those exercises, his strength was consolidated.
With those results, you won't be able to go to university.
With those results, you won’t be able to go to university.
With those words he brought the meeting to an end.
With those words he took his hat and started off down the street.
With those words, Ziri left.
With those words, he walked out.
With time on our hands now, let's do some good.
With time on our hands now, let’s do some good.
With time, Sami's leg started to heal.
With time, all wounds heal.
With time, everything will become clear.
With time, he will learn to esteem it.
With time, his anger has deepened.
With time, his feelings of anger have strengthened.
With time, living nightmares become abstractions.
With time, people do forget what almost no one is left alive to tell.
With time, they grew wiser.
With tingling nerves, but a fixed purpose, I sat in the dark recess of the hut and waited with sombre patience for the coming of its tenant.
With today's technology, language barriers don't exist.
With trawling nets, underwater cameras and an onboard laboratory, researchers are taking a census of the various forms of life that thrive on the ocean floor and in waters as deep as 2,000 meters below the surface.
With treasures both old and new, the Phillips Collection is committed to fulfilling its founder’s vision of bold exploration, within a warm and intimate setting.
With treatment, Yanni's health improved so much so he started working again.
With trembling hands, Olivia handed out her purse to the robbers.
With trembling hands, Santiago sifted through the pictures.
With trembling hands, Tom tried to light the match.
With twice as many developers, we could finish the website in twice as much time!
With two goals during the first half, Barcelona beat Ceuta 2-0.
With two women, you lose your soul. With two houses, you lose your sanity.
With unrestricted visibility across the Antarctic plateau, “mild” temperatures and a wind softer than a cotton ball’s kiss, the first planes bearing passengers and fresh fruit arrived.
With us you’ll find everything you need.
With various talks the night poor Dido wore, / and drank deep love, and nursed her inward flame, / of Priam much she asks, of Hector more, / now in what arms Aurora's offspring came, / of Diomede's horses and Achilles' fame.
With verbs there are intransitive verbs that don't take an object, and transitive verbs that do take an object.
With verbs there are intransitive verbs that don’t take an object, and transitive verbs that do take an object.
With very simple steps it's possible to hinder the spread of the coronavirus.
With videogames, children no longer play board games.
With visions of a carefree life, millions of people are buying $2 Mega Million lottery tickets in the U.S. worth more than $1 billion if the buyer chooses the winning combination of numbers.
With warmer, drier conditions, the trees are more likely to become infected with insects.
With well-crafted questions, the police made the criminal talk.
With what did you marinate the rollmops?
With what frequency do you read your Bible?
With what purpose?
With what raiment he came in, with the like let him go out: if having a wife, his wife also shall go out with him.
With which Parthian shot he walked away, leaving the two rivals open-mouthed behind him.
With which things do you want to swap?
With whom am I speaking?
With whom are you eating dinner?
With whom are you eating lunch?
With whom are you eating?
With whom are you going to the cinema?
With whom are you speaking?
With whom are you spending Christmas?
With whom are you talking?
With whom did Tom go to the cinema?
With whom did he speak?
With whom did he talk?
With whom did my father speak?
With whom did she speak?
With whom did they speak?
With whom did you go to the beach?
With whom did you go?
With whom did you leave your kids?
With whom did you see the movie "The Thing"?
With whom did you share your shop?
With whom did you speak?
With whom did you talk?
With whom do I have the honor of speaking?
With whom do I have the honor?
With whom do I have the pleasure of speaking?
With whom do you live?
With whom do you talk?
With whom do you wish to speak?
With whom does José work?
With whom had they spoken?
With whom had you spoken?
With whom have you just spoken?
With whom is Tom walking?
With whom is the appointment?
With whom were you speaking?
With whomsoever of thy servants shall be found that which thou seekest, let him die, and we will be the bondmen of my lord.
With winter coming on, it's time to buy warm clothes.
With winter coming on, it’s time to buy warm clothes.
With winter coming on, the mountains will soon be covered with snow.
With winter coming on, they have to buy a lot of fuel.
With wisdom comes great responsibility.
With women there are two possibilities: either the woman is an angel, or she is still alive.
With words we express what we want to say.
With words, people can bring each other the greatest happiness or the greatest despair.
With work, we can expand our markets.
With yesterday's stale bread, my mother would make slices and fry them in olive oil to make us some delicious picatostes. Then, we'd spread chocolate on them or dunk them right in our cups.
With you I will suffer whatever we must.
With you by my side, I feel complete and deeply loved.
With you by my side, I'm confident that we can achieve our dreams and aspirations.
With you by my side, challenges become easier to face.
With you by my side, everything is okay now.
With you everything started to make sense.
With you here beside me I'm not afraid of anything. You're my fortress.
With you here beside me I’m not afraid of anything. You’re my fortress.
With you it's summer all year round.
With you it’s summer all year round.
With you, I always have fun.
With you, I feel I can conquer the world.
With you, I feel at home; I can’t lose that sense of belonging.
With you, it goes in one ear and out the other.
With you, it's not possible to agree on anything.
With you, the whole year is summer.
With your ability it should be a doddle, but please don't get too big for your boots: apply yourself diligently like everyone in your class.
With your ability it should be a doddle, but please don’t be prideful of that but first apply yourself dilligently with everyone in your class.
With your approval, I would like to offer him the job.
With your children away, you must have a lot of free time.
With your connections, you should be able to find a job for Tom.
With your connections, you should be able to find a job for him.
With your experience, any company would hire you right away.
With your gesture, you touched my heart.
With your help, I could succeed.
With your help, our plan would succeed.
With your help, we should be able to do that.
With your help, we'll catch Tom.
With your looks, you could probably have any man you want.
With your mother in the hospital, you'll have to work harder.
With your mother in the hospital, you’ll have to work harder.
With your permission, I would like to leave the meeting to go pick up my daughter at school.
With your permission.
With your propaganda, I can tell you think everybody's opinion matters.
With your propaganda, I can tell you think this world isn't just a speck of dust.
With your skills, I'm sure it wouldn't be too hard to find another job.
With your skills, I’m sure it wouldn’t be too hard to find another job.
With your talent, you should be able to make a lot of money.
Withdraw your remarks!
Withhold not good from them to whom it is due, when it is in the power of thine hand to do it.
Withholding medical care is torture.
Within 24 hours of Italy announcing that from next month entry to sports stadiums, museums, cinemas, swimming pools and gyms will only be permitted for people who’ve been inoculated, appointments for vaccinations soared in some regions by 200%.
Within 30 seconds they had graffitied a message on the gallery wall and glued themselves to the heavy gilt frames encasing two masterpieces.
Within 48 hours, the first batch of Fauci doughnuts went viral on social media.
Within a couple of days we went from summer to fall.
Within a couple of minutes, she had eaten up all the bread and cheese.
Within a couple, there are obligations and rights.
Within a few minutes, Tatoeba went from having no sentence containing the word “MILF” to more than a dozen.
Within a few minutes, Tom had eaten up all the food on the table.
Within a few minutes, he had eaten up all the food on the table.
Within a few months, Fadil controlled every aspect of Layla's life.
Within a few months, Sami controlled every aspect of Layla's life.
Within a few years of his death, the castle and observatory he built on his beloved island Hven were destroyed.
Within a grove Andromache that day, / where Simois in fancy flowed again, / her offerings chanced at Hector's grave to pay, / a turf-built cenotaph, with altars twain, / source of her tears and sacred to the slain – / and called his shade.
Within a marriage, communication is crucial.
Within a month of going abroad, Tom became sick.
Within a month of going abroad, he became sick.
Within a very short period of time, Layla was pregnant.
Within a week, Fadil was dead.
Within a week, most of Europe was at war.
Within are fifty maidens, charged with care / to dress the food, and nurse the flames divine. / A hundred more, and youths like-aged, prepare / to load the tables and arrange the wine.
Within as little as three years, automakers may be required to equip all new cars with the so-called ‘vehicle-to-vehicle’ communication devices.
Within days, German forces fanned out across Poland.
Within days, Japan captured the American island of Guam.
Within every man are thousands.
Within his marriage, he must keep his individuality and freedom of action.
Within hours, floral tributes began to pile up outside Buckingham Palace, the central London home of the royal family, and at Windsor Castle west of the capital, where Prince Philip passed away Friday.
Within hours, many of the other banks had to close.
Within hours, the world knew the news.
Within minutes after the take-off, the airplane was in trouble.
Within minutes, Igor was snoring.
Within minutes, the road was covered in snow.
Within national marine sanctuaries's protected waters, giant humpback whales breed and calve their young, temperate reefs flourish, and shipwrecks tell stories of our maritime history.
Within one day, they were in France.
Within one month of going abroad, he became sick.
Within one year, the stock market collapsed.
Within our Solar System, is it likely that only Earth has life?
Within seconds, Dan's life will change forever.
Within ten minutes, Ziri regretted his decision.
Within ten minutes, he had turned the kitchen upside down.
Within the French government, Nicolas Sarkozy is the interieur minister.
Within the city, the maximum speed allowed is 50 km/hour.
Within the draughty walls of Prince of Wales's Fort, Norton endeavoured to live in high style.
Within the framework of this project, your specifications are too complex.
Within the framework of this project, your specifications are too complicated.
Within the last 20 years for the first time, the total ecological impact has begun to exceed the total biological capacity of the earth, which is basically a definition of unsustainability, which means at some point, these resource-use levels and pollution levels are going to have to come down to a level that is sustainable.
Within the last six months, have you experienced a significant loss?
Within the last two weeks, have you had close contact with anyone with flu-like symptoms?
Within the palace, open to the day, / there stood a massive altar. Overhead, / with drooping boughs, a venerable bay / its shadowy foliage o'er the home-gods spread.
Within the past 14 days, have you been in close contact with someone who has tested positive for COVID-19?
Within the past 30 years, astronomers have developed the ability to view the universe in radio waves, gamma-rays, and all energies in between. This ability has allowed us to discover amazing events in our universe.
Within the rape crisis movement, Greensite's dissent is significant.
Within the rape crisis movement, Greesite’s dissent is significant.
Within the settlement, Tom was known as a professional schemer.
Within the thermosphere, temperatures rise continually to well beyond 1,000 degrees C.
Within the village, Tom was known as a con man.
Within three months, I will be able to read, write and speak.
Within two hours the sun had set.
Within two or three hours you will become a real donkey, just like the ones that pull the fruit carts to market.
Within two short years, he went from being a puny child to a tall young man.
Within two weeks he was playing complete songs and convinced his dad to buy him a chromatic harmonica — one with sharps and flats.
Without "ethical culture," there is no salvation for humanity.
Without Boldi, Martha would never have coped with that problem.
Without Chinese influences, Japanese culture would not be what it is today.
Without Esperanto, you feel a loss.
Without Indian YouTubers there wouldn't be software engineer graduates.
Without Latin, there would be no medicine.
Without Paul, Rima would have been a nobody.
Without TRANSLATIONS I would be limited to the borders of my country. The TRANSLATOR is my important ally. He introduces me to the WORLD.
Without Tom Brady, the Patriots are doomed. Change my mind.
Without Tom's advice, Mary would have failed.
Without Tom's advice, Mary would've failed.
Without Tom's help, I couldn't have done that.
Without Tom's help, I would have been unable to do that.
Without Tom's help, I would have failed.
Without Tom's help, I would've been unable to do that.
Without Tom's help, I would've failed.
Without Tom's help, I wouldn't have been able to do it.
Without Tom's help, I wouldn't have been able to do that.
Without Tom's help, I wouldn't have survived.
Without Tom's help, Mary couldn't have done that.
Without Tom's help, Mary would have been unable to do that.
Without Tom's help, Mary would have failed.
Without Tom's help, Mary would've been unable to do that.
Without Tom's help, Mary would've drowned.
Without Tom's help, Mary would've failed.
Without Tom's help, this wouldn't have been possible.
Without Tom's help, we couldn't have done that.
Without Tom's help, you would've failed.
Without Tom, I wouldn't be here today.
Without Tom, Mary would have no one to turn to.
Without Tom, Ziri may not be either.
Without Tom’s advice, Mary would have failed.
Without Tom’s help, Mary would have failed.
Without Ziri, Rima is done in Algiers.
Without a basic understanding of certain norms, communication is impossible.
Without a beard, you look younger.
Without a complete ban on the Internet, you will not be able to restrict access to anything on it.
Without a cowherd, the cows wandered in a field where wheat was growing.
Without a dictionary, it would be hard to study English.
Without a dictionary, it would probably be hard to study English.
Without a doubt he'll come.
Without a doubt the rodent best adapted to living in rivers and marshlands is the beaver.
Without a doubt!
Without a doubt! You are absolutely right.
Without a doubt, I too reacted badly.
Without a doubt, Tom is number one to us.
Without a doubt, Tom is the best!
Without a doubt, every generation feels like they're destined to rebuild the world. Nevertheless, mine knows that it won't rebuild it. But its role is probably greater; it involves preventing the world from destroying itself.
Without a doubt, he gets his name from his grandfather.
Without a doubt, he's an honest man.
Without a doubt, it's the best choice. Don't even think about it.
Without a doubt, that student is a prodigy.
Without a doubt, the subject is interesting.
Without a doubt, this is good news.
Without a doubt, yes.
Without a doubt, you're right.
Without a doubt, you're the best player on the team.
Without a doubt, yours is a special case.
Without a doubt.
Without a feasibility study, it makes no sense to even think about beginning the project.
Without a flashlight you won't be able to see anything.
Without a good benchmark, it's hard to tell which software is faster.
Without a good dictionary, you can't do anything.
Without a good education, how can you succeed?
Without a goodnight kiss I won't have sweet dreams.
Without a job, I cannot save a Penny.
Without a job, I cannot save a penny.
Without a knowledge of languages you feel as if you don't have a passport.
Without a moment's hesitation, Tom jumped into the pool to save Mary.
Without a moment's hesitation, he headed there.
Without a moment's hesitation, they took drastic action against the conspiracy.
Without a moment’s hesitation, they took drastic action against the conspiracy.
Without a passport, leaving a country is out of the question.
Without a past, there is no future.
Without a revolutionary theory there can be no revolutionary movement.
Without a shadow of a doubt.
Without a smart phone you can't pay the parking fee.
Without a strong navy, Britain doesn't have a future as a state.
Without a thought!
Without a trainer you will never learn to swim.
Without a wife, a man is worth nothing.
Without a window, a house is no good.
Without a word, he had disappeared into the welter of the noonday crowd.
Without a word, my brother ran out of the room.
Without a word, she accepted the banknote.
Without a word, she turned and went swiftly up the stairs, whilst I stood like an idiot gaping after her.
Without a word, the legionnaires started smashing things as Rima and her children were watching, terrified.
Without actually knowing what "phonetics" meant and probably not even knowing the alphabet, I was able to think to myself that "p" was a harder version of "b" as was "t" to "d", "k" to "g" and "s" to "z".
Without advice, you would have failed.
Without advice, you would've failed.
Without air and water, nothing could live.
Without air and water, we would not be able to live.
Without air conditioning, it's impossible to travel by car in the middle of August.
Without air there can be no wind or sound on the moon.
Without air, nothing could live.
Without air, one cannot live for 10 minutes.
Without air, we would die.
Without air, you'd die.
Without an ID, Sami can't find work.
Without an ID, Tom won't be able to find work.
Without an air conditioner, people nowadays cannot live.
Without an emulsifier to keep them from separating, oil and water always return to a heterogeneous mixture.
Without an enemy, courage dies down.
Without an order from the commander, no one must dare to bring hay, matting, straw, or other such flammable items onto the ship, under penalty of a fine, officers subject to deduction of a month's salary, and enlisted men to be punished by flogging at the mast.
Without anger and fondness.
Without animal testing in the early days of the human space program, the Soviet and American programs could have suffered great losses of human life.
Without any healthy coping mechanisms it is possible that a patient will begin to dissociate pathologically.
Without any reason, I became a victim of an assault while minding my own business.
Without art, the crudeness of reality would make the world unbearable.
Without asking questions, nobody learns anything.
Without asking questions, you learn nothing.
Without bad dictators, what would Orwell be writing about?
Without bail money, he's going to spend the night in jail.
Without bait, it'll be hard to catch any fish.
Without bedrock, Manhattan's skyscrapers would be unstable.
Without bee pollination, California's almond crop, for example, would be non-existent.
Without being hasty, it's important to move onwards step by step.
Without bolder action, our children won't have time to debate the existence of climate change. They'll be busy dealing with its effects: more environmental disasters, more economic disruptions, waves of climate refugees seeking sanctuary.
Without bread and wine, the love nest is cold.
Without camel's hump man would have not conquered the desert.
Without camels, life in the Sahara Desert would be practically impossible.
Without context, ambiguity is often inevitable.
Without context, that expression is ambiguous.
Without context, the art piece is disturbing.
Without context, this sentence doesn't reveal much.
Without delay, another door will open.
Without deviation from the norm, progress is not possible.
Without disasters there would be no heroes.
Without dissemination of the facts, conspiracy theories will abound.
Without doubt the three ice-cream flavours most popular are vanilla, chocolate and strawberry.
Without doubt, what people worship first is what they see most often; for example, the animals that had the closest connection to people's lives, like the horse, the cow, the sheep, the rooster, the dog and so on.
Without doubt, what people worship first is what they see most often; for example, the animals that had the closest connection to people’s lives, like the horse, the cow, the sheep, the rooster, the dog and so on.
Without dreams, what different are we from animals?
Without dung beetles, there would be a lot more dung in nature.
Without education, we are in a horrible and deadly danger of taking educated people seriously.
Without education, you will always feel poverty.
Without effective antibiotics, any surgery, even a minor one, could become fatal.
Without effort, nothing is possible.
Without electricity we can't live a good life today.
Without electricity we can’t live a good life today.
Without electricity, bakeries won't be able to operate.
Without electricity, critical surgeries and treatments are compromised.
Without electricity, emergency response and trauma care are severely hampered.
Without electricity, life support systems for hundreds of civilian patients are at risk of failure.
Without electricity, life-saving equipment in the hospitals becomes useless.
Without electricity, maintaining refrigeration for vaccines and medications is impossible.
Without electricity, medical records and information systems are disrupted.
Without electricity, medications requiring refrigeration could spoil.
Without electricity, newborns and intensive care patients are endangered.
Without electricity, people won't be able to charge their phones and communicate with the external world.
Without electricity, sterilization processes in hospitals become impossible.
Without electricity, surgeries and life-saving procedures are at risk of cancellation.
Without electricity, the ability to save lives is severely limited, exacerbating the crisis.
Without electricity, the healthcare system in the besieged area collapses.
Without electricity, the overall health and well-being of the population deteriorates.
Without electricity, the situation in the besieged territory becomes even more dire.
Without electricity, the situation in the besieged territory becomes unlivable.
Without enough wood on the fire, the flames are already beginning to die down.
Without even glancing at the map, Tom drove off. He'd get there somehow, he thought.
Without even turning off the car he drove off.
Without ever having studied Galician, a Brazilian or Portuguese person can understand practically any text written in that language.
Without experiments and mathematics, we would never have understood what we understand.
Without family and friends, it's a dog's life.
Without family and friends, it’s a dog’s life.
Without fighting, there's no victory.
Without fingerprints, the police had nothing to go on.
Without flinching from that fact in the slightest, Chitose is spending today as well in fine spirit.
Without food and wine, love soon dies.
Without fuel, ambulances can't transport patients to the hospitals.
Without fuel, ambulances in the besieged territory can't operate effectively.
Without fuel, backup power generators won't run, risking critical outages.
Without fuel, heating and cooling systems in hospitals are compromised.
Without fuel, medical supply deliveries become impossible.
Without fuel, mobile clinics can't reach remote areas for medical outreach.
Without fuel, the healthcare system in the besieged territory is severely hampered.
Without fuel, the lives of countless patients are put in jeopardy.
Without fuel, the machine doesn't work.
Without fuel, the overall health crisis in the region worsens.
Without fuel, the transportation of medical personnel is hindered.
Without further ado, I say goodbye. Hugs and kisses.
Without further ado, I'd like to report on that matter.
Without further ado, let me introduce tonight's guest.
Without further ado, let me introduce tonight’s guest.
Without further ado, let's eat.
Without further ado, let's get right to it.
Without further ado, let's get started.
Without further ado, let's get straight to the story.
Without getting up, he dragged his bag across the floor.
Without giving up your privacy, I would also advise you to share with him what you do when he's not there, naturally, so he'll understand that there's no reason to be jealous.
Without good physical evidence, Yanni can't be charged.
Without goodwill on both sides, the treaty will quickly be broken.
Without gravity we would be hurled off into space.
Without gravity, a satellite launched from the Earth would simply drift off endlessly into space, traveling in a straight line, instead of circling the planet.
Without health we cannot hope for success.
Without health, we can not hope for success.
Without hearth or home.
Without her advice, he would have failed.
Without her advice, he wouldn't have known what to do yesterday.
Without her contact lenses, she can't see clearly.
Without her glasses she was as good as blind.
Without her help, I could not finish my task.
Without her help, I couldn't have finished my task.
Without her help, I wouldn't have passed the exam.
Without her, there would be no reason to get out of bed.
Without hesitating, the dean selects infinite wisdom.
Without hesitation, Claudio ran out of the house.
Without hesitation, Gunter shot Rima.
Without hesitation, I granted his request.
Without hesitation, he told his wife the truth.
Without hesitation, we set to asking riddles and telling tales.
Without him I wouldn't have a roof over my head.
Without him nothing was made that has been made.
Without him our company would cease to function.
Without him, I would be helpless.
Without him.
Without his cooperation, we can not do anything.
Without his cooperation, we can't do anything.
Without his glasses, Sami can't see anything in front of his nose.
Without his glasses, Tom can hardly see anything.
Without his glasses, Tom can't see anything.
Without his glasses, Tom is as blind as a bat.
Without his glasses, he is as blind as a bat.
Without his glasses, he's as blind as a bat.
Without his help I would have failed.
Without his help we'd have stood no chance at all.
Without his help, I might fail.
Without his help, I will fail.
Without his help, she would have drowned.
Without his help, you'd have failed.
Without his pants, the general looks less impressive.
Without his spear, he is unable to transfix the kangaroos and wallabies on which he so much depends for his daily food, and, robbed of his boomerangs and nullah-nullahs, the wild duck can pass him scatheless, and the cockatoo can scream defiance from the lofty trees.
Without his wife's money, he never would have become a director.
Without his wife's money, he would never be a director.
Without his wife’s money, he would never be a director.
Without honor, victory is hollow.
Without human activities, the influence of natural factors alone would actually have had a slight cooling effect on global climate over the last 50 years.
Without humility, courage is a dangerous game.
Without imagination, one's mind is like a prison.
Without insects, we would be in serious trouble.
Without insurance, you cannot see a doctor.
Without justice there will be no peace.
Without knowing anything, George began to climb the stairs.
Without knowing the original language of the holy writings, how can you rely on your interpretations about them?
Without knowing what may happen tomorrow, I live in permanent fear.
Without knowledge of the Russian language, living in Russia is difficult.
Without labor nothing succeeds.
Without language, there would be no thoughts.
Without last week's figures, Tom had no way of telling how he was doing.
Without leaving my house, I keep in touch with the whole world.
Without lies truth would perish of despair and boredom.
Without likes or dislikes. Let's eat everything.
Without likes or dislikes; let's eat everything.
Without loss of generality, we can say that the sequence converges to zero.
Without love, life can be cold and it can be cruel. Sometimes cruelty is deliberate — the action of bullies or bigots, or the inaction of those indifferent to another’s pain. But often, cruelty is simply born of life, a matter of fate or God’s will, beyond our mortal powers to comprehend. To suffer such faceless, seemingly random cruelty can harden the softest hearts, or shrink the sturdiest. It can make one mean, or bitter, or full of self-pity. Or, to paraphrase an old proverb, it can make you beg for a lighter burden.
Without makeup, you look about 40 years old.
Without many kinases, including cyclin-dependent kinases, or CDKs, we wouldn't be alive!
Without me, what will become of them?
Without me, you won't be able to do it.
Without me, you won't be able to do that.
Without me, you would be nothing.
Without me, you wouldn't accomplish anything.
Without me, you wouldn't get anything done.
Without modern Berber terminology and Berber words borrowed from virtually every living Berber dialect, Kabyle would be little more than a pidgin, a hodgepodge of a couple Berber roots mixed with countless French and Arabic words.
Without molars you cannot chew.
Without money you can't do anything.
Without money, he could do nothing.
Without money, nothing can be done.
Without money, nothing is achieved.
Without moonlight, the nights are dark.
Without more significant global greenhouse gas mitigation and regional adaptation efforts, climate change is expected to cause substantial losses to infrastructure and property and impede the rate of economic growth over this century.
Without motivation, nothing can be achieved.
Without much thought, I packed my things and left.
Without music the world is a vale of tears.
Without music, life would be a mistake.
Without music, life would be an error.
Without music, life would be an error. The German imagines even God singing songs.
Without music, the world is a valley of tears.
Without music, the world would be a boring place.
Without my friends and parents around, I started doing drugs.
Without my glasses I can't see anything.
Without my well being, I can't have a good job.
Without opening his eyes, he slipped his slippers on, got to his feet and walked into the kitchen to switch the kettle on.
Without our army, Algeria would be a complete disaster.
Without our mistakes we are nothing.
Without our sense of smell, we wouldn't be able to differentiate tea from coffee.
Without oxygen, all animals would have disappeared long ago.
Without oxygen, we would be unable to breathe.
Without politicians there would no longer be a pandemic.
Without pollination, we wouldn't be able to eat fruits and vegetables.
Without predators to hold them back, native crabs are devouring the marshes.
Without proper radiation protection, humans can't venture out in deep space.
Without putting it off, I sat down to write a letter.
Without realising it, he had already been waiting at the bus stop for two hours.
Without registration, you can't use the site.
Without remembering, we can't save our democracy.
Without respect there's no love.
Without rhythm, our hearts wouldn't beat.
Without sacrifice, friendship is unthinkable.
Without saying a word, Tom and Mary left the cinema and went home.
Without saying a word, my uncle sat in his armchair by the fireplace.
Without saying another word, Tom left the room.
Without saying another word, he ran down the corridor.
Without saying anything, he shut the door.
Without saying goodbye, he disappeared into the crowd.
Without science, there is no future.
Without seats, fans were able to squeeze together and sit in aisles.
Without shaking, she poured water in the glass with an elegant gesture.
Without significant adaptation measures, many coastal cities in the Southeast are expected to experience daily high tide flooding by the end of the century.
Without significant greenhouse gas mitigation, the increase in global annual average temperature could reach 9°F or more by the end of this century.
Without so much as a glance at the map, Tom drove off. He'd get there somehow, he thought.
Without some common baseline of facts, without a willingness to admit new information, and concede that your opponent might be making a fair point, and that science and reason matter then we're going to keep talking past each other, and we'll make common ground and compromise impossible.
Without stable membranes provided with channels operated by proteins, there would be no cells. But without cells, there would be no proteins that could form the membrane channels.
Without strong tendons, large muscles are of no use.
Without sufficient atmospheric pressure, body fluids will start to boil.
Without sufficient evidence, it was difficult to charge Dan with murder.
Without sufficient grease the machine will seize up easily.
Without sunlight, flowers die.
Without supplies, his army could not fight very long.
Without telephones, it would be inconvenient.
Without the Egyptians, our world would look different today.
Without the Sun, life on Earth would not exist.
Without the Sun, we could not live on the Earth.
Without the United States, the world will end. It will be invaded by little green men who will spread terror and chaos, which will be the end of civilization. Was there any civilization before the birth of the United States? Of course not.
Without the ability to speak the Berber language, he needed an interpreter.
Without the aid of the stars, we lost our course with no hope of finding it again.
Without the effective resistance of minorities the general will may become tyrannous or without the stimulus they afford it may become inert.
Without the error, our team could have won the game.
Without the help of dung beetles, animal poop would swamp our lands.
Without the idea of God there is no clever answer to the question about the reason for the existence of the universe.
Without the industrious honey bee, American dinner plates would look quite bare.
Without the key, she could not have entered the room.
Without the knowledge we have today about viruses, the medical response to the 1793 contagion, one of a series that swept 18th and 19th century America prompting the Yellow Fever to be nicknamed "the American Plague," was incoherent and ineffective.
Without the light of the sun, we could see nothing.
Without the magnets on their heads, they could find their way home in any weather.
Without the map, he would have gotten lost.
Without the map, we wouldn't have found the way.
Without the ozone layer, we would be in danger.
Without the participation of the youth, democracy is ineffective.
Without the rain there is no harvest.
Without the random mutation of genes there would be no evolution.
Without the risk of pain, there can be no happiness and joy.
Without the shadow of a doubt, the dream was a memory from a previous life.
Without the slightest doubt!
Without the slightest doubt, the dream was a memory from a previous life.
Without the slightest hesitation, Tom sold his own car.
Without the slightest hesitation, he sold his own car.
Without the soul the body is no more.
Without the strong force, protons would repel each other.
Without the sun there is no life!
Without the sun, life is impossible.
Without the sun, nothing would survive.
Without the sun, there would be no life.
Without the sun, we couldn't live on the earth.
Without the sun, we couldn’t live on the earth.
Without these acacia trees, there would be no giraffes in this area.
Without thinking I laughed at the cuteness of the cat.
Without thinking twice, I grabbed the helm.
Without thinking, Ziri ran over to that guy and punched him square in the face.
Without those sacrifices, I wouldn't be standing here, before you.
Without tissue, I'm unable to wipe my behind.
Without toilet paper, I can't wipe my ass.
Without truth, without trust, America cannot flourish. Trust is at the very heart of our democracy, the sacred covenant between a president and the people. When that trust is violated, the bonds that hold our republic together begin to weaken.
Without voter suppression, the U.S. Republican Party would never win elections.
Without waiting for Ziri to come up with something to say, Rima stormed out of the room.
Without waiting for a reply, Tom walked away.
Without war, the world would be a better place.
Without warning he wrapped his arms around her waist and drew her to himself.
Without warning, she dropped a bombshell.
Without warning, the lighthouse began to crumble under their feet.
Without warning, the teachers ask students from each country to take the microphone and explain to everyone their reasons for coming to Harbin.
Without water one cannot live.
Without water, Sami cannot survive on the island.
Without water, cooling systems for equipment and patients fail.
Without water, essential medical equipment can't be properly cleaned.
Without water, healthcare workers won't be able to wash their hands adequately.
Without water, hospitals in the besieged territory can't operate effectively.
Without water, hydration and basic patient needs are hard to meet.
Without water, maintaining a sterile environment is nearly impossible.
Without water, no creature could live.
Without water, no life is possible.
Without water, nothing could live on this earth.
Without water, nothing could live.
Without water, patient care and comfort are compromised.
Without water, people couldn't live.
Without water, pharmaceutical preparations and dilutions can't be made.
Without water, sanitation and hygiene standards in the hospitals deteriorate.
Without water, surgical procedures and infection control become challenging.
Without water, the entire healthcare infrastructure in the besieged area suffers.
Without water, the flowers die.
Without water, the flowers wilted.
Without water, the overall health crisis in the territory intensifies.
Without water, the risk of waterborne diseases increases in the population.
Without water, the soldiers would have died.
Without water, the soldiers would've died.
Without water, the well-being of patients and healthcare staff is at severe risk.
Without water, there would be no life.
Without water, there wouldn't be any life.
Without water, there's no life.
Without water, we can not survive.
Without water, we can't exist.
Without water, we cannot exist.
Without water, we won't be able to survive much longer.
Without water, we would soon die.
Without water, wound care and sterilization are hindered.
Without water, you could not live.
Without wearing a tie, you won't get in here!
Without women, the beginning of our life would be helpless; the middle, devoid of pleasure; and the end, of consolation.
Without work, I can't save anything.
Without work, I can’t save anything.
Without you I am nothing.
Without you guys, my life would have no meaning.
Without you help, I wouldn't have been able to do that.
Without you my life would be devoid of meaning.
Without you we will not succeed.
Without you, I am not well.
Without you, I am nothing.
Without you, I feel empty inside.
Without you, I have no fun.
Without you, I have no reason to live.
Without you, I would have died.
Without you, I would have never managed.
Without you, I would've died.
Without you, I wouldn't be here today.
Without you, I wouldn't have succeeded in doing it.
Without you, I wouldn't have succeeded in doing that.
Without you, I'd be lost.
Without you, I'm nothing.
Without you, I'm very lonely.
Without you, it won't be the same.
Without you, life is awful.
Without you, life wouldn't be the same.
Without you, my days would be colorless and monotonous. You bring vibrancy and excitement to my world.
Without you, my existence is pointless.
Without you, my life has no purpose.
Without you, my life is empty.
Without you, my life would be meaningless.
Without you, my life would be worthless.
Without you, my life would have been totally empty.
Without you, there would be no point to my existence.
Without your advice, I would have been at a loss.
Without your advice, I would have been robbed of my bag.
Without your advice, I would have failed in the attempt.
Without your advice, I would have failed.
Without your advice, I would've failed.
Without your aid, I couldn't have succeeded.
Without your aid, I couldn’t have succeeded.
Without your assistance I would have failed.
Without your assistance, I would have failed.
Without your assistance, I would've failed.
Without your consent, nothing can be done about it.
Without your effort you cannot hope for success.
Without your encouragement, I should have given up the plan.
Without your encouragement, I would have given this project up.
Without your encouragement, I would have given up on this project.
Without your encouragement, I would have given up this plan.
Without your encouragement, I would have given up.
Without your encouragement, I would've given up this plan.
Without your encouragement, I would've given up.
Without your help I would have had no success.
Without your help this plan would be impossible.
Without your help, I couldn't have done it.
Without your help, I couldn't have done that.
Without your help, I couldn't have finished the work.
Without your help, I couldn't have gotten over that difficult situation.
Without your help, I couldn't have ridden out that crisis.
Without your help, I couldn’t have done it.
Without your help, I couldn’t have finished the work.
Without your help, I couldn’t have gotten over that difficult situation.
Without your help, I couldn’t have ridden out that crisis.
Without your help, I don't have a chance.
Without your help, I don't stand a chance.
Without your help, I have no chance.
Without your help, I would fail.
Without your help, I would have been unable to do it.
Without your help, I would have been unable to do that.
Without your help, I would have drowned.
Without your help, I would have failed.
Without your help, I would have given up.
Without your help, I would not have succeeded.
Without your help, I would've been unable to do it.
Without your help, I would've been unable to do that.
Without your help, I would've drowned.
Without your help, I would've failed.
Without your help, I would've given up.
Without your help, I wouldn't have been able to do that.
Without your help, I wouldn't have been able to do this.
Without your help, I wouldn't have been able to finish the work.
Without your help, Tom and Mary don't have a chance.
Without your help, Tom couldn't have opened the door.
Without your help, Tom doesn't have a chance.
Without your help, Tom would have failed.
Without your help, Tom would have probably died.
Without your help, Tom would've failed.
Without your help, Tom would've probably died.
Without your help, he doesn't stand a chance.
Without your help, he would fail.
Without your help, he would have been ruined.
Without your help, he would have failed.
Without your help, it would've been impossible.
Without your help, we couldn't have done it.
Without your help, we couldn't have done that.
Without your help, we couldn’t have done it.
Without your help, we wouldn't be able to carry out our plan.
Without your help, we wouldn't have been able to do that.
Without your help, we wouldn't have finished in time.
Without your help, we wouldn’t be able to carry out our plan.
Without your help, we wouldn’t have finished in time.
Without your love, life would feel empty and meaningless.
Without your love, my life would be very sad.
Without your protection, Tom won't have a chance.
Without your support, I'd be lost.
Without your support, we probably won't be able to put this plan into practice.
Without your support, we probably won’t be able to put this plan into practice.
Witness the contradiction!
Witness, ye ashes of our comrades dear, / ye flames of Troy, that in your hour of woe / nor darts I shunned, nor shock of Danaan spear. / If Fate my life had called me to forego, / this hand had earned it, forfeit to the foe.
Witnesses are asked to call the police.
Witnesses can lie.
Witnesses identified Tom.
Witnesses must give evidence on oath.
Witnesses provided detailed descriptions of the assailant.
Witnesses reported seeing Dan almost everywhere in the town.
Witnesses said that the masked individual ran like a girl.
Witnesses said they saw a suspicious man throwing something off the bridge that very night.
Witnesses told police that the train was travelling way over the speed limit when it derailed going around a bend.
Witnesses were left dumbfounded, unable to comprehend how he simply vanished into thin air.
Witnessing cruelty to animals, children may become cruel.
Witty aphorisms attract our attention.
Wives are young men's mistresses, companions for middle age, and old men's nurses.
Wives are young men’s mistresses, companions for middle age, and old men’s nurses.
Wives usually outlive husbands.
Wives usually outlive their husbands.
Wives, submit yourselves to your own husbands as you do to the Lord. For the husband is the head of the wife as Christ is the head of the church, his body, of which he is the Savior.
Wizards don't exist.
Wnisa and Ziri didn't need to buy a book about endangered animals.
Woah, I think I just had deja vu.
Woah, are you serious?
Woah, look! The sky's bright red. Let's take a picture.
Woah, you scared me! Don't just suddenly speak so loudly like that!
Woah.
Woe are us!
Woe be to the mad wizzards and witches who give themselves to the Devil, being enclosed in a circle, calling upon him with Charms, they tarry with him, and fall from God! for they shall receive their reward from him.
Woe betide him!
Woe betide the child who speaks correct English; he will be the laughing-stock of his classmates.
Woe is me!
Woe is me, my son hasn't returned since he went away!
Woe is you!
Woe to boys who refuse to obey their parents and run away from home! They will never be happy in this world, and when they are older they will be very sorry for it.
Woe to him!
Woe to infidels.
Woe to me!
Woe to the braggart parasite. The crushing stone is falling overhead.
Woe to the conquered!
Woe to the country that needs heroes.
Woe to the insane wizards and witches who dedicate themselves to the Devil, and standing in a circle, call upon him with spells to summon him.
Woe to the vanquished!
Woe to the vanquished.
Woe to those who are obese in a society where slimness is the norm.
Woe to those who presume that they are destined to â€˜enlighten’ others, not themselves!
Woe to those who presume that they are destined to ‘enlighten’ others, not themselves!
Woe to those who shut the mouths of the people.
Woe to who be alone, my friends. It seems that social isolation quickly destroys one's reason.
Woe to who be alone, my friends. It seems that social isolation quickly destroys one’s reason.
Woe to you!
Woke culture is the suppression of freedom of speech in the name of freedom of speech.
Woke is the elevation of sensitivity over truth.
Wokeism is a danger to our civilization.
Wokeism is a danger to the freedom of speech.
Wokeism is a form of extremism.
Wokeism is a form of ideological insanity.
Wokeism is a huge danger to the human civilization.
Wokeism is a sensitive subject.
Wokeism is all about reputation destruction.
Wokeism is all about the destruction of the reputation of anyone who has views different from yours.
Wokeism is an extremist ideology.
Wokeism is making the world too stifling.
Wokeism is no different than racism.
Wokeism is racism.
Wokeism is such a recent phenomenon.
Wokeism is tyranny.
Wokeism isn't a real thing.
Wokeism was made up by the American right.
Wokeness is as real as the Doctors' Plot and the Röhm Putsch, and serves the same purpose.
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart was an amazing child prodigy who started playing the harpsichord at the age of three and who gave his first public performance at the age of five.
Wolfgang is a baker in a small hamlet in Germany.
Wolfgang is a baker in a small village in Germany.
Wolfgang switched to German.
Wolfgang works for the Max Planck Society for the Advancement of Science.
Wolmar Schildt is also known as ”the father of science and art”.
Wolverhampton is a city in the Midlands.
Wolverine is an X-Man.
Wolverines are omnivores.
Wolverines are omnivorous.
Wolverines attack cattle.
Wolverines can be extremely aggressive.
Wolverines can travel for hundreds of kilometers over their lifetime.
Wolverines catch a lot of hares, black grouse, hazel grouse, and small rodents.
Wolverines make their lair under torn-out roots, in rock crevices and in other secluded spots.
Wolverines make up nature's clean-up crew, killing weak and sick animals.
Wolves and dogs are animals from the same genus, but different species.
Wolves and dogs are pretty much the same thing, dogs are just domesticated.
Wolves are apex predators.
Wolves are awesome animals, intelligent and fierce hunters.
Wolves are beautiful animals that deserve to be protected, but ranchers don't want them to eat their livestock, so they have to kill them...
Wolves are formidable predators.
Wolves are howling in the woods.
Wolves are noble creatures.
Wolves are not always gray.
Wolves are not as smart as foxes.
Wolves are pack animals.
Wolves are predators, but they don't eat each other.
Wolves are savage animals, but there are many people in Spain that have domesticated them.
Wolves aren't as smart as foxes.
Wolves can be extremely aggressive.
Wolves don't eat salad.
Wolves don't usually attack people.
Wolves have long tails.
Wolves howl at the full moon.
Wolves howl at the moon.
Wolves howl.
Wolves hunt in a pack.
Wolves hunt reindeer.
Wolves live in areas where game is plentiful.
Wolves live in large forests.
Wolves live in packs.
Wolves scare me.
Wolves stalked the flock.
Wolves that use magic to hunt have entered this world from another dimension.
Wolves travel in packs, but eagles fly alone.
Wolves travel in packs.
Wolves usually do not attack humans.
Wolves usually don't attack people.
Wolves wander in the woods.
Wolves won't usually attack people.
Wolves won’t usually attack people.
Woman as I am, I shall stand up against any social injustice.
Woman as she is, she can lift this barbell.
Woman as she was, she fought bravely.
Woman as she was, she was brave.
Woman can't have penises.
Woman in a wheelchair holes up in supermarket.
Woman is the backbone of every society.
Woman is the foundation of every nation.
Woman is the pillar of every people.
Woman is when long hair.
Woman observes, man decides.
Woman would be more charming if one could fall into her arms without falling into her hands.
Woman's intuition is clearly a valuable trait.
Woman's life is full of miseries.
Woman, make me a sandwich.
Womanizing is extremely difficult to overcome.
Womanizing is hard to overcome.
Woman’s intuition is clearly a valuable trait.
Wombat droppings are helping an industrial town in the Australian state of Tasmania to fight the effects of the global financial crisis. Burnie has been hit by repeated rounds of job cuts but despite the gloom, one local industry is growing rapidly — producing handmade paper out of a material no one else wants — wombat dung.
Wombat is a typical australian animal.
Wombats are herbivores. Their diets loaded with plant fiber make their feces, which the animals use in the wild to mark their territory, ideal for making some of Australia's most unusual paper.
Women - why do they want to go to toilet in groups? I don't get it at all.
Women - why do they want to go to toilet in groups? I don’t get it at all.
Women across time periods and geographical locations have been oppressed in many aspects of life.
Women adore Tom.
Women age faster than men, but they also live longer than men.
Women age faster than men, but they also outlive men.
Women age faster than men.
Women also played an important role during the war.
Women and children are praying and crying.
Women and children first!
Women and children first.
Women and girls should do that.
Women and girls shouldn't do that.
Women and girls would cross over the street rather than meet him.
Women and men are equally bad drivers.
Women and minorities pursuing computer science degrees often feel alone in a field that is overwhelmingly dominated by men.
Women and soup shouldn't be left waiting, otherwise they'll get cold.
Women and their confusion conversations.
Women and young people were the groups most affected by pandemic-related depression and anxiety.
Women are a decorative sex. They never have anything to say, but they say it charmingly.
Women are afraid of me.
Women are all the same.
Women are also human beings.
Women are also people.
Women are always buying hats.
Women are amazing creatures.
Women are as abundant as stars.
Women are as smart as men.
Women are attracted to dominant men.
Women are attracted to introvert men.
Women are attracted to masculine men.
Women are attracted to men of conviction.
Women are attracted to men who speak passionately.
Women are attracted to mysterious guys.
Women are attracted to mysterious men.
Women are beautiful and wise.
Women are beautiful.
Women are better at this than men.
Women are better drivers than men. Yes, you can clap for that.
Women are brighter than men.
Women are cleverer than men.
Women are crazy.
Women are dangerous when they get angry.
Women are delicate beings.
Women are delicate creatures.
Women are directly adapted to act as the nurses and educators of our early childhood, for the simple reason that they themselves are childish, foolish, and short-sighted.
Women are easily moved to tears.
Women are employed at a lower salary than men.
Women are equal to men and vice versa.
Women are fickle and anyone who trusts them is a fool.
Women are finding out that many different roles are open to them.
Women are flowers.
Women are having children later in life.
Women are impulsively attracted to men who appear to be masculine.
Women are in their talk always more sensitive than men.
Women are individuals.
Women are inferior beings, they obey their organs too much. In my opinion, they are only beautiful when they look like men.
Women are interchangeable instruments for a constantly identical pleasure.
Women are interested in mysterious men.
Women are judged differently than men.
Women are leading America at every level of society, from Hollywood to Silicon Valley, from the c-suite to the federal bench to the Federal Reserve.
Women are like rose petals - smooth and beautiful.
Women are meant to be loved, not to be understood.
Women are more complicated than men.
Women are more intelligent than men.
Women are more likely than men to have this problem.
Women are more likely than men to support trans rights and trans inclusion.
Women are more likely to have depression than men.
Women are my weakness.
Women are naturally attracted to men who appear masculine.
Women are naturally submissive.
Women are not a minority.
Women are not essential in Westerns.
Women are not objects.
Women are not permitted to drive cars in Saudi Arabia.
Women are not safe.
Women are not sex objects.
Women are often judged by their looks.
Women are often mentally stronger than men.
Women are often objectified and treated like property.
Women are people.
Women are persons.
Women are physically weaker than men.
Women are punished for aduletry.
Women are respected in Islam.
Women are said to be weak at figures.
Women are said to go gaga for this.
Women are sensitive beings.
Women are sensitive creatures.
Women are sensitive.
Women are sexually more vulnerable than men.
Women are sincere.
Women are smarter than men.
Women are smarter than that.
Women are so weird!
Women are strange people.
Women are submissive and men are dominant.
Women are systematically degraded by receiving the trivial attentions which men think it manly to pay to the sex, when, in fact, men are insultingly supporting their own superiority.
Women are the best creation of God.
Women are the most beautiful part of a man's life.
Women are treated differently.
Women are very confusing.
Women are very fickle. Trusting them is foolish.
Women are very vulnerable.
Women are willing to submit to fashion, because they know that the packaging has to change if the content is to remain interesting.
Women are, indeed, more talkative than men; they spend the whole day speaking about anything.
Women aren't allowed here.
Women aren't allowed in here.
Women aren't allowed to do that.
Women aren't allowed to join.
Women aren't exactly throwing themselves at me.
Women aren't interested in him.
Women aren't interested in what you think. They're interested in what you feel.
Women aren't interested in your scientific knowledge. They're interested in what you feel.
Women aren't like that.
Women aren't taken seriously.
Women automatically lose interest in him after exchanging a couple of words.
Women automatically lose interest in him after exchanging a few words with him.
Women call me ugly until they find out how much money I have. After they have found that out, they call me ugly and poor.
Women came into Sami's life.
Women can be scary when insulted.
Women can drive in Algeria. In fact, Algeria is totally different from Saudi Arabia.
Women can drive in my country. Algeria is not Saudi Arabia.
Women can eat.
Women can feel that.
Women can have smaller families.
Women can keep a secret when they don't know it is one.
Women can keep a secret when they don’t know it is one.
Women can walk by themselves on Algerian streets.
Women can't drive.
Women can't have penises.
Women change the world.
Women chase crazy men; they flee from the wise ones as if they were poisonous beasts.
Women commonly live longer than men.
Women complain that they're discriminated against in the field of work.
Women consider themselves significantly superior to men.
Women cook couscous in houses.
Women cry.
Women deserve equal rights.
Women developed the phonetic script called "nu shu," or "female writing," centuries ago in Jiangyong County, Hunan province. They used it to communicate with close friends, who were often sent to distant villages after their marriages.
Women didn't care for him.
Women didn't have the right to vote.
Women didn't use to be allowed to do that.
Women didn't use to talk politics in this country.
Women didn’t care for him.
Women didn’t use to talk politics in this country.
Women do not have a hive mind; different women want different things.
Women don't drive as well as men.
Women don't forget: they archive.
Women don't have a goatee.
Women don't have dicks.
Women don't have penises.
Women don't have penises. This is a scientific fact.
Women don't have to fast all of Ramadan in one go.
Women don't inherit in our community.
Women don't like Tom.
Women don't like creeps.
Women don't like guys that complain about anything.
Women don't like losers.
Women don't like me.
Women don't like men that complain a lot.
Women don't like men who complain about money.
Women don't like unwanted attention.
Women don't like wimps.
Women don't like you.
Women don't pay attention to him.
Women don't take shits.
Women don't usually want to talk with me.
Women don't want to know what you think. They want to know what you feel.
Women don't want to see penises in their showers and locker rooms.
Women don't wear dresses as often as they used to.
Women don’t take shits.
Women drive men crazy.
Women dry clothes on a clothesline.
Women earn less than men.
Women eat lighter meals when they're eating with a guy.
Women eat lighter meals when they’re eating with a guy.
Women even earn less so there is a double whammy for them.
Women feel that men are often very complicated.
Women frighten me.
Women generally live longer than men.
Women generally live seven years longer than men.
Women generally outlive their husbands.
Women get married very young in the country.
Women get penalized for being assertive at work.
Women give birth and men do not.
Women gravitate towards confident men.
Women guess everything; they're only wrong when they think.
Women guess everything; they’re only wrong when they think.
Women had limited opportunity for advancement.
Women had little choice in the past.
Women hate Tom and me.
Women hate Tom.
Women hate feminism.
Women hate him.
Women hate me.
Women hate you.
Women have a better sense of smell than men.
Women have a natural penchant for the mysterious.
Women have achieved equality in some areas.
Women have always liked him.
Women have another logic.
Women have beautiful cheeks.
Women have beauty, but do books not also have beauty?
Women have been resigned to unjust treatment for too long.
Women have grown tired of being looked down on by employers.
Women have needs.
Women have the right to choose.
Women have two ovaries.
Women here also are frustrated in their attempts to succeed in the workplace. They find themselves generally relegated to secretarial and other low-level posts.
Women here are still devoid of voice and choice.
Women in Africa have shorter and curlier hair.
Women in Algeria have the right to drive.
Women in Fyodor’s religion are only baby machines.
Women in Taiwan have long legs, and good figures.
Women in full dress, pressmen, policemen, loafers, were pouring out and rushing in to Mr. Rohscheimer's residence!
Women in many parts of the world are still trying to overcome societal obstacles, including child marriage, illiteracy, domestic violence and lack of access to family planning.
Women in that country are fighting for their freedom.
Women in the study periodically answer questionnaires about their health and lifestyle.
Women in their hearts think that men are intended to earn money so that they may spend it, if possible during their husband's lifetime, but at any rate after his death.
Women in their hearts think that men are intended to earn money so that they may spend it, if possible during their husband’s lifetime, but at any rate after his death.
Women inspire us to do great things - and then stop us from doing them.
Women know that.
Women lie more than men.
Women like Tom and me.
Women like Tom.
Women like attention.
Women like brave men.
Women like cats.
Women like chocolate.
Women like colorful umbrellas.
Women like colourful umbrellas.
Women like compliments.
Women like confident men.
Women like courageous men.
Women like dominant men.
Women like flowers.
Women like him.
Women like jewelry.
Women like male attention.
Women like men like their coffee: They've got to be strong, hot, and to keep them up all night long.
Women like men that make them feel good.
Women like men the way they like their coffee: strong and hot to keep them awake all night long.
Women like men who are confident.
Women like men who are nice to women.
Women like men who dress well.
Women like men who have a good sense of humor.
Women like men who have beards.
Women like men who like kids.
Women like men who make them feel good about themselves.
Women like men who make them feel good.
Women like men who make them feel special.
Women like men who make them laugh.
Women like men who make them like themselves.
Women like men who never run out of things to say.
Women like men who treat them with respect.
Women like men who'll listen to them.
Women like men with moustaches.
Women like men with mustaches.
Women like optimistic men.
Women like passion and excitement.
Women like perfume.
Women like perfumes.
Women like presents.
Women like romantic men.
Women like roses.
Women like talking about clothing.
Women like talking about food.
Women like talking about makeup.
Women like talking about shoes.
Women like talking about weddings.
Women like that.
Women like that. Trust me. I'm a woman.
Women like to talk.
Women like us should work together.
Women live longer than men in most countries.
Women love flowers.
Women love hearing the sound of their own name.
Women love lies, men love lying.
Women love men who love babies.
Women love presents.
Women love romantic men.
Women love talking about clothing.
Women love talking about cooking.
Women love talking about fashion.
Women love talking about food.
Women love talking about makeup.
Women love talking about marriage.
Women love talking about shoes.
Women love talking about themselves.
Women love talking about weddings.
Women love that.
Women loved it.
Women make basic assumptions about children.
Women must be at the heart of climate action if the world is to limit the deadly impact of disasters such as floods, former Irish president and U.N. rights commissioner Mary Robinson said on Monday.
Women must not depend on men.
Women need to feel empowered to do whichever kind of job they want to do.
Women never go to the bathroom alone.
Women no longer are satisfied with their traditional role of housewife, and are seeking recognition of needs in the workplace.
Women not only see things differently from men, but they see different things.
Women observe and men think.
Women occupy the bathroom for hours.
Women often earn less than men for the exact same work.
Women often manipulate men.
Women often paint their fingernails.
Women often prefer older men.
Women often use bracelets.
Women often wear skirts.
Women ought to be as glad to be women as men are to be men.
Women pay more than men for comparable personal care products 56% of the time.
Women prisoners are not safe.
Women pursuing computer science degrees often feel alone and isolated, since the field is overwhelmingly dominated by men.
Women really are quite dangerous. The more I think about this, the more I'm able to understand the reasoning behind face covering.
Women really are quite dangerous. The more I think about this, the more I’m able to understand the reasoning behind face covering.
Women represent around half of the world's population but they account for more than 60% of those going hungry.
Women run the world so well that men still haven't noticed after two thousand years.
Women scare me.
Women seem to go for Tom.
Women seem to like Tom.
Women seem to like him for some reason.
Women share everything.
Women should have their faces visible.
Women shouldn't be reduced to their attractiveness.
Women shouldn't have to cover their faces.
Women shouldn't have too many abortions.
Women shouldn't practice abortion too much.
Women sometimes pardon the one who rushes the occasion, but not the one who misses it.
Women speak a strange language.
Women suffer more emotionally.
Women swarmed the store.
Women talk about trivial things when talking with men.
Women talk nonstop.
Women tend to fuss over trifling matters.
Women tend to live longer than men.
Women tend to put more pictures on social networks than men.
Women there are trying to make the future better and brighter as they work to create "a girl society" that is aimed at helping girls aged 10 to 18.
Women throw themselves at Tom.
Women today drink as much as men.
Women treat us just as humanity treats its gods. They worship us, and are always bothering us to do something for them.
Women use perfume because a nose is easier to tempt than an eye.
Women use talking to maintain personal relationships.
Women used to bring water from fountains on their backs.
Women usually have the gift of gab.
Women usually live 10 years longer than men do.
Women usually live longer than men.
Women want equality of opportunity with men.
Women want to have sex too.
Women want to know what you feel.
Women were given the right to vote.
Women were kept in brothels.
Women were the ones who suffered the most during the Inquisition.
Women were very aggressive with children.
Women were waiting for the hairdresser to come.
Women who are happy with their premenopausal sex life are a lot more likely to be able to maintain that satisfaction post menopause.
Women who claim to love Disney films are, in most cases, suffering mentally.
Women who drink beer from a bottle don't appeal to me.
Women who seek to be equal with men lack ambition.
Women who, at first glance, appear to be completely ordinary also don't seem to be in that much of a rush to get married.
Women who, at first glance, appear to be completely ordinary also don’t seem to be in that much of a rush to get married.
Women whose fathers were builders know geometry.
Women will have the last word.
Women will never gain parity with men in a field that few women wish to enter.
Women with mothers or sisters who have endometriosis are at elevated risk of developing the condition themselves.
Women wore corsets during the Victorian era.
Women work on equal terms with men in this firm.
Women worked at home.
Women worked on an equal footing with men.
Women! The knife grinder is arrived!
Women's Liberation is a broad-based but informal popular movement.
Women's clothes are on the third floor.
Women's faces are often more beautiful when they take their clothes off, for they then stop thinking about their external appearance.
Women's rights are human rights.
Women's rights groups are going after sexual harassment.
Women's tears dry quickly.
Women, not just men, may have problems with erection, but of the clitoris, not of the penis.
Women, their treachery knows no limits.
Women, then, are only children of a larger growth.
Women, wine, and wealth are some of his weaknesses.
Women’s Liberation is a broad-based but informal popular movement.
Women’s rights groups are going after sexual harassment.
Won is used in both North Korea and South Korea. Its symbol is "â‚©".
Won is used in both North Korea and South Korea. Its symbol is "₩".
Won't I speak Italian?
Won't Tom be annoyed?
Won't Tom be busy tomorrow?
Won't Tom be jealous?
Won't Tom be joining us?
Won't Tom ever come back?
Won't Tom get suspicious?
Won't anyone help you?
Won't anyone sit with me?
Won't anyone sit with you?
Won't anyone tell me what's going on around here?
Won't contributing sentences that can't ever be translated into foreign languages get in the way of operations?
Won't exile be better for you than the hate of the citizens?
Won't he be surprised?
Won't it be dark in the rain?
Won't it be too little?
Won't it be too much?
Won't it keep till tomorrow?
Won't it keep until later?
Won't somebody help me?
Won't somebody please help me?
Won't somebody please think of the children?!
Won't that be dangerous?
Won't that be fun?
Won't there be a next time?
Won't they be busy tomorrow?
Won't they give it to you?
Won't they say something?
Won't this ever end?
Won't this get you into trouble?
Won't you be going to Boston next weekend?
Won't you be lonely?
Won't you be so kind to tell me why?
Won't you call me Tom?
Won't you change your mind?
Won't you close the door? It's drafty in here.
Won't you close the window for me?
Won't you come and see me next week?
Won't you come and see me this weekend?
Won't you come home next Sunday?
Won't you come home?
Won't you come in and have a cup of tea?
Won't you come in for a cup of tea?
Won't you come in for a minute?
Won't you come in for a moment?
Won't you come in?
Won't you come over to my place?
Won't you come over?
Won't you come to dine with us?
Won't you come to my house next Sunday?
Won't you come to my house?
Won't you come to the party tomorrow?
Won't you come tomorrow?
Won't you come up and have a drink?
Won't you come with me?
Won't you come with us?
Won't you do that for me?
Won't you do that tomorrow?
Won't you do that?
Won't you do the same?
Won't you eat lunch with me?
Won't you eat lunch with us?
Won't you even give me a kiss?
Won't you ever speak?
Won't you get in trouble for this?
Won't you give me a chance?
Won't you give me a little money?
Won't you give me a spot?
Won't you give me any discount?
Won't you give me something cold to drink?
Won't you give me the floor?
Won't you go and see a baseball game with me?
Won't you go for a walk?
Won't you go out to lunch with us?
Won't you go shopping with me?
Won't you go there?
Won't you go to the concert with me?
Won't you go to the cèilidh tonight?
Won't you go with me to the river?
Won't you go?
Won't you have a seat?
Won't you have another cup of coffee?
Won't you have another glass of milk?
Won't you have another piece of cake?
Won't you have some bread hot from the oven?
Won't you have some cake?
Won't you have some coffee?
Won't you have some fruit?
Won't you have some more coffee?
Won't you have some more tea?
Won't you have some tea with me?
Won't you have some tea?
Won't you have tea with us?
Won't you hear my thoughts?
Won't you help Tom?
Won't you help me?
Won't you join me?
Won't you join our conversation?
Won't you join us for dinner?
Won't you join us?
Won't you just open the door? Have we got to talk through the keyhole like this?
Won't you leave me alone?
Won't you let me see Diana just once to say farewell?
Won't you look in on us?
Won't you meet me halfway?
Won't you miss your parents?
Won't you play tennis tomorrow afternoon?
Won't you please arrange it?
Won't you please come in?
Won't you please do that for me?
Won't you please do that?
Won't you please help me a bit?
Won't you please help me?
Won't you please let me do that?
Won't you please send this letter by Express Mail?
Won't you please stay a little bit longer?
Won't you please stay?
Won't you please tell Tom to do that this afternoon?
Won't you please tell Tom to do that?
Won't you please try again?
Won't you please write with a ballpoint pen?
Won't you read this book?
Won't you reconsider?
Won't you sample some of my wine?
Won't you share my umbrella?
Won't you sing with us?
Won't you sing?
Won't you sit down?
Won't you sit on my knee?
Won't you speak more slowly?
Won't you speak to Tom about it?
Won't you spend Christmas with Tom?
Won't you stay a little bit longer?
Won't you stay a while?
Won't you stay awhile?
Won't you stay for a bit?
Won't you stay for a while?
Won't you stay for supper?
Won't you stay for tea?
Won't you stay just a bit longer?
Won't you stay just a little longer?
Won't you stay the night?
Won't you take a chair?
Won't you take something off this price?
Won't you talk about it?
Won't you tell her?
Won't you tell me what time it is?
Won't you tell me?
Won't you turn on the light?
Won't you two just shut up already?
Won't you wait for Tom?
Wonder is the true character of the philosopher.
Wonder why he was struck off the rolls. Had his office in Hume street. Same house as Molly’s namesake, Tweedy, crown solicitor for Waterford.
Wonderful was the fighting spirit of the Australian rugby team.
Wonderful weather we're having.
Wonderful weather, isn't it?
Wonderful!
Wonderful.
Wondering if he came, I looked out the window.
Wondering if my daughter had arrived safely I tried to call her but couldn't get through.
Wondering if my daughter had arrived safely I tried to call her but couldn’t get through.
Wondering if she came, I looked out the window.
Wondering if that restaurant had plov, I went inside.
Wondering what makes it so fascinating.
Wondji noted other species of malaria-carrying mosquitoes, like Anopheles gambiae, are starting to become resistant to pyrethroids, although that is occurring through a different biological mechanism.
Wondji said control efforts, such as eliminating mosquito larvae that inhabit standing pools of water, can also be redoubled.
Won’t exile be better for you than the hate of the citizens?
Won’t it keep until later?
Won’t somebody please think of the children?!
Won’t we be vacationing in Saudi Arabia?
Won’t you come and see me next week?
Won’t you come and see me this weekend?
Won’t you come in and have a cup of tea?
Won’t you come in for a cup of tea?
Won’t you come in for a moment?
Won’t you come over to my place?
Won’t you come to dine with us?
Won’t you come to my house next Sunday?
Won’t you come to the party tomorrow?
Won’t you come with me?
Won’t you give me a little money?
Won’t you give me a spot?
Won’t you give me something cold to drink?
Won’t you go and see a baseball game with me?
Won’t you go for a walk?
Won’t you go out to lunch with us?
Won’t you go shopping with me?
Won’t you go to the concert with me?
Won’t you go?
Won’t you have another cup of coffee?
Won’t you have another glass of milk?
Won’t you have another piece of cake?
Won’t you have some bread hot from the oven?
Won’t you have some cake?
Won’t you have some coffee?
Won’t you have some fruit?
Won’t you have some more coffee?
Won’t you have some more tea?
Won’t you have some tea with me?
Won’t you have some tea?
Won’t you have tea with us?
Won’t you hear my thoughts?
Won’t you join our conversation?
Won’t you join us for dinner?
Won’t you look in on us?
Won’t you play tennis tomorrow afternoon?
Won’t you please send this letter by Express Mail?
Won’t you please write with a ballpoint pen?
Won’t you share my umbrella?
Won’t you sit down?
Won’t you sit on my knee?
Won’t you speak more slowly?
Won’t you stay for tea?
Won’t you take a chair?
Won’t you take something off this price?
Won’t you tell me what time it is?
Woo hoo! It's the weekend!
Woo says one message from this research is clear: Quitting smoking almost immediately reduces the risk of rupturing an aneurysm.
Wood and charcoal are good fuels.
Wood and charcoal burning account for 50% of household energy consumption in Senegal, contributing to air pollution and deforestation.
Wood burns easily.
Wood burns very easily.
Wood burns.
Wood can be made into all sorts of things.
Wood does not conduct electric current.
Wood doesn't grow on trees.
Wood floats in water.
Wood floats, but iron sinks.
Wood floats.
Wood for the stove must burn only in the stove.
Wood is a disappearing resource in much of Africa, and these stoves burn far less wood than the stoves currently in much use.
Wood is a natural resource that is used for various purposes.
Wood is a sustainable building material.
Wood is a sustainable material.
Wood is flammable.
Wood is made into various kinds of articles.
Wood is solid.
Wood is the raw material for making paper.
Wood is very rare in the Sahara Desert.
Wood left outdoors should be dried off and properly finished with sealant before the rot sets in.
Wood may remain ten years in the water, but it will never become a crocodile.
Wood-burning stoves don't require a lot of maintenance.
Wooden boards were carelessly dumped near the fence.
Wooden buildings catch fire easily.
Wooden chairs are expensive.
Wooden chairs are usually expensive.
Wooden furniture is heavy.
Wooden houses catch fire easily.
Wooden houses easily catch fire.
Wooden spoons start to mildew if they're left in the sink too long.
Wooden spoons start to mildew if they’re left in the sink too long.
Wooden toys don't sell as well as they used to.
Woodpeckers are useful birds.
Woodpeckers eat ants.
Woodpeckers peck mostly old trees.
Woodpeckers peck tree trunks with their long pointed beaks and eat insects found there.
Woodrow Wilson was extremely sick.
Woods burn easily.
Woods green up in spring.
Woods grow greener in the spring.
Woof!
Woof, this was a tough one.
Woof, woof!
Woof, woof, woof!
Woof-woof!
Woohoo! Do you hear me?
Wool and mohair are the bread and butter of many of the Basotho, the people of Lesotho.
Wool dyes nicely.
Wool from sheep is fluffy.
Wool is warm.
Wool prices are falling.
Wool takes a dye well.
Woollen socks are the best socks in the world.
Woolly mammoths once roamed the Earth.
Woolly mammoths once roamed the earth.
Word choice and sentence structure always matter.
Word choice may vary depending on the topic.
Word choice must be done with care.
Word formation in Esperanto isn't completely logical, but the illogical words are so rare that they can be surprising.
Word got around that Jeanette and Dave were having an affair.
Word is passing that the Prime Minister is seriously ill.
Word is that he will be back next month.
Word of mouth tells them that.
Word of the incident spread quickly.
Word on the street is that he'll be back next month.
Word order in German is freer than in English, but not as free as in Russian.
Word order in Globasa is rather strict.
Word origins fascinate me.
Word processors for use with Japanese include Microsoft Word and JustSystem's Ichitaro.
Word processors for use with Japanese include Microsoft Word and JustSystem’s Ichitaro.
Word splicing is funny.
Word spread of the attack.
Word spread that police were hunting Sami.
Word up, breda. Long time no see. Whatchu been up to?
Word will get around.
Worden circled the moon in the command module while fellow astronauts Jim Irwin and David Scott explored the surface.
Worden never lost his enthusiasm for space.
Worden once described flying to the moon as like driving a car, only with some analytical ability.
Worden wrote two books about his moon mission, including one for children.
Wordplay is not horseplay.
Wordplay rarely translates.
Words alone cannot convey the untold misery endured by people in these refugee camps.
Words alone cannot meet the needs of our people. These needs will be met only if we act boldly in the years ahead; and if we understand that the challenges we face are shared, and our failure to meet them will hurt us all.
Words alone mean absolutely nothing.
Words and actions aren't the same thing.
Words are also actions.
Words are always bolder than deeds.
Words are attempts to express ideas.
Words are cheap. The biggest thing you can say is 'elephant'.
Words are either windows or walls.
Words are for lovers. I want to see action.
Words are important.
Words are interesting.
Words are not created by academies. They are born together with thoughts.
Words are over.
Words are powerful.
Words are the clothes of thought.
Words are useless, especially sentences.
Words are weak. Actions are strong.
Words are windows, or they are walls.
Words are worth a lot.
Words are, in my not humble opinion, our inexhaustible source of magic, capable of hurting and healing.
Words aren't necessary to compose music that speaks to you.
Words attract people, and sometimes keep them away.
Words can be more destructive than any weapon.
Words can be repeated to emphasise things.
Words can be windows or walls.
Words can cause deeper pain than physical weapons.
Words can change the world.
Words can hurt more than guns.
Words can inflict wounds that are harder to heal than those from weapons.
Words can leave scars that last longer than those from weapons.
Words can not convey how glad I am.
Words can strike harder than any physical attack.
Words can't be taken back.
Words can't convey my feelings.
Words can't convey my true feelings.
Words can't describe how I feel right now.
Words can't describe how I feel.
Words can't describe it.
Words can't describe the beauty.
Words can't describe the horror I experienced.
Words can't describe this place.
Words can't do it justice.
Words can't express how I feel.
Words can't express how angry I am.
Words can't express how sorry I am.
Words can't express it.
Words can't express my appreciation.
Words can't express our gratitude.
Words can't express the anger I feel.
Words can't express the anger that I feel.
Words cannot convey how delighted I was.
Words cannot convey how glad I am.
Words cannot convey my feelings.
Words cannot convey my true feelings.
Words cannot describe how happy and blessed I am to have you.
Words cannot describe how much I love you.
Words cannot describe it.
Words cannot describe the beauty.
Words cannot describe the feeling of stroking a cat's fluffy fur.
Words cannot describe the horror I experienced.
Words cannot describe the horror I felt.
Words cannot express it.
Words cannot express the beauty of the scene.
Words cannot express the extent to which you are wrong.
Words could not describe it.
Words cut more than swords.
Words express thoughts.
Words express what can't be said in music.
Words express what cannot be said in music.
Words fail him in their presence.
Words fail me in expressing many things.
Words fail me in expressing my emotion.
Words fail me to describe the beauty of this landscape.
Words fail me to express what I wish.
Words fail me.
Words fail right when you need them.
Words failed Tom.
Words failed her.
Words failed him.
Words failed me at the last minute.
Words failed me in his presence.
Words failed me.
Words fall short.
Words fly away, the written remains.
Words fly away, written ones remain.
Words fly, texts remain.
Words haply spoken usually are easy to forget.
Words have great power when you don't string too many together.
Words have the possibility to cause violence.
Words hold immense power to build or break relationships.
Words hurt more than fists.
Words in love have passed her lips.
Words know from us, things we ignore from them.
Words know things about us that we don't know about them.
Words left unsaid are like presents left undelivered.
Words like "mother" and "father" have been acknowledged for millennia to relate just as much to rearing children as to having them.
Words matter!
Words matter.
Words may pass but blows fall heavy.
Words mean things.
Words must be arranged in the proper sequence and the rules of grammar must be followed for a sentence to be accepted as a natural-sounding sentence.
Words of abuse poured from his lips.
Words of man may not be perfect, his vision and thoughts may be defective; but his heart must beat at the rhythm of creation to remind the angry earths and skies about the lost taste of serenity.
Words once said can't be taken back.
Words once uttered cannot be recalled.
Words rarely have only one meaning.
Words really do hurt.
Words reduce reality to something the human mind can grasp, which isn't very much.
Words serve to express ideas.
Words should be meaningful, not just verbiage.
Words stand for ideas.
Words such as "aselway," "aselkim," "tayri," "adabu," and "amulli" are all derived from various Berber lexical roots that have never been attested in the now impoverished Kabyle dialect.
Words such as "aselway," "aselkim," "tayri," "adabu," and "anemhal" were derived from Berber lexical roots that are unknown in the Kabyle dialect.
Words such as "aselway," "tayri," "adabu," and "anemhal" are all part of modern Berber. They are not Kabyle and were never derived of Kabyle lexical roots.
Words such as "azul," "tanemmirt," and "aselmad" are modern Berber. They come from various Berber dialects and are not known in the Kabyle dialect. In fact, Kabyle uses words such as "ahla" for "hello," "ṣaḥḥa" for "thank you," and "ccix" for "teacher," and all these words are Arabic loanwords that are used and understood from Mauritania to the farthest reaches of Saudi Arabia. Denying the existence of the Berber language and modern Berber is completely useless and it is usually politically motivated.
Words that don't precede actions are worthless.
Words that sound nice always contain beautiful images.
Words to describe the beauty of this landscape fail me.
Words travel across the universe.
Words won't bring bread on the table.
Words wound more easily than they heal.
Words, at times, are unable to convey human emotions.
Words, when well chosen, have such great force in them.
Words, words...
Work a lot.
Work absorbs most of his time.
Work again.
Work always came first for him.
Work and play are both necessary to health.
Work and play are both necessary to health; this gives us rest, and that gives us energy.
Work and play are necessary to health.
Work and play are words used to describe the same thing under differing conditions.
Work and play are words used to designate the same thing under different conditions.
Work and pray, live on hay; you'll get pie in the sky when you die.
Work as hard as you can.
Work as the ant.
Work awaits you.
Work becomes difficult.
Work becomes dramatically faster if you memorize keyboard shortcuts.
Work began almost immediately.
Work culture is changing as the older generations retire.
Work doesn't always begin at nine.
Work doesn't liberate, it eventually makes you tired.
Work doesn’t always begin at nine.
Work done with love is transformative.
Work during the day, it's better for you!
Work ennobles man.
Work ennobles the soul.
Work ethics are different in each culture.
Work fast, eat slow.
Work faster.
Work hard and hope for the best.
Work hard and you'll succeed.
Work hard and your dreams will come true.
Work hard every day.
Work hard in silence, let your success be your noise.
Work hard so that you can succeed.
Work hard so that you may earn your living.
Work hard, and you will pass the examination.
Work hard, and you will succeed.
Work hard, and you'll pass the exam.
Work hard, and you'll pass your exam.
Work hard, and your salary will be raised by degrees.
Work hard, or you will fail the examination.
Work hard, or you will fail.
Work hard, or you'll fail.
Work hard, or you'll have to take the same course again next year.
Work hard, or you’ll have to take the same course again next year.
Work hard, play hard.
Work harder if you are to succeed.
Work harder if you plan to succeed.
Work has been hard lately.
Work has been slow.
Work has started on building a metro in my city.
Work in accordance with the rules.
Work in large groups is terribly frustrating.
Work in pairs is the easier way to solve these problems.
Work instead of chatting!
Work is a necessary evil.
Work is a path to self-fulfillment.
Work is a very important part of life in the United States.
Work is all in all to me.
Work is behind schedule.
Work is better than idleness.
Work is considered a duty.
Work is drudgery if you don't think it's meditative.
Work is due to begin tomorrow.
Work is everything to me.
Work is finishing at 3 PM.
Work is for people without talent.
Work is going well.
Work is hard.
Work is in progress.
Work is more fun than fun.
Work is more important.
Work is not a hardship, but instead a pleasure, when it is done by your own free will, with the awareness that you are working for the common good instead of some thieving boss.
Work is not a rabbit - it will stop, but not run away.
Work is not only important for economic benefits, the salary, but also for social and psychological needs, the feeling of doing something for the good of society.
Work is not the object of life any more than play is.
Work is preferable to idleness.
Work is set to begin late in October.
Work is so busy that I don't even have any time to relax.
Work is so frustrating today.
Work is the best antidote to sorrow.
Work is work, and play is play.
Work is work, play is play.
Work isn't like school, though.
Work isn't shameful.
Work it out yourself.
Work liberates.
Work like a bee.
Work like you don't need the money.
Work like you mean it!
Work makes everything possible.
Work makes free.
Work makes life sweet.
Work makes the pain not felt.
Work morally!
Work more calmly to make fewer mistakes.
Work more efficiently.
Work more, sleep less.
Work more.
Work never ends, does it?
Work on cleaning up your inner dialogue.
Work on it together.
Work on the assignment in small groups.
Work on the bridge will begin on Monday.
Work on the relationship.
Work on the road began on September 11, 1935, in the state of North Carolina.
Work on the road was suspended because of the storm.
Work on your relationship.
Work on yourself.
Work once again.
Work out how many hours a day you spend in front of the television.
Work out how many hours a day you spend in front of the telly.
Work out how much electricity you could save each day.
Work pace is left up to the individual employee.
Work problem is not something which bothers him.
Work provides protection from hardship.
Work provides protection from misery.
Work quickly, eat slowly.
Work quietly lest you disturb others.
Work shall set you free.
Work shapes both mind and soul.
Work should be a reflection of purpose.
Work should elevate the human spirit.
Work should empower, not enslave.
Work should enhance the human condition.
Work should inspire creativity and innovation.
Work slowly, and you won't make mistakes.
Work slowly, and you won’t make mistakes.
Work slowly.
Work smarder and not harder and be careful of yor speling.
Work smarter, not harder.
Work starts early at Sprouting Farms in Summers County, West Virginia.
Work that aligns with purpose creates meaning.
Work that aligns with values brings joy.
Work that improves life is honorable.
Work that inspires is truly meaningful.
Work that uplifts others creates change.
Work to live, don't live to work.
Work to live. Don't live to work.
Work to live; don't live to work!
Work together productively.
Work together.
Work very hard to maintain that image.
Work was scarce.
Work was slow.
Work was tougher than usual that day.
Work was tougher than usual today.
Work well done is its own reward.
Work well done leaves a lasting legacy.
Work while you work, play while you play.
Work while you work; play while you play.
Work with integrity transforms lives.
Work with me.
Work with meaning brings fulfillment.
Work with other people.
Work with purpose fuels the soul.
Work with purpose shapes a better world.
Work your way to the top.
Work!
Work, and God will help you.
Work, don't talk!
Work-life balance is not just a problem for women.
Work.
Work? You only need a good idea to become rich.
Workaholics view holidays as a waste of time.
Workarounds can cause accidents.
Worker bees are sexually undeveloped females and under normal hive conditions don’t lay eggs.
Worker bees construct the comb using beeswax, a substance produced by four pairs of glands located on the underside of their abdomens.
Workers are fighting for more pay.
Workers are installing extra loudspeakers because the music in tonight's concert will need amplification.
Workers are on strike.
Workers are repairing the road.
Workers are returning from their holidays to find that they've lost their jobs.
Workers are taking a financial beating in the employment crisis.
Workers at the company went on a strike.
Workers build the houses all day long.
Workers can go on strike for higher wages, or for better working conditions.
Workers examine new machinery in use at the pioneering mega-farm at Boukanga Lonzo park in Democratic Republic of Congo, Aug 8, 2015.
Workers from Cincinnati Children’s Hospital were asked to help inject nutrients directly into her bloodstream.
Workers from all over Algeria have come to work in Algiers.
Workers in France receive four weeks of paid vacation each year.
Workers in these factories comprise a large percentage of immigrants.
Workers like to feel like they are more than a cog in a machine.
Workers lost their jobs.
Workers made loud demands for higher wages.
Workers make everything under any economic system.
Workers move quickly down the stalls, cleaning the cows' teats and attaching the milking hoses.
Workers must have a place to invest their hard-earned savings that provides an appropriate balance of risk and return, and many private sector providers do not offer retirement savings options tailored to smaller balance savers.
Workers must have their hair cut short.
Workers of all lands, unite!
Workers of the world - unite!
Workers of the world, unite!
Workers on low salaries can apply for income support.
Workers pulled together and asked the management for a raise.
Workers put up with silly rules for a long time.
Workers returning from their holidays are finding out that they've lost their jobs.
Workers struggled as factories closed.
Workers unite, and bring down the capitalists!
Workers want higher wages.
Workers' compensation due to strain injuries was undervalued.
Working 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, the project is moving ahead on schedule, to open in 2014, coinciding with the 100th anniversary of the Panama Canal. The celebration, they say, will be colossal.
Working alone is boring.
Working alone is no fun.
Working at home, parents can spend more time at home with their children.
Working at home, the stress of travelling to work disappears.
Working at the homeless shelter, Tom ladled soup from the giant pot to fill each bowl. Tom gave the homeless people two ladlefuls of soup each.
Working closely with Frank is the director of the film, Casey Kelly, who worked for more than 20 years writing screenplays for television and film before entering a program for women directors at the American Film Institute.
Working directly with local fishermen means customers get the freshest seafood, at a fairer price to fishermen.
Working for free is out of the question.
Working for more than 8 hours can harm your health for various reasons.
Working for peanuts is all very well.
Working four days a week is great for errands.
Working from home via computer can be lonely.
Working from the back room of a tiny Internet cafe, 23-year-old computer whiz Zelalem Tadesse has helped Yusuf and hundreds of others to register.
Working hard always calms my raging nerves down and really helps me in staying calm and mentally composed.
Working hard always feels nice to me.
Working hard for the sake of it is meaningless. That work must produce results.
Working hard has always been my happiness fix.
Working hard has always been my life addiction.
Working hard is my life oxygen.
Working hard is my most soothing therapy.
Working hard is my personal fuel engine to keep my mental health sane.
Working hard made Jack what he is.
Working hard makes you hungry.
Working hard or hardly working?
Working hard won't necessarily get you ahead.
Working harder and harder gets my own personal resolve even stronger each time.
Working here has its perks.
Working here is equal to dying of hunger.
Working here is pleasant.
Working in a Japanese company in China during a time like this is very interesting, but at the same time, slightly depressing.
Working in a building that was once a trolley barn, the students immerse themselves in an intense, hands-on program that trains them in traditional European craftsmanship – which many believe to be a vanishing art form.
Working in a fast food hamburger restaurant as a teenager was a depressing experience.
Working in a society gives women both hardship and achievement, but the daily chores at home don't seem to give them fulfillment.
Working in a society gives women both hardship and achievement, but the daily chores at home don’t seem to give them fulfillment.
Working in such conditions was especially difficult.
Working in teams, they use booklets and tools from specially-equipped backpacks to explore seven special areas in the conservatory, including the Rare and Endangered area, a World Desert, a Primeval Garden and a section devoted to medicinal plants.
Working in the Kremlin has been a lifelong dream of mine.
Working in the Kremlin has been my lifelong dream.
Working in the cowshed, the farmer's thoughts turn to his forthcoming family holiday.
Working in the garden is a struggle nature is eventually going to win.
Working in the jungle was horrendous.
Working in the store during the holidays was the worst.
Working makes us stronger.
Working memory has a limited capacity.
Working men drank hard apple cider.
Working needs patience.
Working never killed anyone, but why risk it?
Working on a video is a lot of fun, but takes a lot of time.
Working on movies is a lot of fun, but takes a lot of time.
Working on puzzles has helped me gain focus, determination, and patience.
Working on weekends is something I try not to do.
Working on weekends is something that I don't do.
Working on weekends is something that I don't like to do.
Working on weekends is something that I try not to do.
Working on weekends is something that I try to avoid doing.
Working on weekends is something that I try to avoid.
Working out is good for your health.
Working part-time at a supermarket, I found that some customers were polite whereas others weren't.
Working part-time at a supermarket, I found that some customers were polite whereas others weren’t.
Working part-time, I found that some customers were polite, whereas others were not.
Working shifts can be extremely disruptive to family life.
Working so long on the graveyard shift made his health suffer badly.
Working to excess will do you harm.
Working together pays off.
Working together, they cleaned the entire house in no time.
Working too hard can make you unhappy.
Working too much killed him.
Working with Elias was very harmonious.
Working with Tom is hard.
Working with mouse models of breast cancer, U.S. and German researchers discovered biomarkers to identify these abnormal, silent cancer cells that travel from the site of an early tumor and settle in the bone marrow or lungs.
Working, healthy people contribute to the reduction of medical expenses, the rise of the eligible age for benefits, and the curtailment of their costs.
Workmen are sanding down and repainting the walls at the Imam al-Jawad Secondary School in southern Baghdad.
Workmen used both Swedish feet and Amsterdam feet when constructing the ship.
Workout challenges include the plank challenge, the 100 skipping challenge and the flex challenge.
Workplaces are only for work.
Works are but means to make life meaningful, not the meaning of life itself.
Works of art stolen from Namibia during the colonial era were returned to the National Gallery during a formal ceremony in Windhoek.
Work–life balance is very important.
World Bank President Jim Kim warns that two-thirds of jobs in developing nations could be wiped out by automation, a situation that could boost conflict and refugee flows.
World Bank President Jim Yong Kim says the progress is remarkable at a time when the global economy has been growing lethargically. But he says growing inequality is slowing efforts to slash the worst kinds of poverty to just three percent of the global population by 2030.
World Children's Day has been celebrated on the 20th November since 1989.
World Diabetes Day is on the 14th November.
World Emoji Day is intended to celebrate the beloved icons that are increasingly used in online messaging.
World Health Day is celebrated each year on the World Health Organization’s founding day.
World Health Organization chief Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus urged people throughout the world Tuesday to stop stockpiling masks and other protective gear, saying they are needed by health workers who are fighting the coronavirus.
World Health Organization officials urged young people to fight the urge to go parties and other gatherings to help prevent new outbreaks of COVID-19.
World Mobile Congress.
World Poetry Day is March 21st.
World TB Day on March 24 marks the day in 1882 when German scientist Robert Koch announced the discovery of the bacteria that causes tuberculosis.
World War I began in the year 1914.
World War I broke out in 1914.
World War I broke out the following year.
World War I lasted from 1914 until 1918.
World War II came to an end in the 20th year of the Showa era.
World War II ended and the Olympics were revived in 1948 in London, but the losing countries of the war, Germany and Japan, were not invited.
World War II ended in 1945.
World War II lasted from 1939 to 1945.
World War II was carried on until 1945.
World War II was five times bloodier than World War I.
World War II was one of the greatest events in human history, and the war that shed the most blood.
World War One did not end quickly or easily.
World War One had ended just 15 years earlier.
World War Two broke out in 1939.
World War Two ended in 1945.
World champion and Olympic gold medalist Simone Biles has 19 medals to her name, but there's one accolade that's been out of her reach.
World history is required for graduation.
World leaders agreed to limit global warming to below 2 degrees Celsius in the 2015 U.N. Paris climate agreement and to aim for 1.5 degrees Celsius.
World leaders and members of the public have offered tributes to Prince Philip, the husband of Britain's Queen Elizabeth, who died Friday at the age of 99.
World peace is something all peoples want.
World politics are constantly changing.
World population has rapidly increased.
World war has become less likely because of global economic interdependence. It's not like the 1940's.
World war two broke out in 1939.
World-record sprinter and eight-time Olympic gold medalist Usain Bolt is self-quarantining at home in Jamaica, after testing positive for the coronavirus.
Worldwide, Muslims are committed to stopping terrorism.
Worldwide, experts say one and a half billion adults are overweight. Another half-billion are obese. At current rates, about half of all American adults could be obese by twenty-thirty. In Britain, obesity rates could reach forty-eight percent for men and forty-three percent for women.
Worldwide, most hepatitis B infections happen in children. Young children are the ones most likely to develop a lifelong infection. The W.H.O. estimates that more than three hundred fifty million people are chronically infected with the virus.
Worldwide, nearly a third of deaths stemming from heart problems are connected to smoking, the WHO said.
Worm castings continually enrich the soil.
Wormholes allow spaceships to travel throughout the galaxy.
Worms are sometimes beneficial for the ground.
Worms are sometimes beneficial to soil.
Worms can be good for the soil.
Worn on the neck, the device records central blood pressure in the carotid artery, internal jugular vein and external jugular vein.
Worried about the potential toxicity of the centipede bite, Miroslav rushed to the nearest hospital.
Worried people are always restless.
Worried, the shopkeeper ran over and kneeled beside Dima, who was breathing heavily - his forehead covered in sweat.
Worries aged him rapidly.
Worries are like ghosts - those who aren't afraid of them can't suffer at their hands.
Worries don't drown in alcohol. They know how to swim.
Worry affected his health.
Worry eats away at the soul.
Worry has made her look ten years older.
Worry often gives a small thing a large shadow.
Worry turned his hair white.
Worrying about every single thing you do isn't worth my time.
Worrying about that's been keeping me awake at night.
Worrying about the pimple's visibility, Rodrigo squeezed it, hoping to minimize its appearance.
Worrying causes gray hair.
Worrying deprived him of sleep.
Worrying deprived me of sleep last night.
Worrying doesn't hurt.
Worrying doesn't take away tomorrow's concerns, but it does take away today's power.
Worrying doesn’t take away tomorrow’s concerns, but it does take away today’s power.
Worrying is a waste of energy.
Worrying is like a rocking chair; it gives you something to do but doesn't get you anywhere.
Worrying is like paying a debt you don't owe.
Worrying is like paying a debt you don’t owe.
Worrying isn't going to help.
Worrying never did anyone any good.
Worrying never does you any good.
Worrying robs one's sleep; groaning robs one's beauty.
Worrying will do you no good.
Worrying will send you grey, but it won't achieve anything.
Worrying won’t help her succeed.
Worse is always possible.
Worse is better.
Worse still than lawnmowers are leaf blowers, I find.
Worse still than lawnmowers are leaf blowers, I reckon.
Worse still was the mean-spirited stuff that it was OK for my friends to know about, but the thought of anyone else knowing about it made me itch with shame.
Worse than a simple fool is a fool believing himself intelligent.
Worse than anything was the terrible hunger she felt, and she could not stoop down to break a bit of bread off the loaf she was standing on.
Worse things happen at sea.
Worse things have happened to both of us.
Worse times are expected.
Worsening climate shocks in the Sahel in particular, have fueled drought and flooding, lowered crop yields and contributed to a general deterioration in public services for one of the world’s worst displacement crises.
Worship God alone.
Worship God with all your heart.
Worship God with all your soul.
Worship God.
Worship the Creator, not the creation.
Worst day ever!
Worth and price are different things.
Worth and price aren't the same thing.
Worth comes from within, not from others' opinions.
Worth is not determined by external achievements.
Worth special consideration are the last lines of the essay.
Worthless people live only to eat and drink.
Worthy or not, my life is my subject, and my subject is my life.
Would $300 be enough?
Would $300 help?
Would 1000 yen be sufficient?
Would 2:30 be convenient for you?
Would 8:30 be convenient for you?
Would 9 o'clock be all right?
Would 9 o’clock be all right?
Would Algeria lose in that situation?
Would English be phonetically consistent if we added accents on every word, each one always giving a consistent pronunciation?
Would French ants eat camembert?
Would God, I were the tender apple blossom, That floats and falls from off the twisted bough, To lie and faint within your silken bosom, Within your silken bosom as that does now.
Would I be able to do it?
Would I be able to do that?
Would I be allowed to change it?
Would I be arrested if I did that?
Would I be eligible for that?
Would I be fired if I did that?
Would I deceive you?
Would I do it again? No, I don't think so.
Would I do something like that?
Would I kid you?
Would I lie to you?
Would I look good with a mustache?
Would I only were younger.
Would I only work on weekends if I could? Of course, I would.
Would I tell a lie?
Would I try to do it?
Would Jesus, peace be upon him, endorse this?
Would King Albert have an affair with Princess Diana? I think not. He's too fat.
Would King Albert have an affair with Princess Diana? I think not. He’s too fat.
Would Louis XV not have given up all his kingdom to rise from his coffin and have three days of youth and life?
Would Mary care if we started eating before she got here?
Would Mary do that by herself?
Would Mary do that on her own?
Would Mary go swimming by herself?
Would Obama be a good president for France?
Would Putin jail Prigozhin?
Would Sami be violent if provoked?
Would Tom accept your help if you offered it?
Would Tom agree to do that?
Would Tom agree to this?
Would Tom and Mary care if we started eating before they got here?
Would Tom and Mary do that by themselves?
Would Tom and Mary do that on their own?
Would Tom and Mary do that?
Would Tom and Mary go swimming by themselves?
Would Tom be able to do that for us?
Would Tom be able to do that?
Would Tom be able to help Mary?
Would Tom be able to help us do that?
Would Tom be able to help us?
Would Tom be able to help?
Would Tom be afraid to do that?
Would Tom be better off without Mary?
Would Tom be interested in going with us?
Would Tom be surprised if Mary did that?
Would Tom be willing to do that for us?
Would Tom be willing to do that?
Would Tom care if I did that?
Would Tom care if I didn't do that?
Would Tom care if Mary ate lunch with me?
Would Tom care if Mary did that?
Would Tom care if Mary didn't do that?
Would Tom care if we did that?
Would Tom care if we didn't do that?
Would Tom care if we started eating before he got here?
Would Tom do it?
Would Tom do that by himself?
Would Tom do that on his own?
Would Tom do that?
Would Tom do this?
Would Tom ever agree to do that?
Would Tom ever consider doing that?
Would Tom ever do that?
Would Tom ever lie to you?
Would Tom go along with that?
Would Tom go swimming by himself?
Would Tom have done it that way?
Would Tom help us if we asked?
Would Tom hurt Mary?
Would Tom hurt me?
Would Tom hurt you?
Would Tom kill me?
Would Tom leave without Mary?
Would Tom let me do that?
Would Tom let me wear this?
Would Tom let you drive his car?
Would Tom lie to us?
Would Tom lie to you?
Would Tom like it?
Would Tom like that?
Would Tom like to do that instead?
Would Tom like to marry Mary?
Would Tom mind if we didn't do that?
Would Tom move out?
Would Tom need to go to Boston?
Would Tom really buy that for you?
Would Tom really do something like that?
Would Tom really do that for Mary?
Would Tom really do that for us?
Would Tom really do that for you?
Would Tom really do that?
Would Tom really eat this?
Would Tom really leave?
Would Tom really lie to us about that?
Would Tom really sing for us?
Would Tom really want to do that?
Would Tom still be able to do that for us?
Would Tom still be willing to do that for us?
Would Tom still be willing to do that?
Would Tom try to do that?
Would Tom want to do that?
Would Tom want to sing?
Would Tom write something like this?
Would Your Grace care for a dance?
Would Your Grace care to join us for the ball?
Would Your Majesty care for a walk in the gardens?
Would Your Majesty care for another glass of wine?
Would a child do such a cruel thing?
Would a couple of sandwiches for breakfast be all right for you?
Would a little extra time help?
Would a mix of vinegar and oil count as a heterogeneous mixture?
Would a moustache really suit me?
Would a postponement help?
Would a toaster, that's unable to move, mind being locked in a cage?
Would after lunch be convenient for you?
Would all the mothers please wait here?
Would an extraterrestrial culture be more similar to or more different than Earth's?
Would any of the women you know wear something like this?
Would anybody care for brandy?
Would anybody care if we didn't do that?
Would anybody like another piece of cake?
Would anybody like more coffee?
Would anybody like more soup?
Would anybody like some coffee?
Would anybody like to make a prediction?
Would anyone actually want this job?
Would anyone be kind enough to translate this sentence into their native language?
Would anyone care if Tom did that?
Would anyone care if Tom didn't do that?
Would anyone care if we did that?
Would anyone care if we didn't do that?
Would anyone else like to say anything?
Would anyone else like to speak?
Would anyone like a beer?
Would anyone like a lift?
Would anyone like a snack?
Would anyone like a transfer?
Would anyone like another piece of cake?
Would anyone like more coffee?
Would anyone like more soup?
Would anyone like some coffee?
Would anyone like some wine?
Would anyone like these?
Would anyone like to add anything?
Would anyone like to comment on that?
Would anyone like to play tennis?
Would anyone like to say anything about that?
Would anyone mind if I turned on some lights?
Would banning English in Parliament foster or damage India's democracy?
Would be nice if it were like that!
Would cats know how to fly if they had wings?
Would doing that be difficult?
Would doing that be easy?
Would doing that be hard?
Would doing that be possible?
Would doing that be worthwhile?
Would doing that make any sense?
Would doing that make you feel better?
Would doing that make you happy?
Would domestic peace be plunged into jeopardy?
Would either of you be interested in going on a blind date with one of my friends?
Would either of you like anything?
Would either of you like coffee?
Would either of you like to join us?
Would either of you want this?
Would everyone please stay in the room?
Would everyone please take a seat?
Would extraterrestrial cultures be so different like between ostriches and spiders?
Would faster-than-light travel be possible in the future? We know that in current science, it seems impossible. There are possible workarounds like folding spacetime itself. The Japanese-American physicist Michio Kaku advocates teleportation.
Would he act like that today?
Would he be so generous to those in need if he hadn't experienced the devastating effects of poverty firsthand as a child?
Would he like that?
Would he like to book a trip to Australia?
Would he like to make reservations for a trip to Australia?
Would if be OK if I used your car today?
Would if be OK with you if I made spaghetti tonight?
Would it OK if I go over to Tom's house to play?
Would it OK with you if I did that?
Would it OK with you if I didn't do that?
Would it be OK for me to use that?
Would it be OK if I asked you a few questions?
Would it be OK if I asked you a personal question?
Would it be OK if I asked you a question?
Would it be OK if I asked you something?
Would it be OK if I asked your daughter to the dance?
Would it be OK if I ate one of these cookies?
Would it be OK if I ate one of these donuts?
Would it be OK if I ate the last slice of pizza?
Would it be OK if I ate this apple?
Would it be OK if I borrowed these books?
Would it be OK if I borrowed this dictionary?
Would it be OK if I borrowed your bicycle tomorrow afternoon?
Would it be OK if I borrowed your ladder?
Would it be OK if I borrowed your umbrella?
Would it be OK if I brought some friends with me?
Would it be OK if I called you tonight?
Would it be OK if I came early?
Would it be OK if I came over to your place after work?
Would it be OK if I came to the ceremony?
Would it be OK if I continued doing this my own way?
Would it be OK if I crashed on your sofa tonight?
Would it be OK if I cut down that tree?
Would it be OK if I did that today?
Would it be OK if I did that?
Would it be OK if I did this later?
Would it be OK if I didn't come in to the office today?
Would it be OK if I didn't come tomorrow?
Would it be OK if I didn't do that today?
Would it be OK if I didn't do that?
Would it be OK if I didn't go to Boston with you this Christmas?
Would it be OK if I didn't go to school today?
Would it be OK if I didn't go to school tomorrow?
Would it be OK if I didn't invite Tom to my party?
Would it be OK if I discussed it with my family?
Would it be OK if I discussed it with my wife?
Would it be OK if I drank a little more tea?
Would it be OK if I examined that document a little more closely?
Would it be OK if I exchanged this one for another one?
Would it be OK if I followed you there?
Would it be OK if I gave Tom one of these?
Would it be OK if I gave Tom some money?
Would it be OK if I gave Tom this old suitcase?
Would it be OK if I gave some money to Tom?
Would it be OK if I give Tom one of these?
Would it be OK if I hugged you?
Would it be OK if I invited Tom over for dinner?
Would it be OK if I kissed you?
Would it be OK if I left early today?
Would it be OK if I left my suitcase here?
Would it be OK if I left work early today?
Would it be OK if I left?
Would it be OK if I let Tom do that?
Would it be OK if I made a few suggestions?
Would it be OK if I moved these boxes out of here?
Would it be OK if I opened a window?
Would it be OK if I opened the curtains?
Would it be OK if I opened the window?
Would it be OK if I played your guitar?
Would it be OK if I played your piano?
Would it be OK if I put this over there?
Would it be OK if I sat here?
Would it be OK if I sat in the back?
Would it be OK if I sat next to the window?
Would it be OK if I sat on this bench with you?
Would it be OK if I sat with you?
Would it be OK if I slept on your sofa tonight?
Would it be OK if I smoked here?
Would it be OK if I smoked?
Would it be OK if I stayed a little longer?
Would it be OK if I stayed behind?
Would it be OK if I stayed for a few more hours?
Would it be OK if I stayed here for a while?
Would it be OK if I stayed home today?
Would it be OK if I stopped doing this?
Would it be OK if I studied here?
Would it be OK if I take a couple of days off to visit my family?
Would it be OK if I threw these empty boxes away?
Would it be OK if I tied my boat to your pier?
Would it be OK if I told Tom he didn't have to come?
Would it be OK if I told Tom that he didn't have to come?
Would it be OK if I told Tom that he didn't need to help us?
Would it be OK if I told Tom that?
Would it be OK if I told Tom why?
Would it be OK if I took a quick shower?
Would it be OK if I took a vacation next week?
Would it be OK if I took one of these?
Would it be OK if I took some time off next week?
Would it be OK if I took your picture?
Would it be OK if I tried doing that?
Would it be OK if I tried on this jacket?
Would it be OK if I tried this jacket on?
Would it be OK if I turned off the lights?
Would it be OK if I turned off the radio?
Would it be OK if I turned the lights off?
Would it be OK if I turned the radio off?
Would it be OK if I used this?
Would it be OK if I used your computer?
Would it be OK if I visited your office tomorrow morning?
Would it be OK if I went home now?
Would it be OK if I went over to Tom's this afternoon?
Would it be OK if I went shopping by myself?
Would it be OK if I went swimming?
Would it be OK if I went to see Tom?
Would it be OK if I went to the zoo tomorrow?
Would it be OK if I wrote Tom a message telling him that he didn't need to be here tomorrow?
Would it be OK if Tom and I stayed here by ourselves?
Would it be OK if Tom and I went camping together?
Would it be OK if Tom and Mary come with me to your party?
Would it be OK if Tom and Mary come?
Would it be OK if Tom came, too?
Would it be OK if Tom comes with me to your party?
Would it be OK if Tom comes with us?
Would it be OK if Tom comes?
Would it be OK if Tom did that instead of me?
Would it be OK if Tom did that?
Would it be OK if Tom didn't do that?
Would it be OK if Tom stayed for dinner?
Would it be OK if Tom stayed in Boston with us next summer?
Would it be OK if we ate these oranges?
Would it be OK if we didn't do that?
Would it be OK if we left early?
Would it be OK if we spoke French instead?
Would it be OK if we stayed a little longer?
Would it be OK if we waited until tomorrow?
Would it be OK not to do that today?
Would it be OK not to do that?
Would it be OK to ask Tom to do that?
Would it be OK to ask Tom to sing another song?
Would it be OK to go home now?
Would it be OK to parked my car here?
Would it be OK with you if I accepted Tom's invitation?
Would it be OK with you if I did that?
Would it be OK with you if I didn't do that?
Would it be OK with you if we continued this conversation in French?
Would it be a good idea to do that?
Would it be a scam?
Would it be a spot in which, without fear of farmers, or hindrance, or ridicule, he could watch and wait, and set himself to some mighty undertaking like the men of old of whom he had heard?
Would it be all right if I came over tonight?
Would it be all right if I did that?
Would it be all right if I didn't do that?
Would it be all right if I didn't eat this?
Would it be all right if I don't do that today?
Would it be all right if I let Tom do that?
Would it be all right if I let Tom drive?
Would it be all right if I talked?
Would it be all right if I took your picture?
Would it be all right if I visited you today?
Would it be all right if I went swimming?
Would it be all right if I went?
Would it be all right if we waited until tomorrow?
Would it be alright to come to visit your place soon?
Would it be asking for too much if I asked you for a cup of coffee while my hair is being done and taken care of?
Would it be at all possible for me to do that?
Would it be better if I spoke French?
Would it be better if numbers were completely arbitrary and had no emotional associations?
Would it be better to do that now or later?
Would it be better to do that now or tomorrow?
Would it be better to do that today or tomorrow?
Would it be better to go by bus?
Would it be better to start early?
Would it be better to write Tom a letter? What do you think?
Would it be considered looting?
Would it be ethical to sacrifice one person to save many?
Would it be fair to say you have a problem controlling your anger?
Would it be fair to the others?
Would it be faster to get there by taxi or by subway?
Would it be inappropriate to take them with me?
Would it be okay if I left?
Would it be okay if we went out to eat together this time?
Would it be okay to buy this? It isn't very expensive...
Would it be possible for me to bring Tom?
Would it be possible for me to get a cup of coffee?
Would it be possible for me to get something to drink?
Would it be possible for me to take a few days off next week?
Would it be possible for me to talk to Tom?
Would it be possible for us to do that today?
Would it be possible for us to see further than our knowledge reaches, perhaps we would endure our sadness with greater confidence than our pleasures.
Would it be possible for us to talk to Tom?
Would it be possible for you to do that for me?
Would it be possible for you to do that today?
Would it be possible for you to do that?
Would it be possible to book a taxi for tomorrow morning?
Would it be possible to change my reservation now?
Would it be possible to have some water?
Would it be possible to meet at 2:30?
Would it be possible to replace a man's tooth with one from an animal?
Would it be possible to set up a meeting with us on April 5 or 6?
Would it be possible to set up a meeting with us on April fifth or sixth?
Would it be possible to write mountain in persian?
Would it be possible to write the difference in slovak?
Would it be possible?
Would it be real?
Would it be really bad if I did that?
Would it be really bad if we did that?
Would it be sacrilegious to make a chair from a bier?
Would it be too much to ask?
Would it be worth it?
Would it be?
Would it bother you if I smoke?
Would it bother you if I smoked here?
Would it bother you if I smoked?
Would it bother you if I told you that I started a business with my ex?
Would it bother you if we left?
Would it bother you if your boyfriend had pubic hair?
Would it have been any different?
Would it have been better if Tom hadn't been there?
Would it have killed you to call me first?
Would it have made a difference?
Would it have made any difference if I had been there?
Would it have made any difference?
Would it have worked?
Would it help if I gave you more time?
Would it help if I gave you some money?
Would it help if I talked to Tom?
Would it help if I turned on the light?
Would it help if I turned on the lights?
Would it help if I turned the lights on?
Would it help if Tom went with you?
Would it help me?
Would it help to know I had trouble with this too while I was learning it?
Would it help to talk about it?
Would it hurt to die?
Would it inconvenience you to go yourself?
Would it kill you to be a little nicer?
Would it kill you to do a little work?
Would it kill you to give me your liver?
Would it kill you to say "Please"?
Would it kill you to visit me once in a while?
Would it make a difference if I stayed?
Would it make any difference?
Would it make any sense to do that?
Would it make you feel uncomfortable to tell me about that?
Would it make you happy to live the life that you're now living for all eternity?
Would it matter if Tom didn't do that?
Would it not then have been the same if he had died of a fever or of the small pox, of old age, or of anything else?
Would it really be that easy?
Would it really have been that easy?
Would it really have made any difference if I'd been there?
Would it suffice if I came around 7?
Would it trouble you to come and see me tomorrow?
Would it work?
Would kids find this scary?
Would like a soda or something?
Would madam be so kind as to sit down? Henrietta, see to it that these ladies are seated. I am in a hurry, my dear, and have not the time to sit down myself.
Would madam care to sit down? Henriette, please see to it that the ladies are seated. I'm in a hurry, my dear, and I haven't got time to sit down.
Would mind if I did that today?
Would my sister really try to poison me?
Would nine o'clock be convenient for Tom?
Would nine o'clock be convenient for you?
Would not I gladly barter all heaven for one hour of your love on earth?
Would not you reckon the alchymist for a god, that could add ten years to the sum of your life, and call back advanced age to the vigour of youth?
Would one of you be willing to lend me your bicycle for twenty minutes or so?
Would one of you please tell me how to do this?
Would one of you please tell me where I can park my car?
Would one of you please tell me why I can't join your club?
Would only one be enough?
Would panpsychism mean life is ubiquitous even on barren desert planets?
Would passengers on platform 1 please make their way to platform 5 if they wish to catch the 9.15 train to Birmingham.
Would people complain about that?
Would regulating the potency of marijuana create new opportunities for the black market?
Would she like it?
Would she like that?
Would she like to book a trip to Australia?
Would she like to make reservations for a trip to Australia?
Would six o'clock be convenient for you?
Would six o'clock suit you?
Would six suit you?
Would some extraterrestrial cultures be more similar to Earth's, whilst others be more different?
Would somebody look after Tom?
Would somebody look after her?
Would somebody look after him?
Would somebody look after them?
Would somebody please tell me what's going on here?
Would somebody please tell me what's going on?
Would someone be allowed to enter a Catholic church as naked as Adam and Eve were created?
Would someone else like to eat?
Would someone kindly link sentence No. 1 to sentence No. 2?
Would someone mind telling me what's going on?
Would someone please help me?
Would someone please tell me what this is?
Would someone please tell me what's going on here?
Would someone please translate this sentence into French?
Would someone please wake me up at 2:30?
Would someone shut him up?
Would someone tell me what's going on here?
Would someone tell me what's going on?
Would spaghetti be OK, or would you rather eat something else?
Would that I had married her!
Would that I had met you then.
Would that I were his little kid that he might take me in his arms!
Would that I were young again.
Would that Orestes were near.
Would that be OK with you?
Would that be OK?
Would that be Tom?
Would that be a plan worth considering?
Would that be a point worth considering?
Would that be acceptable?
Would that be all right?
Would that be allowed?
Would that be an idea worth considering?
Would that be called recycling?
Would that be difficult?
Would that be fair?
Would that be important?
Would that be more acceptable?
Would that be nice?
Would that be possible?
Would that be suitable?
Would that be too complicated?
Would that be wise?
Would that have been hard?
Would that have made a difference?
Would that have made it better?
Would that he were here to help us.
Would that help?
Would that it were true!
Would that make a difference?
Would that make you feel any better?
Would that make you feel better?
Would that make you happy?
Would that my father had lived longer.
Would that our father were here to help us.
Would that really be so bad?
Would that solve the problem?
Would that the thoughts in my head would come out like a receipt from a cash register.
Would that the trees might speak on behalf of all things that have roots, and punish those that wrong them!
Would that the trees might wish to speak, instead of only making noise all the time.
Would that we had more time.
Would that we had tried earlier.
Would the cat have scratched you if you hadn't annoyed it?
Would the girls please bring the donation boxes up to the stage?
Would the kids eat fish?
Would the lady like some more coffee?
Would the last one out please close the door?
Would the members of the floor please stand up?
Would the person who pranged into the back of my car please own up?
Would the two of you please be quiet?
Would the two of you quit bickering?
Would the two of you quit fighting?
Would the two of you shut up?
Would there be traitor among us?
Would they be able to come up with an alternative?
Would they be smaller?
Would they charge you for that?
Would they dare?
Would they do that?
Would they drink water?
Would they have a size smaller?
Would they have left had we not intervened?
Would they have stayed longer?
Would they let us do that?
Would they like to book a trip to Australia?
Would they like to make reservations for a trip to Australia?
Would they recognize you?
Would this afternoon be OK?
Would this be a good time to do that?
Would this be acceptable to you?
Would this be acceptable?
Would this be possible?
Would this be useful to you?
Would this be worth something to you?
Would this match?
Would this work in French?
Would three o'clock be OK?
Would three o'clock be all right?
Would three o’clock be all right?
Would to God that it were true!
Would tonight be soon enough?
Would two o'clock be all right?
Would two o’clock be all right?
Would we be something beyond our emotions?
Would we have been so happy if they had won the competition?
Would we have done any better?
Would we reach the bus if we run?
Would worldwide xenoglossia of Esperanto be beneficial to humankind?
Would writing English sentences involving people using "they/them" pronouns be too confusing for English-learners whose native language has no sense of gender-neutral pronouns?
Would you abandon me?
Would you accept a Brazilian coffee?
Would you accept jujube juice instead of coconut water?
Would you accept my marriage proposal?
Would you accept those terms?
Would you accompany me to the conservatory, my lord?
Would you accompany me?
Would you agree to the plan in principle?
Would you agree with that?
Would you all excuse me?
Would you all like another cup of tea?
Would you all like some peanuts?
Would you all like to drink fruit juice or water?
Would you all like to share an orange with me?
Would you all like to share an orange?
Would you all please be quiet?
Would you all please go home?
Would you all please help me do this?
Would you all please leave?
Would you all please step outside?
Would you all relax?
Would you allow me to do that?
Would you allow me to make a suggestion?
Would you also like to make a wax figure?
Would you and your friends like to play basketball with us?
Would you answer a few questions?
Would you answer some questions for me?
Would you ask Tom to call me back, please?
Would you ask Tom to come here?
Would you ask Tom to come in?
Would you ask Tom to join us?
Would you ask Tom to talk to Mary?
Would you ask Tom why he is doing it?
Would you ask Tom why he's doing that?
Would you ask her to come in?
Would you ask her to join us?
Would you ask him to come in?
Would you ask him to join us?
Would you ask them to come in?
Would you ask them to join us?
Would you at least consider my idea?
Would you at least consider my plan?
Would you authorize me to record this conversation?
Would you be able to call a doctor for me?
Would you be able to come back here tomorrow at 14:30?
Would you be able to come back here tomorrow at 2:30 in the afternoon?
Would you be able to come back here tomorrow at 2:30?
Would you be able to come back here tomorrow?
Would you be able to come here again tomorrow?
Would you be able to come here tomorrow?
Would you be able to do it?
Would you be able to do that for me?
Would you be able to do that for us?
Would you be able to do that today?
Would you be able to do that, too?
Would you be able to do that?
Would you be able to feed my rabbits while I'm away?
Would you be able to help me do that?
Would you be able to look after my dog while I'm away?
Would you be able to take a picture of us?
Would you be able to write down the link to the site?
Would you be alright with that?
Would you be arrested if you did that?
Would you be careful with that?
Would you be disappointed if I didn't do that?
Would you be disappointed if we didn't do that?
Would you be fired if you did that?
Would you be friends with me?
Would you be good enough to buy that for Tom?
Would you be good enough to do it for me?
Would you be good enough to do that for Tom?
Would you be happier if I stayed?
Would you be happier with Tom?
Would you be happy to do that?
Would you be interested in a project you would really like to do?
Would you be interested in collaborating with us?
Would you be interested in coming with us?
Would you be interested in doing that?
Would you be interested in getting to know me better?
Would you be interested in going to Australia with us?
Would you be interested in going to Boston with us?
Would you be interested in going to Tom's party with me?
Would you be interested in having dinner with me?
Would you be interested in receiving Narcan for free upon discharge?
Would you be interested in this project?
Would you be interested in working for me?
Would you be interested?
Would you be kind enough to do that for me?
Would you be kind enough to explain it to me?
Would you be kind enough to pass the salt?
Would you be kind enough to put in a word for me?
Would you be kind enough to tell me the truth?
Would you be kind enough to write?
Would you be kind-hearted enough to lower the price a bit down on this product for me, please?
Would you be more comfortable on the sofa?
Would you be my emergency contact?
Would you be quiet, please?
Would you be quiet?
Would you be ready to?
Would you be reluctant to do that?
Would you be satisfied with that?
Would you be so kind as to answer a few questions?
Would you be so kind as to answer me?
Would you be so kind as to bring me a glass of water?
Would you be so kind as to close the door for me?
Would you be so kind as to close the window?
Would you be so kind as to give a glass of water?
Would you be so kind as to give me a glass of water?
Would you be so kind as to give me your phone number?
Would you be so kind as to help me?
Would you be so kind as to lend me your book?
Would you be so kind as to let him talk?
Would you be so kind as to let me borrow your cell phone, please?
Would you be so kind as to open the door for me?
Would you be so kind as to post my letter?
Would you be so kind as to repeat that?
Would you be so kind as to shut that window?
Would you be so kind as to shut the door for me?
Would you be so kind as to slice the pizza in three parts?
Would you be so kind as to tell me what happened?
Would you be so kind as to tell me why an old man like me has to show ID, here in Boston, just because I ordered a beer?
Would you be so kind as to tell me why you love him?
Would you be so kind as to translate this for me?
Would you be so kind as to turn off the radio?
Would you be so kind as to turn the light on?
Would you be so kind as to wake me at six tomorrow morning?
Would you be so kind as to wake me tomorrow morning at six?
Would you be surprised if I told you my name isn't actually Tom?
Would you be surprised if I told you that my name isn't actually Tom?
Would you be willing to bet your life on it?
Would you be willing to compromise?
Would you be willing to do me a favor?
Would you be willing to do that for us?
Would you be willing to do that?
Would you be willing to donate a kidney?
Would you be willing to explain what's going on?
Would you be willing to fix it for me?
Would you be willing to help me clean the garage?
Would you be willing to help me clean up after the party?
Would you be willing to help me on Monday?
Would you be willing to help us again next week?
Would you be willing to help us do that?
Would you be willing to help us?
Would you be willing to help?
Would you be willing to lend me enough money to buy a car?
Would you be willing to lower the price on this offer for me, please?
Would you be willing to move to Australia if we asked you to?
Would you be willing to sell me your viola?
Would you be willing to sell your viola to me?
Would you be willing to send me a sample free of charge?
Would you be willing to share your code with me?
Would you be willing to show me how to do that?
Would you be willing to volunteer at the animal shelter two or three days a week?
Would you be willing to walk with him every day?
Would you be willing to work in another country?
Would you be willing to work more than forty hours a week?
Would you be willing to work on Halloween?
Would you be willing to work on Saturday and Sunday this week?
Would you be willing to write a letter for me?
Would you believe if I told you?
Would you believe me if I told you I love you?
Would you believe me if I told you I loved you?
Would you believe me if I told you I'm a cyborg?
Would you believe me if I told you that I love you?
Would you believe me if I told you that I loved you?
Would you believe that such a small creature could bring a man so much joy?
Would you bet against Tom?
Would you both be quiet, please?
Would you both excuse me a moment?
Would you bring me a glass of red wine, please?
Would you bring me another one, please?
Would you bring me some salt?
Would you bring us some coffee, please?
Would you buy a car that sprayed soothing aromas when you are stuck in rush-hour traffic?
Would you buy a newspaper for me?
Would you buy a purple car?
Would you buy a ticket for me, too?
Would you buy me a ticket while you're at it?
Would you buy me a ticket, too?
Would you buy one if it were a little cheaper?
Would you buy one?
Would you buy that for Tom?
Would you buy that?
Would you buy this for me?
Would you call a doctor?
Would you call me for your wedding party?
Would you call the fire brigade to save an ant?
Would you call up my husband?
Would you calm down?
Would you care for a brandy?
Would you care for a cookie?
Would you care for a cup of tea?
Would you care for a dish of ice cream?
Would you care for a drink of punch?
Would you care for a drink?
Would you care for a lemonade?
Would you care for a little wine?
Would you care for a piece of pie?
Would you care for a stroll in the gardens, my lady?
Would you care for a taste?
Would you care for a walk after this?
Would you care for a walk in the park?
Would you care for another cup of coffee?
Would you care for another cup of tea, my lady?
Would you care for another cup of tea?
Would you care for another drink?
Would you care for another glass of beer?
Would you care for another sandwich?
Would you care for brandy?
Would you care for drinks?
Would you care for more coffee?
Would you care for more cookies?
Would you care for my plants while I'm away?
Would you care for my plants while I’m away?
Would you care for some brandy?
Would you care for some food?
Would you care for some milk and cookies?
Would you care for some more cake?
Would you care for some refreshments?
Would you care for some tea?
Would you care for something to drink?
Would you care for tea?
Would you care if Tom did that?
Would you care if Tom didn't do that?
Would you care to accompany me?
Would you care to bet?
Would you care to come and see me on Saturday?
Would you care to come with us?
Would you care to comment on the matter?
Would you care to comment?
Would you care to dance?
Would you care to elaborate?
Would you care to explain further?
Would you care to explain?
Would you care to expound?
Would you care to go for a walk?
Would you care to have a second helping? Well, that's exactly what I was about to ask you for next!
Would you care to join me for a drink?
Would you care to join me for dinner?
Would you care to join me for lunch?
Would you care to join me?
Would you care to join us for a drink?
Would you care to join us for dinner?
Would you care to join us for lunch?
Would you care to join us?
Would you care to leave a message?
Would you care to meet again?
Would you care to sit down?
Would you care to speculate?
Would you care to take a walk with me?
Would you care to try again?
Would you care to try one of these?
Would you care to try?
Would you carry my luggage upstairs?
Would you carry this down to the second floor for me?
Would you carry this up to the second floor for me?
Would you carry this upstairs for me?
Would you cash these travelers checks, please?
Would you change your past if you could?
Would you check the oil, please?
Would you check the tyres?
Would you check this?
Would you chew your food more, please?
Would you chill out?
Would you close the curtains, please?
Would you close the curtains?
Would you close the door on your way out?
Would you close the door, please?
Would you close the door?
Would you close the gate on your way out?
Would you close the gate, please?
Would you close the gate?
Would you close the window before you leave, please?
Would you close the window, please?
Would you close the window?
Would you close the windows before you leave, please?
Would you come back inside?
Would you come down from there?
Would you come for lunch?
Would you come here a moment?
Would you come here, please?
Would you come in, please?
Would you come over here and help me?
Would you come over here, please?
Would you come over here?
Would you come to my quarters?
Would you come to our house, Sarah?
Would you come to our house?
Would you come to the cinema with me?
Would you come with me, please?
Would you come with me?
Would you come with us, sir?
Would you come with us?
Would you condemn your friend for the same thing?
Would you confirm that?
Would you consider Mary attractive?
Would you consider Tom a good singer?
Would you consider Tom a traitor?
Would you consider being in a relationship with someone who has an odd fetish?
Would you consider being my lawyer?
Would you consider buying my house?
Would you consider doing that for me?
Would you consider emigrating?
Would you consider giving me a small loan?
Would you consider marrying me?
Would you consider marrying someone who hasn't graduated from high school?
Would you consider selling me your canoe?
Would you consider selling me your motorcycle?
Would you consider selling your motorcycle to me?
Would you consider taking care of my children next Saturday?
Would you consider this a good proposal?
Would you consider yourself an optimist or a pessimist?
Would you cook dinner for me?
Would you cover for Tom?
Would you cut it out?
Would you cut that crap out? I'm not in the mood for fun and games.
Would you cut that out already?
Would you cut that out?
Would you dare to?
Would you dare?
Would you date a man thirty years older than you?
Would you demonstrate the next problem at the board?
Would you describe yourself as a happy person?
Would you dice this courgette, please?
Would you die for Zionism?
Would you dine with me?
Would you do a favor for me?
Would you do it again?
Would you do it even if you got no money for it?
Would you do it for us?
Would you do it if Tom asked you for it?
Would you do it if Tom asked you to?
Would you do it with me?
Would you do it?
Would you do me a favor and give this to Tom?
Would you do me a favor and take this cup of coffee to Sami?
Would you do me a favor and tell Tom that I'll be late?
Would you do me a favor by moving that chair over to the corner so that I can sweep the floor?
Would you do me a favor, Tom?
Would you do me a favor?
Would you do me a favour, please?
Would you do me a favour?
Would you do me the honor of accompanying me tonight?
Would you do me the honor of dancing with me?
Would you do me the honor of telling me a little about your country?
Would you do me the honour of a moonlight stroll?
Would you do something for me?
Would you do that again if you had the chance?
Would you do that for Tom?
Would you do that for me if I asked you to?
Would you do that for me?
Would you do that for us?
Would you do that if I asked you to?
Would you do that if you had the chance?
Would you do that with Tom?
Would you do that with me?
Would you do that?
Would you do the same thing again?
Would you do this for me?
Would you donate a kidney?
Would you draw me a map?
Would you draw the curtains, please?
Would you draw the curtains?
Would you drink a gin and tonic if I made you one?
Would you drink a glass of cold beer?
Would you drink champagne?
Would you drop it?
Would you eat the last cookie on the plate if other people were watching?
Would you eat this?
Would you elaborate?
Would you enjoy working from home?
Would you even want to do that?
Would you ever accept a ride from a stranger?
Would you ever consider adopting a child?
Would you ever consider dating someone like me?
Would you ever consider dating your best friend's ex-boyfriend?
Would you ever consider dating your best friend’s ex-boyfriend?
Would you ever consider doing that?
Would you ever consider getting a tattoo?
Would you ever consider going out with someone like me?
Would you ever consider marrying a man twice your age?
Would you ever do that?
Would you ever doubt his loyalty?
Would you ever eat a cockroach?
Would you ever eat a hamster?
Would you ever eat live maggots? What about if I gave you $1,000?
Would you ever get a tattoo?
Would you ever go out with a guy who couldn't sing?
Would you ever go skinny dipping?
Would you ever have guessed the truth?
Would you ever kiss Tom?
Would you ever talk about something like that at school?
Would you ever want to do that?
Would you ever want to live here?
Would you excuse me a moment?
Would you excuse me a second?
Would you excuse me a second? I need to make a phone call.
Would you excuse me for a minute, please?
Would you excuse me for a moment?
Would you excuse me for a sec?
Would you excuse me for a second?
Would you excuse me for just a moment?
Would you excuse me for just one second?
Would you excuse me for one second?
Would you excuse me just one moment?
Would you excuse me, please?
Would you excuse me?
Would you excuse us for a minute, please?
Would you excuse us for a moment?
Would you excuse us for a second?
Would you excuse us for just a second, please?
Would you excuse us just a second?
Would you excuse us one moment?
Would you excuse us, please?
Would you excuse us?
Would you expect anything else?
Would you explain how you did that?
Would you explain it again?
Would you explain it in more detail?
Would you explain it in simpler terms?
Would you explain that chart to me?
Would you explain that diagram to me?
Would you explain that graph to me?
Would you explain the rules to me, please?
Would you explain this sentence to me?
Would you explain this to me?
Would you explain what this is?
Would you explain why?
Would you fancy a cup?
Would you fancy a game of Japanese chess?
Would you fetch me a glass of water?
Would you follow Tom's advice?
Would you follow her advice?
Would you follow his advice?
Would you follow me, please?
Would you follow me?
Would you forgive a betrayal of trust?
Would you forgive a betrayal?
Would you forgive a breach of trust?
Would you forgive me?
Would you fry a couple of eggs for me, too?
Would you gentlemen like to follow me?
Would you gents care for some refreshments?
Would you get Tom for me, please?
Would you get a look at that?
Would you get me a glass of water, please?
Would you get me a glass of water?
Would you get me something to drink?
Would you get out of here, please?
Would you get out of my light?
Would you get that, please?
Would you give Tom a message for me?
Would you give Tom a message, please?
Would you give Tom money?
Would you give Tom this for me?
Would you give her this for me?
Would you give him this for me?
Would you give it a rest?
Would you give it a try?
Would you give me Tom's address?
Would you give me Tom’s address?
Would you give me a break?
Would you give me a chance to explain?
Would you give me a cigarette?
Would you give me a cup of coffee?
Would you give me a different room?
Would you give me a discount?
Would you give me a few minutes alone with Tom?
Would you give me a hand here?
Would you give me a hand?
Would you give me a hint?
Would you give me a lift home?
Would you give me a lift there?
Would you give me a lift?
Would you give me a light, please?
Would you give me a ring me at 2.30, please?
Would you give me an example, please?
Would you give me permission to do that?
Would you give me some time to think about it?
Would you give me some travel brochures from your country?
Would you give me something cold to drink?
Would you give me the book?
Would you give me the honor of letting me carry you in my arms?
Would you give me the recipe for your salad?
Would you give me their address?
Would you give me your number?
Would you give me your phone number?
Would you give me your work number, please?
Would you give them this for me?
Would you give up nearly a decade of your life looking at your cellphone?
Would you give up your eyes for a million dollars? What about your ears?
Would you give up your seat to that elderly gentleman?
Would you give up?
Would you give us some privacy?
Would you go along with that?
Would you go back to Australia if you could?
Would you go back to Australia if you had the chance?
Would you go back to Boston if you could?
Would you go back to Boston if you had the chance?
Would you go mention that to Tom?
Would you go out with me, Rima?
Would you go out with me?
Would you go to Australia if you had the chance to?
Would you go to Australia if you had the chance?
Would you go to Boston if you had the chance to?
Would you go to Boston if you had the chance?
Would you go to college today?
Would you go to outer space, even if you could never return home?
Would you go to the beach with me?
Would you go to the prom with me?
Would you go to the school dance with me next week?
Would you go to the supermarket and get some butter?
Would you go to your room?
Would you go tomorrow if I went with you?
Would you go with me to the homecoming dance next week?
Would you guys be ready to?
Would you guys just shut up already?
Would you guys leave me alone?
Would you guys like to share an orange with me?
Would you guys like to share an orange?
Would you guys really want to do all that yourselves?
Would you guys shut up?
Would you hand me a screwdriver?
Would you hand me that?
Would you hand me the pepper?
Would you hand me the screwdriver?
Would you hand me the suitcase, please?
Would you hang the washing out please while I go and do the shopping?
Would you hang the washing out please? I'll do the shopping in return.
Would you happen to be married?
Would you happen to have a cigar?
Would you happen to have a little time?
Would you happen to know anything about that?
Would you happen to know if there's an ATM near here?
Would you happen to know what I'm supposed to do?
Would you happen to know what this is?
Would you happen to know where Tom bought those shoes?
Would you happen to know where Tom is?
Would you happen to know where Tom lives?
Would you happen to know where Tom was born?
Would you happen to know where Tom went?
Would you happen to know why Tom was late?
Would you have Tom come to my office, please?
Would you have a daisy for me?
Would you have a double room and a single room for tomorrow evening?
Would you have a pair in size 42?
Would you have a suggestion?
Would you have a table free at nine?
Would you have acted differently?
Would you have another cup of tea?
Would you have any idea where Tom is?
Would you have asked me this question if I had been a man?
Would you have been able to do any better?
Would you have been able to do it?
Would you have been able to do that?
Would you have been able to do what Tom did?
Would you have been any less worried if I hadn't told you where I was going?
Would you have been more worried if I hadn't told you where I was going?
Would you have been surprised if you had seen her on the street?
Would you have believed that?
Would you have come to visit me if I had invited you?
Would you have courage to do that?
Would you have dinner with me this evening?
Would you have dinner with me tonight?
Would you have done it that way?
Would you have done it the way Tom did it?
Would you have done it?
Would you have done that if you didn't have to?
Would you have done that if you hadn't been ordered to?
Would you have done that that way?
Would you have done that the same way Tom did?
Would you have done that the way Tom did?
Would you have done that?
Would you have done the same?
Would you have done things differently?
Would you have done what Tom did?
Would you have eaten more if there'd been more to eat?
Would you have helped me a little, it would have been nice.
Would you have helped me if I'd asked you to?
Would you have known that?
Would you have liked the dress if it had been a darker color?
Would you have liked to live with Tom?
Would you have lunch with me today?
Would you have sex with me for a million dollars?
Would you have some time on Monday to come over and help me move my piano?
Would you have some time to help me tomorrow?
Would you have the same but in a different colour?
Would you have the same thing?
Would you have time on Monday to do that?
Would you have time to come over this afternoon?
Would you have time to do that tomorrow?
Would you have time to drop this off at Tom's on your way to work?
Would you have time to fix this flat tire now?
Would you have time to have lunch with me?
Would you have time to help me this afternoon?
Would you have time to help me with it?
Would you have time to help me with something?
Would you have travelled by train if the bus came near your house?
Would you have waited for me?
Would you have wanted to come if he'd been here?
Would you help Tom find his keys?
Would you help a stranger?
Would you help carry this up?
Would you help me a bit, please?
Would you help me carry this upstairs?
Would you help me carry this?
Would you help me clean the bedroom?
Would you help me do this?
Would you help me for a minute?
Would you help me if I moved?
Would you help me look for my keys?
Would you help me move these beer kegs?
Would you help me move this?
Would you help me out here?
Would you help me out?
Would you help me plant these bulbs?
Would you help me plant these seeds?
Would you help me plant these?
Would you help me post these letters?
Would you help me post this letter?
Would you help me translate that into French?
Would you help me with my pension?
Would you help me with my suitcases?
Would you help me, please?
Would you help me?
Would you hire me?
Would you hold on a minute?
Would you hold this for me, please?
Would you hold this for me?
Would you hook up to the experience machine?
Would you inform Tom about the changes?
Would you introduce me to your boss?
Would you introduce me to your friend, Mr Murphy?
Would you introduce yourself?
Would you join me for a walk?
Would you join me for lunch?
Would you join me for some ballroom dancing?
Would you join me for tea, Your Grace?
Would you join me in a drink?
Would you join me to the concert next week?
Would you just get on with it?
Would you just get out of here?
Would you just leave me alone?
Would you just listen?
Would you just look at me for a second?
Would you just move along a bit, please?
Would you just shut up?
Would you just stop with all your shenanigans?
Would you just tell Mary what she did was wrong?
Would you just tell Tom and Mary what they did was wrong?
Would you just tell Tom what he did was wrong?
Would you just try to relax?
Would you keep this baggage, please?
Would you kindly calm him down?
Would you kindly come here at nine?
Would you kindly explain to me why you're late?
Would you kindly let me off at the nearest station?
Would you kindly look at this?
Would you kindly make room for this old woman?
Would you kindly quote your best price?
Would you kindly speak a little softer?
Would you kindly switch off the radio?
Would you kindly tell me a bit about your parents?
Would you kindly tell me what happened?
Would you know a cheap hotel in the near?
Would you know anything about that, Tom?
Would you know how to translate these hieroglyphs?
Would you know if Tom is allowed to do that?
Would you know if Tom is permitted to do that?
Would you know if anything is missing?
Would you know where there is a pharmacy that is open till late?
Would you ladies care for some refreshments?
Would you ladies mind if we join you?
Would you leave empty-handed?
Would you leave her alone?
Would you leave me alone?
Would you leave that girl alone?
Would you leave that girl alone? She doesn't want to talk to you.
Would you leave that girl alone? She has already told you that she doesn't want to talk to you.
Would you leave the door open, please?
Would you leave us alone for a few minutes?
Would you leave us alone now?
Would you leave us alone, please?
Would you leave your husband for me?
Would you leave your wife for me?
Would you leave your wife to travel with me?
Would you leave, please?
Would you lend Tom money?
Would you lend me a hand, Taro?
Would you lend me a hand?
Would you lend me a pencil?
Would you lend me some money?
Would you lend me that book?
Would you lend me the latest issue of the magazine?
Would you lend me thirty dollars?
Would you lend me your bicycle?
Would you lend me your car if you had it?
Would you lend me your dictionary?
Would you lend me your guitar to use tonight on stage?
Would you lend me your knife?
Would you lend me your pen for a minute?
Would you lend me your pen?
Would you lend me your pencil?
Would you lend money to Tom?
Would you lend your dictionary to me?
Would you let me borrow your car if you had one?
Would you let me copy your maths homework, Tom?
Would you let me do it?
Would you let me do my job?
Would you let me do that for you?
Would you let me drive your car if you had one?
Would you let me go?
Would you let me know when Tom and Mary come?
Would you let me know when Tom comes?
Would you let me know when she comes?
Would you let me think about it for a while?
Would you let me through?
Would you let us by, please?
Would you lie for me?
Would you like Mary to do that by herself?
Would you like Original Recipe or Extra Crispy?
Would you like Tom and Mary to do that by themselves?
Would you like Tom to do that by himself?
Would you like Tom to do that for you?
Would you like Tom to do that with you?
Would you like Tom to do that?
Would you like Tom to help you?
Would you like a bag?
Would you like a balloon?
Would you like a banana?
Would you like a bath?
Would you like a beer?
Would you like a belt made of genuine leather?
Would you like a belt with a fancy buckle?
Would you like a belt with a removable buckle?
Would you like a belt with a reversible design?
Would you like a belt with an engraved buckle?
Would you like a bib?
Would you like a bigger one?
Would you like a bit more?
Would you like a bit of milk in your tea?
Would you like a bite?
Would you like a blowjob?
Would you like a brandy?
Would you like a cappuccino?
Would you like a case for your new pair of glasses?
Would you like a chocolate chip cookie?
Would you like a chocolate sundae?
Would you like a chocolate?
Would you like a cigar?
Would you like a coffee?
Would you like a cold beer?
Would you like a colorful belt for your dress?
Would you like a cookie, Yanni?
Would you like a cookie?
Would you like a cough sweet? I've got some that are sage or lemon-flavour.
Would you like a cup of coffee?
Would you like a cup of hot tea?
Would you like a cup of milk?
Would you like a cup of tea now?
Would you like a cup of tea?
Would you like a cupcake?
Would you like a cuppa?
Would you like a dash of milk in your tea?
Would you like a dish of ice cream?
Would you like a dog?
Would you like a draft beer?
Would you like a draught beer?
Would you like a drink of water?
Would you like a drink while we wait for the others to arrive?
Would you like a drink?
Would you like a free sample?
Would you like a furnished or an unfurnished flat?
Would you like a furnished or unfurnished house?
Would you like a furnished or unfurnished room?
Would you like a gift wrapping?
Would you like a gift?
Would you like a gin rickey?
Would you like a glass of OJ with your breakfast?
Would you like a glass of juice?
Would you like a glass of milk?
Would you like a glass of orange juice with your breakfast?
Would you like a glass of red wine?
Would you like a glass of tea?
Would you like a glass of water?
Would you like a glass of white wine?
Would you like a glass of wine with your meal or a beer instead?
Would you like a glass of wine with your meal?
Would you like a glass of wine?
Would you like a glass? There's one on the table.
Would you like a hamburger?
Would you like a job?
Would you like a lift?
Would you like a little bit more?
Would you like a little company?
Would you like a little help?
Would you like a little more salad?
Would you like a little?
Would you like a mint?
Would you like a molasses cookie?
Would you like a mug of milk?
Would you like a newspaper or magazine?
Would you like a nice big piece of apple pie?
Would you like a painting or a sculpture?
Would you like a pancake?
Would you like a piece of bread with your meal?
Would you like a piece of cake?
Would you like a piece of candy?
Would you like a piece of gum?
Would you like a piece of pie?
Would you like a piece of toast?
Would you like a pillow?
Would you like a pint?
Would you like a place by window or by passage?
Would you like a plastic bag or a paper bag?
Would you like a plastic or paper bag?
Would you like a pretzel?
Would you like a receipt?
Would you like a refill?
Would you like a ride?
Would you like a room with a bath or a shower?
Would you like a root beer float?
Would you like a salad?
Would you like a sample free of charge?
Would you like a sandwich?
Would you like a seat?
Would you like a second helping?
Would you like a second opinion?
Would you like a second serving?
Would you like a shot of tequila?
Would you like a shoulder massage?
Would you like a simple screwdriver or a Phillips screwdriver?
Would you like a single or a double?
Would you like a single room?
Would you like a sip of water?
Would you like a slice of pitaya?
Would you like a slice of watermelon?
Would you like a small coffee?
Would you like a soda?
Would you like a spoon or a fork?
Would you like a spoon?
Would you like a spot of tea with your scone?
Would you like a stick of gum?
Would you like a straw?
Would you like a swig of water?
Would you like a taste of this?
Would you like a taste?
Would you like a throat lozenge? I've got sage or lemon-flavour.
Would you like a tissue?
Would you like a tour?
Would you like a towel?
Would you like a tranquilizer?
Would you like a vegetarian pizza?
Would you like a waffle?
Would you like a whole or half portion?
Would you like a window or aisle seat?
Would you like a window seat or a seat on the aisle?
Would you like a window seat?
Would you like access to that cafe?
Would you like an antihistamine?
Would you like an autograph?
Would you like an explanation?
Would you like an olive?
Would you like an orange?
Would you like another apple?
Would you like another beer?
Would you like another biscuit?
Would you like another blanket?
Would you like another brandy?
Would you like another cat?
Would you like another cookie?
Would you like another cup of coffee?
Would you like another cup of tea?
Would you like another drink?
Would you like another example?
Would you like another glass of ice tea?
Would you like another glass of juice?
Would you like another glass of water?
Would you like another glass of wine?
Would you like another helping of pie?
Would you like another helping of potatoes?
Would you like another helping?
Would you like another one?
Would you like another piece of cake?
Would you like another piece of pie?
Would you like another sandwich?
Would you like another serving?
Would you like another slice of pie?
Would you like another slice of pizza?
Would you like another wedge of pie?
Would you like any dessert?
Would you like any help?
Would you like any more coffee?
Would you like any more?
Would you like anything at all?
Would you like anything else to drink?
Would you like anything else?
Would you like anything to drink?
Would you like anything to eat?
Would you like anything?
Would you like bacon or sausage?
Would you like basil on your spaghetti?
Would you like big bills or small bills?
Would you like black tea or coffee?
Would you like bottled or draught beer?
Would you like bread?
Would you like chickpeas?
Would you like chips with that?
Would you like coffee or tea with your breakfast?
Would you like coffee or tea?
Would you like coffee with your dessert?
Would you like coffee, sir?
Would you like coffee?
Would you like company?
Would you like cookies with your tea?
Would you like cream in your coffee?
Would you like expedited shipping?
Would you like fish?
Would you like for me to buy that for you?
Would you like for me to carry that for you?
Would you like for me to change the lightbulb for you?
Would you like for me to do that for you?
Would you like for me to do that?
Would you like for me to drive you to the store?
Would you like for me to explain it to you?
Would you like for me to get you a cup of coffee?
Would you like for me to give you a chance?
Would you like for me to give you a ride?
Would you like for me to help you do that?
Would you like for me to help you find a job?
Would you like for me to help you?
Would you like for me to install it for you?
Would you like for me to leave?
Would you like for me to make you something to eat?
Would you like for me to show you how it's done?
Would you like for me to show you how to do that?
Would you like for me to teach you how to sew?
Would you like for me to tell you what really happened?
Would you like for me to visit you?
Would you like for me to walk you home?
Would you like fries with that?
Would you like go out for a drink after work?
Would you like half a chicken?
Would you like half a sandwich?
Would you like half my sandwich?
Would you like half of my sandwich?
Would you like help with your luggage?
Would you like help?
Would you like her to help you?
Would you like him to help you?
Would you like honey?
Would you like hot tea or cold tea?
Would you like ice cream?
Would you like ice?
Would you like it if Tom bossed you around?
Would you like it if we went to the cinema?
Would you like it now?
Would you like it washed?
Would you like juice or soda?
Would you like live with us?
Would you like mango, apples and papaya?
Would you like me to ask Mary why she doesn't want to go?
Would you like me to ask Tom and Mary why they don't want to go?
Would you like me to ask Tom to buy that for you?
Would you like me to ask Tom to do that for you?
Would you like me to ask Tom to do that?
Would you like me to ask Tom why he doesn't want to go?
Would you like me to ask around for you?
Would you like me to braid your hair?
Would you like me to bring some drinks for the picnic?
Would you like me to butter your toast?
Would you like me to buy that for you?
Would you like me to buy you a train ticket?
Would you like me to call a taxi for you?
Would you like me to call a taxi?
Would you like me to call you a cab?
Would you like me to call you a taxi?
Would you like me to cancel our reservation?
Would you like me to carry your books?
Would you like me to carry your suitcase for you?
Would you like me to comb your hair?
Would you like me to come with you?
Would you like me to continue?
Would you like me to cook something for you?
Would you like me to cook you something?
Would you like me to dance a jig while juggling rubber ducks?
Would you like me to do something about it?
Would you like me to do something about that for you?
Would you like me to do something about that?
Would you like me to do that again?
Would you like me to do that for you?
Would you like me to do that work?
Would you like me to do that?
Would you like me to draw you a diagram?
Would you like me to drive you back to your hotel?
Would you like me to drive?
Would you like me to elaborate?
Would you like me to explain it to you again?
Would you like me to explain it to you?
Would you like me to explain it?
Would you like me to feed your cat?
Would you like me to fix the problem?
Would you like me to fry you a couple of eggs?
Would you like me to get you a cab?
Would you like me to get you a cup of coffee?
Would you like me to get you a glass of wine?
Would you like me to get you one?
Would you like me to get you something from the supermarket?
Would you like me to get you something to drink?
Would you like me to get you something to eat?
Would you like me to give you a handjob?
Would you like me to give you a ride home?
Would you like me to go in and talk to Tom for you?
Would you like me to go there with you?
Would you like me to go with you?
Would you like me to go?
Would you like me to help you develop the itinerary for your business trip?
Would you like me to help you do that?
Would you like me to help you to find a job?
Would you like me to help you wash the dishes?
Would you like me to help you with that?
Would you like me to help you with washing the dishes?
Would you like me to help you with your homework?
Would you like me to help you with your luggage?
Would you like me to help you with your suitcases?
Would you like me to help you?
Would you like me to help?
Would you like me to hold onto it?
Would you like me to leave?
Would you like me to make coffee?
Would you like me to make you a nice cup of coffee?
Would you like me to make you a sandwich?
Would you like me to make you breakfast?
Would you like me to massage your chest?
Would you like me to massage your shoulders?
Would you like me to open the door for you?
Would you like me to open the window?
Would you like me to order it?
Would you like me to order the same thing for you?
Would you like me to pack you a lunch?
Would you like me to peel an apple for you?
Would you like me to pick you up at the airport?
Would you like me to proofread this?
Would you like me to punch extra holes in your belt?
Would you like me to read it for you?
Would you like me to read it to you?
Would you like me to refill your coffee?
Would you like me to repeat the question?
Would you like me to say something to Tom about that?
Would you like me to say something?
Would you like me to see you home?
Would you like me to set the table?
Would you like me to shave the back of your neck?
Would you like me to shave the nape of your neck?
Would you like me to show you around town?
Would you like me to show you how to do that?
Would you like me to sing?
Would you like me to speak Finnish or English?
Would you like me to speak to your class?
Would you like me to stay a little bit longer?
Would you like me to stay?
Would you like me to stop?
Would you like me to switch on the light?
Would you like me to take a look?
Would you like me to take care of it for you?
Would you like me to take care of it?
Would you like me to take you home?
Would you like me to take you to the station?
Would you like me to talk to Tom about this?
Would you like me to talk to Tom?
Would you like me to teach you how to do that?
Would you like me to teach you how to drive?
Would you like me to teach you how to play chess?
Would you like me to tell the truth?
Would you like me to tell you about Australia?
Would you like me to tell you about Boston?
Would you like me to tell you how to do that?
Would you like me to thread the needle for you?
Would you like me to translate it for you?
Would you like me to try again?
Would you like me to turn on the air conditioner?
Would you like me to turn on the light?
Would you like me to turn on the lights?
Would you like me to turn the TV off?
Would you like me to turn the lights on?
Would you like me to unwrap it for you?
Would you like me to unwrap that for you?
Would you like me to walk you home?
Would you like me to wipe your body?
Would you like me to wrap it for you?
Would you like meat or fish?
Would you like milk and sugar?
Would you like more coffee?
Would you like more details?
Would you like more mashed potatoes?
Would you like more soup?
Would you like more tea?
Would you like more tomato juice?
Would you like more wine?
Would you like more?
Would you like my address?
Would you like my candid feedback?
Would you like my phone number?
Would you like one more cup?
Would you like one now?
Would you like one of these tickets?
Would you like one of these?
Would you like one?
Would you like pepper?
Would you like pork chops for dinner?
Would you like red wine or white wine?
Would you like red wine?
Would you like regular prints?
Would you like salad?
Would you like shoe inserts for arch support?
Would you like shoe inserts for better arch support?
Would you like shoe inserts for comfort?
Would you like shoe inserts for extra cushioning?
Would you like shoe inserts for shock absorption?
Would you like small or large notes?
Would you like some advice?
Would you like some afters?
Would you like some apricot jam?
Would you like some aspirin?
Would you like some beer, too?
Would you like some beer?
Would you like some biscuits with your tea?
Would you like some brandy?
Would you like some bread for lunch?
Would you like some bread?
Would you like some breakfast?
Would you like some broth?
Would you like some cake?
Would you like some champagne?
Would you like some cherry brandy?
Would you like some chocolate ice cream?
Would you like some cider?
Would you like some cocoa?
Would you like some coffee or something?
Would you like some coffee?
Would you like some company?
Would you like some cookies?
Would you like some corn?
Would you like some cream in your coffee?
Would you like some dessert?
Would you like some dinner?
Would you like some fish?
Would you like some free advice?
Would you like some fresh pepper?
Would you like some fruit juice?
Would you like some fruit?
Would you like some green tea?
Would you like some gum?
Would you like some ham for breakfast?
Would you like some help with that?
Would you like some help?
Would you like some herbal tea?
Would you like some hot tea?
Would you like some ice cream?
Would you like some juice, Ziri?
Would you like some juice?
Would you like some lemonade?
Would you like some milk and cookies?
Would you like some moonshine?
Would you like some more apple juice?
Would you like some more beef?
Would you like some more beer?
Would you like some more bread?
Would you like some more cake?
Would you like some more coffee?
Would you like some more cookies?
Would you like some more gravy?
Would you like some more help?
Would you like some more ice cream?
Would you like some more iced tea?
Would you like some more mashed potato?
Would you like some more mashed potatoes?
Would you like some more milk?
Would you like some more orange juice?
Would you like some more pie?
Would you like some more rice?
Would you like some more roast beef?
Would you like some more salad?
Would you like some more salt on your popcorn?
Would you like some more soup?
Would you like some more tea?
Would you like some more time?
Would you like some more water?
Would you like some more wine?
Would you like some more?
Would you like some music?
Would you like some mustard on your ham sandwich?
Would you like some nice warm herbal tea?
Would you like some of my food?
Would you like some of these biscuits?
Would you like some of this?
Would you like some of those cookies?
Would you like some of those pictures?
Would you like some orange juice?
Would you like some popcorn?
Would you like some potato soup?
Would you like some red wine?
Would you like some salad?
Would you like some sauce with your couscous?
Would you like some scrambled egg?
Would you like some scrambled eggs?
Would you like some soup?
Would you like some spaghetti?
Would you like some sugar in your coffee?
Would you like some sugar in your tea?
Would you like some sugar?
Would you like some tea and coffee?
Would you like some tea or coffee?
Would you like some tea or some coffee?
Would you like some tea, Tom?
Would you like some tea?
Would you like some time alone?
Would you like some toast?
Would you like some tomato soup?
Would you like some vegetable sauce with your couscous?
Would you like some water?
Would you like some wine?
Would you like some?
Would you like some? I'll eat some too.
Would you like something cold to drink?
Would you like something easier?
Would you like something else?
Would you like something for afters?
Would you like something for dessert?
Would you like something hot to drink?
Would you like something larger?
Would you like something smaller?
Would you like something to drink?
Would you like something to drink? A glass of wine?
Would you like something to eat?
Would you like something to read?
Would you like something?
Would you like soup or salad as a side dish?
Would you like still or sparkling table water with your meal?
Would you like student volunteers to pick you up at Kansai International Airport?
Would you like sugar and milk?
Would you like tap water or mineral water?
Would you like tea or coffee?
Would you like tea or something?
Would you like tea with milk or with lemon?
Would you like tea?
Would you like that for here or to go?
Would you like that instead?
Would you like that?
Would you like the documents?
Would you like them to help you?
Would you like this?
Would you like to add anything to what I've said?
Would you like to add anything to what I’ve said?
Would you like to add anything?
Would you like to add me to your contact list?
Would you like to add this book to your wish list?
Would you like to ask Tom?
Would you like to ask anybody else a question?
Would you like to ask anyone else a question?
Would you like to ask me something else?
Would you like to attend the Mardi Gras parade in New Orleans?
Would you like to be a farm boy?
Would you like to be a fashion model?
Would you like to be a lawyer?
Would you like to be a pop star?
Would you like to be a sailor?
Would you like to be a writer?
Would you like to be able to speak English with confidence?
Would you like to be alone?
Would you like to be an astronaut?
Would you like to be an elephant?
Would you like to be an organ donor?
Would you like to be asked that?
Would you like to be considered for the job?
Would you like to be famous?
Would you like to be left alone?
Would you like to be my apprentice?
Would you like to be my boyfriend?
Would you like to be my friend?
Would you like to be my girlfriend?
Would you like to be my new friend?
Would you like to be my spouse?
Would you like to be my wife?
Would you like to be on our team?
Would you like to be on the team?
Would you like to be rich?
Would you like to be seated?
Would you like to be tested for HIV?
Would you like to become a much more fluent Berber speaker without studying?
Would you like to become a trusted user?
Would you like to become fluent in French?
Would you like to book a trip to Australia?
Would you like to borrow my stapler?
Would you like to borrow this book?
Would you like to bring some snacks for the picnic?
Would you like to buy a truck?
Would you like to buy anything?
Would you like to buy one of these?
Would you like to buy some lemonade?
Would you like to buy this picture?
Would you like to buy this?
Would you like to change places?
Would you like to chat?
Would you like to close the account?
Would you like to come along with us?
Would you like to come along?
Would you like to come and see us this evening?
Would you like to come back here again?
Would you like to come back home?
Would you like to come eat at our house?
Would you like to come fishing with us?
Would you like to come here and see a film?
Would you like to come in and have a cup of coffee?
Would you like to come in and have a look at the room?
Would you like to come in and have a peek at the room?
Would you like to come in for a drink?
Would you like to come in for an interview next week?
Would you like to come in?
Would you like to come inside for a minute?
Would you like to come inside for some tea and cookies?
Would you like to come inside?
Would you like to come out and play?
Would you like to come out with me?
Would you like to come over for dinner after work on Monday?
Would you like to come over for dinner?
Would you like to come over to my house and hang out?
Would you like to come over to my house to hang out?
Would you like to come over to my house?
Would you like to come over to my place?
Would you like to come over to our house for dinner?
Would you like to come over tonight after work?
Would you like to come see a movie with us?
Would you like to come shopping with me?
Would you like to come to Boston for the summer?
Would you like to come to Tom's costume party next week?
Would you like to come to my beach party this evening?
Would you like to come to my house next week?
Would you like to come to my house?
Would you like to come to my parents' house?
Would you like to come to my parents’ house?
Would you like to come to my party?
Would you like to come to my place?
Would you like to come to our house?
Would you like to come to the beach with us?
Would you like to come up?
Would you like to come with me?
Would you like to come with us to the beach?
Would you like to come with us tomorrow?
Would you like to come with us?
Would you like to come?
Would you like to contribute to the program?
Would you like to contribute?
Would you like to customize your shoes?
Would you like to dance with me tonight?
Would you like to dance with me?
Would you like to dance?
Would you like to do a dab?
Would you like to do everything for me and be my co-author?
Would you like to do it?
Would you like to do something else instead?
Would you like to do something else?
Would you like to do something for me?
Would you like to do something interesting today?
Would you like to do something this weekend?
Would you like to do something together?
Would you like to do that again sometime?
Would you like to do that again?
Would you like to do that instead?
Would you like to do that now?
Would you like to do that over again?
Would you like to do that this evening?
Would you like to do that with Tom?
Would you like to do that with me?
Would you like to do that with us?
Would you like to do that?
Would you like to do the honors?
Would you like to donate money to the poor?
Would you like to donate money to those in need?
Would you like to donate your old shoes?
Would you like to drink a bit tonight?
Would you like to drink a glass after work?
Would you like to drink a glass of grape juice?
Would you like to drink anything?
Would you like to drink some tea with me?
Would you like to drink some tea?
Would you like to drink something?
Would you like to drink tea or coffee?
Would you like to drive an English car?
Would you like to drive on this mountain road?
Would you like to earn a little extra spending money?
Would you like to earn a lot more money?
Would you like to earn some extra money?
Would you like to eat Chinese food instead?
Would you like to eat a bun for lunch?
Would you like to eat a ham and cheese sandwich?
Would you like to eat a roll for lunch?
Would you like to eat alone?
Would you like to eat dinner on the veranda?
Would you like to eat fish at noon?
Would you like to eat here?
Would you like to eat lunch together?
Would you like to eat lunch with me?
Would you like to eat now?
Would you like to eat pizza tonight?
Would you like to eat some fried potatoes?
Would you like to eat some pudding?
Would you like to eat some udon?
Would you like to eat something else?
Would you like to eat something?
Would you like to eat strawberries?
Would you like to eat this?
Would you like to eat with me?
Would you like to eat with us?
Would you like to eat?
Would you like to exchange links?
Would you like to exchange shoes?
Would you like to expedite this order?
Would you like to explain that?
Would you like to explore the castle with me?
Would you like to feed the giraffes?
Would you like to freshen up?
Would you like to get a coffee together?
Would you like to get married and have children?
Would you like to get slapped?
Would you like to get some air?
Would you like to get some dinner?
Would you like to get something to eat? It's on me.
Would you like to get something to eat? It’s on me.
Would you like to get together again next weekend?
Would you like to give it a try?
Would you like to give it another shot?
Would you like to go abroad?
Would you like to go and get a bite to eat?
Would you like to go and see a movie this evening?
Would you like to go and see it now?
Would you like to go anywhere else?
Would you like to go back to Italy?
Would you like to go back to being a child?
Would you like to go bowling?
Would you like to go by train?
Would you like to go camping with us next weekend?
Would you like to go camping with us?
Would you like to go dancing?
Would you like to go fishing next weekend?
Would you like to go fishing on Saturday afternoon?
Would you like to go fishing with me this weekend?
Would you like to go fishing with me?
Would you like to go fishing with us?
Would you like to go for a bike ride?
Would you like to go for a drink or something to eat?
Would you like to go for a drive now?
Would you like to go for a drive?
Would you like to go for a swim with me?
Would you like to go for a walk in the forest?
Would you like to go for a walk in the park with me?
Would you like to go for a walk with me along the shore?
Would you like to go for a walk with me?
Would you like to go for a walk?
Would you like to go for coffee?
Would you like to go get some coffee?
Would you like to go get something to eat?
Would you like to go grab a bite to eat?
Would you like to go have a drink after work?
Would you like to go have a drink?
Would you like to go have lunch?
Would you like to go hiking with us?
Would you like to go horseback riding?
Would you like to go inside and look?
Would you like to go mountain climbing with us?
Would you like to go on a bicycle tour with me?
Would you like to go on a date with me?
Would you like to go on a date?
Would you like to go on a hike with me?
Would you like to go on a trip together?
Would you like to go on a trip with me?
Would you like to go out after work?
Would you like to go out and get something to drink?
Would you like to go out and get something to eat?
Would you like to go out and play?
Would you like to go out for a drink after work?
Would you like to go out for a drink?
Would you like to go out for coffee?
Would you like to go out for dinner with me?
Would you like to go out for lunch?
Would you like to go out sometime?
Would you like to go out this evening?
Would you like to go out this weekend?
Would you like to go out to dinner sometime?
Would you like to go out to eat something?
Would you like to go out to have a drink somewhere?
Would you like to go out with me sometime?
Would you like to go out with me this weekend, Rumiko?
Would you like to go out with me this weekend?
Would you like to go out with me tonight?
Would you like to go out with me?
Would you like to go play with Tom?
Would you like to go sailing with us?
Would you like to go see a movie or something?
Would you like to go see a movie with me?
Would you like to go shopping tomorrow?
Would you like to go shopping with me?
Would you like to go shopping with us?
Would you like to go shopping?
Would you like to go skating with us?
Would you like to go skiing with us?
Would you like to go somewhere and talk?
Would you like to go somewhere else?
Would you like to go swimming with us this afternoon?
Would you like to go swimming with us?
Would you like to go there again?
Would you like to go there with me?
Would you like to go to Australia with Tom?
Would you like to go to Australia with me next summer?
Would you like to go to Australia with me?
Would you like to go to Australia with us?
Would you like to go to Australia?
Would you like to go to Boston with Tom?
Would you like to go to Boston with me next summer?
Would you like to go to Boston with me?
Would you like to go to Boston with us?
Would you like to go to Boston?
Would you like to go to Germany with me?
Would you like to go to Japan?
Would you like to go to a desert island?
Would you like to go to a movie tomorrow night?
Would you like to go to a movie tonight?
Would you like to go to a movie?
Would you like to go to a soccer game?
Would you like to go to church with me?
Would you like to go to dinner?
Would you like to go to the aquarium with me?
Would you like to go to the beach with me?
Would you like to go to the beach with us?
Would you like to go to the butterfly house with me?
Would you like to go to the cinema tomorrow night?
Would you like to go to the cinema?
Would you like to go to the concert with me?
Would you like to go to the concert with us?
Would you like to go to the hospital?
Would you like to go to the lake with us?
Would you like to go to the mall with us?
Would you like to go to the movies over the weekend?
Would you like to go to the movies tomorrow night?
Would you like to go to the movies tomorrow?
Would you like to go to the movies with me?
Would you like to go to the movies?
Would you like to go to the opera with me?
Would you like to go to the park later this afternoon?
Would you like to go to the seaside?
Would you like to go to the shopping mall with me?
Would you like to go to the theater this evening?
Would you like to go to the zoo this afternoon?
Would you like to go to the zoo with me the day after tomorrow?
Would you like to go to the zoo with me?
Would you like to go to the zoo with us?
Would you like to go to the zoo?
Would you like to go together?
Would you like to go with Tom?
Would you like to go with me to the movies this weekend?
Would you like to go with me?
Would you like to go with us and try it too?
Would you like to go with us?
Would you like to go?
Would you like to grab a bite to eat somewhere?
Would you like to grab a coffee sometime?
Would you like to grab a cup of coffee sometime?
Would you like to grab a drink sometime?
Would you like to grab dinner together later?
Would you like to grab something to eat?
Would you like to hang out at my place?
Would you like to hang out together this evening?
Would you like to hang out together tomorrow?
Would you like to hang out with me tomorrow?
Would you like to hang out with us?
Would you like to hang out?
Would you like to have a bath before going to bed?
Would you like to have a cappuccino?
Would you like to have a cup of coffee?
Would you like to have a cup of tea?
Would you like to have a dog?
Would you like to have a drink before dinner?
Would you like to have a drink with us?
Would you like to have a drink?
Would you like to have a glass of water?
Would you like to have a look?
Would you like to have a new body?
Would you like to have a pizza together?
Would you like to have another beer?
Would you like to have another cup of tea?
Would you like to have breakfast with me?
Would you like to have children?
Would you like to have coffee?
Would you like to have dinner at my house this weekend?
Would you like to have dinner at my place tonight?
Would you like to have dinner sometime?
Would you like to have dinner with me sometime?
Would you like to have dinner with me tonight?
Would you like to have dinner with me?
Would you like to have dinner with me? If you're not busy, that is.
Would you like to have dinner with us tonight?
Would you like to have dinner with us?
Would you like to have it washed?
Would you like to have it?
Would you like to have lead in your brain?
Would you like to have lots of money?
Would you like to have lunch at McDonald's?
Would you like to have lunch together sometime?
Would you like to have lunch together?
Would you like to have lunch with me?
Would you like to have lunch with us?
Would you like to have oysters, or do you prefer mussels?
Would you like to have pizza for lunch today?
Would you like to have pizza tonight?
Would you like to have some cigarettes too?
Would you like to have some coffee?
Would you like to have some fun?
Would you like to have some meatballs?
Would you like to have some tea?
Would you like to have some wine?
Would you like to have steak for dinner?
Would you like to have supper with us on the weekend?
Would you like to have tea or coffee?
Would you like to have tea with us this afternoon?
Would you like to have your hair washed?
Would you like to hear a joke?
Would you like to hear a scary story?
Would you like to hear about what I did last summer?
Would you like to hear about what we did?
Would you like to hear me play the banjo?
Would you like to hear me sing a song?
Would you like to hear me sing?
Would you like to hear more?
Would you like to hear my genuine view?
Would you like to hear my new song?
Would you like to hear my opinion?
Would you like to hear my theory?
Would you like to hear some more?
Would you like to hear something funny?
Would you like to hear something interesting?
Would you like to hear the new song I'm working on?
Would you like to hear the parrot talk?
Would you like to hear the story about Paul Bunyan?
Would you like to help her?
Would you like to help me?
Would you like to help someone?
Would you like to help?
Would you like to hold my hand?
Would you like to improve your English?
Would you like to improve your French?
Would you like to improve your technique?
Would you like to invite a friend?
Would you like to join a hiking club?
Would you like to join me and my friend for a drink?
Would you like to join me for a beach bonfire?
Would you like to join me for a drink?
Would you like to join me for a fishing trip?
Would you like to join me for a walk?
Would you like to join me for dinner?
Would you like to join me for lunch?
Would you like to join me for some milk and cookies?
Would you like to join me?
Would you like to join my group?
Would you like to join my team?
Would you like to join our band?
Would you like to join our group?
Would you like to join our mailing list?
Would you like to join our team?
Would you like to join us for a drink later?
Would you like to join us for a game of cards?
Would you like to join us for dinner tonight?
Would you like to join us for dinner?
Would you like to join us for some drinks?
Would you like to join us?
Would you like to know how I did that?
Would you like to know how old I am?
Would you like to know how to prevent getting wrinkles?
Would you like to know how you can earn the respect of the employees?
Would you like to know more about that?
Would you like to know more?
Would you like to know the truth about this event?
Would you like to know what Tom did?
Would you like to know what Tom said about you?
Would you like to know what we did?
Would you like to know who asked Tom to do that?
Would you like to know who asked me to do that?
Would you like to know who asked us to do that?
Would you like to know who bought this jacket for you?
Would you like to know who did that?
Would you like to know who donated the money?
Would you like to know who he is?
Would you like to know who she is?
Would you like to know who that beautiful woman is?
Would you like to know who that is?
Would you like to know who was here last night?
Would you like to know why I did that?
Would you like to know why I didn't do that?
Would you like to know why I hit Tom?
Would you like to know why I'm here today?
Would you like to know why I'm here?
Would you like to know why Mary didn't do what she said she'd do?
Would you like to know why Tom and Mary aren't here today?
Would you like to know why Tom and Mary didn't do what they said they'd do?
Would you like to know why Tom and Mary don't like you?
Would you like to know why Tom did that?
Would you like to know why Tom didn't do that?
Would you like to know why Tom didn't do what he said he'd do?
Would you like to know why Tom didn't stay?
Would you like to know why Tom doesn't like you?
Would you like to know why Tom isn't here today?
Would you like to know why Tom left?
Would you like to know why?
Would you like to learn French?
Would you like to learn Polish?
Would you like to learn Portuguese?
Would you like to learn a few useful French phrases?
Would you like to learn a few useful French sentences?
Would you like to learn about Islam?
Would you like to learn how to do that?
Would you like to learn how to play the guitar?
Would you like to learn how to play the piano?
Would you like to learn some Berber phrases?
Would you like to learn some Berber words?
Would you like to learn something in Berber?
Would you like to learn to play the guitar?
Would you like to learn to play the piano?
Would you like to learn to speak English like a native speaker in two weeks?
Would you like to leave Tom another message?
Would you like to leave a message for him?
Would you like to leave a message?
Would you like to leave him a message?
Would you like to leave?
Would you like to lie down?
Would you like to listen?
Would you like to live alone?
Would you like to live forever?
Would you like to live here with us?
Would you like to live here?
Would you like to live in Australia?
Would you like to live in Boston?
Would you like to live in Mumbai?
Would you like to live in Ukraine?
Would you like to live in an old funeral home? How about a former asylum for the insane, subway terminal, movie theater or stadium?
Would you like to live in another country?
Would you like to live the life you live now for eternity?
Would you like to live with us?
Would you like to look at the menu?
Would you like to make a formal complaint?
Would you like to make a statement?
Would you like to make an appointment?
Would you like to make more money?
Would you like to make reservations for a trip to Australia?
Would you like to meet Tom?
Would you like to meet again?
Would you like to meet for coffee?
Would you like to meet her?
Would you like to meet him?
Would you like to meet me in person?
Would you like to meet my family?
Would you like to meet somewhere later?
Would you like to meet somewhere tomorrow?
Would you like to meet them?
Would you like to meet tomorrow?
Would you like to open that black box with me?
Would you like to order dessert?
Would you like to order now?
Would you like to order?
Would you like to pay now or later?
Would you like to phone someone?
Would you like to play a game of Japanese chess?
Would you like to play a game of chess?
Would you like to play a game?
Would you like to play a round of disc golf?
Would you like to play baseball with us?
Would you like to play basketball with us?
Would you like to play cards with us?
Would you like to play cards?
Would you like to play football with us?
Would you like to play soccer with us?
Would you like to play tennis Saturday afternoon?
Would you like to play tennis every Sunday?
Would you like to play tennis on Monday?
Would you like to play tennis on Sunday?
Would you like to play tennis on Sundays?
Would you like to play tennis this afternoon?
Would you like to play tennis tomorrow afternoon?
Would you like to play with Tom?
Would you like to play with us, Jim?
Would you like to play with us, Tom?
Would you like to play with us?
Would you like to practice speaking English with me?
Would you like to proceed?
Would you like to read a poem of mine?
Would you like to read it?
Would you like to read one of my poems?
Would you like to read this magazine?
Would you like to rent a movie?
Would you like to rephrase the question?
Would you like to ring someone?
Would you like to round up your bill to donate to the local food bank?
Would you like to run your own business?
Would you like to save the game?
Would you like to say anything else to your wife?
Would you like to say anything else?
Would you like to say anything?
Would you like to say something to everyone here?
Would you like to say something to me?
Would you like to say something, Tom?
Would you like to say something?
Would you like to see Tom's references?
Would you like to see Tom?
Would you like to see a UFO?
Would you like to see a live performance of a play with me Saturday?
Would you like to see a movie or watch TV at home?
Would you like to see a picture of Tom and his girlfriend?
Would you like to see a picture of Tom and his new car?
Would you like to see a picture of Tom hang gliding?
Would you like to see a picture of Tom when he was a baby?
Would you like to see a picture of Tom's new car?
Would you like to see her?
Would you like to see him?
Would you like to see his picture?
Would you like to see it again?
Would you like to see it now?
Would you like to see it?
Would you like to see me again?
Would you like to see me do that again?
Would you like to see my new car?
Would you like to see my new trombone?
Would you like to see my stamp collection?
Would you like to see my tattoo?
Would you like to see some of the videos we took on our trip to Australia?
Would you like to see some photos of my trip?
Would you like to see some pictures I took in Boston?
Would you like to see some pictures that I took in Boston?
Would you like to see something interesting?
Would you like to see something neat?
Would you like to see something really impressive?
Would you like to see something?
Would you like to see that again?
Would you like to see that happen?
Would you like to see that movie?
Would you like to see the plans?
Would you like to see them?
Would you like to see us today?
Would you like to see what I just made?
Would you like to see what's going to happen?
Would you like to see your husband grow a beard?
Would you like to see your room?
Would you like to see your wife lose a little weight?
Would you like to sell your car?
Would you like to sell your house?
Would you like to sell your shoes online?
Would you like to send him a message?
Would you like to share a kiss?
Would you like to share an orange with me?
Would you like to share an orange?
Would you like to share my dessert with me?
Would you like to share your contact info?
Would you like to share your contact information?
Would you like to share?
Would you like to show your ears?
Would you like to sing a duet with me?
Would you like to sing?
Would you like to sit at the counter?
Would you like to sit down?
Would you like to sit here?
Would you like to sit in the front?
Would you like to sit next to me?
Would you like to sit on my knee?
Would you like to sit with us?
Would you like to sit?
Would you like to skipper for a while?
Would you like to sleep a little longer?
Would you like to sleep in the top or the bottom bunk?
Would you like to sleep with me tonight?
Would you like to smell a rare and deadly fart?
Would you like to spar with me?
Would you like to speak English with confidence?
Would you like to speak with a mental health provider?
Would you like to spend some time together this evening?
Would you like to spend the day with me?
Would you like to split a pizza?
Would you like to sponsor our project?
Would you like to start a tab?
Would you like to start?
Would you like to stay for dinner?
Would you like to stay for lunch?
Would you like to stay here until October?
Would you like to stay here with me for a few minutes?
Would you like to stay here with us all summer?
Would you like to stay here with us?
Would you like to stay here?
Would you like to stay longer?
Would you like to stay with us next summer vacation?
Would you like to stay with us?
Would you like to study Russian?
Would you like to study abroad?
Would you like to study another language?
Would you like to study in Australia?
Would you like to study in another country?
Would you like to study with me?
Would you like to swallow a bullet?
Would you like to swap jobs?
Would you like to swap places?
Would you like to swap shoes for a day?
Would you like to switch seats?
Would you like to tag along with us?
Would you like to tag along?
Would you like to take a bath before going to bed?
Would you like to take a break?
Would you like to take a crack at the job?
Would you like to take a look at it?
Would you like to take a recess?
Would you like to take a seat?
Would you like to take a stroll around the park with me?
Would you like to take a walk with me?
Would you like to take a walk?
Would you like to take in a movie?
Would you like to take part in the festival?
Would you like to take part in this risky experiment?
Would you like to take some time off?
Would you like to take the mic?
Would you like to take this?
Would you like to talk about it?
Would you like to talk about the problem?
Would you like to talk about what Tom did?
Would you like to talk about what happened?
Would you like to talk about what just happened?
Would you like to talk over a cup of coffee?
Would you like to talk to a lawyer?
Would you like to talk to me about that?
Would you like to talk to the manager?
Would you like to talk with mom?
Would you like to talk?
Would you like to taste this yummy cake?
Would you like to tea with us this afternoon?
Would you like to teach Tom?
Would you like to tell me something else?
Would you like to tell me something?
Would you like to tell me what happened?
Would you like to tell me what this is all about?
Would you like to tell the next story?
Would you like to trade jobs?
Would you like to trade seats?
Would you like to trade shoes for a day?
Would you like to travel abroad?
Would you like to travel to distant horizons?
Would you like to travel to the United States?
Would you like to travel with us?
Would you like to try again?
Would you like to try doing that?
Would you like to try it again?
Would you like to try it on?
Would you like to try it?
Would you like to try on these shoes?
Would you like to try some raspberry jam that I made?
Would you like to try some?
Would you like to try something new?
Would you like to try that again?
Would you like to try the car before buying it?
Would you like to try?
Would you like to turn it down a little?
Would you like to use this box?
Would you like to visit Australia again?
Would you like to visit Chichen Itza?
Would you like to visit China again?
Would you like to visit Tom?
Would you like to visit the United States?
Would you like to visit the White House someday?
Would you like to visit the city?
Would you like to volunteer at a horse sanctuary near here?
Would you like to volunteer to help clean up after the party?
Would you like to wait in the bar?
Would you like to wait in the room?
Would you like to wait?
Would you like to walk there with us?
Would you like to walk to the station with me?
Would you like to watch TV?
Would you like to watch a movie?
Would you like to watch another movie?
Would you like to watch some random guy get decapitated? There, on the central square, they are about to make an example of him.
Would you like to watch the film with me?
Would you like to watch the game together?
Would you like to wear my jacket?
Would you like to work at a zoo?
Would you like to work for us?
Would you like to work in a young team?
Would you like us to bring anything to the dinner?
Would you like us to come back later?
Would you like us to come with you?
Would you like us to give you a lift?
Would you like us to go to the game together?
Would you like us to help you?
Would you like us to leave?
Would you like vodka?
Would you like water or milk?
Would you like white wine or red?
Would you like your cod fried in batter?
Would you like your coffee with or after the meal?
Would you like your ears to show?
Would you like your receipt?
Would you like your tea now or later?
Would you like?
Would you live on Mars?
Would you lock the door, please?
Would you lock the gate, please?
Would you look after my cat?
Would you look after my children while I am away on vacation?
Would you look after the place while I'm out?
Would you look after the place while I’m out?
Would you look at that! After a long and exhausting quest I finally managed to find the mythical Scroll of Swordsmanship.
Would you love me if I were a werewolf?
Would you mail this letter for me on your way to school?
Would you make me a sandwich?
Would you make room for me?
Would you marry a Finnish woman?
Would you marry a girl from Ukraine?
Would you marry a girl who doesn't speak Berber?
Would you marry me if I asked you?
Would you marry me?
Would you maybe have some time for me?
Would you maybe want to go out with me sometime?
Would you meet with me tonight?
Would you meet with us at a time that is convenient for you?
Would you mind a bit of advice?
Would you mind a little advice?
Would you mind answering a few questions?
Would you mind answering the question?
Would you mind babysitting my kids?
Would you mind being alone tonight?
Would you mind blowing these balloons up for me?
Would you mind buying a ticket for me?
Would you mind buying me some bread, please?
Would you mind calling Tom for me?
Would you mind calling a doctor for me?
Would you mind calling him for me?
Would you mind calling him to the phone?
Would you mind carrying it up the stairs for me?
Would you mind changing the channel?
Would you mind clarifying that last part for me?
Would you mind clearing up a few points for me?
Would you mind closing the door behind you?
Would you mind closing the door, please?
Would you mind closing the door?
Would you mind closing the window?
Would you mind closing the windows before you leave?
Would you mind closing the windows?
Would you mind coming along?
Would you mind coming earlier next time?
Would you mind coming early?
Would you mind coming over here where I can see you?
Would you mind coming with me?
Would you mind cooking something for us?
Would you mind doing me a favor?
Would you mind doing me a favour?
Would you mind doing that for me?
Would you mind doing that for us?
Would you mind doing that later?
Would you mind doing that someplace else?
Would you mind doing that somewhere else?
Would you mind doing that?
Would you mind doing the dishes?
Would you mind doing the laundry?
Would you mind drawing down the blind?
Would you mind driving for a while?
Would you mind driving my car home for me?
Would you mind explaining again?
Would you mind explaining that diagram to me?
Would you mind explaining that once more in a little more detail?
Would you mind explaining this to me?
Would you mind explaining this?
Would you mind getting that for me?
Would you mind giving me a hand moving this table?
Would you mind giving me a hand with these suitcases?
Would you mind giving me a hug?
Would you mind giving me a little help with some problems I'm having?
Would you mind giving me a minute?
Would you mind giving me a ride to the post office?
Would you mind giving me your chocolate cake recipe?
Would you mind giving us a minute?
Would you mind going over that again?
Would you mind helping Tom and me?
Would you mind helping Tom with his homework?
Would you mind helping me a bit?
Would you mind helping me carry these boxes?
Would you mind helping me carry this box upstairs?
Would you mind helping me carry this suitcase?
Would you mind helping me do that?
Would you mind helping me do this?
Would you mind helping me for a minute?
Would you mind helping me for a second?
Would you mind helping me proofread this blog post before I publish it?
Would you mind helping me split firewood?
Would you mind helping me with something?
Would you mind helping me write this report?
Would you mind helping me?
Would you mind helping us?
Would you mind holding this?
Would you mind holding your tongue for a while?
Would you mind if I ask a question?
Would you mind if I ask why not?
Would you mind if I ask why?
Would you mind if I ask you a few questions?
Would you mind if I ask you a personal question?
Would you mind if I ask you a question?
Would you mind if I asked you a few questions?
Would you mind if I asked you a question about Tom?
Would you mind if I asked you a question?
Would you mind if I asked you some questions?
Would you mind if I asked you something?
Would you mind if I asked you what grade I got?
Would you mind if I ate a piece of this pie?
Would you mind if I ate one of these donuts?
Would you mind if I borrowed this?
Would you mind if I borrowed your car?
Would you mind if I borrowed your ladder?
Would you mind if I borrowed your newspaper?
Would you mind if I call you Tom?
Would you mind if I called you Tom?
Would you mind if I came along?
Would you mind if I catch some sleep?
Would you mind if I changed seats now?
Would you mind if I changed subjects?
Would you mind if I changed the channel?
Would you mind if I closed the blinds?
Would you mind if I closed the window?
Would you mind if I closed the windows?
Would you mind if I did that with you?
Would you mind if I did that?
Would you mind if I didn't do that today?
Would you mind if I didn't do that tomorrow?
Would you mind if I didn't do that?
Would you mind if I didn't go?
Would you mind if I don't do that?
Would you mind if I don't go?
Would you mind if I drank the rest of the milk?
Would you mind if I drive?
Would you mind if I dropped by tomorrow evening?
Would you mind if I gave Tom a call?
Would you mind if I had a smoke?
Would you mind if I have a look at it?
Would you mind if I have a look?
Would you mind if I help?
Would you mind if I helped?
Would you mind if I invited Tom over for dinner?
Would you mind if I invited Tom to dinner?
Would you mind if I join you?
Would you mind if I joined you?
Would you mind if I kiss you?
Would you mind if I kissed you?
Would you mind if I left a little early?
Would you mind if I left early?
Would you mind if I look around?
Would you mind if I made a few suggestions?
Would you mind if I made a suggestion?
Would you mind if I make a suggestion?
Would you mind if I moved your car?
Would you mind if I open the window?
Would you mind if I opened a window?
Would you mind if I opened the blinds?
Would you mind if I opened the curtains?
Would you mind if I opened the window?
Would you mind if I parked my car here for a few hours?
Would you mind if I play some music?
Would you mind if I played some music?
Would you mind if I popped round tomorrow night?
Would you mind if I popped round tonight?
Would you mind if I poured myself a cup of coffee?
Would you mind if I put on a little music?
Would you mind if I record this conversation?
Would you mind if I sat here?
Would you mind if I sat next to you?
Would you mind if I searched through Tom's room?
Would you mind if I searched through Tom’s room?
Would you mind if I shut the window? I have a slight cold.
Would you mind if I sit at the same table?
Would you mind if I sit in?
Would you mind if I sit with you?
Would you mind if I sleep here tonight?
Would you mind if I slept here?
Would you mind if I smoke here?
Would you mind if I smoke?
Would you mind if I smoked here?
Would you mind if I smoked?
Would you mind if I speak to Tom alone for a sec?
Would you mind if I stayed a little bit longer?
Would you mind if I stayed a little longer?
Would you mind if I swam in your pool?
Would you mind if I tag along with you next time you go for a walk?
Would you mind if I take a look?
Would you mind if I told Tom about this?
Would you mind if I told Tom?
Would you mind if I told her?
Would you mind if I told him?
Would you mind if I told them?
Would you mind if I took a break?
Would you mind if I took a picture?
Would you mind if I took my shirt off?
Would you mind if I took my shirt off? It's really hot in here.
Would you mind if I took off my shirt?
Would you mind if I took off my shirt? It's really hot in here.
Would you mind if I took one of these?
Would you mind if I took the pink one?
Would you mind if I took this?
Would you mind if I took your picture?
Would you mind if I touched this?
Would you mind if I try something?
Would you mind if I turned off the light?
Would you mind if I turned off the lights?
Would you mind if I turned off the radio?
Would you mind if I turned on the TV?
Would you mind if I turned on the light?
Would you mind if I turned the TV on?
Would you mind if I turned the light off?
Would you mind if I turned the light on?
Would you mind if I turned the radio off?
Would you mind if I used paper towels?
Would you mind if I used this?
Would you mind if I used your car?
Would you mind if I used your desk for a while?
Would you mind if I wait here?
Would you mind if I wait until Tom and Mary get back?
Would you mind if I wait until Tom gets back?
Would you mind if I waited here?
Would you mind if I walk with you?
Would you mind if I walk you home?
Would you mind if I walked with you?
Would you mind if I watched TV for a while?
Would you mind if I went home early?
Would you mind if I went out for a bit?
Would you mind if I went out for a while?
Would you mind if I went out with your sister?
Would you mind if we asked you a few questions?
Would you mind if we didn't do that now?
Would you mind if we didn't do that today?
Would you mind if we didn't do that?
Would you mind if we discussed this later?
Would you mind if we don't do that?
Would you mind if we join you?
Would you mind if we left a little early?
Would you mind if we left?
Would you mind if we put this off until tomorrow?
Would you mind if we sit in?
Would you mind if we spoke French instead?
Would you mind if we spoke in French instead?
Would you mind if we spoke in French?
Would you mind if we stayed here for a while?
Would you mind if we switched to French?
Would you mind if we talked about this later?
Would you mind if we waited for Tom here?
Would you mind if we waited here?
Would you mind ironing this shirt for me?
Would you mind laying the table for dinner?
Would you mind leading the discussion?
Would you mind leaving it until tomorrow?
Would you mind leaving me alone for a minute?
Would you mind leaving me alone?
Would you mind leaving now?
Would you mind leaving the door open?
Would you mind leaving the light on?
Would you mind leaving the room for a few minutes so I can ask your daughter some questions?
Would you mind leaving the room for a few minutes so I can ask your son some questions?
Would you mind leaving the room for a few minutes?
Would you mind leaving the room?
Would you mind leaving us alone for a few minutes?
Would you mind leaving us alone for a minute?
Would you mind leaving us alone?
Would you mind leaving us?
Would you mind leaving us? I want to talk to Tom alone.
Would you mind leaving? I'd like to dress.
Would you mind lending me a pencil?
Would you mind lending me your car?
Would you mind lending me your pen?
Would you mind lending me your pencil?
Would you mind lending me your rake?
Would you mind letting me see your passport?
Would you mind looking after my children for a minute?
Would you mind looking after my children until I get back?
Would you mind looking after my kids for a minute?
Would you mind looking after my kids until I get back?
Would you mind looking after my kids?
Would you mind looking away? I'm trying to go to the bathroom here.
Would you mind looking the other way for just a minute while I change my clothes?
Would you mind looking the other way while I change my clothes?
Would you mind mailing this letter for me?
Would you mind making an extra cup of coffee whenever you decide to have some?
Would you mind making me a sandwich?
Would you mind making room for me?
Would you mind making tea for me?
Would you mind me smoking here?
Would you mind mouthing the words "good bye" as you leave the room?
Would you mind mouthing the words "thank you" as you sit down?
Would you mind moving over a bit?
Would you mind moving this stuff out of my way?
Would you mind my coming with you?
Would you mind my drinking another cup of coffee?
Would you mind my moving your car?
Would you mind my opening the door?
Would you mind my opening the window?
Would you mind my smoking here?
Would you mind my staying here for some time?
Would you mind my using this dictionary?
Would you mind not doing that?
Would you mind not sitting there?
Would you mind not smoking in this room?
Would you mind not smoking?
Would you mind not talking about your surgery now? I'm trying to eat.
Would you mind opening one of the windows?
Would you mind opening the door for me?
Would you mind opening the door?
Would you mind opening the window?
Would you mind passing me the bread?
Would you mind paying for this?
Would you mind paying this time?
Would you mind picking up something on the way back?
Would you mind posing for a picture with us?
Would you mind providing more details?
Would you mind pulling down the blind?
Would you mind putting a link on your web page to our company's web site?
Would you mind putting a link on your web page to our company’s web site?
Would you mind putting her on the phone?
Would you mind putting that down?
Would you mind putting these back where you got them?
Would you mind reading a bedtime story to Tom?
Would you mind reading it for me?
Would you mind reading it to me?
Would you mind repeating that, please?
Would you mind repeating that?
Would you mind repeating the question?
Would you mind rubbing my feet?
Would you mind saying that once more?
Would you mind saying your name again, please?
Would you mind sending this letter for me?
Would you mind setting the table for dinner?
Would you mind sharing your table, sir?
Would you mind sharing your table?
Would you mind showing Tom around the city?
Would you mind showing me how to do that?
Would you mind showing me that?
Would you mind shutting the door?
Would you mind shutting the window?
Would you mind shutting the windows?
Would you mind signing a waiver?
Would you mind singing that song again?
Would you mind sitting here?
Would you mind sitting in the back?
Would you mind spanking me softly?
Would you mind sparing me thirty minutes of the day?
Would you mind speaking a little louder?
Would you mind speaking a little softer please?
Would you mind speaking more slowly?
Would you mind standing aside?
Would you mind staying home and taking care of the children?
Would you mind taking a picture of us?
Would you mind taking a polygraph test?
Would you mind taking care of my children tomorrow afternoon?
Would you mind taking care of my dog next weekend?
Would you mind taking care of my dog while I'm away?
Would you mind taking care of my dog while I'm in the hospital?
Would you mind taking care of my houseplants and chickens while we're gone?
Would you mind taking care of that?
Would you mind taking me back to my hotel?
Would you mind taking me home?
Would you mind taking notes?
Would you mind taking this book back to the library?
Would you mind taking your feet off the table?
Would you mind taking your shoes off outside?
Would you mind taking your shoes off?
Would you mind taking your sunglasses off?
Would you mind telephoning Tom?
Would you mind telling me all about it now?
Would you mind telling me how to do this?
Would you mind telling me how to withdraw money from my account?
Would you mind telling me how you got here?
Would you mind telling me how you got into my office?
Would you mind telling me if my method works?
Would you mind telling me one thing?
Would you mind telling me the name of the perfume you use?
Would you mind telling me the purpose of your coming to Viet Nam?
Would you mind telling me what happened?
Would you mind telling me what the problem is?
Would you mind telling me what this is about?
Would you mind telling me what this is all about?
Would you mind telling me what to do?
Would you mind telling me what you're doing here?
Would you mind telling me what you're doing in my apartment?
Would you mind telling me what you're doing in my flat?
Would you mind telling me what you're doing?
Would you mind telling me what you're waiting for?
Would you mind telling me what's bothering you?
Would you mind telling me what's going on?
Would you mind telling me what's happening?
Would you mind telling me when to start?
Would you mind telling me when to stop?
Would you mind telling me where you got this?
Would you mind telling me where you're going?
Would you mind telling me who you are?
Would you mind telling me who you're waiting for?
Would you mind telling me why you don't love him?
Would you mind telling me why you're here?
Would you mind telling me your name?
Would you mind telling me your passport number, sir?
Would you mind telling me your present salary?
Would you mind telling where you got this?
Would you mind terribly making me a cup of coffee?
Would you mind translating this for me?
Would you mind translating this into French for me?
Would you mind turning down the music?
Would you mind turning down the radio?
Would you mind turning down the volume?
Would you mind turning off the radio?
Would you mind turning off the radio? I'm trying to study.
Would you mind turning the TV off?
Would you mind turning the light down a bit?
Would you mind turning the music down?
Would you mind turning the radio off? I'm trying to study.
Would you mind waiting a bit?
Would you mind waiting a few minutes?
Would you mind waiting a little longer?
Would you mind waiting a minute?
Would you mind waiting a moment?
Would you mind waiting a while?
Would you mind waiting another ten minutes?
Would you mind waiting for an hour?
Would you mind waiting here for a moment?
Would you mind waiting here just a moment?
Would you mind waiting here, please?
Would you mind waiting here?
Would you mind waiting in the lobby?
Would you mind waiting out here, please?
Would you mind waiting outside for a minute?
Would you mind waiting outside while I talk to him?
Would you mind waiting outside?
Would you mind walking the dog?
Would you mind washing the dishes?
Would you mind watching my children for a minute?
Would you mind watching my children until I get back?
Would you mind watching my kids for a minute?
Would you mind watching my kids until I get back?
Would you mind watching my kids?
Would you mind watching my suitcase for a minute?
Would you mind watching my things while I go for a swim?
Would you mind watching the children until I get back?
Would you mind watching the kids until I come back?
Would you mind watching the kids until I get back?
Would you mind watching the kids?
Would you mind wrapping it up as a gift?
Would you mind writing a recommendation on LinkedIn?
Would you mind writing it down on this piece of paper?
Would you mind your own business?
Would you miss me?
Would you move back, please?
Would you move your car, please?
Would you need my help?
Would you not do it, because he says?
Would you open the curtains, please?
Would you open the curtains?
Would you open the door, please?
Would you open the door?
Would you open the gate, please?
Would you open the trunk?
Would you open the window a little?
Would you open the window, please?
Would you order me a hamburger?
Would you page Mr Sawada?
Would you pardon me one moment, please?
Would you pass me the bread, please?
Would you pass me the cream cheese, please?
Would you pass me the ketchup?
Would you pass me the salt, please?
Would you pass me the salt?
Would you pass me the sugar, please?
Would you pass the butter, please?
Would you pass the mashed potatoes, please?
Would you pass the peas, Tom?
Would you pass the peas?
Would you pass the pepper?
Would you pass the salad?
Would you pass the salt and pepper?
Would you pass the salt, please?
Would you phone me at 2.30, please?
Would you pipe down?
Would you place your trust in her again?
Would you place your trust in him again?
Would you play with me?
Would you please air the room while I'm out?
Would you please allow me to treat you to dinner next week?
Would you please answer as soon as you can?
Would you please answer the phone?
Would you please arrange to meet with me either on the morning of April 5 or 6?
Would you please autograph this book?
Would you please be quiet for a minute?
Would you please be quiet?
Would you please boil an egg for me?
Would you please boil my eggs for 2 minutes?
Would you please bring up another pillow?
Would you please call him back later?
Would you please call me at 2:30?
Would you please call me up at five o'clock?
Would you please call me up at five o’clock?
Would you please call off our trip to Hong Kong?
Would you please check this matter with your bank?
Would you please check those?
Would you please close that window?
Would you please close the door?
Would you please close the window?
Would you please close the windows?
Would you please coach our team?
Would you please come again later?
Would you please come here?
Would you please come over here?
Would you please come shopping with me?
Would you please come tomorrow?
Would you please come with me?
Would you please come?
Would you please consider that?
Would you please do me a favor?
Would you please do me the favor of going to the prom with me?
Would you please do that for me?
Would you please do that now?
Would you please do that?
Would you please drive?
Would you please excuse us?
Would you please explain it more simply?
Would you please explain the rules to me?
Would you please fax me the application form?
Would you please fax the application form to me?
Would you please fill out this form?
Would you please get me a cup of coffee?
Would you please get out of my seat?
Would you please get some rest?
Would you please gift wrap it?
Would you please give Tom a message?
Would you please give me another one?
Would you please give me some more tea?
Would you please give me what I asked for?
Would you please give our compliments to the chef?
Would you please go shopping with me?
Would you please go to the supermarket and buy some bread?
Would you please hand me that book?
Would you please have a look at these papers?
Would you please have a look at this document?
Would you please have a seat?
Would you please help Tom do that?
Would you please help me carry my suitcases?
Would you please help me translate this?
Would you please help me with this?
Would you please help me?
Would you please help us?
Would you please help?
Would you please hold on a second?
Would you please hold on?
Would you please hold this for me?
Would you please inform me of the expected shipping date?
Would you please introduce yourself?
Would you please introduce yourselves?
Would you please just come with me?
Would you please just go away?
Would you please just leave me alone?
Would you please just leave?
Would you please keep the noise down?
Would you please leave me alone?
Would you please leave us alone for a minute?
Would you please leave us alone?
Would you please leave?
Would you please lend me a pen?
Would you please lend me some money?
Would you please lend me your dictionary?
Would you please lend me your pen?
Would you please let go of me?
Would you please let go of my arm?
Would you please let me do that?
Would you please let me get back to work?
Would you please let me know the delivery time?
Would you please let me know what the status is right away?
Would you please let me know when it would be convenient for us to meet?
Would you please lock the door?
Would you please look after my dog tomorrow?
Would you please look after the children?
Would you please look over my report?
Would you please lower the volume?
Would you please lower your voice?
Would you please mail this letter by airmail?
Would you please make a hyperlink to our corporate site from your page?
Would you please make it for me?
Would you please make me a sandwich?
Would you please meet me at Yaesu central gate of Tokyo Station on Monday, May 10th at 3:00 p.m.?
Would you please not do that here?
Would you please not leave the door open?
Would you please not sit there?
Would you please not smoke here?
Would you please not smoke in this room?
Would you please open the door for me?
Would you please open the door?
Would you please open the window?
Would you please page Mr. Sawada?
Would you please page Tom Jackson?
Would you please pass me the salt?
Would you please pass the potatoes?
Would you please pass the water? I would like another glass.
Would you please pay attention?
Would you please phone me at 2.30?
Would you please pick me up at the hotel on Friday July 11th at 10:00 a.m.?
Would you please place a separator bar between your purchases and mine?
Would you please pour me a cup of coffee?
Would you please put me in touch with the General Manager of Overseas Sales of AB Software Ltd?
Would you please put out your cigarette?
Would you please put the baby to bed?
Would you please quit asking me that?
Would you please refrain from smoking when babies are here?
Would you please repeat what you just said?
Would you please repeat what you said? I didn't quite catch your name.
Would you please repeat your question?
Would you please replace the broken one promptly?
Would you please reserve a room near the Toronto International Airport?
Would you please reserve a room near the Toronto international Airport?
Would you please ring me at 2.30?
Would you please say that again?
Would you please send me a brochure and price information?
Would you please send me a catalogue by mail?
Would you please send me details of your products via e-mail as an attachment?
Would you please send the remaining five units right away?
Would you please send this letter by airmail?
Would you please show Tom how to do that?
Would you please show me a camera that is less expensive than this one?
Would you please show me another one?
Would you please show me how it's done?
Would you please show me that skirt?
Would you please show me where the Banque de France is located?
Would you please show me your photo album?
Would you please show some regard for others?
Would you please show your ID?
Would you please shut the window?
Would you please shut the windows?
Would you please shut up for a minute?
Would you please shut up?
Would you please sign our petition?
Would you please sign this document?
Would you please sit down?
Would you please sit over there?
Would you please slide the van door open?
Would you please slow down?
Would you please sort out all the white clothes from the wash?
Would you please speak a little bit more slowly?
Would you please speak a little louder?
Would you please speak a little quieter?
Would you please speak more slowly?
Would you please speak to Tom?
Would you please speak to her?
Would you please speak to him?
Would you please speak to them?
Would you please stand up?
Would you please start acting like adults?
Would you please stay here for a while?
Would you please step back?
Would you please stop doing that?
Would you please stop following me?
Would you please stop pacing around like that and just sit down for a second?
Would you please stop singing so loudly? This is not a cheap drinking place.
Would you please stop singing?
Would you please stop talking for a minute?
Would you please stop talking?
Would you please stop that?
Would you please stop upsetting Tom?
Would you please stop?
Would you please take Tom to the hospital?
Would you please take a picture?
Would you please take care of this for me?
Would you please take me home?
Would you please take my picture?
Would you please take off your shoes?
Would you please talk quieter?
Would you please teach Tom how to do that?
Would you please tell Mary why you don't want her to do that?
Would you please tell Mary why you want her to do that?
Would you please tell Tom I'm here?
Would you please tell Tom and Mary why you don't want them to do that?
Would you please tell Tom and Mary why you want them to do that?
Would you please tell Tom how to do that?
Would you please tell Tom that I'm here?
Would you please tell Tom why you don't want him to do that?
Would you please tell Tom why you don't want to do that?
Would you please tell Tom why you want him to do that?
Would you please tell Tom?
Would you please tell her to give me a call later on?
Would you please tell me a little about Tom?
Would you please tell me how to do that?
Would you please tell me how to get to the zoo?
Would you please tell me how to spell that word?
Would you please tell me the story about bird watching?
Would you please tell me the way to the station?
Would you please tell me the way?
Would you please tell me what I should do next?
Would you please tell me what you find in that safe?
Would you please tell me what you see in him?
Would you please tell me what's wrong?
Would you please tell me when to get off?
Would you please tell me when to start?
Would you please tell me your full name and address?
Would you please tell me your name again?
Would you please tell this gentleman who I am?
Would you please turn down the TV a little?
Would you please turn down the TV?
Would you please turn off the TV?
Would you please turn on the TV?
Would you please turn on the air conditioner?
Would you please turn on the light?
Would you please turn the TV off?
Would you please turn the light on?
Would you please wait a while?
Would you please wait for a few minutes?
Would you please wait for a minute?
Would you please write this letter on my behalf?
Would you please write with a ballpoint pen?
Would you please write your name here?
Would you pour me some more tea?
Would you pour me some water?
Would you prefer I lied?
Would you prefer Tom to do it?
Would you prefer a brand-new or a used car?
Would you prefer a cocktail?
Would you prefer a robot to serve you at the canteen?
Would you prefer a small dog or a big dog?
Would you prefer a small dog or a large dog?
Would you prefer a taxi or an Uber?
Would you prefer a window or an aisle seat?
Would you prefer chips or boiled potatoes?
Would you prefer coffee or tea?
Would you prefer going by bus?
Would you prefer it if I left?
Would you prefer me to do it instead of Tom?
Would you prefer milk or coffee?
Would you prefer not to go?
Would you prefer not to help?
Would you prefer tea or coffee?
Would you prefer tea?
Would you prefer that I leave?
Would you prefer that we leave?
Would you prefer this one?
Would you prefer to be examined by a female nurse?
Would you prefer to be examined by a male nurse?
Would you prefer to be seated at the counter or at a table?
Would you prefer to do nothing?
Would you prefer to do that by yourself?
Would you prefer to do that by yourselves?
Would you prefer to do that today?
Would you prefer to eat that with a fork or with a spoon?
Would you prefer to go fishing or hunting?
Would you prefer to go to the zoo or go to a movie?
Would you prefer to look round the cathedral before or after lunch?
Would you prefer to speak in English?
Would you prefer to speak in French or in English?
Would you prefer to speak in French?
Would you prefer to stay?
Would you prefer white or red wine?
Would you promise to keep in touch with me?
Would you proofread my essay for me?
Would you proofread this essay for me?
Would you put in a word for me?
Would you put it on the table, please?
Would you put on the air conditioning?
Would you put out the candles?
Would you put the dishes in the sink?
Would you put this in the car for me?
Would you put this in the safety deposit box?
Would you put those bags in the car?
Would you put your faith in her?
Would you put your faith in him?
Would you quit doing that?
Would you quit it with that racket?
Would you rather I didn't come?
Would you rather I didn't help you?
Would you rather I didn't help?
Would you rather I didn't leave?
Would you rather I didn't stay?
Would you rather I didn't talk?
Would you rather I leave?
Would you rather I left?
Would you rather I stay?
Would you rather I stayed?
Would you rather Tom didn't come here?
Would you rather be alone?
Would you rather be blind or be deaf?
Would you rather be doing something else now?
Would you rather be doing something else?
Would you rather be fat and ugly or thin and sexy?
Would you rather be healthy or wealthy?
Would you rather be left alone?
Would you rather be on your own?
Would you rather be rich or famous?
Would you rather be too hot or too cold?
Would you rather be tossed in jail?
Would you rather choose what to believe in or have someone else tell you what to believe in?
Would you rather come with us?
Would you rather do it alone?
Would you rather do something else?
Would you rather drink a cup of coffee?
Would you rather drink tea or coffee?
Would you rather drink wine with your mother or your father?
Would you rather eat Chinese food?
Would you rather eat a mouse or a tarantula?
Would you rather eat an apple or a pear?
Would you rather eat at a restaurant or at home?
Would you rather eat pizza or a hamburger?
Would you rather eat somewhere else?
Would you rather fight many small animals or one large animal?
Would you rather give up heating or the internet?
Would you rather go alone?
Would you rather go by train or by bus?
Would you rather go fishing or go hunting?
Would you rather go on a train or a bus?
Would you rather go sailing or swimming this afternoon?
Would you rather go to the movies or watch one at home?
Would you rather have a cup of coffee or a cup of tea?
Would you rather have a job you like or a beefy paycheck?
Would you rather lie than make him angry?
Would you rather live alone?
Would you rather live here or live in another country?
Would you rather live in Boston or Chicago?
Would you rather live in a big city or a small town?
Would you rather live in a city or in a rural area?
Would you rather live in a city or in the country?
Would you rather live in a small town or a big city?
Would you rather live in a small town or a large city?
Would you rather not do that?
Would you rather not stay?
Would you rather play dodgeball or volleyball?
Would you rather play racquetball?
Would you rather play tennis or badminton?
Would you rather play tennis or golf?
Would you rather play volleyball or watch it?
Would you rather read a book or listen to an audiobook?
Would you rather read a novel or watch a movie?
Would you rather ride a bike, ride a horse, or drive a car?
Would you rather ride a motorcycle or ride a horse?
Would you rather speak English?
Would you rather speak French?
Would you rather stay here or go somewhere else?
Would you rather stay here or go somewhere?
Would you rather stay here with Tom?
Would you rather stay here?
Would you rather trade intelligence for looks or looks for intelligence?
Would you rather travel by bus or by train?
Would you rather vacation in Hawaii or Alaska, and why?
Would you rather visit Australia or New Zealand?
Would you rather visit Boston or Chicago?
Would you rather wait outside?
Would you rather watch TV or play a game?
Would you rather watch TV or read a book?
Would you rather watch a film or a football match?
Would you rather watch a movie or a soccer game?
Would you rather watch the sunrise or sunset?
Would you rather win the lottery or work at the perfect job? And why?
Would you rather work for a large company or a small company?
Would you rather work for a large company or a small one?
Would you read it aloud, please?
Would you read me a bedtime story?
Would you read my letter and correct the mistakes, if any?
Would you read the latest novel written by my neighbor?
Would you really buy that for Tom?
Would you really buy this for me?
Would you really do that for Tom?
Would you really do that for me?
Would you really do that?
Would you really push the fat man onto the tracks?
Would you really recommend it?
Would you really want to do that?
Would you really want to live forever?
Would you really want to live here?
Would you recite the alphabet backwards, please?
Would you recognize Mary if you saw her?
Would you recognize Tom and Mary if you saw them?
Would you recognize Tom if you saw him?
Would you recognize Tom's handwriting?
Would you recognize Tom?
Would you recognize her?
Would you recognize him?
Would you recognize me?
Would you recognize them?
Would you recognize us?
Would you recommend buying a house on Park Street?
Would you relax, man?
Would you relax, please?
Would you relax?
Would you remain loyal in hard times?
Would you remain loyal in tough times?
Would you remind me not to do that again?
Would you repeat that, please?
Would you ride one of those things?
Would you ride your wheelchair down the highway?
Would you ring me at 2.30, please?
Would you risk everything for loyalty?
Would you risk it?
Would you rub some lotion on my back?
Would you run off twenty copies of his report?
Would you sacrifice the life of a human if this would save many other lives?
Would you say I was annoying?
Would you say I was good-looking?
Would you say I was handsome?
Would you say Mary is attractive?
Would you say Tom and Mary are good listeners?
Would you say Tom is a good listener?
Would you say he's a hot dude?
Would you say it once more?
Would you say that again, please?
Would you say that again?
Would you say that once more, please?
Would you say that was easy?
Would you say that's true?
Would you say they match?
Would you say you're a morning person?
Would you say you're creative?
Would you say you're dependable?
Would you say you're flexible?
Would you say you're hardworking?
Would you say you're outgoing?
Would you say you're shy?
Would you say you're talkative?
Would you say you’re a morning person?
Would you scrape that rusty pan?
Would you scrub my back, please?
Would you see if you could find out what's causing all that noise?
Would you see to it that they get properly fed?
Would you sell me one of your guitars?
Would you sell one of your guitars to me?
Would you sell this to me?
Would you send me your picture?
Would you send, by real mail, some brochures that will help me to choose a hotel?
Would you sew a button on my shirt?
Would you ship the two main characters?
Would you show it to me?
Would you show me a less expensive camera than this one?
Would you show me some ID, please?
Would you show me some rings?
Would you show me to the nearest underground station, please?
Would you show us some samples of your work?
Would you shower with cold water in winter?
Would you shut the door on your way out?
Would you shut the door, please?
Would you shut the door?
Would you shut the gate for me?
Would you shut the gate on your way out?
Would you shut the gate, please?
Would you shut the gate?
Would you shut the window, please?
Would you shut up for a minute?
Would you shut up?
Would you sign a prenuptial agreement?
Would you sign an autograph?
Would you sign here?
Would you sign right here?
Would you sing at our wedding?
Would you sing for Tom?
Would you sing for me?
Would you sing us a song in English?
Would you sing us a song in French?
Would you sit with Tom?
Would you sit with me?
Would you sleep with me?
Would you slice me a piece of ham, please?
Would you slow down a little?
Would you slow down?
Would you speak more slowly, please?
Would you speak more slowly?
Would you speak up?
Would you stand by her, no matter what?
Would you stand by him no matter what?
Would you stand up, please?
Would you stand, Tom?
Would you start?
Would you stay if I asked you to?
Would you stay right there?
Would you stay tonight, perhaps?
Would you step aside?
Would you step outside for a minute?
Would you step outside, please?
Would you stick around for a minute?
Would you still be studying Japanese if it weren't for anime?
Would you still be willing to do that for us?
Would you still be willing to do that?
Would you still love me if I wasn't a werewolf?
Would you stop babbling?
Would you stop banging over there?
Would you stop being so uptight?
Would you stop calling me that?
Would you stop doing that, please?
Would you stop doing that?
Would you stop it?
Would you stop looking at me like that?
Would you stop loving me if I became ugly?
Would you stop loving me if I become ugly?
Would you stop saying that?
Would you stop staring at me?
Would you stop that caterwauling?
Would you stop that racket?
Would you stop that, please?
Would you stop that?
Would you stop this nonsense?
Would you stop this silliness?
Would you stop treating me like a child just because I suck at English?
Would you stop what's going on if you could?
Would you stop, please?
Would you stop?
Would you swear on that with your hand on the Bible?
Would you swear to that?
Would you take Tom to Boston with you?
Would you take a look at something for me?
Would you take a look at this beautiful baby?
Would you take a message, please?
Would you take a picture of us with this camera?
Would you take it easy?
Would you take me there tomorrow?
Would you take my jacket to the cleaners?
Would you take part in the project?
Would you take part in this event?
Would you take that away?
Would you talk to Tom for me?
Would you talk to Tom?
Would you talk to her?
Would you talk to him?
Would you talk to them?
Would you teach me how to dance?
Would you teach me how to do that?
Would you teach me how to drive?
Would you teach me how to make cheese?
Would you teach me how to play chess?
Would you teach me how to play that song?
Would you teach me that?
Would you teach me to fly?
Would you teach me to surf?
Would you teach me?
Would you teach that to me?
Would you tell Mary I'd like to see her?
Would you tell Mary what she did that made you so angry?
Would you tell Mary why you don't want her to do that?
Would you tell Mary why you want her to do that?
Would you tell Tom I dropped by?
Would you tell Tom I'd like to see him?
Would you tell Tom I'm back?
Would you tell Tom I'm here?
Would you tell Tom I'm ready?
Would you tell Tom and Mary I'd like to see them?
Would you tell Tom and Mary what they did that made you so angry?
Would you tell Tom and Mary why you don't want them to do that?
Would you tell Tom and Mary why you want them to do that?
Would you tell Tom for me?
Would you tell Tom something for me?
Would you tell Tom that I'm back?
Would you tell Tom that Mary called?
Would you tell Tom that Mary phoned?
Would you tell Tom that we're back?
Would you tell Tom we need his help?
Would you tell Tom we're back?
Would you tell Tom what he did that made you so angry?
Would you tell Tom why Mary didn't do that?
Would you tell Tom why Mary doesn't want to do that?
Would you tell Tom why we don't want to do that?
Would you tell Tom why you didn't do that?
Would you tell Tom why you don't enjoy doing that?
Would you tell Tom why you don't like doing that?
Would you tell Tom why you don't want Mary to do that?
Would you tell Tom why you don't want him to do that?
Would you tell Tom why you don't want to do that?
Would you tell Tom why you want him to do that?
Would you tell her I'm ready?
Would you tell her for me?
Would you tell her that Tom phoned?
Would you tell her we're back?
Would you tell him I'm ready?
Would you tell him for me?
Would you tell him we're back?
Would you tell me how to pronounce this syllable-by-syllable?
Would you tell me how to syllabify the word?
Would you tell me how you did that?
Would you tell me the time, please?
Would you tell me the way?
Would you tell me what Tom did that made you so angry?
Would you tell me what Tom did?
Would you tell me what happened last night?
Would you tell me what the problem is?
Would you tell me what time the train starts?
Would you tell me what's going on here?
Would you tell me when to get off?
Would you tell me where his house is?
Would you tell me why Tom and Mary don't want to do that?
Would you tell me why Tom did that?
Would you tell me why Tom didn't do that?
Would you tell me why Tom doesn't want to do that?
Would you tell me why you did that?
Would you tell me why you didn't do that?
Would you tell me why you don't like Tom?
Would you tell me why you don't like doing that?
Would you tell me why you don't want to do that?
Would you tell me why you don't want to go to Australia with Tom?
Would you tell me why you don't want to go to Australia with us?
Would you tell me why you don't want to go to Boston with Tom?
Would you tell me why you don't want to go to Boston with us?
Would you tell me why you have refused their offer?
Would you tell me why you want Tom to do that?
Would you tell me why you want to do that?
Would you tell me why you want us to do that?
Would you tell me why you weren't here yesterday?
Would you tell me your email address?
Would you tell me your name and phone number?
Would you tell the head chef that it was very delicious?
Would you tell them I'm ready?
Would you tell them for me?
Would you tell them we're back?
Would you tell us about your guitar?
Would you tell us what happened?
Would you tell us what you do for a living?
Would you think about marrying me?
Would you trade your shoes?
Would you translate this for me?
Would you treat me to bubble tea later?
Would you trust Tom?
Would you trust him with your heart?
Would you trust him with your secret?
Would you trust them?
Would you trust this person with your child?
Would you try this on?
Would you turn down the stereo a little?
Would you turn that off?
Would you turn that on?
Would you turn that thing off already?
Would you two excuse me one moment?
Would you two give us a minute, please?
Would you two knock it off with the loud noise? I'm trying to sleep.
Would you two knock it off with the loud noise? I’m trying to sleep.
Would you two like to be alone?
Would you two like to do that with us?
Would you undraw the curtains?
Would you unlock the door, please?
Would you unlock the gate, please?
Would you update my software?
Would you use a scythe instead of a lawnmower?
Would you use this app?
Would you wait a second?
Would you wait for me?
Would you wait here for a minute?
Would you wait if you were me?
Would you wake me up every morning?
Would you wake up, you'll be late for school.
Would you want Mary to do that by herself?
Would you want Tom and Mary to do that by themselves?
Would you want Tom to buy that for you?
Would you want Tom to do that by himself?
Would you want Tom to do that for you?
Would you want Tom to do that to you?
Would you want Tom to do that?
Would you want something else?
Would you want to be a vampire if you could?
Would you want to be in Australia now?
Would you want to be in Boston now?
Would you want to be stranded on a deserted island with her?
Would you want to be stranded on a deserted island with him?
Would you want to do that?
Would you want to go out with Tom?
Would you want to know how you're going to die?
Would you want to live forever?
Would you want to live like that?
Would you want to use this?
Would you want your daughter to marry a guy like me?
Would you wear a Stetson?
Would you wear something like that?
Would you wear that?
Would you wear this?
Would you welcome the chance to come back to Algeria?
Would you wipe the table for me?
Would you work 40+ hours a week?
Would you work for food?
Would you work for minimum wage?
Would you work holidays and weekends?
Would you write your name in my notebook?
Would you, please, hurry up?
Would you, please, join our team?
Would your mom approve?
Would your mom disapprove?
Would your name be Tom, by any chance?
Wouldn't Tom be pleased with that?
Wouldn't Tom like to do that?
Wouldn't Tom need to go to Boston?
Wouldn't a little more of a balanced diet be best?
Wouldn't almost anyone admit that?
Wouldn't it be a better idea to cancel everything?
Wouldn't it be amazing to create the world's largest dictionary?
Wouldn't it be best to ask Tom?
Wouldn't it be better for us to do that today?
Wouldn't it be better for us to do that tomorrow?
Wouldn't it be better for us to go to the movies rather than to a theater?
Wouldn't it be better if I went with you?
Wouldn't it be better if Mary did that by herself?
Wouldn't it be better if Mary didn't do that by herself?
Wouldn't it be better if Tom and Mary did that by themselves?
Wouldn't it be better if Tom and Mary didn't do that by themselves?
Wouldn't it be better if Tom did that by himself?
Wouldn't it be better if Tom did that with someone else?
Wouldn't it be better if Tom did that?
Wouldn't it be better if Tom didn't do that by himself?
Wouldn't it be better if Tom didn't do that?
Wouldn't it be better if Tom talked to Mary privately?
Wouldn't it be better if Tom wasn't here?
Wouldn't it be better if Tom weren't here?
Wouldn't it be better if we asked Tom for permission first?
Wouldn't it be better if we didn't do that now?
Wouldn't it be better if we left early?
Wouldn't it be better if we went and got a coffee?
Wouldn't it be better if we went to the movies instead of the theater?
Wouldn't it be better if you did that by yourself?
Wouldn't it be better if you did that here?
Wouldn't it be better if you did that the way Tom showed you?
Wouldn't it be better if you didn't do that here?
Wouldn't it be better not to do that right now?
Wouldn't it be better to ask Tom's permission first?
Wouldn't it be better to ask permission first?
Wouldn't it be better to call tomorrow?
Wouldn't it be better to do that now?
Wouldn't it be better to do that today?
Wouldn't it be better to do that tomorrow?
Wouldn't it be better to do this tomorrow?
Wouldn't it be better to eat now?
Wouldn't it be better to have ","?
Wouldn't it be better to say it to him?
Wouldn't it be better to talk it out so that you both understand each other's feelings?
Wouldn't it be cool to live here?
Wouldn't it be cool to live there?
Wouldn't it be easier if Tom helped?
Wouldn't it be easier to ask Tom?
Wouldn't it be far too suspicious if you were doing it?
Wouldn't it be fun to visit Australia together?
Wouldn't it be fun to visit Boston together?
Wouldn't it be good if you behaved this well every day?
Wouldn't it be good to ask Tom?
Wouldn't it be great if Tom did that?
Wouldn't it be great if Tom quit doing that?
Wouldn't it be great if Tom won?
Wouldn't it be great if a gender-neutral pronoun for "he" or "she" existed in English?
Wouldn't it be great if there were 28 hours in a day?
Wouldn't it be great if we could have a party every day?
Wouldn't it be great if we lived forever?
Wouldn't it be more accurate to say that 'a lot' is not used before the verb because it is an adverbial rather than an adverb?
Wouldn't it be nice if Tom did that for Mary?
Wouldn't it be nice if Tom did that for us?
Wouldn't it be nice if Tom did that?
Wouldn't it be nice if Tom didn't do that again?
Wouldn't it be nice if Tom didn't do that anymore?
Wouldn't it be nice if Tom didn't do that?
Wouldn't it be nice if Tom quit doing that?
Wouldn't it be nice if Tom quit smoking?
Wouldn't it be nice if roses could talk? I'm sure they could tell us such lovely things.
Wouldn't it be nice if they did that for us?
Wouldn't it be nice if they did that?
Wouldn't it be nice if this warm weather could last?
Wouldn't it be nice to live in a house like that?
Wouldn't it be rude if you did that?
Wouldn't it be rude if you didn't do that?
Wouldn't it be so cool to be able to grant other people's wishes?
Wouldn't it be suspicious if Tom did that?
Wouldn't it be suspicious if Tom didn't do that?
Wouldn't it be too much for you?
Wouldn't it be wonderful if we only knew happiness?
Wouldn't it make you want to spit chips?
Wouldn't keeping Earth suitable for life be easier than making Mars suitable for life?
Wouldn't one suppose that Tom did it?
Wouldn't that be a bit contradictory?
Wouldn't that be a shame?
Wouldn't that be cool?
Wouldn't that be dangerous?
Wouldn't that be disloyal?
Wouldn't that be fantastic?
Wouldn't that be fun?
Wouldn't that be good?
Wouldn't that be great?
Wouldn't that be important?
Wouldn't that be interesting?
Wouldn't that be irresponsible?
Wouldn't that be lovely, Tom?
Wouldn't that be neat?
Wouldn't that be nice?
Wouldn't that be redundant?
Wouldn't that be something?
Wouldn't that be unlikely?
Wouldn't that cause problems?
Wouldn't that make you tear your hair out?
Wouldn't the world be better off if we took nonsense more seriously?
Wouldn't they be happy?
Wouldn't you agree, Tom?
Wouldn't you all like to share an orange?
Wouldn't you be bored on your own?
Wouldn't you be more worried if I didn't tell you what was going to happen?
Wouldn't you hate a man very much who could and would shorten your life by some years through the evil arts? I judge those who voluntarily shorten their own lives as much worse and more criminal.
Wouldn't you have spoken to me if you knew I was a man?
Wouldn't you have spoken to me if you'd known I was a man?
Wouldn't you like another glass of beer?
Wouldn't you like some fresh air?
Wouldn't you like something to eat?
Wouldn't you like to come in and have a cup of coffee?
Wouldn't you like to come with us, too?
Wouldn't you like to do that tomorrow?
Wouldn't you like to do that?
Wouldn't you like to drink some tea?
Wouldn't you like to eat?
Wouldn't you like to get some fresh air?
Wouldn't you like to go out and get something to eat?
Wouldn't you like to go to the zoo tomorrow?
Wouldn't you like to go with Tom?
Wouldn't you like to go with us?
Wouldn't you like to have some coffee?
Wouldn't you like to hear us sing together?
Wouldn't you like to know more about that?
Wouldn't you like to know who did that?
Wouldn't you like to know who donated the money?
Wouldn't you like to know who he is?
Wouldn't you like to know who she is?
Wouldn't you like to know who was here last night?
Wouldn't you like to know why I did that?
Wouldn't you like to know why I'm here?
Wouldn't you like to know why Tom and Mary aren't here today?
Wouldn't you like to know why Tom did that?
Wouldn't you like to know why Tom didn't do that?
Wouldn't you like to know why Tom isn't here today?
Wouldn't you like to know why Tom left?
Wouldn't you like to know?
Wouldn't you like to see Tom's references?
Wouldn't you like to see my references?
Wouldn't you like to see my stamp collection?
Wouldn't you like to stay a while?
Wouldn't you like to travel abroad?
Wouldn't you rather be in Australia?
Wouldn't you rather be in Boston?
Wouldn't you rather do that by yourself?
Wouldn't you rather do that by yourselves?
Wouldn't you rather do that later?
Wouldn't you rather do that with Tom?
Wouldn't you rather do that?
Wouldn't you rather eat Chinese food?
Wouldn't you rather go to the beach with Tom?
Wouldn't you rather sit by the window?
Wouldn't you rather spend your time doing something you enjoy?
Wouldn't you rather stay for another hour?
Wouldn't you rather stay here with Tom?
Wouldn't you rather stay here with us?
Wouldn't you rather talk about Tom?
Wouldn't you rather talk about something else?
Wouldn't you rather watch the baseball game?
Wouldn't you want that?
Wouldn't you want to remember Tom always in this fashion?
Wouldn’t it be great if a gender-neutral pronoun for "he" or "she" existed in English?
Wouldn’t it be wiser to wait?
Wouldn’t it have been better if Tom had done it by himself?
Wouldn’t you agree with that?
Wouldn’t you have done the same?
Wouldn’t you like another glass of beer?
Wouldn’t you like to come with us, too?
Wouldn’t you like to drink some tea?
Wouldn’t you like to eat?
Wouldn’t you like to get some fresh air?
Wouldn’t you rather sit by the window?
Wouldn’t you rather spend your time doing something you enjoy?
Wouldn’t you think an alchemist to be a god, if he could add ten years to your lifespan, and bring back old age to the vigour of youth?
Wounded bears are usually very dangerous.
Wounded, Ziri struggled to continue the fight.
Wounds heal as time passes.
Wounds heal, scars remain.
Wounds made with knives heal. Wounds made with words don't.
Wow!
Wow! Are you being serious?
Wow! Are you serious?
Wow! Cherry blossoms are already blooming.
Wow! Did you see that?
Wow! I didn't know that.
Wow! I weigh the same as a guy who's eight feet tall. I've got to grow!
Wow! Interesting!
Wow! Is that a shark?
Wow! Is that you? You look wonderful.
Wow! It's almost like we're on another planet.
Wow! It's almost like we've landed on another planet.
Wow! It's been a long time.
Wow! It’s been a long time.
Wow! Look at him eat!
Wow! Look at that good-looking girl over there.
Wow! Perfect.
Wow! Pianos are expensive.
Wow! Talented!
Wow! That looks delicious.
Wow! That's cheap!
Wow! That's too bad.
Wow! That’s cheap!
Wow! The color scarlet is beautiful.
Wow! The pilaf at this restaurant is really good!
Wow! The pulao at this restaurant is really good!
Wow! This is amazing!
Wow! This is beautiful.
Wow! This is so beautiful!
Wow! This is so cool!
Wow! Thousands of fish!
Wow! What a big box!
Wow! What a wonderful idea.
Wow! What an amazing idea you had.
Wow! What an eater!
Wow! What was that?
Wow! What's that?
Wow! You know Berber?
Wow! You must be a genius.
Wow! You speak my language!
Wow! You're so manly!
Wow! You've lost a lot of weight.
Wow! You've lost weight. Are you on a diet?
Wow! Your idea is great.
Wow, Daniel has put on a lot of weight since the last time I saw him.
Wow, I saw a car painted with anime characters for real. I think it's the first time.
Wow, I'm a fucking retard.
Wow, Mary is a hot piece of ass.
Wow, Tom! You made this?
Wow, admin accounts really do have a lot more features than regular accounts.
Wow, all of this?
Wow, another pointed question.
Wow, are you smart, huh?
Wow, did you just see that robot walk by? It must have been Super Chrome 5000!
Wow, did you see the robot waking by just now? It was the SUPER CHROME 5000 without a doubt!
Wow, he drank five bottles of wine!
Wow, he have a stinky feet when he take off his socks.
Wow, isn't that amazing?
Wow, it's been more than 10 years since I graduated from that school.
Wow, it's hot today.
Wow, it's pretty cold today.
Wow, it's really late.
Wow, it's snow!
Wow, it's snowing!
Wow, it's so cold!
Wow, it's swarming with tourists!
Wow, it's totally white.
Wow, it’s hot today.
Wow, it’s pretty cold today.
Wow, it’s swarming with tourists!
Wow, look at all this stuff.
Wow, look at all this.
Wow, look at these prices!
Wow, look at this sushi!
Wow, look at this.
Wow, pretty ring!
Wow, she's good.
Wow, she’s got a lot of pace, I’m impressed!
Wow, so cold!
Wow, thanks a lot.
Wow, that dog is really talented!
Wow, that girl's gorgeous!
Wow, that is one badass dude!
Wow, that line is huge!
Wow, that looks tasty.
Wow, that sky is really something.
Wow, that was close.
Wow, that was easy.
Wow, that was fast!
Wow, that was good.
Wow, that was impressive!
Wow, that's a big clock! Yes, it's a grandfather clock.
Wow, that's a big clock! Yes, it's a longcase clock.
Wow, that's a full rainbow all the way.
Wow, that's a lot of books!
Wow, that's amazing!
Wow, that's cool.
Wow, that's deep.
Wow, that's great.
Wow, that's pretty. The sea is shining.
Wow, that's so big.
Wow, that's so cool.
Wow, that's so interesting!
Wow, that's very interesting.
Wow, that’s a full rainbow all the way.
Wow, that’s pretty. The sea is shining.
Wow, that’s so big.
Wow, the country is beautiful!
Wow, the water is cold. I just better not get sick.
Wow, there are seven people here!
Wow, there's a nose hole!
Wow, there's all sorts of different vending machines.
Wow, these are tasty doughnuts!
Wow, this blew up. While you're here, consider supporting Tatoeba, a free multilingual database of example sentences translated into various languages.
Wow, this brings back memories. This is a picture of when I was five years old.
Wow, this chocolate is out of this world.
Wow, this is a nice table!
Wow, this is a nice table.
Wow, this is beautiful.
Wow, this is crazy.
Wow, this is different.
Wow, this is just like 1984.
Wow, this is loud!
Wow, this place is a lot bigger than I was expecting it to be.
Wow, this school even has a golf club...
Wow, this water's hot!
Wow, tough crowd.
Wow, we're finally in Paris. Where should we visit first?
Wow, we’re finally in Paris. Where should we visit first?
Wow, what a coincidence!
Wow, what a fast horse!
Wow, what a goal! You're really lucky, kid!
Wow, what a pretty ring!
Wow, what a surprise!
Wow, what a vicious cycle.
Wow, what are you doing?
Wow, you catch on quick.
Wow, you got your hair cut short. For a moment, I didn't recognize you!
Wow, you have 2 girlfriends? Don't let one see you with the other.
Wow, you kicked him!
Wow, you look different.
Wow, you look really beautiful.
Wow, you say that like it's nothing!
Wow, you totally look like an artist.
Wow, you're a lucky guy.
Wow, you're dressed to kill.
Wow, you're good at that.
Wow, you're good.
Wow, you're on the front page!
Wow, you're really in a bad mood. Don't get scrappy.
Wow, you're really obsessed with Tom.
Wow, you're right.
Wow, you're so lucky!
Wow, you're such a genius!
Wow, you're such a genius.
Wow, you've really grown up.
Wow, you've traveled to so many places!
Wow, your TV is really small!
Wow, your neighbour is an anatomic bomb!
Wow, your shirt is really wrinkled.
Wow, you’re dressed to kill.
Wow.
Wow. It must be nice.
Wow. Look at you!
Wow. The stars are so beautiful out here.
Wraiths are supernatural beings.
Wrap a superstition in a book, and you've got a religion.
Wrap him up tight.
Wrap it up and put a bow on it.
Wrap it up.
Wrap it, please.
Wrap it.
Wrap tape around the pipe.
Wrap that up.
Wrap the band-aid around your finger.
Wrap the dough in clear film and chill for 15 to 30 minutes.
Wrap the gauze around the dressing.
Wrap the pastry with a banana leaf.
Wrap the pots in polythene to retain moisture.
Wrap the wire in electrical tape.
Wrap up the day and get some rest.
Wrap up warm.
Wrap up warm. It's cold outside.
Wrap your head in a scarf.
Wrap your loving arms around me.
Wrap yourself up.
Wrap yourself warm, it is cold out there.
Wrath doesn't control me, I control wrath instead.
Wrath is a sin.
Wreckage was floating here and there, mute evidence of disasters that had occurred, perhaps close at hand, perhaps thousands of miles away.
Wrestling was the most popular organized sport in Ancient Greece.
Wriggle your toes.
Wright changed the course of American architecture.
Wright didn’t pioneer the open floor plan coveted by today’s homeowners but his embrace of the concept helped popularize the design element.
Wring out your sponge after every usage.
Wring those clothes well before you hang them up.
Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been.
Wrinkles? I spent too much time to have them to be ashamed of them.
Write Berber properly.
Write Spanish.
Write Tom a note to thank him.
Write Tom a note.
Write Tom a thank you note.
Write Tom about that.
Write Tom something.
Write Tom.
Write a comment.
Write a composition of ten sentences.
Write a hundred times: "I won't be bad!"
Write a new song.
Write a nominal sentence.
Write a note to Tom to thank him.
Write a paragraph by using adjectives to describe the person’s appearance.
Write a paragraph on the climate in Provence.
Write a paragraph using adjectives to describe a person's appearance.
Write a paragraph using adjectives to describe the person's appearance.
Write a poem with four three-line stanzas.
Write a poem with three four-line stanzas.
Write a report.
Write a sentence containing three verbs.
Write a sentence on the board.
Write a sentence that isn't vague in meaning!
Write a sentence where the meaning is clear!
Write a sentence with three verbs.
Write a short essay.
Write a short text about yourself.
Write a thank-you note when someone goes out of his or her way to help you.
Write about the following topic.
Write about the relationship between the artificial environment and the natural environment.
Write about what you did last weekend.
Write about what you know.
Write an answer.
Write an article based on your own experiences abroad or other people's in your own country.
Write an essay on "Friendship".
Write any word in Russian.
Write as elegantly as Dante. Let the beauty of your style be your goal.
Write as much as you want.
Write at least 250 words.
Write back to me as soon as you get this letter.
Write better.
Write carefully and legibly.
Write clear and unambiguous texts!
Write clear text!
Write clearly!
Write clearly, please.
Write confidently.
Write down Tom's address for Mary.
Write down Tom's address.
Write down Tom’s address for Mary.
Write down each word.
Write down four good things that happened to you today.
Write down four things you're grateful for.
Write down his address.
Write down his phone number before you forget.
Write down how it ended.
Write down my number.
Write down the date of the day.
Write down the facts needed to convince other people.
Write down the medications you need on this piece of paper.
Write down the medications you need, and I'll try to get them for you.
Write down the medicine you need on this piece of paper.
Write down the name in case you forget it.
Write down what I am going to dictate.
Write down what I am going to say to you.
Write down what I'm going to say to you.
Write down what Tom said.
Write down what Tom says.
Write down what the teacher dictates in the French class.
Write down what you need.
Write down what you want to achieve.
Write down whatever pops into your mind.
Write down your address and home phone number.
Write down your date of birth here.
Write down your goals on a piece of paper.
Write down your goals.
Write down your name here.
Write down your name with a pencil, please.
Write down your needs.
Write down your questions.
Write down your thoughts every day and one day you'll be able to understand something about yourself.
Write everything down.
Write everything in your own words.
Write her a note to thank her.
Write her a note.
Write high-quality sentences in a language that you know very well.
Write high-quality sentences.
Write him a note.
Write him.
Write how many pages are made by hand.
Write in Berber.
Write in Kabyle.
Write in ink.
Write in less than 50 words.
Write in the date yourself.
Write in words the numbers you can see in the picture!
Write in your language!
Write it all down.
Write it down before you forget it.
Write it down here, please.
Write it down so you don't forget it.
Write it down so you don't forget.
Write it down so you won't forget.
Write it down!
Write it down.
Write it for me in a sentence.
Write it in Berber.
Write it in French.
Write it in Kabyle!
Write it in pencil.
Write it in your language!
Write it quickly!
Write it slowly, and with good penmanship.
Write it so that everyone can understand.
Write it up.
Write it with a pen.
Write it, please.
Write it.
Write legibly!
Write legibly.
Write me a check for a thousand euros, please!
Write me a letter as soon as you get there.
Write me a letter or send me an email sometimes!
Write me a letter.
Write me a message.
Write me a note.
Write me an email if you feel like it.
Write me if you have any problems.
Write me if you need help.
Write me if you will come.
Write me in Berber.
Write me in French.
Write me something.
Write me sometime, OK?
Write me when you arrive.
Write me.
Write neatly and legibly.
Write on alternate lines.
Write on every other line.
Write one example of a heterogeneous mixture you might find in everyday life.
Write only your family name in capitals.
Write out a receipt.
Write properly.
Write short sentences!
Write something about this picture.
Write something about your life.
Write something nice about it.
Write something nice on my cast.
Write something!
Write something.
Write soon!
Write that anywhere.
Write that down.
Write the Berber language properly.
Write the address and the home phone number.
Write the address clearly.
Write the address legibly!
Write the alphabet in capitals.
Write the amount on the check in letters as well as figures.
Write the amount on the check in words as well as figures.
Write the answer in English, please.
Write the answer on this piece of paper, please.
Write the boss an email.
Write the date after the signature.
Write the date of your birth.
Write the date under the signature.
Write the date under your signature.
Write the date.
Write the essay and don't get distracted.
Write the essay and don’t get distracted.
Write the essay in Berber.
Write the most important information with a red pen.
Write the postcode correctly.
Write the pronunciation between brackets.
Write the question.
Write the receiver’s name here, please.
Write the recipient's name at the top of the letter.
Write the recipient's name here, please.
Write the sender's address on the backside!
Write the sentences that need to be translated and I will translate them.
Write the text in your Facebook page.
Write the translation of the text, please.
Write them a note.
Write these new vocabulary words in your notebook.
Write these words down in your notebook.
Write these words in your notebook.
Write this down, please.
Write this down.
Write this in English.
Write this in the introductory section of your paper.
Write this in your language!
Write this word in Berber.
Write those Berber phrases down.
Write those challenges down and try to come up with three different solutions for each one.
Write to Tom right away.
Write to Tom.
Write to her.
Write to him for me, Jan.
Write to him right away.
Write to him.
Write to me as soon as you get there.
Write to me as soon as you reach there.
Write to me at some point, won't you?
Write to me if you need help.
Write to me if you're coming.
Write to me in French.
Write to me please.
Write to me sometime and let me know what you're doing.
Write to me sometimes and let me know how you are doing.
Write to me.
Write to me. My address is still the old one.
Write to the manufacturer if the machine develops the same fault again.
Write to them.
Write to us.
Write to wekfadu.
Write today's date after your signature.
Write today's date under your signature.
Write two expressions that are followed by either count or non-count nouns in conversation.
Write unambiguous texts.
Write up the daily report today!
Write what I say!
Write what you know.
Write whatever comes to mind.
Write with a ballpoint pen.
Write with a pen, not with a pencil.
Write with a pen, please.
Write with a pen.
Write with a pencil so that you can, if necessary, rub out what you've written.
Write with pen and ink.
Write with the right hand.
Write with your left hand.
Write words.
Write your address here.
Write your address, please.
Write your answer into the following blue field.
Write your answer on the whiteboard.
Write your answer with a pen.
Write your answer with a pencil.
Write your answers with a pencil.
Write your congressman.
Write your date of birth here.
Write your friend's faults on the sand!
Write your full name and address.
Write your full name.
Write your goals down on a sheet of paper.
Write your goals down.
Write your homework in ink, not in pencil.
Write your letters with a pen.
Write your name and address at the end of the document.
Write your name and address here.
Write your name and address on this envelope.
Write your name and address, please.
Write your name and address.
Write your name and phone number on the list.
Write your name at the bottom of the paper.
Write your name at the top of your paper.
Write your name here.
Write your name in capital letters.
Write your name in capitals.
Write your name in full.
Write your name in pencil.
Write your name in the same place.
Write your name in this box.
Write your name in this space.
Write your name next to mine.
Write your name on the blackboard and then introduce yourself to the class.
Write your name on the cover of your notebook.
Write your name on the first page of your notebook.
Write your name on the front of your notebook.
Write your name on the list and give it to the one who's near you.
Write your name on the list and give it to your neighbor.
Write your name on the notebook cover.
Write your name on the top of the paper.
Write your name on this piece of paper.
Write your name on this sheet of paper.
Write your name with pencil, please.
Write your name with the pencil.
Write your name, first of all.
Write your name.
Write your names.
Write your own name on the dotted line.
Write your questions down.
Write your remarks on a sheet of paper.
Write your surname on the fourth line.
Write your telephone number down on this pad.
Write your uncle a letter and let him know.
Write!
Writers always have to have the last word.
Writers are as jealous as pigeons.
Writers draw on their imagination.
Writers often refer to a dictionary.
Writers often use a pseudonym.
Writers such as novelists and poets don't seem to benefit much from the advance of science.
Writers such as novelists and poets don’t seem to benefit much from the advance of science.
Writing English for me has nothing whatsoever to do with England. You have to detach this international language from its land of origin.
Writing French is more difficult than speaking it.
Writing a children's book doesn't qualify you to comment on healthcare.
Writing a children's book has long been a dream of mine.
Writing a haiku is easier than writing a sonnet.
Writing a love letter isn't easy.
Writing a novel often takes several years.
Writing a novel sometimes takes several years.
Writing a short, concise report is difficult.
Writing books is clearly not your forte.
Writing cannot express all words, words cannot encompass all ideas.
Writing cheat sheets is very useful.
Writing code is easier than reading it.
Writing crib sheets is very useful.
Writing doesn't interest me. I want to read, not write. I want to read.
Writing fatigued me.
Writing for children is like writing for adults, only it has to be done better.
Writing in English comes naturally to me.
Writing in Roman letters is bad for Japanese learners' brains.
Writing in a blog post, the Center for Global Development said seasonal decorative lights account for 6.6 billion kilowatt hours of electricity, that is more than the national electricity consumption of El Salvador, Ethiopia, Tanzania, Nepal or Cambodia.
Writing in a diary is a good habit.
Writing in romaji isn't good for Japanese learners to always do, because they use it as a crutch instead of learning to use kana and kanji.
Writing in the American Journal of Psychiatry, researchers from the University of Vermont found that the traditional method of treating SAD, light therapy, does not work as well as cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT), a form of psychotherapy.
Writing in the Astrophysical Journal, researchers from the California Institute of Technology say the hypothetical massive planet at the edge of the solar system could be the reason the planets orbit at a six-degree slant relative to the sun.
Writing in the journal Applied and Environmental Microbiology, researchers from Belgium, a country known for it’s chocolate, say that different yeasts used in the fermentation stage of chocolate production impart different flavors and aromas to the final product.
Writing in this forum is just a game. Don't take it seriously as if we're making products.
Writing is a deeper sleep than death.
Writing is a lonely way of life. You shut yourself up in your study and work and work.
Writing is a vocation because it is meant to serve.
Writing is easy. All you have to do is cross out the wrong words.
Writing is good.
Writing is mankind's noblest conquest.
Writing is not easy.
Writing is reversed in a mirror.
Writing is therapy.
Writing is useful.
Writing isn't easy.
Writing love letters isn't easy for me.
Writing love letters isn't easy.
Writing new year's cards is a Japanese institution.
Writing new year’s cards is a Japanese institution.
Writing news stories is his job.
Writing novels is her hobby.
Writing novels is her pastime.
Writing or translating poems to Esperanto is easier than other languages.
Writing paper, please!
Writing poetry is an art.
Writing reference cards is very useful.
Writing rules exist to protect the text.
Writing sentences about those motherfuckers helps me get all that rage off my chest.
Writing sentences can be a fun way to kill time.
Writing sentences used in real life is not against the rules.
Writing so many sentences in Tatoeba makes me feel like I am a writer.
Writing songs is my hobby.
Writing this report was difficult.
Writing this report was easy.
Writing this report was hard.
Writing this report wasn't easy.
Writing two separate words when it should be written as one is a big problem in Norway.
Writing up history is a method of getting rid of the past.
Writing with chalk is trivial.
Writing, translating, and updating correspondence took up a large chunk of his nights.
Writings by ethnic minorities begin to reach a critical mass.
Written as it is in easy style, the book is for beginners.
Written as it is in plain English, the book is suitable for beginners.
Written as it is in plain English, the book is useful for beginners.
Written as it is in plain English, this book is useful to beginners.
Written as it is plain English, this book is useful for beginners.
Written by hand, the letter was not very easy to read.
Written for children, this book is easy to read.
Written in English, this book is easy for me to read.
Written in French, this book is not easy to read.
Written in easy English, the book is easy to read.
Written in easy English, this book is suitable for beginners.
Written in plain English, the book can be read even by you.
Written in plain English, the book is suitable for beginners.
Written in plain English, this book is easy to read.
Written in plain style, as it is, his paper is easy to read.
Written in simple English, this book is easy to read.
Written in simple English, this book is suitable for beginners.
Written in technical terms, this book is very difficult to understand.
Written language influences spoken language, and spoken language influences written language.
Written literature in the Kabyle language started not too long ago.
Written on the blackboard was my name.
Written out as a German word, 925,814,703,692 is a monstrosity. Therefore, I strongly advise you to write out this number with digits.
Written text generally cannot convey the intonation of spoken language.
Written text generally does not convey the intonation of spoken language.
Written too quickly, the letter had many mistakes.
Written words, carrier pigeons, the telegraph, and many other devices carried ideas faster and faster from man to man.
Written, as it is, in easy English, the book is easy to read.
Written, as it is, in easy English, the book is suitable for beginners.
Wrong number!
Wrong them, and they will wrong you.
Wrong username or password.
Wrong!
Wrong! - or no? Correct!
Wrong.
Wu opened his shoe manufacturing business about 15 years ago and it had been doing well until now, he said.
Wuhan is a city located in Hubei, China.
Wuhan is considered ground zero for COVID-19.
Wuhan is the Chinese city that gave us the COVID-19 virus.
Wuhan is the capital of Hubei.
Wuhan is the epicenter of the coronavirus epidemic.
Wuhan's virology lab has no samples corresponding to COVID.
Wuhan, China, is the origin of the coronavirus outbreak.
Wynken, Blynken, and Nod one night Sailed off in a wooden shoe,— Sailed on a river of crystal light Into a sea of dew.
Wynne says once people understand that they can have fun and feel better at an alcohol-free bar, they will want to return.
Wyoming Republicans killed a bill to raise the legal marriage age to 16, citing their "constitutional right" to marry a child.
Wyoming doesn't exist.
Wyoming has not embraced the energy transition.
Wyoming has the nation’s lowest rate of acceptance that humans are the main cause of climate change.
Wyoming is a flyover state; there’s nothing interesting to do there.
Wyoming is famous for its great skiing.
Wyoming is gorgeous.
X is impure.
X is unsafe.
X marks the spot.
X rays are used to locate breaks in bones.
X Æ A-Xii is bullied in school.
X-ray telescopes show humans the wonders of the cosmos.
XDR-TB does not respond to two first-line drugs commonly used to treat TB, and it is resistant to at least two second-line drugs. Without treatment, the condition is fatal.
XOXO.
XYZ used to be a good restaurant, but it has gone to seed now.
XYZ.
Xalbo, who are you talking to?
Xavier is a young student in economics at Paris University.
Xavier is a young student studying economics at the University of Paris.
Xavier played chess.
Xavier proclaims a syncretic stance in religion.
Xavier sells avocado bread at the market.
Xavier sells pumpkin bread in the market.
Xavier speaks English very poorly.
Xenon is the 54th chemical element. It is colorless, odorless and tasteless.
Xenophobes base their worldview on hating certain groups of people. I, on the other hand, hate all groups of people.
Xenophobia is a waste of energy that could be spent on far more useful endeavors.
Xenophobia is a widespread attitude in ghettos.
Xerxes declared war on the Greeks.
Xerxes' soldiers killed Leonidas.
Xi Jinping claims that China is ready to invade Taiwan.
Xi Jinping is similar to Winnie the Pooh.
Xi Jinping is somewhat similar to Winnie the Pooh.
Xi Jinping likes to present China as an advanced nation with a powerful military.
Xi Jinping wants to keep the Communist Party in power.
Xi Jinping wants to restore the greatness of China.
Xi Jinping will not give up his power.
Xi is China's strongest leader in more than fifty years.
Xi is a great gentleman. He's now president for life. President for life. And he's great. And look, he was able to do that. I think it's great. Maybe we'll have to give that a shot someday.
Xi wants to establish China as an international peacemaker.
Xiang was a big-faced affable Mandarin-speaker at my software workplace on top of Burnaby Mountain. Our team used the Smalltalk programming language.
Xiao Wang arrived in Beijing.
Xiao Wang followed my advice and quit smoking.
Xiao Wang, can I use your bike? Forget I said that, you are riding it!
Xiao Yu, this is Juan, and I am Juan's friend.
Xiaoding and Xueyou are sitting there listening to Teacher Wang talk.
Xiaoding asked Teacher Lin while holding a picture: "Is this picture of you taken in the Beijing University Library?"
Xiaoding's father's name is written down on the envelope.
Xiaoli is the tallest in our class.
Xiaoli often loses sleep because his neighbours are always arguing loudly.
Xiaolin's eyebrows are thick, his eyes are big, and his eyelashes are long.
Xiaoma as he calls himself is a handsome Jew that has learned different topolects of Chinese. He is on Social Media.
Xiaoma as he calls himself is a handsome Jew that has learned different topolects of Chinese. He lives in New York City.
Xiaoming Wang has never been to America. He really wants to go next year.
Xiaoming Wang has never been to the United States. He really wants to go next year.
Xiaoming could not handle his mother's scolding anymore, bursting into tears.
Xiaoming cried for an hour while watching the movie.
Xiaoming doesn't know how to control herself.
Xiaoming has really poor self-control.
Xiaoming really likes model airplanes.
Xiaowang, when were you born?
Ximena's hair is the blackest out of all her sisters'.
Ximena’s hair is the blackest out of all her sisters’.
Xochipepe likes flowers.
Xoqolat is my Chocolate Dream Conlang. It allows the code-switching between Lojban structure words and the bulk of Interlingua, a combination of the purple and the blue. It is really still a prototype of a super-duper conlang.
Xoán is a good student.
Xu Huping is the head of China's Nanjing Museum, which loaned 13 of the exhibition's major pieces. He said that he hopes the exhibition will be a bridge of understanding between cultures.
Xue insists on watching TV in bed.
Xueyou is holding a map of China.
Xueyou is looking at the new pictures Renmei took in Beijing.
Xunxi argued that human nature is evil.
Xylazine is proof that the heroin epidemic is intentionally being inflicted on people.
Xylem ensure that plants have enough water and nutrients to produce food.
Xóchitl is preparing a papaya and mango salad in the kitchen.
Xōchitl learns Nahuatl from her mother.
X̱wi7x̱wa Library is a new library at my university, UBC. It houses books about First Nations.
Y ain't ya axed 'bout dat?
Y is pronounced with the tongue approximating the hard palate.
Y'all are friends?
Y'all are trustworthy.
Y'all are worthless.
Y'all believe in a great thing.
Y'all better grab a plate before the casserole's all gone.
Y'all burped.
Y'all can believe me.
Y'all children are nutheads.
Y'all come! You all come see us, now!
Y'all danced.
Y'all like white wine?
Y'all must stay.
Y'all need to grow up.
Y'all need to stop what you're doing right this second!
Y'all stink.
Y'know we're short of money to have fun and ... Well to be blunt, gimme!
YOLO.
Ya gotta do what he says ya hafta.
Ya hafta smell the roses.
Ya look nice in your kennel.
Yaaaawn... I'm going to bed.
Yaakov fed the sheep.
Yaakov is a secular Jew.
Yaas queen!
Yachts are for the wealthy few.
Yada yada!
Yaguatí likes swimming in the river.
Yaguatí speaks Spanish and Guaraní.
Yaguatí speaks both Spanish and Guaraní.
Yahoo Answers will shut down forever on May 4, 2021.
Yahoo! has a cluttered look.
Yahya goes to school everyday.
Yahya is a brilliant student.
Yahya is a good boy.
Yahya likes to sing songs.
Yahya loves to read books.
Yahya plays with his friends.
Yahya treats everyone well.
Yair Stern made two attempts to collaborate with the Nazis.
Yair Stern was a terrible person and a traitor.
Yaki couldn't continue what he wanted to say because he forgot what he wanted to say.
Yakitori is a Japanese dish.
Yakitori is a Japanese food.
Yakitori is similar to shashlik.
Yaks can't be ridden.
Yaks don't tolerate people on their backs.
Yakutsk is the world's coldest city.
Yalda is the longest night of the year in the solar/Jalali calendar.
Yale University Professor of Pharmacology Dr. Yung-chi Cheng is at the vanguard of modern medical research, inventing widely-used therapies for diseases including cancer, hepatitis, and HIV.
Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut is known for its neo-Gothic campus, 20th century buildings in the style of medieval Europe.
Yale University student Matt Amodio persevered 38 consecutive times on the wildly popular and geeky game show Jeopardy! where the goal is to know more than your fellow contestants and win a lot of money.
Yale has asked supervisors of its investments not to invest in companies that do not work to reduce gas emissions.
Yale has asked supervisors of its investments not to invest in companies that do not work to reduce gas emissions. But, student activists want a clean break.
Yale said it has supported shareholder proposals that companies report on what they are doing to fight climate change.
Yamada caused the accident.
Yamada is second to none in English in his class.
Yamada isn't popular with girls in his own grade, but he's popular with the younger girls at school.
Yamada isn't very popular with the girls in his school year, but he's popular amongst the younger students.
Yamada isn’t very popular with the girls in his school year, but he’s popular amongst the younger students.
Yamada tried hard to keep his anger against his boss in check.
Yamada-san can play the guitar, and she's good at singing too.
Yamagata Prefecture's capital is Yamagata City.
Yamaguchi Prefecture's capital is Yamaguchi City.
Yamamoto had one hundred sixty-two ships.
Yamamoto is also a friend of mine.
Yamamoto is one of my friends too.
Yamamoto is one of my friends.
Yamanaka looks young for his age.
Yamanashi Prefecture's capital is Kofu City.
Yamashita is a street in Naka district which is in Yokohama town of Kanagawa prefecture.
Yamashita is stuck with no way out. His well-thought-out project was rejected and the books he worked really hard on aren't selling.
Yamashita is stuck with no way out. His well-thought-out project was rejected and the books he worked really hard on aren’t selling.
Yamato-kotoba is the language that has been used in Japan since ancient times, and whilst it has some phrases that can be easily translated into foreign language, there are also those that are difficult.
Yamoussoukro is the capital of Ivory Coast.
Yan Daxia realised he had been lied to and flew to Jiang Feng's side. He took Jiang Feng's son and left. Yan Daxia vowed revenge and left the boy with a spice merchant.
Yana already speaks German much better than I speak Russian.
Yana fooled him.
Yana lives in London.
Yana made a lentil salad.
Yana studies astrophysics in Yekaterinburg.
Yana wants to see you.
Yang doesn't like my friend.
Yang doesn’t like my friend.
Yang is one of more than a dozen people running as a Democrat for a chance at the White House in the 2020 election.
Yangon is a city constantly on the boil.
Yangzi avoided the question I asked him.
Yanii should know the truth.
Yanii's dog hated the upstairs.
Yanis hasn't arrived yet.
Yankee Doodle came to town // Riding on a pony // He stuck a feather in his cap // and called it macaroni.
Yankev and Sheyne are friends.
Yankev and Sheyne are married.
Yankev and Sheyne just met.
Yankev and Sheyne live in Bialystok.
Yankev can't follow the play because Beyle keeps getting up.
Yankev giggled.
Yankev has family in Bialystok.
Yankev is Hasidic.
Yankev is Sheyne's brother.
Yankev is Sheyne's son.
Yankev is a Hasid.
Yankev is a gay Jew.
Yankev is a leftist.
Yankev is a secular Jew.
Yankev is against Zionism.
Yankev is an anti-Zionist.
Yankev is an observant Jew.
Yankev is anti-Zionist.
Yankev is genderqueer.
Yankev is nonbinary.
Yankev keeps kosher.
Yankev opposes the state of Israel.
Yankev says he's done. Do you buy it?
Yankev threatened to knock the daylights out of Borekh if he came by his shop again.
Yankev was born in Birobidzhan.
Yankev was strongly affected by Borekh's story.
Yankev's house is yellowish gray.
Yankev's uncle Borekh lives in Bialystok.
Yann ate bread.
Yann watched a lot of movies.
Yanni IDed the body.
Yanni a co-worker.
Yanni abandoned his car.
Yanni abandoned his children.
Yanni abandoned his post.
Yanni abandoned his wife.
Yanni abandoned us.
Yanni absolutely adores his parents.
Yanni absolutely despised any guy Skura talked to.
Yanni absolutely hates everything about this.
Yanni absolutely insisted that what he saw wasn't a plane but a UFO.
Yanni absolutely loves living in Algiers.
Yanni absorbed everything he could about Islam.
Yanni accepted Islam and moved to Algeria.
Yanni accepted Skura back.
Yanni accepted Skura.
Yanni accepted it.
Yanni accepts criticism.
Yanni accidentally ate an unripe fig.
Yanni accidentally brushed Skura's hand.
Yanni accidentally changed the course of Skura's life.
Yanni accidentally dropped his phone.
Yanni accidentally dropped the water balloon on Skura's puzzle.
Yanni accidentally spilled some jam on his white tunic.
Yanni accidentally spilled some ketchup on himself.
Yanni accidentally touched Skura's chest.
Yanni accompanied Skura in the ambulance.
Yanni accused Skura of provoking him with her flirtatious behavior.
Yanni accused his art professor of being unqualified to judge his paintings.
Yanni achieved his dream.
Yanni acknowledged his father's influence.
Yanni acted distracted.
Yanni acted like he didn't notice.
Yanni acted like he was living a script from a Hollywood musical.
Yanni acted like nothing had happened.
Yanni acted out of self-defense.
Yanni actively encouraged kids from rough neighborhoods to play soccer.
Yanni actually lives here.
Yanni actually owns a building in Algiers.
Yanni added a pinch of salt to his fig jam to enhance its flavor.
Yanni added dates to his menu.
Yanni added figs into his diet.
Yanni added oil to the couscous.
Yanni added one final drop of resin into the windshield bullseye.
Yanni added one final drop of resin.
Yanni added some hundred thousand copy-paste sentences.
Yanni addressed Skura in a rude way.
Yanni adjusted the flame.
Yanni admired Skura's athletic prowess.
Yanni admired how beautiful Algiers was.
Yanni admires Skura.
Yanni admitted to being the gunman.
Yanni admitted to buying the gun.
Yanni admitted to helping Skura dispose of the gun.
Yanni admitted to proving the gun to Skura.
Yanni admitted to purchasing the gun.
Yanni adopted that posture.
Yanni adored Rima.
Yanni adored Skura's children so much.
Yanni adored his father.
Yanni adored his nephews so much.
Yanni advanced cautiously.
Yanni advanced steadily in his career.
Yanni agreed to a family dinner with his brother and four sisters.
Yanni agreed to appease his wife.
Yanni agreed to come to an amusement park with Rima.
Yanni agreed to do that.
Yanni agreed to fly to Algeria and meet Skura in person.
Yanni agreed to give Skura a lift to Algiers.
Yanni agreed to give Skura a lift.
Yanni agreed to go see a counselor.
Yanni agreed to help Skura do the shahada.
Yanni agreed to help.
Yanni agreed to put Skura up temporarily.
Yanni agreed to take Rima to her home village in Kabylie, Algeria.
Yanni agreed to take Skura to see that house.
Yanni agreed to take part in the kidnap.
Yanni agreed to teach Berber but his heart wasn't in it.
Yanni agreed to testify against Skura.
Yanni agreed to testify.
Yanni agreed.
Yanni agrees with Skura a lot.
Yanni agrees with Skura.
Yanni alerted the authorities of his suspicions.
Yanni allowed Skura to keep forty thousand dinars.
Yanni allowed entry to the burglars.
Yanni almost died in the accident.
Yanni almost got his cousin killed.
Yanni almost had a heart attack right there.
Yanni almost jumped out of his skin when he heard the sound.
Yanni almost lost his life.
Yanni almost never speaks up for himself.
Yanni almost ran into an incoming car.
Yanni almost ran over a rattlesnake lying in the middle of the road.
Yanni almost recognized Skura.
Yanni almost slid into the divider.
Yanni almost soiled himself.
Yanni almost went to college.
Yanni already doesn't like Skura.
Yanni already has a huge headstart in Berber.
Yanni already knows.
Yanni also admitted stealing from Skura.
Yanni also happened to be from Algiers.
Yanni also has a car.
Yanni also raped and sodomized Skura.
Yanni also received four life sentences.
Yanni also slept with Skura.
Yanni also works in the deli.
Yanni always believed in God.
Yanni always brushes his teeth.
Yanni always calls Skura on her birthday.
Yanni always carries a small horseshoe in his pocket.
Yanni always checks his boots for scorpions before he slips his feet inside.
Yanni always checks his surroundings.
Yanni always cleans his goat's udder before he milks it.
Yanni always complains about Tom's cooking.
Yanni always confirmed his appointment for the next day.
Yanni always dates hot girls.
Yanni always does this with his hands.
Yanni always does this.
Yanni always dresses well.
Yanni always eats leftovers.
Yanni always forgets Skura's birthday.
Yanni always gives people the benefit of the doubt.
Yanni always goes missing from Berber class.
Yanni always has bullseyes in his windshield.
Yanni always has his YouTube notifications turned on.
Yanni always has his location on his phone set to off.
Yanni always has issues when he goes to the airport.
Yanni always honors what he says.
Yanni always knows when Skura goes live on Facebook.
Yanni always leaves a light on in the hall.
Yanni always lives in Algiers.
Yanni always looked like someone about to explode in rage.
Yanni always made a big impression.
Yanni always managed to do that.
Yanni always picks his nose.
Yanni always picks up his dog's poop.
Yanni always puts his children first.
Yanni always reads the directions.
Yanni always recommends using this type of wire.
Yanni always respected his father.
Yanni always scratches his balls.
Yanni always scratches his butt.
Yanni always sees the best in people.
Yanni always sleeps with the bathroom doors closed because of the vibe he gets when he leaves it open.
Yanni always sneezes into his elbow.
Yanni always talks about God.
Yanni always thinks big.
Yanni always touches his balls.
Yanni always touches his face.
Yanni always touches his nose.
Yanni always uses rubber gloves to touch these light bulbs.
Yanni always washes his hands after touching Skura's dog.
Yanni always washes his hands after touching uncooked meat.
Yanni always washes his hands when he gets home.
Yanni always washes his hands.
Yanni always wears long pants.
Yanni always went to work.
Yanni always wins.
Yanni always yearned to become a Muslim.
Yanni amassed a fortune.
Yanni analyzed Skura's body language.
Yanni and I haven't been in Algeria for four years.
Yanni and I saw the same thing.
Yanni and I went in there.
Yanni and Mennad weigh more than Skura does.
Yanni and Mira asked Skura for her telephone number.
Yanni and Mira felt sorry for Skura.
Yanni and Mira gave a roll of film to Skura.
Yanni and Mira knew Skura was a ballet dancer.
Yanni and Mira know Skura is a very good dancer.
Yanni and Mira lost Skura's number.
Yanni and Mira met Skura on their way to the theater.
Yanni and Mira telephoned Skura again and again.
Yanni and Mira thanked Skura for the book.
Yanni and Mira went to the theater with Skura.
Yanni and Mira will drive Skura to the airport.
Yanni and Nuja accompanied Skura to Algiers.
Yanni and Nuja beat Skura at checkers.
Yanni and Nuja beat Skura unconscious.
Yanni and Nuja beat Skura up.
Yanni and Nuja believed what Skura said.
Yanni and Nuja brought Skura along.
Yanni and Nuja brought Skura here.
Yanni and Nuja called Skura back.
Yanni and Nuja danced with Skura.
Yanni and Nuja followed Skura home.
Yanni and Nuja forgave Skura.
Yanni and Nuja helped Skura get ready.
Yanni and Nuja hurried over to Skura's house.
Yanni and Nuja kept Skura company.
Yanni and Nuja kept Skura informed about their whereabouts.
Yanni and Nuja kept Skura informed.
Yanni and Nuja kept Skura posted.
Yanni and Nuja kept Skura waiting.
Yanni and Nuja knew that Skura was lying.
Yanni and Nuja let Skura in.
Yanni and Nuja let Skura swim.
Yanni and Nuja listened carefully to Skura.
Yanni and Nuja met Skura outside.
Yanni and Nuja met Skura.
Yanni and Nuja missed Skura.
Yanni and Nuja obeyed Skura.
Yanni and Nuja perked up when they heard Skura's voice.
Yanni and Nuja protected Skura.
Yanni and Nuja ran after Skura.
Yanni and Nuja ran past Skura.
Yanni and Nuja replaced Skura.
Yanni and Nuja screamed at Skura.
Yanni and Nuja shared their lunch with Skura.
Yanni and Nuja shot at Skura.
Yanni and Nuja showed Skura the photo.
Yanni and Nuja showed Skura the way.
Yanni and Nuja talked Skura into donating some money.
Yanni and Nuja talked to Skura Monday afternoon.
Yanni and Nuja texted Skura back.
Yanni and Nuja told Skura a story.
Yanni and Nuja understood what Skura meant.
Yanni and Nuja waited up for Skura.
Yanni and Nuja were angry with Skura.
Yanni and Nuja were done, but Skura wasn't.
Yanni and Nuja were furious with Skura.
Yanni and Nuja were looking at Skura's dog.
Yanni and Nuja were mad at Skura.
Yanni and Nuja were pleased to see Skura.
Yanni and Nuja were upset with Skura.
Yanni and Nuja were worried about Skura.
Yanni and Rima are always eating.
Yanni and Rima are always flirting.
Yanni and Rima are always talking.
Yanni and Rima are born to be together.
Yanni and Rima are both betrayed spouses.
Yanni and Rima are both sociopaths.
Yanni and Rima are encouraging their children to learn Berber.
Yanni and Rima are endeavoring to save their relationship.
Yanni and Rima are going through stress in life.
Yanni and Rima are good friends.
Yanni and Rima are happy.
Yanni and Rima are in a long-term relationship.
Yanni and Rima are intimate with each other.
Yanni and Rima are just friends now.
Yanni and Rima are just friends.
Yanni and Rima are just meant to be.
Yanni and Rima are now officially a couple.
Yanni and Rima are now officially married.
Yanni and Rima are on a date.
Yanni and Rima are sharing information.
Yanni and Rima are still texting.
Yanni and Rima are together.
Yanni and Rima aren't intimate with each other.
Yanni and Rima aren't really safe from an affair.
Yanni and Rima argued downstairs.
Yanni and Rima ate pizza.
Yanni and Rima began a relationship that lasted all their lives.
Yanni and Rima began an affair.
Yanni and Rima both needed to work.
Yanni and Rima both shared a passion for the arts.
Yanni and Rima can make it work.
Yanni and Rima committed emotional infidelity.
Yanni and Rima continued to pick fights.
Yanni and Rima continued to talk.
Yanni and Rima cuddle a lot.
Yanni and Rima decided to end their relationship.
Yanni and Rima decided to meet up.
Yanni and Rima decided to see each other in person.
Yanni and Rima did everything to fix their marriage.
Yanni and Rima did their homework together.
Yanni and Rima didn't like the movie.
Yanni and Rima didn't want to waste their time.
Yanni and Rima drank tea.
Yanni and Rima ended the affair.
Yanni and Rima ended their affair.
Yanni and Rima ended their secret affair.
Yanni and Rima experienced a tragedy. Their daughter contracted diphtheria and died at the age of four.
Yanni and Rima gave their little baby that name.
Yanni and Rima get along.
Yanni and Rima got a cheap pizza.
Yanni and Rima got married and had their first son in 2004.
Yanni and Rima got married in London and four years later, they moved to Algiers.
Yanni and Rima got remarried less than a year after their divorce.
Yanni and Rima had a complicated relationship.
Yanni and Rima had a great first date.
Yanni and Rima had a pleasant conversation.
Yanni and Rima had a sexual affair.
Yanni and Rima had an altercation.
Yanni and Rima had an electrified conversation.
Yanni and Rima had an emotional affair.
Yanni and Rima had inappropriate emotional intimacy.
Yanni and Rima had physical intimacy.
Yanni and Rima have a healthy marriage.
Yanni and Rima have a normal marriage.
Yanni and Rima have a secret relationship.
Yanni and Rima have a toxic relationship.
Yanni and Rima have a very complicated relationship.
Yanni and Rima have been talking for over four hours.
Yanni and Rima have children.
Yanni and Rima haven't been physically intimate in months.
Yanni and Rima haven't had sex for four months.
Yanni and Rima just had a baby.
Yanni and Rima kept their relationship alive.
Yanni and Rima know each other.
Yanni and Rima loved to eat this.
Yanni and Rima matched on Tinder.
Yanni and Rima met up for a last night together.
Yanni and Rima need to be on the same page.
Yanni and Rima need to enrich their marriage.
Yanni and Rima never date.
Yanni and Rima never dated each other.
Yanni and Rima played a fun game.
Yanni and Rima reignited their affair.
Yanni and Rima rose to fame together.
Yanni and Rima sat on the couch with their arms touching.
Yanni and Rima shared inappropriate emotional intimacy.
Yanni and Rima shared many secrets.
Yanni and Rima shared many things.
Yanni and Rima shouldn't hang out again.
Yanni and Rima split the pizza.
Yanni and Rima started a fight.
Yanni and Rima started playing a game.
Yanni and Rima started to kiss.
Yanni and Rima stayed up all night.
Yanni and Rima talked.
Yanni and Rima tried to reconcile.
Yanni and Rima want to fix their marriage.
Yanni and Rima want to stop their affair.
Yanni and Rima wanted to have another child.
Yanni and Rima welcomed their firstborn child.
Yanni and Rima went on a bowling date.
Yanni and Rima went on a date.
Yanni and Rima went shopping for their new baby.
Yanni and Rima went to a bar.
Yanni and Rima went to a hotel room.
Yanni and Rima went to a movie theater.
Yanni and Rima went to an amusement park.
Yanni and Rima went to counseling.
Yanni and Rima were able to move to a proper apartment in Algiers.
Yanni and Rima were both part of a group of artists that were labeled the "New Painters."
Yanni and Rima were doing things.
Yanni and Rima were drinking their wine.
Yanni and Rima were driven apart.
Yanni and Rima were going to go to the movies.
Yanni and Rima were having a good conversation.
Yanni and Rima were only a year apart.
Yanni and Rima were screaming.
Yanni and Rima were work spouses.
Yanni and Rima will understand.
Yanni and Rima's affair was plagued with infidelity.
Yanni and Rima's friendship spilled over into an intimacy that he should have reserved just for his wife.
Yanni and Rima's marriage is based on unconditional love.
Yanni and Rima's marriage is becoming better and better.
Yanni and Rima's marriage is off the right track.
Yanni and Rima's marriage was good.
Yanni and Rima's relationship dried up.
Yanni and Rima's relationship got sour.
Yanni and Rima's relationship grew.
Yanni and Rima's relationship intrigued biographers and historians for years.
Yanni and Rima's relationship is extremely fragile.
Yanni and Rima's relationship is still alive.
Yanni and Rima's relationship is susceptible to infidelity.
Yanni and Rima's relationship went sour.
Yanni and Salas were chilling and talking in the mosque.
Yanni and Salas were talking in the mosque.
Yanni and Sami should hook up.
Yanni and Skrua were both there.
Yanni and Skura adapted quickly.
Yanni and Skura agreed to come.
Yanni and Skura alerted the authorities.
Yanni and Skura almost never talk.
Yanni and Skura always keep their room neat.
Yanni and Skura always leave work together.
Yanni and Skura always wear black clothes.
Yanni and Skura applied for a marriage license.
Yanni and Skura are French.
Yanni and Skura are a handsome couple.
Yanni and Skura are a happy couple.
Yanni and Skura are a picture-perfect couple.
Yanni and Skura are always grumbling.
Yanni and Skura are an engaging couple.
Yanni and Skura are arguing about the same thing.
Yanni and Skura are arguing.
Yanni and Skura are as smart as anyone else in their class.
Yanni and Skura are at it.
Yanni and Skura are bakers.
Yanni and Skura are being raised differently.
Yanni and Skura are born artists.
Yanni and Skura are both Muslim.
Yanni and Skura are both asexual.
Yanni and Skura are both now in jail.
Yanni and Skura are both sad.
Yanni and Skura are both single working parents.
Yanni and Skura are calling.
Yanni and Skura are class presidents.
Yanni and Skura are co-workers.
Yanni and Skura are college football players now.
Yanni and Skura are comic book artists.
Yanni and Skura are comic book villains.
Yanni and Skura are comic book writers.
Yanni and Skura are compatible.
Yanni and Skura are dancers.
Yanni and Skura are determined to stay here, no matter what.
Yanni and Skura are different.
Yanni and Skura are done.
Yanni and Skura are drifting apart.
Yanni and Skura are eating fresh figs in the yard.
Yanni and Skura are experienced announcers.
Yanni and Skura are exploring Algiers.
Yanni and Skura are film buffs.
Yanni and Skura are football players.
Yanni and Skura are footballers.
Yanni and Skura are friends on Facebook.
Yanni and Skura are friends.
Yanni and Skura are from the same culture and have similar values.
Yanni and Skura are from two very different world.
Yanni and Skura are from vastly different cultures.
Yanni and Skura are geniuses.
Yanni and Skura are going back to school.
Yanni and Skura are going to be late for school.
Yanni and Skura are going to bump heads.
Yanni and Skura are going to butt heads.
Yanni and Skura are going to have a baby.
Yanni and Skura are gonna make things out.
Yanni and Skura are good football players.
Yanni and Skura are good friends.
Yanni and Skura are good kids.
Yanni and Skura are good people with good hearts.
Yanni and Skura are having a good time.
Yanni and Skura are having fun.
Yanni and Skura are here.
Yanni and Skura are huge fans of Matoub Lounes.
Yanni and Skura are hungry.
Yanni and Skura are in a conflict.
Yanni and Skura are in a hurry to catch the train.
Yanni and Skura are in a platonic relationship.
Yanni and Skura are in his car.
Yanni and Skura are in love with each other.
Yanni and Skura are in the classroom.
Yanni and Skura are just a washed-up football players.
Yanni and Skura are just doing what they're told to do.
Yanni and Skura are just friends.
Yanni and Skura are learning Berber together.
Yanni and Skura are looking for a job as bakers.
Yanni and Skura are lovers of cinema.
Yanni and Skura are made for each other.
Yanni and Skura are married and expecting their first child together.
Yanni and Skura are meant for each other.
Yanni and Skura are never alone.
Yanni and Skura are new Muslims.
Yanni and Skura are not available.
Yanni and Skura are not bakers.
Yanni and Skura are not butchers.
Yanni and Skura are not famous dancers.
Yanni and Skura are not friends at all.
Yanni and Skura are not real doctors.
Yanni and Skura are now talking to one of their teachers.
Yanni and Skura are old footballers.
Yanni and Skura are on TV now.
Yanni and Skura are on a diet.
Yanni and Skura are on the road to romance.
Yanni and Skura are out of each other's lives.
Yanni and Skura are physically attracted to each other.
Yanni and Skura are playing hide-and-seek.
Yanni and Skura are professional comic book artists.
Yanni and Skura are professional dancers.
Yanni and Skura are reading a book in their room.
Yanni and Skura are reading a comic book.
Yanni and Skura are ready for a fresh start.
Yanni and Skura are right.
Yanni and Skura are self-taught artists.
Yanni and Skura are serving life sentences.
Yanni and Skura are shocked.
Yanni and Skura are sleeping in the same bed.
Yanni and Skura are so good at keeping up appearances that no one notices their serious marital problems.
Yanni and Skura are so grateful.
Yanni and Skura are street artists.
Yanni and Skura are studying Berber for the same reason.
Yanni and Skura are studying film in college.
Yanni and Skura are taking care of the baby.
Yanni and Skura are talking as if they knew each other for ages.
Yanni and Skura are talking in the kitchen.
Yanni and Skura are talking.
Yanni and Skura are the cutest kids in the class.
Yanni and Skura are the envy of their neighbors.
Yanni and Skura are the new owners of this hotel.
Yanni and Skura are the talk of their friends and family back home in Algeria.
Yanni and Skura are thinking about what happened.
Yanni and Skura are throwing water balloons at each other.
Yanni and Skura are together.
Yanni and Skura are truly sexually interested in each other.
Yanni and Skura are trying to be good friends again.
Yanni and Skura are turning red.
Yanni and Skura are unknown artists.
Yanni and Skura are very close.
Yanni and Skura are very experienced announcers.
Yanni and Skura are very messy people.
Yanni and Skura are watching a basketball game on TV.
Yanni and Skura are widely respected.
Yanni and Skura are working together as a team.
Yanni and Skura are working.
Yanni and Skura are writing a book about their father.
Yanni and Skura are wrong.
Yanni and Skura aren't having an adulterous affair.
Yanni and Skura aren't made for each other.
Yanni and Skura aren't right for each other.
Yanni and Skura aren't talking anymore.
Yanni and Skura argued for about forty minutes.
Yanni and Skura argued over money.
Yanni and Skura arrived on time.
Yanni and Skura arrived roughly at the same time.
Yanni and Skura assisted their brother with his homework.
Yanni and Skura ate well.
Yanni and Skura attend the same mosque.
Yanni and Skura attended Harvard.
Yanni and Skura attended the wedding.
Yanni and Skura beat Nuja and Lina.
Yanni and Skura beat Nuja.
Yanni and Skura beat Ziri.
Yanni and Skura beat her.
Yanni and Skura beat him.
Yanni and Skura beat me.
Yanni and Skura beat their children.
Yanni and Skura became actors.
Yanni and Skura became close.
Yanni and Skura became exhausted.
Yanni and Skura became husband and wife in April 2004.
Yanni and Skura became inseparable.
Yanni and Skura became very suspicious.
Yanni and Skura began a dating relationship.
Yanni and Skura began talking in Berber to each other and Nuja couldn't understand what they were saying.
Yanni and Skura believed in witchcraft.
Yanni and Skura bonded.
Yanni and Skura both agree that their time in Algeria was the best of their lives.
Yanni and Skura both drowned in the cave.
Yanni and Skura both excused themselves.
Yanni and Skura both got in the car.
Yanni and Skura both had children with their exes.
Yanni and Skura both have been drinking.
Yanni and Skura both heard that noise.
Yanni and Skura both left work together.
Yanni and Skura both passed out.
Yanni and Skura both want a cat.
Yanni and Skura both were a mess.
Yanni and Skura bought a camera at a store not too far from here.
Yanni and Skura broke up.
Yanni and Skura brought lunches with them.
Yanni and Skura built a tree house for their children.
Yanni and Skura built their relationship on trust.
Yanni and Skura called each other and talked every day.
Yanni and Skura called each other boyfriend and girlfriend.
Yanni and Skura called each other every day.
Yanni and Skura called home.
Yanni and Skura called the neighbors.
Yanni and Skura came around.
Yanni and Skura came back downstairs.
Yanni and Skura came back early.
Yanni and Skura came by earlier.
Yanni and Skura came home crying.
Yanni and Skura came in first.
Yanni and Skura came in.
Yanni and Skura came inside.
Yanni and Skura came last.
Yanni and Skura came late.
Yanni and Skura came out.
Yanni and Skura came outside.
Yanni and Skura came over.
Yanni and Skura came to Algeria to start a family.
Yanni and Skura came upstairs.
Yanni and Skura came yesterday.
Yanni and Skura cared for each other.
Yanni and Skura carried the boxes upstairs.
Yanni and Skura celebrated their wedding in Algiers.
Yanni and Skura changed color.
Yanni and Skura changed jobs.
Yanni and Skura changed.
Yanni and Skura chatted for a bit.
Yanni and Skura chatted the whole rest of the way.
Yanni and Skura checked the oil.
Yanni and Skura clicked right away.
Yanni and Skura clocked in at the same time.
Yanni and Skura closed their eyes.
Yanni and Skura committed to each other whatever the future held.
Yanni and Skura complained about everything.
Yanni and Skura conceived in vitro.
