I think Tom went to Australia.
I think Tom went to Boston by car.
I think Tom went to Boston last month.
I think Tom went to Boston last week.
I think Tom went to Boston.
I think Tom went to Harvard.
I think Tom went to Mary's house yesterday.
I think Tom went to bed.
I think Tom went to buy beer.
I think Tom went to school.
I think Tom went to sleep.
I think Tom went to the supermarket yesterday, but I'm not sure.
I think Tom went upstairs.
I think Tom went with Mary.
I think Tom went.
I think Tom will accept your offer.
I think Tom will agree to let Mary do that.
I think Tom will agree.
I think Tom will allow us to do that.
I think Tom will always love Mary.
I think Tom will arrive in Australia on October 20th.
I think Tom will ask Mary to do that for John.
I think Tom will ask me to do that.
I think Tom will ask you to marry him.
I think Tom will be OK.
I think Tom will be a finalist.
I think Tom will be able to buy a pair of ice skates his size at the sports store near the art museum.
I think Tom will be able to do that by himself.
I think Tom will be able to do that eventually.
I think Tom will be able to do that if he tries.
I think Tom will be able to do that sooner or later.
I think Tom will be able to do that today.
I think Tom will be able to do that without our help.
I think Tom will be able to do that.
I think Tom will be able to do the job.
I think Tom will be able to figure out a way to do that.
I think Tom will be able to figure out how to do that.
I think Tom will be able to help Mary do that tomorrow.
I think Tom will be able to help Mary do that.
I think Tom will be able to help Mary tomorrow.
I think Tom will be able to help Mary.
I think Tom will be able to help us do that next week.
I think Tom will be able to help us do that.
I think Tom will be able to help us figure this out.
I think Tom will be able to help us next week.
I think Tom will be able to help us.
I think Tom will be able to help.
I think Tom will be able to solve the problem.
I think Tom will be able to understand that.
I think Tom will be able to win tomorrow.
I think Tom will be able to win.
I think Tom will be absent.
I think Tom will be afraid.
I think Tom will be all right.
I think Tom will be alone.
I think Tom will be amused by what's going on.
I think Tom will be angry.
I think Tom will be annoyed.
I think Tom will be at home tomorrow.
I think Tom will be awake by the time I get there.
I think Tom will be awake by the time breakfast is served.
I think Tom will be back soon.
I think Tom will be back.
I think Tom will be bored.
I think Tom will be busy tomorrow afternoon.
I think Tom will be busy tomorrow morning.
I think Tom will be careful.
I think Tom will be careless.
I think Tom will be cold.
I think Tom will be coming back next week.
I think Tom will be coming later.
I think Tom will be confused.
I think Tom will be cooperative.
I think Tom will be delighted to see Mary.
I think Tom will be delighted.
I think Tom will be desperate to do that.
I think Tom will be difficult to get along with.
I think Tom will be discouraged.
I think Tom will be displeased.
I think Tom will be doing that again today.
I think Tom will be doing that again.
I think Tom will be doing that by himself.
I think Tom will be doing that on Monday.
I think Tom will be doing that on October 20th.
I think Tom will be doing that soon.
I think Tom will be doing that this afternoon.
I think Tom will be doing that with Mary.
I think Tom will be doing that.
I think Tom will be drunk by the time we get there.
I think Tom will be early.
I think Tom will be embarrassed if that happens.
I think Tom will be excited.
I think Tom will be exhausted when he gets home.
I think Tom will be fair.
I think Tom will be fine.
I think Tom will be finished doing that by 2:30.
I think Tom will be fired.
I think Tom will be first.
I think Tom will be forgiven for doing that.
I think Tom will be freaked out by that.
I think Tom will be frightened.
I think Tom will be furious.
I think Tom will be glad that that's going to happen.
I think Tom will be glad to see you.
I think Tom will be gone by the time we get there.
I think Tom will be happy to see you.
I think Tom will be happy with the results.
I think Tom will be heartbroken.
I think Tom will be here before long.
I think Tom will be here by 2:30.
I think Tom will be here later.
I think Tom will be here on Monday.
I think Tom will be here on October 20th.
I think Tom will be here tomorrow.
I think Tom will be hesitant to do that.
I think Tom will be hungry when he gets home.
I think Tom will be impressed.
I think Tom will be in Australia next week.
I think Tom will be in Boston next week.
I think Tom will be in his office on Monday.
I think Tom will be in his office on October 20th.
I think Tom will be in his office this afternoon.
I think Tom will be interested in doing that.
I think Tom will be interested.
I think Tom will be jealous.
I think Tom will be last.
I think Tom will be late.
I think Tom will be lonely.
I think Tom will be motivated to do that.
I think Tom will be nervous doing that.
I think Tom will be nervous.
I think Tom will be obedient.
I think Tom will be on the same plane as me.
I think Tom will be present at today's meeting.
I think Tom will be pretty mad when he finds out that the painting he bought is a fake.
I think Tom will be punctual.
I think Tom will be ready.
I think Tom will be reasonable.
I think Tom will be reluctant to do that.
I think Tom will be scared.
I think Tom will be staying in Australia until Monday.
I think Tom will be staying in Boston until Monday.
I think Tom will be stubborn.
I think Tom will be surprised if that happens.
I think Tom will be surprised when that happens.
I think Tom will be surprised.
I think Tom will be suspended.
I think Tom will be suspicious.
I think Tom will be sympathetic.
I think Tom will be tempted to do that.
I think Tom will be the first one to do that.
I think Tom will be the last one to do that.
I think Tom will be the next one to do that.
I think Tom will be there.
I think Tom will be through doing that by now.
I think Tom will be tired when he gets home.
I think Tom will be too scared to try doing that.
I think Tom will be truthful.
I think Tom will be unenthusiastic about that.
I think Tom will be unimpressed.
I think Tom will be upset.
I think Tom will be well prepared.
I think Tom will be worried.
I think Tom will call Mary.
I think Tom will call back.
I think Tom will call you.
I think Tom will come again.
I think Tom will come back soon.
I think Tom will come back.
I think Tom will come to Australia on Monday.
I think Tom will come to Boston on Monday.
I think Tom will come to Boston on October 20th.
I think Tom will come, but I'm not sure.
I think Tom will come, but it's hard to say for sure.
I think Tom will come, but it’s hard to say for sure.
I think Tom will come.
I think Tom will complain.
I think Tom will confess.
I think Tom will cry.
I think Tom will decline the invitation.
I think Tom will do OK.
I think Tom will do a very good job.
I think Tom will do as he's told.
I think Tom will do great.
I think Tom will do his best.
I think Tom will do it.
I think Tom will do just fine.
I think Tom will do something drastic.
I think Tom will do that again.
I think Tom will do that as well.
I think Tom will do that at about 2:30.
I think Tom will do that for Mary.
I think Tom will do that for me.
I think Tom will do that for us.
I think Tom will do that in Australia next week.
I think Tom will do that in Boston next week.
I think Tom will do that later.
I think Tom will do that next week.
I think Tom will do that soon.
I think Tom will do that today.
I think Tom will do that tomorrow.
I think Tom will do that with Mary.
I think Tom will do that, but I'm not sure.
I think Tom will do that, too.
I think Tom will do that.
I think Tom will do that. Mary thinks so, too.
I think Tom will do the same thing he did yesterday.
I think Tom will do well.
I think Tom will do what's right.
I think Tom will drive me to the airport.
I think Tom will eat later.
I think Tom will eat steak and potatoes for dinner.
I think Tom will enjoy doing that.
I think Tom will enjoy this.
I think Tom will eventually give up and ask Mary to do that for him.
I think Tom will eventually give up and let somebody else do that.
I think Tom will eventually give up and let someone else do it.
I think Tom will eventually give up and let someone else do that.
I think Tom will eventually learn how to do that.
I think Tom will eventually learn to do that.
I think Tom will fail his driving test.
I think Tom will follow your advice.
I think Tom will forget to do that.
I think Tom will freak out.
I think Tom will get fired.
I think Tom will get here soon.
I think Tom will get home at about 2:30.
I think Tom will get there in time.
I think Tom will give you permission to do that.
I think Tom will go there tomorrow.
I think Tom will go to Australia next summer.
I think Tom will go to Australia next week.
I think Tom will go to Australia.
I think Tom will go to Boston next summer.
I think Tom will go to Boston next week.
I think Tom will go to Boston.
I think Tom will have a hard time doing that.
I think Tom will have to help Mary.
I think Tom will have to help me.
I think Tom will help me do that.
I think Tom will help me.
I think Tom will help us.
I think Tom will kill Mary.
I think Tom will leave the day after tomorrow.
I think Tom will leave.
I think Tom will let us do that.
I think Tom will let us win.
I think Tom will like it here.
I think Tom will like it.
I think Tom will like that.
I think Tom will like the present you bought for him.
I think Tom will like the presents you bought for him.
I think Tom will like this game.
I think Tom will like this gift.
I think Tom will like this present.
I think Tom will like this wine.
I think Tom will like this.
I think Tom will like you.
I think Tom will likely be able to do that.
I think Tom will likely be home on Monday.
I think Tom will likely be home on October 20th.
I think Tom will likely be there tonight.
I think Tom will likely do that later.
I think Tom will likely do that.
I think Tom will likely give you permission to do that.
I think Tom will likely know how to do that.
I think Tom will likely leave tomorrow.
I think Tom will likely like this movie.
I think Tom will likely not know how to do that.
I think Tom will likely spend the rest of his life behind bars.
I think Tom will likely spend the rest of his life in prison.
I think Tom will likely win.
I think Tom will listen to me.
I think Tom will listen.
I think Tom will lose.
I think Tom will love it.
I think Tom will love this book.
I think Tom will make breakfast for us.
I think Tom will make breakfast.
I think Tom will make it.
I think Tom will make us breakfast.
I think Tom will need it.
I think Tom will never be famous.
I think Tom will never be indicted.
I think Tom will never become famous.
I think Tom will never come back.
I think Tom will never do that again.
I think Tom will never do what we requested.
I think Tom will no longer do that.
I think Tom will order a hamburger.
I think Tom will pass his driver's test.
I think Tom will permit us to do that.
I think Tom will probably be able to do that.
I think Tom will probably be home on Monday.
I think Tom will probably be home on October 20th.
I think Tom will probably be late.
I think Tom will probably be there tonight.
I think Tom will probably cry later.
I think Tom will probably cry.
I think Tom will probably do that later.
I think Tom will probably do that.
I think Tom will probably know how to do that.
I think Tom will probably leave tomorrow.
I think Tom will probably like this movie.
I think Tom will probably remember you.
I think Tom will probably win.
I think Tom will propose to me.
I think Tom will propose to you tonight.
I think Tom will refuse to do that.
I think Tom will resign.
I think Tom will return soon.
I think Tom will say yes.
I think Tom will sing.
I think Tom will stay away.
I think Tom will stay in Australia all summer.
I think Tom will stay in Boston all summer.
I think Tom will stay.
I think Tom will survive.
I think Tom will swim.
I think Tom will talk to Mary.
I think Tom will tell you the truth.
I think Tom will tell you.
I think Tom will thank me when he's older.
I think Tom will try to do that.
I think Tom will try to escape.
I think Tom will try to kill Mary.
I think Tom will understand.
I think Tom will very likely be at today's meeting.
I think Tom will very likely do that.
I think Tom will very likely not be here tomorrow.
I think Tom will very likely win.
I think Tom will visit Australia.
I think Tom will visit Boston.
I think Tom will wait for you.
I think Tom will wait until at least 2:30.
I think Tom will wait.
I think Tom will want to see this.
I think Tom will want to sit down.
I think Tom will want to talk to Mary about that.
I think Tom will win the race.
I think Tom will win.
I think Tom won the election.
I think Tom won't accomplish anything.
I think Tom won't agree to do that.
I think Tom won't ask me to do that.
I think Tom won't be able to catch up with Mary.
I think Tom won't be able to do that very well.
I think Tom won't be able to do that without some help.
I think Tom won't be able to do that.
I think Tom won't be able to understand that.
I think Tom won't be able to win.
I think Tom won't be absent.
I think Tom won't be afraid.
I think Tom won't be alone.
I think Tom won't be amused by what's going on.
I think Tom won't be as angry as you think he'll be.
I think Tom won't be as mad as you think he'll be.
I think Tom won't be at home tomorrow morning.
I think Tom won't be at today's meeting.
I think Tom won't be awake now.
I think Tom won't be awake when I get home.
I think Tom won't be back soon.
I think Tom won't be busy this afternoon.
I think Tom won't be busy this evening.
I think Tom won't be cold.
I think Tom won't be confused.
I think Tom won't be cooperative.
I think Tom won't be difficult to get along with.
I think Tom won't be doing that anymore.
I think Tom won't be doing that anytime soon.
I think Tom won't be doing that before Monday.
I think Tom won't be doing that.
I think Tom won't be drunk.
I think Tom won't be early.
I think Tom won't be embarrassed.
I think Tom won't be finished doing that by 2:30.
I think Tom won't be frightened by that.
I think Tom won't be gone by the time we get there.
I think Tom won't be happy.
I think Tom won't be here much longer.
I think Tom won't be here today.
I think Tom won't be here until much later.
I think Tom won't be hesitant to do that.
I think Tom won't be home at this time of day.
I think Tom won't be home on Monday.
I think Tom won't be home on October 20th.
I think Tom won't be impressed.
I think Tom won't be in Australia very long.
I think Tom won't be in Boston very long.
I think Tom won't be in his office this afternoon.
I think Tom won't be interested in buying any of these books.
I think Tom won't be interested in doing that.
I think Tom won't be interested.
I think Tom won't be jealous.
I think Tom won't be last.
I think Tom won't be late.
I think Tom won't be lonely.
I think Tom won't be motivated to do that.
I think Tom won't be nervous doing that.
I think Tom won't be nervous.
I think Tom won't be present at today's meeting.
I think Tom won't be punctual.
I think Tom won't be ready to do that.
I think Tom won't be ready.
I think Tom won't be reluctant to do that.
I think Tom won't be scared.
I think Tom won't be surprised.
I think Tom won't be tempted to do that.
I think Tom won't be the first one to do that.
I think Tom won't be the last one to do that.
I think Tom won't be the next one to do that.
I think Tom won't be there.
I think Tom won't be through doing that by 2:30.
I think Tom won't be worried.
I think Tom won't come to Australia with me.
I think Tom won't come to our party.
I think Tom won't come.
I think Tom won't cry.
I think Tom won't do it again.
I think Tom won't do that again.
I think Tom won't do that anymore.
I think Tom won't do that anytime soon.
I think Tom won't do that next week.
I think Tom won't do that today.
I think Tom won't do that tomorrow.
I think Tom won't do that with Mary.
I think Tom won't do that, either.
I think Tom won't do that.
I think Tom won't fail the examination.
I think Tom won't forget that.
I think Tom won't forget to do that.
I think Tom won't get bored.
I think Tom won't go to Australia with Mary.
I think Tom won't go to Boston with Mary.
I think Tom won't go.
I think Tom won't lie to us anymore.
I think Tom won't make me do that.
I think Tom won't mind if we're a little late.
I think Tom won't refuse to do that.
I think Tom won't resign.
I think Tom won't stop crying anytime soon.
I think Tom won't stop doing that anytime soon.
I think Tom won't stop smoking anytime soon.
I think Tom won't try to do that.
I think Tom won't visit Australia anytime soon.
I think Tom won't visit Boston anytime soon.
I think Tom won't wait much longer.
I think Tom won't want to go to Australia with me.
I think Tom won't win.
I think Tom won.
I think Tom won’t accomplish anything.
I think Tom won’t be able to catch up with Mary.
I think Tom won’t come to our party.
I think Tom won’t fail the examination.
I think Tom won’t go.
I think Tom works at night.
I think Tom works evenings.
I think Tom works here.
I think Tom works in this office.
I think Tom works the night shift.
I think Tom works there.
I think Tom worries too much.
I think Tom would agree to do that.
I think Tom would agree with me.
I think Tom would allow Mary to do that on her own if she were a little older.
I think Tom would appreciate it.
I think Tom would be a good babysitter.
I think Tom would be a good name for our son.
I think Tom would be a good name.
I think Tom would be a good neighbor.
I think Tom would be a good person to have on our side.
I think Tom would be a good roommate.
I think Tom would be a really good coach.
I think Tom would be able to convince Mary to stop doing that.
I think Tom would be able to do that if he put his mind to it.
I think Tom would be able to do that if he really needed to.
I think Tom would be able to do that if he really put his mind to it.
I think Tom would be able to do that if he really wanted to.
I think Tom would be able to do that if you helped him.
I think Tom would be able to do that.
I think Tom would be able to fix your computer.
I think Tom would be afraid of your dog.
I think Tom would be afraid to do that.
I think Tom would be amused by what's going on.
I think Tom would be angry if you did that.
I think Tom would be angry.
I think Tom would be annoyed by this.
I think Tom would be annoyed if you did that.
I think Tom would be astonished.
I think Tom would be available.
I think Tom would be better at doing that than Mary is.
I think Tom would be better at doing that than Mary.
I think Tom would be biased.
I think Tom would be bored.
I think Tom would be confused if you explain it to him that way.
I think Tom would be cooperative.
I think Tom would be curious.
I think Tom would be delighted.
I think Tom would be devastated.
I think Tom would be disappointed if that were to happen.
I think Tom would be discouraged.
I think Tom would be disgusted.
I think Tom would be displeased.
I think Tom would be distressed.
I think Tom would be doing that if he knew how.
I think Tom would be doing that now if he knew how.
I think Tom would be doing that, too, if he knew how.
I think Tom would be embarrassed if he did something like that.
I think Tom would be embarrassed if that happened.
I think Tom would be excused from doing that.
I think Tom would be fair.
I think Tom would be fascinated by that.
I think Tom would be faster at doing that than Mary.
I think Tom would be forgiven for doing that.
I think Tom would be forgiven if he did that.
I think Tom would be frightened.
I think Tom would be furious.
I think Tom would be glad if that happened.
I think Tom would be happier if he did that.
I think Tom would be happy if you did that.
I think Tom would be happy to do that.
I think Tom would be hesitant to do that.
I think Tom would be horrified.
I think Tom would be impressed by this painting.
I think Tom would be impressed.
I think Tom would be interested in doing that.
I think Tom would be interested.
I think Tom would be irritated.
I think Tom would be jealous.
I think Tom would be lonely if he went camping by himself.
I think Tom would be mad if you did that.
I think Tom would be miserable here.
I think Tom would be motivated to do that.
I think Tom would be nervous.
I think Tom would be obedient.
I think Tom would be objective.
I think Tom would be offended.
I think Tom would be pleased.
I think Tom would be prepared.
I think Tom would be proud.
I think Tom would be quicker at doing that than Mary.
I think Tom would be reasonable.
I think Tom would be relieved.
I think Tom would be reluctant to do that.
I think Tom would be safe if he stayed here.
I think Tom would be scared.
I think Tom would be self-conscious.
I think Tom would be sensible about that.
I think Tom would be skeptical.
I think Tom would be supportive.
I think Tom would be surprised if that happened.
I think Tom would be surprised.
I think Tom would be suspicious.
I think Tom would be sympathetic.
I think Tom would be tempted to do that.
I think Tom would be terrified.
I think Tom would be thrilled.
I think Tom would be truthful.
I think Tom would be undependable.
I think Tom would be unenthusiastic about that.
I think Tom would be unfazed by that.
I think Tom would be unimpressed.
I think Tom would be upset if I did that.
I think Tom would be willing to do that.
I think Tom would be willing to go with us.
I think Tom would be worried if Mary didn't get home by 2:30 in the morning.
I think Tom would disagree.
I think Tom would do anything for power.
I think Tom would do anything to get what he thinks he needs.
I think Tom would do anything to get what he wants.
I think Tom would do anything to make Mary happy.
I think Tom would do practically anything to get Mary back.
I think Tom would do that for you if you asked him to.
I think Tom would do that if you asked him to.
I think Tom would do that.
I think Tom would enjoy doing that.
I think Tom would follow any command I gave.
I think Tom would get bored if you showed him all your photos.
I think Tom would get here early if you asked him to.
I think Tom would go to Australia with you if you asked him to.
I think Tom would go to Boston with you if you asked him to.
I think Tom would hate to do that.
I think Tom would have been here today if he'd known Mary was going to be here.
I think Tom would have come if you'd invited him.
I think Tom would have disagreed.
I think Tom would have done that.
I think Tom would have done the same thing.
I think Tom would have enjoyed tonight's concert.
I think Tom would have fun doing that.
I think Tom would have helped us if he'd been here.
I think Tom would have helped us if he'd been there.
I think Tom would have killed me.
I think Tom would have liked that.
I think Tom would have liked to be here today.
I think Tom would have noticed if anything were missing.
I think Tom would have stayed longer if he could've.
I think Tom would have to do it himself.
I think Tom would have to do that.
I think Tom would know the answer to that question.
I think Tom would know the answer.
I think Tom would know what to do.
I think Tom would know.
I think Tom would leave if you asked him to.
I think Tom would like Mary to do that for John.
I think Tom would like Mary to do that for him.
I think Tom would like doing that.
I think Tom would like nothing better than to do that.
I think Tom would like that.
I think Tom would like the way you decorated this room.
I think Tom would like to be able to speak French.
I think Tom would like to be alone.
I think Tom would like to be at home.
I think Tom would like to be cooperative.
I think Tom would like to be finished doing that before Monday evening.
I think Tom would like to be forgiven.
I think Tom would like to be in Australia now.
I think Tom would like to be in Boston now.
I think Tom would like to be outside playing with the other children.
I think Tom would like to be present at today's meeting.
I think Tom would like to be ready when that happens.
I think Tom would like to be the first one to do that.
I think Tom would like to be the last one to do that.
I think Tom would like to be the next one to do that.
I think Tom would like to do that again.
I think Tom would like to do that.
I think Tom would like to go there with us.
I think Tom would like to hear about this.
I think Tom would like to know if you aren't planning to do that.
I think Tom would like to know that you aren't planning to do that.
I think Tom would like to know that you're planning to do that.
I think Tom would like to know what you're doing.
I think Tom would like to live in Australia.
I think Tom would like to live in Boston.
I think Tom would like to quit his job.
I think Tom would like to retire.
I think Tom would like you to do that for Mary.
I think Tom would like you to do that for him.
I think Tom would like you.
I think Tom would likely do that for you if you asked him politely.
I think Tom would listen to you.
I think Tom would love that.
I think Tom would make a good teacher.
I think Tom would need to do that.
I think Tom would probably be a good roommate.
I think Tom would probably be happy to buy that for you.
I think Tom would probably be happy to do that for you.
I think Tom would probably disagree with you.
I think Tom would rather be doing something else.
I think Tom would rather be playing tennis.
I think Tom would rather be spending time with someone else.
I think Tom would refuse to do that.
I think Tom would regret doing that.
I think Tom would say that.
I think Tom would say yes.
I think Tom would tell the truth.
I think Tom would try to do that.
I think Tom would want me to do that.
I think Tom would want to do that.
I think Tom would want to know why.
I think Tom would've approved.
I think Tom would've been here today if he'd known Mary was going to be here.
I think Tom would've come if you'd invited him.
I think Tom would've disagreed.
I think Tom would've done that.
I think Tom would've done the same thing.
I think Tom would've enjoyed tonight's concert.
I think Tom would've helped us if he'd been here.
I think Tom would've helped us if he'd been there.
I think Tom would've killed me.
I think Tom would've liked that.
I think Tom would've liked to be here today.
I think Tom would've noticed if anything were missing.
I think Tom would've permitted you to do that if you'd asked him for permission.
I think Tom would've stayed longer if he could have.
I think Tom would've stayed longer if he could've.
I think Tom wouldn't actually eat that.
I think Tom wouldn't agree to do that.
I think Tom wouldn't be absent if he knew how important this meeting was.
I think Tom wouldn't be amused by what's going on.
I think Tom wouldn't be as frightened as Mary would be.
I think Tom wouldn't be better at doing that than Mary.
I think Tom wouldn't be bored by something like that.
I think Tom wouldn't be confused if you'd explained it better.
I think Tom wouldn't be discouraged by these results.
I think Tom wouldn't be enthusiastic about that.
I think Tom wouldn't be exhausted all the time if he'd get more sleep.
I think Tom wouldn't be forgiven for doing that if he weren't so young.
I think Tom wouldn't be grouchy all the time if he'd get more sleep.
I think Tom wouldn't be happy here.
I think Tom wouldn't be happy if you did that.
I think Tom wouldn't be here if he didn't think he could help us.
I think Tom wouldn't be hesitant to do that.
I think Tom wouldn't be impressed by that.
I think Tom wouldn't be impressed.
I think Tom wouldn't be in Australia now.
I think Tom wouldn't be in Boston now.
I think Tom wouldn't be interested in doing that.
I think Tom wouldn't be interested in something like that.
I think Tom wouldn't be interested.
I think Tom wouldn't be lonely if Mary were here.
I think Tom wouldn't be motivated to do that.
I think Tom wouldn't be nervous at a time like this.
I think Tom wouldn't be pleased by that.
I think Tom wouldn't be ready if you got there before 2:30.
I think Tom wouldn't be reluctant to do that.
I think Tom wouldn't be scared.
I think Tom wouldn't be so grouchy all the time if he'd get more sleep.
I think Tom wouldn't be so grumpy all the time if he'd get more sleep.
I think Tom wouldn't be surprised.
I think Tom wouldn't be suspicious.
I think Tom wouldn't be sympathetic.
I think Tom wouldn't be tempted to do that.
I think Tom wouldn't be thrilled if he knew what was happening.
I think Tom wouldn't be truthful.
I think Tom wouldn't be upset by that.
I think Tom wouldn't be willing to do that.
I think Tom wouldn't buy that.
I think Tom wouldn't do that.
I think Tom wouldn't enjoy doing that.
I think Tom wouldn't enjoy this movie.
I think Tom wouldn't have been able to do that without Mary's help.
I think Tom wouldn't have done that if Mary hadn't been there.
I think Tom wouldn't have to do that.
I think Tom wouldn't have told that joke if Mary hadn't been there.
I think Tom wouldn't like doing that.
I think Tom wouldn't like it if Mary did that.
I think Tom wouldn't like to do that.
I think Tom wouldn't likely to still be awake this late at night.
I think Tom wouldn't mind.
I think Tom wouldn't need to do that.
I think Tom wouldn't refuse to do that.
I think Tom wouldn't regret doing that.
I think Tom wouldn't still be awake at this time of night.
I think Tom wouldn't try to do that.
I think Tom wouldn't understand that.
I think Tom wouldn't wait that long for you.
I think Tom wouldn't want to do that.
I think Tom wrote it.
I think Tom's French has improved a lot.
I think Tom's a bit tipsy.
I think Tom's a cop.
I think Tom's a copper.
I think Tom's a dangerous psychopath.
I think Tom's a demon.
I think Tom's a ghost.
I think Tom's an idiot.
I think Tom's anger is just a defense mechanism; I wouldn't take it personally if I were you.
I think Tom's brilliant.
I think Tom's cheating.
I think Tom's days are numbered.
I think Tom's dog sensed that Tom was dying.
I think Tom's doing a good job.
I think Tom's expectations of us are too high.
I think Tom's father is a lawyer.
I think Tom's flat is more comfortable than ours.
I think Tom's going to faint.
I think Tom's gonna pass out.
I think Tom's got bad gas.
I think Tom's grandmother is too old to be wearing a bikini.
I think Tom's grandmother is too old to wear a miniskirt.
I think Tom's here.
I think Tom's hiding something from me.
I think Tom's homemade cookies are better than the ones Mary makes.
I think Tom's hunch was accurate.
I think Tom's idea is a good one.
I think Tom's ill.
I think Tom's in danger.
I think Tom's in space right now.
I think Tom's interested in me.
I think Tom's last name is Jackson.
I think Tom's leg is broken.
I think Tom's leg is much better now.
I think Tom's losing his touch.
I think Tom's luck is about to run out.
I think Tom's number is unlisted.
I think Tom's old.
I think Tom's on drugs.
I think Tom's plan is a good one.
I think Tom's plan is better than Mary's plan.
I think Tom's plan is better than Mary's.
I think Tom's plan will work.
I think Tom's proposal is a good one.
I think Tom's record speaks for itself.
I think Tom's skint.
I think Tom's staying till Monday.
I think Tom's suggestion is a good one.
I think Tom's suggestion is worth considering.
I think Tom's temper impairs his judgment.
I think Tom's unsophisticated.
I think Tom's working his shift now.
I think Tom's writing a manifesto.
I think Tom, without question, is going to win.
I think Tom’s grandmother is too old to be wearing a bikini.
I think Tom’s grandmother is too old to wear a miniskirt.
I think Twitter is not very popular in Germany. 140 characters is about two words in German.
I think William is one of the most genuine people I've ever met.
I think William is one of the most interesting people I know.
I think William is the type of person who would be a great leader.
I think William should pursue his hobby of woodworking more seriously - he's really talented.
I think William would be the perfect type of employee for this position.
I think Yanni is Skura's brother. They look alike and have similar mannerisms.
I think Yanni is a little old to be hanging out with kids like Ziri and Skura.
I think Yanni is just kidding.
I think Yanni was in dire straights.
I think Yidir will marry Tanina.
I think Zinédine Zidane of Kabyle descent is known by everyone.
I think Ziri got the message.
I think Ziri should turn down the position.
I think Ziri's cat doesn't like me.
I think a Viking was working at the breakfast cafe in Bruges.
I think a bit of anger is better for you than worry.
I think a change of ruling party in Hungary will result in WWIII breaking out.
I think a drink would help me calm down.
I think a few cards are missing from the deck.
I think a film is more interesting than any book.
I think a girl of average-level intelligence can learn Lojban. Do you doubt it?
I think a glass of wine would help me calm my nerves.
I think a god's name has got to be out. From the moment the kid's named you know he's not going to be able to live up to it!
I think a god’s name has got to be out. From the moment the kid’s named you know he’s not going to be able to live up to it!
I think a hundred dollars would be enough.
I think a lot of him.
I think a lot of people resort to binge eating due to stress.
I think a lot of people want to try it before they buy it.
I think a lot of people will be there today.
I think a lot of people will end up doing that.
I think a lot of people would agree with me.
I think a lot of people would get a lot of use out of that.
I think a lot of you have been taken advantage of.
I think a movie is more entertaining than any book.
I think a part-time job is a good experience.
I think a punishment like that would be too harsh.
I think a spy is among us.
I think a translator may venture to be somewhat flexible.
I think a truly perfect person would be very uninteresting.
I think about Algeria a lot.
I think about Tom a lot.
I think about Tom all day.
I think about Tom all the time.
I think about Tom almost every day.
I think about Tom every day.
I think about Tom often.
I think about Tom sometimes.
I think about cocks all the time.
I think about ghosts a lot.
I think about her a lot.
I think about her all day.
I think about her all the time.
I think about her every day.
I think about her often.
I think about him a lot.
I think about him all day.
I think about him all the time.
I think about him every day.
I think about him often.
I think about it all the time.
I think about it completely differently.
I think about it day and night.
I think about it every day.
I think about it often.
I think about it quite differently.
I think about it sometimes.
I think about my girlfriend.
I think about something leaving.
I think about suicide.
I think about that a lot.
I think about that all the time.
I think about that almost every day.
I think about that constantly.
I think about that every day.
I think about that every single day.
I think about that from time to time.
I think about them all day.
I think about them every day.
I think about them often.
I think about this a lot.
I think about this all the time.
I think about what life really means.
I think about you a lot.
I think about you all day long.
I think about you all day.
I think about you all the time.
I think about you every day.
I think about you every time I brush my teeth.
I think about you every time I hear this song.
I think about you every time I listen to this song.
I think about you every time I see it.
I think about you from time to time.
I think about you often.
I think about you.
I think actions are more important than words.
I think actions speak louder than words.
I think air pollution is to blame for my breathing problems.
I think albino raccoons look strange.
I think aliens exist.
I think all cats are wild. They only act tame if there's a saucer of milk in it for them.
I think all fat people should go on a diet.
I think all my efforts to help her will just be a waste of my time.
I think all of the countries what sanctioned Russia, are needed to sanction Belarus, too.
I think all of this is a lie.
I think all of us are concerned.
I think all of us could do that.
I think all of us have to do that.
I think all of us need to do that.
I think all of us should do that.
I think all of us want to know what happened.
I think all of us want to know why that happened.
I think all of you are right.
I think all psalms are found in the Old Testament.
I think all the coffee I've been drinking in the afternoon is why I haven't been sleeping well.
I think all the coffee that I've been drinking in the afternoon is why I haven't been sleeping well.
I think all the pieces are there.
I think all three of us are competitive.
I think all three of us know what needs to be done.
I think all three of us need to get some sleep.
I think all three of us will be there tomorrow.
I think almost all of them joined the conspiracy.
I think ambition is good.
I think an old, deserted house is such a sad sight.
I think anybody can do that.
I think anyone can do that.
I think anything Tom can do, I can do.
I think anything can happen.
I think art should be free for everyone to access.
I think asking Tom to be your partner would be a big mistake.
I think assassins have been invented by fathers and mothers to frighten children who want to run away at night.
I think at some point something happened to it, maybe?
I think at the end of the series it will all just be a dream for the frumpy girl.
I think autumn is the most beautiful season of the year.
I think badminton is more difficult than tennis.
I think badminton is more fun than tennis.
I think baseball is more popular than basketball.
I think basketball is the most interesting sport to watch.
I think being constantly tired is part and parcel of being a student.
I think being poor is nothing to be ashamed of.
I think being sincere is important.
I think believing that is a matter of mindset.
I think birds are the most lovely creatures on the planet.
I think birthdays are important.
I think both Islam and Christianity are false religions.
I think both Tom and Mary are ambidextrous.
I think both Tom and Mary are awake.
I think both Tom and Mary are bipolar.
I think both Tom and Mary are blind.
I think both Tom and Mary are bored.
I think both Tom and Mary are busy.
I think both Tom and Mary are confused.
I think both Tom and Mary are crazy.
I think both Tom and Mary are difficult to get along with.
I think both Tom and Mary are drunk.
I think both Tom and Mary are finicky.
I think both Tom and Mary are funny.
I think both Tom and Mary are going to be busy tomorrow.
I think both Tom and Mary are going to be doing that.
I think both Tom and Mary are going to do that.
I think both Tom and Mary are going to get fired.
I think both Tom and Mary are here.
I think both Tom and Mary are lying.
I think both Tom and Mary are over thirty.
I think both Tom and Mary are ready.
I think both Tom and Mary are retired.
I think both Tom and Mary are right.
I think both Tom and Mary are safe.
I think both Tom and Mary are shy.
I think both Tom and Mary are sick.
I think both Tom and Mary are single.
I think both Tom and Mary are sleepy.
I think both Tom and Mary are smart.
I think both Tom and Mary are sorry.
I think both Tom and Mary are still homesick.
I think both Tom and Mary are still in prison.
I think both Tom and Mary are still single.
I think both Tom and Mary are stuck-up.
I think both Tom and Mary are thirty years old.
I think both Tom and Mary are ticklish.
I think both Tom and Mary are tired.
I think both Tom and Mary are trying to lose weight.
I think both Tom and Mary are unmarried.
I think both Tom and Mary have a drinking problem.
I think both Tom and Mary have already agreed to do that.
I think both Tom and Mary have been crying.
I think both Tom and Mary have been suspended.
I think both Tom and Mary have done that once.
I think both Tom and Mary have done that.
I think both Tom and Mary have given up hope.
I think both Tom and Mary have lied to us.
I think both Tom and Mary have never been to Australia.
I think both Tom and Mary have never been to Boston.
I think both Tom and Mary have never done that.
I think both Tom and Mary have passed away.
I think both Tom and Mary have the ability to do that.
I think both Tom and Mary have to be told not to do that.
I think both Tom and Mary have to do that.
I think both Tom and Mary want something to eat.
I think both Tom and Mary want to come with us.
I think both Tom and Mary want to do that tomorrow.
I think both Tom and Mary want to go to Australia.
I think both Tom and Mary want to go to Boston.
I think both Tom and Mary want you to do that.
I think both Tom and Mary were born in Australia.
I think both Tom and Mary were born in Boston.
I think both are good.
I think both are true.
I think both boys and girls are cute.
I think both exist.
I think both match.
I think both of them are right.
I think both of you know Tom.
I think breakfast is the most important meal of the day.
I think buying a new one would be a good idea.
I think capital punishment should be abolished.
I think cats know how cute they are.
I think cats perceive other dimensions.
I think communication greases the wheels of an organization.
I think communication is the lubricant of an organization.
I think communication is what makes an organization run smoothly.
I think computer viruses should count as life.
I think country life is superior to city life in some respects.
I think crime is illegal.
I think customers are basically selfish, but if their selfishness continues, then it is unbearable.
I think cute girls probably look cute no matter what they wear.
I think death is preferable to shame.
I think declawing cats is cruel.
I think deeply about life’s purpose.
I think different from you.
I think differently from you.
I think differently now.
I think differently.
I think discovering the meaning of our existence is important.
I think doctors will eventually find a cure for cancer.
I think dog owners have something wrong with them.
I think dogs feel pain just like people do.
I think dogs should be allowed to vote.
I think doing that is a good idea.
I think doing that might be dangerous.
I think doing that might take about three hours.
I think doing that should be possible.
I think doing that the way Tom suggested would be a lot more fun.
I think doing that was fun.
I think doing that was the right thing to do.
I think doing that was the wrong thing to do.
I think doing that was wrong.
I think doing that will be a waste of time.
I think doing that will be tiring.
I think doing that will take longer than you think it will.
I think doing that will take up most of my time.
I think doing that won't be difficult.
I think doing that won't be hard.
I think doing that won't be much fun.
I think doing that won't be very easy.
I think doing that would be OK.
I think doing that would be a bad idea.
I think doing that would be a big mistake.
I think doing that would be a good idea.
I think doing that would be a lot of fun.
I think doing that would be a mistake.
I think doing that would be crazy.
I think doing that would be dangerous.
I think doing that would be foolish.
I think doing that would be fun.
I think doing that would be good.
I think doing that would be risky.
I think doing that would be safe.
I think doing that would be stupid.
I think doing that would be too hard for me.
I think doing that would be too risky.
I think doing that would be worthwhile.
I think doing that would help.
I think doing that would really be a lot of fun.
I think doing that wouldn't be a good idea.
I think doing that wouldn't be any fun.
I think doing that wouldn't be dangerous.
I think doing that wouldn't be much fun.
I think doing that wouldn't help.
I think each of our worlds is a richer place for knowing about these different cultures and the ways that they live and the things that they value.
I think each of us played a part in inviting today's confusion.
I think each of us played a part in inviting today’s confusion.
I think each of us should give Tom something for his birthday, something home-made!
I think eighth grade was the most fun.
I think either is OK.
I think either of these could be a valid translation into Japanese.
I think either of these could possibly be a valid translation into Japanese.
I think either one is OK.
I think either one is fine.
I think even Tom can do that.
I think even Tom can swim.
I think even Tom knows that.
I think even a child can do that.
I think even a child could do that.
I think eventually that's something that'll happen.
I think everybody already knows that.
I think everybody deserves credit.
I think everybody did really well.
I think everybody feels the same.
I think everybody has an idea of what Tom is capable of.
I think everybody here can speak French.
I think everybody here knows Tom.
I think everybody here knows that Tom can't do that.
I think everybody is ready.
I think everybody is scared.
I think everybody knew that.
I think everybody knows that.
I think everybody makes mistakes.
I think everybody needs to do that.
I think everybody should help.
I think everybody should learn another language.
I think everybody should see it.
I think everybody should stand back now.
I think everybody should try to calm down.
I think everybody should visit at least one other country.
I think everybody trusts me.
I think everybody was pretty excited.
I think everybody was scared.
I think everybody wishes that.
I think everybody would like to see that happen.
I think everybody's happy.
I think everybody's here.
I think everybody's hungry.
I think everybody's only pretending they don't hear you.
I think everybody's scared.
I think everybody's tired.
I think everyone already knows that.
I think everyone can do that.
I think everyone did really well.
I think everyone gets a bit lonely at times.
I think everyone had a good time.
I think everyone has a favorite color.
I think everyone has an idea of what Tom is capable of.
I think everyone here knows Tom.
I think everyone here knows that Tom can't do that.
I think everyone is asleep.
I think everyone is very excited.
I think everyone knows that.
I think everyone knows this one is true!
I think everyone knows.
I think everyone looks back on their childhood with some regret.
I think everyone makes mistakes.
I think everyone misses Tom.
I think everyone needs to be here tomorrow.
I think everyone needs to do that.
I think everyone should see it.
I think everyone should visit at least one other country.
I think everyone trusts me.
I think everyone understands that.
I think everyone uses these.
I think everyone wants to do that.
I think everyone was petrified.
I think everyone was pretty excited.
I think everyone will enjoy our concert.
I think everyone will enjoy this next song.
I think everyone wishes that.
I think everyone would like to see that happen.
I think everyone's overreacting.
I think everyone's scared.
I think everything happens for a reason.
I think everything has been fine.
I think everything here is under control.
I think everything is Tom's fault.
I think everything is functional.
I think everything is going well.
I think everything is ready.
I think everything is under control now.
I think everything is under control.
I think everything tasted good.
I think everything will be OK.
I think everything's OK now.
I think everything's fine for now.
I think everything's fine now.
I think everything's fine.
I think exams are ruining education.
I think exams ruin education.
I think experience helps.
I think face masks can also be seen as a fashion trend and not just for protection.
I think falling in love is a waste of time.
I think fashion models today are too thin.
I think filibusters are misused, and in an ideal world, we shouldn't have to resort to it.
I think following trends is a pretty big thing in South Korean culture.
I think fondly of my childhood.
I think food is expensive in Japan.
I think for too long, when we think about healthcare, we act as though the body just starts from the neck down, instead of understanding we also need to address healthcare from the neck up: mental health.
I think forgiving people is good for the soul.
I think friends are important.
I think from up there, Leonardo can only agree with me.
I think ghosts exist.
I think girls spend more time talking about boys than boys spend talking about girls.
I think glimmering rain is so pretty; don't you?
I think going to Boston would be a good idea.
I think going to Boston would be fun.
I think golf is boring to watch.
I think granola bars are healthy.
I think hairiness is a symbol of masculinity, so I really like it.
I think he accepted himself.
I think he acted correctly.
I think he aims to replace me.
I think he ate about 10 oysters.
I think he bluffs.
I think he broke my heart in two.
I think he came in through the window.
I think he can do it.
I think he can get along with his neighbor.
I think he can get along with his neighbors.
I think he can get on with his neighbours.
I think he can't do that.
I think he can't explain it.
I think he can't help you.
I think he comes here from time to time.
I think he could be omitting important facts.
I think he could be the one who took the stolen money.
I think he did it.
I think he didn't understand.
I think he doesn't like it here.
I think he doesn't want you to read the newspaper.
I think he drove madly and kept having accidents.
I think he enjoyed it.
I think he gave it to them.
I think he genuinely likes me.
I think he gets a passing mark as Foreign Minister.
I think he had an idea.
I think he had no right to do that.
I think he has a small dick.
I think he has a small penis.
I think he has an idea.
I think he has done it.
I think he has enough intelligence to understand it.
I think he has plans to eliminate me.
I think he has something to do with that scandal.
I think he has something to hide.
I think he has to go there.
I think he has two children.
I think he has two sons.
I think he hates me.
I think he is Mr Brown.
I think he is a doctor.
I think he is a good driver.
I think he is a good man.
I think he is a very kind man.
I think he is about 40 years old.
I think he is an Austrian painter.
I think he is angry.
I think he is born in Austria.
I think he is forty years old.
I think he is from Australia, but I'm not sure.
I think he is from Australia, but I’m not sure.
I think he is going to come, but I'm not sure.
I think he is holding something back from us.
I think he is honest.
I think he is intelligent because he is learning German.
I think he is not Chinese.
I think he is not home.
I think he is not so much a novelist as he is a scholar.
I think he is not so much a scholar as a novelist.
I think he is planning something.
I think he is right.
I think he is sick.
I think he is smart enough to understand it.
I think he is something of a poet.
I think he is strange.
I think he is surely coming.
I think he is the greatest artist of the time.
I think he is very qualified for the job.
I think he isn't Chinese.
I think he just looked at me.
I think he knew that.
I think he knows about us.
I think he knows that.
I think he likes her.
I think he likes me.
I think he likes you.
I think he makes money by selling fish.
I think he makes money selling fish.
I think he may be a lawyer.
I think he moved to Kabylie.
I think he must go there.
I think he needs a fork.
I think he needs to alter his lifestyle.
I think he needs to go there.
I think he really believes it.
I think he really had a conciliatory tone to try to get bipartisan support and get some things done.
I think he really likes Tom.
I think he really likes me.
I think he regrets having divorced his wife.
I think he said nothing happened.
I think he said nothing was happening.
I think he said that he thinks it's important to think things through.
I think he said that out of envy.
I think he sells fish to earn money.
I think he should apologise to the teacher.
I think he should apologize to the teacher.
I think he should have apologized to the teacher.
I think he should see a therapist.
I think he should stay away from drugs of any sort.
I think he sings really well.
I think he smokes weed.
I think he still has feelings for you.
I think he stole it.
I think he stole them.
I think he takes after his father.
I think he understood me.
I think he wants more than an audition. This guy is a womanizer.
I think he wants to ask me out, but I don't know how to respond.
I think he wants to be alone now.
I think he wants to get rid of me.
I think he wants to go to sleep.
I think he wants you to notice him.
I think he was angry.
I think he was involved in that affair.
I think he was looking at you.
I think he was probably just lying compulsively as usual.
I think he was rich.
I think he was speaking Latin.
I think he was stubborn.
I think he will be glad to see you.
I think he will become a Beethoven.
I think he will come to our party.
I think he will come, but I'm not entirely sure.
I think he will commit suicide if he doesn't get to see his son.
I think he will do his best.
I think he will get along with his neighbors.
I think he will help me.
I think he will never come back.
I think he will object to our plan.
I think he will sleep.
I think he will soon catch up with us.
I think he will succeed.
I think he won't accept the proposal.
I think he won't come.
I think he won't go along with the idea.
I think he won’t accept the proposal.
I think he won’t come.
I think he would be a good husband and father, but I'm not in love with him.
I think he'll be back soon.
I think he'll be ill.
I think he'll be successful in his new position.
I think he'll be successful in his new post.
I think he'll come.
I think he'll do just fine.
I think he'll do well on the test. He studied a lot.
I think he'll get ill.
I think he'll go out.
I think he'll keep his promise.
I think he'll like this book.
I think he'll never return.
I think he'll stay.
I think he'll turn down the offer.
I think he'll understand this.
I think he's Australian but I'm not certain.
I think he's Mary's older brother.
I think he's Mr. Brown.
I think he's a bad person.
I think he's a bit depressed.
I think he's a bit depressing.
I think he's a competent person.
I think he's a convert to Islam.
I think he's a fool.
I think he's a good developer but a bad project manager.
I think he's a good guy but his relationships with women aren't great.
I think he's a good person.
I think he's a great writer.
I think he's a lifelong showman who knows how to fake things.
I think he's a little mentally retarded.
I think he's a little strange.
I think he's a man of ability.
I think he's a serious and reliable person.
I think he's about 60 years old.
I think he's afraid of you.
I think he's against it.
I think he's an Algerian.
I think he's an honest man.
I think he's angry.
I think he's at his parents place.
I think he's attracted to you.
I think he's been a bit unhappy for quite some time.
I think he's coming, but I'm not quite sure.
I think he's competent.
I think he's correct.
I think he's faking.
I think he's gay.
I think he's going to be ill.
I think he's going to be sick.
I think he's going to say no.
I think he's gone nuts.
I think he's got a few screws loose.
I think he's got a thing for you.
I think he's got talent.
I think he's handsome.
I think he's happy.
I think he's having a heart attack.
I think he's having a mid-life crisis and he needs a therapist.
I think he's having a stroke.
I think he's having an affair with another woman named Tatoeba.
I think he's hiding information from the police.
I think he's hiding something from me.
I think he's hiding something from us.
I think he's hiding something.
I think he's hungry.
I think he's in good health.
I think he's in love with her.
I think he's innocent.
I think he's intelligent.
I think he's interested in me.
I think he's interested in you.
I think he's lonely.
I think he's looking at me.
I think he's looking at you.
I think he's losing his touch.
I think he's lying.
I think he's making a big mistake by turning down the job.
I think he's making a serious mistake refusing that post.
I think he's making a serious mistake turning down that job.
I think he's making fun of you.
I think he's not going to do that again.
I think he's not over his ex.
I think he's playing really well.
I think he's playing very poorly.
I think he's ready to take his shahada.
I think he's really nice.
I think he's right.
I think he's scared of that spider.
I think he's seeing someone else.
I think he's sick.
I think he's singing really well.
I think he's something of a poet.
I think he's telling the truth.
I think he's thirsty.
I think he's tired.
I think he's too shy to talk to you.
I think he's too young.
I think he's trying to get back at her for what she said in the meeting.
I think he's trying to say something.
I think he's trying to tell us something.
I think he's way cuter than Tom.
I think he's wrong.
I think helped Tom out a lot.
I think her name is Dania.
I think her name is Mary.
I think her name was Mary.
I think her opinion is important.
I think her singing killed the cat.
I think he’ll come.
I think he’ll never return.
I think he’s a great writer.
I think he’s angry.
I think he’s coming, but I’m not quite sure.
I think he’s happy.
I think he’s making a big mistake by turning down the job.
I think he’s right.
I think highly of Tom.
I think highly of her.
I think highly of him.
I think highly of your mother.
I think highly of your way of thinking.
I think him a fool.
I think him a good teacher.
I think him in good health.
I think him to be rich.
I think him unkind.
I think his argument overstates the importance of inflation.
I think his death is a national loss.
I think his hat is ugly.
I think his job resume is questionable.
I think his life is in danger.
I think his method of teaching cuts both ways.
I think his method of teaching has good points and bad points.
I think his name is Tom.
I think his name was Tom.
I think his novel is boring.
I think his opinion is important.
I think his opinion is of great importance.
I think his opinion is very important.
I think his suggestion is worth considering.
I think his wife is going out of town.
I think honest people get rewarded in the end.
I think honesty will pay off in the end.
I think honorific language is the hardest part of Japanese.
I think if I talked more often with a native speaker, my English skills would improve quickly.
I think if Mary tried to do that, she could.
I think if Tom and Mary tried to do that, they could.
I think if Tom tried to do that, he could.
I think if someone acts like a child they should be treated like a child.
I think if you try it you will be deceived.
I think if you try it you will be tricked.
I think if you're artistic in any way, you're probably born with it. I guess it's a talent that can be learned here and there, but I think the instinct to tell a story or to create something happens maybe in the womb.
I think in Berber.
I think in French.
I think in multiple languages.
I think insurance will cover it.
I think it a mystery why he killed his wife.
I think it a pity for you to lose such a chance.
I think it a pity that he told a lie.
I think it a pity that you do not study harder.
I think it according to reason.
I think it all ended well.
I think it all has been worth it.
I think it best that you should know the truth.
I think it better for us to adopt his plan.
I think it better not to try.
I think it better to go at once.
I think it can be deleted.
I think it can be done.
I think it can be no other reason but that.
I think it can happen.
I think it can mean either. When I wrote the sentence, I was thinking the former.
I think it certain our team will the win the game.
I think it certain that he went to Tokyo.
I think it certain that our team will win.
I think it certain that she will succeed as a singer.
I think it could be a useful invention.
I think it could happen.
I think it could use some salt.
I think it dangerous for children to play in the pond.
I think it dangerous for children to swim in this lake.
I think it dangerous for you to cross the river.
I think it dangerous to swim in the lake.
I think it dangerous walking alone at night.
I think it definitely helped.
I think it depends on the context.
I think it depends.
I think it does matter.
I think it doubtful that he will keep his word.
I think it doubtful whether he understood my explanation.
I think it doubtful whether he will keep his word.
I think it fell between the seats.
I think it fits you well.
I think it good for you to read this book.
I think it happened because you wanted it to happen.
I think it happened gradually.
I think it happened last night.
I think it has something to do with Tom.
I think it helped.
I think it helps to learn to pronounce words.
I think it helps tremendously.
I think it helps.
I think it important that we keep our promise.
I think it important that we should keep a promise.
I think it important that we should keep calm.
I think it important to tell the truth.
I think it impossible for me to write a novel in French.
I think it impossible for us to beat him.
I think it impossible to deny the fact.
I think it is a gift.
I think it is a mere coincidence.
I think it is a very interesting question.
I think it is a warning.
I think it is about time we changed our ways of disposing of waste.
I think it is all right for beginners to take great pains to avoid using Dr Martin's book.
I think it is all right for beginners to take great pains to avoid using Dr Martin’s book.
I think it is best if you go into the cinema and watch the film. Your friends are probably there already, getting drunk.
I think it is best not to be impolite.
I think it is certain that there is intelligent life in this universe, but the likelihood of that life coming to Earth is practically nil.
I think it is cruel to trap animals for fur coats.
I think it is dangerous for you to drive a car.
I think it is dangerous to swim in the lake.
I think it is done.
I think it is five years old.
I think it is fun to go for a walk.
I think it is going to rain tomorrow.
I think it is good for students to clean their classroom.
I think it is good that books still exist, but they do make me sleepy.
I think it is his intention.
I think it is important that we keep our promise.
I think it is important to live peacefully.
I think it is important to tell him the facts.
I think it is morally wrong to eat people.
I think it is my business to study hard.
I think it is my enemy.
I think it is necessary for children to have something to play with.
I think it is necessary for her to go there.
I think it is necessary for them to go there.
I think it is necessary for us to go there.
I think it is necessary for you to eat more.
I think it is necessary for you to go there.
I think it is not the cause but the consequence.
I think it is unnecessary to talk about it.
I think it is very good to lead a regular life.
I think it is very important that the whole world helps these countries.
I think it is worthwhile to see this film twice.
I think it isn't going to be that hard.
I think it isn't necessary to do that.
I think it isn't possible for us to make up for lost time.
I think it just might work.
I think it looks awesome.
I think it looks classy.
I think it looks cool.
I think it looks good on you.
I think it looks great.
I think it looks much better now than before you painted it.
I think it looks much better now.
I think it made a big difference.
I think it makes a difference.
I think it makes a lot of sense.
I think it makes sense.
I think it matches.
I think it matters.
I think it may be defective.
I think it means a lot to Tom.
I think it might be Tom.
I think it might be a bug.
I think it might be a defect.
I think it might be a glitch.
I think it might be better if you don't tell me.
I think it might be dangerous for Mary to do that by herself.
I think it might be dangerous for Mary to go skin diving by herself.
I think it might be dangerous for Tom and I to do that by ourselves.
I think it might be dangerous for Tom and I to go skin diving by ourselves.
I think it might be dangerous for Tom and Mary to do that by themselves.
I think it might be dangerous for Tom and Mary to go skin diving by themselves.
I think it might be dangerous for Tom and me to do that by ourselves.
I think it might be dangerous for Tom and me to go skin diving by ourselves.
I think it might be dangerous for Tom to do that by himself.
I think it might be dangerous for Tom to do that.
I think it might be dangerous for Tom to go skin diving by himself.
I think it might be dangerous to do that.
I think it might be difficult to do that.
I think it might be easy to do that.
I think it might be expensive to do that.
I think it might be foolish to do that.
I think it might be hard to do that.
I think it might be hard to find a place to park.
I think it might be impossible to do that.
I think it might be interesting to do that.
I think it might be necessary to help Tom.
I think it might be raining.
I think it might be risky to do that.
I think it might be stupid to do that.
I think it might be unethical to do that.
I think it might be unsafe to do that.
I think it might be useful if you could add how to output the diphthongs (with small ya/yu/yo) and geminate consonants (with small tsu).
I think it might happen.
I think it might help if you'd talk to Tom yourself.
I think it might not be cheap to do that.
I think it might not be dangerous to do that.
I think it might not be difficult to do that.
I think it might not be easy to do that.
I think it might not be ethical to do that.
I think it might not be hard to do that.
I think it might not be interesting to do that.
I think it might not be possible to do that.
I think it might not be safe to cross this bridge.
I think it might not be safe to do that.
I think it might not be smart to do that.
I think it might not be so expensive to do that.
I think it might not be so interesting to do that.
I think it might not be wise to do that.
I think it might rain this afternoon.
I think it might rain today, but I could be wrong.
I think it might rain tonight.
I think it might snow tonight.
I think it might work.
I think it must be true.
I think it must have been Tom who broke the window.
I think it must have been Tom who did this.
I think it must have been Tom who sent Mary that note.
I think it must have been Tom who wrote this letter.
I think it must have happened just the way Tom said it did.
I think it must've been Tom who broke the window.
I think it must've been Tom who did this.
I think it must've been Tom who sent Mary that note.
I think it must've been Tom who wrote this letter.
I think it must've happened just the way Tom said it did.
I think it natural for her to decline his offer.
I think it natural for him to get angry.
I think it natural that he got angry.
I think it natural that you should take the matter into consideration.
I think it necessary for children to have something to play with.
I think it necessary for him to go there.
I think it necessary for him to stop smoking.
I think it necessary for you to eat more.
I think it necessary for you to go in person.
I think it necessary for you to see him.
I think it necessary for you to study harder.
I think it necessary that you should do so.
I think it necessary that you should do your duty.
I think it necessary to finish the work by noon.
I think it needs a tune-up.
I think it needs less sake next time.
I think it only matters to you.
I think it possible for man to live on the moon.
I think it possible that he may come.
I think it quite strange that he should not know such a thing.
I think it really brightens you up when someone recognizes you, and that's OK.
I think it really is a problem.
I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive.
I think it scared Tom.
I think it should be X, not Y.
I think it should be possible to do that.
I think it should have been discussed.
I think it should've been discussed.
I think it snowed yesterday.
I think it sounds good.
I think it sounds lovely.
I think it sounds that way because there's something wrong with me.
I think it strange that Alice should keep silence for such a long time.
I think it strange that he didn't speak to you.
I think it strange that he didn’t speak to you.
I think it strange that he should lose his temper over that.
I think it strange that she didn't say anything.
I think it strange that she didn’t say anything.
I think it strange that there is no one on the street at this time of the day.
I think it suits you very well.
I think it takes a while to become active.
I think it takes courage to commit suicide.
I think it tastes good.
I think it true.
I think it was Tom I saw getting on the bus.
I think it was Tom that I saw getting on the bus.
I think it was Tom who did it.
I think it was Tom who did that.
I think it was Tom who did this.
I think it was Tom who helped Mary.
I think it was Tom who locked the door.
I think it was Tom who may have done that.
I think it was Tom who might have done that.
I think it was Tom who said that.
I think it was Tom who told Mary to do that.
I think it was Tom who told Mary to leave.
I think it was Tom who told Mary.
I think it was Tom who volunteered to do that.
I think it was Tom who volunteered to help Mary.
I think it was Tom who wanted to do that.
I think it was Tom's idea.
I think it was Tom's mistake.
I think it was Tom.
I think it was a good day.
I think it was a good metaphor for the War on Terror, despite this "war" not having happened yet at the time.
I think it was a mistake that he didn't take my advice.
I think it was a mistake that he didn’t take my advice.
I think it was a mistake that you didn't take my advice.
I think it was a mistake that you didn’t take my advice.
I think it was a misunderstanding.
I think it was a stupid thing to do.
I think it was an accident.
I think it was appropriate.
I think it was blue.
I think it was fair.
I think it was handled perfectly.
I think it was intentional.
I think it was just a coincidence that Tom and Mary were wearing the same color clothes.
I think it was just an anomaly.
I think it was like this.
I think it was maybe Tom.
I think it was misuse, because my computer never gave a problem.
I think it was one of those men that stole Tom's camera.
I think it was probably last Friday.
I think it was quite impressive.
I think it was silly.
I think it was strange that Tom didn't say anything.
I think it was terrifying.
I think it was the Algerian minister of health that said that.
I think it was the best computer I've ever had in my life.
I think it was the right thing to do.
I think it was unfair.
I think it was useful.
I think it was very unfair of Tom to criticize me for doing that.
I think it was wrong.
I think it was you.
I think it was your fault.
I think it was your idea.
I think it wasn't the best idea.
I think it will be a nice thing.
I think it will be easy to do the job.
I think it will be fine if you call back.
I think it will be fine.
I think it will be hot today.
I think it will be okay.
I think it will be sunny tomorrow.
I think it will be sunny.
I think it will cost you more than 10,000 yen to have this camera fixed.
I think it will just get better.
I think it will rain this afternoon.
I think it will rain.
I think it will storm soon.
I think it won't be a problem.
I think it won't be difficult to do that.
I think it won't be easy to do that.
I think it won't be easy to find a place to park.
I think it won't be hard to do that.
I think it won't even be a topic.
I think it won't happen again.
I think it won't rain this afternoon.
I think it won't rain tomorrow.
I think it won't succeed.
I think it won't work.
I think it won’t rain tomorrow.
I think it won’t succeed.
I think it worked.
I think it works.
I think it would be OK to disobey such an order.
I think it would be a bad idea to do that.
I think it would be a good idea for you to buy another one.
I think it would be a good idea for you to do that.
I think it would be a good idea for you to go to Australia with Tom.
I think it would be a good idea for you to go to Boston with Tom.
I think it would be a good idea for you to learn French.
I think it would be a good idea for you to study French.
I think it would be a good idea if someone did that.
I think it would be a good idea to do that.
I think it would be a good idea to get dressed.
I think it would be a good idea to go home early.
I think it would be a good idea to take a break.
I think it would be a lot of fun to do that.
I think it would be a lot of fun.
I think it would be a mistake not to attend today's meeting.
I think it would be a mistake to do that.
I think it would be a mistake to lend Tom any money.
I think it would be a waste of time do that.
I think it would be best for you to leave.
I think it would be best for you to not do that today.
I think it would be best for you to not say anything.
I think it would be best for you to stay quiet.
I think it would be best for you to tell Tom.
I think it would be best if you didn't go over to Tom's house.
I think it would be best if you do as Tom says and leave.
I think it would be best if you stayed quiet.
I think it would be better for us not to stay here tonight.
I think it would be better for you stay home.
I think it would be better if I went alone.
I think it would be better if Tom stayed here with us.
I think it would be better if we didn't do that today.
I think it would be better if we didn't tell Tom the truth.
I think it would be better if we waited a little bit longer.
I think it would be better if we waited until tomorrow to do that.
I think it would be better if you didn't do that.
I think it would be better if you lay down.
I think it would be better if you left.
I think it would be better if you stayed at home.
I think it would be better not to do that.
I think it would be better not to say anything.
I think it would be better not to take Tom to Boston with you.
I think it would be better to do this some other way.
I think it would be better to leave things the way they are.
I think it would be better to tell Tom the truth.
I think it would be better to tell him the truth.
I think it would be better to wait a little.
I think it would be better to wait a while.
I think it would be cute if Tom and Mary became a couple.
I think it would be dangerous for us to do that.
I think it would be dangerous for us to stay.
I think it would be dangerous for you to do that.
I think it would be dangerous for you to go there alone.
I think it would be difficult to do that.
I think it would be difficult to finish this much work in one day.
I think it would be difficult to personalize every wedding invitation.
I think it would be disrespectful to do that.
I think it would be easy to do that.
I think it would be foolish to do that.
I think it would be fun to do that.
I think it would be fun.
I think it would be funny.
I think it would be good for all of us.
I think it would be good to talk once more with the boss.
I think it would be great to have Tom back on the team.
I think it would be great.
I think it would be hard to do that.
I think it would be illegal to do that.
I think it would be impossible for us to do that in one day.
I think it would be impossible for us to do that.
I think it would be interesting.
I think it would be more fun to go together.
I think it would be possible for us to do that in one day.
I think it would be pretty stupid to do that.
I think it would be really good for you to attend that meeting.
I think it would be really good for you to do that.
I think it would be rude to refuse.
I think it would be safe for you to do that by yourself.
I think it would be safe to do that by yourself.
I think it would be so much fun.
I think it would be strange for Tom to do something like that.
I think it would be too difficult to do that.
I think it would be unethical to do that.
I think it would be wise to wait a little longer.
I think it would be wise to wait a while longer.
I think it would bore me stiff.
I think it would have been a better shoot with a 10mm lens.
I think it would have been better if we hadn't done that.
I think it would have been difficult to do that.
I think it would have been good to do that.
I think it would work this time.
I think it would work.
I think it would've been better if we hadn't done that.
I think it would've been better not to have said anything.
I think it would've been better to shut up.
I think it would've been difficult to do that.
I think it would've been good to do that.
I think it wouldn't be dangerous to do that.
I think it wouldn't be difficult to do that.
I think it wouldn't be easy to do that.
I think it wouldn't be fun to do that.
I think it wouldn't be hard to do that.
I think it wouldn't be much fun to do that.
I think it wouldn't be too hard to come up with a better system.
I think it wouldn’t be too hard to come up with a better system.
I think it wrong that he should go alone.
I think it'd be better for Tom to stay here.
I think it'd be better if Tom didn't tell Mary about this.
I think it'd be better if you didn't do that.
I think it'd be better if you didn't drink that.
I think it'd be better if you didn't go drinking with Tom tonight.
I think it'd be better if you didn't go out tonight.
I think it'd be better if you didn't sing.
I think it'd be better if you lay down.
I think it'd be better if you left now.
I think it'd be better if you went now.
I think it'd be better not to do that.
I think it'd be better not to drink this water.
I think it'd be better not to park here.
I think it'd be better to ask Tom to do that for us.
I think it'd be better to ask Tom to help.
I think it'd be better to do that later.
I think it'd be better to do that now.
I think it'd be better to do that the way Tom suggested.
I think it'd be better to eat something before we go.
I think it'd be better to stay indoors today.
I think it'd be fun to cycle around Australia.
I think it'd be fun to do that.
I think it'd be fun.
I think it'd be good if you read this book.
I think it'd be good to phone again.
I think it'd be good to ring again.
I think it'd be great if you could come.
I think it'd be great, if you could come tomorrow.
I think it'll backfire.
I think it'll be OK.
I think it'll be a busy week.
I think it'll be a busy winter.
I think it'll be a good game.
I think it'll be a nice thing.
I think it'll be cold today.
I think it'll be difficult to do that.
I think it'll be easier to do that the way Tom suggested.
I think it'll be easy for you to get a driver's license.
I think it'll be easy to do that.
I think it'll be easy to do the job.
I think it'll be easy.
I think it'll be faster to get to school by train than by bus.
I think it'll be fine.
I think it'll be fun to do that.
I think it'll be fun.
I think it'll be good for Tom.
I think it'll be hard to do that.
I think it'll be hot today.
I think it'll be hot tomorrow.
I think it'll be impossible to do that today.
I think it'll be impossible to do that without a lot of help.
I think it'll be impossible to do that.
I think it'll be interesting to see how much Tom can sell that painting for.
I think it'll be necessary for you to do that again.
I think it'll be possible to do that.
I think it'll be possible to get this ink stain out.
I think it'll be raining tomorrow.
I think it'll be safe to do that.
I think it'll be sunny tomorrow.
I think it'll be sunny.
I think it'll be too much for Mary to handle.
I think it'll be useful.
I think it'll be worth the wait.
I think it'll cost you more than 10,000 yen to have this camera fixed.
I think it'll do everybody good.
I think it'll freeze tonight.
I think it'll happen eventually.
I think it'll happen sooner than you think.
I think it'll happen.
I think it'll haunt me forever.
I think it'll just get better.
I think it'll make a difference.
I think it'll pay off.
I think it'll possible to do that.
I think it'll rain all day today.
I think it'll rain soon.
I think it'll rain this afternoon.
I think it'll rain today.
I think it'll rain tomorrow.
I think it'll rain tonight.
I think it'll rain.
I think it'll snow today.
I think it'll snow tomorrow.
I think it'll snow tonight.
I think it'll snow.
I think it'll start raining soon.
I think it'll start to rain soon.
I think it'll take more than a year to finish building our house.
I think it'll taste better if you add a little salt and pepper.
I think it'll turn out differently this time.
I think it'll turn out fine.
I think it'll work out.
I think it'll work.
I think it's OK as it is.
I think it's OK for us to talk about that.
I think it's OK to do that.
I think it's OK to drink this water.
I think it's OK to leave early.
I think it's OK to let Tom go home early.
I think it's OK to talk about that now.
I think it's OK.
I think it's Tom's fault.
I think it's Tom's motorcycle.
I think it's Tom's turn.
I think it's Tom.
I think it's Ziri's turn to play.
I think it's Ziri's turn.
I think it's a bad idea to loan Tom money.
I think it's a bad idea.
I think it's a beautiful place.
I think it's a bit too small for you.
I think it's a bit worrying.
I think it's a brilliant idea.
I think it's a challenge.
I think it's a cicada.
I think it's a comedy.
I think it's a cool idea.
I think it's a dumb theory.
I think it's a fad.
I think it's a fair decision.
I think it's a fantastic idea, it'll just have to be another time.
I think it's a fantastic idea.
I think it's a fir tree.
I think it's a fox, not a dog.
I think it's a good compromise.
I think it's a good idea and we should do as Tom suggests.
I think it's a good idea myself.
I think it's a good idea to spend some time apart so you can see each other differently.
I think it's a good idea.
I think it's a good investment.
I think it's a good language.
I think it's a good law.
I think it's a good plan.
I think it's a good project.
I think it's a good start.
I think it's a good thing because it keep us on our toes.
I think it's a good thing that evangelism is prohibited in Russia, but I remember when the theocratic Christian right was up in arms over Israel proposing a similar law.
I think it's a good thing.
I think it's a great chance for us.
I think it's a great compromise.
I think it's a great idea.
I think it's a great pity that he died so young.
I think it's a healthy debate.
I think it's a horror movie.
I think it's a huge pity.
I think it's a little concerning.
I think it's a little more complicated than that.
I think it's a little more sophisticated than that.
I think it's a little risky to do that without some help.
I think it's a little too cold to go on a picnic.
I think it's a little too early to celebrate.
I think it's a little too late to do that.
I think it's a little too small for you.
I think it's a lot better here than it used to be.
I think it's a lot better in Australia.
I think it's a lot better in Boston.
I think it's a massive problem.
I think it's a miracle.
I think it's a myth.
I think it's a neat idea.
I think it's a permanent change.
I think it's a pity that he lied.
I think it's a pity you could not come to our party.
I think it's a possibility.
I think it's a problem.
I think it's a rather boring sentence.
I think it's a realistic fear.
I think it's a really good thing.
I think it's a reasonable hypothesis.
I think it's a risk that anyone would've taken.
I think it's a rumor.
I think it's a rumour.
I think it's a serious problem.
I think it's a shame that some foreign language teachers were able to graduate from college without ever having studied with a native speaker.
I think it's a shame.
I think it's a string instrument? Does it have strings? Does it make a noise? Then I suppose it's a string instrument.
I think it's a terrible law.
I think it's a terrible thing.
I think it's a trap.
I think it's a trick.
I think it's a very good deal.
I think it's a very interesting question.
I think it's a warning.
I think it's a waste of time to watch TV.
I think it's a waste of time.
I think it's a wild goose chase.
I think it's a wolf.
I think it's a wonderful idea.
I think it's a wonderful thing.
I think it's a worthwhile thing to do.
I think it's about three miles from here.
I think it's about time I had a serious talk with Tom.
I think it's about time for me to get a haircut.
I think it's about time for us to leave.
I think it's about time that I had a serious talk with Tom.
I think it's about time to get my hair cut.
I think it's about time to go.
I think it's about time we change the subject.
I think it's about time we got down to brass tacks.
I think it's about time we got started.
I think it's about time we started to believe Tom.
I think it's about time we told Mary that she's adopted.
I think it's about time we told Tom and Mary that they're adopted.
I think it's about time we told Tom that he's adopted.
I think it's about time you put new tires on your car.
I think it's about time you stopped putting your belly before your looks.
I think it's about time you tell us the whole truth.
I think it's about time.
I think it's absolutely essential.
I think it's absolutely fine.
I think it's absolutely ridiculous.
I think it's absurd to do so.
I think it's adorable.
I think it's all Tom's fault.
I think it's all been used up.
I think it's all been worth it.
I think it's all right now.
I think it's all right.
I think it's all wrong.
I think it's almost time to go.
I think it's already too late for that.
I think it's also important to listen to other people's opinions.
I think it's amazing.
I think it's an awesome deal.
I think it's an excellent idea.
I think it's an honor.
I think it's an illusion.
I think it's an important event.
I think it's an option we need to explore.
I think it's an option we need to look into.
I think it's an unfair decision.
I think it's appropriate.
I think it's around here.
I think it's atrocious.
I think it's awesome.
I think it's awful, that they're spreading rumors.
I think it's beat.
I think it's beautiful.
I think it's been a year since we've gone anywhere.
I think it's beer o'clock, don't you?
I think it's best if I go home now.
I think it's best if I leave Tom alone.
I think it's best if I leave early.
I think it's best if I stay here for a while.
I think it's best if you tell Tom.
I think it's best not to wake Tom up.
I think it's best that we don't see each other again.
I think it's best that you should know the truth.
I think it's best to accept his plan.
I think it's best to move on now.
I think it's best to take a break now.
I think it's best you don't talk to me.
I think it's better for Fadil to stay here.
I think it's better for Tom to stay here with us.
I think it's better for Tom to stay here.
I think it's better for us to adopt his plan.
I think it's better if I leave early.
I think it's better if I leave.
I think it's better if we don't stay here tonight.
I think it's better if we get divorced.
I think it's better if we separate.
I think it's better if we split up.
I think it's better if you leave early.
I think it's better if you stay.
I think it's better not to do it.
I think it's better not to do that.
I think it's better not to do this.
I think it's better not to lend him a hand.
I think it's better not to say anything about that.
I think it's better not to try it.
I think it's better that way, too.
I think it's better that way.
I think it's better that we don't stay here tonight.
I think it's better that we leave it as it is.
I think it's better that you get your sleep, and we'll deal with it afterwards.
I think it's better to do it this way.
I think it's better to end the conversation now.
I think it's better to get rid of it.
I think it's better to stay here until the snow stops.
I think it's better to stay here.
I think it's better you stay here until the snow stops.
I think it's brilliant that we're all here.
I think it's broken.
I think it's busted.
I think it's by the Chuo Line.
I think it's cashed.
I think it's clearing up.
I think it's clearly justified.
I think it's clouding up.
I think it's coming along.
I think it's cool.
I think it's crazy.
I think it's cruel to keep a cat indoors.
I think it's cruel to keep a cat inside.
I think it's dangerous for Tom to go there alone.
I think it's dangerous for children to do that.
I think it's dangerous for children to play in the pond.
I think it's dangerous for children to swim in this lake.
I think it's dangerous for you to cross the river.
I think it's dangerous for you to drive a car.
I think it's dangerous to climb a mountain on a day when it's stormy.
I think it's dangerous to climb that mountain alone.
I think it's dangerous to do that.
I think it's dangerous to swim here.
I think it's dangerous to swim in that river.
I think it's dangerous to swim in this lake.
I think it's dangerous to swim in this river.
I think it's dangerous to walk alone at night.
I think it's dangerous.
I think it's definitely a game changer.
I think it's definitely worth it.
I think it's disgraceful.
I think it's disgusting.
I think it's doable.
I think it's enough for me.
I think it's fair to say that Algiers has a big influence on the rest of Algeria.
I think it's fair.
I think it's fantastic.
I think it's fascinating.
I think it's faster to get to school by train than by bus.
I think it's finally time for us to start doing that.
I think it's fine as it is.
I think it's fine like this.
I think it's fine the way it is.
I think it's fine this way.
I think it's fine.
I think it's funny.
I think it's getting better.
I think it's getting close to bedtime.
I think it's getting to be time to go to bed.
I think it's getting warmer.
I think it's going to be a busy week.
I think it's going to be a good year.
I think it's going to be a little bit of a problem.
I think it's going to be a nice day.
I think it's going to be difficult to find a good place to live Boston.
I think it's going to be fun.
I think it's going to be hard to find a good place to live Boston.
I think it's going to be very difficult.
I think it's going to be very hard.
I think it's going to be very hot today.
I think it's going to get steadily hotter from now.
I think it's going to rain soon.
I think it's going to rain this afternoon.
I think it's going to rain today.
I think it's going to rain.
I think it's going to snow again tomorrow, so please be careful.
I think it's going to snow tonight.
I think it's going to start raining soon.
I think it's going to take time.
I think it's going to work.
I think it's going well.
I think it's good enough.
I think it's good for everybody.
I think it's good for everyone.
I think it's good for you to read this book.
I think it's good to go for a walk.
I think it's good.
I think it's great that you can do what you want.
I think it's great that you got that job.
I think it's great that you tried to help me.
I think it's great that you were able to do that.
I think it's great that you were able to do what you wanted.
I think it's great that you're able to do that.
I think it's great that you're able to do what you want.
I think it's great that you're learning French.
I think it's great to go walking.
I think it's great.
I think it's happening again.
I think it's her.
I think it's highly unlikely Tom wasn't aware he wouldn't be allowed to enter the museum without his parents.
I think it's highly unlikely Tom will drink any beer.
I think it's highly unlikely Tom will ever be satisfied.
I think it's highly unlikely Tom will ever face criminal charges.
I think it's highly unlikely Tom will get custody of the kids.
I think it's highly unlikely Tom will go bowling.
I think it's highly unlikely Tom will show up today.
I think it's highly unlikely Tom will take Mary to the party.
I think it's highly unlikely Tom will write back.
I think it's highly unlikely that I'll ever see my stolen motorcycle again.
I think it's highly unlikely that Mary will eat the sandwich you made for her.
I think it's highly unlikely that Tom and Mary will eat the sandwiches you made for them.
I think it's highly unlikely that Tom was not aware that he wouldn't be allowed to enter the museum without his parents.
I think it's highly unlikely that Tom wasn't aware that he wouldn't be allowed to enter the museum without his parents.
I think it's highly unlikely that Tom will be allowed to keep the gold that he found.
I think it's highly unlikely that Tom will drink any beer.
I think it's highly unlikely that Tom will eat the sandwich you made for him.
I think it's highly unlikely that Tom will ever be satisfied.
I think it's highly unlikely that Tom will ever face criminal charges.
I think it's highly unlikely that Tom will get custody of the kids.
I think it's highly unlikely that Tom will go bowling.
I think it's highly unlikely that Tom will show up today.
I think it's highly unlikely that Tom will swim.
I think it's highly unlikely that Tom will take Mary to the party.
I think it's highly unlikely that Tom will write back.
I think it's highly unlikely that Tom would be interested in buying your old MP3 player.
I think it's highly unlikely that we'll be able to escape from this prison.
I think it's highly unlikely that we'll ever get any help from the national government.
I think it's highly unlikely that you'll be able to do that by yourself.
I think it's hilarious.
I think it's him.
I think it's hogwash.
I think it's horrible.
I think it's huge.
I think it's impolite to do that.
I think it's important for Tom to learn French.
I think it's important for Tom to learn how to speak French.
I think it's important for us to discover why we exist.
I think it's important for us to do that.
I think it's important for us to stay calm.
I think it's important for you to answer that question.
I think it's important for you to learn French.
I think it's important for you to learn how to speak French.
I think it's important that we finish doing this before Monday.
I think it's important that you talk about the facts with him.
I think it's important to be able to explain your reasoning when asked why you interpreted something a certain way.
I think it's important to keep a promise.
I think it's important to keep promises.
I think it's important to listen to both sides of an argument.
I think it's important to realize that may not happen.
I think it's important to realize that that may not happen.
I think it's important to split the housework.
I think it's important to tell him the facts.
I think it's important to tell the truth.
I think it's important to understand that may not happen.
I think it's important to understand that that may not happen.
I think it's important we finish doing this before Monday.
I think it's important.
I think it's impossible for Tom.
I think it's impossible for him to solve the problem.
I think it's impossible for us to beat Tom.
I think it's impossible for us to beat him.
I think it's impossible for us to do that today.
I think it's impossible.
I think it's in the basement.
I think it's in the foyer.
I think it's in the washing machine.
I think it's in this area.
I think it's inappropriate.
I think it's incurable.
I think it's inevitable now.
I think it's interesting.
I think it's intriguing.
I think it's just a coincidence.
I think it's just a typo, rather than a grammatical error.
I think it's just your imagination.
I think it's kind of cool.
I think it's kind of crazy.
I think it's kind of nice.
I think it's kind of stupid.
I think it's likely to rain.
I think it's little too early to do that.
I think it's little too late to do that now.
I think it's made out of steel.
I think it's more dangerous than you think it is.
I think it's more fun to play with you.
I think it's more important to discuss possible solutions.
I think it's more interesting to look around the city.
I think it's much better now.
I think it's mutually beneficial.
I think it's my bedtime.
I think it's my favorite.
I think it's my neighbor's fault.
I think it's my turn.
I think it's natural.
I think it's necessary for Tom to go there.
I think it's necessary for him to go there.
I think it's necessary for you to see Tom.
I think it's necessary for you to see him.
I think it's necessary for you to talk to Tom.
I think it's necessary to sleep well to keep in good health.
I think it's necessary.
I think it's nice around here.
I think it's nice, too.
I think it's no big deal.
I think it's nobody's fault.
I think it's nonsense.
I think it's not a good idea to let children drink wine.
I think it's not a good idea.
I think it's not a problem in this case.
I think it's not clear what exactly we should do.
I think it's not going to be that hard.
I think it's not gonna be that hard.
I think it's not good for Tom to go alone.
I think it's not good for him to go alone.
I think it's not necessary to do that.
I think it's not only my problem.
I think it's not so bad.
I think it's not worth the risk.
I think it's obvious, don't you?
I think it's obvious.
I think it's okay to talk.
I think it's only fair.
I think it's our mistake.
I think it's over now.
I think it's over.
I think it's part of Ukraine now.
I think it's perfect.
I think it's personal.
I think it's possible Tom may come.
I think it's possible for people to live on the moon.
I think it's possible that Tom may come.
I think it's possible that he may come.
I think it's possible that there's nothing we can do.
I think it's possible that we may win.
I think it's possible.
I think it's pretty clear that we still have a lot to learn.
I think it's pretty cool.
I think it's pretty fantastic.
I think it's pretty good.
I think it's pretty obvious Tom doesn't want to be here.
I think it's pretty obvious Tom doesn't want to do that.
I think it's pretty obvious Tom likes Mary.
I think it's pretty obvious that Tom and Mary don't want to be here.
I think it's pretty obvious that Tom and Mary don't want to do that.
I think it's pretty obvious that Tom doesn't want to be here.
I think it's pretty obvious that Tom doesn't want to do that.
I think it's pretty obvious that Tom likes Mary.
I think it's pretty weird.
I think it's pretty.
I think it's probably best if we don't see each other any more.
I think it's probably cheap to do that.
I think it's probably dangerous to do that.
I think it's probably difficult to do that.
I think it's probably easy to do that.
I think it's probably expensive to do that.
I think it's probably hard to do that.
I think it's probably impossible to do that.
I think it's probably not cheap to do that.
I think it's probably not dangerous to do that.
I think it's probably not difficult to do that.
I think it's probably not easy to do that.
I think it's probably not expensive to do that.
I think it's probably not hard to do that.
I think it's probably not possible to do that.
I think it's probably not safe to do that.
I think it's probably not unethical to do that.
I think it's probably not wise to do that.
I think it's probably possible to do that.
I think it's probably safe to do that.
I think it's probably unethical to do that.
I think it's probably unsafe to do that.
I think it's quite amusing.
I think it's quite good here.
I think it's quite good.
I think it's raining in Boston now.
I think it's raining.
I think it's real nice.
I think it's realistic.
I think it's really cool.
I think it's really great that other people are coming into the space.
I think it's really hard.
I think it's really immature.
I think it's really important for you to go to Australia.
I think it's really important for you to go to Boston.
I think it's really important for you to visit Tom in the hospital.
I think it's really important that we do that today.
I think it's really important that we do that.
I think it's really important we do that today.
I think it's really important we do that.
I think it's really nice what you're doing.
I think it's really nice.
I think it's really special.
I think it's really ugly.
I think it's reasonable.
I think it's reliable.
I think it's right that when starting a hunt, hares and pheasants are warned by blowing a horn.
I think it's sad not to have any friends.
I think it's sad to have no friends.
I think it's sad to not have any friends.
I think it's safe to assume Tom won't be here tomorrow.
I think it's safe to assume that Tom won't be here tomorrow.
I think it's safe to swim here.
I think it's safe.
I think it's sensible.
I think it's silly that Tom didn't learn the language that everyone speaks.
I think it's silly that Tom is learning French.
I think it's similar.
I think it's simple.
I think it's some kind of cult.
I think it's somewhere around here.
I think it's still OK to criticize Saudi Arabia online.
I think it's still there.
I think it's still too early to celebrate.
I think it's still too early to tell.
I think it's still worth a try.
I think it's still worth it.
I think it's strange that Alice should keep silent for such a long time.
I think it's strange that Tom and Mary are absent.
I think it's strange that Tom is absent.
I think it's strange that he didn't speak to you.
I think it's strange that no one is on the street this time of the day.
I think it's strange that she was absent from school.
I think it's strange.
I think it's superfluous.
I think it's terrible.
I think it's that simple.
I think it's the best option.
I think it's the best way.
I think it's the first time I've seen such a beautiful evening.
I think it's the flu.
I think it's the right size.
I think it's the right thing to do.
I think it's the right time to ditch Big Tech.
I think it's the same thing that happened to Tom.
I think it's the smart thing to do.
I think it's them.
I think it's time I did something about that.
I think it's time I do my homework.
I think it's time I lay down the law around here.
I think it's time I left.
I think it's time I moved to a smaller apartment.
I think it's time I went home.
I think it's time for Tom to go.
I think it's time for Tom to leave.
I think it's time for a beer.
I think it's time for a career change.
I think it's time for a drink.
I think it's time for a quiet weekend.
I think it's time for an oil change.
I think it's time for breakfast.
I think it's time for dinner.
I think it's time for lunch.
I think it's time for me to abandon that idea.
I think it's time for me to abandon that plan.
I think it's time for me to accept responsibility for that problem.
I think it's time for me to admit I never cared about you.
I think it's time for me to admit that I never cared about you.
I think it's time for me to apologize to her.
I think it's time for me to ask for directions.
I think it's time for me to ask for her help.
I think it's time for me to ask for his advice.
I think it's time for me to buy a decent camera.
I think it's time for me to buy a decent car.
I think it's time for me to buy a house.
I think it's time for me to buy a new camera.
I think it's time for me to buy a new car.
I think it's time for me to buy my daughter a decent computer.
I think it's time for me to buy my son a car.
I think it's time for me to call a doctor.
I think it's time for me to call it a day.
I think it's time for me to call it quits.
I think it's time for me to change jobs.
I think it's time for me to change my plans.
I think it's time for me to clean the chimney.
I think it's time for me to clean the garage.
I think it's time for me to close the window.
I think it's time for me to come clean.
I think it's time for me to confront that problem.
I think it's time for me to consider going on a diet.
I think it's time for me to consult a doctor.
I think it's time for me to consult a lawyer.
I think it's time for me to contact her.
I think it's time for me to contact him by phone.
I think it's time for me to discuss the matter with him.
I think it's time for me to discuss the problem with her.
I think it's time for me to do my homework.
I think it's time for me to get a bit of exercise.
I think it's time for me to get a dog.
I think it's time for me to get a job.
I think it's time for me to get a new email address.
I think it's time for me to get a new job.
I think it's time for me to get a new pair of glasses.
I think it's time for me to get my eyes checked.
I think it's time for me to get my own place.
I think it's time for me to give her a ride home.
I think it's time for me to give up on this relationship.
I think it's time for me to go back to work.
I think it's time for me to go home.
I think it's time for me to go to bed.
I think it's time for me to go.
I think it's time for me to join the fight.
I think it's time for me to leave for school.
I think it's time for me to leave now.
I think it's time for me to leave.
I think it's time for me to lose some weight.
I think it's time for me to make some new friends.
I think it's time for me to move into a smaller home.
I think it's time for me to move on.
I think it's time for me to move to the suburbs.
I think it's time for me to mow the lawn.
I think it's time for me to organize a party.
I think it's time for me to put new bait on the hook.
I think it's time for me to reconsider how I've been living.
I think it's time for me to refill this prescription.
I think it's time for me to retire.
I think it's time for me to return to Australia.
I think it's time for me to return to Boston.
I think it's time for me to say goodbye.
I think it's time for me to say what I really think.
I think it's time for me to sharpen my pencil.
I think it's time for me to shove off.
I think it's time for me to show you how to do that properly.
I think it's time for me to speak up.
I think it's time for me to spend a little time with my children.
I think it's time for me to split some more firewood.
I think it's time for me to split.
I think it's time for me to start cooking dinner.
I think it's time for me to start doing my homework.
I think it's time for me to start taking my responsibilities seriously.
I think it's time for me to step aside.
I think it's time for me to stop allowing her to always have her own way.
I think it's time for me to study.
I think it's time for me to take a break.
I think it's time for me to talk to the boss about this problem.
I think it's time for me to throw a little party.
I think it's time for me to turn off the TV.
I think it's time for me to turn on the radio.
I think it's time for me to walk away from this mess.
I think it's time for me to wash my car.
I think it's time for me to wash this shirt.
I think it's time for me to write my mother another letter.
I think it's time for us to buy a larger house.
I think it's time for us to buy a new car.
I think it's time for us to change the subject.
I think it's time for us to come to an agreement.
I think it's time for us to do that.
I think it's time for us to go home.
I think it's time for us to go.
I think it's time for us to leave.
I think it's time for us to start getting ready.
I think it's time for us to stop.
I think it's time for us to tell Tom the truth.
I think it's time for you to come back home.
I think it's time for you to come home.
I think it's time for you to go home.
I think it's time for you to go to bed.
I think it's time for you to go.
I think it's time for you to grow up.
I think it's time for you to leave now.
I think it's time for you to leave.
I think it's time for you to start helping out around here.
I think it's time for you to step aside, to leave the leadership of the company to your son.
I think it's time for you to tell me the truth.
I think it's time for you to visit a mosque.
I think it's time for you to visit an Islamic center.
I think it's time she talk about the problem with the boss.
I think it's time to begin.
I think it's time to come clean.
I think it's time to do my homework.
I think it's time to eat.
I think it's time to end school for today.
I think it's time to file down those fingernails.
I think it's time to flip the pancakes over.
I think it's time to get out of here.
I think it's time to get started.
I think it's time to give up.
I think it's time to go home.
I think it's time to go.
I think it's time to leave.
I think it's time to make some changes.
I think it's time to patch things up with your colleague.
I think it's time to run.
I think it's time to send Tom packing.
I think it's time to sleep.
I think it's time to start getting ready.
I think it's time to start helping Tom a bit more.
I think it's time to stop.
I think it's time to take a break.
I think it's time to take things into my own hands.
I think it's time to try a new approach.
I think it's time to wake Tom up.
I think it's time to wean the lambs.
I think it's time to wind up this meeting.
I think it's time to write one more letter to my mother.
I think it's time we asked Tom to leave.
I think it's time we found out more about Tom.
I think it's time we gave Tom a raise.
I think it's time we gave Tom some time off.
I think it's time we got out of here.
I think it's time we had a little talk with Tom.
I think it's time we had a little talk.
I think it's time we had a talk.
I think it's time we left.
I think it's time we made some changes.
I think it's time we put the vodka away before things get out of control.
I think it's time we started pulling in the same direction.
I think it's time we stopped doing this.
I think it's time you and Tom went home.
I think it's time you went.
I think it's too big for you.
I think it's too big.
I think it's too cold to sleep in the van.
I think it's too cold to swim.
I think it's too early in the morning to do that.
I think it's too early in the morning to go to Tom's house.
I think it's too early in the morning to go to Tom's.
I think it's too early in the morning to visit Tom.
I think it's too early to do that.
I think it's too early to go home.
I think it's too early to go over to Tom's.
I think it's too early to know if we've been successful.
I think it's too early to make a decision.
I think it's too early to tell.
I think it's too early to visit Tom.
I think it's too expensive; besides, it doesn't even look that good...
I think it's too late now.
I think it's too late to do that now.
I think it's too late to do that.
I think it's too late to go over to Tom's.
I think it's too late to sing now.
I think it's too late.
I think it's too risky.
I think it's too small for you.
I think it's too soon to judge.
I think it's true that he wasn't at the scene.
I think it's true.
I think it's unfair that you can't receive a good education if you're poor.
I think it's unfair.
I think it's unhealthy to eat more than 20 oranges a day.
I think it's unlikely I'll be able to pass my driving test.
I think it's unlikely Mary will invite Tom to her party.
I think it's unlikely Tom and Mary will invite John to their party.
I think it's unlikely Tom will ask Mary to do that.
I think it's unlikely Tom will be able to do that.
I think it's unlikely Tom will be arrested.
I think it's unlikely Tom will be here tomorrow.
I think it's unlikely Tom will come to the party alone.
I think it's unlikely Tom will cry.
I think it's unlikely Tom will do that.
I think it's unlikely Tom will ever do that.
I think it's unlikely Tom will get back in time for supper.
I think it's unlikely Tom will get elected.
I think it's unlikely Tom will help.
I think it's unlikely Tom will invite Mary to his party.
I think it's unlikely Tom will marry Mary.
I think it's unlikely Tom will think doing that is a good idea.
I think it's unlikely Tom will want to do that.
I think it's unlikely Tom will win.
I think it's unlikely Tom would ever move.
I think it's unlikely that I'll be able to pass my driving test.
I think it's unlikely that Tom will ask Mary to do that.
I think it's unlikely that Tom will be able to do that.
I think it's unlikely that Tom will be arrested.
I think it's unlikely that Tom will come to the party alone.
I think it's unlikely that Tom will ever do that.
I think it's unlikely that Tom will get back in time for supper.
I think it's unlikely that Tom will get elected.
I think it's unlikely that Tom will marry Mary.
I think it's unlikely that Tom would be interested in buying your old MP3 player.
I think it's unlikely that Tom would ever move.
I think it's unlikely that a situation like this one would ever occur again.
I think it's unlikely that aliens similar to what we see in the movies have ever visited our planet.
I think it's unlikely that any store would sell this model for that price.
I think it's unlikely that it'll rain tomorrow.
I think it's unlikely that plants feel pain.
I think it's unlikely that that's the truth.
I think it's unlikely that the next model will be any better than this one.
I think it's unlikely that the next version of Windows will come out before the end of this month.
I think it's unlikely that the police will find Tom.
I think it's unlikely that will ever happen.
I think it's unlikely that will happen.
I think it's unlikely that'll ever happen.
I think it's unlikely to happen.
I think it's unnecessary.
I think it's unreasonable.
I think it's unwise to do that now.
I think it's upside down.
I think it's very clear what's going on here.
I think it's very cute.
I think it's very dangerous.
I think it's very deceptive.
I think it's very difficult for an Englishman to imitate a real American accent.
I think it's very difficult.
I think it's very doable.
I think it's very good.
I think it's very hot here.
I think it's very important for children to have something to do.
I think it's very important.
I think it's very impressive.
I think it's very like a Picasso.
I think it's very likely that they'll arrive next week.
I think it's very nice.
I think it's very obvious what'll happen if we do that.
I think it's very obvious what'll happen.
I think it's very obvious what's going to happen if we do that.
I think it's very obvious what's going to happen.
I think it's very romantic.
I think it's very strange.
I think it's very unlikely that Tom will go bowling.
I think it's very wrong.
I think it's very, very unlikely that Tom knows Mary's phone number.
I think it's viable.
I think it's warm enough to open up a window.
I think it's way too early to do that.
I think it's way too late to do that now.
I think it's way too late to do that.
I think it's wonderful that you're going on a picnic.
I think it's wonderful.
I think it's working.
I think it's worth a shot.
I think it's worth a try.
I think it's worth asking.
I think it's worth it.
I think it's worth saying it.
I think it's worth the price.
I think it's worth the risk.
I think it's worth trying.
I think it's wrong to lie.
I think it's wrong to tell a lie.
I think it's wrong.
I think it's you who should apologize to Tom.
I think it's you who should apologize to her.
I think it’ll freeze tonight.
I think it’ll rain today.
I think it’ll take more than a year to finish building our house.
I think it’s OK.
I think it’s a good idea to spend some time apart so you can see each other differently.
I think it’s a good idea.
I think it’s a good thing because it keep us on our toes.
I think it’s a great pity that he died so young.
I think it’s a pity that he lied.
I think it’s a pity you could not come to our party.
I think it’s a shame that some foreign language teachers were able to graduate from college without ever having studied with a native speaker.
I think it’s about time we got down to brass tacks.
I think it’s about time you stopped putting your belly before your looks.
I think it’s absurd to do so.
I think it’s around here.
I think it’s better for us to adopt his plan.
I think it’s better not to lend him a hand.
I think it’s better you stay here until the snow stops.
I think it’s by the Chuo Line.
I think it’s clouding up.
I think it’s dangerous to climb a mountain on a day when it’s stormy.
I think it’s dangerous to climb that mountain alone.
I think it’s dangerous to swim in that river.
I think it’s getting warmer.
I think it’s going to be a nice day.
I think it’s going to get steadily hotter from now.
I think it’s going to rain today.
I think it’s going to rain.
I think it’s going to snow.
I think it’s good for the economy because these are people who need those jobs.
I think it’s highly unlikely that I’ll ever see my stolen motorcycle again.
I think it’s highly unlikely that Tom was not aware that he wouldn’t be allowed to enter the museum without his parents.
I think it’s highly unlikely that Tom will be allowed to keep the gold that he found.
I think it’s highly unlikely that Tom will ever be satisfied.
I think it’s highly unlikely that Tom will ever face criminal charges.
I think it’s highly unlikely that Tom will get custody of the kids.
I think it’s highly unlikely that Tom will show up today.
I think it’s highly unlikely that we’ll be able to escape from this prison.
I think it’s highly unlikely that we’ll ever get any help from the national government.
I think it’s highly unlikely that you’ll be able to do that by yourself.
I think it’s important to keep a promise.
I think it’s impossible for him to solve the problem.
I think it’s necessary to sleep well to keep in good health.
I think it’s possible for people to live on the moon.
I think it’s possible.
I think it’s sad to have no friends.
I think it’s somewhere around here.
I think it’s strange that Alice should keep silent for such a long time.
I think it’s strange that no one is on the street this time of the day.
I think it’s strange that she was absent from school.
I think it’s the best way.
I think it’s time I moved to a smaller apartment.
I think it’s time for me to abandon that idea.
I think it’s time for me to abandon that plan.
I think it’s time for me to accept responsibility for that problem.
I think it’s time for me to admit that I never cared about you.
I think it’s time for me to apologize to her.
I think it’s time for me to ask for directions.
I think it’s time for me to ask for her help.
I think it’s time for me to ask for his advice.
I think it’s time for me to buy a decent camera.
I think it’s time for me to buy a decent car.
I think it’s time for me to buy a house.
I think it’s time for me to buy a new camera.
I think it’s time for me to buy a new car.
I think it’s time for me to buy my daughter a decent computer.
I think it’s time for me to buy my son a car.
I think it’s time for me to call a doctor.
I think it’s time for me to call it a day.
I think it’s time for me to call it quits.
I think it’s time for me to change jobs.
I think it’s time for me to change my plans.
I think it’s time for me to clean the chimney.
I think it’s time for me to clean the garage.
I think it’s time for me to close the window.
I think it’s time for me to come clean.
I think it’s time for me to confront that problem.
I think it’s time for me to consider going on a diet.
I think it’s time for me to consult a doctor.
I think it’s time for me to consult a lawyer.
I think it’s time for me to contact her.
I think it’s time for me to contact him by phone.
I think it’s time for me to discuss the matter with him.
I think it’s time for me to discuss the problem with her.
I think it’s time for me to do my homework.
I think it’s time for me to get a bit of exercise.
I think it’s time for me to get a dog.
I think it’s time for me to get a job.
I think it’s time for me to get a new email address.
I think it’s time for me to get a new job.
I think it’s time for me to get a new pair of glasses.
I think it’s time for me to get my eyes checked.
I think it’s time for me to get my own place.
I think it’s time for me to give her a ride home.
I think it’s time for me to give up on this relationship.
I think it’s time for me to go back to work.
I think it’s time for me to go to bed.
I think it’s time for me to go.
I think it’s time for me to join the fight.
I think it’s time for me to leave for school.
I think it’s time for me to leave now.
I think it’s time for me to leave.
I think it’s time for me to lose some weight.
I think it’s time for me to make some new friends.
I think it’s time for me to move into a smaller home.
I think it’s time for me to move on.
I think it’s time for me to move to the suburbs.
I think it’s time for me to mow the lawn.
I think it’s time for me to organize a party.
I think it’s time for me to put new bait on the hook.
I think it’s time for me to reconsider how I’ve been living.
I think it’s time for me to refill this prescription.
I think it’s time for me to retire.
I think it’s time for me to return to Boston.
I think it’s time for me to say goodbye.
I think it’s time for me to say what I really think.
I think it’s time for me to sharpen my pencil.
I think it’s time for me to shove off.
I think it’s time for me to show you how to do that properly.
I think it’s time for me to speak up.
I think it’s time for me to spend a little time with my children.
I think it’s time for me to split some more firewood.
I think it’s time for me to split.
I think it’s time for me to start cooking dinner.
I think it’s time for me to start taking my responsibilities seriously.
I think it’s time for me to step aside.
I think it’s time for me to stop allowing her to always have her own way.
I think it’s time for me to study.
I think it’s time for me to take a break.
I think it’s time for me to talk to the boss about this problem.
I think it’s time for me to throw a little party.
I think it’s time for me to turn off the TV.
I think it’s time for me to turn on the radio.
I think it’s time for me to walk away from this mess.
I think it’s time for me to wash my car.
I think it’s time for me to wash this shirt.
I think it’s time for me to write my mother another letter.
I think it’s time for us to come to an agreement.
I think it’s time to wind up this meeting.
I think it’s true that he wasn’t at the scene.
I think it’s true.
I think it’s unhealthy to eat more than 20 oranges a day.
I think it’s unlikely that I’ll be able to pass my driving test.
I think it’s unlikely that Tom will be arrested.
I think it’s unlikely that Tom will come to the party alone.
I think it’s unlikely that Tom will get back in time for supper.
I think it’s unlikely that Tom will get elected.
I think it’s unlikely that Tom will marry Mary.
I think it’s unlikely that Tom would be interested in buying your old MP3 player.
I think it’s unlikely that Tom would ever move.
I think it’s unlikely that a situation like this one would ever occur again.
I think it’s unlikely that aliens similar to what we see in the movies have ever visited our planet.
I think it’s unlikely that any store would sell this model for that price.
I think it’s unlikely that plants feel pain.
I think it’s unlikely that the next model will be any better than this one.
I think it’s unlikely that the next version of Windows will come out before the end of this month.
I think it’s unlikely that the police will find Tom.
I think it’s very difficult for an Englishman to imitate a real American accent.
I think it’s very like a Picasso.
I think it’s wonderful that you’re going on a picnic.
I think it’s worth a try.
I think it’s worth asking.
I think it’s wrong to tell a lie.
I think it’s you who should apologize to her.
I think jogging is good exercise.
I think kayaking is a lot more fun than canoeing.
I think keeping promises is important.
I think knowing Esperanto is very helpful with learning French.
I think learning Berber is fun. Sign me up, please.
I think learning French is a lot of fun.
I think learning French isn't really fun.
I think learning French would be useful.
I think less of Tom now.
I think life is what you make it.
I think like you.
I think linguists would be ecstatic if you did the work and were able to show, rigorously, that Hungarian and Turkish were related.
I think literary Arabic is a dead language, that no one speaks daily.
I think little of his novel.
I think love does not exist.
I think love doesn't exist.
I think low of Tom.
I think machine translation will get better with time.
I think many of the people here today would rather not be here.
I think many people do that.
I think many people will be interested.
I think many people would be pro-slavery if they lived in older times.
I think married people have more problems than single people.
I think maybe I can help Tom.
I think maybe I can help you.
I think maybe I can help.
I think maybe I have the wrong number.
I think maybe I should go.
I think maybe Tom and Mary are scared.
I think maybe Tom and Mary have something else to do.
I think maybe Tom and Mary need me.
I think maybe Tom and Mary should go.
I think maybe Tom and Mary were right.
I think maybe Tom and Mary were scared.
I think maybe Tom could do that.
I think maybe Tom has something else to do.
I think maybe Tom is scared.
I think maybe Tom needs me.
I think maybe Tom was right.
I think maybe Tom was scared.
I think maybe Tom won't do that.
I think maybe Tom won't win.
I think maybe that was my fault.
I think maybe that's a good thing.
I think maybe that's all you have to do.
I think maybe we need to help Tom.
I think maybe we should go.
I think maybe we should wait for Tom.
I think maybe we've been too aggressive.
I think maybe you don't understand the severity of the situation.
I think maybe you need my help.
I think maybe you're being a little hard on Tom.
I think maybe you're right.
I think maybe you're wrong.
I think maybe you've got the wrong address.
I think maybe you've made a mistake.
I think meat is better than fruit.
I think men can live on the moon.
I think men study harder than women do.
I think metros are fascinating.
I think miracles are unlikely.
I think mom was peeling a bunch of potatoes for everyone.
I think more people should do that.
I think more people should try doing that.
I think most Canadians can speak at least a little French.
I think most of it's true.
I think most of them are benevolent but misguided.
I think most of them have gone home.
I think most of them took part in the plot.
I think most of what I did felt right to me at the time.
I think most people are better off now than they used to be.
I think most people enjoy doing that.
I think most people know peanuts aren't nuts.
I think most people know that peanuts aren't nuts.
I think most people want to do the right thing.
I think most people would agree.
I think most sentences are inherently useful for language learners, although some are harder to monetize than others.
I think most were related to the athletes.
I think my French is pretty good.
I think my French is really bad.
I think my French isn't very good.
I think my French pronunciation is much better than Tom's.
I think my French would be much better today if my teacher had been a native speaker.
I think my German is really bad.
I think my German is really fucked up.
I think my German isn't very good.
I think my German isn’t very good.
I think my Japanese is really bad.
I think my ankle is broken.
I think my back is wrenched.
I think my boyfriend is cheating on me.
I think my boyfriend is spying on my emails.
I think my boyfriend is two-timing me.
I think my car is about as old as yours.
I think my cat is thirsty.
I think my complaint is valid.
I think my computer is not ready yet.
I think my computer was a tad more expensive than yours.
I think my dad would have been pleased.
I think my dad would've been pleased.
I think my daughter's coming down with something.
I think my daughter’s coming down with something.
I think my dog has the soul of a cat.
I think my dog is dreaming about chasing a cat.
I think my dog is pretty.
I think my dog might be sick.
I think my engine is broken.
I think my exam went well.
I think my first name goes well with your last name!
I think my friend knows your friend.
I think my friend might be coming here.
I think my girlfriend is better looking than yours.
I think my girlfriend is cheating on me.
I think my girlfriend is kind of cute.
I think my girlfriend leaves for Scotland tomorrow.
I think my grandfather's hearing is deteriorating. He can no longer tell the difference between the tweeting of birds and the buzzing of bees.
I think my hearing is getting worse.
I think my homework is difficult.
I think my husband is crazy.
I think my husband may be cheating on me.
I think my husband may have been cheating on me.
I think my husband spends too much money.
I think my idea is better.
I think my jeans have shrunk.
I think my job is pointless.
I think my job stinks.
I think my leg is broken.
I think my leg might be broken.
I think my leg's broken.
I think my living with you has influenced your way of living.
I think my mind is playing tricks on me.
I think my mom is making coffee.
I think my mom knows.
I think my mum knows.
I think my neighbor may have died.
I think my neighbour may have died.
I think my neighbours are in on it.
I think my new car is cool.
I think my new neighbor's name is Tom.
I think my new neighbors' names are Tom and Mary.
I think my parents are hiding something from me.
I think my parents aren't quite ready for what they're going to go through next time I see them.
I think my parents know.
I think my phone is being tapped.
I think my phone is bugged.
I think my plan is better than yours.
I think my principles are worth dying for.
I think my right arm is broken.
I think my students are simply the best.
I think my suitcase has been stolen.
I think my suitcase was stolen.
I think my teacher may have a thing for me.
I think my team will win.
I think my tire is flat.
I think my visit made her nervous.
I think my wife may be cheating on me.
I think my wife may have been cheating on me.
I think nanobots are talking to me.
I think neither Tom nor Mary has done that.
I think no one believed Tom.
I think no one knows.
I think nobody has ever done such a thing before.
I think nobody knows.
I think nobody missed me.
I think nobody will come.
I think nobody's home.
I think none of these students will go on to the next grade.
I think not!
I think nothing is more important than friendship.
I think now is the right time.
I think now is the time.
I think now isn't a good time to do that.
I think now it's time for us to leave.
I think now would be a really good time to talk to Tom about that.
I think of God.
I think of Tatoeba as a language school.
I think of Tom as a close friend.
I think of Tom every day.
I think of her as my closest friend.
I think of her day and night.
I think of him as a promising journalist.
I think of him as one of my good friends.
I think of him often.
I think of his name every time I hear this song.
I think of love as a significant asset.
I think of our memories, but I can’t live in the past anymore.
I think of the woman as a journalist.
I think of them as feisty rather than uppity.
I think of them as smelly.
I think of them like my daughters.
I think of them like my sisters.
I think of watching TV as a waste of time.
I think of you 24 hours a day.
I think of you all the time.
I think of you as a friend.
I think of you as my best friend.
I think of you as my sisters.
I think of you like my brothers.
I think of you often.
I think of you, and I smile. Thank you for the memories which fill my heart to the brim with happiness.
I think one drink will do.
I think one of my tires is flat.
I think one of the things you just said in your lead-in is a little bit off.
I think one of these is Tom's.
I think one of these notebooks is yours.
I think one of those men is from Australia.
I think one of us is more than enough.
I think one of us ought to ask Mary what she thinks.
I think one of us ought to ask Tom and Mary what they think.
I think one of us ought to ask Tom what he thinks.
I think one of us ought to attend that meeting.
I think one of us ought to help Tom.
I think one of us ought to stay and help Tom.
I think one of us ought to stay with Tom.
I think one of us ought to talk to Tom about this.
I think one of us should stay and help Tom.
I think online dating isn't safe.
I think only aliens know the truth about my own identity.
I think only time will tell.
I think order and security are more important than anything else.
I think orthography should be etymological. Etymological letters or diacritics help promote textual comprehension with related or lexically similar languages.
I think otherwise now.
I think otherwise.
I think our French teacher is around thirty years old.
I think our P.E. teacher really has it out for me.
I think our best days are ahead of us.
I think our cat is pregnant.
I think our designers lack imagination.
I think our goals are the same.
I think our guys did a great job.
I think our inexperience hurt us.
I think our luck just ran out.
I think our neighbors are Catholic.
I think our problem has been solved.
I think our problem is solved.
I think our problems are over.
I think our problems have been solved.
I think our relationship is over.
I think our son is mature enough to understand it.
I think our team is going to continue to get better.
I think our team will reach the semifinals.
I think our work here is done.
I think ours is much better.
I think over what went wrong.
I think overall we're in good shape.
I think overestimating the people masterminding that conspiracy is exactly what they want.
I think parents should sing with their children more often than most parents do.
I think peace is very much preferable to war, don't you?
I think people are delighted.
I think people are going to be doing this kind of thing for years.
I think people are more dangerous than sharks.
I think people have free will.
I think people like Tom more than Mary.
I think people like Tom more than they like Mary.
I think people listen to me more than they listen to Tom.
I think people often watch late-night shows and forget that what they’re seeing isn’t fact free from significant bias.
I think people prefer Tom to Vladimir.
I think people should be allowed to govern themselves.
I think people should stop using disposable shopping bags.
I think people should stop using plastic bags from supermarkets.
I think people should work together to find reasonable solutions to their problems.
I think people tend to focus on the wrong things.
I think people who are always afraid are useless.
I think people will be surprised.
I think perhaps I can help Tom.
I think perhaps I can help her.
I think perhaps I can help him.
I think perhaps I can help them.
I think perhaps I can help you.
I think perhaps I'll do that.
I think perhaps Tom can help Mary.
I think perhaps you don't understand the severity of the situation.
I think perhaps you should call Tom.
I think perhaps you should call the police.
I think perhaps you're right.
I think phosphoric acid has the same color and consistency as coconut oil.
I think pigs are adorable.
I think playing volleyball is more fun than playing basketball.
I think pomegranates are weird.
I think prostitutes are victims and troubled girls.
I think protogens are cute.
I think putting thieves to death is not lawful; and it is plain and obvious that it is absurd and of ill consequence to the commonwealth that a thief and a murderer should be equally punished.
I think rats are charming.
I think rats are cute.
I think reading novels isn't a waste of time.
I think reptiles are cute.
I think safety should be a top priority.
I think she and I will never understand each other.
I think she can hear us.
I think she can't answer.
I think she checked me out.
I think she comes here from time to time.
I think she could be dependent on alcohol.
I think she deserves a second chance.
I think she did it to make Tom jealous.
I think she didn't get any reply.
I think she feels lonely.
I think she forgot me.
I think she had an idea.
I think she has a beautiful smile.
I think she has a crush on me.
I think she has a drinking problem.
I think she has a face radiating with youth.
I think she has a fair amount of sense.
I think she has an idea.
I think she has two children.
I think she has two sons.
I think she hates me.
I think she is Dutch.
I think she is a good dancer.
I think she is a serious and reliable person.
I think she is an expert on dance.
I think she is born in Britain.
I think she is charming and attractive.
I think she is good at dancing.
I think she is happy.
I think she is just a bit tired.
I think she is kind.
I think she is over forty years old.
I think she is showing off her new dress to us.
I think she is sick.
I think she is sick. She has a temperature.
I think she is the kindest woman on earth.
I think she is used to walking to and from work every day.
I think she is very attractive.
I think she is very brave.
I think she is withholding information from the police.
I think she knows about us.
I think she knows the truth.
I think she likes him.
I think she likes it.
I think she likes me.
I think she likes you.
I think she made that story up.
I think she made up that story.
I think she might have had a couple of friends in high school who were jazz musicians.
I think she prefers her food spicy.
I think she probably just thinks of herself as one of the boys.
I think she really believes it.
I think she really likes Tom.
I think she smokes weed.
I think she wants me to kiss her, but I'm not sure.
I think she wants you to notice her.
I think she was conscious of being stared at by many boys.
I think she was impressed.
I think she was looking at you.
I think she was planning on going to visit her mother in the hospital.
I think she was planning to go visit her mother in the hospital.
I think she was planning to go visit her mother who is in the hospital.
I think she was telling the truth.
I think she was trying to pull a fast one.
I think she was wrong in regard to that.
I think she will come back soon.
I think she will come.
I think she will divorce him.
I think she will do for a teacher.
I think she will get along with her neighbors.
I think she will like this.
I think she will not come.
I think she will succeed as a lawyer.
I think she will succeed.
I think she won't come.
I think she works in this office.
I think she would be happy to receive a new computer.
I think she'll ask him for divorce someday.
I think she'll be able to answer the phone around 4:00.
I think she'll be successful as a lawyer.
I think she'll be successful as a solicitor.
I think she'll come.
I think she'll help me.
I think she'll help us.
I think she'll like this book.
I think she'll succeed.
I think she's 40 years old.
I think she's a little odd.
I think she's a serious and reliable person.
I think she's a witch.
I think she's absolutely gorgeous.
I think she's an honest woman.
I think she's attracted to you.
I think she's been crying.
I think she's done nothing well.
I think she's faking.
I think she's feeling lonely.
I think she's forty.
I think she's from Austria.
I think she's from Italy.
I think she's going to be sick.
I think she's going to get a divorce.
I think she's going to leave.
I think she's gonna win that contest.
I think she's had a few Botox injections.
I think she's happy.
I think she's hiding something from me.
I think she's hiding something.
I think she's hungry.
I think she's ill. She's got a temperature.
I think she's in love with him.
I think she's in love with me.
I think she's in love with me. What should I do?
I think she's innocent.
I think she's interested in me.
I think she's interested in you.
I think she's jealous of you.
I think she's lonely.
I think she's looking at me.
I think she's looking at you.
I think she's lying.
I think she's married.
I think she's missed on the team.
I think she's on her period.
I think she's on our side, but I'm not sure.
I think she's out looking for a job.
I think she's over 40 years old.
I think she's over forty.
I think she's perfect.
I think she's pretty.
I think she's probably waiting at the station now.
I think she's seeing someone else.
I think she's sick.
I think she's telling the truth.
I think she's the best candidate.
I think she's the best crime writer to come along since P.D. James.
I think she's the ideal wife for you.
I think she's thirsty.
I think she's tired.
I think she's too shy to talk to you.
I think she's too young.
I think she’ll be able to answer the phone around 4:00.
I think she’s 40 years old.
I think she’s been crying.
I think she’s got some cousins in Australia.
I think she’s over 40 years old.
I think she’s probably waiting at the station now.
I think shopping wins.
I think short hair suits Anna better than long.
I think skateboards are usually cheaper than rollerblades.
I think skiing is a lot more fun than skating.
I think skunks are actually really cute.
I think snakes are both scary and interesting.
I think snowboarding is more fun than skiing.
I think so as well.
I think so much about you.
I think so too.
I think so!
I think so, too.
I think so.
I think soccer is a great sport.
I think social networking is so girlish.
I think some lessons have definitely been learned.
I think some of the squirrels are drones.
I think some people do that kind of thing.
I think some people possess a machine for inventing sentences in Kabyle. Incredible!
I think somebody is calling you.
I think somebody should've called the police.
I think somebody spiked the punch.
I think somebody stole my suitcase.
I think somebody took my bag.
I think somebody's knocking on the door.
I think someone broke into my account, because I don't remember making this post.
I think someone is calling you.
I think someone is creeping up on me.
I think someone is down in the basement.
I think someone is knocking at the door.
I think someone is knocking on the door.
I think someone is out to get me.
I think someone is sitting there.
I think someone should have helped Tom.
I think someone should've called the police.
I think someone should've helped Tom.
I think someone spiked the punch.
I think someone stole all these things and planted them to make me look guilty.
I think someone stole my password.
I think someone took my bag.
I think someone's at the door.
I think someone's in the basement.
I think someone's knocking at the door.
I think someone's knocking on the door.
I think someone's on the lookout.
I think someone's there.
I think someone, and I know very well who, came in my bedroom.
I think someone, and I know very well who, took my money.
I think something bad is about to happen.
I think something bad is going to happen.
I think something bad is likely to happen.
I think something bad might happen.
I think something bad will happen.
I think something happened to Tom.
I think something happened to her.
I think something happened to him.
I think something happened to them.
I think something has gotten into her.
I think something has happened to Fadil.
I think something horrible is about to happen.
I think something is being plotted behind my back.
I think something is walking there.
I think something is wrong.
I think something like this could only happen in Australia.
I think something like this could only happen in Boston.
I think something may have happened to Tom.
I think something needs to change.
I think something scared Tom.
I think something scared her.
I think something scared him.
I think something scared them.
I think something strange is going on here.
I think something strange is going on.
I think something terrible has happened to Tom.
I think something's burning.
I think something's missing here.
I think something's off in the wording here.
I think something's wrong with Tom.
I think something's wrong with her.
I think something's wrong with him.
I think something's wrong with my brain.
I think something's wrong with my eyes, because I can't take them off you.
I think something's wrong.
I think speaking French is much easier than speaking English.
I think spiders are cute.
I think stuffed chicken is a magnificent dish.
I think style and genre are less important factors in making us like music than the individual artist's skills in arrangement and playing of the instrument.
I think style or genre are less important factors in making us like music than the individual artists skills in arrangement and playing of the instrument.
I think subways are fascinating.
I think such posts are utter nonsense.
I think syrup on spaghetti is disgusting, but you do you.
I think tax cuts can spur growth.
I think telling lies is wrong.
I think that Algeria has a capable navy.
I think that Algeria has an incredible future.
I think that Algeria is a good country.
I think that Algeria's Green Dam project would be relatively cheap.
I think that Algerians are the largest bread consumers in the entire world.
I think that Asia has more food variety.
I think that Asians have more food variety than Europeans.
I think that Australia is nicer than New Zealand.
I think that Australia is one of the best countries in the world.
I think that Australia is worth visiting.
I think that Brazil has the strongest football team in the world and they have a good chance of winning the 2014 World Cup.
I think that Bruno should have all of the treasure.
I think that China will play an active role.
I think that Colorado has a lot of dispensaries.
I think that Delbert is crazy.
I think that English is not really compatible with East Indian languages and cultures.
I think that English people might be more used to language learners than people in other countries.
I think that Esperanto is a difficult language.
I think that Esperanto is very complicated.
I think that Filipinos and Mexicans have a similar personality.
I think that French grammar is difficult.
I think that French is a complicated language.
I think that French is a really difficult language.
I think that French is the most beautiful language in the world.
I think that French is the most beautiful language.
I think that German syntax is difficult.
I think that German wine is among the best in the world.
I think that God believes more in dark culture.
I think that God has a plan for everybody.
I think that God has a plan for everyone.
I think that I agree with all of that.
I think that I already know what you're going to say to me.
I think that I am too old for her.
I think that I asked the right questions.
I think that I ate too much chocolate.
I think that I blacked out.
I think that I came too early.
I think that I can be there by 2:30.
I think that I can do better than that.
I think that I can do better.
I think that I can do it.
I think that I can do something about that.
I think that I can do that again.
I think that I can do that alone.
I think that I can do that better than you can.
I think that I can do that better than you.
I think that I can do that by myself.
I think that I can do that if I try.
I think that I can do that.
I think that I can do this.
I think that I can explain that so you can understand.
I think that I can find Tom.
I think that I can find your house.
I think that I can give you something that'll make you feel better.
I think that I can go to Australia with you next week.
I think that I can go to Boston with you next week.
I think that I can handle this job.
I think that I can handle this.
I think that I can help you with that.
I think that I can probably buy one of those for you.
I think that I can probably do that sometime this week.
I think that I can probably do that.
I think that I can see our house from here.
I think that I can show you how to do that.
I think that I can stay.
I think that I can take care of myself.
I think that I can tell you what's going on.
I think that I can trust you.
I think that I can win.
I think that I can work with you.
I think that I could be persuaded to do that.
I think that I could come to Australia for Christmas.
I think that I could do that better than you.
I think that I could do that.
I think that I could have done that by myself.
I think that I could probably do that.
I think that I could still do that.
I think that I could swim across the river if I tried.
I think that I could've done better.
I think that I could've done that by myself.
I think that I could've done that without any help.
I think that I could've done that.
I think that I could've helped Tom.
I think that I deserve an answer.
I think that I did OK on the test.
I think that I did a pretty good job.
I think that I did fairly well today.
I think that I did something wrong.
I think that I did that pretty well.
I think that I did the right thing.
I think that I didn't do anything wrong.
I think that I do good work.
I think that I don't deserve it.
I think that I don't have to do that.
I think that I don't need to do that.
I think that I drank too much.
I think that I forgot to give a key to Tom.
I think that I forgot to turn off the lights.
I think that I forgot to turn the lights off.
I think that I gave Tom the wrong key.
I think that I gave up too soon.
I think that I got it right.
I think that I got it.
I think that I have a chance to win.
I think that I have a cold.
I think that I have a good chance of being chosen.
I think that I have a good chance of being elected.
I think that I have a good chance of being hired for the job.
I think that I have a good chance of getting elected.
I think that I have a good chance of winning the election.
I think that I have a good chance of winning.
I think that I have a good chance.
I think that I have a gum infection.
I think that I have a right to know what's going on here.
I think that I have a right to know.
I think that I have already told you about it.
I think that I have an upset stomach.
I think that I have enough money to retire.
I think that I have had one too many.
I think that I have lost the keys.
I think that I have something you want.
I think that I have the key to that drawer.
I think that I have the right to know what happened.
I think that I have the right to know who did that.
I think that I have the right to know why it happened.
I think that I have to do that today.
I think that I heard Tom say that he'd do that.
I think that I heard Tom's voice.
I think that I just heard somebody.
I think that I just heard someone.
I think that I just hurt my back.
I think that I know a way out of here.
I think that I know as much as you do.
I think that I know as much as you.
I think that I know everybody here.
I think that I know everyone here.
I think that I know somebody that might help us.
I think that I know someone that might help us.
I think that I know the answers.
I think that I know what happens now.
I think that I know what this means.
I think that I know what you mean.
I think that I know what you're trying to tell Tom.
I think that I know where Tom hid his key.
I think that I know where Tom put his keys.
I think that I know where to find Tom.
I think that I know who it is.
I think that I know you.
I think that I know your brother.
I think that I know your name.
I think that I left something here.
I think that I like Tom better than Mary.
I think that I look old.
I think that I made a lot of mistakes.
I think that I made a wrong turn.
I think that I made the right decision.
I think that I may have mentioned this before.
I think that I may have omitted something.
I think that I may have to go to Australia next week.
I think that I may have to go to Boston next week.
I think that I may not be able to make myself understood in French.
I think that I may want to do that.
I think that I mentioned this before.
I think that I might be able to do that.
I think that I might be able to speak French better than Tom.
I think that I might be in Australia next Monday.
I think that I might buy that house on Park Street that's for sale.
I think that I might need to go home early.
I think that I might've omitted something.
I think that I misspelled your name.
I think that I mistakenly sent that email to Tom.
I think that I need glasses.
I think that I need help.
I think that I need some help.
I think that I need somebody to help me.
I think that I need someone to help me.
I think that I need to ask Tom what he thinks.
I think that I need to do that today.
I think that I need to talk to you.
I think that I now have enough money to buy the car I want.
I think that I now have enough money to buy the car that I want.
I think that I now know where we are.
I think that I owe you an explanation.
I think that I owe you some money.
I think that I paid about $300 for that.
I think that I played better tonight.
I think that I played pretty well.
I think that I recognize this place.
I think that I saw an elf in the forest.
I think that I saw something moving.
I think that I see something.
I think that I should ask Tom what he thinks.
I think that I should be doing it in your stead.
I think that I should buy a good car.
I think that I should buy a new car.
I think that I should call Tom first.
I think that I should do it for you.
I think that I should do that.
I think that I should go home now.
I think that I should go to Australia.
I think that I should leave.
I think that I should let Tom leave.
I think that I should organize a little party.
I think that I should probably change my profile picture.
I think that I should probably do that.
I think that I should probably go home.
I think that I should probably leave.
I think that I should resign.
I think that I should stay in Australia a little bit longer.
I think that I should turn myself in.
I think that I should visit Australia.
I think that I shouldn't have told Tom about that.
I think that I smell smoke.
I think that I snore.
I think that I soon will go to sleep.
I think that I spoke too quickly.
I think that I think, therefore I think that I am.
I think that I understand how you're feeling.
I think that I understand now.
I think that I understand what Tom's trying to say.
I think that I understand what the problem is.
I think that I understand why Tom does that.
I think that I understand.
I think that I want to apply for the job in the advertisement.
I think that I want to be a monk.
I think that I want to become a music teacher.
I think that I want to do that.
I think that I want to meet Tom.
I think that I was a princess in a past life.
I think that I was also dancing in my dream.
I think that I was followed by someone.
I think that I was taken for a ride.
I think that I was the one who suggested that.
I think that I was wrong about that.
I think that I wasn't clear enough.
I think that I went to college with you.
I think that I will always love you.
I think that I will be able to meet you soon.
I think that I will come back to her.
I think that I will go to LA for vacation.
I think that I won't be the only one who'll need help.
I think that I won't do that.
I think that I won't enjoy doing that.
I think that I won't go to Australia next winter.
I think that I won't like doing that.
I think that I wouldn't be able to wear something like that to work.
I think that I wouldn't enjoy doing that with Tom.
I think that I wouldn't enjoy playing tennis with Tom.
I think that I wouldn't enjoy visiting Australia.
I think that I'd be able to do that.
I think that I'd be fired if I did that.
I think that I'd be happy doing that.
I think that I'd better do what Tom told me to do.
I think that I'd better go back home.
I think that I'd better go back now.
I think that I'd better go to Australia with Tom.
I think that I'd better go with Tom.
I think that I'd better go with you.
I think that I'd better stay here with you.
I think that I'd better stick with you.
I think that I'd buy this towel.
I think that I'd fit in.
I think that I'd like that.
I think that I'd like to be alone right now.
I think that I'd like to be your friend.
I think that I'd like to do that.
I think that I'd like to go with you.
I think that I'd like to visit Australia someday.
I think that I'd rather not sing.
I think that I'll always be stronger at French than at English.
I think that I'll always love Mary.
I think that I'll always love you.
I think that I'll ask Tom to help me do that.
I think that I'll be OK in a minute.
I think that I'll be able to convince Tom to do that.
I think that I'll be able to deal with that.
I think that I'll be able to do that faster on my own.
I think that I'll be able to do that today before I go home.
I think that I'll be able to fix it myself.
I think that I'll be able to solve the problem by myself.
I think that I'll be able to solve the problem without any help.
I think that I'll be back in about 30 minutes.
I think that I'll be in Boston by 2:30.
I think that I'll be in Modena at around 9 o'clock.
I think that I'll buy the cheaper one.
I think that I'll buy the cheapest one.
I think that I'll buy this bracelet for Mary.
I think that I'll call Tom first.
I think that I'll come back later.
I think that I'll come back soon.
I think that I'll cry.
I think that I'll do that later with Tom.
I think that I'll do that later.
I think that I'll do that today.
I think that I'll do that tomorrow.
I think that I'll do that.
I think that I'll enjoy doing that.
I think that I'll get back to work.
I think that I'll go and take a bath.
I think that I'll go back to Australia next week.
I think that I'll go back to sleep.
I think that I'll go now.
I think that I'll go over to Tom's this afternoon.
I think that I'll go swimming today.
I think that I'll go talk to Tom.
I think that I'll go to Australia in October.
I think that I'll go to Australia next month.
I think that I'll go to Australia next spring.
I think that I'll go to Australia next summer.
I think that I'll go to Australia next year.
I think that I'll go to Australia the month after next.
I think that I'll go to Australia with Tom.
I think that I'll go to Boston next month.
I think that I'll go to Boston the month after next.
I think that I'll have the salmon.
I think that I'll have to do that for Tom.
I think that I'll help Tom.
I think that I'll leave early today.
I think that I'll lose.
I think that I'll make stew for dinner.
I think that I'll manage.
I think that I'll need more time to convince Tom to do that.
I think that I'll play tennis with Tom.
I think that I'll stay home and watch TV this evening.
I think that I'll stay home this weekend.
I think that I'll stay home today.
I think that I'll stay in Australia for a few more days.
I think that I'll stay in Australia for a few more weeks.
I think that I'll stay in Australia for another week.
I think that I'll stay out of this.
I think that I'll stop now.
I think that I'll take Tom to Australia with me.
I think that I'll take Tom to Boston with me.
I think that I'll talk to Tom.
I think that I'll try doing that later.
I think that I'll wait here.
I think that I'll walk to school today.
I think that I'll win.
I think that I'm a good athlete.
I think that I'm a great athlete.
I think that I'm a likable guy.
I think that I'm a lucky guy.
I think that I'm a pretty good chef.
I think that I'm a pretty good student.
I think that I'm a very lucky person.
I think that I'm all right.
I think that I'm always under pressure.
I think that I'm better at French than you are.
I think that I'm better at French than you.
I think that I'm definitely getting better.
I think that I'm doing something wrong.
I think that I'm fat.
I think that I'm fluent in French.
I think that I'm going deaf.
I think that I'm going to ask Tom to do that.
I think that I'm going to ask Tom to stop doing that.
I think that I'm going to be able to do that.
I think that I'm going to be doing that tomorrow.
I think that I'm going to be fired.
I think that I'm going to be late.
I think that I'm going to do that right now.
I think that I'm going to do that tomorrow.
I think that I'm going to do that.
I think that I'm going to get a chance to do that.
I think that I'm going to get the chance to do that the day after tomorrow.
I think that I'm going to get the chance to do that tomorrow.
I think that I'm going to go to Australia next summer.
I think that I'm going to have the chance to do that the day after tomorrow.
I think that I'm going to have the chance to do that.
I think that I'm going to have to give up.
I think that I'm going to have to tell Tom everything.
I think that I'm going to help Tom.
I think that I'm going to stay here for a while.
I think that I'm going to stop now.
I think that I'm going to try again.
I think that I'm happy with this.
I think that I'm intelligent.
I think that I'm interesting.
I think that I'm just exhausted.
I think that I'm losing my voice.
I think that I'm never going to be given the chance to do that.
I think that I'm never going to get the chance to do that.
I think that I'm not academically oriented.
I think that I'm not bad-looking.
I think that I'm not doing this right.
I think that I'm not good enough for Tom.
I think that I'm not lost.
I think that I'm prepared for that.
I think that I'm prepared to do that.
I think that I'm pretty generous.
I think that I'm pretty reliable.
I think that I'm pretty.
I think that I'm ready for that challenge.
I think that I'm ready now to do that.
I think that I'm ready now.
I think that I'm ready to go.
I think that I'm really not any good at French.
I think that I'm right.
I think that I'm spending too much for insurance.
I think that I'm starting to get it.
I think that I'm still getting better.
I think that I'm the only one here who can do that.
I think that I'm too old to do that.
I think that I'm ugly.
I think that I'm unlucky.
I think that I'm wrong.
I think that I've accomplished a lot of that.
I think that I've accomplished a lot.
I think that I've already spoken to everybody about that.
I think that I've already spoken to everyone about that.
I think that I've already told you about it.
I think that I've already told you this.
I think that I've always loved Mary.
I think that I've been doing a good job.
I think that I've been fired three times.
I think that I've been more than fair.
I think that I've convinced Tom not to do that anymore.
I think that I've convinced Tom.
I think that I've done that already.
I think that I've fallen in love with you.
I think that I've figured out how to do it.
I think that I've figured out how to fix this.
I think that I've found something that you might be interested in seeing.
I think that I've found something you might be interested in seeing.
I think that I've found what we've been looking for.
I think that I've got things under control.
I think that I've got to find some help.
I think that I've had one too many.
I think that I've had too much to drink.
I think that I've lost my keys.
I think that I've lost my umbrella.
I think that I've made my point.
I think that I've made my position clear.
I think that I've managed to clean up the mess you made.
I think that I've met Tom before.
I think that I've met Tom.
I think that I've met my match.
I think that I've met you before.
I think that I've never seen them before.
I think that I've omitted something.
I think that I've paid too much.
I think that I've seen that guy before.
I think that I've seen this before.
I think that I've sprained my ankle.
I think that I've sprained my back.
I think that I've told you this before.
I think that I've waited long enough.
I think that I've wasted my time here.
I think that Irish is not a difficult language.
I think that Islam has an image problem.
I think that Islam is an amazing religion.
I think that Islam is the religion of truth.
I think that Islam is the right choice.
I think that Islam is the true religion.
I think that Islam is the truth.
I think that Japan is a very safe country.
I think that Japan's marriage system is an unequal and discriminatory contract disadvantageous to men.
I think that Japanese is a really difficult language.
I think that Japanese students are very good at gathering knowledge.
I think that Japan’s marriage system is an unequal and discriminatory contract disadvantageous to men.
I think that John likes Mary.
I think that Juan likes MarÃ­a.
I think that Juan likes María.
I think that Layla will burn in a dark corner of hell.
I think that Liszt's "Forgotten Waltz No.3" is a hidden masterpiece.
I think that Mary has some hidden superpowers.
I think that Mary has special powers.
I think that Mary is more beautiful than Alice is.
I think that Mary is more beautiful than Alice.
I think that Mary is much prettier than Alice.
I think that Mary is the most beautiful woman I've ever seen.
I think that Mary is the most beautiful woman that I've ever seen.
I think that Mary is the right woman for me.
I think that Mary is trying to seduce Tom.
I think that Mary is very beautiful.
I think that Mary is way cuter than Alice.
I think that Mary lied to you about what she did.
I think that Mary lied to you about when she did that.
I think that Mary wants me to kiss her, but I'm not sure.
I think that Michael wants to live back in the PRC.
I think that Misty has different feelings towards insects.
I think that Mom might be having an affair.
I think that Mr. Jackson is a good teacher.
I think that Mr. Jackson is a terrible teacher.
I think that North Korea is the only country in the world where not a single native Muslim lives, yet some day, the US will find an Al-Qaida cell or, better than that, a link between the DPRK and Al-Qaida in the name of which US missiles will annihilate this Asian nation.
I think that Norwegian is a very hard language to learn.
I think that Phoenician and Hebrew are two names given to the same language.
I think that Rose is more Oriental than they are.
I think that Sami has a bunch of popcorn in his brain.
I think that Sami has got time to spend in jail.
I think that Sami is a sick individual.
I think that Sami is not only a women chaser, but also a pedophile.
I think that Shakespeare is the best playwright of all time.
I think that Shintaro speaks English well.
I think that Swahili is easy.
I think that Tagalog sounds more masculine than English.
I think that Tatoeba is like a computer game.
I think that Tatoeba is quite slow today.
I think that Tebboune has the power to change Algeria for the better.
I think that Tim is a suitable candidate for this job.
I think that Toki Pona is good.
I think that Tom Jackson and Jack Thompson are the same person.
I think that Tom agreed to do that.
I think that Tom agrees with Mary.
I think that Tom agrees with me on this.
I think that Tom already knew Mary.
I think that Tom already knows how to do that.
I think that Tom already knows that.
I think that Tom already knows why Mary did that.
I think that Tom already knows why Mary didn't do that.
I think that Tom already knows why Mary didn't need to do that.
I think that Tom already knows why Mary didn't want to do that.
I think that Tom already knows why Mary doesn't have to do that.
I think that Tom already knows why Mary doesn't need to do that.
I think that Tom already knows why Mary doesn't want to do that.
I think that Tom already knows why Mary had to do that.
I think that Tom already knows why Mary needed to do that.
I think that Tom already knows why Mary wanted to do that.
I think that Tom already knows.
I think that Tom always wears a helmet when he rides his motorcycle.
I think that Tom and I agree.
I think that Tom and I are already too late.
I think that Tom and I are even now.
I think that Tom and I are finished here.
I think that Tom and I are going to have a very nice time.
I think that Tom and I are happier than most people.
I think that Tom and I are in agreement.
I think that Tom and I are just about there.
I think that Tom and I are lost.
I think that Tom and I are missing something.
I think that Tom and I are on the same page.
I think that Tom and I are past that.
I think that Tom and I are really excited about this.
I think that Tom and I are safe for a while.
I think that Tom and I can do that by ourselves.
I think that Tom and I can take care of ourselves.
I think that Tom and I could do that by ourselves if we tried.
I think that Tom and I could take care of ourselves if we tried.
I think that Tom and I could've done that by ourselves.
I think that Tom and I could've done that faster by ourselves.
I think that Tom and I could've gotten home by ourselves.
I think that Tom and I could've solved that problem by ourselves.
I think that Tom and I couldn't have done that by ourselves.
I think that Tom and I might do that by ourselves.
I think that Tom and I might have accidentally poisoned ourselves.
I think that Tom and I might have poisoned ourselves.
I think that Tom and I might've poisoned ourselves.
I think that Tom and I overdid it a little last night.
I think that Tom and I should be able to do that by ourselves.
I think that Tom and I should do that by ourselves.
I think that Tom and I should do that ourselves.
I think that Tom and I were supposed to do that by ourselves.
I think that Tom and I will be able to do that by ourselves.
I think that Tom and I would be lonely if we went camping by ourselves.
I think that Tom and I'd be lonely if we went camping by ourselves.
I think that Tom and I'll be able to do that by ourselves.
I think that Tom and I'll be doing that by ourselves.
I think that Tom and John are brothers.
I think that Tom and John are identical twins.
I think that Tom and John aren't brothers.
I think that Tom and John look better without beards.
I think that Tom and Maria are from Australia.
I think that Tom and Mary are Canadians.
I think that Tom and Mary are both ambidextrous.
I think that Tom and Mary are both awake.
I think that Tom and Mary are both bipolar.
I think that Tom and Mary are both blind.
I think that Tom and Mary are both bored.
I think that Tom and Mary are both busy.
I think that Tom and Mary are both confused.
I think that Tom and Mary are both crazy.
I think that Tom and Mary are both difficult to get along with.
I think that Tom and Mary are both drunk.
I think that Tom and Mary are both finicky.
I think that Tom and Mary are both funny.
I think that Tom and Mary are both going to be busy tomorrow.
I think that Tom and Mary are both going to be doing that.
I think that Tom and Mary are both going to do that.
I think that Tom and Mary are both going to get fired.
I think that Tom and Mary are both here.
I think that Tom and Mary are both lying.
I think that Tom and Mary are both over thirty.
I think that Tom and Mary are both ready.
I think that Tom and Mary are both retired.
I think that Tom and Mary are both right.
I think that Tom and Mary are both safe.
I think that Tom and Mary are both shy.
I think that Tom and Mary are both sick.
I think that Tom and Mary are both single.
I think that Tom and Mary are both sleepy.
I think that Tom and Mary are both smart.
I think that Tom and Mary are both sorry.
I think that Tom and Mary are both still homesick.
I think that Tom and Mary are both still in prison.
I think that Tom and Mary are both still single.
I think that Tom and Mary are both thirty years old.
I think that Tom and Mary are both ticklish.
I think that Tom and Mary are both tired.
I think that Tom and Mary are both trying to lose weight.
I think that Tom and Mary are cousins.
I think that Tom and Mary are crazy.
I think that Tom and Mary are crying.
I think that Tom and Mary are dangerous.
I think that Tom and Mary are dating.
I think that Tom and Mary are divorced.
I think that Tom and Mary are doing that.
I think that Tom and Mary are engaged.
I think that Tom and Mary are going to be able to do that.
I think that Tom and Mary are going to be so happy together.
I think that Tom and Mary are going to get married.
I think that Tom and Mary are hiding something.
I think that Tom and Mary are honest.
I think that Tom and Mary are hypocrites.
I think that Tom and Mary are idiots.
I think that Tom and Mary are in love with each other.
I think that Tom and Mary are in love.
I think that Tom and Mary are in trouble.
I think that Tom and Mary are kind.
I think that Tom and Mary are married to each other.
I think that Tom and Mary are married.
I think that Tom and Mary are related.
I think that Tom and Mary are right.
I think that Tom and Mary are secretly married.
I think that Tom and Mary are sick.
I think that Tom and Mary are still in jail.
I think that Tom and Mary are still married.
I think that Tom and Mary are the ones who did that.
I think that Tom and Mary are the ones who stole my wallet.
I think that Tom and Mary are too young to get married.
I think that Tom and Mary aren't biased.
I think that Tom and Mary aren't the ones who did that.
I think that Tom and Mary both are stuck-up.
I think that Tom and Mary both have a drinking problem.
I think that Tom and Mary both have lied to us.
I think that Tom and Mary both have the ability to do that.
I think that Tom and Mary both have to be told not to do that.
I think that Tom and Mary both have to do that.
I think that Tom and Mary both have valid points.
I think that Tom and Mary both said they've already read this book.
I think that Tom and Mary both want something to eat.
I think that Tom and Mary both want to come with us.
I think that Tom and Mary both want to do that tomorrow.
I think that Tom and Mary both want to do that.
I think that Tom and Mary both want to go to Australia.
I think that Tom and Mary both want to go to Boston.
I think that Tom and Mary both want you to do that.
I think that Tom and Mary could become elementary school teachers if they wanted to.
I think that Tom and Mary could become primary school teachers if they wanted.
I think that Tom and Mary could become schoolteachers if they wanted.
I think that Tom and Mary don't have children yet.
I think that Tom and Mary don't have to do that.
I think that Tom and Mary don't know each other.
I think that Tom and Mary had a fight.
I think that Tom and Mary have been married for three years.
I think that Tom and Mary have both already agreed to do that.
I think that Tom and Mary have both been crying.
I think that Tom and Mary have both been suspended.
I think that Tom and Mary have both done that.
I think that Tom and Mary have both given up hope.
I think that Tom and Mary have both never been to Australia.
I think that Tom and Mary have both never been to Boston.
I think that Tom and Mary have both never done that.
I think that Tom and Mary have both passed away.
I think that Tom and Mary have fallen in love with each other.
I think that Tom and Mary have fallen in love.
I think that Tom and Mary have finished.
I think that Tom and Mary have made a good decision.
I think that Tom and Mary have never done that.
I think that Tom and Mary haven't done that yet.
I think that Tom and Mary haven't left yet.
I think that Tom and Mary haven't yet done that.
I think that Tom and Mary know each other.
I think that Tom and Mary lied to you about what they did.
I think that Tom and Mary lied to you about when they did that.
I think that Tom and Mary like each other.
I think that Tom and Mary like playing tennis together.
I think that Tom and Mary like to play tennis together.
I think that Tom and Mary live somewhere around here.
I think that Tom and Mary may be able to do that if you help them.
I think that Tom and Mary might actually get married.
I think that Tom and Mary should get married.
I think that Tom and Mary speak French well.
I think that Tom and Mary used to work together.
I think that Tom and Mary want to do that.
I think that Tom and Mary were both born in Australia.
I think that Tom and Mary were both born in Boston.
I think that Tom and Mary were here.
I think that Tom and Mary were offended.
I think that Tom and Mary were talking about John.
I think that Tom and Mary were talking in French.
I think that Tom and Mary will agree.
I think that Tom and Mary will be able to buy ice skates their sizes at the sports store near the art museum.
I think that Tom and Mary will do that today.
I think that Tom and Mary won't be here today.
I think that Tom and Mary would make a nice couple.
I think that Tom and Mary would've helped us if they'd been there.
I think that Tom and only Tom agrees with you.
I think that Tom and only Tom can do it. However, some people think that Mary could do it, too.
I think that Tom and only Tom can do that.
I think that Tom and only Tom has to do that.
I think that Tom and only Tom needs to do that.
I think that Tom and only Tom should do that.
I think that Tom and only Tom wants to do that.
I think that Tom anticipated that, too.
I think that Tom ate all the bananas.
I think that Tom ate my piece of cake.
I think that Tom believed me.
I think that Tom believes everything Mary says.
I think that Tom blames himself.
I think that Tom bought the house he was looking at last week.
I think that Tom bought the house that he was looking at last week.
I think that Tom broke the dish on purpose.
I think that Tom came here to see Mary.
I think that Tom came here to tell us something important.
I think that Tom came to Australia when he was young.
I think that Tom came to Boston when he was young.
I think that Tom can be beaten.
I think that Tom can be trusted.
I think that Tom can do a fine job.
I think that Tom can do it if he tries.
I think that Tom can do that better than Mary can.
I think that Tom can do that better than Mary.
I think that Tom can do that by himself.
I think that Tom can do that if he tries.
I think that Tom can do that on his own.
I think that Tom can do that today.
I think that Tom can do that without my help.
I think that Tom can do that.
I think that Tom can handle it.
I think that Tom can help Mary do that tomorrow.
I think that Tom can help Mary do that.
I think that Tom can help Mary tomorrow.
I think that Tom can help Mary.
I think that Tom can help me with my problem.
I think that Tom can help us do that next week.
I think that Tom can help us do that.
I think that Tom can help us next week.
I think that Tom can help us.
I think that Tom can help you now.
I think that Tom can help you with that.
I think that Tom can help you.
I think that Tom can help.
I think that Tom can probably do that faster that than Mary can.
I think that Tom can probably do that faster that than Mary.
I think that Tom can probably swim faster than Mary can.
I think that Tom can probably swim faster than Mary.
I think that Tom can prove it.
I think that Tom can sing country music better than anyone else I know.
I think that Tom can speak French, but I'm not sure.
I think that Tom can speak French.
I think that Tom can speak French. However, I could be wrong.
I think that Tom can speak French. I could be wrong, though.
I think that Tom can swim better than Mary can.
I think that Tom can swim better than Mary.
I think that Tom can swim fairly well.
I think that Tom can swim.
I think that Tom can take care of himself.
I think that Tom can understand French fairly well.
I think that Tom can understand French.
I think that Tom can win.
I think that Tom can't actually do that even though he says he can.
I think that Tom can't actually do that.
I think that Tom can't do that.
I think that Tom can't leave until Mary gives him some money.
I think that Tom can't speak French.
I think that Tom can't understand French.
I think that Tom can't win.
I think that Tom cheated on his French test.
I think that Tom cheated.
I think that Tom complains too much.
I think that Tom could accomplish just about anything he decides to do.
I think that Tom could actually do that.
I think that Tom could actually win.
I think that Tom could be a teacher if he wanted to be.
I think that Tom could be a very rich man soon.
I think that Tom could be back tomorrow.
I think that Tom could be doing that right now.
I think that Tom could be eating right now.
I think that Tom could be finished doing that by 2:30.
I think that Tom could be happy here if he tried to be.
I think that Tom could be happy here.
I think that Tom could be impartial.
I think that Tom could be in Australia now.
I think that Tom could be in Boston now.
I think that Tom could be just the person we need.
I think that Tom could be persuaded to help.
I think that Tom could be ready by the time you get here.
I think that Tom could be right.
I think that Tom could be sick.
I think that Tom could be swimming right now.
I think that Tom could be tempted to do that.
I think that Tom could be the boss if he wanted to be.
I think that Tom could convince Mary not to do that.
I think that Tom could convince Mary to do that.
I think that Tom could do a better job.
I think that Tom could do a lot of things for us.
I think that Tom could do better if he tried harder.
I think that Tom could do better.
I think that Tom could do that by himself if he tried.
I think that Tom could do that for Mary if he wanted to.
I think that Tom could do that for Mary.
I think that Tom could do that if he needed to.
I think that Tom could do that if he put his mind to it.
I think that Tom could do that if he really needed to.
I think that Tom could do that if he really wanted to.
I think that Tom could do that if he tried.
I think that Tom could do that if he wanted to.
I think that Tom could do that now.
I think that Tom could do that today if he wanted to.
I think that Tom could do that today.
I think that Tom could do that.
I think that Tom could easily have done that.
I think that Tom could end up being arrested.
I think that Tom could end up being fired.
I think that Tom could fix this.
I think that Tom could force you to do that.
I think that Tom could get Mary to do that.
I think that Tom could get Mary to eat that.
I think that Tom could get Mary to help you.
I think that Tom could get Mary to show us how to do that.
I think that Tom could get hurt if he tries to do that.
I think that Tom could get injured if he tried to do that.
I think that Tom could get injured if he tries to do that.
I think that Tom could go to Australia with you.
I think that Tom could go to Boston with you.
I think that Tom could help Mary if he wanted to.
I think that Tom could help me.
I think that Tom could help you.
I think that Tom could help.
I think that Tom could learn a lot from you.
I think that Tom could leave today if he wanted to.
I think that Tom could make Mary do that.
I think that Tom could make a difference.
I think that Tom could manage to do that alone.
I think that Tom could manage to do that by himself.
I think that Tom could manage to do that on his own.
I think that Tom could manage to do that.
I think that Tom could pass for a teenager.
I think that Tom could probably do that.
I think that Tom could probably talk Mary into doing that.
I think that Tom could probably talk Mary out of doing that.
I think that Tom could save himself a lot of time by just doing that himself.
I think that Tom could sing at your wedding.
I think that Tom could still do that better.
I think that Tom could stop Mary from doing that.
I think that Tom could talk Mary into doing that.
I think that Tom could talk Mary out of doing that.
I think that Tom could teach Mary how to do that.
I think that Tom could teach Mary how to drive.
I think that Tom could teach you French.
I think that Tom could teach you how to do that.
I think that Tom could teach you how to drive.
I think that Tom could tell you who did that.
I think that Tom could win if he tried his hardest.
I think that Tom could've been a teacher.
I think that Tom could've been offended by that.
I think that Tom could've been reluctant to do that.
I think that Tom could've been tempted to do that.
I think that Tom could've done that better.
I think that Tom could've done that by himself.
I think that Tom could've done that faster by himself.
I think that Tom could've done that for Mary if he'd needed to.
I think that Tom could've done that for Mary if he'd wanted to.
I think that Tom could've done that on his own.
I think that Tom could've done that without Mary's help.
I think that Tom could've done that without my help.
I think that Tom could've done that without your help.
I think that Tom could've done that.
I think that Tom could've gotten home by himself.
I think that Tom could've refused to do that.
I think that Tom could've solved that problem by himself.
I think that Tom could've stopped Mary from doing that.
I think that Tom couldn't have done that without Mary.
I think that Tom couldn't hear what you were saying.
I think that Tom couldn't stop himself from doing that.
I think that Tom cried.
I think that Tom deserves a better position.
I think that Tom deserves a higher salary.
I think that Tom deserves a second chance.
I think that Tom deserves that.
I think that Tom did a fine job.
I think that Tom did a good job.
I think that Tom did a great job.
I think that Tom did a really nice job.
I think that Tom did exactly what he said he did.
I think that Tom did intentionally.
I think that Tom did it.
I think that Tom did really well.
I think that Tom did something he shouldn't have.
I think that Tom did something wrong.
I think that Tom did that better this time.
I think that Tom did that by himself last Monday.
I think that Tom did that by himself.
I think that Tom did that by mistake.
I think that Tom did that in October.
I think that Tom did that incorrectly.
I think that Tom did that intentionally.
I think that Tom did that last week.
I think that Tom did that on Monday.
I think that Tom did that on October 20th.
I think that Tom did that on purpose.
I think that Tom did that once.
I think that Tom did that pretty well.
I think that Tom did that really well.
I think that Tom did that right.
I think that Tom did that subconsciously.
I think that Tom did that to make Mary jealous.
I think that Tom did that with Mary.
I think that Tom did that wrong.
I think that Tom did that yesterday, but I'm not sure.
I think that Tom did that yesterday.
I think that Tom did that, but I could be wrong.
I think that Tom did that, but I may be wrong.
I think that Tom did that, even though he said he didn't.
I think that Tom did that.
I think that Tom did the best he could.
I think that Tom did the right thing.
I think that Tom did this on purpose.
I think that Tom did this.
I think that Tom did well.
I think that Tom did what he said he did.
I think that Tom didn't agree to do that.
I think that Tom didn't believe me.
I think that Tom didn't care.
I think that Tom didn't do it.
I think that Tom didn't do that by himself.
I think that Tom didn't do that by mistake.
I think that Tom didn't do that last week.
I think that Tom didn't do that on Monday.
I think that Tom didn't do that on October 20th.
I think that Tom didn't do that on purpose.
I think that Tom didn't do that right.
I think that Tom didn't do that with Mary.
I think that Tom didn't do that yesterday, but I'm not sure.
I think that Tom didn't do that yesterday.
I think that Tom didn't do that, but I could be wrong.
I think that Tom didn't do that.
I think that Tom didn't do what he said he did.
I think that Tom didn't do what he said he would do.
I think that Tom didn't enjoy doing that.
I think that Tom didn't even notice that.
I think that Tom didn't everything he should've done.
I think that Tom didn't expect that to happen.
I think that Tom didn't expect to be here for so long.
I think that Tom didn't go jogging yesterday, but I'm not sure.
I think that Tom didn't go to Australia.
I think that Tom didn't go to Boston.
I think that Tom didn't go to the party with Mary.
I think that Tom didn't have to do that alone.
I think that Tom didn't have to do that.
I think that Tom didn't have to leave so early.
I think that Tom didn't intend to do that.
I think that Tom didn't know Mary spoke French.
I think that Tom didn't know how to do that.
I think that Tom didn't know that Mary spoke French.
I think that Tom didn't know what to do.
I think that Tom didn't like the concert.
I think that Tom didn't like the food.
I think that Tom didn't like the stew.
I think that Tom didn't mean to do that.
I think that Tom didn't need to do that alone.
I think that Tom didn't need to do that by himself.
I think that Tom didn't need to do that.
I think that Tom didn't need to leave so early.
I think that Tom didn't really enjoy doing that.
I think that Tom didn't recognize me.
I think that Tom didn't see me yesterday.
I think that Tom didn't tell Mary the truth.
I think that Tom didn't tell us everything.
I think that Tom didn't tell us the truth.
I think that Tom didn't trust me.
I think that Tom didn't understand the joke.
I think that Tom didn't understand the question.
I think that Tom didn't understand what he was supposed to do.
I think that Tom didn't understand what you meant.
I think that Tom didn't understand what you were saying.
I think that Tom didn't understand you.
I think that Tom didn't understand your explanation.
I think that Tom didn't understand.
I think that Tom didn't want Mary to go out with John.
I think that Tom didn't want me to do that.
I think that Tom didn't want our help.
I think that Tom didn't want to be here today.
I think that Tom didn't want to be on his own.
I think that Tom didn't want to do that alone.
I think that Tom didn't want to do that by himself.
I think that Tom didn't want to do that.
I think that Tom didn't want to hang out with you guys two nights in a row.
I think that Tom didn't want to leave so early.
I think that Tom didn't win.
I think that Tom died on Monday.
I think that Tom died on October 20th.
I think that Tom died on October twentieth.
I think that Tom died.
I think that Tom does a fantastic job.
I think that Tom does that all the time.
I think that Tom does that at least once a day.
I think that Tom does that better than Mary does.
I think that Tom does that better than Mary.
I think that Tom does that well.
I think that Tom does that.
I think that Tom doesn't agree with you.
I think that Tom doesn't always do that.
I think that Tom doesn't come here very often.
I think that Tom doesn't do drugs.
I think that Tom doesn't do that.
I think that Tom doesn't eat meat.
I think that Tom doesn't enjoy doing that.
I think that Tom doesn't have a clear conscience.
I think that Tom doesn't have a dog.
I think that Tom doesn't have a very good job.
I think that Tom doesn't have any brothers.
I think that Tom doesn't have the ability to solve the problem.
I think that Tom doesn't have the courage to oppose Mary.
I think that Tom doesn't have the strength to do that anymore.
I think that Tom doesn't have to do that anymore.
I think that Tom doesn't have to do that.
I think that Tom doesn't know Mary can speak French.
I think that Tom doesn't know he's supposed to give a speech today.
I think that Tom doesn't know how he's going to do that yet.
I think that Tom doesn't know how to do that.
I think that Tom doesn't know how to get to Mary's place.
I think that Tom doesn't know how to play this game.
I think that Tom doesn't know how to speak French.
I think that Tom doesn't know how to swim.
I think that Tom doesn't know that Mary can speak French.
I think that Tom doesn't know what to do.
I think that Tom doesn't know where Mary lives.
I think that Tom doesn't like Mary at all.
I think that Tom doesn't like it here.
I think that Tom doesn't like me all that much.
I think that Tom doesn't like me very much.
I think that Tom doesn't like the kind of music I play.
I think that Tom doesn't like the kind of music that I play.
I think that Tom doesn't like the way I make spaghetti.
I think that Tom doesn't like the way that I make spaghetti.
I think that Tom doesn't like to ski.
I think that Tom doesn't live anywhere near here.
I think that Tom doesn't live very near the school he goes to.
I think that Tom doesn't love his wife anymore.
I think that Tom doesn't love me anymore.
I think that Tom doesn't need me to do that.
I think that Tom doesn't need to do that anymore.
I think that Tom doesn't really care.
I think that Tom doesn't really enjoy doing that.
I think that Tom doesn't really have the courage to do that.
I think that Tom doesn't really have to do that anymore.
I think that Tom doesn't really like Mary very much.
I think that Tom doesn't really need to do that anymore.
I think that Tom doesn't really want to do that anymore.
I think that Tom doesn't remember me.
I think that Tom doesn't speak French very often.
I think that Tom doesn't speak French very well, but I could be wrong.
I think that Tom doesn't speak French very well.
I think that Tom doesn't swim very often, but I could be wrong.
I think that Tom doesn't swim very often.
I think that Tom doesn't trust you.
I think that Tom doesn't understand French.
I think that Tom doesn't want me to do that.
I think that Tom doesn't want our help.
I think that Tom doesn't want to do that anymore.
I think that Tom doesn't want to do that right now.
I think that Tom doesn't want to do that today.
I think that Tom doesn't want to do that.
I think that Tom doesn't want to go to the dance with Mary.
I think that Tom doesn't want to tell us the truth.
I think that Tom doesn't win very often when he plays chess.
I think that Tom doesn’t do drugs.
I think that Tom drank out of my glass by mistake.
I think that Tom dyes his hair.
I think that Tom eats too much meat.
I think that Tom enjoyed doing that.
I think that Tom enjoyed singing with us.
I think that Tom even likes Mary.
I think that Tom expected Mary to ask him to do that.
I think that Tom expected Mary to ask him to stay.
I think that Tom expected Mary to get here earlier.
I think that Tom expected Mary to hug him.
I think that Tom expected Mary to kiss him.
I think that Tom expected me to do that.
I think that Tom expected this all along.
I think that Tom expects too much from us.
I think that Tom feels differently.
I think that Tom feels the same way.
I think that Tom felt a bit threatened.
I think that Tom felt exactly the same way.
I think that Tom forgot his camera.
I think that Tom forgot to do that.
I think that Tom forgot to tell Mary what to do.
I think that Tom found a new job.
I think that Tom gave up too easily.
I think that Tom gets the idea.
I think that Tom goes to Australia at least once a year.
I think that Tom goes to Boston at least once a year.
I think that Tom got a good grade.
I think that Tom got a little tired.
I think that Tom got a raw deal.
I think that Tom got back to Australia in October.
I think that Tom got back to Boston in October.
I think that Tom got banned.
I think that Tom got home by himself last Monday.
I think that Tom got home by himself.
I think that Tom got scared.
I think that Tom had a good reason.
I think that Tom had a good time.
I think that Tom had a great time.
I think that Tom had a lot to do with that.
I think that Tom had a real good year.
I think that Tom had better come back.
I think that Tom had something to do with this.
I think that Tom had to do that.
I think that Tom had to go to Australia.
I think that Tom had to go to Boston.
I think that Tom hangs out with Mary too much.
I think that Tom has a big advantage.
I think that Tom has a bit of a creepy obsession with foreigners.
I think that Tom has a cousin in Australia.
I think that Tom has a cousin in Boston.
I think that Tom has a crush on Mary.
I think that Tom has a drinking problem.
I think that Tom has a girlfriend already.
I think that Tom has a headache.
I think that Tom has a little crush on you.
I think that Tom has a long way to go.
I think that Tom has a lot of faith in Mary.
I think that Tom has a plan.
I think that Tom has a secret admirer.
I think that Tom has a thing for you.
I think that Tom has a valid point.
I think that Tom has agreed to do that.
I think that Tom has already agreed to do that.
I think that Tom has already done enough.
I think that Tom has already done that.
I think that Tom has already done what he needed to do.
I think that Tom has already seen it.
I think that Tom has already told us everything we need to know.
I think that Tom has already tried doing that.
I think that Tom has already tried to do that.
I think that Tom has been barking up the wrong tree.
I think that Tom has been crying.
I think that Tom has been disloyal.
I think that Tom has been doing a pretty good job.
I think that Tom has been doing that.
I think that Tom has been expecting this to happen.
I think that Tom has been here already.
I think that Tom has been here.
I think that Tom has been punished enough.
I think that Tom has been seeing somebody else.
I think that Tom has been seeing someone else.
I think that Tom has been stealing from us.
I think that Tom has been suspended.
I think that Tom has been to Australia at least once.
I think that Tom has been to Australia at least one time.
I think that Tom has been to Boston at least once.
I think that Tom has been to Boston at least one time.
I think that Tom has been trying to impress me.
I think that Tom has been up to something.
I think that Tom has been very lucky.
I think that Tom has been wrongfully accused.
I think that Tom has calmed down.
I think that Tom has come to make trouble.
I think that Tom has considered doing that.
I think that Tom has decided to study French instead.
I think that Tom has died.
I think that Tom has done a good job.
I think that Tom has done a great job.
I think that Tom has done a nice job.
I think that Tom has done that already.
I think that Tom has done that at least once.
I think that Tom has done that at least one time.
I think that Tom has done that before.
I think that Tom has done that once or twice.
I think that Tom has done that once.
I think that Tom has done that.
I think that Tom has done this before.
I think that Tom has fallen asleep.
I think that Tom has fallen in love.
I think that Tom has finally fallen asleep.
I think that Tom has forgotten how to do that.
I think that Tom has given up hope.
I think that Tom has gone away.
I think that Tom has gone out for a walk.
I think that Tom has gone to Australia.
I think that Tom has gone to Boston.
I think that Tom has gone.
I think that Tom has high blood pressure.
I think that Tom has learned his lesson.
I think that Tom has left.
I think that Tom has lied to us.
I think that Tom has lost his confidence.
I think that Tom has made a good decision.
I think that Tom has made a mistake.
I think that Tom has never been to Australia.
I think that Tom has never been to Boston.
I think that Tom has never done that before.
I think that Tom has never done that by himself before.
I think that Tom has never done that by himself.
I think that Tom has never done that.
I think that Tom has never done this before.
I think that Tom has never fallen in love.
I think that Tom has never seen this before.
I think that Tom has no chance of winning.
I think that Tom has no ulterior motives.
I think that Tom has passed away.
I think that Tom has relatives in Australia.
I think that Tom has relatives in Boston.
I think that Tom has seen too much.
I think that Tom has serious problems at home.
I think that Tom has some friends in Australia.
I think that Tom has some friends in Boston.
I think that Tom has some relatives in Australia.
I think that Tom has some relatives in Boston.
I think that Tom has spent time in jail.
I think that Tom has spent time in prison.
I think that Tom has started already.
I think that Tom has stopped breathing.
I think that Tom has suffered enough.
I think that Tom has the ability to do that.
I think that Tom has the ability to solve his problems on his own.
I think that Tom has the hots for you.
I think that Tom has the measles.
I think that Tom has the mumps.
I think that Tom has the right to get to know his birth parents.
I think that Tom has the right to meet his birth parents.
I think that Tom has three options.
I think that Tom has to be shown how to do that.
I think that Tom has to be told not to do that.
I think that Tom has to do that again.
I think that Tom has to do that.
I think that Tom has to go to Australia.
I think that Tom has to go to Boston.
I think that Tom has to move on.
I think that Tom has ulterior motives.
I think that Tom has your umbrella.
I think that Tom hasn't agreed to do that.
I think that Tom hasn't decided yet.
I think that Tom hasn't done enough yet.
I think that Tom hasn't done that since October.
I think that Tom hasn't done that yet.
I think that Tom hasn't done that.
I think that Tom hasn't gotten around to doing that yet.
I think that Tom hasn't heard the news yet.
I think that Tom hasn't left yet.
I think that Tom hasn't made a decision yet.
I think that Tom hasn't yet done enough.
I think that Tom hasn’t left yet.
I think that Tom hates Mary.
I think that Tom hates it when Mary makes him wait.
I think that Tom hates me.
I think that Tom hates my dog.
I think that Tom hates the way I sing.
I think that Tom hates us.
I think that Tom hates waiting for me.
I think that Tom hurt his leg.
I think that Tom impressed them.
I think that Tom informs on me.
I think that Tom injured himself.
I think that Tom intentionally did that.
I think that Tom is Mary's boyfriend.
I think that Tom is Mary's older brother.
I think that Tom is Mary's son.
I think that Tom is OK.
I think that Tom is a CPA.
I think that Tom is a Canadian.
I think that Tom is a Christian.
I think that Tom is a better teacher than me.
I think that Tom is a bit depressed.
I think that Tom is a bit eccentric.
I think that Tom is a bit too impatient.
I think that Tom is a cat's name.
I think that Tom is a couple of inches taller than Mary.
I think that Tom is a couple of years older than me.
I think that Tom is a coward.
I think that Tom is a creative guy.
I think that Tom is a creative person.
I think that Tom is a creep.
I think that Tom is a dangerous psychopath.
I think that Tom is a dental student.
I think that Tom is a dentist.
I think that Tom is a fairly decent golfer.
I think that Tom is a few inches shorter than Mary is.
I think that Tom is a few inches shorter than Mary.
I think that Tom is a few months older than Mary is.
I think that Tom is a few months older than Mary.
I think that Tom is a freelance computer programmer.
I think that Tom is a friend of a friend of Mary's.
I think that Tom is a genius.
I think that Tom is a ghost.
I think that Tom is a gifted actor.
I think that Tom is a good boy.
I think that Tom is a good coach.
I think that Tom is a good cook.
I think that Tom is a good dancer.
I think that Tom is a good driver.
I think that Tom is a good lawyer.
I think that Tom is a good leader.
I think that Tom is a good listener.
I think that Tom is a good neighbor.
I think that Tom is a good painter.
I think that Tom is a good person.
I think that Tom is a good swimmer.
I think that Tom is a good teacher.
I think that Tom is a great guy.
I think that Tom is a hero for what he did.
I think that Tom is a hero.
I think that Tom is a high school senior.
I think that Tom is a janitor at the school where Mary teaches.
I think that Tom is a liar.
I think that Tom is a likable guy.
I think that Tom is a likeable guy.
I think that Tom is a little nervous about this.
I think that Tom is a little shy.
I think that Tom is a little too optimistic.
I think that Tom is a lot better chess player than Mary.
I think that Tom is a lot better player than you.
I think that Tom is a lot better singer than Mary.
I think that Tom is a lot better singer than you.
I think that Tom is a lot better swimmer than you.
I think that Tom is a lot busier this week than he was last week.
I think that Tom is a mechanic.
I think that Tom is a much better driver than you are.
I think that Tom is a much better driver than you.
I think that Tom is a nice guy.
I think that Tom is a nice name.
I think that Tom is a part of the conspiracy.
I think that Tom is a pretty good artist.
I think that Tom is a pretty good backup singer.
I think that Tom is a pretty good painter.
I think that Tom is a pretty remarkable person.
I think that Tom is a really good coach.
I think that Tom is a really good cook.
I think that Tom is a really nice kid.
I think that Tom is a retired truck driver.
I think that Tom is a strange guy.
I think that Tom is a student at Harvard.
I think that Tom is a student at the university where I used to teach.
I think that Tom is a student.
I think that Tom is a terrible father.
I think that Tom is a terrific kid.
I think that Tom is a third-year law student.
I think that Tom is a very good player.
I think that Tom is a very intelligent guy.
I think that Tom is a very kind man.
I think that Tom is a very kind person.
I think that Tom is a very strange guy.
I think that Tom is a very talented musician.
I think that Tom is a winner.
I think that Tom is a workaholic.
I think that Tom is able to do that.
I think that Tom is able to play the harmonica as well as Mary does.
I think that Tom is able to play the harmonica as well as Mary.
I think that Tom is about half Mary's age.
I think that Tom is about the same age as I am.
I think that Tom is about the same age as me.
I think that Tom is about the same height as you are.
I think that Tom is about the same height as you.
I think that Tom is about the same weight as Mary.
I think that Tom is about thirty years old.
I think that Tom is about thirty.
I think that Tom is about three years older than Mary is.
I think that Tom is about three years older than Mary.
I think that Tom is about three years younger than Mary is.
I think that Tom is about three years younger than Mary.
I think that Tom is about to cry.
I think that Tom is about to go home.
I think that Tom is about to leave.
I think that Tom is about to start crying.
I think that Tom is absent because he has the flu.
I think that Tom is absent-minded.
I think that Tom is absent.
I think that Tom is absolutely right.
I think that Tom is acquainted with Mary.
I think that Tom is acting a little suspicious.
I think that Tom is adaptable.
I think that Tom is addicted to gambling.
I think that Tom is adopted.
I think that Tom is adorable.
I think that Tom is adventurous.
I think that Tom is afraid he might hurt Mary's feelings.
I think that Tom is afraid he might lose everything.
I think that Tom is afraid of my dog.
I think that Tom is afraid of snakes.
I think that Tom is afraid of spiders.
I think that Tom is afraid of the dark.
I think that Tom is afraid of us.
I think that Tom is afraid of you.
I think that Tom is afraid of your dog.
I think that Tom is afraid people might laugh at him.
I think that Tom is afraid that he might hurt Mary's feelings.
I think that Tom is afraid that he might lose everything.
I think that Tom is afraid.
I think that Tom is aggressive.
I think that Tom is agnostic.
I think that Tom is alive.
I think that Tom is all packed and ready to go.
I think that Tom is all right at the moment.
I think that Tom is all right.
I think that Tom is allergic to cats.
I think that Tom is allergic to peanuts.
I think that Tom is almost as tall as Mary is.
I think that Tom is almost as tall as Mary.
I think that Tom is almost as tall as his father.
I think that Tom is almost as tall as you are.
I think that Tom is almost as tall as you.
I think that Tom is almost deaf.
I think that Tom is almost done for today.
I think that Tom is almost six feet tall.
I think that Tom is almost thirty now.
I think that Tom is alone in his room.
I think that Tom is alone.
I think that Tom is already able to do that.
I think that Tom is already asleep.
I think that Tom is already dead.
I think that Tom is already on the plane.
I think that Tom is ambidextrous.
I think that Tom is ambitious.
I think that Tom is amused by what's going on.
I think that Tom is amusing.
I think that Tom is an honest man.
I think that Tom is an idiot.
I think that Tom is angry.
I think that Tom is annoyed.
I think that Tom is annoying.
I think that Tom is anxious to do that.
I think that Tom is arrogant.
I think that Tom is articulate.
I think that Tom is artistic.
I think that Tom is ashamed.
I think that Tom is asleep.
I think that Tom is at home.
I think that Tom is at least partially to blame.
I think that Tom is athletic.
I think that Tom is attentive.
I think that Tom is autistic.
I think that Tom is available.
I think that Tom is average.
I think that Tom is awake.
I think that Tom is awesome.
I think that Tom is back from Australia.
I think that Tom is back from Boston.
I think that Tom is back.
I think that Tom is bad-tempered.
I think that Tom is bad.
I think that Tom is bald.
I think that Tom is beating around the bush.
I think that Tom is beginning to lose his mind.
I think that Tom is being blackmailed.
I think that Tom is being disrespectful.
I think that Tom is being reasonable.
I think that Tom is being sarcastic.
I think that Tom is believable.
I think that Tom is better looking than John.
I think that Tom is biased against me.
I think that Tom is biased.
I think that Tom is big-headed.
I think that Tom is bilingual.
I think that Tom is bipolar.
I think that Tom is blind.
I think that Tom is bored.
I think that Tom is boring.
I think that Tom is bossy.
I think that Tom is brave.
I think that Tom is bright.
I think that Tom is brilliant.
I think that Tom is broad-minded.
I think that Tom is broke.
I think that Tom is busy.
I think that Tom is callous.
I think that Tom is calm.
I think that Tom is careful.
I think that Tom is careless.
I think that Tom is charismatic.
I think that Tom is charming.
I think that Tom is cheating.
I think that Tom is cheerful.
I think that Tom is chubby.
I think that Tom is clever enough to solve this problem.
I think that Tom is clever.
I think that Tom is cold.
I think that Tom is colorblind.
I think that Tom is coming over.
I think that Tom is coming to Australia next weekend.
I think that Tom is coming to Boston next weekend.
I think that Tom is compassionate.
I think that Tom is competent.
I think that Tom is concealing something from me.
I think that Tom is conceited.
I think that Tom is concerned.
I think that Tom is confident.
I think that Tom is confused.
I think that Tom is conscientious.
I think that Tom is conservative.
I think that Tom is considerate.
I think that Tom is considering doing that.
I think that Tom is contented.
I think that Tom is cool.
I think that Tom is cooperative.
I think that Tom is correct.
I think that Tom is courageous.
I think that Tom is courteous.
I think that Tom is crazy.
I think that Tom is creative.
I think that Tom is creepy.
I think that Tom is crying.
I think that Tom is curious about that.
I think that Tom is curious.
I think that Tom is cute.
I think that Tom is dangerous.
I think that Tom is dead.
I think that Tom is deaf.
I think that Tom is deceitful.
I think that Tom is dedicated.
I think that Tom is delirious.
I think that Tom is delusional.
I think that Tom is demented.
I think that Tom is dependable.
I think that Tom is depraved.
I think that Tom is depressed.
I think that Tom is deranged.
I think that Tom is desperate to do that.
I think that Tom is desperate.
I think that Tom is determined to do that.
I think that Tom is devastated.
I think that Tom is devious.
I think that Tom is different.
I think that Tom is difficult to get along with.
I think that Tom is disappointed.
I think that Tom is discontented.
I think that Tom is discouraged.
I think that Tom is discreet.
I think that Tom is disgusted.
I think that Tom is disgusting.
I think that Tom is dishonest.
I think that Tom is displeased.
I think that Tom is distinguished.
I think that Tom is distracted.
I think that Tom is distraught.
I think that Tom is distressed.
I think that Tom is disturbed.
I think that Tom is divorced.
I think that Tom is doing a fine job.
I think that Tom is doing a good job.
I think that Tom is doing a pretty good job for us.
I think that Tom is doing all this to us on purpose.
I think that Tom is doing great.
I think that Tom is doing his best.
I think that Tom is doing something illegal.
I think that Tom is doing that as well.
I think that Tom is doing that now.
I think that Tom is doing that right now.
I think that Tom is doing that the wrong way.
I think that Tom is doing that, but I'm not sure.
I think that Tom is doing that, too.
I think that Tom is doing that.
I think that Tom is doing well.
I think that Tom is done.
I think that Tom is doubtful.
I think that Tom is downstairs.
I think that Tom is drinking either beer or wine, but I don't really know.
I think that Tom is drunk.
I think that Tom is dubious.
I think that Tom is dying to do that.
I think that Tom is dying.
I think that Tom is eager to do that.
I think that Tom is easygoing.
I think that Tom is eating right now.
I think that Tom is effective.
I think that Tom is efficient.
I think that Tom is egotistical.
I think that Tom is embarrassed.
I think that Tom is engaged.
I think that Tom is enjoying himself.
I think that Tom is entirely wrong about Mary.
I think that Tom is evil.
I think that Tom is exaggerating a little.
I think that Tom is exaggerating.
I think that Tom is excited.
I think that Tom is exciting.
I think that Tom is exhausted.
I think that Tom is expecting both of us.
I think that Tom is expecting somebody to help him.
I think that Tom is expecting somebody to make dinner for him.
I think that Tom is expecting somebody to make him dinner.
I think that Tom is expecting somebody.
I think that Tom is expecting someone to help him.
I think that Tom is expecting someone to make dinner for him.
I think that Tom is expecting someone to make him dinner.
I think that Tom is expecting someone.
I think that Tom is expecting us both.
I think that Tom is fair.
I think that Tom is falling for Mary.
I think that Tom is fantastic.
I think that Tom is fascinated.
I think that Tom is fast.
I think that Tom is fat.
I think that Tom is feeling a little stressed.
I think that Tom is feeling better.
I think that Tom is finally asleep.
I think that Tom is fine.
I think that Tom is finicky.
I think that Tom is finished doing that.
I think that Tom is finished.
I think that Tom is fit.
I think that Tom is flabbergasted.
I think that Tom is flabby.
I think that Tom is flattered.
I think that Tom is flexible.
I think that Tom is flustered.
I think that Tom is focused.
I think that Tom is following me.
I think that Tom is foolish.
I think that Tom is forgetful.
I think that Tom is fortunate.
I think that Tom is freaked.
I think that Tom is free.
I think that Tom is friendly.
I think that Tom is frightened.
I think that Tom is from Australia, but I'm not sure.
I think that Tom is from Australia.
I think that Tom is from Boston.
I think that Tom is frustrated.
I think that Tom is full.
I think that Tom is funny.
I think that Tom is furious.
I think that Tom is fussy.
I think that Tom is generous.
I think that Tom is getting a little tired of doing that.
I think that Tom is getting better.
I think that Tom is getting more suspicious.
I think that Tom is getting ready.
I think that Tom is getting tired of doing that.
I think that Tom is glad that that's going to happen.
I think that Tom is glad that's going to happen.
I think that Tom is going to Australia next month.
I think that Tom is going to Boston next month.
I think that Tom is going to ask for a promotion.
I think that Tom is going to be OK.
I think that Tom is going to be all right.
I think that Tom is going to be busy tomorrow afternoon.
I think that Tom is going to be doing that.
I think that Tom is going to be fine.
I think that Tom is going to be here later.
I think that Tom is going to be hungry when he gets home.
I think that Tom is going to be late.
I think that Tom is going to be pretty mad when he finds out that the painting he bought is a fake.
I think that Tom is going to be tired when he gets home.
I think that Tom is going to call you.
I think that Tom is going to come back.
I think that Tom is going to confess.
I think that Tom is going to cry.
I think that Tom is going to die.
I think that Tom is going to do something drastic.
I think that Tom is going to do that again.
I think that Tom is going to do that as well.
I think that Tom is going to do that in Australia next week.
I think that Tom is going to do that in Boston next week.
I think that Tom is going to do that soon.
I think that Tom is going to do that today.
I think that Tom is going to do that tomorrow.
I think that Tom is going to do that, too.
I think that Tom is going to do that.
I think that Tom is going to do the same thing he did yesterday.
I think that Tom is going to dump Mary.
I think that Tom is going to faint.
I think that Tom is going to get fired soon.
I think that Tom is going to get fired.
I think that Tom is going to get the ax.
I think that Tom is going to have a hard time doing that.
I think that Tom is going to like it here.
I think that Tom is going to lose.
I think that Tom is going to love it.
I think that Tom is going to love this book.
I think that Tom is going to pass out.
I think that Tom is going to pass the examination.
I think that Tom is going to propose to me.
I think that Tom is going to propose to you tonight.
I think that Tom is going to resign.
I think that Tom is going to try to escape.
I think that Tom is going to try to kill Mary.
I think that Tom is going to want to see this.
I think that Tom is going to want to sit down.
I think that Tom is going to win again tomorrow.
I think that Tom is going to win.
I think that Tom is gone.
I think that Tom is good-looking.
I think that Tom is great.
I think that Tom is greedy.
I think that Tom is groggy.
I think that Tom is guilty.
I think that Tom is gullible.
I think that Tom is hammered.
I think that Tom is handling it well.
I think that Tom is handsome.
I think that Tom is happy.
I think that Tom is hard-working.
I think that Tom is hardworking.
I think that Tom is harmless.
I think that Tom is harsh.
I think that Tom is having a good time.
I think that Tom is having a hard time doing that.
I think that Tom is having fun.
I think that Tom is having serious money problems.
I think that Tom is healthy.
I think that Tom is heartbroken.
I think that Tom is helpful.
I think that Tom is here already.
I think that Tom is here to spy on us.
I think that Tom is here.
I think that Tom is heroic.
I think that Tom is hesitant.
I think that Tom is hiding from Mary.
I think that Tom is hiding something from Mary.
I think that Tom is hiding something from me.
I think that Tom is hiding something from us.
I think that Tom is hiding something.
I think that Tom is high.
I think that Tom is hilarious.
I think that Tom is home.
I think that Tom is homesick.
I think that Tom is honest.
I think that Tom is horrible.
I think that Tom is hot.
I think that Tom is humorous.
I think that Tom is hungry.
I think that Tom is hurt.
I think that Tom is hurt. Blood is coming out of his head!
I think that Tom is hyperactive.
I think that Tom is hypocritical.
I think that Tom is illiterate.
I think that Tom is imaginative.
I think that Tom is immature.
I think that Tom is immoral.
I think that Tom is impartial.
I think that Tom is impatient to do that.
I think that Tom is impatient.
I think that Tom is impolite.
I think that Tom is impressed by Mary's plan.
I think that Tom is impressed.
I think that Tom is improving.
I think that Tom is in Australia.
I think that Tom is in Boston.
I think that Tom is in great shape.
I think that Tom is in his garden.
I think that Tom is in his office on Mondays.
I think that Tom is in his office.
I think that Tom is in love with Mary.
I think that Tom is in love with his secretary.
I think that Tom is in love with me.
I think that Tom is in love with you.
I think that Tom is in love.
I think that Tom is in the bathroom.
I think that Tom is in the front yard.
I think that Tom is in the garden.
I think that Tom is in the kitchen washing dishes.
I think that Tom is in trouble.
I think that Tom is incompetent.
I think that Tom is inconsiderate.
I think that Tom is incorrect.
I think that Tom is incorrigible.
I think that Tom is incredible.
I think that Tom is inefficient.
I think that Tom is inflexible.
I think that Tom is influential.
I think that Tom is infuriated.
I think that Tom is innocent.
I think that Tom is insane.
I think that Tom is insecure.
I think that Tom is insensitive.
I think that Tom is insightful.
I think that Tom is insincere.
I think that Tom is intelligent.
I think that Tom is intense.
I think that Tom is interested in Mary.
I think that Tom is interested in doing that.
I think that Tom is interested.
I think that Tom is interesting.
I think that Tom is interfering.
I think that Tom is intoxicated.
I think that Tom is intrigued.
I think that Tom is introverted.
I think that Tom is irreplaceable.
I think that Tom is irresistible.
I think that Tom is irresponsible.
I think that Tom is irritated.
I think that Tom is jealous of you.
I think that Tom is jealous.
I think that Tom is joking.
I think that Tom is just a little scared.
I think that Tom is just confused.
I think that Tom is just curious.
I think that Tom is just looking for a little attention.
I think that Tom is just pretending to be asleep.
I think that Tom is just sleepy.
I think that Tom is just tired.
I think that Tom is just trying to be practical.
I think that Tom is kind.
I think that Tom is kissing Mary now.
I think that Tom is lazy.
I think that Tom is leaving Australia at the end of the semester.
I think that Tom is leaving Boston at the end of the semester.
I think that Tom is likable.
I think that Tom is like that.
I think that Tom is likeable.
I think that Tom is likely to be able to do that.
I think that Tom is likely to be home on Monday.
I think that Tom is likely to be home on October 20th.
I think that Tom is likely to be late.
I think that Tom is likely to be there tonight.
I think that Tom is likely to be very hungry by the time he gets home tonight.
I think that Tom is likely to cry.
I think that Tom is likely to do that later.
I think that Tom is likely to do that.
I think that Tom is likely to go to Australia in the near future.
I think that Tom is likely to go to Boston in the near future.
I think that Tom is likely to know how to do that.
I think that Tom is likely to leave tomorrow.
I think that Tom is likely to like this movie.
I think that Tom is likely to resign.
I think that Tom is likely to win.
I think that Tom is literate.
I think that Tom is living in Australia now.
I think that Tom is living in Boston now.
I think that Tom is lonely.
I think that Tom is looking at us.
I think that Tom is looking for his keys.
I think that Tom is looking for us.
I think that Tom is losing his touch.
I think that Tom is lost.
I think that Tom is lovable.
I think that Tom is loveable.
I think that Tom is loyal.
I think that Tom is lucky.
I think that Tom is lying.
I think that Tom is mad.
I think that Tom is making progress.
I think that Tom is married.
I think that Tom is mean.
I think that Tom is miserable.
I think that Tom is mistaken.
I think that Tom is moody.
I think that Tom is more intelligent than Mary.
I think that Tom is more likely to do that today than he was yesterday.
I think that Tom is motivated to do that.
I think that Tom is motivated.
I think that Tom is much busier than Mary is.
I think that Tom is much busier than Mary.
I think that Tom is much friendlier than Mary is.
I think that Tom is much friendlier than Mary.
I think that Tom is much more intelligent than Mary is.
I think that Tom is much more intelligent than Mary.
I think that Tom is much smarter than Mary is.
I think that Tom is much smarter than Mary.
I think that Tom is much younger than Mary.
I think that Tom is my father.
I think that Tom is naive.
I think that Tom is narrow-minded.
I think that Tom is nasty.
I think that Tom is nervous.
I think that Tom is neurotic.
I think that Tom is next.
I think that Tom is nice.
I think that Tom is normal.
I think that Tom is nosy.
I think that Tom is nuts.
I think that Tom is obedient.
I think that Tom is obese.
I think that Tom is objective.
I think that Tom is obnoxious.
I think that Tom is obsessive.
I think that Tom is obstinate.
I think that Tom is odd.
I think that Tom is offended.
I think that Tom is old.
I think that Tom is on our side, but I'm not sure.
I think that Tom is on the front porch, reading a book.
I think that Tom is on the front porch.
I think that Tom is on vacation.
I think that Tom is only pretending to be asleep.
I think that Tom is open-minded.
I think that Tom is optimistic.
I think that Tom is organized.
I think that Tom is out in the yard raking leaves.
I think that Tom is out on the balcony talking with Mary.
I think that Tom is out on the porch talking to Mary.
I think that Tom is out on the porch.
I think that Tom is out.
I think that Tom is outgoing.
I think that Tom is outside.
I think that Tom is over thirty.
I think that Tom is overemotional.
I think that Tom is overly optimistic.
I think that Tom is overweight.
I think that Tom is overwhelmed.
I think that Tom is overworked.
I think that Tom is pathetic.
I think that Tom is patient.
I think that Tom is perfect for Mary.
I think that Tom is perplexed.
I think that Tom is persistent.
I think that Tom is persuasive.
I think that Tom is pessimistic.
I think that Tom is petty.
I think that Tom is photogenic.
I think that Tom is planning a trip.
I think that Tom is planning on doing that tomorrow.
I think that Tom is planning to do that tomorrow.
I think that Tom is planning to start doing that tomorrow.
I think that Tom is pleased.
I think that Tom is polite.
I think that Tom is pompous.
I think that Tom is poor.
I think that Tom is popular.
I think that Tom is positive.
I think that Tom is possessive.
I think that Tom is prejudiced.
I think that Tom is prepared.
I think that Tom is pretty angry.
I think that Tom is pretty good at French.
I think that Tom is pretty good at baseball.
I think that Tom is pretty good at doing that.
I think that Tom is pretty good at sports.
I think that Tom is pretty happy about it.
I think that Tom is probably a pretty good lawyer.
I think that Tom is probably almost home by now.
I think that Tom is probably asleep.
I think that Tom is probably awake by now.
I think that Tom is probably better at French than you think he is.
I think that Tom is probably better at chess than you think he is.
I think that Tom is probably better at doing that than you think he is.
I think that Tom is probably older than you think he is.
I think that Tom is probably right, too.
I think that Tom is probably right.
I think that Tom is probably suspicious.
I think that Tom is probably wrong.
I think that Tom is probably younger than you think he is.
I think that Tom is progressing.
I think that Tom is psyched.
I think that Tom is psychic.
I think that Tom is pulling your leg.
I think that Tom is pushy.
I think that Tom is puzzled.
I think that Tom is quite curious.
I think that Tom is quite right.
I think that Tom is reading a detective novel.
I think that Tom is ready.
I think that Tom is really a good guy.
I think that Tom is really going to like this.
I think that Tom is really smart.
I think that Tom is really talented.
I think that Tom is reckless.
I think that Tom is relaxed.
I think that Tom is reliable.
I think that Tom is relieved.
I think that Tom is reluctant to do that.
I think that Tom is remorseful.
I think that Tom is resourceful.
I think that Tom is responsible for what happened.
I think that Tom is responsible.
I think that Tom is retired by now.
I think that Tom is retired.
I think that Tom is rich.
I think that Tom is right.
I think that Tom is romantic.
I think that Tom is rude.
I think that Tom is sad.
I think that Tom is safe.
I think that Tom is sane.
I think that Tom is satisfied.
I think that Tom is scared now.
I think that Tom is scared of you.
I think that Tom is scared to talk to me.
I think that Tom is scared.
I think that Tom is schizophrenic.
I think that Tom is seeing someone else.
I think that Tom is self-centered.
I think that Tom is self-conscious.
I think that Tom is selfish.
I think that Tom is sensible.
I think that Tom is serious.
I think that Tom is shaken.
I think that Tom is shallow.
I think that Tom is sharp.
I think that Tom is shy.
I think that Tom is sick of me.
I think that Tom is sick.
I think that Tom is sincere.
I think that Tom is single.
I think that Tom is sitting on the front porch, reading a book.
I think that Tom is skeptical.
I think that Tom is skinny.
I think that Tom is skint.
I think that Tom is sleeping.
I think that Tom is sleepy.
I think that Tom is sloshed.
I think that Tom is slow.
I think that Tom is smart.
I think that Tom is smarter than Mary is.
I think that Tom is smarter than Mary.
I think that Tom is smarter than that.
I think that Tom is smarter than you.
I think that Tom is smashed.
I think that Tom is sneaky.
I think that Tom is somewhat curious.
I think that Tom is sorry.
I think that Tom is starved.
I think that Tom is still active.
I think that Tom is still afraid to do that.
I think that Tom is still afraid.
I think that Tom is still alive.
I think that Tom is still alone.
I think that Tom is still angry.
I think that Tom is still around.
I think that Tom is still asleep.
I think that Tom is still awake.
I think that Tom is still breathing.
I think that Tom is still busy.
I think that Tom is still cold.
I think that Tom is still committed.
I think that Tom is still confused.
I think that Tom is still curious.
I think that Tom is still dependable.
I think that Tom is still depressed.
I think that Tom is still desperate to do that.
I think that Tom is still determined to do that.
I think that Tom is still disorganized.
I think that Tom is still doing that.
I think that Tom is still downstairs.
I think that Tom is still drunk.
I think that Tom is still groggy.
I think that Tom is still here.
I think that Tom is still hesitant to do that.
I think that Tom is still home.
I think that Tom is still homeless.
I think that Tom is still homesick.
I think that Tom is still hungry.
I think that Tom is still in Australia.
I think that Tom is still in Boston.
I think that Tom is still in love with Mary.
I think that Tom is still in prison.
I think that Tom is still influential.
I think that Tom is still interested in doing that.
I think that Tom is still interested.
I think that Tom is still living in Australia.
I think that Tom is still living in Boston.
I think that Tom is still lonely.
I think that Tom is still lost.
I think that Tom is still mad.
I think that Tom is still married.
I think that Tom is still motivated to do that.
I think that Tom is still motivated.
I think that Tom is still nervous.
I think that Tom is still optimistic.
I think that Tom is still outside.
I think that Tom is still poor.
I think that Tom is still quicker at doing that than Mary.
I think that Tom is still reluctant to do that.
I think that Tom is still restless.
I think that Tom is still scared.
I think that Tom is still sick.
I think that Tom is still single.
I think that Tom is still skeptical.
I think that Tom is still sleeping.
I think that Tom is still sleepy.
I think that Tom is still suspicious.
I think that Tom is still tense.
I think that Tom is still tired.
I think that Tom is still unbeatable.
I think that Tom is still unconscious.
I think that Tom is still unconvinced.
I think that Tom is still undecided.
I think that Tom is still undefeated.
I think that Tom is still undependable.
I think that Tom is still under thirty.
I think that Tom is still unemployed.
I think that Tom is still unimpressed.
I think that Tom is still unmarried.
I think that Tom is still up.
I think that Tom is still upset.
I think that Tom is still worried.
I think that Tom is stingy.
I think that Tom is stoned.
I think that Tom is stranded.
I think that Tom is strange.
I think that Tom is strong.
I think that Tom is stubborn.
I think that Tom is stuck-up.
I think that Tom is stuffed.
I think that Tom is stunned.
I think that Tom is stupid.
I think that Tom is successful.
I think that Tom is suggesting that we should leave.
I think that Tom is sure that's what Mary has to do.
I think that Tom is sure that's what Mary needs to do.
I think that Tom is sure that's what Mary wants to do.
I think that Tom is sure that's what he has to do.
I think that Tom is sure that's what he needs to do.
I think that Tom is sure.
I think that Tom is suspicious.
I think that Tom is sympathetic.
I think that Tom is tactful.
I think that Tom is taking a nap.
I think that Tom is talented.
I think that Tom is talking to Mary about that right now.
I think that Tom is talking to Mary now.
I think that Tom is tall.
I think that Tom is telling the truth.
I think that Tom is tense.
I think that Tom is terrified.
I think that Tom is the one most likely to win the race.
I think that Tom is the one that should make that decision.
I think that Tom is the one who did that.
I think that Tom is the one who drew this picture.
I think that Tom is the one who painted this fence.
I think that Tom is the one who should make that decision.
I think that Tom is the one who stole Mary's diamond ring.
I think that Tom is the one who'll win.
I think that Tom is the one who's supposed to do that.
I think that Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary about what happened.
I think that Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary not to do that anymore.
I think that Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary not to do that.
I think that Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she doesn't have to do that.
I think that Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she doesn't need to do that.
I think that Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she has to do that.
I think that Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she needs to do that.
I think that Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she ought to do that.
I think that Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she should do that.
I think that Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she shouldn't do that.
I think that Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she won't be allowed to do that.
I think that Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary that she needs to do that.
I think that Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary that she ought to do that.
I think that Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary to do that.
I think that Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary what needs to be done.
I think that Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary what to do.
I think that Tom is the only Canadian here.
I think that Tom is the only Canadian on our team.
I think that Tom is the only one here who doesn't know how to do that.
I think that Tom is the only one here who doesn't know how to swim.
I think that Tom is the only one here who isn't drinking.
I think that Tom is the only one here who knows where Mary lives.
I think that Tom is the only one in his family who can swim.
I think that Tom is the only one in his family who can't swim.
I think that Tom is the only one who can do that.
I think that Tom is the only one who can't do that.
I think that Tom is the only one who doesn't have to do that.
I think that Tom is the only one who doesn't know how to do that.
I think that Tom is the only one who doesn't need to do that.
I think that Tom is the only one who doesn't want to do that.
I think that Tom is the only one who has to do that.
I think that Tom is the only one who knows how to do that.
I think that Tom is the only one who needs to do that.
I think that Tom is the only one who wants to do that.
I think that Tom is the only one with a key.
I think that Tom is the only one working here who can speak French.
I think that Tom is the only vegetarian here.
I think that Tom is the person who painted that picture.
I think that Tom is the person who should be doing this instead of me.
I think that Tom is the right man for the job.
I think that Tom is thin.
I think that Tom is thirsty.
I think that Tom is thirty years old.
I think that Tom is thirty.
I think that Tom is three years older than Mary.
I think that Tom is thrilled.
I think that Tom is through doing that.
I think that Tom is ticklish.
I think that Tom is tidy.
I think that Tom is timid.
I think that Tom is tipsy.
I think that Tom is tired.
I think that Tom is too aggressive.
I think that Tom is too assertive.
I think that Tom is too competitive.
I think that Tom is too confident.
I think that Tom is too demanding.
I think that Tom is too lazy to do that.
I think that Tom is too old for Mary.
I think that Tom is too old for me.
I think that Tom is too old to be dating my daughter.
I think that Tom is too outspoken.
I think that Tom is too shy to talk to Mary.
I think that Tom is too shy to talk to you.
I think that Tom is too trusting.
I think that Tom is too weak to do that.
I think that Tom is too weak to win.
I think that Tom is too young to be dating.
I think that Tom is too young to really be in love.
I think that Tom is too young to really understand women.
I think that Tom is too young to retire.
I think that Tom is too young.
I think that Tom is tough.
I think that Tom is truly decent.
I think that Tom is trustworthy.
I think that Tom is truthful.
I think that Tom is trying to fall asleep.
I think that Tom is trying to impress you.
I think that Tom is trying to lose weight.
I think that Tom is trying to say something.
I think that Tom is trying to tell us something.
I think that Tom is trying to trick us.
I think that Tom is trying.
I think that Tom is ugly.
I think that Tom is unable to do that.
I think that Tom is unafraid.
I think that Tom is unambitious.
I think that Tom is unaware of that.
I think that Tom is unbeatable.
I think that Tom is unbiased.
I think that Tom is uncomfortable.
I think that Tom is unconvinced.
I think that Tom is undependable.
I think that Tom is under thirty.
I think that Tom is unemployed.
I think that Tom is unfair.
I think that Tom is unfriendly.
I think that Tom is unhappy.
I think that Tom is unimaginative.
I think that Tom is unintelligent.
I think that Tom is uninteresting.
I think that Tom is unkind.
I think that Tom is unlikeable.
I think that Tom is unlucky.
I think that Tom is unmarried.
I think that Tom is unpleasant.
I think that Tom is unpredictable.
I think that Tom is unprejudiced.
I think that Tom is unreliable.
I think that Tom is unscrupulous.
I think that Tom is unsophisticated.
I think that Tom is unstable.
I think that Tom is untidy.
I think that Tom is untrustworthy.
I think that Tom is up in the attic.
I think that Tom is up to something.
I think that Tom is up.
I think that Tom is upset.
I think that Tom is vain.
I think that Tom is very angry.
I think that Tom is very cool.
I think that Tom is very curious.
I think that Tom is very disorganized.
I think that Tom is very sick.
I think that Tom is very smart.
I think that Tom is visiting Australia now.
I think that Tom is visiting Boston now.
I think that Tom is waiting for me.
I think that Tom is waiting for someone to pick him up.
I think that Tom is waiting for someone.
I think that Tom is waiting for you on the porch.
I think that Tom is waiting for you right now.
I think that Tom is watching me.
I think that Tom is weak.
I think that Tom is wealthy.
I think that Tom is weird.
I think that Tom is well.
I think that Tom is willing.
I think that Tom is wise.
I think that Tom is witty.
I think that Tom is working now.
I think that Tom is worried.
I think that Tom is wrong.
I think that Tom is young.
I think that Tom isn't Canadian.
I think that Tom isn't a Canadian.
I think that Tom isn't a driving instructor anymore.
I think that Tom isn't a very good coach.
I think that Tom isn't a very good cook.
I think that Tom isn't a very good manager.
I think that Tom isn't a very good singer.
I think that Tom isn't a very safe driver.
I think that Tom isn't able to do that anymore.
I think that Tom isn't dependable.
I think that Tom isn't doing that anymore.
I think that Tom isn't doing that now.
I think that Tom isn't doing that, but I'm not sure.
I think that Tom isn't going to be busy this afternoon.
I think that Tom isn't going to be here today.
I think that Tom isn't going to do that anymore.
I think that Tom isn't going to do that anytime soon.
I think that Tom isn't going to do that today.
I think that Tom isn't going to do that, either.
I think that Tom isn't going to do that.
I think that Tom isn't going to resign.
I think that Tom isn't going to stop crying anytime soon.
I think that Tom isn't going to stop doing that anytime soon.
I think that Tom isn't going to win.
I think that Tom isn't home.
I think that Tom isn't in Australia now.
I think that Tom isn't in Boston now.
I think that Tom isn't likely to go to Australia any time soon.
I think that Tom isn't likely to go to Boston any time soon.
I think that Tom isn't much older than Mary is.
I think that Tom isn't much older than Mary.
I think that Tom isn't quite as tall as his father.
I think that Tom isn't right.
I think that Tom isn't serious.
I think that Tom isn't sure that's what Mary has to do.
I think that Tom isn't sure that's what Mary needs to do.
I think that Tom isn't sure that's what Mary wants to do.
I think that Tom isn't sure that's what he has to do.
I think that Tom isn't sure that's what he needs to do.
I think that Tom isn't the first one to do that.
I think that Tom isn't the one who did that.
I think that Tom isn't the right man for the job.
I think that Tom isn't very happy.
I think that Tom isn't working today.
I think that Tom just lied to me.
I think that Tom just needs a hug.
I think that Tom just wanted more time to think about it.
I think that Tom just wanted more time.
I think that Tom just wants to be alone.
I think that Tom killed Mary.
I think that Tom killed himself.
I think that Tom kind of likes Mary.
I think that Tom kissed Mary for the first time yesterday.
I think that Tom kissed Mary yesterday.
I think that Tom kissed Mary.
I think that Tom knew Mary.
I think that Tom knew when Mary was going to do that.
I think that Tom knew where Mary was going to do that.
I think that Tom knew.
I think that Tom knows French.
I think that Tom knows Mary is from Boston.
I think that Tom knows Mary.
I think that Tom knows about John and Mary.
I think that Tom knows already.
I think that Tom knows he needs to help Mary today.
I think that Tom knows he's supposed to give a speech today.
I think that Tom knows how much time he'll need to do that.
I think that Tom knows how to do that already.
I think that Tom knows how to do that.
I think that Tom knows how to fix it.
I think that Tom knows how to play this game.
I think that Tom knows it was me who did that.
I think that Tom knows more than he's admitting.
I think that Tom knows something the rest of us don't.
I think that Tom knows something.
I think that Tom knows that Mary is from Boston.
I think that Tom knows that it was me who did that.
I think that Tom knows the truth about what happened.
I think that Tom knows things that we don't.
I think that Tom knows what he's doing.
I think that Tom knows what he's talking about.
I think that Tom knows what needs to be done.
I think that Tom knows what time he's supposed to be here.
I think that Tom knows what to do.
I think that Tom knows what's at stake.
I think that Tom knows where Mary lives.
I think that Tom knows who did that.
I think that Tom knows who lives in that house.
I think that Tom knows who shot Mary.
I think that Tom knows who shot him.
I think that Tom knows who stole my wallet.
I think that Tom knows why I'm here.
I think that Tom knows why Mary isn't here.
I think that Tom knows why we can't do that for Mary.
I think that Tom knows why we couldn't do that for him.
I think that Tom knows why.
I think that Tom knows.
I think that Tom laughed.
I think that Tom left early.
I think that Tom left.
I think that Tom lied about how he did that.
I think that Tom lied about where he'd been.
I think that Tom lied to Mary.
I think that Tom lied to me.
I think that Tom lied to us.
I think that Tom lied to you about what he did.
I think that Tom lied to you about when he did that.
I think that Tom lied.
I think that Tom liked it.
I think that Tom likes Mary.
I think that Tom likes animals more than people.
I think that Tom likes baseball.
I think that Tom likes doing that by himself.
I think that Tom likes doing that.
I think that Tom likes hanging out with us.
I think that Tom likes his job.
I think that Tom likes it.
I think that Tom likes me.
I think that Tom likes playing tennis.
I think that Tom likes strawberry ice cream.
I think that Tom likes to do that.
I think that Tom likes to play tennis.
I think that Tom likes you.
I think that Tom lived in Australia when he was in high school.
I think that Tom lived in Boston when he was in high school.
I think that Tom lives in Australia.
I think that Tom lives in Boston.
I think that Tom lives somewhere around here.
I think that Tom looked better before he shaved his beard off.
I think that Tom looked better before he shaved off his beard.
I think that Tom looked happy.
I think that Tom looks a lot like John.
I think that Tom looks better with a beard.
I think that Tom looks better with his natural black hair than with bleached hair.
I think that Tom looks better without a beard.
I think that Tom looks incredible.
I think that Tom looks like John.
I think that Tom looks like a teacher.
I think that Tom looks like his father.
I think that Tom looks really good.
I think that Tom looks ridiculous.
I think that Tom looks very handsome.
I think that Tom loves Mary.
I think that Tom loves me.
I think that Tom made a big mistake.
I think that Tom made a good decision.
I think that Tom made a mistake.
I think that Tom made a wise decision.
I think that Tom made that mistake on purpose.
I think that Tom made the right decision.
I think that Tom made us a better team.
I think that Tom may agree to do that.
I think that Tom may be a genius.
I think that Tom may be able to buy the kind of shoes he's looking for at the sports store on Park Street.
I think that Tom may be able to do that for Mary.
I think that Tom may be able to do that for us.
I think that Tom may be able to do that if you help him.
I think that Tom may be able to do that today.
I think that Tom may be able to do that.
I think that Tom may be dead.
I think that Tom may be hurt.
I think that Tom may be lonely.
I think that Tom may be mentally ill.
I think that Tom may be right this time.
I think that Tom may be sick.
I think that Tom may be telling the truth.
I think that Tom may come to Australia for Thanksgiving.
I think that Tom may come to Boston for Thanksgiving.
I think that Tom may cry.
I think that Tom may do that.
I think that Tom may have a drinking problem.
I think that Tom may have been drunk.
I think that Tom may have been intoxicated.
I think that Tom may have been the one who did this.
I think that Tom may have done this.
I think that Tom may have fallen into the well.
I think that Tom may have gotten lost.
I think that Tom may leave on Monday.
I think that Tom may leave on October 20th.
I think that Tom may not be able to do that for us.
I think that Tom may not be able to do that today.
I think that Tom may not be able to do that.
I think that Tom may speak French.
I think that Tom may stay in Australia for another month.
I think that Tom may stay in Boston for another month.
I think that Tom may visit Australia on his next trip.
I think that Tom may visit Boston on his next trip.
I think that Tom may wait for us.
I think that Tom may want to do that.
I think that Tom may win.
I think that Tom means just what he said.
I think that Tom messed up his life.
I think that Tom might actually do that.
I think that Tom might actually want someone to kill him.
I think that Tom might agree to do that.
I think that Tom might be a little nervous.
I think that Tom might be able to do that.
I think that Tom might be able to win.
I think that Tom might be allergic to eggs.
I think that Tom might be angry with me.
I think that Tom might be at school.
I think that Tom might be back soon.
I think that Tom might be busy now.
I think that Tom might be busy.
I think that Tom might be curious about that.
I think that Tom might be dead.
I think that Tom might be displeased.
I think that Tom might be drunk.
I think that Tom might be hungry.
I think that Tom might be in Australia right now.
I think that Tom might be in Australia.
I think that Tom might be in Boston right now.
I think that Tom might be in Boston.
I think that Tom might be involved in what happened.
I think that Tom might be jealous.
I think that Tom might be just a little too picky.
I think that Tom might be lost.
I think that Tom might be lying.
I think that Tom might be mad at me.
I think that Tom might be nervous.
I think that Tom might be older than me.
I think that Tom might be reluctant to do that.
I think that Tom might be seeing someone.
I think that Tom might be sick.
I think that Tom might be sleepy.
I think that Tom might be swimming now.
I think that Tom might be sympathetic.
I think that Tom might be telling the truth.
I think that Tom might be tired.
I think that Tom might change his mind.
I think that Tom might cry.
I think that Tom might do that by himself.
I think that Tom might do that.
I think that Tom might feel the same way you do.
I think that Tom might finally have a good idea.
I think that Tom might get fired.
I think that Tom might get hurt if he tries to do that.
I think that Tom might get in trouble if he does that.
I think that Tom might get injured if he tries to do that.
I think that Tom might get killed if he tries to do that.
I think that Tom might get punished if he does that.
I think that Tom might go to Australia in the fall.
I think that Tom might go to Boston in the fall.
I think that Tom might have a drinking problem.
I think that Tom might have cheated on the test.
I think that Tom might have fallen asleep at my party last night.
I think that Tom might have poisoned himself.
I think that Tom might have run away.
I think that Tom might have some good ideas.
I think that Tom might know something.
I think that Tom might leave for Australia early tomorrow morning.
I think that Tom might leave for Boston early tomorrow morning.
I think that Tom might leave on Monday.
I think that Tom might leave on October 20th.
I think that Tom might lie to you.
I think that Tom might like that.
I think that Tom might like this.
I think that Tom might not actually do that.
I think that Tom might not agree to do that.
I think that Tom might not be able to do that.
I think that Tom might not be able to handle the truth.
I think that Tom might not do that.
I think that Tom might not wait for me.
I think that Tom might not want to do that by himself.
I think that Tom might not want to do that.
I think that Tom might not win.
I think that Tom might recognize Mary, even though it's been a long time since he's seen her.
I think that Tom might visit Australia next week.
I think that Tom might visit Boston next week.
I think that Tom might wait a little longer.
I think that Tom might want to do that today.
I think that Tom might want to do that.
I think that Tom might want to go bowling with us.
I think that Tom might win.
I think that Tom might've been offended by that.
I think that Tom might've been the one who did this.
I think that Tom might've done this.
I think that Tom might've gotten lost.
I think that Tom might've joined a cult.
I think that Tom might've run away.
I think that Tom might've said something he shouldn't have.
I think that Tom might've taken something he shouldn't have.
I think that Tom missed his bus.
I think that Tom missed the train.
I think that Tom misses Mary.
I think that Tom misses you.
I think that Tom moved to Australia.
I think that Tom moved to Boston.
I think that Tom must be hungry by now.
I think that Tom must be hungry.
I think that Tom must be pretty sleepy by now.
I think that Tom must be right.
I think that Tom must be thirsty.
I think that Tom must be tired.
I think that Tom must've agreed to do that.
I think that Tom must've been right.
I think that Tom must've done that earlier.
I think that Tom must've done that.
I think that Tom needed to do that even more than you did.
I think that Tom needed to do that.
I think that Tom needs a hug.
I think that Tom needs a little help.
I think that Tom needs a ride to the airport.
I think that Tom needs a vacation.
I think that Tom needs glasses.
I think that Tom needs help.
I think that Tom needs me.
I think that Tom needs medical attention.
I think that Tom needs something.
I think that Tom needs stitches.
I think that Tom needs to be shown how to do that.
I think that Tom needs to be told about what happened.
I think that Tom needs to be told not to do that.
I think that Tom needs to be told that.
I think that Tom needs to buy some new clothes.
I think that Tom needs to change his clothes.
I think that Tom needs to do that again.
I think that Tom needs to do that, even though he says he doesn't.
I think that Tom needs to do that.
I think that Tom needs to get more exercise.
I think that Tom needs to go there.
I think that Tom needs to go.
I think that Tom needs to start hanging out with someone other than Mary.
I think that Tom needs to talk to Mary personally.
I think that Tom needs your help.
I think that Tom never does that.
I think that Tom never leaves early.
I think that Tom now understands.
I think that Tom only speaks French.
I think that Tom ought to buy some new clothes.
I think that Tom ought to do that by himself.
I think that Tom ought to do that outside.
I think that Tom ought to do that.
I think that Tom ought to wait until at least 2:30 before he leaves.
I think that Tom paid far too much for that old saxophone.
I think that Tom paid way too much for that old saxophone.
I think that Tom plans to start doing that tomorrow.
I think that Tom played very well.
I think that Tom played well.
I think that Tom plays the bassoon just about as well as Mary does.
I think that Tom plays the bassoon just about as well as Mary.
I think that Tom probably already knows the truth.
I think that Tom probably doesn't like you very much.
I think that Tom probably has a girlfriend already.
I think that Tom probably isn't as good at French as you think he is.
I think that Tom probably isn't as good at doing that as you think he is.
I think that Tom probably isn't as old as you think he is.
I think that Tom probably isn't as rich as you think he is.
I think that Tom probably isn't as young as you think he is.
I think that Tom probably knows about it already.
I think that Tom probably knows what's going on.
I think that Tom probably knows who did that.
I think that Tom probably likes you a lot.
I think that Tom probably loves Mary.
I think that Tom probably won't know how to do that.
I think that Tom probably wouldn't trust Mary.
I think that Tom really believes that.
I think that Tom really deserves it.
I think that Tom really does hate you.
I think that Tom really does love you.
I think that Tom really doesn't know the answer.
I think that Tom really enjoyed himself.
I think that Tom really had a good time.
I think that Tom really had to do that.
I think that Tom really has to do that.
I think that Tom really is a doctor.
I think that Tom really likes Mary.
I think that Tom really likes it when we visit him.
I think that Tom really likes me.
I think that Tom really likes you.
I think that Tom really loves Mary.
I think that Tom really needed to do that.
I think that Tom really needs to do that.
I think that Tom really wanted to do that.
I think that Tom really wanted to win.
I think that Tom really wants to do that.
I think that Tom really wants to win.
I think that Tom really would enjoy doing that.
I think that Tom really would enjoy it.
I think that Tom recognized me.
I think that Tom remembered me.
I think that Tom said he needed to buy a shovel.
I think that Tom said he was from Australia.
I think that Tom said he was from Boston.
I think that Tom said he'd be back.
I think that Tom said he'd be staying in Australia for three weeks.
I think that Tom said he'd be staying in Boston for three weeks.
I think that Tom said he's already read this book.
I think that Tom said his last name is Jackson.
I think that Tom said something about that.
I think that Tom said something else.
I think that Tom said that Mary was from Australia.
I think that Tom said that Mary was from Boston.
I think that Tom said that he'd do that.
I think that Tom said that once.
I think that Tom said that.
I think that Tom saw us.
I think that Tom shares too much personal information online.
I think that Tom should ask for his money back.
I think that Tom should be able to do that by himself.
I think that Tom should be able to do that without any help.
I think that Tom should be able to do that.
I think that Tom should be fired.
I think that Tom should be home with his children.
I think that Tom should be more discreet.
I think that Tom should be more patient.
I think that Tom should be promoted.
I think that Tom should be punished.
I think that Tom should be the one to do that.
I think that Tom should be warned.
I think that Tom should buy some new clothes.
I think that Tom should come to Australia to visit me.
I think that Tom should do it.
I think that Tom should do that by himself.
I think that Tom should do that himself.
I think that Tom should do that inside.
I think that Tom should do that outside.
I think that Tom should do that somewhere else.
I think that Tom should do that.
I think that Tom should do what he says he's going to do.
I think that Tom should eat more.
I think that Tom should get an award.
I think that Tom should get married.
I think that Tom should get some new clothes.
I think that Tom should give Mary a second chance.
I think that Tom should give Mary another chance.
I think that Tom should go home.
I think that Tom should go on a diet.
I think that Tom should go to Australia to visit Mary.
I think that Tom should go to Boston to visit Mary.
I think that Tom should go.
I think that Tom should help me.
I think that Tom should help us.
I think that Tom should know.
I think that Tom should learn to speak French.
I think that Tom should lie to Mary about what he's planning on doing.
I think that Tom should lie to Mary about what he's planning to do.
I think that Tom should lose some weight.
I think that Tom should remain here.
I think that Tom should resign.
I think that Tom should see a therapist.
I think that Tom should see this.
I think that Tom should sell his house.
I think that Tom should sing.
I think that Tom should stay away.
I think that Tom should stay here with us.
I think that Tom should stay here.
I think that Tom should stay.
I think that Tom should study harder.
I think that Tom should take a trip somewhere.
I think that Tom should talk to Mary.
I think that Tom should talk to me.
I think that Tom should tell Mary that he can't really speak French.
I think that Tom should tell Mary to do that.
I think that Tom should tell Mary to leave him alone.
I think that Tom should try to get Mary to do that.
I think that Tom should wait for me.
I think that Tom should wait until we get there to do that.
I think that Tom should wear a tie to the party.
I think that Tom should've asked Mary to help him do that.
I think that Tom should've been more discreet.
I think that Tom should've done that.
I think that Tom should've left earlier.
I think that Tom should've left early.
I think that Tom should've let Mary do that.
I think that Tom should've stayed in Australia.
I think that Tom should've stayed in Boston.
I think that Tom shouldn't agree to do that.
I think that Tom shouldn't do that anymore.
I think that Tom shouldn't do that outside.
I think that Tom shouldn't do that.
I think that Tom shouldn't have done that.
I think that Tom shouldn't stay at home tomorrow.
I think that Tom shouldn't tell Mary about the accident.
I think that Tom shouldn't tell Mary how he did that.
I think that Tom shouldn't tell Mary that he did that.
I think that Tom shouldn't tell Mary to do that.
I think that Tom shouldn't tell Mary why he did that.
I think that Tom slept all afternoon.
I think that Tom slept here.
I think that Tom snores louder than Mary does.
I think that Tom snores louder than Mary.
I think that Tom sounds like a native French speaker.
I think that Tom speaks French quite well.
I think that Tom speaks French well.
I think that Tom stayed at his uncle's last summer.
I think that Tom stayed by at home by himself last Monday.
I think that Tom stayed in Australia last summer.
I think that Tom stayed in Boston last summer.
I think that Tom stays at his grandparents' house whenever he visits Australia.
I think that Tom stays at his grandparents' house whenever he visits Boston.
I think that Tom still believes that.
I think that Tom still has a chance.
I think that Tom still has to do that.
I think that Tom still hasn't left.
I think that Tom still lives on Park Street.
I think that Tom still needs to do that.
I think that Tom still teaches French.
I think that Tom still wants to do that.
I think that Tom stole my bicycle.
I think that Tom strings me along.
I think that Tom suspects me.
I think that Tom swears too much.
I think that Tom taught French a few years ago.
I think that Tom thinks I think that.
I think that Tom thinks I think too much.
I think that Tom thinks I'm lying to him.
I think that Tom thinks that I think that.
I think that Tom thinks that I think too much.
I think that Tom thought I wanted to do that.
I think that Tom thought Mary liked him.
I think that Tom thought Mary wanted to do that.
I think that Tom thought he had to do that.
I think that Tom to stay here and wait for Mary.
I think that Tom told Mary about what we did last summer.
I think that Tom told Mary the truth.
I think that Tom told me the truth.
I think that Tom told the truth.
I think that Tom told us the truth.
I think that Tom told you the truth.
I think that Tom took my shoes.
I think that Tom understands all that.
I think that Tom understands me.
I think that Tom understands that if he wants my help, all he needs to do is ask for it.
I think that Tom understood everything.
I think that Tom understood me.
I think that Tom understood that.
I think that Tom understood your explanation.
I think that Tom used to be a mechanic.
I think that Tom used to be a member of our church.
I think that Tom used to be a member of our club.
I think that Tom used to be a screenwriter.
I think that Tom used to be a soldier.
I think that Tom used to be one of the janitors at the school where Mary teaches.
I think that Tom used to date Mary.
I think that Tom used to live in Australia.
I think that Tom used to live in Boston.
I think that Tom used to love me.
I think that Tom used to own a Japanese car.
I think that Tom used to play golf.
I think that Tom visited Australia with Mary last spring.
I think that Tom visited Boston with Mary last spring.
I think that Tom voted for me.
I think that Tom waited until Mary got there.
I think that Tom wanted Mary to do that.
I think that Tom wanted my help.
I think that Tom wanted to do that even more than you did.
I think that Tom wanted to do that.
I think that Tom wanted to kill us both.
I think that Tom wanted to kill us.
I think that Tom wants Mary's job.
I think that Tom wants a promotion.
I think that Tom wants me to do that tomorrow.
I think that Tom wants me to do that with him.
I think that Tom wants me to do that.
I think that Tom wants me to go with Mary.
I think that Tom wants me to go with him.
I think that Tom wants more.
I think that Tom wants our help.
I think that Tom wants something to eat.
I think that Tom wants something to write on.
I think that Tom wants something to write with.
I think that Tom wants to come with us.
I think that Tom wants to do that again.
I think that Tom wants to do that alone.
I think that Tom wants to do that tomorrow.
I think that Tom wants to do that, even though he says he doesn't.
I think that Tom wants to do that.
I think that Tom wants to go to Australia with you.
I think that Tom wants to go to Australia.
I think that Tom wants to go to Boston with you.
I think that Tom wants to go to Boston.
I think that Tom wants to go to bed.
I think that Tom wants to kill himself.
I think that Tom wants to see you.
I think that Tom wants to sell us something.
I think that Tom wants to stay.
I think that Tom wants you to do that.
I think that Tom was a little shocked.
I think that Tom was a little tired.
I think that Tom was about ready to do that.
I think that Tom was afraid he might hurt Mary's feelings.
I think that Tom was afraid that he might hurt Mary's feelings.
I think that Tom was as surprised as I was.
I think that Tom was astonished.
I think that Tom was being sarcastic.
I think that Tom was bluffing.
I think that Tom was born in Australia.
I think that Tom was born in Boston.
I think that Tom was busy.
I think that Tom was distracted.
I think that Tom was drunk.
I think that Tom was embarrassed.
I think that Tom was exaggerating.
I think that Tom was finished doing that by 2:30.
I think that Tom was grateful.
I think that Tom was having fun.
I think that Tom was here.
I think that Tom was heroic.
I think that Tom was hiding something.
I think that Tom was hungry.
I think that Tom was impressed by what he saw.
I think that Tom was impressed with your work.
I think that Tom was impressed.
I think that Tom was in Australia last month.
I think that Tom was in Australia.
I think that Tom was in Boston.
I think that Tom was in love with Mary.
I think that Tom was in shock.
I think that Tom was in some kind of danger.
I think that Tom was joking.
I think that Tom was just amazing.
I think that Tom was just being sarcastic.
I think that Tom was just in the wrong place at the wrong time.
I think that Tom was just trying to apologize.
I think that Tom was just trying to be friendly.
I think that Tom was lied to.
I think that Tom was looking at you.
I think that Tom was looking for you.
I think that Tom was lying to me.
I think that Tom was lying to us.
I think that Tom was lying to you.
I think that Tom was misled.
I think that Tom was offended.
I think that Tom was one of the ringleaders.
I think that Tom was only bluffing.
I think that Tom was only joking.
I think that Tom was out of line.
I think that Tom was pretty exhausted.
I think that Tom was right.
I think that Tom was scared and confused.
I think that Tom was shocked.
I think that Tom was sick all last week.
I think that Tom was sick.
I think that Tom was speaking French.
I think that Tom was supposed to be here by now.
I think that Tom was supposed to be here.
I think that Tom was supposed to do that by himself.
I think that Tom was supposed to do that yesterday.
I think that Tom was supposed to go to school yesterday.
I think that Tom was surprised.
I think that Tom was telling the truth.
I think that Tom was terrified.
I think that Tom was the first one to do that.
I think that Tom was the last one to do that.
I think that Tom was the last person to do that.
I think that Tom was the one who ate Mary's sandwich.
I think that Tom was the one who bought these flowers?
I think that Tom was the one who cut down those trees.
I think that Tom was the one who did that.
I think that Tom was the one who spiked Mary's drink.
I think that Tom was the one who stole my bicycle.
I think that Tom was the one who stole my wallet.
I think that Tom was the one who stole your bicycle.
I think that Tom was the one who told me that.
I think that Tom was the one who wanted to do that.
I think that Tom was the one who was supposed to do that.
I think that Tom was the one who was supposed to show Mary how to do that.
I think that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary about what happened.
I think that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary how to do that.
I think that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary not to do that anymore.
I think that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary not to do that.
I think that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she didn't have to do that.
I think that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she didn't need to do that.
I think that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she had to do that.
I think that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she has to do that.
I think that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she needed to do that.
I think that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she needs to do that.
I think that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she ought to do that.
I think that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she should do that.
I think that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she shouldn't do that.
I think that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she wouldn't be allowed to do that.
I think that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary to do that.
I think that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary what needed to be done.
I think that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary what to do.
I think that Tom was tired.
I think that Tom was too afraid to say anything.
I think that Tom was too stunned to reply.
I think that Tom was too stunned to respond.
I think that Tom was trying to hide something.
I think that Tom was trying to make something to eat when we came to visit.
I think that Tom was trying to tell us something.
I think that Tom was trying to warn us about something.
I think that Tom was unimpressed.
I think that Tom was waiting for Mary to do that.
I think that Tom wasn't able to do that.
I think that Tom wasn't being sincere.
I think that Tom wasn't really listening.
I think that Tom wasn't telling the truth.
I think that Tom wasn't the first one to do that.
I think that Tom went fishing with Mary.
I think that Tom went hunting by himself.
I think that Tom went into the woods to kill himself.
I think that Tom went out last night.
I think that Tom went sailing yesterday.
I think that Tom went to Australia last month.
I think that Tom went to Australia last week.
I think that Tom went to Australia.
I think that Tom went to Boston by car.
I think that Tom went to Boston last month.
I think that Tom went to Boston last week.
I think that Tom went to Boston.
I think that Tom went to Harvard.
I think that Tom went to Mary's house yesterday.
I think that Tom went to buy beer.
I think that Tom went to the supermarket yesterday, but I'm not sure.
I think that Tom went upstairs.
I think that Tom will agree to do that.
I think that Tom will agree to let Mary do that.
I think that Tom will agree.
I think that Tom will allow us to do that.
I think that Tom will always love Mary.
I think that Tom will arrive in Australia on October 20th.
I think that Tom will ask Mary to do that for John.
I think that Tom will ask me to do that.
I think that Tom will ask you to marry him.
I think that Tom will be OK.
I think that Tom will be a finalist.
I think that Tom will be able to buy a pair of ice skates his size at the sports store near the art museum.
I think that Tom will be able to do that by himself.
I think that Tom will be able to do that eventually.
I think that Tom will be able to do that if he tries.
I think that Tom will be able to do that sooner or later.
I think that Tom will be able to do that today.
I think that Tom will be able to do that without our help.
I think that Tom will be able to do that.
I think that Tom will be able to do the job.
I think that Tom will be able to figure out a way to do that.
I think that Tom will be able to figure out how to do that.
I think that Tom will be able to help Mary do that tomorrow.
I think that Tom will be able to help Mary do that.
I think that Tom will be able to help Mary tomorrow.
I think that Tom will be able to help Mary.
I think that Tom will be able to help us do that next week.
I think that Tom will be able to help us do that.
I think that Tom will be able to help us figure this out.
I think that Tom will be able to help us next week.
I think that Tom will be able to help us.
I think that Tom will be able to help.
I think that Tom will be able to solve the problem.
I think that Tom will be able to understand that.
I think that Tom will be able to win tomorrow.
I think that Tom will be able to win.
I think that Tom will be absent.
I think that Tom will be afraid.
I think that Tom will be all right.
I think that Tom will be alone.
I think that Tom will be amused by what's going on.
I think that Tom will be angry.
I think that Tom will be annoyed.
I think that Tom will be at home tomorrow.
I think that Tom will be awake by the time I get there.
I think that Tom will be awake by the time breakfast is served.
I think that Tom will be back soon.
I think that Tom will be back.
I think that Tom will be bored.
I think that Tom will be busy tomorrow afternoon.
I think that Tom will be busy tomorrow morning.
I think that Tom will be careful.
I think that Tom will be careless.
I think that Tom will be cold.
I think that Tom will be coming back next week.
I think that Tom will be coming later.
I think that Tom will be confused.
I think that Tom will be cooperative.
I think that Tom will be desperate to do that.
I think that Tom will be difficult to get along with.
I think that Tom will be discouraged.
I think that Tom will be displeased.
I think that Tom will be doing that again today.
I think that Tom will be doing that again.
I think that Tom will be doing that by himself.
I think that Tom will be doing that on Monday.
I think that Tom will be doing that on October 20th.
I think that Tom will be doing that soon.
I think that Tom will be doing that this afternoon.
I think that Tom will be doing that with Mary.
I think that Tom will be doing that.
I think that Tom will be drunk by the time we get there.
I think that Tom will be early.
I think that Tom will be embarrassed if that happens.
I think that Tom will be excited.
I think that Tom will be exhausted when he gets home.
I think that Tom will be fine.
I think that Tom will be finished doing that by 2:30.
I think that Tom will be fired.
I think that Tom will be first.
I think that Tom will be forgiven for doing that.
I think that Tom will be freaked out by that.
I think that Tom will be frightened.
I think that Tom will be furious.
I think that Tom will be glad that that's going to happen.
I think that Tom will be glad that's going to happen.
I think that Tom will be glad to see you.
I think that Tom will be gone by the time we get there.
I think that Tom will be happy to see you.
I think that Tom will be happy with the results.
I think that Tom will be heartbroken.
I think that Tom will be here before long.
I think that Tom will be here by 2:30.
I think that Tom will be here later.
I think that Tom will be here on Monday.
I think that Tom will be here on October 20th.
I think that Tom will be here tomorrow.
I think that Tom will be hesitant to do that.
I think that Tom will be hungry when he gets home.
I think that Tom will be impressed.
I think that Tom will be in Australia next spring.
I think that Tom will be in Australia next week.
I think that Tom will be in Boston next week.
I think that Tom will be in Boston next winter.
I think that Tom will be in his office on Monday.
I think that Tom will be in his office on October 20th.
I think that Tom will be in his office this afternoon.
I think that Tom will be interested in doing that.
I think that Tom will be interested.
I think that Tom will be jealous.
I think that Tom will be last.
I think that Tom will be late.
I think that Tom will be lonely.
I think that Tom will be motivated to do that.
I think that Tom will be nervous doing that.
I think that Tom will be nervous.
I think that Tom will be obedient.
I think that Tom will be on the same plane as me.
I think that Tom will be present at today's meeting.
I think that Tom will be pretty mad when he finds out that the painting he bought is a fake.
I think that Tom will be punctual.
I think that Tom will be ready.
I think that Tom will be reasonable.
I think that Tom will be reluctant to do that.
I think that Tom will be scared.
I think that Tom will be staying in Australia until Monday.
I think that Tom will be staying in Boston until Monday.
I think that Tom will be stubborn.
I think that Tom will be surprised if that happens.
I think that Tom will be surprised when that happens.
I think that Tom will be surprised.
I think that Tom will be suspended.
I think that Tom will be suspicious.
I think that Tom will be sympathetic.
I think that Tom will be tempted to do that.
I think that Tom will be the first one to do that.
I think that Tom will be the last one to do that.
I think that Tom will be the next one to do that.
I think that Tom will be through doing that by now.
I think that Tom will be tired when he gets home.
I think that Tom will be truthful.
I think that Tom will be unenthusiastic about that.
I think that Tom will be unimpressed.
I think that Tom will be upset.
I think that Tom will be well prepared.
I think that Tom will be worried.
I think that Tom will call Mary.
I think that Tom will call you.
I think that Tom will come again.
I think that Tom will come back to Australia.
I think that Tom will come back to Boston.
I think that Tom will come back.
I think that Tom will come to Australia on Monday.
I think that Tom will come to Boston on Monday.
I think that Tom will come to Boston on October 20th.
I think that Tom will come, but I'm not sure.
I think that Tom will come, but it's hard to say for sure.
I think that Tom will come.
I think that Tom will confess.
I think that Tom will cry.
I think that Tom will do OK.
I think that Tom will do a very good job.
I think that Tom will do as he's told.
I think that Tom will do great.
I think that Tom will do his best.
I think that Tom will do something drastic.
I think that Tom will do that again.
I think that Tom will do that as well.
I think that Tom will do that at about 2:30.
I think that Tom will do that for Mary.
I think that Tom will do that for me.
I think that Tom will do that for us.
I think that Tom will do that in Australia next week.
I think that Tom will do that in Boston next week.
I think that Tom will do that later.
I think that Tom will do that next week.
I think that Tom will do that sometime today.
I think that Tom will do that soon.
I think that Tom will do that today.
I think that Tom will do that tomorrow.
I think that Tom will do that with Mary.
I think that Tom will do that, but I'm not sure.
I think that Tom will do that, too.
I think that Tom will do that.
I think that Tom will do that. Mary thinks so, too.
I think that Tom will do the same thing he did yesterday.
I think that Tom will do well.
I think that Tom will do what's right.
I think that Tom will drive me to the airport.
I think that Tom will eat later.
I think that Tom will eat steak and potatoes for dinner.
I think that Tom will enjoy doing that.
I think that Tom will enjoy this.
I think that Tom will eventually give up and ask Mary to do that for him.
I think that Tom will eventually give up and let somebody else do that.
I think that Tom will eventually give up and let someone else do it.
I think that Tom will eventually give up and let someone else do that.
I think that Tom will eventually learn how to do that.
I think that Tom will eventually learn to do that.
I think that Tom will fail his driving test.
I think that Tom will follow your advice.
I think that Tom will forget to do that.
I think that Tom will get fired.
I think that Tom will get here soon.
I think that Tom will get home at about 2:30.
I think that Tom will give you permission to do that.
I think that Tom will go there tomorrow.
I think that Tom will go to Australia next summer.
I think that Tom will go to Australia next week.
I think that Tom will go to Australia.
I think that Tom will go to Boston next summer.
I think that Tom will go to Boston next week.
I think that Tom will go to Boston.
I think that Tom will have a hard time doing that.
I think that Tom will have to help Mary.
I think that Tom will have to help me.
I think that Tom will help me do that.
I think that Tom will help us.
I think that Tom will leave the day after tomorrow.
I think that Tom will let us do that.
I think that Tom will let us win.
I think that Tom will like it here.
I think that Tom will like it.
I think that Tom will like that.
I think that Tom will like the present you bought for him.
I think that Tom will like the presents you bought for him.
I think that Tom will like this game.
I think that Tom will like this gift.
I think that Tom will like this wine.
I think that Tom will like this.
I think that Tom will likely be able to do that.
I think that Tom will likely be home on Monday.
I think that Tom will likely be home on October 20th.
I think that Tom will likely be there tonight.
I think that Tom will likely do that later.
I think that Tom will likely do that.
I think that Tom will likely give you permission to do that.
I think that Tom will likely know how to do that.
I think that Tom will likely leave tomorrow.
I think that Tom will likely like this movie.
I think that Tom will likely not know how to do that.
I think that Tom will likely spend the rest of his life behind bars.
I think that Tom will likely spend the rest of his life in prison.
I think that Tom will likely win.
I think that Tom will listen to me.
I think that Tom will listen.
I think that Tom will lose.
I think that Tom will love it.
I think that Tom will love this book.
I think that Tom will make breakfast for us.
I think that Tom will make breakfast.
I think that Tom will make us breakfast.
I think that Tom will never be famous.
I think that Tom will never become famous.
I think that Tom will never do that again.
I think that Tom will never do what we requested.
I think that Tom will no longer do that.
I think that Tom will order a hamburger.
I think that Tom will pass his driver's test.
I think that Tom will permit us to do that.
I think that Tom will play a very active role.
I think that Tom will probably be able to do that.
I think that Tom will probably be home on Monday.
I think that Tom will probably be home on October 20th.
I think that Tom will probably be late.
I think that Tom will probably be there tonight.
I think that Tom will probably cry later.
I think that Tom will probably cry.
I think that Tom will probably do that later.
I think that Tom will probably do that.
I think that Tom will probably know how to do that.
I think that Tom will probably leave tomorrow.
I think that Tom will probably like this movie.
I think that Tom will probably remember you.
I think that Tom will probably win.
I think that Tom will propose to me.
I think that Tom will propose to you tonight.
I think that Tom will refuse to do that.
I think that Tom will resign.
I think that Tom will return soon.
I think that Tom will stay away.
I think that Tom will stay in Australia all summer.
I think that Tom will stay in Boston all summer.
I think that Tom will stay.
I think that Tom will swim.
I think that Tom will talk to Mary.
I think that Tom will tell you the truth.
I think that Tom will tell you.
I think that Tom will thank me when he's older.
I think that Tom will try to do that.
I think that Tom will try to escape.
I think that Tom will try to kill Mary.
I think that Tom will very likely be at today's meeting.
I think that Tom will very likely do that.
I think that Tom will very likely not be here tomorrow.
I think that Tom will very likely win.
I think that Tom will visit Australia.
I think that Tom will visit Boston.
I think that Tom will wait for you.
I think that Tom will wait until at least 2:30.
I think that Tom will wait until tomorrow to do that.
I think that Tom will wait.
I think that Tom will want to see this.
I think that Tom will want to sit down.
I think that Tom will want to talk to Mary about that.
I think that Tom will win the race.
I think that Tom will win.
I think that Tom won the election.
I think that Tom won't accomplish anything.
I think that Tom won't agree to do that.
I think that Tom won't ask me to do that.
I think that Tom won't be able to catch up with Mary.
I think that Tom won't be able to do that very well.
I think that Tom won't be able to do that without some help.
I think that Tom won't be able to do that.
I think that Tom won't be able to understand that.
I think that Tom won't be able to win.
I think that Tom won't be absent.
I think that Tom won't be afraid.
I think that Tom won't be alone.
I think that Tom won't be amused by what's going on.
I think that Tom won't be as angry as you think he'll be.
I think that Tom won't be as mad as you think he'll be.
I think that Tom won't be at home tomorrow morning.
I think that Tom won't be at today's meeting.
I think that Tom won't be awake now.
I think that Tom won't be awake when I get home.
I think that Tom won't be back soon.
I think that Tom won't be busy this afternoon.
I think that Tom won't be busy this evening.
I think that Tom won't be cold.
I think that Tom won't be confused.
I think that Tom won't be cooperative.
I think that Tom won't be difficult to get along with.
I think that Tom won't be doing that anymore.
I think that Tom won't be doing that anytime soon.
I think that Tom won't be doing that before Monday.
I think that Tom won't be doing that.
I think that Tom won't be drunk.
I think that Tom won't be early.
I think that Tom won't be embarrassed.
I think that Tom won't be finished doing that by 2:30.
I think that Tom won't be frightened by that.
I think that Tom won't be gone by the time we get there.
I think that Tom won't be here much longer.
I think that Tom won't be here today.
I think that Tom won't be here tomorrow.
I think that Tom won't be here until much later.
I think that Tom won't be hesitant to do that.
I think that Tom won't be home at this time of day.
I think that Tom won't be home on Monday.
I think that Tom won't be home on October 20th.
I think that Tom won't be impressed.
I think that Tom won't be in Australia very long.
I think that Tom won't be in Boston very long.
I think that Tom won't be in his office this afternoon.
I think that Tom won't be interested in buying any of these books.
I think that Tom won't be interested in doing that.
I think that Tom won't be interested.
I think that Tom won't be jealous.
I think that Tom won't be last.
I think that Tom won't be late.
I think that Tom won't be lonely.
I think that Tom won't be motivated to do that.
I think that Tom won't be nervous doing that.
I think that Tom won't be nervous.
I think that Tom won't be present at today's meeting.
I think that Tom won't be punctual.
I think that Tom won't be ready to do that.
I think that Tom won't be ready.
I think that Tom won't be reluctant to do that.
I think that Tom won't be scared.
I think that Tom won't be surprised.
I think that Tom won't be tempted to do that.
I think that Tom won't be the first one to do that.
I think that Tom won't be the last one to do that.
I think that Tom won't be the next one to do that.
I think that Tom won't be through doing that by 2:30.
I think that Tom won't be worried.
I think that Tom won't come to Australia with me.
I think that Tom won't come to our party.
I think that Tom won't come tomorrow.
I think that Tom won't come.
I think that Tom won't cry.
I think that Tom won't do it again.
I think that Tom won't do that again.
I think that Tom won't do that anymore.
I think that Tom won't do that anytime soon.
I think that Tom won't do that next week.
I think that Tom won't do that today.
I think that Tom won't do that tomorrow.
I think that Tom won't do that with Mary.
I think that Tom won't do that, either.
I think that Tom won't do that.
I think that Tom won't fail the examination.
I think that Tom won't forget that.
I think that Tom won't forget to do that.
I think that Tom won't get bored.
I think that Tom won't go swimming with us tomorrow.
I think that Tom won't go to Australia with Mary.
I think that Tom won't go to Boston with Mary.
I think that Tom won't go.
I think that Tom won't know that either.
I think that Tom won't lie to us anymore.
I think that Tom won't make me do that.
I think that Tom won't mind if we're a little late.
I think that Tom won't refuse to do that.
I think that Tom won't resign.
I think that Tom won't stop crying anytime soon.
I think that Tom won't stop doing that anytime soon.
I think that Tom won't try to do that.
I think that Tom won't visit Australia anytime soon.
I think that Tom won't visit Boston anytime soon.
I think that Tom won't wait much longer.
I think that Tom won't win.
I think that Tom won.
I think that Tom works at night.
I think that Tom works in this office.
I think that Tom works much harder than Mary.
I think that Tom works the night shift.
I think that Tom worries too much.
I think that Tom would agree to do that.
I think that Tom would agree with me.
I think that Tom would allow Mary to do that on her own if she were a little older.
I think that Tom would be a good babysitter.
I think that Tom would be a good name for our son.
I think that Tom would be a good name.
I think that Tom would be a good neighbor.
I think that Tom would be a good person to have on our side.
I think that Tom would be a good roommate.
I think that Tom would be a really good coach.
I think that Tom would be able to convince Mary to stop doing that.
I think that Tom would be able to do that if he put his mind to it.
I think that Tom would be able to do that if he really needed to.
I think that Tom would be able to do that if he really put his mind to it.
I think that Tom would be able to do that if he really wanted to.
I think that Tom would be able to do that if you helped him.
I think that Tom would be able to do that.
I think that Tom would be able to fix your computer.
I think that Tom would be afraid of your dog.
I think that Tom would be afraid to do that.
I think that Tom would be amused by what's going on.
I think that Tom would be angry if you did that.
I think that Tom would be angry.
I think that Tom would be annoyed by this.
I think that Tom would be annoyed if you did that.
I think that Tom would be astonished.
I think that Tom would be available.
I think that Tom would be better at doing that than Mary is.
I think that Tom would be better at doing that than Mary.
I think that Tom would be biased.
I think that Tom would be bored.
I think that Tom would be confused if you explain it to him that way.
I think that Tom would be cooperative.
I think that Tom would be curious.
I think that Tom would be devastated.
I think that Tom would be disappointed if that were to happen.
I think that Tom would be discouraged.
I think that Tom would be disgusted.
I think that Tom would be displeased.
I think that Tom would be distressed.
I think that Tom would be doing that if he knew how.
I think that Tom would be doing that now if he knew how.
I think that Tom would be doing that, too, if he knew how.
I think that Tom would be embarrassed if he did something like that.
I think that Tom would be embarrassed if that happened.
I think that Tom would be excused from doing that.
I think that Tom would be fair.
I think that Tom would be fascinated by that.
I think that Tom would be faster at doing that than Mary.
I think that Tom would be forgiven for doing that.
I think that Tom would be forgiven if he did that.
I think that Tom would be frightened.
I think that Tom would be furious.
I think that Tom would be glad if that happened.
I think that Tom would be happier if he did that.
I think that Tom would be happy if you did that.
I think that Tom would be happy to do that.
I think that Tom would be hesitant to do that.
I think that Tom would be horrified.
I think that Tom would be impressed by this painting.
I think that Tom would be impressed.
I think that Tom would be interested in doing that.
I think that Tom would be interested.
I think that Tom would be irritated.
I think that Tom would be jealous.
I think that Tom would be lonely if he went camping by himself.
I think that Tom would be mad if you did that.
I think that Tom would be miserable here.
I think that Tom would be motivated to do that.
I think that Tom would be nervous.
I think that Tom would be obedient.
I think that Tom would be objective.
I think that Tom would be offended.
I think that Tom would be pleased.
I think that Tom would be prepared.
I think that Tom would be quicker at doing that than Mary.
I think that Tom would be reasonable.
I think that Tom would be reluctant to do that.
I think that Tom would be safe if he stayed here.
I think that Tom would be scared.
I think that Tom would be self-conscious.
I think that Tom would be sensible about that.
I think that Tom would be skeptical.
I think that Tom would be supportive.
I think that Tom would be surprised if that happened.
I think that Tom would be surprised.
I think that Tom would be suspicious.
I think that Tom would be sympathetic.
I think that Tom would be tempted to do that.
I think that Tom would be terrified.
I think that Tom would be thrilled.
I think that Tom would be truthful.
I think that Tom would be undependable.
I think that Tom would be unenthusiastic about that.
I think that Tom would be unfazed by that.
I think that Tom would be unimpressed.
I think that Tom would be upset if I did that.
I think that Tom would be willing to do that.
I think that Tom would be willing to go with us.
I think that Tom would be worried if Mary didn't get home by 2:30 in the morning.
I think that Tom would disagree.
I think that Tom would do anything to get what he thinks he needs.
I think that Tom would do anything to get what he wants.
I think that Tom would do anything to make Mary happy.
I think that Tom would do practically anything to get Mary back.
I think that Tom would do that for you if you asked him to.
I think that Tom would do that for you.
I think that Tom would do that if you asked him to.
I think that Tom would do that.
I think that Tom would enjoy doing that.
I think that Tom would get bored if you showed him all your photos.
I think that Tom would get here early if you asked him to.
I think that Tom would go to Australia with you if you asked him to.
I think that Tom would go to Boston with you if you asked him to.
I think that Tom would hate to do that.
I think that Tom would have fun doing that.
I think that Tom would have liked that.
I think that Tom would have to do that.
I think that Tom would know the answer to that question.
I think that Tom would leave if you asked him to.
I think that Tom would like Mary to do that for John.
I think that Tom would like Mary to do that for him.
I think that Tom would like doing that.
I think that Tom would like nothing better than to do that.
I think that Tom would like that.
I think that Tom would like the way you decorated this room.
I think that Tom would like to be able to speak French.
I think that Tom would like to be alone.
I think that Tom would like to be at home.
I think that Tom would like to be cooperative.
I think that Tom would like to be finished doing that before Monday evening.
I think that Tom would like to be forgiven.
I think that Tom would like to be in Australia now.
I think that Tom would like to be in Boston now.
I think that Tom would like to be outside playing with the other children.
I think that Tom would like to be present at today's meeting.
I think that Tom would like to be ready when that happens.
I think that Tom would like to be the first one to do that.
I think that Tom would like to be the last one to do that.
I think that Tom would like to be the next one to do that.
I think that Tom would like to do that again.
I think that Tom would like to do that.
I think that Tom would like to hear about this.
I think that Tom would like to know if you aren't planning to do that.
I think that Tom would like to know that you aren't planning to do that.
I think that Tom would like to know that you're planning to do that.
I think that Tom would like to know what you're doing.
I think that Tom would like to live in Australia.
I think that Tom would like to live in Boston.
I think that Tom would like to quit his job.
I think that Tom would like to retire.
I think that Tom would like you to do that for Mary.
I think that Tom would like you to do that for him.
I think that Tom would likely do that for you if you asked him politely.
I think that Tom would listen to you.
I think that Tom would love that.
I think that Tom would make a good teacher.
I think that Tom would need to do that.
I think that Tom would probably be a good roommate.
I think that Tom would probably be happy to buy that for you.
I think that Tom would probably be happy to do that for you.
I think that Tom would probably disagree with you.
I think that Tom would probably do that.
I think that Tom would rather be doing something else.
I think that Tom would rather be playing tennis.
I think that Tom would rather be spending time with someone else.
I think that Tom would refuse to do that.
I think that Tom would regret doing that.
I think that Tom would say yes.
I think that Tom would tell the truth.
I think that Tom would try to do that.
I think that Tom would want to do that.
I think that Tom would want to know why.
I think that Tom would've been here today if he'd known Mary was going to be here.
I think that Tom would've come if you'd invited him.
I think that Tom would've disagreed.
I think that Tom would've done that.
I think that Tom would've done the same thing.
I think that Tom would've enjoyed tonight's concert.
I think that Tom would've helped us if he'd been here.
I think that Tom would've helped us if he'd been there.
I think that Tom would've killed me.
I think that Tom would've liked that.
I think that Tom would've liked to be here today.
I think that Tom would've noticed if anything were missing.
I think that Tom would've permitted you to do that if you'd asked him for permission.
I think that Tom would've stayed longer if he could've.
I think that Tom wouldn't actually eat that.
I think that Tom wouldn't agree to do that.
I think that Tom wouldn't be absent if he knew how important this meeting was.
I think that Tom wouldn't be amused by what's going on.
I think that Tom wouldn't be as frightened as Mary would be.
I think that Tom wouldn't be better at doing that than Mary.
I think that Tom wouldn't be bored by something like that.
I think that Tom wouldn't be confused if you'd explained it better.
I think that Tom wouldn't be discouraged by these results.
I think that Tom wouldn't be enthusiastic about that.
I think that Tom wouldn't be exhausted all the time if he'd get more sleep.
I think that Tom wouldn't be forgiven for doing that if he weren't so young.
I think that Tom wouldn't be grouchy all the time if he'd get more sleep.
I think that Tom wouldn't be happy here.
I think that Tom wouldn't be happy if you did that.
I think that Tom wouldn't be here if he didn't think he could help us.
I think that Tom wouldn't be hesitant to do that.
I think that Tom wouldn't be impressed by that.
I think that Tom wouldn't be impressed.
I think that Tom wouldn't be in Australia now.
I think that Tom wouldn't be in Boston now.
I think that Tom wouldn't be interested in doing that.
I think that Tom wouldn't be interested in something like that.
I think that Tom wouldn't be interested.
I think that Tom wouldn't be lonely if Mary were here.
I think that Tom wouldn't be motivated to do that.
I think that Tom wouldn't be nervous at a time like this.
I think that Tom wouldn't be pleased by that.
I think that Tom wouldn't be ready if you got there before 2:30.
I think that Tom wouldn't be reluctant to do that.
I think that Tom wouldn't be scared.
I think that Tom wouldn't be so grouchy all the time if he'd get more sleep.
I think that Tom wouldn't be so grumpy all the time if he'd get more sleep.
I think that Tom wouldn't be surprised.
I think that Tom wouldn't be suspicious.
I think that Tom wouldn't be sympathetic.
I think that Tom wouldn't be tempted to do that.
I think that Tom wouldn't be thrilled if he knew what was happening.
I think that Tom wouldn't be truthful.
I think that Tom wouldn't be upset by that.
I think that Tom wouldn't be willing to do that.
I think that Tom wouldn't do that.
I think that Tom wouldn't enjoy doing that.
I think that Tom wouldn't enjoy this movie.
I think that Tom wouldn't have been able to do that without Mary's help.
I think that Tom wouldn't have done that if Mary hadn't been there.
I think that Tom wouldn't have to do that.
I think that Tom wouldn't have told that joke if Mary hadn't been there.
I think that Tom wouldn't like doing that.
I think that Tom wouldn't like it if Mary did that.
I think that Tom wouldn't like to do that.
I think that Tom wouldn't likely to still be awake this late at night.
I think that Tom wouldn't mind.
I think that Tom wouldn't need to do that.
I think that Tom wouldn't refuse to do that.
I think that Tom wouldn't regret doing that.
I think that Tom wouldn't still be awake at this time of night.
I think that Tom wouldn't try to do that.
I think that Tom wouldn't understand that.
I think that Tom wouldn't wait that long for you.
I think that Tom wouldn't want to do that.
I think that Tom's French has improved a lot.
I think that Tom's days are numbered.
I think that Tom's days in this company are numbered.
I think that Tom's dog sensed that Tom was dying.
I think that Tom's father is a lawyer.
I think that Tom's grandmother is too old to be wearing a bikini.
I think that Tom's grandmother is too old to wear a miniskirt.
I think that Tom's homemade cookies are better than the ones Mary makes.
I think that Tom's idea is a good one.
I think that Tom's ill.
I think that Tom's interested in me.
I think that Tom's last name is Jackson.
I think that Tom's leg is broken.
I think that Tom's leg is much better now.
I think that Tom's losing his touch.
I think that Tom's luck is about to run out.
I think that Tom's number is unlisted.
I think that Tom's performance was outstanding.
I think that Tom's performance was very good.
I think that Tom's plan is a good one.
I think that Tom's plan is better than Mary's plan.
I think that Tom's plan is better than Mary's.
I think that Tom's plan will work.
I think that Tom's proposal is a good one.
I think that Tom's record speaks for itself.
I think that Tom's suggestion is a good one.
I think that Tom's suggestion is worth considering.
I think that Tom's temper impairs his judgment.
I think that Yanni has forty other ex-wives.
I think that Yanni has matured a little bit.
I think that Yanni knows.
I think that Yanni's dog understands Berber.
I think that Yanni's explanation is far-fetched.
I think that Yumi is sick.
I think that Zac ate an apple.
I think that Ziri is having a bad day.
I think that a lot of people will be there today.
I think that a lot of people will end up doing that.
I think that a lot of you have been taken advantage of.
I think that a man is watching our apartment.
I think that a minor adjustment is necessary.
I think that a new fruit drink will go over big during the summer.
I think that a priority for a step towards human space colonization is a research facility on Luna, in a scheme similar to the stations in the Antarctic today. If Luna would be doable, so sooner or later would be Mars, too.
I think that a thorough spelling reform of English is unworkable. Maybe, a total language replacement is necessary.
I think that about sums it up.
I think that accident could have been prevented.
I think that accident could've been prevented.
I think that actions are more important than words.
I think that actions speak louder than words.
I think that actress is one of the most beautiful women on earth.
I think that against somebody like that, my seemingly clever techniques would be seen through and then I would be defeated.
I think that all boys should learn how to wrestle.
I think that all of us could do that.
I think that all of us want to know what happened.
I think that all of us want to know why that happened.
I think that all the pieces are there.
I think that all the world's languages are very interesting.
I think that all three of us will be there tomorrow.
I think that although the transportation system in Japan is convenient, the cost of living there is not very low.
I think that an angel watches over me.
I think that anybody can do that.
I think that anyone can do that.
I think that anyone could do that.
I think that anything Tom can do, I can do.
I think that as long as I don't overeat, I will certainly lose weight.
I think that as long as I don't overeat, I'll certainly lose weight.
I think that as long as I don’t overeat, I will certainly lose weight.
I think that as long as you worry about profit and loss, it can't be called love.
I think that at that time none of us quite believed in the Time Machine.
I think that badminton is more fun than tennis.
I think that baseball is more popular than basketball.
I think that because he is a blunt person, many people do not like him.
I think that because the world demographics foretell a shifting to a much older population, it may help foster a global trend towards sustainability instead of expansionism. Such an outlook may affect phenomena like space colonization. If the population gets too old, would people still be motivated to colonize space?
I think that belief depends on good attitude.
I think that belongs to me.
I think that blood vessels are bursting in my lungs when I cough.
I think that book is in the library.
I think that book isn't so interesting.
I think that both Tom and Mary have died.
I think that both Tom and Mary have never been to Australia.
I think that both Tom and Mary have never been to Boston.
I think that both Tom and Mary want to do that.
I think that both Tom and Mary want to go to Australia.
I think that both Tom and Mary want to go to Boston.
I think that both Tom and Mary were born in Australia.
I think that both Tom and Mary were born in Boston.
I think that both he and I are too trusting.
I think that boy's name is Tom.
I think that buying a grand piano would be a waste of money.
I think that can be arranged.
I think that can be done.
I think that can be the case with a lot of things.
I think that car is Tom's.
I think that car is a little too small for you.
I think that car over there is Tom's.
I think that cat belongs to the neighbour who lives directly opposite on the other side of the road.
I think that cat belongs to the neighbour who lives just over the road.
I think that cat needs help.
I think that comma is in the wrong place.
I think that computers can help students use more effective study methods.
I think that could be a good thing.
I think that could be a lucrative deal.
I think that could be arranged.
I think that could change.
I think that could happen here.
I think that could happen in Australia, too.
I think that could happen in Boston, too.
I think that counts.
I think that creating a work of this kind in this particular way will cause more harm than benefit!
I think that cryptocurrencies are a scam.
I think that cultural exchanges are important.
I think that cute girls probably look cute no matter what they wear.
I think that decision should be made by Tom.
I think that didn't surprise Tom at all.
I think that dog is dangerous.
I think that dog might bite us if we get out of the car.
I think that doing that was wrong.
I think that doing that will take up most of my time.
I think that doing that would be a mistake.
I think that doing that would be fun.
I think that doing that would be good.
I think that doing that would be inappropriate.
I think that doing that would be wrong.
I think that doing that would help.
I think that doing that wouldn't be a good idea.
I think that doing would be a mistake.
I think that dolphins should not be kept in captivity.
I think that dreams aren't always false.
I think that dress looks good on you.
I think that even a child can do that.
I think that even a child could do that.
I think that eventually that's something that'll happen.
I think that everybody already knows that.
I think that everybody did really well.
I think that everybody has an idea of what Tom is capable of.
I think that everybody here knows Tom can't do that.
I think that everybody here knows that Tom can't do that.
I think that everybody knows that.
I think that everybody knows.
I think that everybody makes mistakes.
I think that everybody should see it.
I think that everybody trusts me.
I think that everybody wishes that.
I think that everybody would like to see that happen.
I think that everyone already knows that.
I think that everyone can do that.
I think that everyone did really well.
I think that everyone has an idea of what Tom is capable of.
I think that everyone has their own way of expressing love.
I think that everyone has to make efforts to save nature.
I think that everyone here knows Tom can't do that.
I think that everyone here knows that Tom can't do that.
I think that everyone is scared.
I think that everyone knows that.
I think that everyone makes mistakes.
I think that everyone should see it.
I think that everyone should study a foreign language.
I think that everyone trusts me.
I think that everyone wishes that.
I think that everyone would like to see that happen.
I think that everything is going well.
I think that everything will be OK.
I think that everything will be okay.
I think that everything's OK now.
I think that everything's fine for now.
I think that everything's fine now.
I think that fact is very important.
I think that few soldiers have defended the city.
I think that fixed it.
I think that for many people learning the trigonometric functions is meaningless.
I think that for too long we've been tied to prejudices.
I think that four towels is enough for one person.
I think that furries will be more widely accepted in the mainstream as time goes on.
I think that games like this are a waste of time.
I think that games such as Candy Crush are a waste of time.
I think that generally, North America is more bland than Asia or Europe.
I think that ghosts exist.
I think that girl cut her hair to give herself a new look.
I think that girl is a lesbian.
I think that girl was pretty when she was younger.
I think that girl's name is Mary.
I think that girls spend more time talking about boys than boys spend talking about girls.
I think that globalization has negative effects as well as positive.
I think that going to Boston would be a good idea.
I think that going to Boston would be fun.
I think that good advertising should sell a product without drawing attention to itself.
I think that guy is Tom.
I think that guy looks a bit like Tom.
I think that guy looks a little bit like Tom.
I think that guy looks a lot like Tom.
I think that guy looks like Tom.
I think that guys who can play piano are cool.
I think that happened.
I think that he has mumps.
I think that he is a good person.
I think that he is as he should be.
I think that he is at home at the moment.
I think that he is from Brazil.
I think that he is from China.
I think that he is from Egypt.
I think that he is from France.
I think that he is from Germany.
I think that he is from Italy.
I think that he is from Japan.
I think that he is from Russia.
I think that he is from the United States.
I think that he is handsome.
I think that he is honest.
I think that he is in the right in this dispute.
I think that he is kind.
I think that he is laughing at me.
I think that he is right.
I think that he is sick.
I think that he is still too young.
I think that he is too young.
I think that he looks better with a beard.
I think that he might miss the train.
I think that he repaid the money.
I think that he wants to buy a new dictionary.
I think that he wants to succeed.
I think that he will definitely become a teacher.
I think that he will return soon.
I think that he will succeed.
I think that he won't come.
I think that he's a good teacher.
I think that he's a serious and reliable person.
I think that he's an idiot.
I think that he's from Italy.
I think that he's hiding something.
I think that he's not looking for a long term relationship.
I think that he's probably not a bad boy.
I think that he's right.
I think that he's the world's most courageous fire fighter.
I think that he's trying to impress the girl who lives next door.
I think that he's wrong.
I think that he, though not a fascist properly speaking, is nostalgic for fascism.
I think that helped a lot.
I think that helped me.
I think that helps me.
I think that helps.
I think that her boyfriend is Greek.
I think that her brain is already pink.
I think that he’s probably not a bad boy.
I think that his novel is boring.
I think that his proposal deserves some thinking.
I think that his uncle is a decrepit old man.
I think that honesty is the best policy.
I think that hotel is going to be a little pricey for you.
I think that house is a little too small for your family.
I think that house looks really ugly and not pretty.
I think that human space colonization would be much slower paced than what some Westerners envision. Humans still don't really have the proper technologies.
I think that if Jesus was black, the Bible would have said so.
I think that if one does not know French, one cannot write good English.
I think that if some women don't believe in the future, they shouldn't have children.
I think that if you like him, you should go talk with him.
I think that if you tried to do that, you could.
I think that in Algeria, any dream can come true.
I think that in difficult times, you're allowed to cry as much as you want.
I think that in the West, the first musical notation was invented by monks.
I think that is a big mistake.
I think that is all.
I think that is based on a lack of mutual understanding.
I think that is his goal.
I think that is his trademark.
I think that is quite a nice name.
I think that is the right decision.
I think that is wrong.
I think that isn't going to happen.
I think that isn't mine.
I think that isn't true.
I think that it all has been worth it.
I think that it can be done.
I think that it could use some salt.
I think that it definitely helped.
I think that it doesn't make any difference.
I think that it fits you well.
I think that it helps.
I think that it is best to not be impolite.
I think that it is complicated.
I think that it is impossible to master a foreign language by self-learning.
I think that it is really sad that someone could do that for money.
I think that it is the right time to introduce the product.
I think that it is too big.
I think that it is true what my Uncle Boy said that food tastes better depending on the language spoken.
I think that it isn't going to be that hard.
I think that it isn't necessary to do that.
I think that it likely that there was a major fault in the lookout.
I think that it matters.
I think that it means a lot to Tom.
I think that it might be a bug.
I think that it might be a glitch.
I think that it might be dangerous for Tom and I to do that by ourselves.
I think that it might be dangerous for Tom and I to go skin diving by ourselves.
I think that it might be dangerous for Tom and me to go skin diving by ourselves.
I think that it might be difficult to do that.
I think that it might be hard to do that.
I think that it might rain tonight.
I think that it might rain.
I think that it might snow tonight.
I think that it must've been Tom who sent Mary that note.
I think that it tastes good.
I think that it was Fadil who may have done this.
I think that it was Sami who may have done this.
I think that it was Tom I saw getting on the bus.
I think that it was Tom that I saw getting on the bus.
I think that it was Tom who did that.
I think that it was Tom who did this.
I think that it was Tom who said that.
I think that it was Tom who told Mary to do that.
I think that it was Tom who told Mary.
I think that it was Tom who volunteered to do that.
I think that it was Tom who wanted to do that.
I think that it was Tom's mistake.
I think that it was a lot of fun, indeed!
I think that it was appropriate.
I think that it was fair.
I think that it was his mistake.
I think that it was just an anomaly.
I think that it was probably Friday of last week.
I think that it was probably last Friday.
I think that it was strange that Tom didn't say anything.
I think that it was the right thing to do.
I think that it was unfair.
I think that it will become harder and harder to make new sentences.
I think that it won't be easy to do that.
I think that it won't even be a topic.
I think that it won't rain this afternoon.
I think that it works.
I think that it would be a good idea for you to do that.
I think that it would be a good idea for you to go to Australia with Tom.
I think that it would be a good idea for you to go to Boston with Tom.
I think that it would be a good idea for you to learn French.
I think that it would be a good idea for you to study French.
I think that it would be better for you stay home.
I think that it would be better if we didn't do that today.
I think that it would be better if we waited until tomorrow to do that.
I think that it would be better if you hurried.
I think that it would be better to do this some other way.
I think that it would be fun to do that.
I think that it would be great to have Tom back on the team.
I think that it would be inconvenient to live in a city with no door.
I think that it would be interesting.
I think that it would be really good for you to do that.
I think that it wouldn't be fun to do that.
I think that it wouldn't have happened if Tom had been there with us.
I think that it'd be better if you didn't do that.
I think that it'd be better if you didn't go drinking with Tom tonight.
I think that it'll be OK.
I think that it'll be a busy winter.
I think that it'll be a good game.
I think that it'll be a nice thing.
I think that it'll be easy to do the job.
I think that it'll be fine.
I think that it'll be fun to do that.
I think that it'll be good for Tom.
I think that it'll be hot today.
I think that it'll be hot tomorrow.
I think that it'll be interesting to see how much Tom can sell that painting for.
I think that it'll be possible to get this ink stain out.
I think that it'll be worth the wait.
I think that it'll clear up.
I think that it'll happen eventually.
I think that it'll happen sooner than you think.
I think that it'll haunt me forever.
I think that it'll just get better.
I think that it'll make a difference.
I think that it'll rain tomorrow.
I think that it'll rain.
I think that it'll snow tonight.
I think that it'll start raining soon.
I think that it'll taste better if you add a little salt and pepper.
I think that it'll turn out differently this time.
I think that it's OK.
I think that it's Tom.
I think that it's a beautiful place.
I think that it's a big deal.
I think that it's a challenge.
I think that it's a cool idea.
I think that it's a fir tree.
I think that it's a good idea myself.
I think that it's a good idea.
I think that it's a great chance for us.
I think that it's a great compromise.
I think that it's a healthy debate.
I think that it's a lot better in Australia.
I think that it's a lot better in Boston.
I think that it's a massive problem.
I think that it's a permanent change.
I think that it's a possibility.
I think that it's a risk that anyone would've taken.
I think that it's about time I had a serious talk with Tom.
I think that it's about time that I had a serious talk with Tom.
I think that it's about time to go.
I think that it's absolutely essential.
I think that it's all been worth it.
I think that it's all right now.
I think that it's an important event.
I think that it's best not to be impolite.
I think that it's best to move on now.
I think that it's broken.
I think that it's clearly justified.
I think that it's completely understandable if she turns down his offer.
I think that it's dangerous for children to do that.
I think that it's dangerous to do that.
I think that it's dangerous to go walking alone at night.
I think that it's dangerous to swim in that river.
I think that it's definitely a game changer.
I think that it's deliberate.
I think that it's fantastic.
I think that it's getting better.
I think that it's going to be a busy week.
I think that it's going to be a good day.
I think that it's going to be a good year.
I think that it's going to be a nice day.
I think that it's going to be difficult to find a good place to live Boston.
I think that it's going to be hard to find a good place to live Boston.
I think that it's going to be very difficult.
I think that it's going to rain soon.
I think that it's going to rain.
I think that it's going to work.
I think that it's going well.
I think that it's good and bad that throughout my life I will not be able to forget that event.
I think that it's good for everybody.
I think that it's good for everyone.
I think that it's great that you're able to do that.
I think that it's highly unlikely Tom will drink any beer.
I think that it's highly unlikely Tom will ever be satisfied.
I think that it's highly unlikely Tom will ever face criminal charges.
I think that it's highly unlikely Tom will get custody of the kids.
I think that it's highly unlikely Tom will go bowling.
I think that it's highly unlikely Tom will show up today.
I think that it's highly unlikely Tom will take Mary to the party.
I think that it's highly unlikely Tom will write back.
I think that it's highly unlikely that Tom will drink any beer.
I think that it's highly unlikely that Tom will ever be satisfied.
I think that it's highly unlikely that Tom will ever face criminal charges.
I think that it's highly unlikely that Tom will get custody of the kids.
I think that it's highly unlikely that Tom will go bowling.
I think that it's highly unlikely that Tom will show up today.
I think that it's highly unlikely that Tom will swim.
I think that it's highly unlikely that Tom will take Mary to the party.
I think that it's highly unlikely that Tom will write back.
I think that it's important that we finish doing this before Monday.
I think that it's important to realize that may not happen.
I think that it's important to realize that that may not happen.
I think that it's important to tell the truth.
I think that it's important to understand that may not happen.
I think that it's important to understand that that may not happen.
I think that it's important we finish doing this before Monday.
I think that it's impossible for us to do that today.
I think that it's inevitable now.
I think that it's intended.
I think that it's kind of crazy.
I think that it's likely to rain.
I think that it's more important to discuss possible solutions.
I think that it's much better now.
I think that it's nice, too.
I think that it's not clear what exactly we should do.
I think that it's not going to be that hard.
I think that it's not necessary to do that.
I think that it's not proper to do that.
I think that it's odd.
I think that it's over now.
I think that it's over.
I think that it's personal.
I think that it's possible that there's nothing we can do.
I think that it's possible.
I think that it's pretty fantastic.
I think that it's pretty good.
I think that it's raining.
I think that it's really important for you to go to Australia.
I think that it's really important for you to go to Boston.
I think that it's really important that we do that today.
I think that it's really important that we do that.
I think that it's really important we do that today.
I think that it's really important we do that.
I think that it's really nice what you're doing.
I think that it's sensible.
I think that it's still too early to tell.
I think that it's strange.
I think that it's the right thing to do.
I think that it's time I left.
I think that it's time for Tom to go.
I think that it's time for Tom to leave.
I think that it's time for a beer.
I think that it's time for a drink.
I think that it's time for me to abandon that idea.
I think that it's time for me to abandon that plan.
I think that it's time for me to accept responsibility for that problem.
I think that it's time for me to buy my son a car.
I think that it's time for me to change jobs.
I think that it's time for me to confront that problem.
I think that it's time for me to get a dog.
I think that it's time for me to get a new email address.
I think that it's time for me to go back to work.
I think that it's time for me to go.
I think that it's time for me to leave.
I think that it's time for me to make some new friends.
I think that it's time for me to move on.
I think that it's time for me to reconsider how I've been living.
I think that it's time for me to return to Australia.
I think that it's time for me to say goodbye.
I think that it's time for me to say what I really think.
I think that it's time for me to shove off.
I think that it's time for me to speak up.
I think that it's time for me to study.
I think that it's time for me to wash my car.
I think that it's time for us to buy a larger house.
I think that it's time for us to buy a new car.
I think that it's time for us to change the subject.
I think that it's time for us to go home.
I think that it's time for us to go.
I think that it's time for us to tell Tom the truth.
I think that it's time for you to come back home.
I think that it's time for you to come home.
I think that it's time for you to go.
I think that it's time to come clean.
I think that it's time to get out of here.
I think that it's time to give up.
I think that it's time to go home.
I think that it's time to go.
I think that it's time to make some changes.
I think that it's time to take a break.
I think that it's time to wake Tom up.
I think that it's time we got out of here.
I think that it's time we left.
I think that it's time we made some changes.
I think that it's time you went.
I think that it's too big.
I think that it's too early to do that.
I think that it's too early to go home.
I think that it's too late to sing now.
I think that it's too soon to judge.
I think that it's true.
I think that it's unlikely I'll be able to pass my driving test.
I think that it's unlikely Tom will ask Mary to do that.
I think that it's unlikely Tom will be able to do that.
I think that it's unlikely Tom will be arrested.
I think that it's unlikely Tom will come to the party alone.
I think that it's unlikely Tom will ever do that.
I think that it's unlikely Tom will get back in time for supper.
I think that it's unlikely Tom will get elected.
I think that it's unlikely Tom will marry Mary.
I think that it's unlikely Tom would ever move.
I think that it's unlikely that I'll be able to pass my driving test.
I think that it's unlikely that Tom will ask Mary to do that.
I think that it's unlikely that Tom will be able to do that.
I think that it's unlikely that Tom will be arrested.
I think that it's unlikely that Tom will come to the party alone.
I think that it's unlikely that Tom will ever do that.
I think that it's unlikely that Tom will get back in time for supper.
I think that it's unlikely that Tom will get elected.
I think that it's unlikely that Tom will marry Mary.
I think that it's unlikely that Tom would ever move.
I think that it's upside down.
I think that it's very clear what's going on here.
I think that it's very important for children to have something to do.
I think that it's very nice.
I think that it's very obvious what'll happen if we do that.
I think that it's very obvious what'll happen.
I think that it's very obvious what's going to happen if we do that.
I think that it's very obvious what's going to happen.
I think that it's very unlikely that Tom will go bowling.
I think that it's way too early to do that.
I think that it's way too late to do that.
I think that it's working.
I think that it's worth a try.
I think that it's wrong.
I think that it's you.
I think that it’s completely understandable if she turns down his offer.
I think that it’s dangerous to go walking alone at night.
I think that it’s going to rain soon.
I think that it’s possible.
I think that it’s too big.
I think that it’s true.
I think that it’s you.
I think that jacket would fit me.
I think that jersey suits you.
I think that knowledge without common sense counts for nothing.
I think that learning colloquial and slang levels of a language is a waste of time if one prefers to learn how to write in a literary style.
I think that looks can be deceiving.
I think that looks really ugly.
I think that love doesn't exist.
I think that machine doesn't need any more broken parts. I can't achieve anything with my bare hands.
I think that man is lost.
I think that man is speaking Finnish.
I think that man speaks Finnish.
I think that man was speaking French.
I think that man was talking in French.
I think that many North Americans have lost the good work ethic. Anyway, in developing countries, in the farmland, people sing rhythmically as they work.
I think that many of you are like Johnny, who just likes sports.
I think that many people are starving in the West.
I think that may happen today.
I think that maybe I can help Tom.
I think that maybe I can help you.
I think that maybe I should stop reading romance novels.
I think that maybe I should talk to a lawyer.
I think that maybe I won't be able to make myself understood in English.
I think that maybe Tom and I could be friends.
I think that maybe Tom has something else to do.
I think that maybe Tom was right.
I think that maybe it's over.
I think that maybe that's a good thing.
I think that maybe that's all you have to do.
I think that maybe we need to help Tom.
I think that maybe we should wait for Tom.
I think that maybe you don't understand the severity of the situation.
I think that maybe you weren't in the mood.
I think that maybe you're right.
I think that messy English spelling affects people's ability to think in an organized way. I am glad that I know the phonemic writing systems of Tagalog, Spanish, and Esperanto.
I think that might be Tom.
I think that might be a good idea.
I think that might be why people used to believe that if someone floated on water, they were a witch.
I think that might be wise.
I think that might change.
I think that monolingualism is very limiting.
I think that most of it's true.
I think that most old people don't understand about what science fiction is.
I think that most people want to do the right thing.
I think that most young people like rock music.
I think that most young people prefer to listen to rock music.
I think that most, if not all, of my students will pass the test.
I think that my French is pretty good.
I think that my French is really bad.
I think that my French pronunciation is much better than Tom's.
I think that my French would be much better today if my teacher had been a native speaker.
I think that my German is really bad.
I think that my costume for the upcoming Halloween party will be wrapping myself up in toilet paper like a mummy.
I think that my favourite word in Toki Pona is "mun" for "moon." It's cute.
I think that my girlfriend leaves tomorrow for Scotland.
I think that my head is not empty.
I think that my idea is better.
I think that my leg is broken. I can't move.
I think that my life should be more romantic.
I think that my mom knows.
I think that my mother is the perfect housewife.
I think that my mother, a mestiza, regrets that she is not a full-blooded Mongoloid. She did not take biology in her old-timer's education, so she does not really understand.
I think that my parents like my sister more than me.
I think that my phone is probably smarter than me.
I think that my phone is tapped.
I think that my right arm is broken.
I think that my suitcase was stolen.
I think that my younger brother is stronger than my elder brother.
I think that neither of those things is going to happen.
I think that nobody doubts that Carlos Núñez is one of the greatest pipe players in the world.
I think that nobody will come.
I think that now isn't a good time to do that.
I think that nowadays the majority of readers prefer short stories.
I think that number should be 30,000.
I think that number should be thirty thousand.
I think that one of these notebooks is yours.
I think that one of us is more than enough.
I think that one of us ought to help Tom.
I think that only time will tell.
I think that our bill is realistic.
I think that our inexperience hurt us.
I think that our living together has influenced your habits.
I think that our plane will arrive late because of the snow.
I think that our team is going to continue to get better.
I think that ours is much better.
I think that overall we're in good shape.
I think that package is for Tom.
I think that painting is great.
I think that parents need to be honest with themselves first about recognizing that often they want to control and badger and nag and preach at and scold and sort of beat the kid into line.
I think that part of my brain died a long time ago.
I think that people are delighted.
I think that people have a tendency to focus on the wrong things.
I think that people like Tom more than Vladimir.
I think that people of your religion don't really read a lot.
I think that people should stop using disposable shopping bags.
I think that perhaps I could help you.
I think that perhaps I'll do that.
I think that perhaps Tom and Mary have both forgotten how to do that.
I think that perhaps Tom has forgotten how to do that.
I think that perhaps both Tom and Mary have forgotten how to do that.
I think that perhaps you don't understand the severity of the situation.
I think that person is a Japanese teacher.
I think that price is reasonable.
I think that puts an end to the debate.
I think that question is inappropriate.
I think that question isn't appropriate.
I think that rap music sounds better in a language in which syllables sound really distinct.
I think that reading novels isn't a waste of time.
I think that really surprised Tom.
I think that recording is important.
I think that rumor is true.
I think that she deserves her reward.
I think that she doesn't like the sound of English. She just can't get used to it.
I think that she doesn't want to eat any more.
I think that she has gone out for a walk.
I think that she has magic powers. If you saw her, you'd do anything for her.
I think that she has magic powers. If you see her, you'll do anything for her.
I think that she has not lied yet.
I think that she is a serious and dependable person.
I think that she is about twenty years old.
I think that she is beautiful.
I think that she is from Brazil.
I think that she is from China.
I think that she is from Egypt.
I think that she is from France.
I think that she is from Germany.
I think that she is from Italy.
I think that she is from Japan.
I think that she is from Russia.
I think that she is from the United States.
I think that she knows the truth.
I think that she will come.
I think that she will discuss trade friction.
I think that she will make a huge mistake if she refuses this mission.
I think that she will not come.
I think that she won't come.
I think that she's a serious and dependable person.
I think that she's an honest woman.
I think that she's hiding something.
I think that she's honest.
I think that she's trying to make you jealous.
I think that she’s honest.
I think that ship is following us.
I think that shirt is a little too small for you.
I think that shirt is too small for you.
I think that shocked everybody.
I think that shop shut down.
I think that social media platforms should be held more accountable for hosting fake news.
I think that some Japanese can explain Christianity via Animism.
I think that some companies should be fined for violating privacy laws.
I think that some people do that kind of thing.
I think that some people have a machine for inventing Kabylian sentences. Unbelievable!
I think that somebody is calling you.
I think that somebody should've called the police.
I think that somebody spiked the punch.
I think that somebody took my bag.
I think that somebody's knocking on the door.
I think that someone followed me.
I think that someone is calling you.
I think that someone should've called the police.
I think that someone spiked Mary's drink.
I think that someone spiked the punch.
I think that someone took my bag.
I think that someone truly becomes old when they prefer to look back instead of looking forward.
I think that someone went there.
I think that someone's knocking on the door.
I think that something bad has happened.
I think that something bad is about to happen.
I think that something bad is going to happen.
I think that something bad is likely to happen.
I think that something bad might happen.
I think that something bad will happen.
I think that something is bothering Tom.
I think that something is bothering her.
I think that something isn't quite right.
I think that something like this could only happen in Australia.
I think that something needs to change.
I think that something's bothering Tom.
I think that something's missing here.
I think that song sounds better in French.
I think that still needs work.
I think that storm is heading our way.
I think that style of dress will return again next year.
I think that sweater is too tight on you.
I think that tax cuts can spur growth.
I think that that book is not so interesting.
I think that that book isn't so interesting.
I think that that can be done.
I think that that car is slowly following us.
I think that that car over there is Tom's.
I think that that decision should be made by Tom.
I think that that dog is dangerous.
I think that that guy looks a little bit like Tom.
I think that that helped a lot.
I think that that is a sign of love.
I think that that is not longer necessary.
I think that that isn't mine.
I think that that isn't true.
I think that that jacket would fit me.
I think that that man over there is Tom's father.
I think that that may happen today.
I think that that might change.
I think that that package is for Tom.
I think that that question is inappropriate.
I think that that question isn't appropriate.
I think that that still needs work.
I think that that sweater is too tight on you.
I think that that was a bad decision.
I think that that was a good decision.
I think that that was an inside job.
I think that that was the problem.
I think that that was very special.
I think that that went really well.
I think that that whole phase is over.
I think that that won't work.
I think that that would be fun.
I think that that would be the right thing to do.
I think that that would be too much to hope for.
I think that that would only take about three minutes.
I think that that'll be all for today.
I think that that'll be easy to do.
I think that that'll be enough.
I think that that'll change one day.
I think that that'll happen someday.
I think that that'll happen.
I think that that'll settle it.
I think that that's Tom over there.
I think that that's Tom's.
I think that that's a bad idea.
I think that that's a fantastic idea.
I think that that's a good idea.
I think that that's a little unfair.
I think that that's a misconception.
I think that that's a positive development.
I think that that's a really important question.
I think that that's a safe assumption.
I think that that's a sensible choice.
I think that that's a very annoying sound.
I think that that's a very dated view.
I think that that's a very stupid argument.
I think that that's about to change.
I think that that's acceptable.
I think that that's all very important.
I think that that's all you can ask.
I think that that's an important distinction.
I think that that's an important point.
I think that that's appropriate.
I think that that's best.
I think that that's better.
I think that that's crucial.
I think that that's exactly what Tom is expecting to do.
I think that that's exactly what Tom is expecting you do.
I think that that's fair.
I think that that's hard to answer.
I think that that's inaccurate.
I think that that's inappropriate.
I think that that's inevitable.
I think that that's kind of strange.
I think that that's kind of weird.
I think that that's mine.
I think that that's most important.
I think that that's no longer necessary.
I think that that's not mine.
I think that that's not true.
I think that that's not what we should be doing.
I think that that's one of Tom's sisters.
I think that that's our obligation.
I think that that's part of the problem.
I think that that's physically impossible.
I think that that's pretty close to the truth.
I think that that's pretty far down on their list of priorities.
I think that that's pretty good advice.
I think that that's really appealing.
I think that that's really generous.
I think that that's really smart.
I think that that's right.
I think that that's safe to assume.
I think that that's stretching it.
I think that that's the bottom line.
I think that that's the case here.
I think that that's the direction we're heading.
I think that that's the guy who told me to leave.
I think that that's the reason Tom doesn't have any friends.
I think that that's the reason that Tom doesn't have any friends.
I think that that's the reason why Tom did that.
I think that that's the reason why Tom didn't do that.
I think that that's the reason why Tom doesn't like Mary.
I think that that's the reason why Tom is doing that.
I think that that's the reason why Tom is here.
I think that that's the reason why Tom isn't doing that.
I think that that's the reason why Tom isn't here.
I think that that's the reason why Tom wasn't here yesterday.
I think that that's the right thing to do.
I think that that's the safest way to do it.
I think that that's the sensible choice.
I think that that's the wrong approach.
I think that that's true.
I think that that's up to you now.
I think that that's urgent.
I think that that's very bizarre.
I think that that's very important.
I think that that's what Tom was trying to do.
I think that that's what saved us.
I think that that's where Tom is now.
I think that that's where we're at.
I think that that's why Tom didn't want to do that.
I think that that's why Tom doesn't have any friends.
I think that that's why Tom wanted to do that.
I think that that's wrong.
I think that the Confederate Flag is a racist symbol.
I think that the Confederate flag is a symbol of racism.
I think that the Harry Potter series is longer than the Bible.
I think that the Lions will be the champions this year.
I think that the Martyrs' Memorial is Algiers' most visited attraction.
I think that the Muslim religion is the only true religion.
I think that the Quechua flag is beautiful.
I think that the Star Trek franchise has a message that outer space will not be just like a "psychedelic experience," but will have a more mundane level to which we as ordinary folk can relate. Movies like Close Encounters of the Third Kind and more recently, Arrival, make aliens and outer space seem more highfaluting. I was born in the same year that Star Trek first appeared on television, so it must be important.
I think that the architecture in the Greek Islands is eerily non-European.
I think that the assessment is unfair.
I think that the baby is coming soon.
I think that the best dawah is giving an example.
I think that the book is interesting.
I think that the boss is going to fire Tom.
I think that the boy over there is Tom's brother.
I think that the chances are good.
I think that the curry I made will be too spicy for Tom.
I think that the economic impact will be minimal.
I think that the expression "Is this seat taken?" is even more natural sounding and polite than "May I sit here?".
I think that the film is entertaining.
I think that the future is bright for Algeria.
I think that the girl Tom is dating is still in love with her ex-boyfriend.
I think that the girl that Tom is dating still is in love with her ex-boyfriend.
I think that the guys are handling this very well.
I think that the investigators are barking up the wrong tree.
I think that the judge was more than fair.
I think that the judge's decision was fair.
I think that the judge's decision was unfair.
I think that the language that they're speaking is French.
I think that the language they're speaking is French.
I think that the matter is very close to being resolved.
I think that the price is reasonable.
I think that the problem is here.
I think that the reason Tom didn't recognize me was because I had a beard the last time he saw me.
I think that the reason that Tom didn't recognize me was because I had a beard the last time he saw me.
I think that the right time is right now.
I think that the romantic myth is one of the most pernicious of our times.
I think that the same thing is going to happen again.
I think that the sci-fi genre is more creative than the fantasy genre. Both are considered speculative fiction.
I think that the second part of your comment would make a great example sentence.
I think that the situation is disgusting.
I think that the snow will melt soon.
I think that the table takes up too much space.
I think that the time has come for us to do that.
I think that the train will be here soon.
I think that the train will come soon.
I think that the waitress was not arrogant.
I think that there are a lot of beautiful women in Australia.
I think that there are a lot of good-looking men in Australia.
I think that there are a lot of good-looking women in Australia.
I think that there are a lot of other people who think the same way.
I think that there are a lot of things we need to do.
I think that there are a number of serious difficulties that need to be overcome.
I think that there are many places to see there.
I think that there are more people in the countryside with a big heart than there are in the city.
I think that there are some similarities.
I think that there are too many lawyers in Boston.
I think that there are two answers.
I think that there aren't as many French speakers in Australia as there used to be.
I think that there is a man in there.
I think that there is a man there.
I think that there is the way to do it.
I think that there is water under the table.
I think that there isn't any other way to do that.
I think that there needs to be reform.
I think that there still is a chance that that'll happen.
I think that there still is a chance that'll happen.
I think that there's a chance it'll rain tonight.
I think that there's a chance that it'll rain tonight.
I think that there's a ghost in our attic.
I think that there's a good chance Tom will do that.
I think that there's a good chance that Tom will do that.
I think that there's a good chance that that'll happen.
I think that there's a good chance that'll happen.
I think that there's a good possibility that that'll happen.
I think that there's a good possibility that'll happen.
I think that there's a possibility Tom will do that.
I think that there's a possibility Tom won't be there.
I think that there's a possibility Tom won't do that.
I think that there's a possibility Tom won't want to do that.
I think that there's a possibility that Tom is going to do that.
I think that there's a possibility that Tom will do that.
I think that there's a possibility that Tom won't be there.
I think that there's a possibility that Tom won't do that.
I think that there's a possibility that Tom won't want to do that.
I think that there's a real good chance I'll be sticking around.
I think that there's a real good possibility of that happening.
I think that there's more going on here than meets the eye.
I think that there's more going on here than you think there is.
I think that there's more to this.
I think that there's no hope of that happening.
I think that there's only a slim chance of that happening.
I think that there's probably not a person in this country that hasn't turned a screw.
I think that there's some real potential here.
I think that there's somebody in here.
I think that there's someone in here.
I think that there's something that you're not telling me.
I think that there's something you're not telling me.
I think that there's still a chance that that'll happen.
I think that there's still a chance that'll happen.
I think that there’s probably not a person in this country that hasn’t turned a screw.
I think that these are Tom's shoes.
I think that these are fakes.
I think that these are genuine.
I think that these heathers need some sun.
I think that these paintings are very original.
I think that these shoes are Tom's.
I think that they are smarter than you.
I think that they both deserved to be nominated.
I think that they could've at least served us some coffee.
I think that they did a great job.
I think that they have children.
I think that they have it right.
I think that they knew something.
I think that they really like you.
I think that they were all fired.
I think that they were all sacked.
I think that they were just trying to be friendly.
I think that they will be late.
I think that they will follow us.
I think that they will need to sell their house.
I think that they'll be cautious.
I think that they'll be late.
I think that they'll have a chance.
I think that they'll permit you to do that.
I think that they're a lot of fun.
I think that they're just being cautious.
I think that they're more complex now.
I think that they're overmedicating Tom.
I think that they're working for Tom.
I think that they're working now.
I think that they've been great.
I think that they’re a lot of fun.
I think that things have become very murky these days, lots of misunderstanding, miscues, a lot of what the ancients would have called sophistry.
I think that things have gone too far this time.
I think that things like animal rights are really just humanity being smug.
I think that things like this happen by chance.
I think that things will be OK.
I think that things will be fine.
I think that things will get better.
I think that things will get trickier as time goes on.
I think that things will turn out differently this time.
I think that things will work out.
I think that thirty dollars is too high a price to pay for this.
I think that this Chinese guy is a Muslim. He's listening to the Quran.
I think that this book is too girly for my taste.
I think that this calls for a celebration.
I think that this car isn't Tom's.
I think that this class is boring.
I think that this computer is infected by a virus.
I think that this event might bring Tom back home.
I think that this fact is very serious.
I think that this image is relevant to our discussion from yesterday.
I think that this is Emet.
I think that this is Tom's bicycle.
I think that this is Tom's house.
I think that this is Tom's umbrella.
I think that this is Tom's.
I think that this is a fake.
I think that this is a good idea.
I think that this is a good start.
I think that this is a serious matter.
I think that this is a step in the right direction.
I think that this is a stupid idea.
I think that this is a sunny spot.
I think that this is a turning point.
I think that this is actually a really important question.
I think that this is all quite absurd.
I think that this is amazing.
I think that this is an emergency.
I think that this is better.
I think that this is coming from your inner child.
I think that this is from Tom.
I think that this is genuine.
I think that this is going to be a good seller.
I think that this is going to work.
I think that this is important.
I think that this is inappropriate.
I think that this is one of our problems.
I think that this is pretty outrageous.
I think that this is real.
I think that this is really interesting.
I think that this is ridiculous.
I think that this is right.
I think that this is something that Tom didn't want us to find.
I think that this is the best school in Australia.
I think that this is the end.
I think that this is the first time Tom and I have done that by ourselves.
I think that this is the first time Tom and I've done that by ourselves.
I think that this is the first time Tom has done that by himself.
I think that this is the first time Tom has done that without help.
I think that this is the first time Tom has done that.
I think that this is the first time that Tom and I've done that by ourselves.
I think that this is the first time that Tom has done that by himself.
I think that this is the first time that Tom has done that without help.
I think that this is the first time that Tom has done that.
I think that this is the only way to do it.
I think that this is the way it should be done.
I think that this is the way to do it.
I think that this is the wrong key.
I think that this is totally outrageous.
I think that this is very bad news.
I think that this is very interesting.
I think that this is what people want.
I think that this is what we need.
I think that this is where I belong.
I think that this is why you're here.
I think that this is wrong.
I think that this isn't correct.
I think that this isn't mine.
I think that this job is boring.
I think that this material is of benefit to everyone.
I think that this meeting will be a big step forward.
I think that this one's better than that one.
I think that this one's better.
I think that this one's my favorite.
I think that this painting would impress Tom.
I think that this photo was taken in October.
I think that this photo was taken on October 20th.
I think that this picture was taken about three months ago.
I think that this picture was taken in October.
I think that this relationship won't work.
I think that this shirt can be given away.
I think that this shirt can be thrown away.
I think that this should help us.
I think that this sick sociopath is the most disgusting and vile individual on earth.
I think that this sweater will look good on you.
I think that this tie will go great with that shirt.
I think that this toothbrush is yours.
I think that this translation is wrong. I would ask, therefore, a native speaker to correct it.
I think that this was not a wise decision.
I think that this will be the last battle of the war.
I think that this will come in handy.
I think that this will do nicely.
I think that this will do.
I think that this will work.
I think that this work is boring.
I think that this work is tiring.
I think that this'll work.
I think that those are achievable goals.
I think that those who study linguistics seriously are either those who do it out of necessity or those who love it with all their hearts.
I think that three hundred dollars will cover all your expenses.
I think that three years is a long time.
I think that time is of the essence.
I think that time will tell.
I think that timing is really important.
I think that translating a sentence without any already existing translations creates a feeling comparable to stepping foot onto a snow-strewn surface on which nobody has yet trodden.
I think that walruses are cuter than manatees.
I think that was Tom.
I think that was a bad decision.
I think that was a foolish decision.
I think that was a good decision.
I think that was a good idea.
I think that was a huge mistake.
I think that was a mistake.
I think that was a waste of effort.
I think that was extreme.
I think that was her.
I think that was hilarious.
I think that was him.
I think that was my first meal today.
I think that was my first time seeing Tom neither high nor in withdrawal.
I think that was one of the best movies I've ever seen.
I think that was one of the best movies that I've ever seen.
I think that was our stop.
I think that was really bad.
I think that was really mean of you.
I think that was the best movie I've ever seen.
I think that was the first time Tom and I did that by ourselves.
I think that was the first time that Tom and I did that by ourselves.
I think that was the plan.
I think that was the problem.
I think that was them.
I think that was too expensive.
I think that was unnecessary.
I think that was very funny.
I think that was very special.
I think that was what Tom was hoping would happen.
I think that watching TV is a waste of time.
I think that watching golf is boring.
I think that we all drank a little too much last night.
I think that we all have the same interests.
I think that we all have the similar interests.
I think that we all know that.
I think that we all know the answer.
I think that we are both agreed, Inspector that the fragment of paper in the dead man's hand, bearing, as it does, the very hour of his death written upon it, is of extreme importance.
I think that we both know the answer to that.
I think that we can be friends.
I think that we can be there on time.
I think that we can begin.
I think that we can change that.
I think that we can do a lot better.
I think that we can do better.
I think that we can do it this year.
I think that we can do it.
I think that we can do that again.
I think that we can do that next year.
I think that we can do that.
I think that we can do this.
I think that we can get a lot better.
I think that we can help each other.
I think that we can help one another.
I think that we can make it on time.
I think that we can make it to Boston in about three hours.
I think that we can make it.
I think that we can pull it off.
I think that we can pull this off.
I think that we can take care of ourselves.
I think that we can win today's game.
I think that we can win.
I think that we can work something out.
I think that we complement each other.
I think that we could be friends.
I think that we could be good friends.
I think that we could change.
I think that we could do more.
I think that we could do that if we tried.
I think that we could help one another.
I think that we deserve a lot more.
I think that we did OK.
I think that we did that for the right reasons.
I think that we get off at the next stop.
I think that we got everybody out.
I think that we got everyone out.
I think that we got it under control.
I think that we got ripped off.
I think that we had a very good year.
I think that we handled that pretty well.
I think that we handled that well.
I think that we have a chance of winning.
I think that we have a good chance of winning.
I think that we have a good shot.
I think that we have a great team this year.
I think that we have a lot to talk about.
I think that we have a role to play.
I think that we have bought everything we need.
I think that we have enough time to finish doing that today.
I think that we have more important things we should be doing now.
I think that we have more work to do.
I think that we have seen enough.
I think that we have time for a drink or two.
I think that we have to do that.
I think that we have to go now.
I think that we have to go to Australia.
I think that we have to go to Boston.
I think that we hit bedrock.
I think that we made a wrong turn.
I think that we made the right decision.
I think that we may have something that you'd be interested in buying.
I think that we may have something you'd be interested in buying.
I think that we might have a problem.
I think that we need help.
I think that we need more cookies.
I think that we need some time off.
I think that we need that.
I think that we need to air out this room.
I think that we need to be a little more discreet.
I think that we need to call a doctor.
I think that we need to change our policy on that.
I think that we need to change that.
I think that we need to combat the stigma surrounding schizophrenia and other psychotic conditions.
I think that we need to discuss this situation.
I think that we need to do that.
I think that we need to go back to Australia.
I think that we need to go back to Boston.
I think that we need to go to Australia.
I think that we need to go to Boston.
I think that we need to help Tom.
I think that we need to hire another secretary.
I think that we need to make some changes.
I think that we need to take the time to make sure we do this right.
I think that we need to turn left here.
I think that we only need three more chairs.
I think that we ought to do that.
I think that we ought to go back to Australia.
I think that we ought to go to Australia.
I think that we ought to go to Boston.
I think that we ought to help Tom.
I think that we ought to wait for Tom.
I think that we should admit that.
I think that we should all go to Tom's house.
I think that we should ask Tom to do that for us.
I think that we should ask Tom to do that.
I think that we should ask Tom who told him that.
I think that we should at least try.
I think that we should be leaving.
I think that we should call off this attack.
I think that we should consider Tom's offer a little more carefully.
I think that we should consider doing that.
I think that we should do that again.
I think that we should do that.
I think that we should do this later.
I think that we should force Tom to do that.
I think that we should forget about this.
I think that we should get involved.
I think that we should go back to Boston.
I think that we should go home now.
I think that we should go to Australia next fall.
I think that we should go to Australia next spring.
I think that we should go to Australia next summer.
I think that we should go to Australia next winter.
I think that we should go to Australia next year.
I think that we should go to Australia.
I think that we should go to Boston.
I think that we should have Tom do that for us.
I think that we should help Tom and Mary do that.
I think that we should help Tom do that.
I think that we should help Tom.
I think that we should hire Tom instead of Mary.
I think that we should leave now.
I think that we should leave.
I think that we should let Tom go to Australia by himself.
I think that we should let Tom rest a bit.
I think that we should probably ask Tom to do that.
I think that we should reduce our prices.
I think that we should reduce the price.
I think that we should refuse to do that.
I think that we should send for a doctor.
I think that we should seriously consider Tom's proposal.
I think that we should start over.
I think that we should stay indoors today.
I think that we should stay.
I think that we should stop doing that.
I think that we should stop doing this.
I think that we should take what Tom said earlier with a grain of salt.
I think that we should talk about what happened.
I think that we should tell Tom he has to do that.
I think that we should tell Tom he needs to do that.
I think that we should tell Tom he needs to work harder.
I think that we should tell Tom that he has to do that.
I think that we should tell Tom that he needs to do that.
I think that we should tell Tom that he needs to work harder.
I think that we should tell Tom that we won't do that anymore.
I think that we should tell Tom to do that.
I think that we should tell Tom to stop doing that.
I think that we should try again.
I think that we should try to do that.
I think that we should visit Australia.
I think that we should volunteer to do that.
I think that we should wait for Tom.
I think that we should wait until Tom gets here.
I think that we shouldn't allow Tom to do that.
I think that we shouldn't let Tom do that again.
I think that we shouldn't let Tom go to Australia by himself.
I think that we surprised a lot of people.
I think that we timed it just right.
I think that we were well-prepared.
I think that we will manage to succeed.
I think that we'd better ask Tom what he thinks.
I think that we'd better be going.
I think that we'd better buy more food.
I think that we'd better discuss this with Tom.
I think that we'd better do what Tom asks.
I think that we'd better get out of here.
I think that we'd better get started.
I think that we'd better get you home.
I think that we'd better go.
I think that we'd better leave early.
I think that we'd better leave.
I think that we'd better take a break.
I think that we'd better talk to Tom.
I think that we'll all feel better once we get a little sleep.
I think that we'll always be here.
I think that we'll be all right.
I think that we'll be back soon.
I think that we'll be competitive.
I think that we'll do better next time.
I think that we'll find it.
I think that we'll get off at the next station.
I think that we'll get the chance to do that this afternoon.
I think that we'll go with Tom.
I think that we'll have a good team.
I think that we'll have time to do all that tomorrow.
I think that we'll never know why.
I think that we'll survive.
I think that we're about done here.
I think that we're all right.
I think that we're doing extremely well.
I think that we're doing fairly well.
I think that we're doing pretty well.
I think that we're doing very well.
I think that we're even now.
I think that we're getting close to solving this mystery.
I think that we're getting closer.
I think that we're going in the wrong direction.
I think that we're going to ask Tom to do that.
I think that we're going to ask Tom to help us do that.
I think that we're going to be OK.
I think that we're going to be there.
I think that we're going to do that.
I think that we're going to eventually have to do that.
I think that we're going to eventually need to do that.
I think that we're going to have to do that.
I think that we're going to have trouble meeting the deadline.
I think that we're going to need to do that.
I think that we're headed in the right direction.
I think that we're headed in the wrong direction.
I think that we're in this together.
I think that we're just beginning to understand the problem.
I think that we're just beginning.
I think that we're losing.
I think that we're making good progress.
I think that we're next.
I think that we're on the right track.
I think that we're on the same page.
I think that we're on the wrong road.
I think that we're out of control.
I think that we're out of your size.
I think that we're ready to seal the deal.
I think that we're safe here.
I think that we're still too young.
I think that we're too late.
I think that we're too young.
I think that we're very open-minded people.
I think that we've all been insulted.
I think that we've all been there.
I think that we've been cooperative.
I think that we've bought everything we need.
I think that we've crossed the point of no return.
I think that we've done a pretty good job so far.
I think that we've done well.
I think that we've forgotten someone.
I think that we've got enough money.
I think that we've got it under control.
I think that we've got something really special here.
I think that we've learned a little bit from Tom.
I think that we've learned a lot.
I think that we've made an error.
I think that we've made progress.
I think that we've run out of gas.
I think that we've seen enough.
I think that we've waited long enough.
I think that went really well.
I think that went well.
I think that what Sami needs is a passionate woman, not someone like Layla.
I think that what Tom is doing is wrong.
I think that what Tom said is true.
I think that what Tom said isn't right.
I think that what Tom said was correct.
I think that what Tom told you is the truth.
I think that what Tom told you is true.
I think that what Tom told you isn't true.
I think that what Tom's doing is wrong.
I think that what happened was a little unfair.
I think that what he says isn't true.
I think that what she says isn't true.
I think that what they're doing is wrong.
I think that what you did was inappropriate.
I think that what you just told me isn't true.
I think that what you need now is a kiss.
I think that what you need now is some sleep.
I think that what you need to do now is to eat something.
I think that what you need to do now is to help Tom.
I think that what you said is true.
I think that what you're doing is right.
I think that what you're doing is stupid.
I think that what you're doing is wrong.
I think that what you're looking for is behind the cupboard.
I think that what you're suggesting won't work.
I think that what you're wearing is inappropriate.
I think that what you've suggested won't work.
I think that what's going on in Algeria is a peaceful transition.
I think that what's happening now is similar to what happened in 2013.
I think that whatever you do, if you don't find it enjoyable, it won't last a long time.
I think that whoever created the Universe, a hole in the sky above him, also had no idea what is the "Universe".
I think that whole phase is over.
I think that why he killed his wife is a mystery.
I think that will be all for today.
I think that will be enough.
I think that will go smoothly.
I think that will settle it.
I think that wine is good.
I think that women always do things like that.
I think that won't be easy to do.
I think that won't be necessary.
I think that won't ever happen.
I think that won't happen.
I think that won't help.
I think that won't work.
I think that words like "eat" and "brought" are not good spellings! They look unaesthetic.
I think that works.
I think that would be a big mistake.
I think that would be a good idea.
I think that would be a mistake.
I think that would be awesome.
I think that would be best.
I think that would be better.
I think that would be cool.
I think that would be extremely helpful.
I think that would be fascinating.
I think that would be fine.
I think that would be fun to do together.
I think that would be fun to do.
I think that would be fun.
I think that would be good.
I think that would be marvellous.
I think that would be nice.
I think that would be the logical approach.
I think that would be the logical choice.
I think that would be the logical thing to do.
I think that would be the right thing to do.
I think that would be too much to hope for.
I think that would be very helpful.
I think that would be very unwise.
I think that would be wise.
I think that would explain everything.
I think that would give me a headache.
I think that would have been fascinating.
I think that would help.
I think that would only take about three minutes.
I think that would really hurt.
I think that would've been fascinating.
I think that wouldn't be a good idea.
I think that wouldn't cost much.
I think that wouldn't have happened if Tom had been there with us.
I think that you added too much salt.
I think that you all are right.
I think that you and I should probably be able to get along better.
I think that you and I'd better have a talk with Tom.
I think that you and Tom could make a cute couple.
I think that you are always crying. It is probably a sexual problem.
I think that you are correct.
I think that you are drunk.
I think that you are going to like it.
I think that you are making the biggest mistake of your life.
I think that you are not self-aware.
I think that you are right.
I think that you are stupid because you are speaking nonsense.
I think that you are the perfect candidate.
I think that you are to blame.
I think that you are twenty years old.
I think that you can do better than that.
I think that you can do better.
I think that you can do it.
I think that you can do that better.
I think that you can do that if you put your mind to it.
I think that you can guess what happened next.
I think that you can have it.
I think that you can probably guess what happened next.
I think that you can take care of yourselves.
I think that you can't do that.
I think that you could do that if you tried.
I think that you could get Tom to do that for you.
I think that you could get Tom to do that.
I think that you could get Tom to help you.
I think that you could probably do that by yourself.
I think that you could probably do that.
I think that you could've done this by yourselves.
I think that you did that quite well.
I think that you didn't watch the video to the end.
I think that you do know about that.
I think that you do need to hire someone other than Tom.
I think that you don't have enough money to buy that.
I think that you don't understand the severity of the situation.
I think that you dropped something.
I think that you have a bright future.
I think that you have a minority viewpoint.
I think that you have been brainwashed.
I think that you have my umbrella.
I think that you have no hair on your legs.
I think that you have too many of those.
I think that you just answered your own question.
I think that you know Tom already.
I think that you know Tom much better than I do.
I think that you know me well enough, Watson, to understand that I am by no means a nervous man. At the same time, it is stupidity rather than courage to refuse to recognise danger when it is close upon you.
I think that you know the answer to that question.
I think that you know what I'm talking about.
I think that you know what needs to be done.
I think that you know which one I like better.
I think that you know who I am.
I think that you know who I'm talking about.
I think that you know why I can't do that.
I think that you look much better now.
I think that you look really great.
I think that you looked ridiculous.
I think that you make this stuff up.
I think that you may as well tell me.
I think that you meant to send this message to somebody else.
I think that you meant to send this message to someone else.
I think that you misunderstood me.
I think that you need a lawyer.
I think that you need help.
I think that you need new glasses.
I think that you need some time off.
I think that you need to eat more.
I think that you need to find yourself a job.
I think that you need to find yourselves jobs.
I think that you need to keep your mouth closed.
I think that you need to study harder.
I think that you need to talk to Tom.
I think that you need to tell Tom what happened.
I think that you ought to apologize to her.
I think that you ought to ask Tom to do that.
I think that you ought to do that.
I think that you ought to let Tom and I go to Boston by ourselves.
I think that you ought to let Tom and me go to Australia by ourselves.
I think that you ought to let Tom go to Australia by himself.
I think that you paid too much for that.
I think that you really mean it.
I think that you really should do this by yourselves.
I think that you resemble your mother.
I think that you saw something.
I think that you sent that message to the wrong person.
I think that you should accept Tom's resignation.
I think that you should add a bit more pepper.
I think that you should add a little more pepper.
I think that you should apologize to her.
I think that you should apologize.
I think that you should ask Tom not to do that.
I think that you should ask Tom to do that.
I think that you should avoid Tom today.
I think that you should be careful with Tom.
I think that you should break up with your boyfriend.
I think that you should buy yourself a new bicycle.
I think that you should buy yourself a new car.
I think that you should buy yourself a new chain saw.
I think that you should buy yourself a new ladder.
I think that you should buy yourself a new phone.
I think that you should buy yourself a new umbrella.
I think that you should buy yourself some new clothes.
I think that you should buy yourself something to eat.
I think that you should buy yourselves some new clothes.
I think that you should buy yourselves something to eat.
I think that you should call a plumber.
I think that you should change your profile picture.
I think that you should come and stay at my place.
I think that you should come back to Australia.
I think that you should decline Tom's invitation.
I think that you should do it yourself.
I think that you should do it yourselves.
I think that you should do that by yourselves.
I think that you should do that now.
I think that you should do that today.
I think that you should do that yourselves.
I think that you should do that.
I think that you should do this on your own.
I think that you should do what Tom tells you to do.
I think that you should drive.
I think that you should find out where Tom went.
I think that you should get a haircut.
I think that you should get your hair cut really short.
I think that you should give Tom a chance tell his side of the story.
I think that you should give Tom your phone number.
I think that you should go there by yourselves.
I think that you should go to Australia for Christmas.
I think that you should go to Australia to be with your family.
I think that you should go to Australia.
I think that you should go to Boston to be with your family.
I think that you should go to college.
I think that you should go.
I think that you should have it.
I think that you should help Tom.
I think that you should know I won't be able to do that for you.
I think that you should know that whatever happens, I'll still love you.
I think that you should leave.
I think that you should let Tom and I do that by ourselves.
I think that you should let Tom and I go to Boston by ourselves.
I think that you should let Tom and me go to Australia by ourselves.
I think that you should meet Tom in Australia.
I think that you should not have children.
I think that you should not have done that.
I think that you should read it yourselves.
I think that you should reconsider that.
I think that you should reexamine the situation.
I think that you should see this.
I think that you should send Tom to Australia.
I think that you should stay in Boston for a few more days.
I think that you should stay in Boston.
I think that you should stop smoking.
I think that you should take Tom to the hospital.
I think that you should take that job in Australia.
I think that you should take that job in Boston.
I think that you should take that job you've been offered in Australia.
I think that you should talk to Tom about that.
I think that you should talk to the police.
I think that you should tell Tom that you don't like him.
I think that you should tell Tom that you love him.
I think that you should tell Tom the truth.
I think that you should tell Tom what to do.
I think that you should tell Tom where you are.
I think that you should tell Tom why you won't go to Australia with him.
I think that you should tell your mother about that.
I think that you should try again.
I think that you should turn yourselves in.
I think that you should walk your dog at least thirty minutes a day.
I think that you should watch that movie.
I think that you should watch this movie.
I think that you shouldn't be doing that by yourself.
I think that you shouldn't be doing that by yourselves.
I think that you shouldn't be doing that here.
I think that you shouldn't be doing that now.
I think that you shouldn't be doing that.
I think that you shouldn't do that.
I think that you shouldn't gone there with Tom.
I think that you shouldn't have agreed to do that.
I think that you shouldn't have asked Tom to do that.
I think that you shouldn't have bought that car.
I think that you shouldn't have bought that.
I think that you shouldn't have called Tom.
I think that you shouldn't have done that by yourself.
I think that you shouldn't have done that by yourselves.
I think that you shouldn't have done that here.
I think that you shouldn't have done that today.
I think that you shouldn't have done that with Tom.
I think that you shouldn't have done that.
I think that you shouldn't have drunk that water.
I think that you shouldn't have eaten so much junk food.
I think that you shouldn't have eaten that.
I think that you shouldn't have followed Tom's advice.
I think that you shouldn't have gone there by car.
I think that you shouldn't have gone there by yourself.
I think that you shouldn't have gone there by yourselves.
I think that you shouldn't have gone there.
I think that you shouldn't have gone to Boston.
I think that you shouldn't have gotten married.
I think that you shouldn't have left Tom alone.
I think that you shouldn't have married Tom.
I think that you shouldn't have quit your job.
I think that you shouldn't have said that.
I think that you sleep very well.
I think that you smoke too much marijuana.
I think that you underestimate Tom.
I think that you understand what I mean.
I think that you use drugs.
I think that you wanted to add a translation of the sentence where you posted a comment. To translate a sentence, just click on this button.
I think that you were better looking with long hair.
I think that you will change your mind.
I think that you will have some work upon your hands if you are to right all the wrongs that you may see upon this side of the water.
I think that you won't be able to do it.
I think that you won't be able to do that.
I think that you won't be allowed to do that.
I think that you won’t be able to do it.
I think that you worry too much.
I think that you would be a really good coach.
I think that you'd agree.
I think that you'd all agree Tom is one of our best singers.
I think that you'd all agree Tom is our best salesman.
I think that you'd all agree that Tom is one of our best singers.
I think that you'd all agree that Tom is our best salesman.
I think that you'd be foolish to expect Tom to do that for you.
I think that you'd better ask Tom yourself.
I think that you'd better come back home.
I think that you'd better do that.
I think that you'd better look at this.
I think that you'd better sit down.
I think that you'd better tell Tom.
I think that you'd like it in Australia.
I think that you'd make a good mother.
I think that you'll agree.
I think that you'll approve.
I think that you'll be a good father.
I think that you'll be able to change Tom's mind.
I think that you'll be able to do that by yourselves.
I think that you'll be allowed to do that.
I think that you'll be happy here.
I think that you'll discover it was Tom's fault.
I think that you'll discover that it was Tom's fault.
I think that you'll enjoy it here.
I think that you'll enjoy it there.
I think that you'll find this amusing.
I think that you'll find this book interesting.
I think that you'll find what you're looking for in that box over there.
I think that you'll have fun doing that.
I think that you'll like it, too.
I think that you'll like the dessert.
I think that you'll like this book.
I think that you'll like this film.
I think that you'll like this movie.
I think that you'll like this one better.
I think that you'll not be able to do that.
I think that you'll pass this class.
I think that you'll pull through.
I think that you'll regret doing that.
I think that you're a good coach.
I think that you're a good driver.
I think that you're a good father.
I think that you're a good leader.
I think that you're a likable guy.
I think that you're a really nice person.
I think that you're a terrific kid.
I think that you're a very good player.
I think that you're about thirteen years old.
I think that you're about to make the biggest mistake of your life.
I think that you're asking the wrong question.
I think that you're beautiful.
I think that you're being unfair.
I think that you're being very rash.
I think that you're bossy.
I think that you're brilliant.
I think that you're completely wrong.
I think that you're conceited.
I think that you're contradicting yourselves.
I think that you're cool.
I think that you're correct.
I think that you're creative.
I think that you're delusional.
I think that you're doing a fine job.
I think that you're doing a great job.
I think that you're doing that the wrong way.
I think that you're doing that wrong.
I think that you're doing the right thing.
I think that you're dying.
I think that you're going to be OK.
I think that you're going to be fine.
I think that you're going to enjoy yourselves tonight.
I think that you're going to fit in just fine.
I think that you're going to like Australia.
I think that you're going to like it.
I think that you're going to want to sit down.
I think that you're going to win.
I think that you're good-looking.
I think that you're hiding something.
I think that you're in Tom's way.
I think that you're in love with Tom.
I think that you're incorrect.
I think that you're intelligent.
I think that you're jealous of me.
I think that you're just confused.
I think that you're just jealous.
I think that you're just wasting time.
I think that you're likely to win.
I think that you're missing the point.
I think that you're mistaken.
I think that you're my best friend.
I think that you're nice.
I think that you're not doing that right.
I think that you're not studying enough.
I think that you're not telling me something.
I think that you're nuts.
I think that you're overreacting to the situation.
I think that you're pulling my leg.
I think that you're really going to like it.
I think that you're really going to like this.
I think that you're really smart.
I think that you're right about that.
I think that you're right not to go.
I think that you're right.
I think that you're rushing this a little.
I think that you're seriously wrong.
I think that you're stubborn.
I think that you're stuck-up.
I think that you're terrific.
I think that you're the best-looking guy I've ever met.
I think that you're the best-looking guy that I've ever met.
I think that you're the most beautiful woman on the planet.
I think that you're the one I've been waiting for for all these years.
I think that you're the one that I've been waiting for all these years.
I think that you're the one that I've been waiting for for all these years.
I think that you're the one who broke it.
I think that you're the only one who believes Tom.
I think that you're the only one who needs help.
I think that you're to blame.
I think that you're too competitive.
I think that you're too demanding.
I think that you're too old for Tom.
I think that you're too old for me.
I think that you're too outspoken.
I think that you're trying too hard.
I think that you're ugly.
I think that you're underestimating yourself.
I think that you're very smart.
I think that you're wasting your time.
I think that you're wearing my shoes.
I think that you're weird.
I think that you're wrong.
I think that you've all met.
I think that you've been doing great.
I think that you've been in Australia a little too long.
I think that you've been in Australia too long.
I think that you've been living in Australia too long.
I think that you've been spending too much time in Australia.
I think that you've come a long way.
I think that you've got it backwards.
I think that you've had enough to drink.
I think that you've helped enough.
I think that you've misunderstood me.
I think that you've said that before.
I think that young people are disrespectful to authorities.
I think that your coffee is getting cold.
I think that your continent is much poorer than mine.
I think that your flag representing the English language is not optimal. Why do you have the flag for the Portuguese language as half-Portugal and half-Brazil? Yet, you have just the British flag to represent the English language.
I think that your friends are here.
I think that your mother has brought you up in a very conservative manner.
I think that your religion is boring.
I think that your skirt is too long.
I think that your skirt is too short.
I think that your talents could be put to better use.
I think that you’re not studying enough.
I think that you’re right.
I think that you’re wrong.
I think that'd be a good direction to look in.
I think that'll be difficult to achieve.
I think that'll be easy to do.
I think that'll be enough.
I think that'll be fun.
I think that'll become necessary.
I think that'll change one day.
I think that'll cover all Tom's expenses.
I think that'll do.
I think that'll happen someday.
I think that'll happen today.
I think that'll happen.
I think that'll settle it.
I think that'll work.
I think that's Esperanto.
I think that's Tom over there.
I think that's Tom's favorite place in the whole world.
I think that's Tom's goal.
I think that's Tom's house.
I think that's Tom's.
I think that's Tom.
I think that's a Halloween costume.
I think that's a bad idea, too.
I think that's a bad idea.
I think that's a bad solution.
I think that's a bad suggestion.
I think that's a better idea.
I think that's a big deal.
I think that's a big mistake.
I think that's a bloody stupid idea.
I think that's a concern.
I think that's a fantastic idea.
I think that's a fir tree.
I think that's a good idea.
I think that's a good plan.
I think that's a good sign.
I think that's a great idea.
I think that's a great question.
I think that's a hoax.
I think that's a huge mistake.
I think that's a legitimate question.
I think that's a lie.
I think that's a little too expensive.
I think that's a little unfair.
I think that's a lot of hogwash.
I think that's a lot of malarkey.
I think that's a misconception.
I think that's a mistake.
I think that's a myth.
I think that's a part of the problem.
I think that's a positive development.
I think that's a possibility.
I think that's a pretty good idea.
I think that's a problem.
I think that's a really bad idea.
I think that's a really important question.
I think that's a really stupid idea.
I think that's a safe assumption.
I think that's a shame.
I think that's a small piece of sausage.
I think that's a stupid idea.
I think that's a stupid theory.
I think that's a very annoying sound.
I think that's a very dated view.
I think that's a very stupid argument.
I think that's about to change.
I think that's absolutely fabulous.
I think that's acceptable.
I think that's all for today. Thank you for coming.
I think that's all just speculation.
I think that's all nonsense.
I think that's all very important.
I think that's all you can ask.
I think that's all, unless you have any questions.
I think that's allowed.
I think that's already happened.
I think that's an accurate assessment.
I think that's an amazing story.
I think that's an exaggeration.
I think that's an excellent idea.
I think that's an excellent plan.
I think that's an excellent suggestion.
I think that's an illegal salvage operation.
I think that's an important distinction.
I think that's an important point.
I think that's an interesting profession.
I think that's an option we need to explore.
I think that's an option we need to look into.
I think that's an unreasonable demand.
I think that's appalling.
I think that's appropriate.
I think that's awful.
I think that's barmy.
I think that's been done.
I think that's best.
I think that's better.
I think that's bullshit, but it is what it is.
I think that's called a sleep.
I think that's common knowledge.
I think that's consistent with everything I've done.
I think that's correct.
I think that's crucial.
I think that's cute.
I think that's dangerous.
I think that's enough for now.
I think that's enough for today.
I think that's enough, Tom.
I think that's enough.
I think that's essentially correct.
I think that's everything.
I think that's exactly how I would have acted.
I think that's exactly how I would've reacted.
I think that's exactly the same thing I would've done.
I think that's exactly the way I would've done that.
I think that's exactly the way I'd have done that.
I think that's exactly what I would've done.
I think that's exactly what I'd do.
I think that's exactly what Tom and Mary are expecting you do.
I think that's exactly what Tom is expecting to do.
I think that's exactly what Tom is expecting you do.
I think that's exactly what happened.
I think that's exciting.
I think that's fair.
I think that's fairly unique.
I think that's fake.
I think that's fantastic.
I think that's fine.
I think that's for Tom to decide.
I think that's funny.
I think that's going to happen quite soon.
I think that's going to happen soon.
I think that's going to happen very soon.
I think that's going to happen.
I think that's great!
I think that's great.
I think that's happening already.
I think that's hard to answer.
I think that's helping.
I think that's her.
I think that's highly unlikely.
I think that's him.
I think that's hogwash.
I think that's horrible.
I think that's important.
I think that's impossible in Tom's case.
I think that's impossible.
I think that's inaccurate.
I think that's inappropriate.
I think that's inevitable.
I think that's it for today.
I think that's it.
I think that's just a myth.
I think that's just an accident.
I think that's just cruel.
I think that's just what I need right now.
I think that's just what Tom did.
I think that's kind of dishonest.
I think that's kind of strange.
I think that's kind of stupid.
I think that's kind of weird.
I think that's kinda dumb.
I think that's kinda stupid.
I think that's legal.
I think that's likely the problem.
I think that's made a difference.
I think that's mine.
I think that's more than generous.
I think that's more than reasonable.
I think that's most important.
I think that's my bag.
I think that's no longer necessary.
I think that's not a daft solution.
I think that's not going to happen soon.
I think that's not going to happen today.
I think that's not going to happen.
I think that's not mine.
I think that's not the biggest problem.
I think that's not the safest way to do that.
I think that's not true.
I think that's not what we should be doing.
I think that's obvious.
I think that's offensive.
I think that's often very true.
I think that's one of Tom's sisters.
I think that's our obligation.
I think that's part of the problem.
I think that's partially true.
I think that's perfectly fine.
I think that's physically impossible.
I think that's possible.
I think that's pretty clear.
I think that's pretty close to the truth.
I think that's pretty fantastic.
I think that's pretty far down on their list of priorities.
I think that's pretty funny.
I think that's pretty good advice.
I think that's pretty obvious.
I think that's pretty stupid.
I think that's probably right.
I think that's quite normal.
I think that's rat poison.
I think that's really appealing.
I think that's really generous.
I think that's really important.
I think that's really smart.
I think that's really stupid.
I think that's ridiculous.
I think that's right.
I think that's safe to assume.
I think that's something I can handle.
I think that's something that's very important.
I think that's something very important.
I think that's something we can all agree on.
I think that's strange.
I think that's stretching it.
I think that's the best answer.
I think that's the best option.
I think that's the best plan.
I think that's the best thing to do.
I think that's the bottom line.
I think that's the case here.
I think that's the direction we're heading.
I think that's the guy who attacked me.
I think that's the guy who told me to leave.
I think that's the last thing you need and I don't want to add to that.
I think that's the point.
I think that's the problem.
I think that's the reason Tom and Mary don't have any friends.
I think that's the reason Tom doesn't have any friends.
I think that's the reason that Tom doesn't have any friends.
I think that's the reason why Tom did that.
I think that's the reason why Tom didn't do that.
I think that's the reason why Tom doesn't like Mary.
I think that's the reason why Tom is doing that.
I think that's the reason why Tom is here.
I think that's the reason why Tom isn't doing that.
I think that's the reason why Tom isn't here today.
I think that's the reason why Tom isn't here.
I think that's the reason why Tom wasn't here yesterday.
I think that's the right thing to do.
I think that's the root of the problem.
I think that's the safest way to do it.
I think that's the safest way to do that.
I think that's the sensible choice.
I think that's the sweetest sound I've ever heard.
I think that's the thing that matters the most.
I think that's the wrong approach.
I think that's them.
I think that's to be expected.
I think that's too expensive.
I think that's true.
I think that's unacceptable.
I think that's undeniable.
I think that's understandable.
I think that's unlikely to happen.
I think that's unlikely.
I think that's up to Tom, isn't it?
I think that's up to you now.
I think that's urgent.
I think that's very bizarre.
I think that's very clear.
I think that's very important.
I think that's very regrettable.
I think that's very sweet, Tom.
I think that's what Tom and Mary want.
I think that's what Tom and Mary were trying to do.
I think that's what Tom and Mary were trying to tell me.
I think that's what Tom did.
I think that's what Tom meant.
I think that's what Tom wants.
I think that's what Tom was trying to do.
I think that's what Tom was trying to say.
I think that's what Tom was trying to tell me.
I think that's what Tom was trying to tell us.
I think that's what happened to Tom.
I think that's what happened.
I think that's what it is.
I think that's what needs to be done.
I think that's what saved us.
I think that's what we need to do.
I think that's what we should be doing.
I think that's what you need to be worried about.
I think that's what you should be worried about.
I think that's what you think I think.
I think that's what's happening.
I think that's where Tom and Mary are now.
I think that's where Tom and Mary are.
I think that's where Tom and Mary work.
I think that's where Tom is now.
I think that's where Tom is.
I think that's where Tom works.
I think that's where we're at.
I think that's why I don't like Tom.
I think that's why Tom and Mary are here.
I think that's why Tom and Mary don't have any friends.
I think that's why Tom did that.
I think that's why Tom didn't do that.
I think that's why Tom didn't want to do that.
I think that's why Tom didn't win.
I think that's why Tom doesn't have any friends.
I think that's why Tom is here.
I think that's why Tom wanted to do that.
I think that's why we got married.
I think that's wise.
I think that's wonderful.
I think that's wrong.
I think that's your car.
I think that's yours.
I think that, and then I forget.
I think that, as he's using addictive substances like thinner, the chance of rehabilitation is low.
I think that, as he’s using addictive substances like thinner, the chance of rehabilitation is low.
I think that, for the first time in my life, I understood her.
I think that, in the end, humans only care about animals for their own satisfaction.
I think that, in tough times, you can cry as much as you want.
I think the Hungarian grammar is difficult.
I think the KGB was implicated.
I think the Thai food at this place is seasoned so Japanese will like it.
I think the actions he took were right.
I think the answer is affirmative.
I think the answer is no.
I think the answer is pretty clear.
I think the answer is yes.
I think the assessment is unfair.
I think the audience thought I was funny.
I think the audience thought it was funny.
I think the baby is coming soon.
I think the baby is coming.
I think the baby is coming. Please call an ambulance.
I think the batteries need to be replaced.
I think the bees are suspecting something.
I think the best is yet to come.
I think the best way to learn English is to live in America.
I think the big mistake in education is trying to teach children by using fear as the basic motivation: fear of failing an exam, fear of failing a grade and not staying with your class, etc. On the other hand, interest can produce learning on a scale compared to fear as a Chinese factory explosion to a firecracker.
I think the birthday boy needs a glass of champagne.
I think the book Tom is reading must be interesting.
I think the book is interesting.
I think the books Tom and Mary are reading must be interesting.
I think the boss is going to fire Tom.
I think the box has something in it.
I think the box is empty.
I think the boy over there is Tom's brother.
I think the bus will arrive soon.
I think the car ran out of gas.
I think the cat is dreaming — she's moving her paws.
I think the cause lies with Tom.
I think the chances are good.
I think the children want to go with you.
I think the chimney is clogged.
I think the clock has stopped.
I think the clothes people wear can say something about who they are.
I think the coat underneath that tree over there is Tom's.
I think the communication system is the lubricant of an organization.
I think the consequences are fairly significant.
I think the couple is faced with a challenge that they will have to overcome together.
I think the crest on the top of the head of roosters is attractive.
I think the crisis between us is passing.
I think the death penalty is not a very effective way of trying to curb crimes.
I think the deck is missing a few cards.
I think the devil doesn't exist, but man has created him, he has created him in his own image and likeness.
I think the devil doesn’t exist, but man has created him, he has created him in his own image and likeness.
I think the economic impact will be minimal.
I think the eggs that I just ate were rotten.
I think the fact that I'm friends with the librarian says something about me.
I think the fault is of the new Facebook lists.
I think the film is a very heart warming one.
I think the film is a very heartwarming one.
I think the final score between Barcelona and Real Madrid will be 2-0.
I think the first thing you might want to do is put some gasoline in your car.
I think the first thing you might want to do is talk to Tom.
I think the following rule is valid for all languages: the more words you put in use, the more polite it sounds.
I think the fuel gauge is broken.
I think the fun is just beginning.
I think the furniture in this room is ugly.
I think the future looks good.
I think the game crashed.
I think the game froze.
I think the game will be exciting.
I think the garbage truck will come tomorrow.
I think the gearstick on my car is stuck.
I think the girl Tom is dating is still in love with her ex-boyfriend.
I think the girl that Tom is dating is still in love with her ex-boyfriend.
I think the globe is upside down.
I think the government has to get it straight.
I think the government's to blame.
I think the grammar of Hungarian is complicated.
I think the greatest virtue is holding your tongue.
I think the grenade knocked out our comms.
I think the guy I saw running down the alley was Tom.
I think the guy standing next to Mary is Tom.
I think the guys are handling this very well.
I think the hardest part of nursing is seeing lots of blood every day.
I think the increasing interest toward MILFs comes from the aging population of porn actresses.
I think the job is done.
I think the job's very occupying.
I think the jokes that Tom tells are funnier than the ones Mary tells.
I think the judge was more than fair.
I think the judge's decision was unfair.
I think the key to good health is to not push yourself too hard.
I think the kids are excited.
I think the language that they're speaking is French.
I think the language they're speaking is French.
I think the leather belt doesn't match your skirt.
I think the love of money is common to us all.
I think the matter is cut and dried.
I think the matter is very close to being resolved.
I think the mayor's done a good job.
I think the meal was wonderful, wasn't it?
I think the meat you can buy at a butcher shop is better than what you can get at a supermarket.
I think the metro is faster.
I think the mistake is mine.
I think the movie is a very heart warming one.
I think the movie is almost over.
I think the movie will be interesting.
I think the museum is closed on Mondays.
I think the music won't be on a hard disk anymore, but rather on virtual servers.
I think the number of common-law marriages is on the rise.
I think the numbers are much smaller than that.
I think the nuts have gone rancid.
I think the one on the left is much better than the one on the right.
I think the one thing this picture shows that's new is the psychological disproportion of the kids' demands on the parents. Parents are often at fault, but the kids have some work to do, too.
I think the only people who can help you are Tom and Mary.
I think the only person who can help you is Tom.
I think the only problem I have now is being shut in at home.
I think the opposite.
I think the other path is safer.
I think the pay is enough.
I think the people of France are very friendly, I hope to visit France one day.
I think the person I saw in the alley is a private investigator.
I think the person I saw talking to Tom was Mary.
I think the person you're looking for might be Tom.
I think the picture is gorgeous.
I think the picture of them is gorgeous.
I think the pizza's here.
I think the plan was perfect.
I think the player was sent off because he swore at the referee.
I think the point's clear.
I think the police should enforce the laws that are on the books.
I think the pope should sell off some of the vast holdings of his church to feed the starving poor.
I think the president's going to veto the bill.
I think the president's tweet speaks for itself.
I think the prices in this store are way too high.
I think the problem is between him and my father-in-law.
I think the question has been answered.
I think the rain will stop soon.
I think the rain's getting heavier.
I think the rain’s getting heavier.
I think the reason Mary is so good at French is that she watches a lot of French movies.
I think the reason Tom and Mary are so good at French is that they watch a lot of French movies.
I think the reason Tom didn't recognize me was because I had a beard the last time he saw me.
I think the reason Tom is so good at French is that he watches a lot of French movies.
I think the reason that Tom didn't recognize me was because I had a beard the last time he saw me.
I think the reason that Tom is so good at French is that he watches a lot of French movies.
I think the reason that he killed his wife is still a mystery.
I think the reason why he killed his wife is still a mystery.
I think the reverse would be more appropriate.
I think the roots of Fadil's problems started growing when he was young.
I think the rumor is true.
I think the rumour is true.
I think the same as they do.
I think the same as you.
I think the same thing is going to happen again.
I think the same way as you do.
I think the same.
I think the sawmill has closed.
I think the search was illegal.
I think the second paragraph should be the opening one.
I think the sentence is okay.
I think the sentence would sound more natural like that.
I think the shirt clashes with that red tie.
I think the shirt clashes with the red tie.
I think the site might be offline.
I think the situation is disgusting.
I think the snow will melt soon.
I think the socialist party will win.
I think the soup needs a bit of salt.
I think the stars have a lot of influence over how we live.
I think the state keeps adding these gas taxes in order to force us to buy electric cars.
I think the storm is coming.
I think the story is true.
I think the sweater Tom is wearing is ugly.
I think the team is capable of more.
I think the time has come for us to do that.
I think the time is right to introduce this product.
I think the train will arrive soon.
I think the train will be here soon.
I think the train will come soon.
I think the train will soon be here.
I think the train's arriving soon.
I think the train's coming soon.
I think the translation of that word is unsuitable.
I think the trial period is up.
I think the tyre is flat.
I think the usual font for Roman script in printed books is so rigid that it hurts the eyes.
I think the visual quality is outstanding.
I think the wallet that Tom found is yours.
I think the way I did it is the way most people do it.
I think the way we used to do this was better.
I think the way you use your honesty can be too hurtful for some people.
I think the weather will be good.
I think the weather will be nice tomorrow.
I think the weather will be nice.
I think the website's down.
I think the whole case fits together uncommonly well.
I think the whole thing was a misunderstanding.
I think the whole truth is in Islam.
I think the wind's dropping off.
I think the wind's dying down.
I think the wind's picking up.
I think the wind’s dropping off.
I think the wind’s picking up.
I think the world is much older than the Bible tells us, but honestly, when I look around — it looks much younger!
I think the world of you.
I think the world would unite if I were the leader of the United States.
I think the worst is over now.
I think the worst is over.
I think the younger generations have a real problem with wanting to build their identity around being a victim, they want to have racism to fight, not fight racism, have racism to fight so badly that when it’s not there, they make it up.
I think their ideas are a lot of garbage.
I think their ideas are a lot of nonsense.
I think their ideas are wrong.
I think there are a lot of beautiful women in Australia (YMMV).
I think there are a lot of beautiful women in Australia.
I think there are a lot of good-looking guys in Australia.
I think there are a lot of good-looking men in Australia.
I think there are a lot of good-looking women in Australia.
I think there are a lot of other people who think the same way.
I think there are a lot of things we need to do.
I think there are enough.
I think there are lots of sites to see here.
I think there are many reasons for that.
I think there are many who binge eat from stress.
I think there are probably few Japanese who know this side of the Emperor Meiji, the side that left a song like this.
I think there are some similarities.
I think there are too many languages in her list.
I think there are too many languages in his list.
I think there are too many lawyers in Boston.
I think there are two answers.
I think there are ways that cities can be green and sustainable and grow a lot of their own food.
I think there aren't as many French speakers in Australia as there used to be.
I think there has been some kind of mistake.
I think there has been some misunderstanding here.
I think there is a more obvious explanation.
I think there is a problem with the tense.
I think there is life on Mars.
I think there is little probability of his succeeding in the enterprise.
I think there is more to this.
I think there is no need for details.
I think there is no point in trying to persuade him.
I think there is someone in here.
I think there isn't any other way to do that.
I think there isn't enough light.
I think there just aren't a lot of people working on the development end of things right now.
I think there might be an animal out there.
I think there must be a bus ride here.
I think there must be much gold in the depths of the Earth.
I think there needs to be reform.
I think there should be a space after the dash.
I think there still is a chance that that'll happen.
I think there still is a chance that'll happen.
I think there was a piece of paper in the box.
I think there's a balance to be had.
I think there's a chance it'll rain tonight.
I think there's a chance that it'll rain tonight.
I think there's a fire in the house.
I think there's a ghost in our attic.
I think there's a good chance Tom will do that.
I think there's a good chance it'll rain tonight.
I think there's a good chance that Tom will do that.
I think there's a good chance that it'll rain tonight.
I think there's a good chance that that'll happen.
I think there's a good chance that we'll never see Tom again.
I think there's a good chance that'll happen.
I think there's a good chance we'll never see Tom again.
I think there's a good possibility that that will happen.
I think there's a good possibility that that'll happen.
I think there's a good possibility that will happen.
I think there's a good possibility that'll happen.
I think there's a hole on your knapsack.
I think there's a job opening up at our company, if you're interested.
I think there's a man in there.
I think there's a market for that.
I think there's a mistake in my bill.
I think there's a mistake on my bill.
I think there's a misunderstanding.
I think there's a place for you here.
I think there's a possibility Tom is going to do that.
I think there's a possibility Tom will do that.
I think there's a possibility Tom won't be there.
I think there's a possibility Tom won't do that.
I think there's a possibility Tom won't want to do that.
I think there's a possibility that Tom and Mary are going to do that.
I think there's a possibility that Tom is going to do that.
I think there's a possibility that Tom will do that.
I think there's a possibility that Tom won't be there.
I think there's a possibility that Tom won't do that.
I think there's a possibility that Tom won't want to do that.
I think there's a problem.
I think there's a real good chance I'll be sticking around.
I think there's a real good possibility of that happening.
I think there's a spy among us.
I think there's been a mistake.
I think there's been a misunderstanding.
I think there's been some kind of mistake.
I think there's been some mistake.
I think there's blame on both sides, you look at, you look at both sides, I think there's blame on both sides, and I have no doubt about it, and you don't have any doubt about it either.
I think there's going to be trouble.
I think there's hope for you yet.
I think there's life on Mars.
I think there's more going on here than meets the eye.
I think there's more going on here than you think there is.
I think there's more to you than meets the eye, Tom.
I think there's no country that begins with 'Zo'.
I think there's no future for me.
I think there's no hope of that happening.
I think there's no point in trying to convince Tom to do that.
I think there's no point in trying to convince her.
I think there's no point in trying to convince him.
I think there's no point in trying to get Tom to do that.
I think there's no point in trying to persuade Tom to do that.
I think there's nothing I can do about that.
I think there's only a slim chance of that happening.
I think there's some real potential here.
I think there's somebody following us.
I think there's somebody in here.
I think there's somebody in the next room.
I think there's someone in here.
I think there's someone out there.
I think there's someone there.
I think there's something Tom wants.
I think there's something going on between Tom and Mary.
I think there's something here you should see.
I think there's something in the box.
I think there's something inside this box.
I think there's something that you're not telling me.
I think there's something we're all missing.
I think there's something we're overlooking.
I think there's something wrong here.
I think there's something wrong with Tom.
I think there's something wrong with you.
I think there's something wrong.
I think there's something you didn't tell me.
I think there's something you're not telling me.
I think there's still a chance Tom will get here on time.
I think there's still a chance that Tom will get here on time.
I think there's still a chance that that'll happen.
I think there's still a chance that'll happen.
I think there's still a concert.
I think there's too much light.
I think therefore I am.
I think therefore I discredit.
I think therefore I'm able to recognize I am.
I think there’s a balance to be had.
I think there’s a mistake in my bill.
I think there’s a mistake on my bill.
I think there’s something wrong with you.
I think these are Tom's shoes.
I think these are fakes.
I think these are genuine.
I think these are principles worth dying for.
I think these are worth at least three hundred dollars.
I think these are yours.
I think these attitudes are behind the times.
I think these principles are worth dying for.
I think these shoes are Tom's.
I think these things are connected.
I think these unemployment benefits are going to be really helpful for a lot of people.
I think they all know.
I think they already sleep at this time.
I think they are a competent person.
I think they are all the same.
I think they are going to Australia just for fun.
I think they are going to have to sell the house.
I think they are happy.
I think they are using you.
I think they both are married.
I think they both deserved to be nominated.
I think they can speak Berber.
I think they could come to the conclusion that it is necessary to preach only in the Tatar language.
I think they could have brought aliens here.
I think they could've at least served us some coffee.
I think they dated for about a week.
I think they did a great job.
I think they did it on purpose.
I think they did that on purpose.
I think they did this.
I think they did you a great disservice.
I think they do it on purpose.
I think they do that on purpose.
I think they don't know I'm a liar.
I think they had an idea.
I think they have a special room in hell for racists.
I think they have been married for five years.
I think they have better coffee at the other place.
I think they have buses that go there.
I think they have it right.
I think they have something to communicate to us.
I think they just woke up.
I think they knew something.
I think they know me.
I think they know us.
I think they know you.
I think they like me.
I think they like us.
I think they like you.
I think they liked me.
I think they look good.
I think they make a terrible couple.
I think they match.
I think they must be at least twice as long.
I think they must be twins, but she says they cannot be so.
I think they really enjoyed themselves.
I think they really like Tom.
I think they really like you.
I think they saw me.
I think they saw us.
I think they saw you.
I think they scared you a bit.
I think they should put a heavy tax on imports.
I think they should repeal that law.
I think they sold you a bad article if ask me.
I think they still haven't got everything.
I think they still haven't solved the problem.
I think they understood everything.
I think they very likely won't help you.
I think they want to destroy the base.
I think they want you to do it.
I think they water down the beer in this bar.
I think they went this way.
I think they went without us.
I think they were all fired.
I think they were all sacked.
I think they were mistaken.
I think they were right.
I think they were surprised.
I think they were talking about Tom.
I think they were talking about me.
I think they were talking about you.
I think they were very brave, considering all they had to go through.
I think they were wrong.
I think they will drink elsewhere.
I think they worry about me.
I think they would make a great couple.
I think they'd be a perfect match for each other.
I think they'd make a cute couple, don't you?
I think they'll all be fine.
I think they'll allow me to do that.
I think they'll allow you to do that.
I think they'll be late.
I think they'll come back.
I think they'll fix the radio this afternoon.
I think they'll have a chance.
I think they'll make a cute couple.
I think they'll permit me to do that.
I think they'll permit you to do that.
I think they'll soon get over it.
I think they'll understand.
I think they'll win.
I think they're a bit small for you.
I think they're a bit too small for you.
I think they're a good team.
I think they're a great couple.
I think they're a little small for you.
I think they're a little too small for you.
I think they're aldermen or something.
I think they're all criminals.
I think they're beautiful.
I think they're both good.
I think they're both right.
I think they're capable of doing that.
I think they're going to paint them white.
I think they're happy.
I think they're having a party in that house.
I think they're hiding something.
I think they're honest people.
I think they're liars.
I think they're lying.
I think they're more complex now.
I think they're not from around here.
I think they're not from here.
I think they're overmedicating Tom.
I think they're plotting something.
I think they're pretty.
I think they're quite the peculiar person though.
I think they're ready.
I think they're right.
I think they're safe.
I think they're students.
I think they're talking about Tom.
I think they're terrific.
I think they're too big for you.
I think they're too small for you.
I think they're trying to intimidate us.
I think they're using you.
I think they're working for Tom.
I think they're working now.
I think they're wrong.
I think they've been great.
I think they've changed the ending.
I think they've confused me with somebody.
I think they've done a good job.
I think they've encountered some kind of problem.
I think they've injected me with poison.
I think they've mistaken the author.
I think things are getting better.
I think things are going to get better soon.
I think things are going well.
I think things like this happen by chance.
I think things will be OK.
I think things will be fine in Algeria.
I think things will be fine.
I think things will get better.
I think things will get trickier as time goes on.
I think things will turn out differently this time.
I think things will work out.
I think this album is amazing.
I think this and that are different things.
I think this and that are separate things.
I think this belongs to me.
I think this belongs to you.
I think this bishop is a wolf in sheep's clothing.
I think this book has never been translated into French.
I think this book is beyond his reach.
I think this book is boring.
I think this book is easy.
I think this book is very good.
I think this book is very interesting.
I think this book is worth reading.
I think this book would be good to read again.
I think this calls for a celebration.
I think this class is boring.
I think this coat might fit you.
I think this coat should fit you.
I think this content is still thought-provoking in recent days.
I think this could happen in Australia, too.
I think this debate is getting close to the level of the absurd.
I think this dictionary is useful for beginners.
I think this dictionary useful for beginners.
I think this dictionary will be of great help to me.
I think this fan is broken.
I think this guy is not joking around.
I think this guy is serious.
I think this has something to do with Tom's problems.
I think this has something to do with Tom.
I think this has something to do with the problem we had last week.
I think this house is beautiful. Should we buy it?
I think this information is accurate.
I think this information will help.
I think this is Esperanto.
I think this is French.
I think this is OK, but I'm not sure.
I think this is Tom's house.
I think this is Tom's umbrella.
I think this is a bad idea.
I think this is a big mistake.
I think this is a case in point.
I think this is a coincidence.
I think this is a conversation for a much later time.
I think this is a dream.
I think this is a fake.
I think this is a good choice.
I think this is a good idea.
I think this is a good project.
I think this is a good rule.
I think this is a good start.
I think this is a good thing.
I think this is a great idea.
I think this is a great place.
I think this is a great system.
I think this is a mistake.
I think this is a nice place.
I think this is a serious and reliable person.
I think this is a serious matter.
I think this is a stupid idea.
I think this is a terrible idea.
I think this is a terrific idea.
I think this is a turning point.
I think this is a very good idea.
I think this is a very good plan.
I think this is a very unfair debate.
I think this is a waste of money.
I think this is a waste of time.
I think this is absolutely normal!
I think this is actually a really important question.
I think this is all right.
I think this is amazing.
I think this is an emergency.
I think this is an excellent idea.
I think this is beside the point right now.
I think this is better.
I think this is blue.
I think this is delicious.
I think this is dumb.
I think this is enough.
I think this is exactly what Tom and Mary want.
I think this is exactly what Tom wants.
I think this is exactly what we need.
I think this is exactly what you're after.
I think this is extremely questionable.
I think this is fair.
I think this is for you.
I think this is fresh concrete.
I think this is from Tom.
I think this is funny.
I think this is genuine.
I think this is going to be a good seller.
I think this is going to sell well.
I think this is going to work.
I think this is good for us.
I think this is good.
I think this is great.
I think this is his umbrella.
I think this is horrible.
I think this is important.
I think this is impossible.
I think this is inappropriate.
I think this is irrelevant now.
I think this is mine.
I think this is money well spent.
I think this is more than just a coincidence.
I think this is much better. What do you think?
I think this is much better; how about you?
I think this is my bicycle.
I think this is my favorite Black Sabbath song.
I think this is one of our problems.
I think this is our stop.
I think this is part of the problem.
I think this is perfect.
I think this is pretty cool.
I think this is pretty nice.
I think this is pretty outrageous.
I think this is real bad.
I think this is real.
I think this is really exciting.
I think this is really interesting.
I think this is ridiculous.
I think this is right.
I think this is some kind of mistake.
I think this is something Tom would really have enjoyed.
I think this is something that Tom didn't want us to find.
I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship.
I think this is the best Chinese restaurant in Boston.
I think this is the best Halloween ever.
I think this is the best meal I've ever eaten.
I think this is the best one.
I think this is the best part of the movie.
I think this is the best part.
I think this is the best place to eat in town.
I think this is the best plan.
I think this is the best restaurant in Boston.
I think this is the best school in Australia.
I think this is the best school in Boston.
I think this is the best way to do it.
I think this is the best way to do this.
I think this is the best way.
I think this is the end.
I think this is the first step to learning the truth.
I think this is the first time Mary has done that by herself.
I think this is the first time Tom and I have done that by ourselves.
I think this is the first time Tom and I've done that by ourselves.
I think this is the first time Tom and Mary have done that by themselves.
I think this is the first time Tom and Mary have done that without help.
I think this is the first time Tom and Mary have done that.
I think this is the first time Tom has done that by himself.
I think this is the first time Tom has done that without help.
I think this is the first time Tom has done that.
I think this is the first time Tom has tried to do that.
I think this is the first time that Tom and I've done that by ourselves.
I think this is the first time that Tom has done that by himself.
I think this is the first time that Tom has done that without help.
I think this is the first time that Tom has done that.
I think this is the first time that Tom has tried to do that.
I think this is the most impressive building on Park Street.
I think this is the oldest oak tree on this island.
I think this is the only way to do it.
I think this is the only way to do this.
I think this is the only way to get rid of cockroaches.
I think this is the perfect place to do that.
I think this is the reason why you don't like me so much.
I think this is the right path.
I think this is the tallest tree that I've ever seen.
I think this is the way it should be done.
I think this is the way to do it.
I think this is the wrong key.
I think this is too easy.
I think this is too expensive.
I think this is totally absurd.
I think this is totally outrageous.
I think this is true.
I think this is very bad news.
I think this is very dangerous, and in general, a bad idea.
I think this is very important.
I think this is very positive.
I think this is very rare.
I think this is what is called losing the battle but winning the war.
I think this is what people want.
I think this is what we need.
I think this is what you're looking for.
I think this is where I belong.
I think this is why we have a homeless problem in this city.
I think this is why you're here.
I think this is wrong and very ugly, but I can't do anything to fix it.
I think this is wrong.
I think this is yours.
I think this isn't correct.
I think this isn't enough.
