Tom was right next to me the whole time.
Tom was right not to agree to do that.
Tom was right not to do that.
Tom was right not to go there by himself.
Tom was right on target.
Tom was right on time.
Tom was right outside waiting for us.
Tom was right the first time.
Tom was right to keep silent.
Tom was right to worry.
Tom was right when he said that I wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom was right, wasn't he?
Tom was right.
Tom was risking losing his job by talking to his boss that way.
Tom was riveted to the floor out of fear, when he came across an intruder in his study.
Tom was robbed again.
Tom was robbed at gunpoint.
Tom was robbed at knife-point.
Tom was robbed in Australia.
Tom was robbed of his money on his way home.
Tom was robbed while walking late at night.
Tom was robbed.
Tom was roughed up by ruffians.
Tom was roughed up by the police.
Tom was rowing.
Tom was rude and obnoxious.
Tom was rude to Mary's parents.
Tom was rude to Mary.
Tom was rude to everybody.
Tom was rude to everyone.
Tom was rude to me today.
Tom was rude to me.
Tom was rude to my parents.
Tom was rude to the waitress.
Tom was rude to us.
Tom was rude, wasn't he?
Tom was rude.
Tom was rudely interrupted.
Tom was ruined by his gambling addiction.
Tom was ruined.
Tom was ruining things for everybody.
Tom was ruining things for everyone.
Tom was rummaging through some of his stuff when Mary walked into the room.
Tom was run down by a truck.
Tom was run over by a car.
Tom was run over by a lorry.
Tom was run over by a truck.
Tom was run over by the car.
Tom was running after my sister.
Tom was running around like a chicken with its head cut off.
Tom was running around the streets drunk and naked.
Tom was running down the street drunk and naked.
Tom was running for safety.
Tom was running from the police.
Tom was running in the woods.
Tom was running out of MP, so he used a mana potion.
Tom was running out of mana, so he used a mana potion.
Tom was running pretty fast, but we caught him anyway.
Tom was running the show.
Tom was running.
Tom was rushed immediately to the hospital.
Tom was rushed to a hospital in a critical condition.
Tom was rushed to a hospital.
Tom was rushed to a local hospital.
Tom was rushed to a nearby hospital.
Tom was rushed to hospital having been found unconscious at home.
Tom was rushed to hospital in a critical condition.
Tom was rushed to hospital.
Tom was rushed to the emergency room.
Tom was rushed to the hospital after being found unconscious in his home.
Tom was rushed to the hospital in a critical condition.
Tom was rushed to the hospital in an ambulance.
Tom was rushed to the hospital.
Tom was ruthless.
Tom was sacked for criticising his manager.
Tom was sacked in 2013.
Tom was sacked in October.
Tom was sacked not long ago.
Tom was sacked recently.
Tom was sacked.
Tom was sad and lonely.
Tom was sad and upset.
Tom was sad because he knew there was only ten minutes of sunshine left.
Tom was sad because he was the only one not invited to the party.
Tom was sad when he discovered that Mary was a gold digger and Mary was sad when she discovered that Tom was poor.
Tom was sad when he heard his and Mary's favourite song after they'd broken up.
Tom was sad when his country's team was eliminated from the tournament.
Tom was sad when his grandmother passed away.
Tom was sad.
Tom was saddened by the tragedy.
Tom was saddened.
Tom was safe.
Tom was salivating.
Tom was sarcastic.
Tom was satisfied that the salesman was honest.
Tom was satisfied the salesman was honest.
Tom was satisfied with Mary's answers.
Tom was satisfied with his job until now.
Tom was satisfied with how things turned out.
Tom was satisfied with the harvest.
Tom was satisfied with the result.
Tom was satisfied with the results.
Tom was satisfied with the way I did that.
Tom was satisfied with the way Mary cleaned his house.
Tom was satisfied with the way we did that.
Tom was satisfied with the work Mary had done.
Tom was satisfied, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was satisfied.
Tom was savagely beaten.
Tom was saved by Mary with the help of Narcan.
Tom was saved by Mary.
Tom was saved by Narcan applied by Mary.
Tom was saved by a passer-by.
Tom was saved from drowning.
Tom was saved.
Tom was saying he'd do that or do something like that.
Tom was scammed by Nigerian scammers.
Tom was scammed by a con artist.
Tom was scammed out of several thousand dollars while attempting to find a mail-order bride on the internet.
Tom was scammed.
Tom was scandalized.
Tom was scared Mary would say no.
Tom was scared Mary would shoot him with her father's rifle.
Tom was scared Mary would shoot him with her father’s rifle.
Tom was scared and I was scared, too.
Tom was scared and confused.
Tom was scared but uninjured.
Tom was scared for Mary.
Tom was scared for his life.
Tom was scared of Mary, but Mary wasn't scared of him.
Tom was scared of Mary.
Tom was scared of doing something wrong.
Tom was scared of everything.
Tom was scared of me.
Tom was scared of my dog.
Tom was scared of my dogs.
Tom was scared of something.
Tom was scared of the dog at the gate, so he didn't enter.
Tom was scared of the police.
Tom was scared of the zombies.
Tom was scared out of his wits.
Tom was scared stiff.
Tom was scared that Mary would say no.
Tom was scared that he'd fall down.
Tom was scared that you got lost.
Tom was scared to admit he didn't know.
Tom was scared to admit that he didn't know.
Tom was scared to ask questions because he didn't want to look stupid.
Tom was scared to cross the road.
Tom was scared to death.
Tom was scared to do anything.
Tom was scared to do it.
Tom was scared to do that.
Tom was scared to go by himself.
Tom was scared to go in the cave by himself.
Tom was scared to go in the cave.
Tom was scared to go into the cave by himself.
Tom was scared to go into the cave.
Tom was scared to go outside.
Tom was scared to go there by himself.
Tom was scared to go to bed.
Tom was scared to laugh.
Tom was scared to say anything.
Tom was scared to talk.
Tom was scared to tell Mary where he'd been.
Tom was scared to walk through the woods alone.
Tom was scared to walk through the woods at night.
Tom was scared to walk through the woods by himself.
Tom was scared to walk through the woods.
Tom was scared when he saw the dead body.
Tom was scared, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was scared, too.
Tom was scared.
Tom was scaring us.
Tom was scary.
Tom was scheduled for a checkup.
Tom was scheduled to fly back to Boston today.
Tom was scolded by his boss for showing up late for work.
Tom was scolded by his boss getting to work late.
Tom was scolded by his father.
Tom was scolded by his mother.
Tom was scolded by his parents.
Tom was scolded by the teacher.
Tom was scolded for being late.
Tom was scolded for being lazy.
Tom was scolded.
Tom was scratched by a feral cat.
Tom was screaming and crying.
Tom was screaming and hollering.
Tom was screaming and yelling.
Tom was screaming at Mary.
Tom was screaming at me.
Tom was screaming at the top of his lungs.
Tom was screaming for help.
Tom was screaming in French.
Tom was screaming in pain.
Tom was screaming.
Tom was scrubbing the floor.
Tom was searched by the police.
Tom was searched.
Tom was searching for his wife Mary.
Tom was seated at a table by the sidewalk.
Tom was seated at the table wrapping presents.
Tom was seated between Mary and John.
Tom was seated by my side.
Tom was seated in the driver's seat of the car.
Tom was seated, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was second.
Tom was secretly in love with Mary.
Tom was secretly pleased.
Tom was secretly very excited.
Tom was seduced by Mary's impressive language skills.
Tom was seen at the scene of the murder.
Tom was seen by a guard.
Tom was seen by no one, but he himself saw everyone.
Tom was seen climbing in a window.
Tom was seen coming out of Mary's house the night she was murdered.
Tom was seen doing that.
Tom was seen entering the bank on the night of the murder.
Tom was seen in the park that morning.
Tom was seen leaving Mary's house that night.
Tom was seen leaving the bank just before the explosion.
Tom was seen leaving the building at about 2:30 in the afternoon.
Tom was seen on October 20th in Boston.
Tom was seen on surveillance camera footage stuffing merchandise down his pants.
Tom was seen scrumping apples from the neighbour's tree.
Tom was seen stealing apples from the neighbor's tree.
Tom was seen stealing apples from the neighbor’s tree.
Tom was seen stealing food.
Tom was seized with fear.
Tom was selected to replace Mary.
Tom was selected.
Tom was self-conscious about his appearance.
Tom was self-conscious.
Tom was self-motivated.
Tom was self-published.
Tom was selfish.
Tom was selling bread.
Tom was sending Mary his nude selfies.
Tom was sending Mary mixed signals.
Tom was sending her mixed signals.
Tom was sensible about that.
Tom was sensible.
Tom was sensitive.
Tom was sent away to a mental hospital.
Tom was sent away to an insane asylum.
Tom was sent back to Boston.
Tom was sent by his company to Boston.
Tom was sent here to take over.
Tom was sent home.
Tom was sent off the pitch for unsportsmanlike behaviour.
Tom was sent off to prison.
Tom was sent on a business trip to Moscow.
Tom was sent on a mission.
Tom was sent on an errand to the store.
Tom was sent there by his father.
Tom was sent there to set them free.
Tom was sent to Australia.
Tom was sent to Boston.
Tom was sent to Coventry.
Tom was sent to a mental hospital.
Tom was sent to a prisoner camp.
Tom was sent to a state penitentiary.
Tom was sent to death row.
Tom was sent to detention.
Tom was sent to his room, because he made his sister cry.
Tom was sent to jail for murder.
Tom was sent to jail for the robbery.
Tom was sent to meet the warden.
Tom was sent to prison.
Tom was sent to remove the snow.
Tom was sent to sleep in the oven.
Tom was sent to the head teacher's office today.
Tom was sent to the headmaster's office today.
Tom was sent to the principal's office today.
Tom was sent to the principal's office.
Tom was sent to the worst prison in the country.
Tom was sentenced last October.
Tom was sentenced to 10 years in prison.
Tom was sentenced to 13 months.
Tom was sentenced to 20 years in prison.
Tom was sentenced to 30 years.
Tom was sentenced to community service.
Tom was sentenced to death.
Tom was sentenced to exile.
Tom was sentenced to fifteen years in jail for being an accessory to murder.
Tom was sentenced to five days in jail and a year on probation for drunken driving.
Tom was sentenced to five months in prison.
Tom was sentenced to life in a prison for the criminally insane.
Tom was sentenced to life in prison without parole.
Tom was sentenced to life in prison.
Tom was sentenced to life without parole.
Tom was sentenced to life.
Tom was sentenced to one year of house arrest.
Tom was sentenced to one year of probation.
Tom was sentenced to probation and community service.
Tom was sentenced to ten lashes.
Tom was sentenced to thirteen years for manslaughter.
Tom was sentenced to thirty years in prison.
Tom was sentenced to thirty years.
Tom was sentenced to three months behind bars.
Tom was sentenced to three weeks of community service.
Tom was sentenced to three years in a state prison.
Tom was sentenced to three years in federal prison.
Tom was sentenced to three years in prison.
Tom was sentenced to three years.
Tom was serious, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was serious, wasn't he?
Tom was serious.
Tom was seriously hurt.
Tom was seriously ill.
Tom was seriously injured in a traffic accident a few days ago.
Tom was seriously injured in a traffic accident.
Tom was seriously injured in the accident.
Tom was seriously injured.
Tom was seriously offended by that.
Tom was seriously wounded and bleeding.
Tom was seriously wounded.
Tom was serving drinks to his guests.
Tom was set free.
Tom was set up.
Tom was setting the table.
Tom was seventeen when he started working.
Tom was seventh on the list.
Tom was severely beaten by his editor for ending a sentence with a preposition.
Tom was severely beaten by the police.
Tom was severely beaten.
Tom was severely burned.
Tom was severely dehydrated after three days in a life raft.
Tom was severely hurt.
Tom was severely injured in an ultralight flying accident.
Tom was severely injured, too.
Tom was severely injured.
Tom was severely punished.
Tom was sewing.
Tom was shaken by the accident.
Tom was shaken by the experience.
Tom was shaken by the news of Mary's death.
Tom was shaken, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was shaken.
Tom was shaking like a leaf.
Tom was shaking with anger.
Tom was shaking with laughter.
Tom was shaking.
Tom was sharp.
Tom was shaving.
Tom was shirtless and barefoot.
Tom was shirtless.
Tom was shitfaced.
Tom was shivering and coughing.
Tom was shivering with cold.
Tom was shivering, and his teeth were chattering.
Tom was shivering.
Tom was shocked and bewildered.
Tom was shocked and humiliated.
Tom was shocked by Mary's answer.
Tom was shocked by Mary's appearance.
Tom was shocked by Mary's attitude.
Tom was shocked by Mary's behavior.
Tom was shocked by Mary's rudeness.
Tom was shocked by Mary's violent reaction.
Tom was shocked by Mary’s behavior.
Tom was shocked by the answer.
Tom was shocked by the news that his father had had a heart attack.
Tom was shocked by this.
Tom was shocked by what Mary advised him to do.
Tom was shocked by what Mary did.
Tom was shocked by what Mary said he should do.
Tom was shocked by what Mary said that he should do.
Tom was shocked by what Mary said.
Tom was shocked by what Mary suggested he do.
Tom was shocked by what Mary suggested that he do.
Tom was shocked by what Mary suggested.
Tom was shocked by what happened.
Tom was shocked by what he saw.
Tom was shocked to find out what had happened.
Tom was shocked to hear that Mary had been injured in a traffic accident.
Tom was shocked to hear that Mary had died.
Tom was shocked to hear that Mary had gotten into Harvard.
Tom was shocked to learn that Facebook collected so much information on him.
Tom was shocked to learn that the DNA was Mary's.
Tom was shocked to see how much his mother had deteriorated since he last saw her six months ago.
Tom was shocked when I told him about what happened.
Tom was shocked when I told him that.
Tom was shocked when I told him what I did.
Tom was shocked when I told him what I planned to do.
Tom was shocked when I told him what Mary did.
Tom was shocked when I told him what Mary had bought.
Tom was shocked when I told him what had happened.
Tom was shocked when he found out people were making sentences about him, Mary, John, and Alice on Tatoeba.
Tom was shocked when he found out that Mary had been arrested.
Tom was shocked when he heard that Mary had been arrested.
Tom was shocked when he heard what had happened.
Tom was shocked when he learned that Mary had been arrested.
Tom was shocked when he saw Mary again after many years.
Tom was shocked when he saw Mary crying.
Tom was shocked when he saw Mary doing that.
Tom was shocked when he saw Mary kissing John.
Tom was shocked when he saw how old Mary had become.
Tom was shocked when that happened.
Tom was shocked when the classic rock station played a band from when he was a teenager.
Tom was shocked, and just stood there gaping like an idiot.
Tom was shocked, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was shocked.
Tom was shooting at Mary.
Tom was shooting at rats with a slingshot.
Tom was shooting at us.
Tom was shooting baskets.
Tom was shopping.
Tom was shorter than me in junior high school, but now he's taller than me.
Tom was shorter than me last year, but now he's taller.
Tom was shorter than me up until last year.
Tom was shorter than me when we were kids.
Tom was shorter than the other students in his kindergarten class.
Tom was shot again.
Tom was shot and killed in front of the restaurant he owned.
Tom was shot and killed.
Tom was shot and left for dead.
Tom was shot at close range.
Tom was shot attempting to escape.
Tom was shot by a cop.
Tom was shot by a firing squad.
Tom was shot by a guard.
Tom was shot by a police officer.
Tom was shot by a policeman.
Tom was shot by a sniper.
Tom was shot by accident.
Tom was shot dead in front of his house.
Tom was shot dead.
Tom was shot down in the street in front of the church.
Tom was shot in Boston.
Tom was shot in cold blood.
Tom was shot in front of his house.
Tom was shot in front of the restaurant where he worked.
Tom was shot in his chest.
Tom was shot in his left leg.
Tom was shot in the abdomen.
Tom was shot in the arm.
Tom was shot in the back of the head.
Tom was shot in the back.
Tom was shot in the chest.
Tom was shot in the head.
Tom was shot in the leg.
Tom was shot in the neck.
Tom was shot last October.
Tom was shot multiple times when he was trying to protect Mary.
Tom was shot multiple times.
Tom was shot three times in his back.
Tom was shot three times in the back of his head.
Tom was shot three times in the back.
Tom was shot three times in the chest.
Tom was shot three times in the head.
Tom was shot three times point blank.
Tom was shot three times with his own gun.
Tom was shot three times.
Tom was shot through the forehead.
Tom was shot through the heart with an arrow from a crossbow.
Tom was shot through the heart.
Tom was shot to death by a vigilante.
Tom was shot to death in his home three weeks ago.
Tom was shot to death.
Tom was shot tonight.
Tom was shot trying to run away.
Tom was shot twice in the abdomen.
Tom was shot twice in the chest.
Tom was shot twice in the head.
Tom was shot when he surprised the burglars.
Tom was shot while attempting to escape.
Tom was shot while robbing a convenience store.
Tom was shot with a poisoned arrow.
Tom was shot with his own gun.
Tom was shot, but he survived.
Tom was shot, too.
Tom was shot.
Tom was shouting at Mary.
Tom was shouting at somebody.
Tom was shouting at someone.
Tom was shouting in French.
Tom was shouting instructions.
Tom was shouting.
Tom was shoveling the snow.
Tom was showing Mary how to fly a kite.
Tom was showing Mary how to unclog a drain.
Tom was shown to his seat.
Tom was shunned after he deposited a stack of checks with his cellphone at a hipster coffee shop.
Tom was shunned as a form of punishment.
Tom was shy at first.
Tom was shy at the beginning.
Tom was shy in high school.
Tom was shy, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was shy.
Tom was sick and missed two weeks of practice.
Tom was sick and stayed home from school.
Tom was sick at that time.
Tom was sick down his shirt.
Tom was sick for a long time.
Tom was sick for three days.
Tom was sick for three weeks.
Tom was sick in bed all day yesterday.
Tom was sick in bed all last month.
Tom was sick in bed all last week.
Tom was sick in bed and couldn't go to work yesterday.
Tom was sick in bed for a week.
Tom was sick in bed for about three months.
Tom was sick in bed for one week.
Tom was sick in bed for three days.
Tom was sick in bed for three weeks.
Tom was sick in bed last Monday.
Tom was sick in bed last Sunday.
Tom was sick in bed last month.
Tom was sick in bed yesterday.
Tom was sick last week and couldn't go to school.
Tom was sick last week.
Tom was sick of his job, so he quit.
Tom was sick of his job.
Tom was sick of them all.
Tom was sick over Christmas.
Tom was sick then.
Tom was sick this week.
Tom was sick yesterday.
Tom was sick, and Mary was, too.
Tom was sick, and so was Mary.
Tom was sick, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was sick, so I stayed home to take care of him.
Tom was sick, so he couldn't come to my birthday party.
Tom was sick, so he couldn't come.
Tom was sick, so he didn't come.
Tom was sick.
Tom was signing autographs in front of the theater.
Tom was silenced.
Tom was silent for a long time.
Tom was silent for a minute.
Tom was silent for a moment.
Tom was silent for quite a while.
Tom was silent the whole time.
Tom was silent, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was silent.
Tom was silly.
Tom was simply awful.
Tom was simply buying time.
Tom was simply devastated.
Tom was simply doing his job.
Tom was simply in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Tom was simply stating the obvious.
Tom was sincere.
Tom was sincerely impressed.
Tom was singing a rock ballad.
Tom was singing a song that I didn't know.
Tom was singing a song.
Tom was singing in French.
Tom was singing softly in French.
Tom was singing with the children sitting around the campfire.
Tom was singing.
Tom was single all his life.
Tom was single at that time.
Tom was single back then.
Tom was single.
Tom was singled out for praise.
Tom was sipping his margarita.
Tom was sitting about three feet from the door.
Tom was sitting across the table from Mary.
Tom was sitting all alone.
Tom was sitting all by himself at the counter.
Tom was sitting all by himself.
Tom was sitting alone at a private table eating the most expensive meal that the restaurant served.
Tom was sitting alone at one of the tables near the door.
Tom was sitting alone at the bar, drinking a beer.
Tom was sitting alone at the bar.
Tom was sitting alone at the counter.
Tom was sitting alone at the kitchen table when Mary walked in.
Tom was sitting alone in a corner booth, eating his lunch.
Tom was sitting alone in his apartment.
Tom was sitting alone in his room.
Tom was sitting alone in the back of the auditorium.
Tom was sitting alone in the cafeteria.
Tom was sitting alone in the canteen.
Tom was sitting alone in the dark waiting for Mary.
Tom was sitting alone in the dark.
Tom was sitting alone in the park, reading a book.
Tom was sitting alone on a bench.
Tom was sitting alone, reading a book.
Tom was sitting alone.
Tom was sitting astride his horse at dusk when a ball of fire streaked across the sky, lighting up his face and making his eyes gleam.
Tom was sitting at a nearby table.
Tom was sitting at a table by himself.
Tom was sitting at a table in the corner.
Tom was sitting at a table near the window with Mary.
Tom was sitting at a table near the window with his date.
Tom was sitting at a table near the window.
Tom was sitting at his computer, working.
Tom was sitting at his computer.
Tom was sitting at his desk the last time I saw him.
Tom was sitting at his desk when a giant asteroid collided with the earth.
Tom was sitting at his desk, doing his work.
Tom was sitting at his desk, drawing a picture.
Tom was sitting at his desk, flipping through an old photo album.
Tom was sitting at his desk, pretending to study.
Tom was sitting at his desk.
Tom was sitting at home in his pajamas watching TV and eating pizza.
Tom was sitting at home in his pajamas watching TV.
Tom was sitting at the back of the bus.
Tom was sitting at the bar by himself.
Tom was sitting at the bar drinking a Bloody Mary.
Tom was sitting at the bar three stools away from Mary.
Tom was sitting at the bar three stools away, drinking beer.
Tom was sitting at the counter all alone.
Tom was sitting at the counter by himself.
Tom was sitting at the counter reading a magazine when the phone rang.
Tom was sitting at the counter.
Tom was sitting at the dining table when the phone rang.
Tom was sitting at the foot of the stairs.
Tom was sitting at the next table.
Tom was sitting at the table with Mary.
Tom was sitting at the table.
Tom was sitting behind me.
Tom was sitting behind of Mary.
Tom was sitting below a peach tree.
Tom was sitting below an apple tree.
Tom was sitting beside Mary.
Tom was sitting between Mary and John.
Tom was sitting between his parents.
Tom was sitting by himself at a table in the corner and was reading a book.
Tom was sitting by himself at a table near the window, drinking coffee.
Tom was sitting by himself on the porch and reading a book.
Tom was sitting by himself on the porch, reading a book.
Tom was sitting by himself on the porch.
Tom was sitting by himself, drinking wine.
Tom was sitting by himself.
Tom was sitting by the fire, talking with Mary.
Tom was sitting by the fire.
Tom was sitting by the fireplace.
Tom was sitting by the fountain that last time I saw him.
Tom was sitting by the pool, reading a book.
Tom was sitting by the window.
Tom was sitting cross-legged on his bed, typing on his laptop.
Tom was sitting cross-legged on the floor.
Tom was sitting down.
Tom was sitting here for a while and then he got up and left.
Tom was sitting here not too long ago.
Tom was sitting here on the couch with me until Mary got home.
Tom was sitting here with me not too long ago.
Tom was sitting in a comfortable armchair, reading the evening newspaper.
Tom was sitting in a corner of the room by himself.
Tom was sitting in a rocking chair, smoking a pipe.
Tom was sitting in an armchair, reading a book.
Tom was sitting in an armchair.
Tom was sitting in an easy chair, watching TV.
Tom was sitting in class, lost in daydreams, when the teacher rapped her cane on his desk.
Tom was sitting in front of Mary.
Tom was sitting in front of a group of children, telling them a story.
Tom was sitting in front of the fireplace.
Tom was sitting in his car outside the restaurant.
Tom was sitting in his rocker.
Tom was sitting in his rocking chair.
Tom was sitting in my favorite chair.
Tom was sitting in one corner of the room, and Mary was sitting in another.
Tom was sitting in that chair over there this morning.
Tom was sitting in the back of the auditorium with his eyes closed.
Tom was sitting in the back of the auditorium.
Tom was sitting in the back of the bus.
Tom was sitting in the back of the classroom.
Tom was sitting in the back seat.
Tom was sitting in the back.
Tom was sitting in the backseat.
Tom was sitting in the corner by himself.
Tom was sitting in the corner, not talking to anybody.
Tom was sitting in the corner, not talking to anyone.
Tom was sitting in the corner.
Tom was sitting in the dark thinking about what had happened.
Tom was sitting in the dark, smoking a cigar.
Tom was sitting in the dark, smoking a cigarette.
Tom was sitting in the dark, smoking.
Tom was sitting in the dark.
Tom was sitting in the driver's seat.
Tom was sitting in the dugout with his teammates.
Tom was sitting in the front of the bus.
Tom was sitting in the front passenger seat when the accident happened.
Tom was sitting in the front passenger seat.
Tom was sitting in the front pew.
Tom was sitting in the front row, the first seat on the right.
Tom was sitting in the front row.
Tom was sitting in the front seat.
Tom was sitting in the garden.
Tom was sitting in the kitchen, reading a newspaper.
Tom was sitting in the last row.
Tom was sitting in the library, reading a book.
Tom was sitting in the living room folding laundry.
Tom was sitting in the middle of the front row at Mary's concert.
Tom was sitting in the passenger seat of Mary's car.
Tom was sitting in the shade of a tree and reading a book.
Tom was sitting in the third row.
Tom was sitting just behind Mary.
Tom was sitting just behind the bus driver.
Tom was sitting just in front of Mary.
Tom was sitting near a very attractive woman.
Tom was sitting near the stove.
Tom was sitting near the window.
Tom was sitting near two men in expensive suits.
Tom was sitting next to Maria.
Tom was sitting next to Mary and trying hard not to yawn.
Tom was sitting next to Mary, but they weren't talking to each other.
Tom was sitting next to Mary.
Tom was sitting next to me.
Tom was sitting on a bench eating something that looked like an apple.
Tom was sitting on a bench in the park, reading a book.
Tom was sitting on a bench in the park.
Tom was sitting on a bench, waiting for Mary.
Tom was sitting on a bench.
Tom was sitting on a crate, playing guitar.
Tom was sitting on a log by the campfire, playing his guitar.
Tom was sitting on a log, playing guitar.
Tom was sitting on a log.
Tom was sitting on a park bench over there just a few minutes ago.
Tom was sitting on a rock.
Tom was sitting on a stool by the stove.
Tom was sitting on a tree stump with Mary on his lap.
Tom was sitting on a tree stump, eating a piece of pie.
Tom was sitting on a wall and looking out at the ocean.
Tom was sitting on a yoga ball.
Tom was sitting on his bed when I entered his room.
Tom was sitting on his bed.
Tom was sitting on his desk.
Tom was sitting on his mother's lap.
Tom was sitting on that bench over there not too long ago.
Tom was sitting on that bench over there until just a few minutes ago.
Tom was sitting on that stump over there not too long ago.
Tom was sitting on the back porch, reading a novel.
Tom was sitting on the bed.
Tom was sitting on the bench at the bus stop.
Tom was sitting on the bench by himself.
Tom was sitting on the bench over there not too long ago.
Tom was sitting on the bench.
Tom was sitting on the couch alone.
Tom was sitting on the couch by himself.
Tom was sitting on the couch next to Mary.
Tom was sitting on the couch with Mary watching TV.
Tom was sitting on the couch with his arm around Mary.
Tom was sitting on the couch, watching TV.
Tom was sitting on the couch.
Tom was sitting on the edge of the bed.
Tom was sitting on the edge of the desk playing his ukulele.
Tom was sitting on the floor playing his bongos.
Tom was sitting on the floor, crying.
Tom was sitting on the floor, playing with a toy truck.
Tom was sitting on the floor, surrounded by a group of children.
Tom was sitting on the floor, watching TV.
Tom was sitting on the floor.
Tom was sitting on the grass reading a story to a group of children who sat around him.
Tom was sitting on the grass.
Tom was sitting on the hood of the car.
Tom was sitting on the park bench with his eyes closed.
Tom was sitting on the patio.
Tom was sitting on the pier fishing all morning.
Tom was sitting on the porch and reading a book.
Tom was sitting on the porch studying French.
Tom was sitting on the porch with Mary.
Tom was sitting on the porch, playing his banjo.
Tom was sitting on the porch, reading a book.
Tom was sitting on the porch, reading a magazine.
Tom was sitting on the porch.
Tom was sitting on the sofa by himself.
Tom was sitting on the sofa when I entered the room.
Tom was sitting on the sofa.
Tom was sitting on the steps.
Tom was sitting on the stoop.
Tom was sitting on the table when his father came into the room.
Tom was sitting on the table.
Tom was sitting on the wall, smoking a cigarette.
Tom was sitting opposite Mary.
Tom was sitting opposite me at the meeting.
Tom was sitting outside on the porch.
Tom was sitting outside on the veranda.
Tom was sitting outside.
Tom was sitting over there all morning.
Tom was sitting over there by himself.
Tom was sitting over there just a minute ago.
Tom was sitting over there just a while ago.
Tom was sitting over there not too long ago.
Tom was sitting over there the whole time.
Tom was sitting over there.
Tom was sitting quietly by himself.
Tom was sitting quietly in the waiting room.
Tom was sitting right next to Mary.
Tom was sitting right there.
Tom was sitting silent for half an hour.
Tom was sitting there, reading a book.
Tom was sitting there.
Tom was sitting three tables away from us.
Tom was sitting under a tree, drinking wine.
Tom was sitting under a tree, reading a book.
Tom was sitting under a tree.
Tom was sitting under that tree over there just a few minutes ago.
Tom was sitting up straight.
Tom was sitting very close to Mary.
Tom was sitting with Mary in the cafeteria.
Tom was sitting with Mary.
Tom was sitting with his friends.
Tom was sitting with some of his friends.
Tom was skating with his friends all afternoon.
Tom was skating.
Tom was skeptical at first.
Tom was skeptical of Mary's business plan, but he kept an open mind about it.
Tom was skeptical of Mary's story.
Tom was skeptical, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was skeptical.
Tom was skiing down a mountain.
Tom was skiing very fast before the accident.
Tom was skiing very fast when the accident happened.
Tom was skiing with his father when the accident happened.
Tom was skiing.
Tom was skinny at that time.
Tom was skinny back then.
Tom was skinny.
Tom was skipping rocks on the pond.
Tom was skittish.
Tom was slandering you.
Tom was sleeping at that time.
Tom was sleeping by the time I got home.
Tom was sleeping during the working hours.
Tom was sleeping in a sleeping bag.
Tom was sleeping in class.
Tom was sleeping in his car.
Tom was sleeping in the back of the classroom.
Tom was sleeping like a baby.
Tom was sleeping like a log.
Tom was sleeping on that bench over there not too long ago.
Tom was sleeping on the bench.
Tom was sleeping on the couch most of the afternoon.
Tom was sleeping on the couch when Mary got home.
Tom was sleeping on the sofa when I walked into the room.
Tom was sleeping on the sofa.
Tom was sleeping peacefully.
Tom was sleeping rough for a while after being evicted from his apartment.
Tom was sleeping soundly next to Mary.
Tom was sleeping soundly on the couch.
Tom was sleeping under his bed.
Tom was sleeping under the table.
Tom was sleeping when I got home.
Tom was sleeping when I looked into his room.
Tom was sleeping when Mary got home.
Tom was sleeping when Mary rang the doorbell.
Tom was sleeping when the doorbell rang.
Tom was sleeping, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was sleeping, wasn't he?
Tom was sleeping.
Tom was sleepwalking.
Tom was sleepy and I was, too.
Tom was sleepy and so was I.
Tom was sleepy, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was sleepy.
Tom was slightly better yesterday.
Tom was slightly confused.
Tom was slightly excited.
Tom was slightly worried about that.
Tom was sloppy.
Tom was sloshed.
Tom was slouched in a chair.
Tom was slow to take the hint.
Tom was slow, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was slow.
Tom was slugged.
Tom was small for his age.
Tom was small in stature.
Tom was smart about the way he planned everything out.
Tom was smart about the way he set all of this up.
Tom was smart enough not to be deceived.
Tom was smart enough not to do what Mary asked him to do.
Tom was smart enough not to tell Mary what he really thought about her new hairstyle.
Tom was smart enough not to try doing that by himself.
Tom was smart enough to escape.
Tom was smart enough to figure out what was wrong.
Tom was smart enough to figure that out.
Tom was smart enough to listen to Mary's advice.
Tom was smart enough to not try doing that by himself.
Tom was smart enough to realize he shouldn't be there.
Tom was smart enough to realize that he shouldn't be there.
Tom was smart enough to shut up.
Tom was smart not to sell his house at that time.
Tom was smart.
Tom was smarter than the rest of us.
Tom was smartly dressed.
Tom was smashed.
Tom was smiling as if nothing had happened.
Tom was smiling at me whereas I was frowning at him.
Tom was smiling for no apparent reason.
Tom was smiling from ear to ear.
Tom was smiling when he entered the room.
Tom was smiling, but Mary was frowning.
Tom was smiling.
Tom was smitten by Mary.
Tom was smitten with Mary.
Tom was smoking a cigar.
Tom was smoking a hand-rolled clove cigarette.
Tom was smoking his pipe.
Tom was smoking in the classroom.
Tom was smoking in the pub even though smoking is strictly prohibited there.
Tom was smoking pot.
Tom was smoking the entire time.
Tom was smoking the whole time.
Tom was smoking weed.
Tom was smoking.
Tom was sneaky.
Tom was sneered at.
Tom was sneezing.
Tom was snoring loudly while he slept.
Tom was snoring loudly.
Tom was snoring on the couch.
Tom was snoring so loudly that I could hear him from my room.
Tom was snoring.
Tom was snuggled up in an armchair watching TV.
Tom was snuggled up in bed reading a book.
Tom was so amazed that he wasn't able to utter a word.
Tom was so angry at Mary he couldn't even look at her.
Tom was so angry that he couldn't speak.
Tom was so angry that he was about to throw down the gauntlet.
Tom was so angry.
Tom was so awesome.
Tom was so awful.
Tom was so busy at work today that he couldn't even take a piss break.
Tom was so busy he skipped lunch.
Tom was so busy that he didn't even have lunch.
Tom was so busy working that he forgot to eat.
Tom was so busy.
Tom was so calm.
Tom was so careful.
Tom was so careless as to leave his camera in the bus.
Tom was so certain.
Tom was so charming.
Tom was so cold his teeth were chattering.
Tom was so confused he didn't know what day it was.
Tom was so confused that he didn't even know what question to ask.
Tom was so confused.
Tom was so considerate.
Tom was so distracted that he left his camera on the bus.
Tom was so drunk he couldn't even get up off the floor.
Tom was so drunk he had to walk with a hand on Mary’s shoulder to keep from falling.
Tom was so drunk that he couldn't even open the door.
Tom was so drunk that he didn't even recognise me.
Tom was so drunk that he didn't even recognize me.
Tom was so drunk that he spent the night in a ditch because he could not find his way home anymore.
Tom was so dumbfounded that he couldn't say anything.
Tom was so engrossed in his book that he didn't hear the front door bell.
Tom was so engrossed in his work that he forgot to eat.
Tom was so enthusiastic about doing that.
Tom was so excited.
Tom was so far away he couldn't hear Mary.
Tom was so far away that he couldn't hear Mary.
Tom was so flamboyant.
Tom was so flirting with you.
Tom was so fluent in French that Mary thought he was a native speaker.
Tom was so funny.
Tom was so good at volleyball.
Tom was so good with our kids.
Tom was so goofy.
Tom was so happy that he almost felt like crying.
Tom was so happy when he drove his first new car off the lot.
Tom was so happy.
Tom was so heavy in full armour that he had to be hoisted into his horse's saddle by a winch. No sooner had the ropes been withdrawn than the animal collapsed under his weight.
Tom was so hungry that he ate dog food.
Tom was so hungry.
Tom was so impressed.
Tom was so indignant that his face was twitching.
Tom was so loaded with work that he would forget to eat.
Tom was so lonely.
Tom was so lost in his thoughts that he didn't hear Mary come into the room.
Tom was so lost in his thoughts that he didn't hear Mary come.
Tom was so lost in his thoughts that he didn't hear Mary coming.
Tom was so lost in thought that he didn't hear Mary come.
Tom was so loving.
Tom was so lucky.
Tom was so mad.
Tom was so many things to so many people.
Tom was so moved that he started crying.
Tom was so much in love with Mary.
Tom was so nervous that he almost threw up.
Tom was so old that even those oldest in the village knew him only as an old man.
Tom was so out of breath that he could hardly speak.
Tom was so out of shape that he couldn't run a lap around the block without hyperventilating.
Tom was so paranoid.
Tom was so polite.
Tom was so positive.
Tom was so preoccupied that he was oblivious of his surroundings.
Tom was so proud of that car.
Tom was so quiet that no one even knew he was there.
Tom was so quiet that no one heard him.
Tom was so rude that they had to banish him from the room.
Tom was so sad that he didn't want to speak to anybody.
Tom was so sad that he didn't want to speak to anyone.
Tom was so scared he couldn't speak.
Tom was so scared that he couldn't speak.
Tom was so scared.
Tom was so shocked he couldn't react.
Tom was so shy that he didn't even look at Mary when he asked her in a thin, barely audible voice whether she might possibly consider going to the cinema with him.
Tom was so sick.
Tom was so small he could sleep in a drawer.
Tom was so stressed out that he started losing his hair.
Tom was so strong.
Tom was so supportive.
Tom was so sure of himself.
Tom was so surprised he was speechless.
Tom was so surprised.
Tom was so sweet.
Tom was so sweet. He brought me flowers all the time.
Tom was so terrified.
Tom was so tired he couldn't walk any more.
Tom was so tired he couldn't walk.
Tom was so tired he didn't even want to eat.
Tom was so tired he fell asleep on the sofa before Mary had finished making him a sandwich.
Tom was so tired that he couldn't walk any more.
Tom was so tired that he couldn't walk.
Tom was so tired that he fell asleep as soon as his head hit the pillow.
Tom was so tired that he fell asleep on the sofa before Mary had finished making him a sandwich.
Tom was so tired that he fell to sleep without eating dinner.
Tom was so traumatized he could barely speak.
Tom was so universally disliked that he didn't receive one card from a well-wisher when he was hospitalized.
Tom was so upset.
Tom was so worried about you.
Tom was so wrong.
Tom was soaked from head to foot by the time he made it home.
Tom was soaked from head to foot.
Tom was soaked through after being caught in an unexpected downpour.
Tom was soaked to the skin.
Tom was soaking wet.
Tom was sobbing uncontrollably.
Tom was sobbing.
Tom was sober.
Tom was somehow able to swim across the river.
Tom was something else.
Tom was something of a flirt.
Tom was somewhat annoyed by that.
Tom was somewhat cynical.
Tom was somewhat doubtful.
Tom was somewhat excited.
Tom was somewhere else.
Tom was soon arrested.
Tom was sophisticated.
Tom was sore at me for being late.
Tom was sore from head to toe.
Tom was sorry for the inconvenience he had caused.
Tom was sorry for what he'd done.
Tom was sorry.
Tom was sort of bashful as a kid.
Tom was sort of shy as a kid.
Tom was sound asleep in his room.
Tom was sound asleep when I left this morning.
Tom was sound asleep when Mary walked into the room.
Tom was sound asleep.
Tom was spared death and sentenced to life in prison.
Tom was speaking French with Mary.
Tom was speaking French.
Tom was speaking faster than usual.
Tom was speaking in French, so I couldn't understand him.
Tom was speaking in French.
Tom was speaking to Mary in French.
Tom was speaking to Mary.
Tom was speaking to some neighbors.
Tom was speaking too loudly.
Tom was speaking.
Tom was special to me.
Tom was special.
Tom was spectacular.
Tom was speechless for a moment.
Tom was speechless.
Tom was speeding and was clocked by a speed camera.
Tom was speeding.
Tom was spending money that wasn't his.
Tom was spoiled by his parents, especially his mother.
Tom was spoiled rotten by his parents.
Tom was spoiled rotten.
Tom was spoiled.
Tom was spoiling his clothes.
Tom was sporting a tan.
Tom was spot on.
Tom was spotted and followed by gunmen.
Tom was spotted by a guard.
Tom was spotted running east on Park Street, followed by a dark sedan.
Tom was square.
Tom was squatting by the fire.
Tom was squirreling away money here and there for many years, eventually enough to buy a house.
Tom was stabbed 13 times.
Tom was stabbed and died before they could get him to a hospital.
Tom was stabbed by Mary.
Tom was stabbed by a fellow gang member.
Tom was stabbed by a member of John's gang.
Tom was stabbed by somebody on the subway.
Tom was stabbed by someone on the subway.
Tom was stabbed here.
Tom was stabbed in Boston.
Tom was stabbed in prison.
Tom was stabbed in the back.
Tom was stabbed in the chest three times.
Tom was stabbed in the chest.
Tom was stabbed in the neck three times.
Tom was stabbed multiple times.
Tom was stabbed over thirty times.
Tom was stabbed repeatedly.
Tom was stabbed thirty times.
Tom was stabbed three times in the neck.
Tom was stabbed three times in the stomach.
Tom was stabbed three times.
Tom was stabbed to death by Mary.
Tom was stabbed to death by someone on the subway.
Tom was stabbed to death last night.
Tom was stabbed to death.
Tom was stabbed twice in the back.
Tom was stabbed with a kitchen knife, but he's going to be OK.
Tom was stabbed with a knife.
Tom was stabbed.
Tom was stalking Mary.
Tom was standing a few feet away from Mary.
Tom was standing alone beneath a big clock in a deserted railway station.
Tom was standing at the bar when I walked into the club.
Tom was standing at the bar, drinking a beer.
Tom was standing at the bar, having a beer.
Tom was standing at the counter when I walked in.
Tom was standing at the door.
Tom was standing at the end of the line.
Tom was standing at the foot of the stairs.
Tom was standing behind Mary.
Tom was standing behind the couch that Mary was sitting on.
Tom was standing behind the counter.
Tom was standing beside Mary.
Tom was standing by a window.
Tom was standing by the door.
Tom was standing by the fence.
Tom was standing directly behind Mary.
Tom was standing in Mary's way.
Tom was standing in front of Mary's house.
Tom was standing in front of Mary.
Tom was standing in front of me.
Tom was standing in front of the grill wearing a cook's apron.
Tom was standing in front of the guest room door.
Tom was standing in front of the kitchen sink.
Tom was standing in front of the school, smoking.
Tom was standing in line behind Mary.
Tom was standing in line in front of Mary.
Tom was standing in line.
Tom was standing in the distance.
Tom was standing in the doorway.
Tom was standing in the front of the classroom, talking to the teacher.
Tom was standing in the front of the classroom.
Tom was standing in the middle of the living room.
Tom was standing in the middle of the road, holding a flashlight.
Tom was standing in the middle of the road.
Tom was standing in the middle of the room.
Tom was standing in the queue.
Tom was standing just behind me.
Tom was standing just in front of a large building that was up for sale.
Tom was standing just in front of us.
Tom was standing just outside the doorway.
Tom was standing meters away.
Tom was standing near Mary.
Tom was standing near the door.
Tom was standing near the end of the line.
Tom was standing near the entrance.
Tom was standing near the trophy case.
Tom was standing next to Mary.
Tom was standing next to you.
Tom was standing not too far from Mary.
Tom was standing on the bridge, whistling a tune.
Tom was standing on the doorstep.
Tom was standing on the other side of the fence.
Tom was standing outside in the cold.
Tom was standing outside the restaurant looking in.
Tom was standing outside the window, listening to Mary and John talking.
Tom was standing outside.
Tom was standing over there just a few minutes ago.
Tom was standing over there just a minute ago.
Tom was standing over there just a moment ago.
Tom was standing over there.
Tom was standing right behind Mary.
Tom was standing right outside my bedroom window.
Tom was standing several yards away.
Tom was standing still.
Tom was standing there a minute ago.
Tom was standing there stark naked.
Tom was standing there, holding a machete.
Tom was standing under a tree.
Tom was standing.
Tom was staring at Mary who was sitting on the school bus that was parked in front of the school.
Tom was staring at Mary.
Tom was staring at a photograph.
Tom was staring at me.
Tom was staring at the ceiling.
Tom was staring at the flame.
Tom was staring at the floor.
Tom was staring at the frogs that were hopping around in the garden.
Tom was staring at us.
Tom was staring at you.
Tom was staring into space.
Tom was staring out into space with a bored expression on his face.
Tom was staring out the window deep in thought.
Tom was staring out the window.
Tom was staring straight ahead.
Tom was staring up at the sky.
Tom was stark naked.
Tom was starting to doubt himself.
Tom was starting to feel a little uncomfortable.
Tom was starting to feel desperate.
Tom was starting to feel dizzy.
Tom was starting to feel guilty.
Tom was starting to feel hungry.
Tom was starting to feel sleepy.
Tom was starting to feel tired.
Tom was starting to feel very dizzy.
Tom was starting to get a little jealous.
Tom was starting to get hungry.
Tom was starting to get impatient.
Tom was starting to lose hope.
Tom was starting to panic.
Tom was starting to seriously freak out.
Tom was startled awake by the air-raid siren.
Tom was startled by a knock on the door.
Tom was startled by the noise.
Tom was startled.
Tom was starved to death.
Tom was starving to death.
Tom was starving.
Tom was stationed for a year in Germany.
Tom was staying with his aunt.
Tom was stealing money for the last two years, and Mary knew it all the time.
Tom was stealing stuff from the store he was working in.
Tom was stealing stuff from the store where he worked.
Tom was stealing things from his neighbors.
Tom was still a baby at that time.
Tom was still a baby in 2013.
Tom was still a bachelor at that time.
Tom was still a bachelor then.
Tom was still a kid at that time.
Tom was still a kid at the time.
Tom was still a kid in 2013.
Tom was still a kid then.
Tom was still a little confused, too.
Tom was still a married man.
Tom was still a rookie at that time.
Tom was still a senior at that time.
Tom was still alive at that time.
Tom was still alive when the doctor arrived.
Tom was still alive when we found him.
Tom was still alive.
Tom was still angry even after Mary apologized.
Tom was still angry when I saw him.
Tom was still asleep when I left the house this morning.
Tom was still asleep when Mary got home.
Tom was still asleep when Mary left for work.
Tom was still asleep when Mary left the house.
Tom was still asleep.
Tom was still at work when the bomb went off.
Tom was still awake at 2:30 in the morning.
Tom was still awake when I got home.
Tom was still awake when Mary got home.
Tom was still behind bars.
Tom was still cognizant and speaking after the car crash, but he collapsed an hour later.
Tom was still confused.
Tom was still crying when I looked into his room.
Tom was still doing that when I got there.
Tom was still doing that when I saw him.
Tom was still drunk when I saw him this morning.
Tom was still dubious.
Tom was still grinning.
Tom was still happy.
Tom was still here when I got here.
Tom was still here when Mary got here.
Tom was still hungry.
Tom was still in Australia this time last year.
Tom was still in Boston at that time.
Tom was still in Boston in 2013.
Tom was still in Boston this time last year.
Tom was still in bed when I got here this morning.
Tom was still in bed when I got to his place.
Tom was still in bed when I went to visit him this morning.
Tom was still in college at that time.
Tom was still in danger.
Tom was still in high school at that time.
Tom was still in high school at the time.
Tom was still in high school then.
Tom was still in his office.
Tom was still in his pajamas and bathrobe when I got here this morning.
Tom was still in his pajamas when I went to his house yesterday afternoon.
Tom was still in his pajamas when he answered the door.
Tom was still in junior high school at that time.
Tom was still in the classroom when I left.
Tom was still just a baby then.
Tom was still living in his parents' house.
Tom was still looking at Mary.
Tom was still lost in thought.
Tom was still mourning his daughter Mary who had died in a car accident.
Tom was still not ready to do that.
Tom was still on the moon.
Tom was still outside.
Tom was still seeing Mary.
Tom was still singing when I left.
Tom was still single at that time.
Tom was still single at the time.
Tom was still single back then.
Tom was still single in 2013.
Tom was still single then.
Tom was still sleeping the last time I looked into his room.
Tom was still sleeping when Mary got home.
Tom was still sleeping when Mary rang his doorbell.
Tom was still sleeping.
Tom was still staring.
Tom was still talking to Mary when I left.
Tom was still tense.
Tom was still there when I got there.
Tom was still there when I left.
Tom was still there.
Tom was still up at 2:30 in the morning.
Tom was still up when Mary got home.
Tom was still weak after his illness.
Tom was still weak after his long illness.
Tom was still wearing his costume.
Tom was still wearing his pajamas when he answered the door.
Tom was stingy.
Tom was stoned to death.
Tom was stoned.
Tom was stopped at the border and searched.
Tom was stopped for breaking the speed limit.
Tom was stopped for speeding.
Tom was stopping passers-by.
Tom was stranded in the middle of nowhere.
Tom was stranded on a desert island.
Tom was stranded on an island.
Tom was stranded on the island for several days.
Tom was stranded somewhere.
Tom was stranded when his car conked out in the middle of nowhere.
Tom was strange when he was a kid.
Tom was strangely calm today.
Tom was strangled in his sleep.
Tom was strangled to death.
Tom was strangled with a piano wire.
Tom was strangled.
Tom was stressed out.
Tom was stressed.
Tom was stretched out on a chaise longue.
Tom was stretched out on a sofa.
Tom was stretched out on the floor.
Tom was stretching.
Tom was strict, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was strict.
Tom was strip-searched.
Tom was stripped to the waist.
Tom was strolling around the beach naked.
Tom was strong enough to do it.
Tom was strong enough to swim across the river.
Tom was strong.
Tom was stronger than I expected.
Tom was strongly against it.
Tom was struck by Mary's eyes.
Tom was struck by a car on the pedestrian crossing.
Tom was struck by a pick-up truck.
Tom was struck by lightning and died instantly.
Tom was struck by lightning and died.
Tom was struck by lightning.
Tom was struck down by a heart attack.
Tom was struck dumb by Mary's beauty.
Tom was struck dumb by her beauty.
Tom was struck off the medical register for inappropriate conduct with a patient.
Tom was struggling for air.
Tom was struggling to breathe.
Tom was struggling to catch his breath.
Tom was struggling to get his hands untied.
Tom was struggling to get the door open.
Tom was struggling to get the rope untied.
Tom was struggling to talk.
Tom was struggling.
Tom was stubborn, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was stubborn.
Tom was stuck in Boston because of the snow storm.
Tom was stuck in a crowded elevator.
Tom was stuck in a mental loop.
Tom was stuck in a traffic jam for what seemed like hours.
Tom was stuck in traffic.
Tom was stuck outside.
Tom was stuck with five kids.
Tom was stuck.
Tom was studying French in the library the last time I saw him.
Tom was studying French in the library the last time that I saw him.
Tom was studying French yesterday afternoon with Mary.
Tom was studying French yesterday.
Tom was studying French.
Tom was studying for his PhD when he died.
Tom was studying for his master's degree when he died.
Tom was studying for his master's when he died.
Tom was studying in Australia in 2013.
Tom was studying to become a doctor, but he dropped out.
Tom was studying.
Tom was stuffing his face with yummy cake.
Tom was stumbling around and it looked like he was going to fall over.
Tom was stumped by the problem.
Tom was stung by a bee.
Tom was stung by a jellyfish.
Tom was stung by a scorpion.
Tom was stung by a wasp.
Tom was stunned by the sight of the snow-capped mountains and the lush green valleys below.
Tom was stunned by what he heard.
Tom was stunned by what he saw.
Tom was stunned when that happened.
Tom was stunned, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was stunned, but elated.
Tom was stunned.
Tom was stupid enough to believe Mary.
Tom was stupid enough to believe what Mary said about John.
Tom was stupid enough to believe what Mary said.
Tom was stupid enough to believe what Mary told him.
Tom was stupid enough to challenge Mary to a game of chess.
Tom was stupid enough to go out with Mary, even though he hated her.
Tom was stupid enough to talk about what he'd done.
Tom was stupid to leave Mary alone.
Tom was stupid to make such a mistake.
Tom was stupid.
Tom was subject to physical and emotional abuse.
Tom was subjected to a full body search.
Tom was subpoenaed.
Tom was subsequently arrested.
Tom was subsequently fired.
Tom was successful in finding a new job in Boston.
Tom was successful in the attempt.
Tom was successful, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was successful.
Tom was such a coward.
Tom was such a cry baby.
Tom was such a cute kid.
Tom was such a decent fellow.
Tom was such a good kid.
Tom was such a handsome man that everybody turned to look at him as he passed.
Tom was such a happy person.
Tom was such a nerd in high school.
Tom was such a nice boy.
Tom was such a scallywag as a kid.
Tom was such an asshole last night.
Tom was such an odd boy.
Tom was sucked into the vortex.
Tom was suddenly a hero.
Tom was suddenly afraid.
Tom was suddenly aware of his tongue and he didn't know what to do with it.
Tom was suddenly brought back to reality.
Tom was suddenly logged out of Tatoeba.
Tom was suddenly overcome by a great weariness.
Tom was suddenly overcome by fear.
Tom was suddenly overcome with a deep despair.
Tom was suddenly put on the spot.
Tom was suddenly very happy.
Tom was suddenly very hungry.
Tom was suddenly very tired.
Tom was suffering.
Tom was suffocating.
Tom was summoned as a witness.
Tom was summoned as the witness.
Tom was summoned to appear in court.
Tom was summoned to court.
Tom was sunbathing at that time.
Tom was sunbathing by the pool.
Tom was sunbathing in the park.
Tom was sunbathing on the dock.
Tom was super friendly.
Tom was super impressed.
Tom was super nice to Mary.
Tom was supervising workers at the worksite.
Tom was supportive, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was supportive.
Tom was supposed to arrive here yesterday.
Tom was supposed to assist me.
Tom was supposed to attend the party with Mary.
Tom was supposed to babysit our children last night.
Tom was supposed to be at school today, but he wasn't.
Tom was supposed to be doing that.
Tom was supposed to be here all afternoon.
Tom was supposed to be here at 2:30.
Tom was supposed to be here at noon.
Tom was supposed to be here before lunch.
Tom was supposed to be here by 2.30.
Tom was supposed to be here by 2:30.
Tom was supposed to be here by noon.
Tom was supposed to be here by now.
Tom was supposed to be here for a week.
Tom was supposed to be here for dinner an hour ago.
Tom was supposed to be here in time for lunch.
Tom was supposed to be here thirty minutes ago.
Tom was supposed to be here today, but he never showed up.
Tom was supposed to be here today.
Tom was supposed to be here until 2:30.
Tom was supposed to be here yesterday.
Tom was supposed to be here.
Tom was supposed to be our lawyer.
Tom was supposed to be paid for doing that.
Tom was supposed to be protecting Mary.
Tom was supposed to be taking care of Mary.
Tom was supposed to be there yesterday.
Tom was supposed to be there.
Tom was supposed to buy flowers for Mary, but he forgot.
Tom was supposed to call Mary at 2:30.
Tom was supposed to call Mary last night, but he forgot.
Tom was supposed to call around 2:30.
Tom was supposed to call me at 2:30.
Tom was supposed to call me back.
Tom was supposed to call me last night, but he didn't.
Tom was supposed to call me.
Tom was supposed to come into the office today.
Tom was supposed to come over this afternoon, but he never showed up.
Tom was supposed to come to Australia with me.
Tom was supposed to come with us, but he didn't show up.
Tom was supposed to come with us.
Tom was supposed to come.
Tom was supposed to do that by himself.
Tom was supposed to do that for me.
Tom was supposed to do that for us.
Tom was supposed to do that in October.
Tom was supposed to do that last Monday.
Tom was supposed to do that on Monday.
Tom was supposed to do that on October 20th.
Tom was supposed to do that without any help.
Tom was supposed to do that yesterday.
Tom was supposed to do that, but he didn't.
Tom was supposed to do that, wasn't he?
Tom was supposed to do that.
Tom was supposed to do this.
Tom was supposed to get paid for doing that.
Tom was supposed to give Mary some money.
Tom was supposed to go shopping with Mary this afternoon.
Tom was supposed to go to Australia last week.
Tom was supposed to go to Australia with Mary.
Tom was supposed to go to Australia with me.
Tom was supposed to go to Australia.
Tom was supposed to go to Boston last week.
Tom was supposed to go to Boston on Monday.
Tom was supposed to go to Boston with Mary.
Tom was supposed to go to Boston.
Tom was supposed to go to school early today.
Tom was supposed to go to school today.
Tom was supposed to go to school with Mary yesterday.
Tom was supposed to go to the party with Mary.
Tom was supposed to go yesterday.
Tom was supposed to hand in his homework before the weekend.
Tom was supposed to have done that three days ago.
Tom was supposed to have done that yesterday.
Tom was supposed to help Mary do that.
Tom was supposed to help Mary, but he didn't.
Tom was supposed to help Mary.
Tom was supposed to help me on Monday.
Tom was supposed to help me paint the barn yesterday, but he never showed up.
Tom was supposed to help me this afternoon.
Tom was supposed to help me, but he didn't.
Tom was supposed to help me.
Tom was supposed to help us yesterday, but he didn't.
Tom was supposed to help us yesterday.
Tom was supposed to help us.
Tom was supposed to inform you about that.
Tom was supposed to know that.
Tom was supposed to leave for Australia on Monday.
Tom was supposed to leave this morning.
Tom was supposed to meet Mary in front of the movie theater, but he never showed up.
Tom was supposed to meet me at 2.30.
Tom was supposed to meet me at 2:30.
Tom was supposed to meet me here at 2:30.
Tom was supposed to meet me here.
Tom was supposed to meet me in the lobby, but he never came.
Tom was supposed to meet me in the lobby, but he never showed up.
Tom was supposed to meet me in the lobby.
Tom was supposed to meet me there, but he never showed up.
Tom was supposed to meet some of his friends.
Tom was supposed to meet us here at 2:30.
Tom was supposed to peel potatoes.
Tom was supposed to peel the potatoes.
Tom was supposed to pick me up an hour ago.
Tom was supposed to prepare some meal for them.
Tom was supposed to protect Mary.
Tom was supposed to protect us.
Tom was supposed to receive some money.
Tom was supposed to speak with Mary.
Tom was supposed to tell Mary John was coming.
Tom was supposed to tell Mary about that.
Tom was supposed to tell Mary that John was coming.
Tom was supposed to testify on Monday.
Tom was supposed to visit Australia last summer.
Tom was supposed to visit Boston last summer.
Tom was supposed to wait for us.
Tom was supposed to win yesterday.
Tom was supposed to win.
Tom was supposedly at the zoo.
Tom was sure Mary didn't know how to drive a car.
Tom was sure Mary didn't know she was supposed to do that.
Tom was sure Mary didn't know she wasn't supposed to do that.
Tom was sure Mary didn’t know how to drive a car.
Tom was sure Mary knew he didn't want to do that.
Tom was sure Mary knew he wanted to do that.
Tom was sure Mary knew she didn't have to do that.
Tom was sure Mary knew she didn't need to do that.
Tom was sure Mary knew she had to do that.
Tom was sure Mary knew she needed to do that.
Tom was sure Mary knew she wasn't supposed to do that.
Tom was sure Mary wanted him to do that.
Tom was sure Mary was alive.
Tom was sure Mary was lying.
Tom was sure Mary was telling a lie.
Tom was sure better times were coming.
Tom was sure he could do that again.
Tom was sure he could do that.
Tom was sure he could win.
Tom was sure he had enough money to buy what he needed.
Tom was sure he had to do that again.
Tom was sure he needed to do that again.
Tom was sure he needed to do that.
Tom was sure he should do that.
Tom was sure he was doing the right thing.
Tom was sure he would find another job.
Tom was sure he'd done the right thing.
Tom was sure he'd find another job.
Tom was sure he'd never see Mary again.
Tom was sure he'd see Mary again.
Tom was sure his parents would let him do that.
Tom was sure of himself.
Tom was sure of it.
Tom was sure of that.
Tom was sure something bad had happened.
Tom was sure that Mary knew she had to do that.
Tom was sure that Mary was lying.
Tom was sure that Mary was telling a lie.
Tom was sure that everybody saw Mary.
Tom was sure that everybody saw him.
Tom was sure that everyone saw Mary.
Tom was sure that he needed to do that.
Tom was sure that he wanted to do that.
Tom was sure that he would never see her again.
Tom was sure that he'd done the right thing.
Tom was sure that he'd never see Mary again.
Tom was sure that he'd see Mary again.
Tom was sure that something bad had happened.
Tom was sure that the attraction was mutual.
Tom was sure that you'd like that.
Tom was sure the attraction was mutual.
Tom was sure you'd like Mary.
Tom was sure you'd like that.
Tom was surprised I couldn't do that.
Tom was surprised Mary agreed with John.
Tom was surprised Mary already knew about what had happened.
Tom was surprised Mary already knew about what happened.
Tom was surprised Mary already knew what to do.
Tom was surprised Mary ate so much.
Tom was surprised Mary bought such a small car.
Tom was surprised Mary caught more fish than he did.
Tom was surprised Mary complained so much.
Tom was surprised Mary could do that.
Tom was surprised Mary did that.
Tom was surprised Mary didn't do that.
Tom was surprised Mary didn't know how to do that.
Tom was surprised Mary didn't know to swim.
Tom was surprised Mary didn't know what to do.
Tom was surprised Mary didn't like John.
Tom was surprised Mary had a motorcycle.
Tom was surprised Mary had changed so much.
Tom was surprised Mary hadn't done that.
Tom was surprised Mary quit her job.
Tom was surprised Mary recognized John after so many years.
Tom was surprised Mary remembered what he'd said to her.
Tom was surprised Mary showed up.
Tom was surprised Mary was late.
Tom was surprised Mary was on John's side.
Tom was surprised Mary was still there waiting for him.
Tom was surprised Mary was still up.
Tom was surprised Mary was there.
Tom was surprised Mary wasn't able to dance very well.
Tom was surprised Mary wasn't able to do that.
Tom was surprised Mary wasn't able to swim.
Tom was surprised Mary wasn't on time.
Tom was surprised Mary won the contest.
Tom was surprised Mary won the prize.
Tom was surprised Mary won the race.
Tom was surprised and a little confused.
Tom was surprised and a little frightened.
Tom was surprised and embarrassed.
Tom was surprised and shocked.
Tom was surprised anybody else was there.
Tom was surprised anyone else was there.
Tom was surprised at the answer.
Tom was surprised at the news.
Tom was surprised at what made Mary cry, after all.
Tom was surprised by Mary's abruptness.
Tom was surprised by Mary's behavior.
Tom was surprised by Mary's candor.
Tom was surprised by Mary's choice of words.
Tom was surprised by Mary's comment.
Tom was surprised by Mary's question.
Tom was surprised by Mary's reaction.
Tom was surprised by Mary's request.
Tom was surprised by Mary.
Tom was surprised by Mary’s behavior.
Tom was surprised by how Mary was acting.
Tom was surprised by how inexpensive the hotel was.
Tom was surprised by how much Mary ate.
Tom was surprised by how much Mary drank.
Tom was surprised by how much he enjoyed the opera.
Tom was surprised by how small the baby was.
Tom was surprised by how things happened.
Tom was surprised by how well Mary could dance.
Tom was surprised by how well Mary could do that.
Tom was surprised by how well Mary could sing.
Tom was surprised by how well Mary could swim.
Tom was surprised by how well Mary spoke French.
Tom was surprised by something he saw.
Tom was surprised by the answer.
Tom was surprised by the bountiful harvest.
Tom was surprised by the news.
Tom was surprised by the question.
Tom was surprised by the sight.
Tom was surprised by this.
Tom was surprised by what Mary asked him.
Tom was surprised by what Mary did.
Tom was surprised by what Mary said.
Tom was surprised by what Mary told him.
Tom was surprised by what happened.
Tom was surprised by what he found in the box.
Tom was surprised by what he found.
Tom was surprised by what he learned in sex education class.
Tom was surprised by what he learned.
Tom was surprised by what he read in the report.
Tom was surprised by what he saw.
Tom was surprised by who showed up to meet him.
Tom was surprised how difficult it was to do that.
Tom was surprised how difficult it was to do.
Tom was surprised how easy it was to do that.
Tom was surprised how easy it was to do.
Tom was surprised how hard it was to do that.
Tom was surprised how hard it was to do.
Tom was surprised how much Mary had grown since the last time he'd seen her.
Tom was surprised how well Mary could draw.
Tom was surprised how well Mary could play ping pong.
Tom was surprised how well Mary could play the piano.
Tom was surprised how well Mary could play the saxophone.
Tom was surprised how well Mary could sing.
Tom was surprised how well Mary could speak French.
Tom was surprised how well Mary could swim.
Tom was surprised how well Mary spoke French.
Tom was surprised how well Mary swam.
Tom was surprised it was that late.
Tom was surprised no one else was there.
Tom was surprised nobody else was there.
Tom was surprised that I couldn't do that.
Tom was surprised that Mary agreed with John.
Tom was surprised that Mary already knew about what happened.
Tom was surprised that Mary already knew what to do.
Tom was surprised that Mary ate so much.
Tom was surprised that Mary bought such a small car.
Tom was surprised that Mary caught more fish than he did.
Tom was surprised that Mary complained so much.
Tom was surprised that Mary could do that.
Tom was surprised that Mary did that.
Tom was surprised that Mary didn't do that.
Tom was surprised that Mary didn't hear anything.
Tom was surprised that Mary didn't know any French.
Tom was surprised that Mary didn't know how to do that.
Tom was surprised that Mary didn't know to swim.
Tom was surprised that Mary didn't know what to do.
Tom was surprised that Mary didn't like John.
Tom was surprised that Mary didn't understand French.
Tom was surprised that Mary had a motorcycle.
Tom was surprised that Mary had changed so much.
Tom was surprised that Mary had never listened to November Rain.
Tom was surprised that Mary hadn't done that.
Tom was surprised that Mary quit her job.
Tom was surprised that Mary recognized John after so many years.
Tom was surprised that Mary remembered what he'd said to her.
Tom was surprised that Mary showed up.
Tom was surprised that Mary was afraid.
Tom was surprised that Mary was late.
Tom was surprised that Mary was on John's side.
Tom was surprised that Mary was still there waiting for him.
Tom was surprised that Mary was still up.
Tom was surprised that Mary was there.
Tom was surprised that Mary wasn't able to dance very well.
Tom was surprised that Mary wasn't able to do that.
Tom was surprised that Mary wasn't able to swim.
Tom was surprised that Mary wasn't at the party.
Tom was surprised that Mary wasn't on time.
Tom was surprised that Mary won the contest.
Tom was surprised that Mary won the prize.
Tom was surprised that Mary won the race.
Tom was surprised that anybody else was there.
Tom was surprised that anyone else was there.
Tom was surprised that it was that late.
Tom was surprised that it worked.
Tom was surprised that no one else was there.
Tom was surprised that nobody else was there.
Tom was surprised that we were able to do that.
Tom was surprised the police knew his name.
Tom was surprised to find Mary sitting all alone in the chapel.
Tom was surprised to find Mary waiting on his front porch.
Tom was surprised to find what he found in the box.
Tom was surprised to hear Mary had got married.
Tom was surprised to hear Mary had gotten married.
Tom was surprised to hear that Mary had gotten married.
Tom was surprised to hear the news.
Tom was surprised to learn that Mary was already in the third year of her plumbing apprenticeship.
Tom was surprised to learn that most Australians didn't speak German.
Tom was surprised to see John and Mary out on a date.
Tom was surprised to see Mary at school on Sunday.
Tom was surprised to see Mary at the party.
Tom was surprised to see Mary doing that.
Tom was surprised to see Mary in Boston.
Tom was surprised to see Mary in the library.
Tom was surprised to see Mary out jogging so early in the morning.
Tom was surprised to see Mary there.
Tom was surprised to see Mary walking by herself after dark.
Tom was surprised to see Mary when he opened the door.
Tom was surprised to see Mary with John.
Tom was surprised to see Mary's car in the driveway.
Tom was surprised to see Mary.
Tom was surprised to see his friend Mary at John's party.
Tom was surprised to see his friend Mary.
Tom was surprised to see how skimpy Mary's new swimsuit was.
Tom was surprised to see how skimpy Mary’s new swimsuit was.
Tom was surprised to see me.
Tom was surprised to see us.
Tom was surprised we were able to do that.
Tom was surprised when I told him what I'd done.
Tom was surprised when I told him.
Tom was surprised when Mary asked him out on a date.
Tom was surprised when Mary ate all three sandwiches.
Tom was surprised when Mary caught a fish.
Tom was surprised when Mary did that.
Tom was surprised when Mary didn't do that.
Tom was surprised when Mary kissed him.
Tom was surprised when Mary quit her job.
Tom was surprised when Mary showed up at his party.
Tom was surprised when Mary showed up early.
Tom was surprised when Mary told him she was only thirteen years old.
Tom was surprised when Mary told him she was only thirteen.
Tom was surprised when Mary told him that she was only thirteen years old.
Tom was surprised when Mary told him that she was only thirteen.
Tom was surprised when he found out that Mary couldn't understand French.
Tom was surprised when he found out that Mary had quit her job.
Tom was surprised when he heard how well Mary could sing.
Tom was surprised when he heard how well Mary could speak French.
Tom was surprised when he heard that Mary quit her job.
Tom was surprised when he heard the news.
Tom was surprised when he realized Mary liked him.
Tom was surprised when he saw Mary at the party.
Tom was surprised when he saw Mary crying.
Tom was surprised when he saw Mary doing that.
Tom was surprised when he saw Mary eating meat because she'd told him she was a vegetarian.
Tom was surprised when he saw Mary eating meat because she'd told him that she was a vegetarian.
Tom was surprised when he saw Mary helping John.
Tom was surprised when he saw Mary in Boston.
Tom was surprised when he saw Mary kissing John.
Tom was surprised when he saw Mary walking by herself late at night.
Tom was surprised when he saw how well Mary could swim.
Tom was surprised when he tried the door and found it unlocked.
Tom was surprised when his plan didn't work.
Tom was surprised when that happened.
Tom was surprised, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was surprised, too.
Tom was surprised, wasn't he?
Tom was surprised.
Tom was surprisingly nice.
Tom was surprisingly patient with Mary.
Tom was surrounded by a gang of armed attackers.
Tom was surrounded by a group of his friends.
Tom was surrounded by a group of young girls.
Tom was surrounded by a horde of screaming fangirls.
Tom was surrounded by all his friends.
Tom was surrounded by dolphins.
Tom was surrounded by his friends.
Tom was surrounded by police officers.
Tom was surrounded by the police.
Tom was surrounded.
Tom was suspected of being a spy.
Tom was suspected of murder.
Tom was suspended for flipping his desk.
Tom was suspended for throwing a chair at another student.
Tom was suspended from school because he swore at his classmate.
Tom was suspended from school for talking dirty to a female classmate.
Tom was suspended from school.
Tom was suspended last week.
Tom was suspended today.
Tom was suspended until further notice.
Tom was suspended, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was suspended.
Tom was suspicious, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was suspicious.
Tom was swallowed by a black hole.
Tom was swallowed by a whale.
Tom was swearing at Mary.
Tom was sweating like a pig.
Tom was sweating profusely after a half an hour on the treadmill.
Tom was sweating profusely.
Tom was sweating.
Tom was sweet.
Tom was swimming all day yesterday.
Tom was swimming in the pool earlier.
Tom was swimming in the pool when I last saw him.
Tom was swimming with Mary.
Tom was swimming with us yesterday.
Tom was swimming, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was swimming.
Tom was sympathetic, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was sympathetic.
Tom was tailgating the car in front of him.
Tom was taken aback by Mary's question.
Tom was taken aback by my presence.
Tom was taken aback by the question.
Tom was taken aback when Mary told him she was pregnant with twins.
Tom was taken aback.
Tom was taken advantage of by Mary.
Tom was taken advantage of.
Tom was taken away in handcuffs.
Tom was taken away.
Tom was taken by surprise.
Tom was taken care of by his uncle.
Tom was taken completely by surprise.
Tom was taken hostage.
Tom was taken in by Mary's smile.
Tom was taken in by the salesman's smooth manner of talking.
Tom was taken in by the salesman.
Tom was taken into custody.
Tom was taken out on a stretcher.
Tom was taken prisoner by the Germans.
Tom was taken prisoner.
Tom was taken to a psychiatric hospital.
Tom was taken to hospital unconscious.
Tom was taken to hospital under blues and twos.
Tom was taken to hospital with suspected carbon monoxide poisoning.
Tom was taken to hospital.
Tom was taken to jail.
Tom was taken to the emergency room after eating bad scallops.
Tom was taken to the hospital for alcohol poisoning.
Tom was taken to the hospital immediately after the accident and pronounced dead several hours later.
Tom was taken to the hospital in an ambulance.
Tom was taken to the hospital.
Tom was taken to the hospital. For two and a half weeks, his cat and hamsters were without food an water. The cat survived, but the hamsters did not.
Tom was taken to the interrogation room.
Tom was taken.
Tom was taking a bath when he felt the earthquake.
Tom was taking a big risk.
Tom was taking a break.
Tom was taking a dump when the earthquake hit.
Tom was taking a huge risk.
Tom was taking a nap at that time.
Tom was taking a nap the whole time.
Tom was taking a nap.
Tom was taking a risk.
Tom was taking a selfie on the edge of the volcano when he lost his footing and fell into the crater.
Tom was taking a shower when the light went out.
Tom was taking a shower.
Tom was taking a snooze.
Tom was taking notes at the meeting.
Tom was taking notes.
Tom was taking pictures of Mary.
Tom was taking pictures the whole time.
Tom was taking pictures.
Tom was talented.
Tom was talkative, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was talkative.
Tom was talking a lot of gibberish.
Tom was talking about Mary, not John.
Tom was talking about Mary.
Tom was talking about animals.
Tom was talking about me when I entered the room.
Tom was talking about something else.
Tom was talking about that earlier.
Tom was talking about that.
Tom was talking about the delicious food they had eaten on their trip.
Tom was talking about us.
Tom was talking about you.
Tom was talking all the time.
Tom was talking completely wildly.
Tom was talking in French.
Tom was talking in his sleep last night.
Tom was talking in his sleep.
Tom was talking louder than he needed to.
Tom was talking nonsense.
Tom was talking on the phone at that time.
Tom was talking on the phone when Mary walked into the room.
Tom was talking on the phone.
Tom was talking on the telephone when I entered his office.
Tom was talking on the telephone.
Tom was talking slowly.
Tom was talking the entire time.
Tom was talking the whole time.
Tom was talking to Mary about her family.
Tom was talking to Mary about her new car.
Tom was talking to Mary about his experiences.
Tom was talking to Mary about that just this morning.
Tom was talking to Mary about that.
Tom was talking to Mary at the party.
Tom was talking to Mary in French.
Tom was talking to Mary on the phone.
Tom was talking to Mary while John talked to everybody else.
Tom was talking to Mary with a smile on his face.
Tom was talking to Mary.
Tom was talking to a client.
Tom was talking to a customer.
Tom was talking to a girl named Mary.
Tom was talking to a group of men gathered around the conference table.
Tom was talking to himself.
Tom was talking to his wife.
Tom was talking to me about that this afternoon.
Tom was talking to me.
Tom was talking to somebody in French.
Tom was talking to somebody.
Tom was talking to someone in French.
Tom was talking to someone near the gate not too long ago.
Tom was talking to someone.
Tom was talking to us.
Tom was talking too fast for me to understand.
Tom was talking very loudly.
Tom was talking very quickly.
Tom was talking with some of his friends.
Tom was talking with those strangers over there just a minute ago.
Tom was talking, and we were listening.
Tom was talking.
Tom was tall and handsome.
Tom was tall for his age.
Tom was taller than I expected.
Tom was taller than me when we were thirteen.
Tom was taller than me.
Tom was taller than the rest of his classmates when he was in the third grade.
Tom was tapping his fingers nervously on the table.
Tom was tarred and feathered by the crowd.
Tom was tasered.
Tom was tasked with gathering wood for the fire.
Tom was tasked with maintaining order during the protest.
Tom was taught by Mary.
Tom was teaching French in Australia last year.
Tom was teaching French in Australia, the last I heard.
Tom was teaching French.
Tom was teaching me.
Tom was teased a lot in high school.
Tom was teased at school because he was a slow learner.
Tom was teased at school.
Tom was teased because he looked different from the other children.
Tom was teased by everybody.
Tom was teased by everyone.
Tom was teasing Mary.
Tom was teleported to another planet.
Tom was telling Mary jokes to cheer her up.
Tom was telling jokes.
Tom was telling me horrible things.
Tom was telling the truth about where he'd been.
Tom was telling the truth about you, wasn't he?
Tom was telling the truth, I'm pretty sure.
Tom was telling the truth, wasn't he?
Tom was telling the truth.
Tom was telling us about his voyage to Siberia.
Tom was telling us something else.
Tom was telling us the truth.
Tom was tempted to do that.
Tom was tempted to eat all the cookies.
Tom was tempted to go, but at the last moment he decided not to.
Tom was tempted to lie.
Tom was tempted to tell Mary the truth.
Tom was tenacious.
Tom was tense, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was tense.
Tom was terrible at it.
Tom was terrible.
Tom was terribly afraid.
Tom was terribly disappointed.
Tom was terribly discouraged.
Tom was terribly lonely.
Tom was terribly upset.
Tom was terrific.
Tom was terrified of Mary.
Tom was terrified of his father.
Tom was terrified, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was terrified.
Tom was tested for COVID-19.
Tom was tested for flu at the doctor's.
Tom was tested for the coronavirus.
Tom was texting a girl on his phone.
Tom was texting his boss to let him know that he'd be late for work when he ran into a woman on a bicycle, fatally injuring her.
Tom was thankful to Mary for her recommendation.
Tom was that kind of person.
Tom was the Zodiac Killer.
Tom was the architect that designed that building.
Tom was the attacker.
Tom was the bearer of both good and bad news.
Tom was the best blacksmith.
Tom was the best by a long chalk.
Tom was the best by a long way.
Tom was the best by far.
Tom was the best friend I've ever known, but he also disappointed me.
Tom was the best man at my wedding.
Tom was the best man.
Tom was the best of the best.
Tom was the best student in our class.
Tom was the best.
Tom was the biggest obstacle for them.
Tom was the black sheep of the family.
Tom was the boss back then.
Tom was the brains behind the entire operation.
Tom was the brains of the operation.
Tom was the captain of basketball team.
Tom was the catcher.
Tom was the center of attention.
Tom was the chairman of the committee.
Tom was the champion.
Tom was the class clown.
Tom was the coordinator.
Tom was the designated driver.
Tom was the driver of the car that crashed into the supermarket on Park Street.
Tom was the drunkest one at the party.
Tom was the drunkest person at the party.
Tom was the eldest of three children.
Tom was the engineer in charge.
Tom was the eventual winner.
Tom was the exact opposite.
Tom was the expedition leader.
Tom was the fastest of all.
Tom was the favorite to win.
Tom was the fifth child in the family.
Tom was the first boy I ever kissed.
Tom was the first boy Mary ever kissed.
Tom was the first boy Mary kissed.
Tom was the first boy that Mary kissed.
Tom was the first boy that ever kissed Mary.
Tom was the first boy to ever hug Mary.
Tom was the first boy to ever kiss Mary.
Tom was the first boy to hug Mary.
Tom was the first boy to kiss Mary.
Tom was the first boy who broke my heart.
Tom was the first guy I ever kissed 10 years ago.
Tom was the first guy I ever kissed.
Tom was the first guy I kissed.
Tom was the first guy who broke my heart.
Tom was the first in his family to become a Canadian citizen.
Tom was the first in his family to go to college.
Tom was the first man Mary kissed.
Tom was the first man in the room to notice Mary.
Tom was the first man that Maria could not immediately seduce. For her he seemed out of reach. All the more reason for her to fall ever more deeply in love with him.
Tom was the first man to ever pay attention to Mary.
Tom was the first member of his gang to be arrested.
Tom was the first name that we thought of.
Tom was the first name we thought of.
Tom was the first of his friends to get married.
Tom was the first one here this morning.
Tom was the first one here today.
Tom was the first one here, wasn't he?
Tom was the first one here.
Tom was the first one in his family to go to college.
Tom was the first one in our class to find a job.
Tom was the first one in our class to get married.
Tom was the first one in our family to do that.
Tom was the first one in our family to go to college.
Tom was the first one in our family to visit Australia.
Tom was the first one in the house.
Tom was the first one off the bus.
Tom was the first one on the bus.
Tom was the first one there.
Tom was the first one through the door.
Tom was the first one to arrive this morning.
Tom was the first one to arrive.
Tom was the first one to ask a question.
Tom was the first one to be arrested.
Tom was the first one to be chosen.
Tom was the first one to be eliminated.
Tom was the first one to be fired.
Tom was the first one to be injured.
Tom was the first one to be invited.
Tom was the first one to congratulate Mary.
Tom was the first one to congratulate me.
Tom was the first one to decide to do that.
Tom was the first one to do that.
Tom was the first one to donate money to us.
Tom was the first one to encourage me to do so.
Tom was the first one to encourage me to do that.
Tom was the first one to enter the cave.
Tom was the first one to enter the classroom.
Tom was the first one to enter the house.
Tom was the first one to enter the room.
Tom was the first one to fall asleep.
Tom was the first one to find me.
Tom was the first one to finish eating.
Tom was the first one to finish the test.
Tom was the first one to fire his gun.
Tom was the first one to fire.
Tom was the first one to get here this morning.
Tom was the first one to get here today.
Tom was the first one to get here.
Tom was the first one to get injured.
Tom was the first one to get off the bus.
Tom was the first one to get on the bus.
Tom was the first one to get that done.
Tom was the first one to get up this morning.
Tom was the first one to give me advice on how to do that.
Tom was the first one to go home.
Tom was the first one to help Mary.
Tom was the first one to help me.
Tom was the first one to laugh.
Tom was the first one to leave the gang.
Tom was the first one to leave the house.
Tom was the first one to leave work today.
Tom was the first one to leave.
Tom was the first one to notice Mary had arrived.
Tom was the first one to notice Mary sitting by herself.
Tom was the first one to notice Mary was sitting by herself.
Tom was the first one to notice Mary was unhappy.
Tom was the first one to notice Mary.
Tom was the first one to notice that.
Tom was the first one to offer to help us.
Tom was the first one to pay attention to Mary.
Tom was the first one to raise his hand.
Tom was the first one to realize Mary wanted to do that.
Tom was the first one to realize Mary was in pain.
Tom was the first one to realize that Mary wanted to do that.
Tom was the first one to realize that Mary was having a hard time doing that.
Tom was the first one to realize that Mary was in pain.
Tom was the first one to realize that Mary wasn't having any fun.
Tom was the first one to realize what was happening.
Tom was the first one to recognize Mary's musical talent.
Tom was the first one to reply.
Tom was the first one to say he'd do that.
Tom was the first one to say he'd help.
Tom was the first one to say that he'd do that.
Tom was the first one to say we shouldn't do that.
Tom was the first one to see Mary.
Tom was the first one to sit down.
Tom was the first one to speak.
Tom was the first one to tell me that.
Tom was the first one to tell us about the problem.
Tom was the first one to try to do that.
Tom was the first one to try to help me.
Tom was the first one to turn in his homework.
Tom was the first one to volunteer to help us do that.
Tom was the first one to volunteer to help us.
Tom was the first one to volunteer to help.
Tom was the first one to volunteer.
Tom was the first one to wake up.
Tom was the first one who did that.
Tom was the first one who explored Mary's body.
Tom was the first one who said he didn't want to do that.
Tom was the first one who said he wanted to do that.
Tom was the first one who said he'd like to do that.
Tom was the first one who spoke to me this morning.
Tom was the first paramedic on the scene of the accident.
Tom was the first person I met after moving to Boston.
Tom was the first person I met when I became a student here.
Tom was the first person here this morning.
Tom was the first person here today.
Tom was the first person here.
Tom was the first person in our neighborhood to buy an iPad.
Tom was the first person the police arrested.
Tom was the first person to arrive.
Tom was the first person to ask me if I needed help.
Tom was the first person to ask me that question.
Tom was the first person to ask me why I was there.
Tom was the first person to do that.
Tom was the first person to encourage me to do so.
Tom was the first person to encourage me to do that.
Tom was the first person to encourage me to do this.
Tom was the first person to enter the cave.
Tom was the first person to enter the room.
Tom was the first person to ever ask me for help.
Tom was the first person to ever ask me that question.
Tom was the first person to ever ask me to do that.
Tom was the first person to ever help me.
Tom was the first person to get here today.
Tom was the first person to get here.
Tom was the first person to help Mary.
Tom was the first person to jump into the pool.
Tom was the first person to jump into the water.
Tom was the first person to offer to help Mary.
Tom was the first person to show up.
Tom was the first person to sit down.
Tom was the first person to start laughing.
Tom was the first person to tell me about that.
Tom was the first person to tell me that I needed to do that.
Tom was the first person to tell me that.
Tom was the first person to volunteer to help us do that.
Tom was the first person to volunteer to help us.
Tom was the first person to volunteer to help.
Tom was the first person to volunteer.
Tom was the first person who did that.
Tom was the first person who has ever offered to help me.
Tom was the first reporter on the scene.
Tom was the first to arrive and the last to leave.
Tom was the first to arrive at the scene of the accident.
Tom was the first to arrive.
Tom was the first to be fired.
Tom was the first to be killed.
Tom was the first to be punished.
Tom was the first to come and the last to leave.
Tom was the first to come.
Tom was the first to complain.
Tom was the first to cross the finish line.
Tom was the first to die.
Tom was the first to enter the room.
Tom was the first to fire.
Tom was the first to get here this morning.
Tom was the first to help Mary.
Tom was the first to leave.
Tom was the first to look into the cave.
Tom was the first to react.
Tom was the first to reply.
Tom was the first to sit down.
Tom was the first to speak.
Tom was the first to tell me that.
Tom was the first to the table.
Tom was the first victim.
Tom was the first witness for the prosecution.
Tom was the first.
Tom was the fourth of six children.
Tom was the guest of honor.
Tom was the guy who actually motivated me to do this.
Tom was the guy who went skiing with Mary.
Tom was the handsomest man Mary had ever laid her eyes on.
Tom was the handsomest man she'd ever laid her eyes on.
Tom was the handsomest young man in the village.
Tom was the head cook at a fancy restaurant.
Tom was the ideal husband.
Tom was the kid who beat me up in third grade.
Tom was the last honest politician.
Tom was the last kid to go home.
Tom was the last one into the car.
Tom was the last one off the bus.
Tom was the last one off the plane.
Tom was the last one out.
Tom was the last one to arrive here.
Tom was the last one to arrive this morning.
Tom was the last one to arrive.
Tom was the last one to cross the bridge.
Tom was the last one to cross the finish line.
Tom was the last one to do that.
Tom was the last one to fall asleep.
Tom was the last one to find out about it.
Tom was the last one to finish eating.
Tom was the last one to get here today.
Tom was the last one to get here.
Tom was the last one to get in the van.
Tom was the last one to get paid.
Tom was the last one to go home.
Tom was the last one to jump into the water.
Tom was the last one to leave the classroom.
Tom was the last one to leave the office.
Tom was the last one to leave the party.
Tom was the last one to leave the store.
Tom was the last one to leave.
Tom was the last one to notice Mary entering the room.
Tom was the last one to reach the summit.
Tom was the last one to say he'd help.
Tom was the last one to see Mary alive.
Tom was the last one to show up.
Tom was the last one to speak.
Tom was the last one to stop doing that.
Tom was the last one to turn in his homework.
Tom was the last one to volunteer.
Tom was the last one.
Tom was the last person I expected to meet in Boston.
Tom was the last person I expected to see here.
Tom was the last person I expected to see there.
Tom was the last person I expected to see.
Tom was the last person I was expecting to see in there.
Tom was the last person I'd expected to see there.
Tom was the last person Mary expected to see at John's party.
Tom was the last person at the table to stop eating.
Tom was the last person off the bus.
Tom was the last person to arrive.
Tom was the last person to cross the finish line.
Tom was the last person to do that.
Tom was the last person to find out about it.
Tom was the last person to finish eating.
Tom was the last person to get off the bus.
Tom was the last person to leave the office.
Tom was the last person to leave the party.
Tom was the last person to leave the room.
Tom was the last person to leave.
Tom was the last person to see Mary alive.
Tom was the last person to speak.
Tom was the last person who lived in this house.
Tom was the last runner to cross the finish line.
Tom was the last student to leave the classroom.
Tom was the last student to leave.
Tom was the last to arrive.
Tom was the last to be picked up from kindergarten today.
Tom was the last to cross the bridge.
Tom was the last to cross the finish line.
Tom was the last to die.
Tom was the last to enter.
Tom was the last to find out about it.
Tom was the last to finish eating.
Tom was the last to get here today.
Tom was the last to go home.
Tom was the last to leave the classroom.
Tom was the last to leave the gym.
Tom was the last to leave the office.
Tom was the last to leave the room.
Tom was the last to leave the store.
Tom was the last to leave.
Tom was the last to return.
Tom was the last to turn in his work.
Tom was the last.
Tom was the lead suspect.
Tom was the leader of a gang.
Tom was the leader.
Tom was the life of the party.
Tom was the lifeguard at the pool where I used to swim.
Tom was the lone dissenter.
Tom was the loser.
Tom was the love of my life.
Tom was the luckiest.
Tom was the lucky guy.
Tom was the lucky one, not me.
Tom was the lucky one.
Tom was the main suspect.
Tom was the man in charge.
Tom was the manager before me.
Tom was the manager of our team three years ago.
Tom was the manager.
Tom was the mastermind behind the fraud.
Tom was the mastermind behind the robbery.
Tom was the mastermind behind the theft of the crown jewels.
Tom was the mastermind behind the theft of the large ruby.
Tom was the mastermind.
Tom was the moderator.
Tom was the most annoying person in the group.
Tom was the most handsome man at Mary's party.
Tom was the most influential person in town.
Tom was the most interesting person at the party.
Tom was the most popular boy in high school.
Tom was the most sober person at the party.
Tom was the most unpopular boy in high school.
Tom was the name he used.
Tom was the next one to do that.
Tom was the next person to do that.
Tom was the obvious choice.
Tom was the oldest of three children.
Tom was the oldest one in our class.
Tom was the oldest person in the room.
Tom was the one Mary went to Boston with.
Tom was the one chosen to do that.
Tom was the one computer programmer at the company who wore a kilt to work. Hence, the company directors spent most of their time plotting his perfect murder.
Tom was the one driving when the accident happened.
Tom was the one driving when the car ran off the road.
Tom was the one driving.
Tom was the one in charge.
Tom was the one responsible for what happened.
Tom was the one running the show.
Tom was the one sitting closest to the microphone.
Tom was the one that Mary went to Boston with.
Tom was the one that came up with the design.
Tom was the one that cleaned the room.
Tom was the one that cried.
Tom was the one that did all the driving.
Tom was the one that did that.
Tom was the one that discovered the body.
Tom was the one that drove Mary to the hospital.
Tom was the one that found my contact lens.
Tom was the one that got arrested.
Tom was the one that got punished.
Tom was the one that had the key.
Tom was the one that killed Mary's cats.
Tom was the one that laid out this garden.
Tom was the one that painted this picture.
Tom was the one that planted these flowers.
Tom was the one that planted these trees.
Tom was the one that planted this tree.
Tom was the one that saved Mary's life.
Tom was the one that showed Mary how to do it correctly.
Tom was the one that suggested doing that.
Tom was the one that taught Mary how to milk a cow.
Tom was the one that taught me how to ski.
Tom was the one that told me about it.
Tom was the one that told me about that.
Tom was the one that told us about the problem.
Tom was the one that was driving.
Tom was the one that won.
Tom was the one they approached.
Tom was the one who actually did that.
Tom was the one who actually wrote the letter.
Tom was the one who advised Mary to do that.
Tom was the one who advised Mary to eat more vegetables.
Tom was the one who advised Mary to stop doing that.
Tom was the one who advised me to do it this way.
Tom was the one who advised me to do this.
Tom was the one who advised me to hire a lawyer.
Tom was the one who agreed to do that.
Tom was the one who asked Mary to do that.
Tom was the one who asked all the questions.
Tom was the one who asked me to do that.
Tom was the one who asked me to do this, not Mary.
Tom was the one who asked me to do this.
Tom was the one who asked me, not Mary.
Tom was the one who ate all of the ice cream.
Tom was the one who ate all the strawberries.
Tom was the one who baked the cake, not Mary.
Tom was the one who blew the balloons up.
Tom was the one who blew up the balloons.
Tom was the one who borrowed my car.
Tom was the one who bought my house.
Tom was the one who bought my old desk.
Tom was the one who bought this bucket.
Tom was the one who bought this for me.
Tom was the one who broke the vase.
Tom was the one who broke the window.
Tom was the one who broke the windshield of Mary's car.
Tom was the one who broke the windshield of Mary’s car.
Tom was the one who broke this window.
Tom was the one who brought it up.
Tom was the one who brought the matter up.
Tom was the one who brought this bucket.
Tom was the one who brought you these flowers.
Tom was the one who built this barn.
Tom was the one who built this cottage.
Tom was the one who built this house.
Tom was the one who built this wall.
Tom was the one who called the doctor.
Tom was the one who called the police.
Tom was the one who called.
Tom was the one who came up with the design.
Tom was the one who came up with the idea.
Tom was the one who caught the mouse.
Tom was the one who caught the thief.
Tom was the one who caused the crash.
Tom was the one who caused the fire.
Tom was the one who caused the problem.
Tom was the one who chopped down that tree.
Tom was the one who chopped down the tree in our backyard.
Tom was the one who cleaned the room.
Tom was the one who cleaned up that mess.
Tom was the one who closed the door.
Tom was the one who convinced Mary not to do that.
Tom was the one who convinced Mary that she should learn how to do that.
Tom was the one who convinced Mary to do that.
Tom was the one who convinced Mary to learn how to do that.
Tom was the one who convinced Mary to quit doing that.
Tom was the one who convinced Mary to show John how to do that.
Tom was the one who convinced Mary to stop doing that.
Tom was the one who convinced Mary to teach John how to do that.
Tom was the one who convinced Mary to teach John how to drive.
Tom was the one who convinced Mary to try to do that.
Tom was the one who convinced me to do that.
Tom was the one who convinced me to do this.
Tom was the one who convinced me to go.
Tom was the one who convinced me to learn French.
Tom was the one who cooked all this.
Tom was the one who cooked breakfast.
Tom was the one who cooked dinner.
Tom was the one who cooked everything.
Tom was the one who cooked this.
Tom was the one who cooked.
Tom was the one who cried.
Tom was the one who dealt with that problem.
Tom was the one who designed our house.
Tom was the one who designed these costumes.
Tom was the one who did all the driving.
Tom was the one who did all the talking.
Tom was the one who did all this.
Tom was the one who did it.
Tom was the one who did that for you.
Tom was the one who did that job.
Tom was the one who did that yesterday.
Tom was the one who did that, if I remember correctly.
Tom was the one who did that, not Mary.
Tom was the one who did that, not me.
Tom was the one who did that.
Tom was the one who did the interrogating.
Tom was the one who did this for you.
Tom was the one who did this, not Mary.
Tom was the one who did this, right?
Tom was the one who did this.
Tom was the one who died.
Tom was the one who discovered the body.
Tom was the one who drank all the milk.
Tom was the one who drove Mary to the hospital.
Tom was the one who explained it to me.
Tom was the one who filed the complaint.
Tom was the one who fixed the car.
Tom was the one who found Mary.
Tom was the one who found me.
Tom was the one who found my contact lens.
Tom was the one who found the leak.
Tom was the one who gave Mary a black eye.
Tom was the one who gave Mary her first kiss.
Tom was the one who gave Mary my number.
Tom was the one who gave Mary that black eye.
Tom was the one who gave Mary that nickname.
Tom was the one who gave Mary that ring.
Tom was the one who gave Mary that.
Tom was the one who gave me Mary's phone number.
Tom was the one who gave me that.
Tom was the one who gave me the painting that's hanging above my fireplace.
Tom was the one who gave me the painting that’s hanging above my fireplace.
Tom was the one who gave me these.
Tom was the one who gave me this black eye.
Tom was the one who gave me this guitar.
Tom was the one who gave me this painting.
Tom was the one who gave me this ticket.
Tom was the one who gave me this trumpet.
Tom was the one who gave me this.
Tom was the one who gave that to Mary.
Tom was the one who gave these to me.
Tom was the one who gave this to me.
Tom was the one who gave us your name.
Tom was the one who got arrested.
Tom was the one who got beaten up.
Tom was the one who got everything ready for the party.
Tom was the one who got punished.
Tom was the one who got things started.
Tom was the one who got us into this mess.
Tom was the one who guarded Mary.
Tom was the one who handled that problem.
Tom was the one who helped Mary do that.
Tom was the one who helped me break out of jail.
Tom was the one who helped me buy this car.
Tom was the one who helped me do that.
Tom was the one who helped me escape from jail.
Tom was the one who helped me last time.
Tom was the one who helped me paint my house.
Tom was the one who helped me paint the fence.
Tom was the one who helped me pull weeds in the garden.
Tom was the one who helped me the most.
Tom was the one who helped me with my homework.
Tom was the one who helped me.
Tom was the one who helped us do that.
Tom was the one who helped us.
Tom was the one who hit me.
Tom was the one who insisted that we leave early.
Tom was the one who inspired me to do that.
Tom was the one who inspired me to do this.
Tom was the one who inspired me to learn French.
Tom was the one who inspired us to do this.
Tom was the one who insulted Mary.
Tom was the one who introduced Mary to John.
Tom was the one who introduced Mary to me.
Tom was the one who introduced me to my wife.
Tom was the one who introduced me to this restaurant.
Tom was the one who kept us from making that mistake.
Tom was the one who killed Mary's cat.
Tom was the one who killed Mary's cats.
Tom was the one who killed Mary.
Tom was the one who killed your dog.
Tom was the one who kissed Mary, not John.
Tom was the one who kissed me.
Tom was the one who laid out this garden.
Tom was the one who left the door open.
Tom was the one who let me in.
Tom was the one who locked this door.
Tom was the one who made Mary do that.
Tom was the one who made lunch.
Tom was the one who made me eat it.
Tom was the one who made that decision.
Tom was the one who made that suggestion.
Tom was the one who made this bamboo flute.
Tom was the one who made this video.
Tom was the one who made this.
Tom was the one who offered to buy it.
Tom was the one who organized everything.
Tom was the one who organized the party.
Tom was the one who paid for the pizza.
Tom was the one who paid for the taxi.
Tom was the one who paid the bill, not Mary.
Tom was the one who paid the bill.
Tom was the one who painted that picture of Mary.
Tom was the one who painted that picture.
Tom was the one who painted the house.
Tom was the one who painted this picture.
Tom was the one who planned the party.
Tom was the one who planned this.
Tom was the one who planted the roses in our garden.
Tom was the one who planted these flowers.
Tom was the one who planted these trees.
Tom was the one who planted this tree.
Tom was the one who provoked the fight.
Tom was the one who pushed Mary down the stairs.
Tom was the one who put out the fire.
Tom was the one who recommended this book to me.
Tom was the one who recommended this restaurant to me.
Tom was the one who recommended you.
Tom was the one who referred Mary to us.
Tom was the one who replaced Mary.
Tom was the one who said I had to do it this way.
Tom was the one who said it.
Tom was the one who said that, not Mary.
Tom was the one who said that.
Tom was the one who saved Mary's life.
Tom was the one who screamed.
Tom was the one who set all of this up.
Tom was the one who set the fire.
Tom was the one who set the table.
Tom was the one who set this all up.
Tom was the one who sharpened these knives.
Tom was the one who showed Mary around Boston.
Tom was the one who showed Mary how to do it correctly.
Tom was the one who showed Mary how to do that.
Tom was the one who showed Mary how to tie a square knot.
Tom was the one who showed me how it worked.
Tom was the one who showed me how to copy files.
Tom was the one who showed me how to do that.
Tom was the one who showed me how to do this.
Tom was the one who showed me the way.
Tom was the one who sold the drugs that Mary stole.
Tom was the one who started it.
Tom was the one who started the argument.
Tom was the one who started the fight, wasn't he?
Tom was the one who started the fight.
Tom was the one who started the fire.
Tom was the one who stole Mary's bicycle.
Tom was the one who stole Mary's stuff.
Tom was the one who stopped us from doing that?
Tom was the one who suggested I buy this one.
Tom was the one who suggested I buy this.
Tom was the one who suggested I do that.
Tom was the one who suggested doing that.
Tom was the one who suggested it.
Tom was the one who suggested leaving early.
Tom was the one who suggested opening a bottle of wine.
Tom was the one who suggested that I buy this one.
Tom was the one who suggested that I buy this.
Tom was the one who suggested that I do it this way.
Tom was the one who suggested that I do that.
Tom was the one who suggested that I go out with Mary.
Tom was the one who suggested that we buy balloons.
Tom was the one who suggested that we do this.
Tom was the one who suggested that we drive here.
Tom was the one who suggested that we leave early.
Tom was the one who suggested that we raise prices.
Tom was the one who suggested that we take a break.
Tom was the one who suggested that we visit the castle.
Tom was the one who suggested that.
Tom was the one who suggested this.
Tom was the one who suggested we buy balloons.
Tom was the one who suggested we drive here.
Tom was the one who suggested we try it this way.
Tom was the one who talked me into doing that.
Tom was the one who taught Mary how to do that.
Tom was the one who taught Mary how to drive.
Tom was the one who taught Mary how to milk a cow.
Tom was the one who taught Mary how to play golf.
Tom was the one who taught Mary how to play solitaire.
Tom was the one who taught Mary how to play the G chord.
Tom was the one who taught Mary how to play the trumpet.
Tom was the one who taught Mary how to ride a bicycle.
Tom was the one who taught Mary how to ride a horse.
Tom was the one who taught Mary how to ski.
Tom was the one who taught Mary how to swim.
Tom was the one who taught Mary to ski.
Tom was the one who taught Mary to swim.
Tom was the one who taught me French.
Tom was the one who taught me how to do that.
Tom was the one who taught me how to do this.
Tom was the one who taught me how to drive.
Tom was the one who taught me how to milk a goat.
Tom was the one who taught me how to play poker.
Tom was the one who taught me how to play tennis.
Tom was the one who taught me how to play the guitar.
Tom was the one who taught me how to play the ukulele.
Tom was the one who taught me how to play this song.
Tom was the one who taught me how to say "thank you" in French.
Tom was the one who taught me how to sing country music.
Tom was the one who taught me how to skate.
Tom was the one who taught me how to ski.
Tom was the one who taught me how to swear.
Tom was the one who taught me how to swim.
Tom was the one who taught me how to water ski.
Tom was the one who taught me that song.
Tom was the one who taught me that.
Tom was the one who taught me to swear.
Tom was the one who thought that we should take a break.
Tom was the one who told Mary about that.
Tom was the one who told Mary how to do that.
Tom was the one who told Mary not to do that.
Tom was the one who told Mary she had to do that.
Tom was the one who told Mary that her house had burned down.
Tom was the one who told Mary that she had to do that.
Tom was the one who told Mary that.
Tom was the one who told Mary to do that.
Tom was the one who told Mary what she had to do.
Tom was the one who told Mary what she needed to do.
Tom was the one who told Mary what she should do.
Tom was the one who told Mary where John lived.
Tom was the one who told me I didn't have to do that.
Tom was the one who told me I didn't need to do that.
Tom was the one who told me I had to do that.
Tom was the one who told me I needed to do that.
Tom was the one who told me I ought to do that.
Tom was the one who told me I should do that.
Tom was the one who told me I shouldn't do that.
Tom was the one who told me Mary had to do that.
Tom was the one who told me Mary needed to do that.
Tom was the one who told me Mary ought to do that.
Tom was the one who told me Mary should do that.
Tom was the one who told me Mary shouldn't do that.
Tom was the one who told me Mary wanted to do that.
Tom was the one who told me about Mary's accident.
Tom was the one who told me about it.
Tom was the one who told me about that.
Tom was the one who told me about the fire.
Tom was the one who told me he had to do that.
Tom was the one who told me he needed to do that.
Tom was the one who told me he should do that.
Tom was the one who told me he shouldn't do that.
Tom was the one who told me he wanted to do that.
Tom was the one who told me how to do that.
Tom was the one who told me how to say "thank you" in French.
Tom was the one who told me not to do that again.
Tom was the one who told me not to do that anymore.
Tom was the one who told me not to do that.
Tom was the one who told me not to eat that.
Tom was the one who told me not to leave.
Tom was the one who told me that I didn't have to do that.
Tom was the one who told me that I didn't need to do that.
Tom was the one who told me that I had to do that.
Tom was the one who told me that I needed to do that.
Tom was the one who told me that I should do that.
Tom was the one who told me that Mary needed to do that.
Tom was the one who told me that Mary wanted to do that.
Tom was the one who told me that he had to do that.
Tom was the one who told me that he needed to do that.
Tom was the one who told me that he should do that.
Tom was the one who told me that he shouldn't do that.
Tom was the one who told me that story.
Tom was the one who told me that you shouldn't do that.
Tom was the one who told me that.
Tom was the one who told me the story.
Tom was the one who told me this story.
Tom was the one who told me this.
Tom was the one who told me to come here.
Tom was the one who told me to do that.
Tom was the one who told me to do this.
Tom was the one who told me to read this book.
Tom was the one who told me we had to do that.
Tom was the one who told me we ought to do that.
Tom was the one who told me we should do that.
Tom was the one who told me what to do.
Tom was the one who told me where Mary lived.
Tom was the one who told me where you lived.
Tom was the one who told me you had to do that.
Tom was the one who told me you needed to do that.
Tom was the one who told me you ought to do that.
Tom was the one who told me you should do that.
Tom was the one who told me you shouldn't do that.
Tom was the one who told me you wanted to do that.
Tom was the one who told me.
Tom was the one who told us to do that.
Tom was the one who took care of that.
Tom was the one who took out the garbage this morning.
Tom was the one who took these pictures.
Tom was the one who took this picture.
Tom was the one who translated the letter into French.
Tom was the one who translated this book into French.
Tom was the one who translated this.
Tom was the one who tried to kidnap Mary.
Tom was the one who turned off the lights.
Tom was the one who turned on the lights.
Tom was the one who wanted Mary to do that.
Tom was the one who wanted to do that.
Tom was the one who was approached.
Tom was the one who was driving when the accident happened.
Tom was the one who was driving.
Tom was the one who was injured, not Mary.
Tom was the one who was injured.
Tom was the one who was supposed to do this.
Tom was the one who was supposed to receive that money.
Tom was the one who washed the dishes after dinner last night.
Tom was the one who washed your car for you.
Tom was the one who went yesterday.
Tom was the one who won the prize.
Tom was the one who won.
Tom was the one who wrote that story.
Tom was the one who wrote the introduction.
Tom was the one who wrote the lyrics.
Tom was the one who wrote this report.
Tom was the one who wrote this story.
Tom was the one who's been helping us.
Tom was the one.
Tom was the only Canadian at the meeting.
Tom was the only Canadian in the room.
Tom was the only Canadian in town.
Tom was the only Canadian there.
Tom was the only adult in the room.
Tom was the only applicant for the job.
Tom was the only artist at the event who actually sang rather than merely lip-synced to a pre-recorded soundtrack.
Tom was the only boy Mary had really ever talked to.
Tom was the only boy Mary saw in the park.
Tom was the only boy at the party.
Tom was the only boy in the class that Mary liked.
Tom was the only boy in the class.
Tom was the only boy in the entire class.
Tom was the only boy in the room.
Tom was the only boy invited to Mary's party.
Tom was the only boy that Mary saw in the park.
Tom was the only child at the party.
Tom was the only eyewitness.
Tom was the only guy I kissed.
Tom was the only guy in the class.
Tom was the only kid at the party.
Tom was the only man Mary ever loved.
Tom was the only man at the company that Mary respected.
Tom was the only man at the meeting.
Tom was the only man in the room.
Tom was the only man that Mary ever loved.
Tom was the only man there.
Tom was the only one I could talk to.
Tom was the only one I told.
Tom was the only one I was able to talk to.
Tom was the only one Mary talked to.
Tom was the only one aboard the ship when it sank.
Tom was the only one allowed to do that.
Tom was the only one asked to do that.
Tom was the only one at the meeting that I knew.
Tom was the only one at the party who fell asleep.
Tom was the only one awake.
Tom was the only one cheering.
Tom was the only one crying.
Tom was the only one doing that.
Tom was the only one doing what Mary told us to do.
Tom was the only one doing what he was supposed to do.
Tom was the only one drinking beer.
Tom was the only one drinking.
Tom was the only one drunk at the party.
Tom was the only one eating.
Tom was the only one found alive on the island.
Tom was the only one here when I got here.
Tom was the only one here when that happened.
Tom was the only one hurt.
Tom was the only one in our group who knew what was going on.
Tom was the only one in the classroom when I got there.
Tom was the only one in the house.
Tom was the only one in the nightclub who wasn't drinking.
Tom was the only one in the office when I got here this morning.
Tom was the only one in the office.
Tom was the only one in the pool.
Tom was the only one in the room at 2:30.
Tom was the only one in the room that didn't notice Mary leave.
Tom was the only one in the room.
Tom was the only one left alive.
Tom was the only one not asleep.
Tom was the only one not drinking beer.
Tom was the only one not eating.
Tom was the only one not invited to Mary's party.
Tom was the only one not laughing.
Tom was the only one not sitting.
Tom was the only one not wearing a coat.
Tom was the only one not wearing a costume.
Tom was the only one not wearing a hat.
Tom was the only one not wearing a suit.
Tom was the only one of us who chose a meatless meal.
Tom was the only one on his boat when it sank.
Tom was the only one on the ship when it exploded.
Tom was the only one permitted to do that.
Tom was the only one sitting on the ground.
Tom was the only one sitting.
Tom was the only one sleeping.
Tom was the only one smiling.
Tom was the only one snoring.
Tom was the only one standing.
Tom was the only one studying when I entered the classroom.
Tom was the only one talking.
Tom was the only one that gave me a present.
Tom was the only one that got arrested.
Tom was the only one that knew what had happened to Mary.
Tom was the only one that knew where Mary was.
Tom was the only one that said anything.
Tom was the only one that was arrested.
Tom was the only one that was studying when I entered the classroom.
Tom was the only one that wasn't eating.
Tom was the only one there for me when I really needed someone.
Tom was the only one there who was taller than me.
Tom was the only one there.
Tom was the only one to be satisfied with the result.
Tom was the only one to notice that something was wrong.
Tom was the only one to notice that.
Tom was the only one to survive the accident.
Tom was the only one to survive the crash.
Tom was the only one to understand it.
Tom was the only one wearing a Halloween costume.
Tom was the only one wearing a suit.
Tom was the only one who Mary felt understood by.
Tom was the only one who Mary felt understood her.
Tom was the only one who ate what I made.
Tom was the only one who believed that.
Tom was the only one who came early.
Tom was the only one who came to help us.
Tom was the only one who came to help.
Tom was the only one who came to the party.
Tom was the only one who came.
Tom was the only one who could answer the question.
Tom was the only one who could do that.
Tom was the only one who could have stolen Mary's money.
Tom was the only one who could've stolen Mary's money.
Tom was the only one who couldn't do that.
Tom was the only one who cried.
Tom was the only one who did that.
Tom was the only one who didn't accept our invitation.
Tom was the only one who didn't agree.
Tom was the only one who didn't bring a surfboard.
Tom was the only one who didn't come.
Tom was the only one who didn't cry.
Tom was the only one who didn't do that yesterday.
Tom was the only one who didn't do that.
Tom was the only one who didn't eat lunch with us.
Tom was the only one who didn't eat.
Tom was the only one who didn't go yesterday.
Tom was the only one who didn't go.
Tom was the only one who didn't hand in his homework on time.
Tom was the only one who didn't have a driver's license.
Tom was the only one who didn't have an alibi.
Tom was the only one who didn't have enough to eat.
Tom was the only one who didn't have to do that.
Tom was the only one who didn't have to go.
Tom was the only one who didn't how to do that.
Tom was the only one who didn't know Mary had moved to Australia.
Tom was the only one who didn't know Mary had moved to Boston.
Tom was the only one who didn't know how to speak French.
Tom was the only one who didn't know that Mary had moved to Australia.
Tom was the only one who didn't know that.
Tom was the only one who didn't know what to do.
Tom was the only one who didn't laugh at Mary's joke.
Tom was the only one who didn't like that plan.
Tom was the only one who didn't need to do that.
Tom was the only one who didn't need to go.
Tom was the only one who didn't say anything.
Tom was the only one who didn't sit down.
Tom was the only one who didn't want to do that.
Tom was the only one who didn't want to go.
Tom was the only one who drank tea.
Tom was the only one who enjoyed doing that.
Tom was the only one who even attempted to do something about the problem.
Tom was the only one who ever tried to help.
Tom was the only one who failed the test.
Tom was the only one who gave me a present.
Tom was the only one who got arrested.
Tom was the only one who got here on time today.
Tom was the only one who got here on time.
Tom was the only one who got hurt in the explosion.
Tom was the only one who got hurt.
Tom was the only one who got injured.
Tom was the only one who got up early this morning.
Tom was the only one who had a key.
Tom was the only one who had coffee with milk.
Tom was the only one who had to do that.
Tom was the only one who had to do this.
Tom was the only one who handed in his homework on time.
Tom was the only one who helped me.
Tom was the only one who knew Mary's true identity.
Tom was the only one who knew about it.
Tom was the only one who knew about that.
Tom was the only one who knew how to do that.
Tom was the only one who knew how to start a fire without matches.
Tom was the only one who knew that.
Tom was the only one who knew the answer.
Tom was the only one who knew the combination to the safe.
Tom was the only one who knew the safe's combination.
Tom was the only one who knew what had happened to Mary.
Tom was the only one who knew where I was.
Tom was the only one who knew where Mary lived.
Tom was the only one who knew where Mary was.
Tom was the only one who knew where Mary went.
Tom was the only one who knew.
Tom was the only one who laughed.
Tom was the only one who needed to do that.
Tom was the only one who noticed it.
Tom was the only one who noticed what happened.
Tom was the only one who noticed.
Tom was the only one who offered to help me.
Tom was the only one who offered to help.
Tom was the only one who promised to help us.
Tom was the only one who ran to help.
Tom was the only one who respected Mary.
Tom was the only one who said anything.
Tom was the only one who said that he couldn't do that.
Tom was the only one who saw Mary sneak into the room.
Tom was the only one who saw anything.
Tom was the only one who saw what happened.
Tom was the only one who seemed to notice Mary was missing.
Tom was the only one who seemed to notice that Mary was missing.
Tom was the only one who seemed to notice.
Tom was the only one who showed up late.
Tom was the only one who smiled.
Tom was the only one who survived the accident.
Tom was the only one who survived the plane crash.
Tom was the only one who thanked me.
Tom was the only one who thought that.
Tom was the only one who told us that.
Tom was the only one who tried to help.
Tom was the only one who trusted Mary.
Tom was the only one who understood it.
Tom was the only one who volunteered to help.
Tom was the only one who waited.
Tom was the only one who walked home.
Tom was the only one who wanted to do that.
Tom was the only one who was able to do that without help.
Tom was the only one who was able to do that.
Tom was the only one who was able to solve the puzzle.
Tom was the only one who was arrested.
Tom was the only one who was busy.
Tom was the only one who was doing that.
Tom was the only one who was drinking beer.
Tom was the only one who was drinking.
Tom was the only one who was eating.
Tom was the only one who was hungry.
Tom was the only one who was hurt.
Tom was the only one who was injured.
Tom was the only one who was late.
Tom was the only one who was nice to me.
Tom was the only one who was on time.
Tom was the only one who was punished.
Tom was the only one who was sitting.
Tom was the only one who was sleeping.
Tom was the only one who was snoring.
Tom was the only one who was spared.
Tom was the only one who was standing.
Tom was the only one who was staring at Mary.
Tom was the only one who was there.
Tom was the only one who was unhappy.
Tom was the only one who was willing to address the delicate subject.
Tom was the only one who wasn't asleep.
Tom was the only one who wasn't at the meeting.
Tom was the only one who wasn't at the party.
Tom was the only one who wasn't dancing.
Tom was the only one who wasn't doing that.
Tom was the only one who wasn't drinking beer.
Tom was the only one who wasn't drinking coffee.
Tom was the only one who wasn't drinking wine.
Tom was the only one who wasn't drinking.
Tom was the only one who wasn't eating.
Tom was the only one who wasn't helping us.
Tom was the only one who wasn't invited.
Tom was the only one who wasn't killed.
Tom was the only one who wasn't singing.
Tom was the only one who wasn't sitting.
Tom was the only one who wasn't sleeping.
Tom was the only one who wasn't snoring.
Tom was the only one who wasn't standing.
Tom was the only one who wasn't swimming.
Tom was the only one who wasn't wearing a Halloween costume.
Tom was the only one willing to address the elephant in the room.
Tom was the only one without an umbrella.
Tom was the only one without enough money for the trip.
Tom was the only other guy who said he was interested in doing that.
Tom was the only other person in the room.
Tom was the only other person present.
Tom was the only other person there.
Tom was the only other person who could do that.
Tom was the only other person who could have done that.
Tom was the only other person who could've done that.
Tom was the only other person who couldn't do that.
Tom was the only other person who did that.
Tom was the only other person who didn't do that.
Tom was the only other person who didn't eat any of the salad that Mary made.
Tom was the only other person who didn't want to do that.
Tom was the only other person who had to do that.
Tom was the only other person who needed to do that.
Tom was the only other person who should have done that.
Tom was the only other person who should've done that.
Tom was the only other person who wanted to do that.
Tom was the only other student who failed the test.
Tom was the only person I saw entering the building.
Tom was the only person Mary needed to talk to.
Tom was the only person Mary wanted to talk to.
Tom was the only person Mary would talk to.
Tom was the only person arrested.
Tom was the only person at the party that Mary talked to.
Tom was the only person in a bowtie.
Tom was the only person in the classroom.
Tom was the only person in the house.
Tom was the only person in the library when I got there.
Tom was the only person in the office when I got here this morning.
Tom was the only person in the office.
Tom was the only person in the park.
Tom was the only person in the pool.
Tom was the only person in the room at that time.
Tom was the only person in the room at the time.
Tom was the only person in the room.
Tom was the only person injured.
Tom was the only person on the bus.
Tom was the only person punished.
Tom was the only person that Mary would talk to.
Tom was the only person that didn't want to do that.
Tom was the only person there.
Tom was the only person to ever escape from that prison.
Tom was the only person to have ever managed to escape from that prison.
Tom was the only person to survive the fire.
Tom was the only person to volunteer.
Tom was the only person wearing a bowtie.
Tom was the only person who ate the dessert that Mary made.
Tom was the only person who could do that.
Tom was the only person who couldn't do that.
Tom was the only person who did that.
Tom was the only person who didn't agree.
Tom was the only person who didn't want to do that.
Tom was the only person who got arrested.
Tom was the only person who got injured.
Tom was the only person who got punished.
Tom was the only person who had to do that.
Tom was the only person who helped me.
Tom was the only person who laughed.
Tom was the only person who needed to do that.
Tom was the only person who really knew what had happened.
Tom was the only person who survived the plane crash.
Tom was the only person who understood Mary.
Tom was the only person who wanted to do that.
Tom was the only person who was arrested.
Tom was the only person who was injured.
Tom was the only person who was punished.
Tom was the only reporter on the scene of the crime.
Tom was the only singer at the event who wrote the songs he sang.
Tom was the only singer at the event who wrote the songs that he sang.
Tom was the only student who failed the exam.
Tom was the only student who failed the test.
Tom was the only student who was absent.
Tom was the only survivor of the crash.
Tom was the only survivor of the massacre.
Tom was the only survivor.
Tom was the only volunteer.
Tom was the only witness.
Tom was the other robber.
Tom was the owner of the only swimming pool in the city that had a diving board.
Tom was the owner of the restaurant that burned down.
Tom was the owner.
Tom was the perfect gentleman.
Tom was the person Mary wanted to do that with.
Tom was the person in charge.
Tom was the person that was in charge.
Tom was the person they most hated.
Tom was the person who convinced me to go.
Tom was the person who suggested we try it this way.
Tom was the person who taught me how to do this.
Tom was the person who was in charge.
Tom was the pilot on that mission.
Tom was the pitcher.
Tom was the problem.
Tom was the prosecutor in this case.
Tom was the quarterback of the football team.
Tom was the reason Mary moved to Australia.
Tom was the reason Mary moved to Boston.
Tom was the reason that Mary moved to Boston.
Tom was the reason why I came here.
Tom was the right choice.
Tom was the ringleader.
Tom was the second-best hitter on the team.
Tom was the sheriff.
Tom was the shortest boy there.
Tom was the soloist.
Tom was the sort of man you could get along with.
Tom was the star of the basketball team.
Tom was the star of the football team.
Tom was the star of the show.
Tom was the star witness in Mary's trial.
Tom was the star.
Tom was the subject of numerous jokes.
Tom was the talk of the town.
Tom was the tallest student among his classmates.
Tom was the team captain.
Tom was the third person to arrive.
Tom was the third to arrive.
Tom was the third vampire in all of history.
Tom was the third victim.
Tom was the title-holder before Mary outseated him.
Tom was the underdog.
Tom was the unlucky one.
Tom was the valedictorian.
Tom was the very last to arrive.
Tom was the victim of a 419 fraud.
Tom was the victim of a crime.
Tom was the victim of a heinous crime.
Tom was the victim of a homicide.
Tom was the victim of a pickpocket.
Tom was the victim of a random sniper attack.
Tom was the victim of a self-inflicted gunshot wound.
Tom was the victim of an advance-fee fraud.
Tom was the victim of an extortion attempt.
Tom was the victim of bullying.
Tom was the victim of identity theft.
Tom was the victim.
Tom was the victor.
Tom was the weakest of all the children.
Tom was the winner.
Tom was the worst player on our team.
Tom was the worst student in the class.
Tom was the worst.
Tom was the wrong guy in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Tom was the youngest boy in our class.
Tom was the youngest boy there.
Tom was the youngest child in the family.
Tom was the youngest member of the team.
Tom was the youngest person at the party.
Tom was the youngest.
Tom was their accomplice.
Tom was their first choice.
Tom was their hero.
Tom was their interpreter.
Tom was their prisoner.
Tom was there all day.
Tom was there all morning.
Tom was there all night.
Tom was there all the time.
Tom was there also.
Tom was there as well.
Tom was there before all the others.
Tom was there before anyone else.
Tom was there before everyone else.
Tom was there before we were.
Tom was there by himself.
Tom was there for Mary when she needed him.
Tom was there for Mary.
Tom was there for me when I needed him.
Tom was there for me when I really needed him.
Tom was there for me when I really needed someone.
Tom was there for me.
Tom was there for three days.
Tom was there for three hours.
Tom was there for you.
Tom was there in August.
Tom was there in the morning.
Tom was there last month.
Tom was there last week.
Tom was there on business.
Tom was there physically, but not mentally.
Tom was there that night.
Tom was there this morning.
Tom was there three days.
Tom was there to greet Mary.
Tom was there to greet us.
Tom was there to help Mary.
Tom was there to help me.
Tom was there to help.
Tom was there to meet Mary's plane.
Tom was there to protect Mary.
Tom was there to protect me.
Tom was there to protect us.
Tom was there today.
Tom was there when I arrived.
Tom was there when Mary died.
Tom was there when his mother killed herself.
Tom was there when it happened.
Tom was there with Mary.
Tom was there with his girlfriend.
Tom was there with one of his friends.
Tom was there yesterday morning.
Tom was there yesterday with Mary.
Tom was there yesterday.
Tom was there, and so was Mary.
Tom was there, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was there, but he didn't help us.
Tom was there, too.
Tom was there, wasn't he?
Tom was there.
Tom was thinking about his children.
Tom was thinking about telling Mary he loved her.
Tom was thinking about telling Mary that he loved her.
Tom was thinking about the children.
Tom was thinking of Mary.
Tom was thinking of all the crimes Mary had committed.
Tom was thinking of going to Australia.
Tom was thinking of going to Boston.
Tom was thinking of going to New York.
Tom was thinking of moving east.
Tom was thinking of ordering a pizza.
Tom was thinking of ordering pizza.
Tom was thinking of the consequences of his actions.
Tom was third in line.
Tom was third on the list.
Tom was third.
Tom was thirsty and asked for some water.
Tom was thirsty, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was thirsty, so he drank a glass of water.
Tom was thirsty.
Tom was thirteen at that time.
Tom was thirteen then.
Tom was thirteen when he did that.
Tom was thirteen when he died.
Tom was thirteen when he disappeared.
Tom was thirteen when he first met Mary.
Tom was thirteen when he met Mary.
Tom was thirteen when he moved here from Australia.
Tom was thirteen when he moved here from Boston.
Tom was thirteen when he moved to Australia.
Tom was thirteen when he moved to Boston.
Tom was thirteen when he started studying French.
Tom was thirteen when his parents died.
Tom was thirteen when his parents got divorced.
Tom was thirteen years old at that time.
Tom was thirteen years old at the time.
Tom was thirteen years old then.
Tom was thirteen years old when he did that.
Tom was thirteen years old when he met Mary.
Tom was thirteen years old when he moved to Boston.
Tom was thirteen years old when he started studying French.
Tom was thirteen years old when his parents got divorced.
Tom was thirty at that time.
Tom was thirty at the time.
Tom was thirty minutes early.
Tom was thirty minutes late.
Tom was thirty when he died.
Tom was thirty when he got married.
Tom was thirty years old at that time.
Tom was thirty years old at the time.
Tom was thirty years old when he died.
Tom was thirty years old when he got married.
Tom was thirty.
Tom was thoroughly depressed.
Tom was thoughtful.
Tom was thoughtless, wasn't he?
Tom was thoughtless.
Tom was threatened by Mary.
Tom was threatened with a knife on the street at night by an unfamiliar man and robbed of his money.
Tom was threatened with arrest.
Tom was threatened with life imprisonment.
Tom was threatened.
Tom was threatening Mary.
Tom was three hours early.
Tom was three hours late.
Tom was three meters away when the bomb exploded.
Tom was three meters behind me.
Tom was three minutes late for the train.
Tom was three when his father died.
Tom was three when his mother died.
Tom was three when his mother disappeared.
Tom was three when his mother was killed in a traffic accident.
Tom was three when his mother went missing.
Tom was three when his sister was born.
Tom was three years old when his father died.
Tom was three years old when his mother died.
Tom was three years old when his mother disappeared.
Tom was three years old when his mother was killed in a traffic accident.
Tom was three years old when his mother went missing.
Tom was three years old when his sister was born.
Tom was three years old when this picture was taken.
Tom was thrilled to do that.
Tom was thrilled to meet Mary.
Tom was thrilled to see Mary.
Tom was thrilled when he managed to get two complimentary tickets for the grand final.
Tom was thrilled when they decided to buff his favourite level, making it more challenging and rewarding.
Tom was thrilled, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was thrilled.
Tom was through doing that by the time Mary offered to help him do it.
Tom was throwing rocks at my dog.
Tom was throwing rocks at your dog.
Tom was throwing rocks into the water.
Tom was throwing stones into the water.
Tom was throwing things at Mary.
Tom was throwing up.
Tom was thrown from his horse.
Tom was thrown in jail.
Tom was thrown into prison.
Tom was thrown off his horse.
Tom was thrown off the basketball team.
Tom was thrown off the bus.
Tom was thrown out of the bar by a bouncer.
Tom was thrown out of the bar.
Tom was thrown out of the restaurant.
Tom was thrown out of the supermarket for inappropriate behavior.
Tom was thrown out of the team.
Tom was thrown out.
Tom was thunderstruck.
Tom was ticketed for passing on a yellow line.
Tom was tickled pink.
Tom was tickling Mary.
Tom was ticklish.
Tom was tidying up the warehouse.
Tom was tied with a yellow nylon rope.
Tom was timid when he was a child.
Tom was timid when he was a kid.
Tom was timid, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was timid.
Tom was tipsy.
Tom was tiptoeing.
Tom was tired after working all day.
Tom was tired and cross.
Tom was tired and discouraged.
Tom was tired and fell into a heavy sleep.
Tom was tired and hungry.
Tom was tired and in a bad mood.
Tom was tired and so was I.
Tom was tired and was soon sleeping soundly.
Tom was tired because he had been working in the garden the whole day long.
Tom was tired but happy.
Tom was tired of not doing anything.
Tom was tired of waiting.
Tom was tired, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was tired, but he decided it would be a good idea to walk.
Tom was tired, but he kept on working.
Tom was tired, but he wouldn't admit it.
Tom was tired, but not sleepy.
Tom was tired, so he took a nap.
Tom was tired, so he went to bed earlier.
Tom was tired, so he went to bed early.
Tom was tired.
Tom was to GM for this game, but he's sick. Can someone else run it?
Tom was told about all the changes.
Tom was told about it.
Tom was told about what happened.
Tom was told by his doctor to remain in bed.
Tom was told everything.
Tom was told he couldn't do that.
Tom was told he couldn't walk during graduation.
Tom was told he couldn't win.
Tom was told he didn't have to do that.
Tom was told he didn't need to do that.
Tom was told he had cancer just recently.
Tom was told he had to leave.
Tom was told he has to do that.
Tom was told he needs to do that.
Tom was told he should do that.
Tom was told he shouldn't do that.
Tom was told he was too short.
Tom was told he would never amount to anything, and he was desperate to prove them wrong.
Tom was told never to come back here again.
Tom was told never to do that again.
Tom was told never to do that.
Tom was told not to do that again.
Tom was told not to do that anymore.
Tom was told not to do that by himself.
Tom was told not to do that here.
Tom was told not to do that.
Tom was told not to leave.
Tom was told not to try to do that by himself.
Tom was told not to wait.
Tom was told that he didn't have to do that.
Tom was told that he didn't need to do that.
Tom was told that he doesn't have to do that.
Tom was told that he doesn't need to do that.
Tom was told that he had to do that.
Tom was told that he had to leave.
Tom was told that he has to do that.
Tom was told that he isn't required to do that.
Tom was told that he needed to do that.
Tom was told that he needs to do that.
Tom was told that he ought to do that.
Tom was told that he should do that.
Tom was told that he should get a dog.
Tom was told that he should help Mary.
Tom was told that he should leave.
Tom was told that he shouldn't do that.
Tom was told that he was too short.
Tom was told that he's required to do that.
Tom was told that if he wanted to get over his illness, he would have to radically change his way of living.
Tom was told that it wasn't necessary for him to do that.
Tom was told to abstain from smoking and drinking.
Tom was told to be quiet.
Tom was told to clean the bathroom.
Tom was told to do that by himself.
Tom was told to do that more than once.
Tom was told to do that.
Tom was told to go home.
Tom was told to go with Mary.
Tom was told to have the ransom money ready by noon.
Tom was told to leave.
Tom was told to never do that again.
Tom was told to put up or shut up.
Tom was told to return to Australia.
Tom was told to shut up.
Tom was told what to do.
Tom was tonsured a monk.
Tom was too afraid to do anything.
Tom was too afraid to enter the cave.
Tom was too afraid to go into the cave.
Tom was too afraid to say anything.
Tom was too afraid to talk.
Tom was too angry to continue working.
Tom was too angry to speak.
Tom was too angry to talk.
Tom was too astonished to reply.
Tom was too boring to spy on and so his handlers arranged for him to be shot in October.
Tom was too busy for me.
Tom was too busy ignoring Mary to notice her ignoring him.
Tom was too busy to help Mary do that today.
Tom was too busy to help Mary do that.
Tom was too busy to help Mary.
Tom was too busy to help me do that.
Tom was too busy to help me.
Tom was too busy to help us.
Tom was too busy to help you do that today.
Tom was too busy to notice any change in Mary's behavior.
Tom was too busy to notice what was happening.
Tom was too busy worrying about Mary to worry about himself.
Tom was too deferential.
Tom was too distracted by her beauty to answer the question.
Tom was too drunk to do anything.
Tom was too drunk to do that.
Tom was too drunk to do what needed to be done.
Tom was too drunk to drive home, so he crashed out on Mary's couch.
Tom was too drunk to drive home, so he slept on Mary's couch.
Tom was too drunk to drive home.
Tom was too drunk to drive.
Tom was too drunk to even open the door.
Tom was too drunk to help Mary do that.
Tom was too drunk to help me do that.
Tom was too drunk to stand.
Tom was too embarrassed to do that.
Tom was too excited to sleep.
Tom was too far away to hear Mary.
Tom was too far away to hear me.
Tom was too far away to hear what Mary was saying.
Tom was too far from us to hear our conversation.
Tom was too fat for Mary.
Tom was too fat.
Tom was too flustered to do that.
Tom was too frightened to do that.
Tom was too frightened to tell his father what he'd done.
Tom was too frightened to tell his father.
Tom was too groggy to speak.
Tom was too hard on Mary.
Tom was too hard on himself.
Tom was too insistent.
Tom was too late.
Tom was too lazy to wrap Christmats presents, so he left them unwrapped.
Tom was too liberal.
Tom was too mad to continue working.
Tom was too nervous to say anything.
Tom was too nervous to speak.
Tom was too old.
Tom was too polite to say anything.
Tom was too polite to say no.
Tom was too poor to buy books to read, but his neighbors often lent him books.
Tom was too proud to accept any help.
Tom was too proud to admit his ignorance.
Tom was too proud to admit it.
Tom was too proud to admit that Maria was right and that he had made a mistake.
Tom was too proud to ask Mary for help.
Tom was too proud to ask anybody for help.
Tom was too proud to ask anyone for help.
Tom was too proud to ask for help.
Tom was too proud to ask us for help.
Tom was too scared to come alone.
Tom was too scared to do anything.
Tom was too scared to even talk about it.
Tom was too scared to even try.
Tom was too scared to even yell.
Tom was too scared to fight.
Tom was too scared to go into the cave.
Tom was too scared to move.
Tom was too scared to say anything.
Tom was too scared to sleep.
Tom was too scared to talk about it.
Tom was too scared to talk.
Tom was too scared to tell Mary the truth.
Tom was too scared to try.
Tom was too scared to walk home by himself.
Tom was too scared to yell.
Tom was too shaken to speak.
Tom was too shocked to say anything.
Tom was too shocked to speak.
Tom was too short to reach the top shelf.
Tom was too short to see over the wall.
Tom was too shy to admit his feelings for Mary.
Tom was too shy to admit his feelings.
Tom was too shy to admit it.
Tom was too shy to ask Mary out.
Tom was too shy to do that.
Tom was too shy to say anything.
Tom was too shy to take part in games with the other boys.
Tom was too shy to talk to Mary.
Tom was too shy to talk to anybody.
Tom was too shy to talk to anyone.
Tom was too sick to do anything.
Tom was too sick to get out of bed.
Tom was too slow.
Tom was too stingy to buy Mary the pendant she wanted so much.
Tom was too strapped for cash to afford even a used car.
Tom was too stunned to react.
Tom was too stunned to reply.
Tom was too stunned to respond.
Tom was too stunned to say anything.
Tom was too stunned to speak.
Tom was too stunned to talk.
Tom was too surprised to be scared.
Tom was too surprised to react.
Tom was too surprised to talk.
Tom was too terrified to do anything.
Tom was too terrified to do that.
Tom was too timid to try.
Tom was too tired to care.
Tom was too tired to continue working.
Tom was too tired to do anything.
Tom was too tired to do that.
Tom was too tired to drive home.
Tom was too tired to even just watch TV.
Tom was too tired to even smile at Mary.
Tom was too tired to go any further.
Tom was too tired to go on.
Tom was too tired to help Mary do that today.
Tom was too tired to help Mary do that.
Tom was too tired to help me do that today.
Tom was too tired to keep on walking.
Tom was too tired to keep on working.
Tom was too tired to keep working.
Tom was too tired to speak.
Tom was too tired to stand in line.
Tom was too tired to study.
Tom was too tired to walk any farther.
Tom was too tired to walk any further.
Tom was too tired to walk home.
Tom was too tired to work.
Tom was too trusting and became a patsy for online scammers.
Tom was too trusting.
Tom was too upset to speak.
Tom was too upset to talk about what had happened.
Tom was too weak to do that.
Tom was too weak to feed himself.
Tom was too weak.
Tom was too well connected.
Tom was too young to do that.
Tom was too young to remember about that.
Tom was too young to take care of himself.
Tom was too young to vote.
Tom was tormented by his coworker all day long.
Tom was tortured and murdered.
Tom was tortured by the police.
Tom was tortured to death.
Tom was tortured.
Tom was totally bladdered before the party had even begun.
Tom was totally blown away by what Mary said.
Tom was totally clueless.
Tom was totally confused.
Tom was totally depressed.
Tom was totally different from his twin brother.
Tom was totally drunk.
Tom was totally impressed.
Tom was totally incompetent.
Tom was totally into it.
Tom was totally into you.
Tom was totally legless before the party had even started.
Tom was totally lost.
Tom was totally naked.
Tom was totally oblivious to the whole thing.
Tom was totally overreacting.
Tom was totally panicked.
Tom was totally right.
Tom was totally silent.
Tom was totally snockered before the party even began.
Tom was totally unprepared for the exam. As a result, he failed.
Tom was totally wasted.
Tom was totally wrong.
Tom was touched by Mary's gift.
Tom was touched by an angel.
Tom was touched by the orphan girl's story.
Tom was touched by the story.
Tom was touched that Mary was worried about him.
Tom was touchy.
Tom was tough.
Tom was toying with you.
Tom was tragically killed during the last days of the war.
Tom was trained as a barber.
Tom was trained as a doctor.
Tom was trained by Mary.
Tom was training in karate.
Tom was trampled by a wild hippopotamus.
Tom was transferred to the head office in Boston.
Tom was transferred to the intensive care unit.
Tom was transfixed by Mary's beauty.
Tom was transported to hospital.
Tom was trapped for ten days by a terrible blizzard.
Tom was trapped in an elevator for 41 hours.
Tom was trapped in that cave for almost thirteen hours.
Tom was trapped in the basement for three days.
Tom was trapped in the cave for three days.
Tom was trapped in the cave.
Tom was trapped inside the burning house.
Tom was trapped inside the car.
Tom was trapped inside.
Tom was trapped there.
Tom was trapped under a large pile of debris.
Tom was trapped under the snow.
Tom was trapped, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was trapped.
Tom was traumatized by what happened.
Tom was traumatized.
Tom was traveling alone.
Tom was traveling by bus.
Tom was traveling incognito.
Tom was traveling with me.
Tom was travelling alone.
Tom was treated and released.
Tom was treated at a burn unit.
Tom was treated at a nearby hospital.
Tom was treated at the hospital.
Tom was treated atrociously.
Tom was treated badly.
Tom was treated fairly.
Tom was treated like a king.
Tom was treated terribly.
Tom was treated there.
Tom was treated unfairly.
Tom was treated well.
Tom was treated with respect.
Tom was trembling with fear.
Tom was trembling.
Tom was tremendously happy after he heard the news.
Tom was trespassing.
Tom was tricked into doing that.
Tom was tricked.
Tom was tried and acquitted.
Tom was tried and convicted.
Tom was tried as a juvenile.
Tom was tried as an adult.
Tom was tried for carjacking.
Tom was tried for murder.
Tom was tried in a kangaroo court.
Tom was trimming his hedge.
Tom was trimming some trees in the garden.
Tom was troubled by the news.
Tom was troubled by what had happened.
Tom was troubled by what happened.
Tom was troubled.
Tom was true to his word.
Tom was truly desperate.
Tom was truthful, I think.
Tom was truthful, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was truthful.
Tom was trying hard not to laugh out loud.
Tom was trying hard not to laugh.
Tom was trying not to laugh.
Tom was trying not to panic.
Tom was trying not to smile.
Tom was trying to appear calm.
Tom was trying to be funny.
Tom was trying to be helpful to you.
Tom was trying to be kind to Mary.
Tom was trying to be quiet.
Tom was trying to calm Mary down.
Tom was trying to calm his dog down.
Tom was trying to calm his dog.
Tom was trying to cheer Mary up.
Tom was trying to conceal something.
Tom was trying to control his anger.
Tom was trying to control his own violent temper.
Tom was trying to crack a walnut without damaging its kernel.
Tom was trying to defuse the bomb when it exploded.
Tom was trying to do it, but he couldn't.
Tom was trying to do that.
Tom was trying to entertain Marie.
Tom was trying to escape.
Tom was trying to figure out what to do.
Tom was trying to find himself.
Tom was trying to find the fault.
Tom was trying to get Mary's attention.
Tom was trying to get away.
Tom was trying to get some food.
Tom was trying to get some sleep.
Tom was trying to get the door open.
Tom was trying to give his money away.
Tom was trying to help Mary.
Tom was trying to help his parents.
Tom was trying to help you.
Tom was trying to help.
Tom was trying to hide behind Mary.
Tom was trying to hide something.
Tom was trying to ignore what was going on.
Tom was trying to ignore what was happening.
Tom was trying to impress Mary.
Tom was trying to impress you.
Tom was trying to kill Mary.
Tom was trying to kill me.
Tom was trying to kill them.
Tom was trying to kill us.
Tom was trying to live a normal life.
Tom was trying to lock the door.
Tom was trying to look calm.
Tom was trying to make a point.
Tom was trying to pick the lock.
Tom was trying to protect Mary.
Tom was trying to protect me.
Tom was trying to protect us.
Tom was trying to protect you.
Tom was trying to pull a splinter out of Mary's finger.
Tom was trying to reach out to her.
Tom was trying to resist arrest.
Tom was trying to scare Mary.
Tom was trying to scare us.
Tom was trying to scare you.
Tom was trying to speak French.
Tom was trying to stay busy.
Tom was trying to stay focused.
Tom was trying to stop Mary.
Tom was trying to talk.
Tom was trying to tell Mary something important, but she wasn't listening.
Tom was trying to tell me something.
Tom was trying to think of the right thing to say.
Tom was trying to trick you.
Tom was trying to warn me.
Tom was trying.
Tom was turned down.
Tom was turned into a dog.
Tom was turning around.
Tom was turning blue.
Tom was turning pale.
Tom was twelve when the Berlin Wall fell.
Tom was twiddling his thumbs.
Tom was typing.
Tom was ugly when he was a kid.
Tom was unable to answer Mary's question.
Tom was unable to answer Mary's questions.
Tom was unable to answer my question.
Tom was unable to answer.
Tom was unable to attend the banquet.
Tom was unable to buy a car.
Tom was unable to buy what he needed.
Tom was unable to complete the job.
Tom was unable to completely give up his hope of marrying Mary.
Tom was unable to conceal his anger.
Tom was unable to conceal his sadness.
Tom was unable to conceal his surprise.
Tom was unable to concentrate.
Tom was unable to contact Mary.
Tom was unable to contact the coast guard.
Tom was unable to control himself any longer.
Tom was unable to control his anger.
Tom was unable to control his emotions and burst into tears.
Tom was unable to convince Mary to go to Boston with him.
Tom was unable to convince Mary to help him.
Tom was unable to convince Mary.
Tom was unable to decide which shirt he should wear.
Tom was unable to decide who he should vote for.
Tom was unable to do it.
Tom was unable to do that by himself.
Tom was unable to do that on his own.
Tom was unable to do that.
Tom was unable to do this.
Tom was unable to do what we asked him to do.
Tom was unable to do what we asked.
Tom was unable to escape.
Tom was unable to explain himself.
Tom was unable to express his anger.
Tom was unable to find Mary a good job.
Tom was unable to fix the latch.
Tom was unable to fix the lock.
Tom was unable to get Mary to do anything.
Tom was unable to get Mary to help him.
Tom was unable to get Mary to understand what he meant.
Tom was unable to help Mary do that.
Tom was unable to help Mary.
Tom was unable to help me.
Tom was unable to hide his excitement.
Tom was unable to hide his reaction.
Tom was unable to hide his tears.
Tom was unable to hold a job or live by himself.
Tom was unable to hold onto the saddle.
Tom was unable to make it to my party.
Tom was unable to move.
Tom was unable to open the cash register.
Tom was unable to open the door.
Tom was unable to open the window.
Tom was unable to produce any evidence to support his statement.
Tom was unable to refute Mary's arguments.
Tom was unable to remember what he had eaten for breakfast.
Tom was unable to resist the temptation.
Tom was unable to restrain himself.
Tom was unable to save Mary.
Tom was unable to shut down the reactor.
Tom was unable to speak French.
Tom was unable to speak.
Tom was unable to stand up.
Tom was unable to take his eyes off of Mary.
Tom was unable to talk Mary out of marrying John.
Tom was unable to talk at the meeting.
Tom was unable to understand anything Mary said.
Tom was unable to wait any longer, so he left.
Tom was unable to wake Mary up.
Tom was unable to walk.
Tom was unafraid.
Tom was unapologetic.
Tom was unarmed.
Tom was unavailable.
Tom was unaware Mary was staring at him.
Tom was unaware of some errors he had made when translating an important document for his boss.
Tom was unaware of that.
Tom was unaware of the danger.
Tom was unaware of the impact of his words.
Tom was unaware of what Mary had done.
Tom was unaware of what had happened.
Tom was unaware of what was going on.
Tom was unaware of what was happening in Boston.
Tom was unaware of what was happening.
Tom was unaware that Mary had already left.
Tom was unaware that Mary had lied.
Tom was unaware that Mary was staring at him.
Tom was unbeatable.
Tom was unbelievable.
Tom was unbiased, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was uncertain how to react.
Tom was uncertain what to expect.
Tom was uncertain whether or not he should tell Mary.
Tom was uncertain.
Tom was uncomfortable, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was uncomfortable.
Tom was unconcerned.
Tom was unconscious for three days.
Tom was unconscious of his mistake.
Tom was unconscious when the medics arrived.
Tom was unconscious when we found him.
Tom was unconscious, but still breathing.
Tom was unconscious.
Tom was uncontrollable.
Tom was unconvinced.
Tom was uncooperative.
Tom was undaunted.
Tom was under a lot of stress at the time.
Tom was under suspicion for murder.
Tom was under the bed.
Tom was under the delusion he could understand everyone in Paris and they were plotting against him.
Tom was under the legal limit.
Tom was under the malefic influence of the witch.
Tom was under thirty at the time.
Tom was under-dressed for the occasion.
Tom was underperforming at work due to long COVID.
Tom was understandably angry.
Tom was understandably concerned.
Tom was understandably confused.
Tom was understandably curious.
Tom was understandably reluctant to do that.
Tom was undeterred by Mary's brash manner; instead it impressed him from the start.
Tom was undoubtedly the most intelligent student in the entire school, but whenever the teacher asked him a question for which he was not prepared, he was filled with such nervousness that he would become confused, and something utterly incomprehensible would issue from his mouth as soon as he opened it.
Tom was undressing Mary with his eyes.
Tom was undressing.
Tom was uneasy, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was unemployed at that time.
Tom was unemployed at the time.
Tom was unenthusiastic about that.
Tom was unenthusiastic.
Tom was unfair to Mary.
Tom was unfair to me.
Tom was unfair to us.
Tom was unfair.
Tom was unfairly accused of stealing.
Tom was unfaithful.
Tom was unfazed by that, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was unfazed by that.
Tom was unflappable.
Tom was unfriendly to Mary.
Tom was unfriendly, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was unfriendly, wasn't he?
Tom was unfriendly.
Tom was ungrateful.
Tom was unhappy because he wasn't invited to the party.
Tom was unhappy because she wouldn't ask him anything.
Tom was unhappy because she wouldn’t ask him anything.
Tom was unhappy with our decision.
Tom was unhappy.
Tom was unharmed.
Tom was unhurt, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was unhurt.
Tom was unimpressed.
Tom was uninterested.
Tom was unintimidated.
Tom was unjustly accused of the crime.
Tom was unkind to Mary.
Tom was unkind to his sister.
Tom was unkind, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was unkind.
Tom was unlucky to be in the bank when the holdup took place.
Tom was unlucky, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was unlucky, wasn't he?
Tom was unlucky.
Tom was unmarried at the time.
Tom was unmarried.
Tom was unmistakable in spite of his mask.
Tom was unpleasant to me today.
Tom was unpleasant.
Tom was unpopular.
Tom was unprepared for the scathing criticism meted out to him by his boss.
Tom was unprepared.
Tom was unreasonable.
Tom was unrecognisable. He was clean-shaven, and his hair was good. His suit fitted him, and his shoes shone. He didn't smell of sweat, but instead wore a scent, and he was very gentlemanly, especially towards Mary.
Tom was unrecognisable: he was clean-shaven, had a decent haircut, wore a tailored suit with polished shoes, didn't reek of sweat, but instead wore a scent, and he behaved in a very gentlemanly way, especially towards Mary.
Tom was unrecognizable.
Tom was unreliable.
Tom was unrepentant.
Tom was unresponsive.
Tom was unruffled.
Tom was unruly in class.
Tom was unruly.
Tom was unsatisfied with the results.
Tom was unscrupulous.
Tom was unshaven and disheveled.
Tom was unshaven.
Tom was unsociable.
Tom was unsophisticated.
Tom was unsteady on his feet.
Tom was unstoppable.
Tom was unsuccessful in finding a job.
Tom was unsuccessful.
Tom was unsure how to proceed.
Tom was unsure how to react.
Tom was unsure of what to do next.
Tom was unsure what Mary would be like and he wondered whether she would get along with his friends.
Tom was unsure what he should do.
Tom was unsure what to do.
Tom was unsure what to say next.
Tom was unsure what to say.
Tom was unsure which way to go.
Tom was unsure.
Tom was untidy.
Tom was untrustworthy.
Tom was unwilling to change his plans.
Tom was unwilling to change.
Tom was unwilling to compromise.
Tom was unwilling to do that.
Tom was unwilling to do what I wanted him to do.
Tom was unwilling to do what we asked him to do.
Tom was unwilling to do what we wanted him to do.
Tom was unwilling to go by himself.
Tom was unwilling to go.
Tom was unwilling to help me do that.
Tom was unwilling to pay that much money for a secondhand computer.
Tom was up a while ago.
Tom was up against the ropes.
Tom was up all night crying.
Tom was up all night studying.
Tom was up all night.
Tom was up before dawn.
Tom was up early.
Tom was up half the night studying.
Tom was up late last night Sephiroth posting.
Tom was up late last night studying.
Tom was up studying all night.
Tom was up there not too long ago.
Tom was up to no good.
Tom was up until about 3:00 a.m. reading a book.
Tom was up until past midnight.
Tom was up when Mary came home.
Tom was up with the lark.
Tom was up, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was up.
Tom was upset about it.
Tom was upset about something.
Tom was upset about that.
Tom was upset because I was eating meat.
Tom was upset because Mary had forgotten his birthday.
Tom was upset because Mary laughed at him.
Tom was upset because Mary refused to help him.
Tom was upset because he felt that he was being treated unfairly.
Tom was upset because he wasn't invited to Mary's party.
Tom was upset because nobody thanked him.
Tom was upset by the situation.
Tom was upset by what Mary did.
Tom was upset by what Mary said.
Tom was upset by what you said.
Tom was upset when I told him about what had happened.
Tom was upset when Mary walked out on him.
Tom was upset when he saw Mary kissing John.
Tom was upset with Mary.
Tom was upset, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was upset, too.
Tom was upset.
Tom was upstairs in bed.
Tom was upstairs.
Tom was used to it.
Tom was used to staying up late.
Tom was using a laser pointer to play with his cat.
Tom was using his cane.
Tom was utterly confused.
Tom was utterly disappointed.
Tom was utterly humiliated.
Tom was vacuuming the room.
Tom was vacuuming the rug while Mary was mopping the kitchen floor.
Tom was vague.
Tom was vain.
Tom was valedictorian and Mary was the salutatorian.
Tom was vengeful.
Tom was venting.
Tom was very Catholic, but not in a conservative way.
Tom was very a humble person.
Tom was very abusive towards his children.
Tom was very active.
Tom was very affectionate.
Tom was very afraid of Mary.
Tom was very afraid of what might happen.
Tom was very afraid.
Tom was very aggressive again. They had to pacify him.
Tom was very aggressive, wasn't he?
Tom was very aggressive.
Tom was very agitated yesterday.
Tom was very agitated.
Tom was very ambitious.
Tom was very amused.
Tom was very angry about all that.
Tom was very angry about that.
Tom was very angry and I was, too.
Tom was very angry and refused to speak to Mary.
Tom was very angry and so was I.
Tom was very angry and wouldn't speak to Mary.
Tom was very angry at Mary and refused to speak to her.
Tom was very angry at Mary.
Tom was very angry at me and he wanted to fire me.
Tom was very angry even though he didn't show it.
Tom was very angry with Mary and it took her a long time to placate him.
Tom was very angry with Mary.
Tom was very angry with his children.
Tom was very angry with me.
Tom was very angry with you.
Tom was very angry, and so was I.
Tom was very angry, wasn't he?
Tom was very angry.
Tom was very annoyed by that.
Tom was very annoyed.
Tom was very anxious to get rid of that car.
Tom was very anxious.
Tom was very apologetic.
Tom was very arrogant.
Tom was very assertive.
Tom was very attached to the golf clubs that his father had given him.
Tom was very attentive.
Tom was very aware of that.
Tom was very aware that every eye in the room was on him.
Tom was very badly burned.
Tom was very believable.
Tom was very boring.
Tom was very bossy.
Tom was very brave.
Tom was very brief.
Tom was very broke.
Tom was very busy all day.
Tom was very busy last week.
Tom was very busy most of the time.
Tom was very busy on Monday.
Tom was very busy today.
Tom was very busy with work.
Tom was very busy yesterday afternoon.
Tom was very busy yesterday.
Tom was very busy.
Tom was very calm.
Tom was very candid in his interview.
Tom was very careful for fear of making a mistake.
Tom was very careful.
Tom was very careless.
Tom was very cautious.
Tom was very cheerful.
Tom was very chuffed with himself after his boss gave him a glowing report.
Tom was very clear about that.
Tom was very clear on that.
Tom was very clear.
Tom was very cold.
Tom was very comfortable.
Tom was very compassionate.
Tom was very concerned about that.
Tom was very concerned about what might happen.
Tom was very concerned about you.
Tom was very concerned.
Tom was very confident about that.
Tom was very confident.
Tom was very conflicted by the difficult decision he had to make.
Tom was very confused.
Tom was very conservative.
Tom was very considerate.
Tom was very contrite.
Tom was very convincing, wasn't he?
Tom was very convincing.
Tom was very cooperative.
Tom was very cordial.
Tom was very courageous to do that.
Tom was very courageous.
Tom was very courteous to us.
Tom was very courteous.
Tom was very crazy.
Tom was very cross with Mary.
Tom was very curious about that.
Tom was very curious.
Tom was very decisive.
Tom was very dedicated.
Tom was very defensive.
Tom was very delighted with your gift.
Tom was very demanding.
Tom was very depressed.
Tom was very desperate to do that.
Tom was very determined to do that.
Tom was very determined to finish the project.
Tom was very determined.
Tom was very different.
Tom was very difficult to get along with.
Tom was very difficult.
Tom was very diligent.
Tom was very diplomatic.
Tom was very direct.
Tom was very dirty when he got home.
Tom was very disappointed.
Tom was very discouraged.
Tom was very discreet.
Tom was very dishonest.
Tom was very disorganized.
Tom was very disrespectful.
Tom was very distressed.
Tom was very domineering.
Tom was very drunk and was not steady on his feet.
Tom was very drunk last night.
Tom was very drunk that night.
Tom was very drunk.
Tom was very eager to go there.
Tom was very early.
Tom was very easy to talk to.
Tom was very educated, speaking several languages fluently.
Tom was very efficient.
Tom was very eloquent.
Tom was very embarrassed when his children didn't behave themselves in the park.
Tom was very embarrassed.
Tom was very emotional.
Tom was very encouraging.
Tom was very energetic.
Tom was very enthusiastic about that.
Tom was very enthusiastic.
Tom was very excited about it.
Tom was very excited.
Tom was very fair.
Tom was very fast.
Tom was very fat the last time I saw him.
Tom was very fat when he was a kid.
Tom was very fat when he was in junior high school.
Tom was very fond of Mary.
Tom was very foolish.
Tom was very forthcoming.
Tom was very frank.
Tom was very friendly and helpful.
Tom was very friendly to me.
Tom was very friendly to us.
Tom was very friendly, wasn't he?
Tom was very friendly.
Tom was very frightened.
Tom was very frugal with his money.
Tom was very frugal.
Tom was very frustrated.
Tom was very funny.
Tom was very generous.
Tom was very gentle.
Tom was very gifted.
Tom was very good at doing that when he was young.
Tom was very good at playing the guitar before he broke three fingers on his left hand.
Tom was very good at sports.
Tom was very good to Mary.
Tom was very good-looking in high school.
Tom was very good.
Tom was very grateful for Mary's help.
Tom was very grateful.
Tom was very greedy.
Tom was very grouchy today.
Tom was very grouchy.
Tom was very guarded.
Tom was very gullible.
Tom was very handsome when he was a teenager.
Tom was very handsome when he was in his teens.
Tom was very handsome when he was young.
Tom was very happy here.
Tom was very happy in Australia.
Tom was very happy in Boston.
Tom was very happy that Mary did that.
Tom was very happy that he could write a sentence without any mistakes.
Tom was very happy that his son returned home safe and sound.
Tom was very happy that his team won.
Tom was very happy to do that for you.
Tom was very happy to see Mary.
Tom was very happy when his team won.
Tom was very happy with how things turned out.
Tom was very happy with the shoes you bought for him.
Tom was very happy with the way things turned out.
Tom was very happy.
Tom was very hard to please.
Tom was very hardworking.
Tom was very helpful yesterday.
Tom was very helpful.
Tom was very hesitant to do that.
Tom was very hopeful.
Tom was very hungry when he got home.
Tom was very hungry, so he ate a lot.
Tom was very hungry.
Tom was very hurt.
Tom was very hypocritical.
Tom was very ill.
Tom was very imaginative.
Tom was very immature.
Tom was very impatient.
Tom was very impolite.
Tom was very impressed with Mary.
Tom was very impressed.
Tom was very impressive.
Tom was very inconsiderate.
Tom was very independent.
Tom was very influential.
Tom was very insecure.
Tom was very insistent.
Tom was very interested in doing that.
Tom was very interested in sports when he was young.
Tom was very interested.
Tom was very intoxicated.
Tom was very involved.
Tom was very irresponsible.
Tom was very irritated.
Tom was very jealous.
Tom was very kind to Mary.
Tom was very kind to everyone.
Tom was very kind to me.
Tom was very kind.
Tom was very late for school this morning.
Tom was very late, wasn't he?
Tom was very late.
Tom was very lazy when he was a teenager.
Tom was very lonely.
Tom was very loud.
Tom was very low key about the whole thing.
Tom was very lucky because his toast fell right side up.
Tom was very lucky.
Tom was very mad at Mary.
Tom was very mad.
Tom was very manipulative.
Tom was very mean to Mary.
Tom was very mean to me.
Tom was very mean.
Tom was very messy.
Tom was very miserable.
Tom was very motivated to do that.
Tom was very motivated to win.
Tom was very much in agreement.
Tom was very much involved in his work.
Tom was very much on his own.
Tom was very naive back then.
Tom was very naive.
Tom was very naughty.
Tom was very nearly run over by a truck.
Tom was very nervous at first.
Tom was very nervous when that was happening.
Tom was very nervous.
Tom was very nice about it.
Tom was very nice to Mary.
Tom was very nice to everybody.
Tom was very nice to everyone.
Tom was very nice to me.
Tom was very nice to us.
Tom was very nice.
Tom was very noisy.
Tom was very obedient.
Tom was very obnoxious.
Tom was very observant.
Tom was very offended.
Tom was very old and ill.
Tom was very old.
Tom was very optimistic.
Tom was very organized.
Tom was very outgoing.
Tom was very pale.
Tom was very particular.
Tom was very patient with Mary.
Tom was very patient with them.
Tom was very patient, wasn't he?
Tom was very patient.
Tom was very persistent.
Tom was very persuasive, wasn't he?
Tom was very persuasive.
Tom was very pleased by my inviting him to the party.
Tom was very pleased to see Mary.
Tom was very pleased with how things turned out.
Tom was very pleased with how things worked out.
Tom was very pleased with that.
Tom was very pleased with the reply.
Tom was very pleased with the result.
Tom was very pleased with the results.
Tom was very pleased with the way things turned out.
Tom was very pleased.
Tom was very polite on the phone.
Tom was very polite with me.
Tom was very polite.
Tom was very poor.
Tom was very popular in high school.
Tom was very popular on campus.
Tom was very popular.
Tom was very prepared.
Tom was very pretentious.
Tom was very protective of Mary.
Tom was very protective of her.
Tom was very proud of Mary.
Tom was very proud of everything he'd been able to accomplish.
Tom was very proud of himself.
Tom was very proud of his father.
Tom was very proud of that.
Tom was very proud of you.
Tom was very proud.
Tom was very puzzled.
Tom was very quick to volunteer.
Tom was very quick.
Tom was very quiet about this.
Tom was very quiet.
Tom was very reasonable.
Tom was very reckless, wasn't he?
Tom was very reckless.
Tom was very relaxed.
Tom was very reliable.
Tom was very relieved.
Tom was very reluctant to do that.
Tom was very reluctant to go.
Tom was very resourceful.
Tom was very respectful.
Tom was very restless.
Tom was very rich.
Tom was very romantic.
Tom was very rude to Mary.
Tom was very rude to everybody.
Tom was very rude to everyone.
Tom was very rude to me.
Tom was very rude to the waitress.
Tom was very rude to us.
Tom was very rude, wasn't he?
Tom was very rude.
Tom was very sad when Mary told him she wanted nothing more to do with him.
Tom was very sad when Mary told him that she wanted nothing more to do with him.
Tom was very sad when his grandmother died.
Tom was very sad.
Tom was very sarcastic, wasn't he?
Tom was very sarcastic.
Tom was very satisfied with it.
Tom was very satisfied with me.
Tom was very satisfied with our performance.
Tom was very satisfied with the results.
Tom was very satisfied with the work Mary did for him.
Tom was very satisfied.
Tom was very scared.
Tom was very secretive.
Tom was very self-conscious.
Tom was very selfish.
Tom was very sensible.
Tom was very sensitive.
Tom was very serious about that.
Tom was very serious.
Tom was very shaken up.
Tom was very shocked.
Tom was very short.
Tom was very shy when he was a child.
Tom was very shy when he was a kid.
Tom was very shy.
Tom was very sick all last week.
Tom was very sick last week.
Tom was very sick.
Tom was very skeptical.
Tom was very skinny when he was a child.
Tom was very skinny when he was a kid.
Tom was very skinny when he was a teenager.
Tom was very sleepy and could hardly keep his eyes open.
Tom was very sleepy.
Tom was very slow.
Tom was very smart, but he didn't like his classes.
Tom was very smug.
Tom was very sneaky.
Tom was very sore.
Tom was very sorry for the inconvenience he had caused.
Tom was very sorry for what he had done.
Tom was very sorry.
Tom was very specific that you be excluded.
Tom was very spoiled.
Tom was very squeamish and would pass out at the sight of blood.
Tom was very strict with his children.
Tom was very strong.
Tom was very struck that Mary remembered his birthday.
Tom was very stubborn, wasn't he?
Tom was very stubborn.
Tom was very successful in Australia.
Tom was very successful in Boston.
Tom was very successful.
Tom was very supportive.
Tom was very sure Mary could do that.
Tom was very sure Mary could take care of herself.
Tom was very sure Mary could win.
Tom was very sure Mary had to do that.
Tom was very sure Mary needed to do that.
Tom was very sure Mary should do that.
Tom was very sure Mary wanted to do that.
Tom was very sure he had to do that.
Tom was very sure he needed to do that.
Tom was very sure that Mary could take care of herself.
Tom was very sure that Mary did that.
Tom was very surprised Mary did that.
Tom was very surprised at the news.
Tom was very surprised at the sight.
Tom was very surprised by what happened.
Tom was very surprised that Mary did that.
Tom was very surprised that happened.
Tom was very surprised that that happened.
Tom was very surprised when he heard the news.
Tom was very surprised, according to Mary.
Tom was very surprised.
Tom was very suspicious.
Tom was very sympathetic to Mary.
Tom was very sympathetic.
Tom was very tactful.
Tom was very talented.
Tom was very talkative last night.
Tom was very talkative this afternoon.
Tom was very talkative, wasn't he?
Tom was very talkative.
Tom was very tempted to do that.
Tom was very tense.
Tom was very terrified.
Tom was very thankful.
Tom was very the first one to do that.
Tom was very the last one to do that.
Tom was very thirsty.
Tom was very thorough.
Tom was very thoughtful.
Tom was very thrilled.
Tom was very tired after a long day working in the field.
Tom was very tired after working all night.
Tom was very tired and fell asleep during the meeting.
Tom was very tired by the time he got home.
Tom was very tired when he got home.
Tom was very tired.
Tom was very tolerant of Mary's ways.
Tom was very tough.
Tom was very troubled.
Tom was very uncooperative.
Tom was very understanding.
Tom was very uneasy.
Tom was very unfair.
Tom was very unfriendly.
Tom was very unhappy about having to spend Christmas in the hospital.
Tom was very unhappy, wasn't he?
Tom was very unhappy.
Tom was very unhelpful.
Tom was very unkind.
Tom was very unlucky.
Tom was very unpleasant because he had slept only for two hours.
Tom was very unpleasant yesterday.
Tom was very unpopular in high school.
Tom was very upset about what happened.
Tom was very upset by that.
Tom was very upset today.
Tom was very upset when Mary didn't come to his party.
Tom was very upset.
Tom was very vague about what he was going to do.
Tom was very weak.
Tom was very well behaved.
Tom was very well prepared.
Tom was very worried about Mary.
Tom was very worried about his wife's health.
Tom was very worried about it.
Tom was very worried about that.
Tom was very worried about you.
Tom was very worried.
Tom was very wrong.
Tom was very young at that time.
Tom was very young in 2013.
Tom was very young when we moved to Boston.
Tom was very, very busy.
Tom was very, very lucky.
Tom was viciously bashed and doctors had to put him into an induced coma to relieve the swelling on his brain.
Tom was victorious.
Tom was vindicated.
Tom was violent.
Tom was visibly afraid to be here.
Tom was visibly angry.
Tom was visibly annoyed.
Tom was visibly bothered.
Tom was visibly disappointed.
Tom was visibly nervous.
Tom was visibly shaken.
Tom was visibly thrilled.
Tom was visibly upset.
Tom was voluntold to pick up trash on the side of the road on behalf of his company.
Tom was vomiting.
Tom was voted Boston's most stylish man.
Tom was voted the sexiest man alive.
Tom was vulnerable.
Tom was waiting at a bus stop.
Tom was waiting at home for Mary.
Tom was waiting at the bus stop.
Tom was waiting at the gate.
Tom was waiting for Mary at the bus stop when I saw him.
Tom was waiting for Mary at the bus stop.
Tom was waiting for Mary at the front door.
Tom was waiting for Mary at the metro's exit.
Tom was waiting for Mary at the way out of the underground.
Tom was waiting for Mary in front of the library all morning.
Tom was waiting for Mary in his car.
Tom was waiting for Mary in the lobby.
Tom was waiting for Mary in the parking lot.
Tom was waiting for Mary on her porch.
Tom was waiting for Mary on the porch.
Tom was waiting for Mary outside the library.
Tom was waiting for Mary outside the restaurant.
Tom was waiting for Mary then.
Tom was waiting for Mary to call him.
Tom was waiting for Mary to come.
Tom was waiting for Mary to leave, so he could get back to reading his book.
Tom was waiting for Mary to start.
Tom was waiting for Mary.
Tom was waiting for a tow truck.
Tom was waiting for a train.
Tom was waiting for his children in front of the school.
Tom was waiting for his parents to pick him up.
Tom was waiting for me at the gate.
Tom was waiting for me at the pool.
Tom was waiting for me in front of the school.
Tom was waiting for me in front of the station, but I thought he was going to be waiting behind the station.
Tom was waiting for me in the parking lot.
Tom was waiting for me patiently.
Tom was waiting for me to help him.
Tom was waiting for me.
Tom was waiting for somebody to do that for him, but nobody did, so he did it himself.
Tom was waiting for someone else to do that for him.
Tom was waiting for someone outside.
Tom was waiting for someone to do that for him, but no one did, so he did it himself.
Tom was waiting for someone.
Tom was waiting for us all morning.
Tom was waiting for us at the gate.
Tom was waiting for us outside.
Tom was waiting for us when we got there.
Tom was waiting for us.
Tom was waiting for you, and you didn't come. Why?
Tom was waiting for you.
Tom was waiting in front of the building.
Tom was waiting in front of the school.
Tom was waiting in his house.
Tom was waiting in line.
Tom was waiting in the cave.
Tom was waiting in the classroom.
Tom was waiting in the darkness.
Tom was waiting inside his cabin.
Tom was waiting on a bench, doing a crossword puzzle.
Tom was waiting outside for thirty minutes.
Tom was waiting outside the library for Mary.
Tom was waiting outside the supermarket for Mary.
Tom was waiting outside.
Tom was waiting over an hour.
Tom was waiting over there for you, but I don't see him now.
Tom was waiting there.
Tom was waiting to see what was going to happen.
Tom was waiting to see what would happen.
Tom was waiting where he said he'd be.
Tom was waiting.
Tom was walking Mary's dog when he ran into John.
Tom was walking ahead of Mary.
Tom was walking along the quiet street when he noticed a robin twittering from an overhead branch.
Tom was walking along the sidewalk.
Tom was walking around his apartment, naked.
Tom was walking at a very quick pace.
Tom was walking behind Mary.
Tom was walking behind me.
Tom was walking down Park Street.
Tom was walking down the stairs.
Tom was walking down the street with Mary at his side.
Tom was walking down the street, talking to himself.
Tom was walking down the street, whistling a tune.
Tom was walking down the street.
Tom was walking his dog when I saw him this morning.
Tom was walking his dog when he got hit by a truck.
Tom was walking his dog yesterday morning when I saw him.
Tom was walking his dog.
Tom was walking his dogs.
Tom was walking home alone at night when he got mugged.
Tom was walking home from the library when he got hit by a truck.
Tom was walking home late at night when he was attacked.
Tom was walking in front of Mary.
Tom was walking in front of me.
Tom was walking in the park alone at night when he got mugged.
Tom was walking in the park with Mary.
Tom was walking in the park with nothing on his mind.
Tom was walking in the woods when he was attacked by a bear.
Tom was walking in the woods.
Tom was walking on the sidewalk on the other side of the road and didn't seem to see me.
Tom was walking pretty fast.
Tom was walking slowly through the park.
Tom was walking slowly with his head down.
Tom was walking slowly.
Tom was walking so fast that Mary couldn't catch up with him.
Tom was walking so fast that we couldn't catch up with him.
Tom was walking to school when he saw Mary.
Tom was walking too fast for Mary catch up with him.
Tom was walking too fast for me catch up with him.
Tom was walking too fast for me keep up with him.
Tom was walking too fast for me to catch up with him.
Tom was walking too fast for us catch up with him.
Tom was walking too fast for us to keep up with him.
Tom was walking towards me when I heard a gunshot.
Tom was walking towards me with a knife in his hand, so I started running.
Tom was walking towards the station when I saw him.
Tom was walking very fast.
Tom was walking very quickly.
Tom was walking very slowly.
Tom was walking.
Tom was wanted for an illegal weapons possession.
Tom was warm and gentle.
Tom was warm.
Tom was warned by his father not to do that.
Tom was warned not to be late.
Tom was warned not to bully Mary again.
Tom was warned not to do that.
Tom was warned to stay away.
Tom was wary.
Tom was washing clothes when I dropped by this morning.
Tom was washing dishes.
Tom was washing his hands.
Tom was washing the dishes at that time.
Tom was washing the dishes.
Tom was washing up.
Tom was wasted.
Tom was watching CNN.
Tom was watching Mary and John.
Tom was watching Mary very carefully to see what she'd do.
Tom was watching Mary.
Tom was watching TV in his underwear when I entered the room.
Tom was watching TV in the living room.
Tom was watching TV last night.
Tom was watching TV when I came home.
Tom was watching TV with tears in his eyes.
Tom was watching TV.
Tom was watching a BBC documentary.
Tom was watching a basketball game on TV.
Tom was watching a movie last night when I went to visit him.
Tom was watching a movie that he didn't like at all.
Tom was watching a movie.
Tom was watching everything.
Tom was watching him sow salad.
Tom was watching his children playing in the park.
Tom was watching me all the time.
Tom was watching me.
Tom was watching the children swimming.
Tom was watching the news when Mary entered the room.
Tom was watching the whole time.
Tom was watching through the window while the dogs mauled Mary.
Tom was watching us.
Tom was watching what was happening very carefully.
Tom was watching.
Tom was waving a flag.
Tom was waving at Mary.
Tom was waving.
Tom was way out of line, and he knew it.
Tom was way out of line.
Tom was way too late.
Tom was weak at mental arithmetic.
Tom was weak.
Tom was wealthy.
Tom was wearing John's pajamas.
Tom was wearing John's pajamas?
Tom was wearing John's pyjamas?
Tom was wearing John's sweater.
Tom was wearing a Halloween costume.
Tom was wearing a Halloween mask.
Tom was wearing a Hawaiian shirt.
Tom was wearing a Santa hat at the Christmas party.
Tom was wearing a Superman costume.
Tom was wearing a T-shirt and a baseball cap.
Tom was wearing a T-shirt.
Tom was wearing a balaclava.
Tom was wearing a bandana.
Tom was wearing a baseball cap when I saw him this morning.
Tom was wearing a baseball cap.
Tom was wearing a bathrobe.
Tom was wearing a beige coat.
Tom was wearing a beret.
Tom was wearing a big white Stetson.
Tom was wearing a black T-shirt and designer jeans.
Tom was wearing a black coat.
Tom was wearing a black hat when I first met him.
Tom was wearing a black hat.
Tom was wearing a black jacket.
Tom was wearing a black knit hat.
Tom was wearing a black suit yesterday.
Tom was wearing a black tie.
Tom was wearing a black turtleneck.
Tom was wearing a black tuxedo.
Tom was wearing a blue and white striped shirt.
Tom was wearing a blue bathing suit.
Tom was wearing a blue coat.
Tom was wearing a blue denim shirt.
Tom was wearing a blue hospital gown.
Tom was wearing a blue jacket.
Tom was wearing a blue shirt and Mary was, too.
Tom was wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans.
Tom was wearing a blue shirt.
Tom was wearing a blue sweater.
Tom was wearing a blue swimsuit.
Tom was wearing a brown coat.
Tom was wearing a brown hat.
Tom was wearing a brown leather jacket.
Tom was wearing a brown overcoat.
Tom was wearing a brown suede coat.
Tom was wearing a bullet-proof vest.
Tom was wearing a bulletproof vest, so he didn't get killed.
Tom was wearing a bulletproof vest, so the bullet didn't kill him.
Tom was wearing a bulletproof vest, so the bullet didn’t kill him.
Tom was wearing a bulletproof vest.
Tom was wearing a camouflage jacket.
Tom was wearing a cap and gown.
Tom was wearing a cap.
Tom was wearing a cheap Halloween mask.
Tom was wearing a cheap suit bought off the rack.
Tom was wearing a coat that was too large for him.
Tom was wearing a coat.
Tom was wearing a costume.
Tom was wearing a cowboy hat the last time I saw him.
Tom was wearing a cowboy hat when I saw him.
Tom was wearing a cowboy hat.
Tom was wearing a denim jacket and blue jeans.
Tom was wearing a dinner jacket when I saw him a few minutes ago.
Tom was wearing a dinner jacket.
Tom was wearing a dress.
Tom was wearing a faded blue work shirt.
Tom was wearing a fisherman's cap.
Tom was wearing a flannel shirt.
Tom was wearing a gray coat.
Tom was wearing a gray hoodie.
Tom was wearing a gray suit and a red tie.
Tom was wearing a gray suit with a red tie.
Tom was wearing a gray suit.
Tom was wearing a green bathing suit.
Tom was wearing a green jacket.
Tom was wearing a green swimsuit.
Tom was wearing a hat made of paper.
Tom was wearing a hat that was too small for him.
Tom was wearing a hat which still had the price tag attached.
Tom was wearing a hat.
Tom was wearing a helmet.
Tom was wearing a hood.
Tom was wearing a hoodie.
Tom was wearing a jacket, even though it was pretty hot.
Tom was wearing a jacket.
Tom was wearing a janitor's uniform.
Tom was wearing a kilt.
Tom was wearing a lab coat.
Tom was wearing a leather jacket.
Tom was wearing a life jacket.
Tom was wearing a lifejacket.
Tom was wearing a mask to conceal his identity.
Tom was wearing a mask.
Tom was wearing a name tag.
Tom was wearing a neck brace.
Tom was wearing a new coat.
Tom was wearing a new hat.
Tom was wearing a new pair of jeans.
Tom was wearing a nice suit.
Tom was wearing a paint-stained T-shirt.
Tom was wearing a pair of tight jeans.
Tom was wearing a patch over one of his eyes.
Tom was wearing a pink polo shirt.
Tom was wearing a plaid shirt.
Tom was wearing a polo shirt.
Tom was wearing a purple sweatshirt.
Tom was wearing a purple tracksuit.
Tom was wearing a raincoat.
Tom was wearing a red and white striped bathing suit.
Tom was wearing a red cap.
Tom was wearing a red headband.
Tom was wearing a red shirt.
Tom was wearing a red tie.
Tom was wearing a reflective vest.
Tom was wearing a ridiculous hat.
Tom was wearing a ridiculous-looking hat.
Tom was wearing a ring.
Tom was wearing a seat belt.
Tom was wearing a seatbelt.
Tom was wearing a shirt that didn't fit him well.
Tom was wearing a shoplifted jacket.
Tom was wearing a short-sleeve shirt when I saw him earlier today.
Tom was wearing a ski mask.
Tom was wearing a sports coat.
Tom was wearing a strange hat.
Tom was wearing a strange-looking hat.
Tom was wearing a straw hat and sunglasses.
Tom was wearing a straw hat the last time I saw him.
Tom was wearing a straw hat.
Tom was wearing a stupid-looking hat.
Tom was wearing a stylish suit.
Tom was wearing a suit and carrying a briefcase.
Tom was wearing a suit tailored especially for him, with his name embossed in gold on the inside coat pocket.
Tom was wearing a suit when I saw him this morning.
Tom was wearing a suit.
Tom was wearing a sweater.
Tom was wearing a swimsuit.
Tom was wearing a threadbare suit.
Tom was wearing a tie.
Tom was wearing a tight-fitting jumper.
Tom was wearing a transparent rain poncho.
Tom was wearing a trench coat.
Tom was wearing a trenchcoat.
Tom was wearing a tux.
Tom was wearing a tuxedo.
Tom was wearing a uniform.
Tom was wearing a very expensive watch.
Tom was wearing a vest.
Tom was wearing a vintage T-shirt.
Tom was wearing a warm coat.
Tom was wearing a watch.
Tom was wearing a white T-shirt.
Tom was wearing a white cotton shirt.
Tom was wearing a white lab coat.
Tom was wearing a white shirt.
Tom was wearing a white sports jacket.
Tom was wearing a wide-brimmed hat.
Tom was wearing a wig.
Tom was wearing a windbreaker.
Tom was wearing a wire.
Tom was wearing a wrinkled shirt.
Tom was wearing a yellow shirt with a blue tie.
Tom was wearing a yellow shirt.
Tom was wearing a yellow tie.
Tom was wearing an apron with the image of a pinecone on it.
Tom was wearing an expensive suit.
Tom was wearing an eyepatch the last time I saw him.
Tom was wearing an old T-shirt with holes in it.
Tom was wearing an old hat.
Tom was wearing an old lab coat.
Tom was wearing an old pair of brown shoes.
Tom was wearing an old pair of shoes.
Tom was wearing an old t-shirt with holes in it.
Tom was wearing an old tweed suit.
Tom was wearing an orange jumpsuit and his hands were cuffed in front of him.
Tom was wearing an orange jumpsuit.
Tom was wearing an orange prison jumpsuit.
Tom was wearing an orange shirt.
Tom was wearing an ugly plaid jacket and a polka-dot tie.
Tom was wearing an ugly shirt.
Tom was wearing baggy tan pants.
Tom was wearing bell-bottoms in the old photo.
Tom was wearing black leather gloves.
Tom was wearing black leather pants and a black leather jacket.
Tom was wearing black socks.
Tom was wearing black work boots.
Tom was wearing black.
Tom was wearing blue denim jeans.
Tom was wearing blue jeans.
Tom was wearing blue.
Tom was wearing boots.
Tom was wearing cat pajamas.
Tom was wearing clothes similar to John's.
Tom was wearing cowboy boots and a Stetson hat.
Tom was wearing cowboy boots and a cowboy hat.
Tom was wearing cowboy boots.
Tom was wearing dark brown shoes.
Tom was wearing dirty blue jeans.
Tom was wearing dirty clothes.
Tom was wearing faded jeans.
Tom was wearing flip-flops and a Hawaiian shirt.
Tom was wearing gaiters.
Tom was wearing glasses.
Tom was wearing gloves.
Tom was wearing goggles.
Tom was wearing headphones.
Tom was wearing his Squirrel T-shirt.
Tom was wearing his bulletproof vest.
Tom was wearing his helmet.
Tom was wearing his new coat.
Tom was wearing his new hat.
Tom was wearing his pajamas when he opened the door.
Tom was wearing his pajamas.
Tom was wearing his seat belt.
Tom was wearing his uniform.
Tom was wearing jeans and a T-shirt.
Tom was wearing jeans yesterday.
Tom was wearing jeans.
Tom was wearing khaki pants the last time I saw him.
Tom was wearing khaki pants the last time that I saw him.
Tom was wearing leggings.
Tom was wearing mirrored sunglasses and a black baseball cap.
Tom was wearing mismatched socks.
Tom was wearing mittens.
Tom was wearing moccasins.
Tom was wearing nothing but his underwear.
Tom was wearing overalls.
Tom was wearing pajamas.
Tom was wearing rain boots.
Tom was wearing rubber boots.
Tom was wearing sandals.
Tom was wearing scuba gear.
Tom was wearing shabby clothes.
Tom was wearing shoes without socks.
Tom was wearing shoes, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was wearing shoes, but he wasn't wearing socks.
Tom was wearing shoes.
Tom was wearing shorts.
Tom was wearing slippers.
Tom was wearing sneakers.
Tom was wearing socks.
Tom was wearing sunglasses.
Tom was wearing sweatpants when I saw him this morning.
Tom was wearing sweatpants.
Tom was wearing swimming trunks.
Tom was wearing the blue cap you gave him.
Tom was wearing the hat Mary gave him.
Tom was wearing the old jacket I'd given him.
Tom was wearing the old jacket that I'd given him.
Tom was wearing the same suit as I was.
Tom was wearing the tie Mary gave him.
Tom was wearing the tie that Mary gave him.
Tom was wearing the tie you gave him.
Tom was wearing tight-fitting jeans.
Tom was wearing trainers.
Tom was wearing what looked like a military uniform.
Tom was wearing white socks.
Tom was wearing wooden clogs.
Tom was weary.
Tom was weird even before the drugs.
Tom was weird.
Tom was welcome wherever he went.
Tom was welcomed back.
Tom was welcoming the guests.
Tom was well aware of Mary's domestic problems.
Tom was well aware that Mary didn't like him.
Tom was well behaved.
Tom was well disguised.
Tom was well dressed.
Tom was well liked by his classmates, teachers and friends.
Tom was well liked by his teammates.
Tom was well liked.
Tom was well over ninety when he died.
Tom was well paid for the work he did.
Tom was well prepared for the exam.
Tom was well received in the club.
Tom was well trained.
Tom was well-behaved.
Tom was well-dressed.
Tom was well-known and respected in the community.
Tom was well-known in the community.
Tom was well.
Tom was wet and cold.
Tom was wet.
Tom was wheezing.
Tom was where Mary said he'd be.
Tom was where he said he'd be.
Tom was where he said that he'd be.
Tom was where he should've been.
Tom was where he was supposed to be.
Tom was whispering.
Tom was whistling a happy tune.
Tom was whistling a song his mother had taught him.
Tom was whistling a tune.
Tom was whistling in the dark to belie how terrified he was to be alone in the house which was rumoured to be haunted.
Tom was whistling some simple tune.
Tom was whistling.
Tom was white as chalk.
Tom was wide awake.
Tom was wide-awake.
Tom was widely accused in the Western media of election fraud.
Tom was wild.
Tom was willing to change his plans.
Tom was willing to compromise.
Tom was willing to cooperate.
Tom was willing to do that, but Mary said he didn't have to.
Tom was willing to do that, but Mary said he didn't need to.
Tom was willing to do that, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was willing to do that.
Tom was willing to do what Mary asked him to do.
Tom was willing to do what we asked him to do.
Tom was willing to do what we wanted him to do.
Tom was willing to give it a try.
Tom was willing to give up everything for Mary.
Tom was willing to go by himself.
Tom was willing to go.
Tom was willing to help me.
Tom was willing to help us.
Tom was willing to help you do that.
Tom was willing to help you.
Tom was willing to make a deal.
Tom was willing to sacrifice everything for you.
Tom was willing to take that risk.
Tom was willing to try anything.
Tom was willing to try doing that.
Tom was willing to try it again.
Tom was willing to try that.
Tom was willing to wait for me.
Tom was willing to wait, but I told him he didn't have to.
Tom was willing to wait.
Tom was winning.
Tom was with Mary all afternoon.
Tom was with Mary all day.
Tom was with Mary all morning.
Tom was with Mary last night.
Tom was with Mary the last time she visited us.
Tom was with Mary the whole time.
Tom was with Mary when I saw him.
Tom was with Mary when her purse was stolen.
Tom was with Mary.
Tom was with a big group of people.
Tom was with a bunch of his friends.
Tom was with a bunch of strangers.
Tom was with a customer, so I didn't talk to him.
Tom was with a girl, but I didn't manage to see who it was.
Tom was with a group of guys.
Tom was with an old friend from high school.
Tom was with his dog in the park when I saw him this morning.
Tom was with his dogs in the park.
Tom was with his dogs.
Tom was with his family last weekend.
Tom was with his friends all day.
Tom was with his friends.
Tom was with his girlfriend.
Tom was with me all day.
Tom was with me all morning.
Tom was with me at my apartment.
Tom was with me at that time.
Tom was with me in my apartment at the time Mary was murdered.
Tom was with me on Monday.
Tom was with me on that day.
Tom was with me the entire time.
Tom was with me the whole time.
Tom was with me when it happened.
Tom was with me.
Tom was with somebody I didn't know.
Tom was with somebody that I didn't know.
Tom was with somebody when I saw him.
Tom was with somebody.
Tom was with someone I didn't know.
Tom was with someone that I didn't know.
Tom was with someone when I saw him.
Tom was with someone.
Tom was with the FBI at the time.
Tom was with three of his friends.
Tom was with three other people.
Tom was with us for three years.
Tom was with us last night.
Tom was with us that afternoon.
Tom was with us the entire time.
Tom was with us the last time that we came to Australia.
Tom was with us the last time we came to Australia.
Tom was with us the last time we came to Boston.
Tom was with us.
Tom was with you guys yesterday, wasn't he?
Tom was without symptoms.
Tom was witty.
Tom was woefully unprepared.
Tom was woken by the pealing of bells in a nearby church.
Tom was woken up by the explosion.
Tom was woken up by the noise.
Tom was woken up in the middle of the night by a loud noise.
Tom was wondering how he was supposed to get around without a car.
Tom was wondering if Mary enjoyed hiking.
Tom was wondering if Mary had a boyfriend.
Tom was wondering if Mary would go out with him.
Tom was wondering the same thing.
Tom was wondering what Mary was thinking.
Tom was wondering what it was that dragged her so, towards the end of all sentences and thought: "Come to me, Mary!"
Tom was wondering what would happen next.
Tom was working alone in the lab.
Tom was working alone.
Tom was working as a waiter at that time.
Tom was working as an interpreter last summer.
Tom was working as hard as possible.
Tom was working at a restaurant in 2013.
Tom was working at his desk all morning.
Tom was working at his desk the last time I saw him.
Tom was working at his desk.
Tom was working for an insurance company.
Tom was working for me.
Tom was working for us at that time.
Tom was working hard.
Tom was working in Australia in 2013.
Tom was working in Australia last year.
Tom was working in Australia up until last October.
Tom was working in Boston in 2013.
Tom was working in Boston last year.
Tom was working in Boston the day Mary was murdered.
Tom was working in Boston up until last October.
Tom was working in Boston when I first met him.
Tom was working in Boston.
Tom was working in his garden naked and barefoot.
Tom was working in his office up until noon.
Tom was working in the garden early this morning.
Tom was working in the garden while Mary was making lunch.
Tom was working just as hard as everybody else.
Tom was working just as hard as everyone else.
Tom was working last night.
Tom was working last weekend.
Tom was working late last night.
Tom was working on a construction site for some time.
Tom was working on that last Monday.
Tom was working part-time.
Tom was working that day.
Tom was working there alone.
Tom was working very hard when I saw him.
Tom was working with Mary.
Tom was working with us yesterday.
Tom was working with us.
Tom was working.
Tom was worn out.
Tom was worried Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom was worried Mary wouldn't leave.
Tom was worried about Mary's safety.
Tom was worried about Mary.
Tom was worried about Mary’s safety.
Tom was worried about getting caught.
Tom was worried about his children's health.
Tom was worried about his children.
Tom was worried about his friend's recent illness.
Tom was worried about his friend.
Tom was worried about his grades.
Tom was worried about his health.
Tom was worried about his homework.
Tom was worried about losing his job.
Tom was worried about me.
Tom was worried about that.
Tom was worried about the approaching trisolar syzygy.
Tom was worried about the kids.
Tom was worried about what might happen if he did that.
Tom was worried about what might happen.
Tom was worried about you.
Tom was worried he might be late for the train.
Tom was worried he might miss the train.
Tom was worried his cat would never come back.
Tom was worried sick about Mary.
Tom was worried sick.
Tom was worried somebody would discover details about his past.
Tom was worried someone would discover details about his past.
Tom was worried that Mary might do something stupid.
Tom was worried that Mary's words were indirectly aimed at him, but in truth she was only talking about herself in a self-depreciating manner.
Tom was worried that he might be late for the train.
Tom was worried that he might be late.
Tom was worried that he might get fired.
Tom was worried that he might lose his license.
Tom was worried that he might miss the train.
Tom was worried that he wouldn't make any friends.
Tom was worried that he'd get lost.
Tom was worried that his cat would never come back.
Tom was worried that his cholesterol level might be a little high.
Tom was worried that somebody would discover details about his past.
Tom was worried that somebody would discover details from his past.
Tom was worried that someone would discover details about his past.
Tom was worried that someone would discover details from his past.
Tom was worried that something bad might happen.
Tom was worried that something might happen to Mary.
Tom was worried that something might happen to him.
Tom was worried that we'd get lost.
Tom was worried that you wouldn't like his gift.
Tom was worried you wouldn't do that.
Tom was worried, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was worried, too.
Tom was worried.
Tom was wounded and captured.
Tom was wounded and returned home.
Tom was wounded by a bullet in the neck.
Tom was wounded by a bullet.
Tom was wounded in a burglary.
Tom was wounded in a street fight.
Tom was wounded in the attack.
Tom was wounded in the battle.
Tom was wounded in the fight.
Tom was wounded in the leg.
Tom was wounded in the war.
Tom was wounded.
Tom was wrestling with his sexual demons.
Tom was writhing in agony.
Tom was writing a book last year.
Tom was writing a letter to Mary this morning.
Tom was writing a novel.
Tom was writing at his desk when Mary entered the room.
Tom was writing cryptic notes in a cipher.
Tom was writing.
Tom was wrong about that, but he was right about everything else.
Tom was wrong about that, too.
Tom was wrong about that.
Tom was wrong about you.
Tom was wrong again.
Tom was wrong and I told him so.
Tom was wrong and Mary was right.
Tom was wrong as usual.
Tom was wrong to blame Mary for the accident.
Tom was wrong to do it.
Tom was wrong to do that.
Tom was wrong to laugh.
Tom was wrong to refuse Mary's help.
Tom was wrong to refuse Mary’s help.
Tom was wrong yesterday.
Tom was wrong, of course.
Tom was wrong, wasn't he?
Tom was wrong.
Tom was wrongfully convicted.
Tom was wrongly convicted.
Tom was yawning.
Tom was yelling a lot.
Tom was yelling at Mary just a while ago.
Tom was yelling at Mary.
Tom was yelling at me, the baby was crying and then my phone started ringing.
Tom was yelling at me.
Tom was yelling at one of the security guards.
Tom was yelling in French.
Tom was yelling profanities.
Tom was yelling quite a bit.
Tom was yelling.
Tom was young and handsome.
Tom was young and impressionable.
Tom was young.
Tom was your French teacher, wasn't he?
Tom was your boyfriend at one time, wasn't he?
Tom was your boyfriend when you were in high school, wasn't he?
Tom was your choice.
Tom was your friend, wasn't he?
Tom was your guitar teacher, wasn't he?
Tom was your teacher, wasn't he?
Tom was, of course, acquitted.
Tom was, of course, happy.
Tom was, of course, innocent.
Tom was, of course, very tired.
Tom washed Mary's car for her.
Tom washed Mary's car while she was sick.
Tom washed Mary's car.
Tom washed Mary's clothes for her.
Tom washed Mary's clothes.
Tom washed all his clothes yesterday.
Tom washed all the blood out of his alcohol system a long time ago.
Tom washed all the laundry and hung it up to dry.
Tom washed all the towels.
Tom washed an apple and handed it to Mary.
Tom washed away the blood from his hands.
Tom washed behind his ears.
Tom washed both cars.
Tom washed himself in the stream.
Tom washed himself.
Tom washed his brush.
Tom washed his car and then rinsed it.
Tom washed his car.
Tom washed his cat.
Tom washed his clothes.
Tom washed his dog yesterday.
Tom washed his dog.
Tom washed his ears.
Tom washed his face and hands.
Tom washed his face with a napkin.
Tom washed his face with a tablecloth.
Tom washed his face.
Tom washed his feet the best he could.
Tom washed his feet.
Tom washed his hair with cold water.
Tom washed his hair.
Tom washed his hands and face.
Tom washed his hands before eating.
Tom washed his hands quickly.
Tom washed his hands with soap and water.
Tom washed his hands, but Mary didn't wash hers.
Tom washed his hands.
Tom washed his socks in the sink.
Tom washed his sweater in the washing machine and it shrank.
Tom washed his towels.
Tom washed off the paint.
Tom washed out the sink.
Tom washed the apple and began eating it.
Tom washed the apple before he ate it.
Tom washed the apple before he peeled it.
Tom washed the apple.
Tom washed the apples before peeling them.
Tom washed the apples.
Tom washed the blood off his hands.
Tom washed the blood off the knife.
Tom washed the car this morning.
Tom washed the car.
Tom washed the dirt off his face.
Tom washed the dirt off his shoes.
Tom washed the dishes after dinner.
Tom washed the dishes and Mary dried them.
Tom washed the dishes even though no one asked him to.
Tom washed the dishes mindlessly.
Tom washed the dishes, and Mary dried them.
Tom washed the dishes.
Tom washed the lenses of his glasses with warm, soapy water and dried them on a cloth.
Tom washed the lettuce while Mary cut the tomatoes.
Tom washed the lettuce while Mary sliced the tomatoes.
Tom washed the lettuce.
Tom washed the paint off his hands.
Tom washed the potatoes.
Tom washed the pots and pans in the sink.
Tom washed the pots and pans.
Tom washed the sand off his feet.
Tom washed the silverware.
Tom washed the windows.
Tom washed these apples, but didn't wash those over there.
Tom washed two apples and gave one of them to Mary.
Tom washed up after supper.
Tom washed up.
Tom washes clothes at least once a week.
Tom washes clothes three times a week.
Tom washes his car at least once a week.
Tom washes his car every morning.
Tom washes his car every week.
Tom washes his car once a week.
Tom washes his face every morning before breakfast.
Tom washes his hair almost every day.
Tom washes his hair every day.
Tom washes his hair every time he takes a shower.
Tom washes his hair three times a week.
Tom washes his hair without using shampoo.
Tom washes his hands a lot.
Tom washes his hands all the time.
Tom washes his hands before eating anything.
Tom washes his hands more than thirty times a day.
Tom washes his hands quite often.
Tom washes his hands several times an hour.
Tom washes his hands twenty-seven times a day.
Tom washes his hands.
Tom washes his sheets every other week.
Tom washes his towels once a week.
Tom washes my windows.
Tom washes the dishes for Mary.
Tom washes the dishes.
Tom washes the kitchen curtains twice a year.
Tom washes this car once a week.
Tom wasn't John's best man.
Tom wasn't John's roommate.
Tom wasn't Mary's French teacher.
Tom wasn't Mary's boyfriend last year.
Tom wasn't Mary's boyfriend.
Tom wasn't Mary's first boyfriend.
Tom wasn't Mary's only son.
Tom wasn't Mary's teacher.
Tom wasn't Mary's type.
Tom wasn't OK, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't OK.
Tom wasn't a French teacher.
Tom wasn't a bad boy.
Tom wasn't a bad coach.
Tom wasn't a bad guy.
Tom wasn't a bad kid.
Tom wasn't a bad person.
Tom wasn't a bad student.
Tom wasn't a bartender.
Tom wasn't a baseball player.
Tom wasn't a big drinker.
Tom wasn't a big guy.
Tom wasn't a bit alarmed.
Tom wasn't a bit hungry.
Tom wasn't a bit impatient.
Tom wasn't a bit interested.
Tom wasn't a bit scared.
Tom wasn't a bit sleepy.
Tom wasn't a bit surprised by Mary's behavior.
Tom wasn't a bit surprised by how well Mary could speak French.
Tom wasn't a bit surprised by how well Mary could swim.
Tom wasn't a bit tired.
Tom wasn't a bit worried about what might happen.
Tom wasn't a bit worried.
Tom wasn't a boy scout.
Tom wasn't a brave man.
Tom wasn't a bright student.
Tom wasn't a carpenter.
Tom wasn't a child; he is still a child.
Tom wasn't a church-going man.
Tom wasn't a close friend.
Tom wasn't a coal miner.
Tom wasn't a college student in 2013.
Tom wasn't a confrontational person.
Tom wasn't a credible witness.
Tom wasn't a crook.
Tom wasn't a diplomat.
Tom wasn't a farmer.
Tom wasn't a good actor.
Tom wasn't a good boxer.
Tom wasn't a good coach.
Tom wasn't a good cook.
Tom wasn't a good dancer in high school.
Tom wasn't a good dancer.
Tom wasn't a good driver.
Tom wasn't a good enough player to make the team.
Tom wasn't a good father.
Tom wasn't a good liar.
Tom wasn't a good player.
Tom wasn't a good roommate.
Tom wasn't a good singer.
Tom wasn't a good sport about it.
Tom wasn't a good student.
Tom wasn't a good swimmer.
Tom wasn't a good teacher.
Tom wasn't a good witness.
Tom wasn't a good worker.
Tom wasn't a great teammate.
Tom wasn't a greedy man.
Tom wasn't a hero.
Tom wasn't a hippie.
Tom wasn't a history major.
Tom wasn't a hockey fan.
Tom wasn't a janitor.
Tom wasn't a journalism student.
Tom wasn't a junkman.
Tom wasn't a lazy child.
Tom wasn't a lieutenant.
Tom wasn't a loner.
Tom wasn't a lumberjack.
Tom wasn't a medical student.
Tom wasn't a member at that time.
Tom wasn't a member of our club.
Tom wasn't a member of our crew.
Tom wasn't a member of our group.
Tom wasn't a member of the choir.
Tom wasn't a miner.
Tom wasn't a model student.
Tom wasn't a music major.
Tom wasn't a nice boy.
Tom wasn't a nice guy.
Tom wasn't a nice kid.
Tom wasn't a nice man.
Tom wasn't a nice person.
Tom wasn't a patient of mine.
Tom wasn't a perfect stranger.
Tom wasn't a piano teacher.
Tom wasn't a plumber.
Tom wasn't a potato farmer.
Tom wasn't a prisoner.
Tom wasn't a religious man.
Tom wasn't a rich man.
Tom wasn't a schoolteacher.
Tom wasn't a science teacher.
Tom wasn't a servant.
Tom wasn't a soldier.
Tom wasn't a stranger to Mary.
Tom wasn't a stranger.
Tom wasn't a strong man.
Tom wasn't a student at that time.
Tom wasn't a student here.
Tom wasn't a successful businessman.
Tom wasn't a suspect.
Tom wasn't a teacher.
Tom wasn't a thief.
Tom wasn't a tourist.
Tom wasn't a traitor.
Tom wasn't a traveling salesman.
Tom wasn't a university student at that time, was he?
Tom wasn't a very good decision-maker.
Tom wasn't a very good driver at that time.
Tom wasn't a very good man.
Tom wasn't a very good pianist.
Tom wasn't a very good roommate.
Tom wasn't a very good student.
Tom wasn't a very good witness.
Tom wasn't a very nice guy.
Tom wasn't a very nice man.
Tom wasn't a very strict teacher.
Tom wasn't a waiter at that time.
Tom wasn't able find what he was looking for.
Tom wasn't able to answer Mary's question.
Tom wasn't able to answer Mary's questions.
Tom wasn't able to answer Mary's technical questions.
Tom wasn't able to answer any of the questions.
Tom wasn't able to answer every question.
Tom wasn't able to answer my question.
Tom wasn't able to answer my questions.
Tom wasn't able to answer.
Tom wasn't able to apologize in French.
Tom wasn't able to attend the party.
Tom wasn't able to attend the trial.
Tom wasn't able to be at the meeting.
Tom wasn't able to be here to meet you himself, so he asked me to come in his place.
Tom wasn't able to blow out all the candles on the cake.
Tom wasn't able to buy enough food for everyone.
Tom wasn't able to buy everything he needed.
Tom wasn't able to buy everything we needed.
Tom wasn't able to buy the house he wanted.
Tom wasn't able to buy the house that he wanted.
Tom wasn't able to buy what Mary needed.
Tom wasn't able to buy what he needed.
Tom wasn't able to buy what he wanted.
Tom wasn't able to calm Mary down.
Tom wasn't able to carry all of the books.
Tom wasn't able to catch the ball with one hand.
Tom wasn't able to catch the ball.
Tom wasn't able to catch the mouse.
Tom wasn't able to catch up with Mary.
Tom wasn't able to change Mary's mind.
Tom wasn't able to change anything.
Tom wasn't able to come to our party.
Tom wasn't able to complete the job.
Tom wasn't able to conceal his anger.
Tom wasn't able to conceal his annoyance.
Tom wasn't able to conceal his sadness.
Tom wasn't able to concentrate.
Tom wasn't able to contact Mary by phone.
Tom wasn't able to contact Mary.
Tom wasn't able to control his anger.
Tom wasn't able to convince Mary do that.
Tom wasn't able to convince Mary go to the dance with him.
Tom wasn't able to convince Mary that he was innocent.
Tom wasn't able to convince Mary to come back home.
Tom wasn't able to convince Mary to do that.
Tom wasn't able to convince Mary.
Tom wasn't able to cook himself dinner.
Tom wasn't able to dance.
Tom wasn't able to decide what to do next.
Tom wasn't able to decide what to do.
Tom wasn't able to decide who he should vote for.
Tom wasn't able to defend himself.
Tom wasn't able to do anything at the time.
Tom wasn't able to do anything for Mary.
Tom wasn't able to do anything he had to do.
Tom wasn't able to do anything he needed to do.
Tom wasn't able to do anything he wanted to do.
Tom wasn't able to do anything he was supposed to do.
Tom wasn't able to do everything by himself.
Tom wasn't able to do everything he had to do.
Tom wasn't able to do everything he needed to do.
Tom wasn't able to do everything he promised he'd do.
Tom wasn't able to do everything he promised that he'd do.
Tom wasn't able to do everything he wanted to do.
Tom wasn't able to do everything we asked him to do.
Tom wasn't able to do it.
Tom wasn't able to do keep Mary from doing that.
Tom wasn't able to do stop Mary from doing that.
Tom wasn't able to do that by himself.
Tom wasn't able to do that today.
Tom wasn't able to do that until he was thirty.
Tom wasn't able to do that very well.
Tom wasn't able to do that yesterday.
Tom wasn't able to do that, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't able to do that.
Tom wasn't able to do what Mary asked him to do.
Tom wasn't able to do what he had to do.
Tom wasn't able to do what he needed to do.
Tom wasn't able to do what he said he could do.
Tom wasn't able to do what he wanted to do.
Tom wasn't able to do what he wanted to.
Tom wasn't able to do what he wanted.
Tom wasn't able to do what needed to be done in the amount of time they gave him.
Tom wasn't able to do what needed to be done.
Tom wasn't able to do what we asked him to do.
Tom wasn't able to do what we asked.
Tom wasn't able to eat as much he wanted to.
Tom wasn't able to eat for three days.
Tom wasn't able to escape from the burning plane.
Tom wasn't able to escape.
Tom wasn't able to explain himself.
Tom wasn't able to explain how that happened.
Tom wasn't able to explain that in a way his students could understand.
Tom wasn't able to explain that in a way that his students could understand.
Tom wasn't able to explain that.
Tom wasn't able to explain the situation very clearly.
Tom wasn't able to explain what had happened.
Tom wasn't able to express how he felt.
Tom wasn't able to figure out how to get the box open.
Tom wasn't able to figure out how to open the box.
Tom wasn't able to figure out what to do.
Tom wasn't able to find Mary a good job.
Tom wasn't able to find Mary's grave.
Tom wasn't able to find Mary's house.
Tom wasn't able to find Mary.
Tom wasn't able to find a babysitter on such short notice.
Tom wasn't able to find a job.
Tom wasn't able to find a place to park.
Tom wasn't able to find his gloves.
Tom wasn't able to find his hat.
Tom wasn't able to find his phone.
Tom wasn't able to find his shoes.
Tom wasn't able to find his umbrella.
Tom wasn't able to find the documents he was looking for.
Tom wasn't able to find the money I'd hidden.
Tom wasn't able to find the time to do that.
Tom wasn't able to find what I'd hidden.
Tom wasn't able to find what Mary had hidden.
Tom wasn't able to find what he needed.
Tom wasn't able to find what he was looking for.
Tom wasn't able to find work in Boston.
Tom wasn't able to find work.
Tom wasn't able to finish college.
Tom wasn't able to finish his dinner.
Tom wasn't able to finish on time.
Tom wasn't able to finish what he'd started.
Tom wasn't able to fix his car by himself.
Tom wasn't able to fix it.
Tom wasn't able to fix that.
Tom wasn't able to fix the broken radio.
Tom wasn't able to fix the car by himself.
Tom wasn't able to fix the garbage disposal.
Tom wasn't able to fix the latch.
Tom wasn't able to fix the radio.
Tom wasn't able to fool Mary.
Tom wasn't able to get Mary to do anything.
Tom wasn't able to get Mary to do that.
Tom wasn't able to get Mary to help him.
Tom wasn't able to get Mary to laugh.
Tom wasn't able to get Mary to leave.
Tom wasn't able to get Mary to smile.
Tom wasn't able to get Mary to tell the truth.
Tom wasn't able to get Mary to understand what he meant.
Tom wasn't able to get a visa.
Tom wasn't able to get any help.
Tom wasn't able to get everything done that had to be done.
Tom wasn't able to get everything done that needed to be done.
Tom wasn't able to get everything he needed in his suitcase.
Tom wasn't able to get his car started.
Tom wasn't able to get his job back.
Tom wasn't able to get his money back.
Tom wasn't able to get his own way.
Tom wasn't able to get into the university he wanted to go to.
Tom wasn't able to get into the university that he wanted to go to.
Tom wasn't able to get out of the car.
Tom wasn't able to get the box open.
Tom wasn't able to get the cash register open.
Tom wasn't able to get the cork out of the bottle.
Tom wasn't able to get the door open.
Tom wasn't able to get the electric can opener to work.
Tom wasn't able to get the job.
Tom wasn't able to get the lawn mower started.
Tom wasn't able to get the motor started.
Tom wasn't able to get the safe open.
Tom wasn't able to get what I wanted.
Tom wasn't able to get what he needed.
Tom wasn't able to get what he wanted.
Tom wasn't able to give a logical explanation.
Tom wasn't able to go back to his house.
Tom wasn't able to go fishing with us yesterday.
Tom wasn't able to go to Australia.
Tom wasn't able to go to college.
Tom wasn't able to handle it.
Tom wasn't able to handle that job.
Tom wasn't able to handle the problem by himself.
Tom wasn't able to handle the problem.
Tom wasn't able to help Mary do that.
Tom wasn't able to help Mary with her homework.
Tom wasn't able to help Mary.
Tom wasn't able to help me.
Tom wasn't able to help us today, because he was busy.
Tom wasn't able to help us.
Tom wasn't able to hide his annoyance.
Tom wasn't able to hide his excitement.
Tom wasn't able to hide his feelings.
Tom wasn't able to hold back his anger.
Tom wasn't able to hold onto the saddle.
Tom wasn't able to impress Mary.
Tom wasn't able to impress anybody.
Tom wasn't able to impress anyone.
Tom wasn't able to keep his balance.
Tom wasn't able to keep up with his class.
Tom wasn't able to make Mary do that.
Tom wasn't able to make Mary laugh.
Tom wasn't able to make himself understood in French.
Tom wasn't able to make himself understood.
Tom wasn't able to make us laugh.
Tom wasn't able to manage it alone.
Tom wasn't able to marry Mary.
Tom wasn't able to meet Mary.
Tom wasn't able to move the desk by himself.
Tom wasn't able to move the piano by himself.
Tom wasn't able to move.
Tom wasn't able to open the bottle.
Tom wasn't able to open the box.
Tom wasn't able to open the door.
Tom wasn't able to open the safe.
Tom wasn't able to pack everything he needed in his suitcase.
Tom wasn't able to park behind the hotel.
Tom wasn't able to participate.
Tom wasn't able to pass the exam.
Tom wasn't able to pass the examination.
Tom wasn't able to pass the test.
Tom wasn't able to pay all his bills last month.
Tom wasn't able to persuade Mary to do that.
Tom wasn't able to persuade Mary to drive.
Tom wasn't able to pick the lock.
Tom wasn't able to play basketball last season because of a broken leg.
Tom wasn't able to protect Mary.
Tom wasn't able to prove his theory.
Tom wasn't able to provide an alibi so the police arrested him.
Tom wasn't able to read in the dim light.
Tom wasn't able to read until he was thirteen years old.
Tom wasn't able to read until he was thirteen.
Tom wasn't able to read what was written.
Tom wasn't able to remember what he'd eaten for breakfast.
Tom wasn't able to remember where he had parked his car.
Tom wasn't able to remember where he put his passport.
Tom wasn't able to repair the broken radio.
Tom wasn't able to reply.
Tom wasn't able to resist the temptation.
Tom wasn't able to restrain himself.
Tom wasn't able to run any faster.
Tom wasn't able to save Mary's life.
Tom wasn't able to save Mary.
Tom wasn't able to say everything that he wanted to say.
Tom wasn't able to say what he wanted to in French.
Tom wasn't able to say what he wanted to say.
Tom wasn't able to see Mary in the crowd.
Tom wasn't able to see anything.
Tom wasn't able to see what Mary was doing.
Tom wasn't able to sell anything.
Tom wasn't able to sell even one painting.
Tom wasn't able to send his son to school.
Tom wasn't able to shoot the bear.
Tom wasn't able to shoot the deer.
Tom wasn't able to sleep on the bus.
Tom wasn't able to solve that problem.
Tom wasn't able to solve the problem by himself.
Tom wasn't able to solve the problem, was he?
Tom wasn't able to solve the problem.
Tom wasn't able to speak French well enough to be understood.
Tom wasn't able to speak.
Tom wasn't able to stand up.
Tom wasn't able to start his car.
Tom wasn't able to stay awake.
Tom wasn't able to stay in Australia as long as he wanted to.
Tom wasn't able to stay in Boston as long as he wanted to.
Tom wasn't able to stop Mary.
Tom wasn't able to support his family.
Tom wasn't able to swim across the river.
Tom wasn't able to swim.
Tom wasn't able to take care of Mary.
Tom wasn't able to take care of his children.
Tom wasn't able to take care of his kids.
Tom wasn't able to take his eyes off of Mary.
Tom wasn't able to take the exam because he was sick.
Tom wasn't able to talk Mary into baking a cake for John's birthday party.
Tom wasn't able to talk Mary into doing that.
Tom wasn't able to talk Mary out of doing that.
Tom wasn't able to talk Mary out of marrying John.
Tom wasn't able to talk at the meeting.
Tom wasn't able to talk to Mary.
Tom wasn't able to teach Mary how to do that.
Tom wasn't able to teach Mary how to drive.
Tom wasn't able to tell Mary how he really felt.
Tom wasn't able to think clearly.
Tom wasn't able to think of a good hiding place.
Tom wasn't able to translate everything for me.
Tom wasn't able to unclog the sink.
Tom wasn't able to uncork the bottle.
Tom wasn't able to understand French.
Tom wasn't able to understand anything Mary said.
Tom wasn't able to understand everything Mary said.
Tom wasn't able to understand it.
Tom wasn't able to understand what was going on.
Tom wasn't able to visit Australia.
Tom wasn't able to wake Mary up.
Tom wasn't able to walk.
Tom wasn't able to win yesterday.
Tom wasn't able to win.
Tom wasn't able to work for three weeks.
Tom wasn't able to work last week.
Tom wasn't able to work today.
Tom wasn't about to do that.
Tom wasn't about to give up.
Tom wasn't about to leave Mary alone with John.
Tom wasn't absent last Monday.
Tom wasn't absent yesterday.
Tom wasn't absent, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't absent.
Tom wasn't accepted into Harvard.
Tom wasn't accepted yet.
Tom wasn't acquitted.
Tom wasn't acting on his own.
Tom wasn't actually here last Monday.
Tom wasn't actually supposed to do that.
Tom wasn't actually the one who did that.
Tom wasn't actually there.
Tom wasn't afraid of Mary.
Tom wasn't afraid of anyone.
Tom wasn't afraid of death.
Tom wasn't afraid of me.
Tom wasn't afraid of that.
Tom wasn't afraid of us.
Tom wasn't afraid of you.
Tom wasn't afraid to ask for help.
Tom wasn't afraid to die.
Tom wasn't afraid to do anything.
Tom wasn't afraid to do that.
Tom wasn't afraid to fail.
Tom wasn't afraid to get his clothes dirty.
Tom wasn't afraid to go into the cave.
Tom wasn't afraid to say no.
Tom wasn't afraid to speak French.
Tom wasn't afraid to speak out in the meeting.
Tom wasn't afraid to talk about his own shortcomings.
Tom wasn't afraid to talk to Mary.
Tom wasn't afraid, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't afraid, was he?
Tom wasn't afraid.
Tom wasn't aggressive.
Tom wasn't agitated.
Tom wasn't alerted.
Tom wasn't alive.
Tom wasn't all alone in the house. Mary was there, too.
Tom wasn't all alone.
Tom wasn't all by himself.
Tom wasn't all wrong.
Tom wasn't allowed in.
Tom wasn't allowed inside.
Tom wasn't allowed into Mary's hospital room.
Tom wasn't allowed to ask any questions.
Tom wasn't allowed to board the plane because he didn't hold a valid travel document.
Tom wasn't allowed to do that.
Tom wasn't allowed to drive.
Tom wasn't allowed to eat anything.
Tom wasn't allowed to eat lunch at his desk.
Tom wasn't allowed to go home.
Tom wasn't allowed to help Mary.
Tom wasn't allowed to help.
Tom wasn't allowed to join the team.
Tom wasn't allowed to leave his house.
Tom wasn't allowed to leave.
Tom wasn't allowed to marry Mary.
Tom wasn't allowed to say anything.
Tom wasn't allowed to see Mary.
Tom wasn't allowed to see his father.
Tom wasn't allowed to see it.
Tom wasn't allowed to sing.
Tom wasn't allowed to smoke there.
Tom wasn't allowed to speak French.
Tom wasn't allowed to speak at the meeting.
Tom wasn't allowed to stay.
Tom wasn't allowed to study French.
Tom wasn't allowed to take it.
Tom wasn't allowed to talk at the meeting.
Tom wasn't allowed to teach French.
Tom wasn't allowed to tell Mary anything.
Tom wasn't allowed to tell Mary everything he knew.
Tom wasn't allowed to visit his father in prison.
Tom wasn't allowed to visit his father who was in prison.
Tom wasn't allowed to watch R-rated movies until he was in middle school.
Tom wasn't alone at home.
Tom wasn't alone at the time.
Tom wasn't alone in his room.
Tom wasn't alone in the house.
Tom wasn't alone in the kitchen.
Tom wasn't alone in the room.
Tom wasn't alone on Monday night.
Tom wasn't alone on the island.
Tom wasn't alone this time.
Tom wasn't alone.
Tom wasn't alone. He was with Mary.
Tom wasn't altogether wrong.
Tom wasn't always like that.
Tom wasn't always like that. He's changed a lot.
Tom wasn't always right.
Tom wasn't always there for me.
Tom wasn't always there.
Tom wasn't always this happy.
Tom wasn't always this way.
Tom wasn't always wrong.
Tom wasn't ambitious.
Tom wasn't among the people who came.
Tom wasn't amused by what was going on, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't amused, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't amused.
Tom wasn't an architect. He was a journalist.
Tom wasn't an easy person to get along with.
Tom wasn't an electrical engineer.
Tom wasn't an especially good pupil at school.
Tom wasn't an especially good student at school.
Tom wasn't an especially good student in high school.
Tom wasn't an innocent bystander.
Tom wasn't angry about that. He was angry about something else.
Tom wasn't angry and neither was Mary.
Tom wasn't angry with Mary.
Tom wasn't angry with anybody.
Tom wasn't angry, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't angry.
Tom wasn't annoyed, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't annoying.
Tom wasn't any help either.
Tom wasn't any quicker at doing that than Mary was.
Tom wasn't apologetic.
Tom wasn't appropriately dressed.
Tom wasn't armed.
Tom wasn't around a whole lot.
Tom wasn't around for that.
Tom wasn't around to see who won.
Tom wasn't arrested in Australia. He was arrested in New Zealand.
Tom wasn't arrested in Boston. He was arrested in Chicago.
Tom wasn't arrested, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't arrested.
Tom wasn't as angry as I expected him to be.
Tom wasn't as astonished as I was.
Tom wasn't as boring as I thought he'd be.
Tom wasn't as busy as I thought he'd be.
Tom wasn't as busy as I was.
Tom wasn't as busy as Mary told me he would be.
Tom wasn't as busy as Mary was.
Tom wasn't as busy as Mary.
Tom wasn't as busy as me.
Tom wasn't as busy as you said he was.
Tom wasn't as busy as you were.
Tom wasn't as careful as he should have been.
Tom wasn't as careful as he should've been.
Tom wasn't as drunk as Mary was.
Tom wasn't as fast as I was.
Tom wasn't as fast as me.
Tom wasn't as fast as the rest of us.
Tom wasn't as handsome as Mary said he was.
Tom wasn't as heavy as I was when we were in high school.
Tom wasn't as heavy as me last year, but now he's heavier.
Tom wasn't as helpful as Mary.
Tom wasn't as hungry as I thought he'd be.
Tom wasn't as impatient as Mary.
Tom wasn't as lucky as we were.
Tom wasn't as nervous as I was.
Tom wasn't as nervous as Mary was.
Tom wasn't as prepared as Mary was.
Tom wasn't as rich back then.
Tom wasn't as scared as I was.
Tom wasn't as scared as Mary was.
Tom wasn't as scared as Mary.
Tom wasn't as surprised as I was.
Tom wasn't as surprised as Mary was.
Tom wasn't as surprised as everybody else.
Tom wasn't as surprised as everyone else.
Tom wasn't as tall as me last year, but now he's taller.
Tom wasn't as upset as I thought he'd be.
Tom wasn't asked to do that.
Tom wasn't asked to speak.
Tom wasn't asking for it.
Tom wasn't asleep at that time.
Tom wasn't asleep when I dropped by.
Tom wasn't asleep when I got home.
Tom wasn't asleep, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't asleep.
Tom wasn't assaulted.
Tom wasn't assertive.
Tom wasn't astonished, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't at Mary's funeral.
Tom wasn't at Mary's house.
Tom wasn't at Mary's party.
Tom wasn't at all keen to stay in the castle, which he'd heard was haunted.
Tom wasn't at all satisfied with the way his house had been painted.
Tom wasn't at all satisfied.
Tom wasn't at all surprised by what happened.
Tom wasn't at all surprised to see Mary at the party.
Tom wasn't at all surprised to see me.
Tom wasn't at all surprised.
Tom wasn't at all upset by the news.
Tom wasn't at all upset.
Tom wasn't at church last Sunday.
Tom wasn't at home Monday afternoon.
Tom wasn't at home alone.
Tom wasn't at home at the time.
Tom wasn't at home last night.
Tom wasn't at home on Monday, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't at home that night.
Tom wasn't at home this afternoon.
Tom wasn't at home today.
Tom wasn't at home when I called him.
Tom wasn't at home when I dropped by.
Tom wasn't at home when I went to see him.
Tom wasn't at home when I went to visit him last night.
Tom wasn't at home when I went to visit him.
Tom wasn't at home when that happened.
Tom wasn't at home yesterday.
Tom wasn't at home, was he?
Tom wasn't at home.
Tom wasn't at my house yesterday.
Tom wasn't at school last Monday.
Tom wasn't at school last week because he was sick.
Tom wasn't at school on Monday.
Tom wasn't at school on October 20th.
Tom wasn't at school that day.
Tom wasn't at school the day we had our class picture taken.
Tom wasn't at school today.
Tom wasn't at school yesterday, was he?
Tom wasn't at school yesterday.
Tom wasn't at school yesterday. Do you know why?
Tom wasn't at school.
Tom wasn't at that meeting.
Tom wasn't at the concert.
Tom wasn't at the crime scene.
Tom wasn't at the funeral.
Tom wasn't at the game.
Tom wasn't at the hospital when Mary died.
Tom wasn't at the hotel.
Tom wasn't at the library.
Tom wasn't at the meeting yesterday.
Tom wasn't at the meeting.
Tom wasn't at the meeting. I wonder where he was.
Tom wasn't at the party last night.
Tom wasn't at the party, and neither was Mary.
Tom wasn't at the party, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't at the party, was he?
Tom wasn't at the party.
Tom wasn't at work last week because he was sick.
Tom wasn't at work on Friday.
Tom wasn't at work on Monday.
Tom wasn't at work today.
Tom wasn't at work.
Tom wasn't attacked.
Tom wasn't attentive, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't attentive.
Tom wasn't available.
Tom wasn't awaiting me.
Tom wasn't awake when Mary came home.
Tom wasn't awake when Mary got home.
Tom wasn't awake yet.
Tom wasn't awake, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't awake.
Tom wasn't aware Mary had moved to Boston.
Tom wasn't aware Mary was in the hospital.
Tom wasn't aware Mary was lying.
Tom wasn't aware Mary was staring at him.
Tom wasn't aware he was being followed.
Tom wasn't aware he was being watched.
Tom wasn't aware of his mistake.
Tom wasn't aware of that.
Tom wasn't aware of the danger.
Tom wasn't aware of the gravity of the situation.
Tom wasn't aware of the problem.
Tom wasn't aware of what Mary had done.
Tom wasn't aware of what was going on.
Tom wasn't aware of what was happening in Boston.
Tom wasn't aware of what was happening.
Tom wasn't aware that Mary couldn't speak French.
Tom wasn't aware that Mary couldn't understand French.
Tom wasn't aware that Mary had already gone home.
Tom wasn't aware that Mary had moved to Australia.
Tom wasn't aware that Mary had moved to Boston.
Tom wasn't aware that Mary was hoping he'd kiss her.
Tom wasn't aware that Mary was in the hospital.
Tom wasn't aware that Mary was lying.
Tom wasn't aware that Mary was married.
Tom wasn't aware that Mary was staring at him.
Tom wasn't aware that anything out of the ordinary had occurred.
Tom wasn't aware that he was being followed.
Tom wasn't aware that he was being watched.
Tom wasn't aware that he'd made a mistake.
Tom wasn't aware that nobody was listening to him.
Tom wasn't aware that there was a problem.
Tom wasn't aware, so he may not be held responsible.
Tom wasn't babbling.
Tom wasn't bad.
Tom wasn't badly hurt.
Tom wasn't badly injured.
Tom wasn't badly wounded.
Tom wasn't bald.
Tom wasn't barefoot, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't barefoot.
Tom wasn't beaten.
Tom wasn't behind me.
Tom wasn't being careful.
Tom wasn't being complacent.
Tom wasn't being completely honest.
Tom wasn't being fair.
Tom wasn't being forced to do that.
Tom wasn't being honest with me.
Tom wasn't being honest.
Tom wasn't being nice to me.
Tom wasn't being rude.
Tom wasn't big enough.
Tom wasn't bitten by Mary's dog. He was bitten by John's dog.
Tom wasn't bitten by a dog. He was bitten by a wolf.
Tom wasn't bitten by a snake.
Tom wasn't bleeding.
Tom wasn't blindfolded.
Tom wasn't bluffing.
Tom wasn't bored, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't boring, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't born a Canadian.
Tom wasn't born blind.
Tom wasn't born in 2013.
Tom wasn't born in Australia.
Tom wasn't born in Boston.
Tom wasn't born in Boston. He was born in Chicago.
Tom wasn't born in October.
Tom wasn't born in a small town.
Tom wasn't born in this hospital, but his younger brother was.
Tom wasn't born on a Monday.
Tom wasn't born rich.
Tom wasn't born yesterday.
Tom wasn't bossy, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't bossy.
Tom wasn't bothered by that.
Tom wasn't bothered by the noise.
Tom wasn't bothered by the smell.
Tom wasn't bothered in the slightest when he didn't get the job he'd applied for.
Tom wasn't bothering me.
Tom wasn't bragging.
Tom wasn't brave, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't brave.
Tom wasn't breaking the law.
Tom wasn't breaking the rules.
Tom wasn't breathing.
Tom wasn't broke, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't broke.
Tom wasn't brought by the stork; he was found on a cabbage field.
Tom wasn't brought up by an aunt. He was brought up by his grandmother.
Tom wasn't brought up in Boston.
Tom wasn't buried with Mary.
Tom wasn't busy all day.
Tom wasn't busy at all.
Tom wasn't busy at that time.
Tom wasn't busy either.
Tom wasn't busy then.
Tom wasn't busy today.
Tom wasn't busy yesterday.
Tom wasn't busy, and I wasn't either.
Tom wasn't busy, and I wasn't, either.
Tom wasn't busy, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't busy, was he?
Tom wasn't busy.
Tom wasn't buying any of it.
Tom wasn't by himself.
Tom wasn't calm, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't calm.
Tom wasn't captured immediately.
Tom wasn't captured.
Tom wasn't careful, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't careful.
Tom wasn't careless, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't careless.
Tom wasn't carjacked.
Tom wasn't carrying a bag.
Tom wasn't carrying a briefcase.
Tom wasn't carrying a duffel bag.
Tom wasn't carrying a gun.
Tom wasn't carrying an umbrella.
Tom wasn't caught cheating, but everybody knew that he had cheated.
Tom wasn't caught off guard.
Tom wasn't caught.
Tom wasn't cautious.
Tom wasn't celebrating.
Tom wasn't certain whether or not he should tell Mary.
Tom wasn't certain.
Tom wasn't cheating.
Tom wasn't cheating. I can confirm that.
Tom wasn't cheering.
Tom wasn't chosen captain.
Tom wasn't clean.
Tom wasn't cleaning his room.
Tom wasn't clear.
Tom wasn't close to being done.
Tom wasn't cold, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't cold.
Tom wasn't comfortable.
Tom wasn't complaining.
Tom wasn't completely happy with the agreement.
Tom wasn't completely happy with the settlement.
Tom wasn't completely honest.
Tom wasn't completely wrong.
Tom wasn't concentrating.
Tom wasn't concerned.
Tom wasn't confident.
Tom wasn't confused, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't confused.
Tom wasn't consulted.
Tom wasn't contented.
Tom wasn't contributing.
Tom wasn't convicted.
Tom wasn't convinced it was a good idea.
Tom wasn't convinced that Mary had to do that.
Tom wasn't convinced that Mary needed to do that.
Tom wasn't convinced that Mary wanted to do that.
Tom wasn't convinced that he could do that.
Tom wasn't convinced that he could win.
Tom wasn't convinced that he had to do that.
Tom wasn't convinced that he needed to do that.
Tom wasn't convinced that it was a good idea.
Tom wasn't convinced.
Tom wasn't cool.
Tom wasn't cooperating, so I left.
Tom wasn't cooperating.
Tom wasn't cooperative, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't cooperative.
Tom wasn't correct.
Tom wasn't coughing.
Tom wasn't courageous, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't courteous, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't courteous.
Tom wasn't cranky, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't cranky.
Tom wasn't crazy.
Tom wasn't cremated.
Tom wasn't cruel.
Tom wasn't crying last night.
Tom wasn't crying.
Tom wasn't curious, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't cute.
Tom wasn't dancing with Mary.
Tom wasn't dancing.
Tom wasn't dead.
Tom wasn't deceived.
Tom wasn't defeated.
Tom wasn't delayed this time.
Tom wasn't delayed.
Tom wasn't dependable.
Tom wasn't deported.
Tom wasn't depressed, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't desperate to do that, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't detained.
Tom wasn't deterred.
Tom wasn't difficult to find.
Tom wasn't difficult to get along with, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't dirty, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't dirty.
Tom wasn't disappointed, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't disappointed, was he?
Tom wasn't disappointed.
Tom wasn't discouraged, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't discouraged.
Tom wasn't discreet.
Tom wasn't dishonest, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't disillusioned.
Tom wasn't dismissed.
Tom wasn't disobedient, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't disobedient.
Tom wasn't displeased, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't displeased.
Tom wasn't disrespectful, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't disrespectful.
Tom wasn't distracted, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't distracted.
Tom wasn't doing anything wrong.
Tom wasn't doing anything.
Tom wasn't doing his job.
Tom wasn't doing that the right way.
Tom wasn't doing that yesterday.
Tom wasn't doing that, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't doing that.
Tom wasn't doing well.
Tom wasn't doing what he was supposed to be doing.
Tom wasn't done yet.
Tom wasn't done, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't done.
Tom wasn't downstairs.
Tom wasn't dressed appropriately.
Tom wasn't dressed as a vampire. He was dressed as a pirate.
Tom wasn't dressed in black.
Tom wasn't dressed in blue.
Tom wasn't dressed like a pirate.
Tom wasn't dressed like the other boys.
Tom wasn't dressed like the other guys.
Tom wasn't dressed yet.
Tom wasn't dressed.
Tom wasn't drinking tea.
Tom wasn't drinking tequila.
Tom wasn't drinking vodka.
Tom wasn't drinking.
Tom wasn't driving the bus.
Tom wasn't driving the car. Mary was.
Tom wasn't driving.
Tom wasn't drowning.
Tom wasn't drunk that night.
Tom wasn't drunk, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't drunk.
Tom wasn't dying.
Tom wasn't eager to do that.
Tom wasn't eager to go home.
Tom wasn't eager to go there.
Tom wasn't eager to leave.
Tom wasn't early, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't early.
Tom wasn't easy to find.
Tom wasn't easy to impress.
Tom wasn't easy to talk to.
Tom wasn't easygoing.
Tom wasn't eating a sandwich.
Tom wasn't eating alone.
Tom wasn't eating an apple. He was eating a pear.
Tom wasn't eating an apple. He was eating an orange.
Tom wasn't eating by himself.
Tom wasn't eating ice cream.
Tom wasn't eating.
Tom wasn't educated in Australia.
Tom wasn't elected captain.
Tom wasn't elected chairperson.
Tom wasn't elected.
Tom wasn't eligible for advancement to the next grade because he failed two of his final exams.
Tom wasn't eligible for redundancy payment.
Tom wasn't embarrassed, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't embarrassed.
Tom wasn't engaged at that time.
Tom wasn't engaged to Mary.
Tom wasn't enjoying himself.
Tom wasn't enthusiastic.
Tom wasn't entirely honest with me.
Tom wasn't entirely sure about that.
Tom wasn't entirely surprised to see Mary.
Tom wasn't entirely surprised.
Tom wasn't even a contender.
Tom wasn't even able to stand.
Tom wasn't even here yesterday.
Tom wasn't even here.
Tom wasn't even hurt.
Tom wasn't even in the race.
Tom wasn't even involved.
Tom wasn't even on the plane.
Tom wasn't even scared.
Tom wasn't even surprised.
Tom wasn't even there.
Tom wasn't even three years old when his father left.
Tom wasn't even three years old when the war began.
Tom wasn't even trying to help.
Tom wasn't even trying.
Tom wasn't even twenty when he got married.
Tom wasn't even upset.
Tom wasn't ever given the chance to do that.
Tom wasn't ever in Boston.
Tom wasn't ever seen again.
Tom wasn't ever the same again.
Tom wasn't ever very good at speaking French.
Tom wasn't evicted.
Tom wasn't exactly a stranger.
Tom wasn't exactly an adventurer.
Tom wasn't exactly attractive, but he had enormous charisma.
Tom wasn't exactly attractive, but he was incredibly charismatic.
Tom wasn't exactly forthcoming with an answer.
Tom wasn't exactly happy about it.
Tom wasn't exactly happy about what happened.
Tom wasn't exactly impressed.
Tom wasn't exactly sure what to do.
Tom wasn't exactly sure where Mary was.
Tom wasn't exactly thrilled to see Mary.
Tom wasn't exactly thrilled with the plan, but he agreed to go along with it.
Tom wasn't exaggerating.
Tom wasn't excited about it.
Tom wasn't excited, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't excited.
Tom wasn't excused, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't executed.
Tom wasn't exercising.
Tom wasn't exhausted, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't expected to do that.
Tom wasn't expected to live.
Tom wasn't expected to win.
Tom wasn't expecting Mary to be here.
Tom wasn't expecting Mary to be there.
Tom wasn't expecting Mary to come alone.
Tom wasn't expecting Mary to do that.
Tom wasn't expecting Mary to eat so much.
Tom wasn't expecting Mary to help him.
Tom wasn't expecting Mary to like him.
Tom wasn't expecting Mary to win.
Tom wasn't expecting any help.
Tom wasn't expecting any of this.
Tom wasn't expecting anybody.
Tom wasn't expecting anyone.
Tom wasn't expecting it.
Tom wasn't expecting me to help Mary.
Tom wasn't expecting me to help him.
Tom wasn't expecting me.
Tom wasn't expecting miracles.
Tom wasn't expecting something this bad to happen.
Tom wasn't expecting that to happen.
Tom wasn't expecting that.
Tom wasn't expecting this.
Tom wasn't expecting to get paid.
Tom wasn't expecting to see Mary at the party.
Tom wasn't expecting to see you.
Tom wasn't expecting visitors.
Tom wasn't expecting you to do that for Mary.
Tom wasn't expecting you to do that for him.
Tom wasn't expelled from school.
Tom wasn't fair, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't fair.
Tom wasn't famous.
Tom wasn't far away.
Tom wasn't far behind us.
Tom wasn't fast, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't fast.
Tom wasn't faster than me.
Tom wasn't fasting.
Tom wasn't fat.
Tom wasn't fatally injured.
Tom wasn't fatally wounded.
Tom wasn't feeling particularly talkative.
Tom wasn't feeling sleepy.
Tom wasn't feeling tired.
Tom wasn't feeling too good.
Tom wasn't feeling very hungry.
Tom wasn't feeling very well.
Tom wasn't feeling well, so he went home.
Tom wasn't feeling well.
Tom wasn't fighting, was he?
Tom wasn't fighting.
Tom wasn't fine.
Tom wasn't finished doing that by 2:30, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't finished doing that.
Tom wasn't finished yet.
Tom wasn't finished, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't fired last week. He was fired three weeks ago.
Tom wasn't fired, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't fired.
Tom wasn't first in line.
Tom wasn't first one to turn in his homework.
Tom wasn't first.
Tom wasn't first. Mary was.
Tom wasn't flirting.
Tom wasn't following anyone.
Tom wasn't fooled for a second.
Tom wasn't fooled.
Tom wasn't foolish enough to tell Mary that.
Tom wasn't foolish enough to tell Mary what had really happened.
Tom wasn't for stopping: he went on resolutely.
Tom wasn't forced to agree to do that.
Tom wasn't forced to do that.
Tom wasn't forgiven.
Tom wasn't found guilty.
Tom wasn't found yet.
Tom wasn't frank.
Tom wasn't freaked out.
Tom wasn't friendly to me.
Tom wasn't friendly, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't friendly.
Tom wasn't frightened, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't frightened, either.
Tom wasn't frightened.
Tom wasn't frustrated, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't full.
Tom wasn't fully aware of the situation.
Tom wasn't fun.
Tom wasn't funny either.
Tom wasn't funny, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't funny.
Tom wasn't furious, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't fussy, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't fussy.
Tom wasn't gaining weight.
Tom wasn't generous, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't generous.
Tom wasn't getting along with Mary.
Tom wasn't getting any help from anyone, so he gave up.
Tom wasn't getting ready.
Tom wasn't giggling.
Tom wasn't given a chance to do that.
Tom wasn't given a chance.
Tom wasn't given a life sentence.
Tom wasn't given a second chance.
Tom wasn't given antibiotics.
Tom wasn't given enough time to do what he needed to do.
Tom wasn't given permission to leave.
Tom wasn't given the chance that you and I were given.
Tom wasn't given the chance that you and I were.
Tom wasn't given the chance to do that.
Tom wasn't given the chance to try doing that.
Tom wasn't given the chance to try to do that.
Tom wasn't given the chance you and I were given.
Tom wasn't given the chance you and I were.
Tom wasn't given what he needed.
Tom wasn't glad.
Tom wasn't going to be here tonight.
Tom wasn't going to do anything to you.
Tom wasn't going to tell Mary about that.
Tom wasn't going very fast.
Tom wasn't gone long.
Tom wasn't gone very long.
Tom wasn't gone.
Tom wasn't good at baseball.
Tom wasn't good at his job.
Tom wasn't good at math.
Tom wasn't good enough to make the team.
Tom wasn't good-looking.
Tom wasn't good.
Tom wasn't goofing around.
Tom wasn't grateful.
Tom wasn't great.
Tom wasn't greedy.
Tom wasn't grieving.
Tom wasn't groggy, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't grouchy, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't grumpy, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't grumpy.
Tom wasn't guilty of anything.
Tom wasn't guilty.
Tom wasn't hallucinating.
Tom wasn't handcuffed, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't handcuffed.
Tom wasn't happy about it.
Tom wasn't happy about leaving.
Tom wasn't happy about that.
Tom wasn't happy about the situation.
Tom wasn't happy about this.
Tom wasn't happy about what happened.
Tom wasn't happy at all.
Tom wasn't happy here.
Tom wasn't happy to see Mary there.
Tom wasn't happy to see Mary.
Tom wasn't happy to see me.
Tom wasn't happy to see them.
Tom wasn't happy to see us.
Tom wasn't happy with Mary's answer.
Tom wasn't happy with how the painters painted his office.
Tom wasn't happy with how things turned out.
Tom wasn't happy with the results.
Tom wasn't happy with the way Mary cooked his eggs.
Tom wasn't happy with the way he was being treated.
Tom wasn't happy with the way things turned out.
Tom wasn't happy with the way we did that.
Tom wasn't happy with what he saw.
Tom wasn't happy.
Tom wasn't hard to convince.
Tom wasn't hard to find.
Tom wasn't hard to please.
Tom wasn't having a good day.
Tom wasn't having a good time.
Tom wasn't having a great time.
Tom wasn't having a very good time.
Tom wasn't having fun.
Tom wasn't having much luck.
Tom wasn't healthy.
Tom wasn't helpful to me.
Tom wasn't helpful, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't helpful.
Tom wasn't helping Mary do that.
Tom wasn't helping Mary.
Tom wasn't helping his mother.
Tom wasn't helping me.
Tom wasn't helping us.
Tom wasn't helping.
Tom wasn't here all day.
Tom wasn't here at 2:30.
Tom wasn't here at that time.
Tom wasn't here earlier, was he?
Tom wasn't here earlier.
Tom wasn't here either.
Tom wasn't here first.
Tom wasn't here for some time.
Tom wasn't here last Monday.
Tom wasn't here last night.
Tom wasn't here last night. He was here the night before last.
Tom wasn't here last week.
Tom wasn't here on Monday.
Tom wasn't here on that particular day.
Tom wasn't here the last time.
Tom wasn't here the whole time.
Tom wasn't here then.
Tom wasn't here this afternoon.
Tom wasn't here this morning.
Tom wasn't here today.
Tom wasn't here tonight.
Tom wasn't here very long.
Tom wasn't here when I arrived.
Tom wasn't here when I came in.
Tom wasn't here when I got here.
Tom wasn't here when I got home.
Tom wasn't here when that happened.
Tom wasn't here yesterday morning, was he?
Tom wasn't here yesterday.
Tom wasn't here, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't here, was he?
Tom wasn't here.
Tom wasn't hesitant to do that, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't hesitant to do that.
Tom wasn't hiding behind a bush.
Tom wasn't hiding behind the door. He was hiding in the closet.
Tom wasn't hiding in the attic.
Tom wasn't hiding in the woods.
Tom wasn't hiding.
Tom wasn't high.
Tom wasn't himself last night.
Tom wasn't himself.
Tom wasn't hired yesterday. We hired him three weeks ago.
Tom wasn't hired.
Tom wasn't his normal self today.
Tom wasn't his real name.
Tom wasn't his usual self today.
Tom wasn't hit by lightning.
Tom wasn't hit.
Tom wasn't holding Mary's hand.
Tom wasn't home Monday afternoon.
Tom wasn't home a lot.
Tom wasn't home alone.
Tom wasn't home at the time.
Tom wasn't home last Monday evening.
Tom wasn't home on Monday, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't home on Monday.
Tom wasn't home yesterday, was he?
Tom wasn't home, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't home.
Tom wasn't homeschooled.
Tom wasn't homesick, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't homesick.
Tom wasn't homosexual, but Tom's friends told Tom's girlfriend Tom was gay.
Tom wasn't honest about that.
Tom wasn't honest with Mary.
Tom wasn't honest with me.
Tom wasn't honest with us.
Tom wasn't honest, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't honest.
Tom wasn't hospitalized.
Tom wasn't hot.
Tom wasn't huge.
Tom wasn't hungry either.
Tom wasn't hungry this morning.
Tom wasn't hungry, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't hungry.
Tom wasn't hurt as much as Mary was.
Tom wasn't hurt at all.
Tom wasn't hurt badly.
Tom wasn't hurt in the accident, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't hurt in the accident.
Tom wasn't hurt in the attack.
Tom wasn't hurt in the collision.
Tom wasn't hurt in the crash.
Tom wasn't hurt in the explosion.
Tom wasn't hurt in the fight.
Tom wasn't hurt, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't hurt.
Tom wasn't ill.
Tom wasn't impartial, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't impartial.
Tom wasn't impatient, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't impatient.
Tom wasn't impolite, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't impolite.
Tom wasn't impressed by Mary's performance.
Tom wasn't impressed by Mary's skill.
Tom wasn't impressed by what he saw.
Tom wasn't impressed, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't impressed.
Tom wasn't imprisoned.
Tom wasn't in Australia for very long.
Tom wasn't in Australia in 2013.
Tom wasn't in Australia last month, was he?
Tom wasn't in Australia last year.
Tom wasn't in Australia very long.
Tom wasn't in Australia, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't in Australia.
Tom wasn't in Boston at that time.
Tom wasn't in Boston at the time.
Tom wasn't in Boston for very long.
Tom wasn't in Boston in October.
Tom wasn't in Boston last Monday.
Tom wasn't in Boston last month.
Tom wasn't in Boston last week, was he?
Tom wasn't in Boston last week.
Tom wasn't in Boston last weekend.
Tom wasn't in Boston last weekend. He was in Chicago.
Tom wasn't in Boston last year.
Tom wasn't in Boston then.
Tom wasn't in Boston very long.
Tom wasn't in Boston when Mary died.
Tom wasn't in Boston with me.
Tom wasn't in Boston, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't in Boston.
Tom wasn't in a big hurry.
Tom wasn't in a forgiving mood.
Tom wasn't in a good mood then.
Tom wasn't in a good mood today.
Tom wasn't in a good mood when I talked to him this morning.
Tom wasn't in a good mood.
Tom wasn't in a hurry to do that.
Tom wasn't in a hurry to get home.
Tom wasn't in a hurry.
Tom wasn't in a joking mood.
Tom wasn't in a very good mood that last time that I saw him.
Tom wasn't in a very good mood yesterday.
Tom wasn't in a very good mood.
Tom wasn't in any danger.
Tom wasn't in any hurry to do that.
Tom wasn't in any hurry.
Tom wasn't in any rush to do that.
Tom wasn't in bed.
Tom wasn't in charge.
Tom wasn't in class yesterday.
Tom wasn't in danger.
Tom wasn't in favor of this.
Tom wasn't in high school then.
Tom wasn't in his apartment the day before yesterday.
Tom wasn't in his bed.
Tom wasn't in his bedroom.
Tom wasn't in his normal mood.
Tom wasn't in his office this morning.
Tom wasn't in his office.
Tom wasn't in his room this morning.
Tom wasn't in his room.
Tom wasn't in love with Mary. He was in love with Alice.
Tom wasn't in love with me. He was in love with Mary.
Tom wasn't in my way.
Tom wasn't in on it.
Tom wasn't in our group.
Tom wasn't in prison in 2013.
Tom wasn't in school today.
Tom wasn't in the army.
Tom wasn't in the audience.
Tom wasn't in the basement.
Tom wasn't in the best of spirits.
Tom wasn't in the best spirits.
Tom wasn't in the cabin.
Tom wasn't in the car.
Tom wasn't in the garden.
Tom wasn't in the hospital.
Tom wasn't in the house.
Tom wasn't in the kitchen.
Tom wasn't in the library.
Tom wasn't in the mood for lunch.
Tom wasn't in the mood to accept Mary's apology.
Tom wasn't in the mood to do that.
Tom wasn't in the mood to laugh.
Tom wasn't in the office.
Tom wasn't in the park.
Tom wasn't in the passenger seat.
Tom wasn't in the room.
Tom wasn't in the store.
Tom wasn't in the van.
Tom wasn't in the woods.
Tom wasn't in there.
Tom wasn't in time for his appointment.
Tom wasn't in time for the bus.
Tom wasn't in when I dropped by.
Tom wasn't in, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't in.
Tom wasn't inclined to write about any matter of interest, nor had he the least capacity for eloquence, but he was able to write a lot, and that, he reasoned to himself, must still count for something.
Tom wasn't incorrect, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't injured in the accident.
Tom wasn't injured in the attack.
Tom wasn't injured in the blast.
Tom wasn't injured in the crash, but his car was totaled.
Tom wasn't injured in the crash.
Tom wasn't injured in the fall.
Tom wasn't injured in the train wreck.
Tom wasn't injured.
Tom wasn't innocent.
Tom wasn't inside the house.
Tom wasn't inside.
Tom wasn't interested in anything else.
Tom wasn't interested in baseball.
Tom wasn't interested in doing anything that I suggested.
Tom wasn't interested in doing anything.
Tom wasn't interested in doing that and neither was Mary.
Tom wasn't interested in doing that, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't interested in doing that.
Tom wasn't interested in girls at all until he was in his late teens.
Tom wasn't interested in learning French.
Tom wasn't interested in learning how to cook Chinese food. He just wanted to eat it.
Tom wasn't interested in music.
Tom wasn't interested in singing with us.
Tom wasn't interested in talking about himself.
Tom wasn't interested, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't interested.
Tom wasn't intimidated by Mary.
Tom wasn't intimidated.
Tom wasn't intoxicated, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't intoxicated.
Tom wasn't intrigued.
Tom wasn't invited by us.
Tom wasn't invited to Australia.
Tom wasn't invited to Boston.
Tom wasn't invited to Mary's birthday party.
Tom wasn't invited to Mary's party.
Tom wasn't invited to his sister's wedding.
Tom wasn't invited to the ball.
Tom wasn't invited to the banquet.
Tom wasn't invited to the opening ceremony.
Tom wasn't invited to the party.
Tom wasn't invited to the ribbon-cutting ceremony.
Tom wasn't invited, was he?
Tom wasn't invited.
Tom wasn't involved in that scandal.
Tom wasn't involved in that, was he?
Tom wasn't involved in that.
Tom wasn't involved in the accident.
Tom wasn't involved in this.
Tom wasn't involved, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't involved.
Tom wasn't irritated, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't jealous.
Tom wasn't joking.
Tom wasn't jumping on the bed.
Tom wasn't just a teacher.
Tom wasn't just an innocent bystander.
Tom wasn't just being polite.
Tom wasn't keen on the idea.
Tom wasn't keeping up with us.
Tom wasn't kept waiting very long.
Tom wasn't kicked out of school, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't kicked out of school.
Tom wasn't kidding about that.
Tom wasn't kidding.
Tom wasn't kidnapped.
Tom wasn't killed by a bear.
Tom wasn't killed in Boston.
Tom wasn't killed in the crash.
Tom wasn't killed in the explosion.
Tom wasn't killed that day, but several days later.
Tom wasn't killed.
Tom wasn't kind to Mary.
Tom wasn't kind to me.
Tom wasn't kind, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't kind.
Tom wasn't kissing Mary.
Tom wasn't kneeling.
Tom wasn't laid off.
Tom wasn't last.
Tom wasn't last. Mary was.
Tom wasn't late after all.
Tom wasn't late for class.
Tom wasn't late for dinner.
Tom wasn't late for school.
Tom wasn't late for the meeting.
Tom wasn't late for work.
Tom wasn't late, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't late.
Tom wasn't laughing at Mary. He was laughing at John.
Tom wasn't laughing.
Tom wasn't lazy.
Tom wasn't leaving.
Tom wasn't left in charge.
Tom wasn't let go.
Tom wasn't let in because he didn't have a ticket.
Tom wasn't letting anyone near the barbecue.
Tom wasn't like all the other boys.
Tom wasn't like most soldiers.
Tom wasn't like that at first.
Tom wasn't like that.
Tom wasn't limping.
Tom wasn't listening to Mary.
Tom wasn't listening to me.
Tom wasn't listening.
Tom wasn't livid.
Tom wasn't lonely, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't lonely.
Tom wasn't looking at Mary, but he was listening to everything she was saying.
Tom wasn't looking at Mary.
Tom wasn't looking at Mary. He was looking at John.
Tom wasn't looking at me.
Tom wasn't looking for Mary, was he?
Tom wasn't looking for sympathy.
Tom wasn't looking for you. He was looking for Mary.
Tom wasn't looking forward to this.
Tom wasn't looking particularly happy.
Tom wasn't looking where he was going.
Tom wasn't lost, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't lost.
Tom wasn't loud.
Tom wasn't lucid.
Tom wasn't lucky, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't lucky.
Tom wasn't lying down.
Tom wasn't lying to us.
Tom wasn't lying to you.
Tom wasn't lying when he said that there was a lot to do in Boston.
Tom wasn't lying when he said that.
Tom wasn't lying.
Tom wasn't mad at Mary.
Tom wasn't mad at all.
Tom wasn't mad at us.
Tom wasn't mad at you.
Tom wasn't mad, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't mad.
Tom wasn't made for this world.
Tom wasn't making any sense.
Tom wasn't making sense.
Tom wasn't maltreated.
Tom wasn't married at that time.
Tom wasn't married at the time.
Tom wasn't married back then.
Tom wasn't married then.
Tom wasn't married to Mary at that time.
Tom wasn't married to Mary.
Tom wasn't married.
Tom wasn't mean to me.
Tom wasn't mean.
Tom wasn't mentioned.
Tom wasn't misbehaving.
Tom wasn't miserable, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't mistaken, was he?
Tom wasn't mistaken.
Tom wasn't motivated to do that, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't motivated to learn French.
Tom wasn't motivated to study French, so he never got very good at it.
Tom wasn't motivated.
Tom wasn't mourning.
Tom wasn't moving.
Tom wasn't much better at doing that than Mary was.
Tom wasn't much better at doing that than Mary.
Tom wasn't much faster at doing that than Mary.
Tom wasn't much help.
Tom wasn't much of a dancer when he was a teenager.
Tom wasn't much of a drinker.
Tom wasn't much of a father.
Tom wasn't much of a talker.
Tom wasn't much older than Mary.
Tom wasn't murdered.
Tom wasn't my French teacher.
Tom wasn't my assistant.
Tom wasn't my best man.
Tom wasn't my boss.
Tom wasn't my boyfriend then.
Tom wasn't my boyfriend three years ago.
Tom wasn't my boyfriend.
Tom wasn't my client.
Tom wasn't my commanding officer.
Tom wasn't my first French teacher.
Tom wasn't my first boss.
Tom wasn't my first boyfriend.
Tom wasn't my first choice.
Tom wasn't my first coach.
Tom wasn't my first piano teacher.
Tom wasn't my guide.
Tom wasn't my husband at that time.
Tom wasn't my husband.
Tom wasn't my patient.
Tom wasn't my roommate last year.
Tom wasn't my student.
Tom wasn't my teacher.
Tom wasn't my violin teacher.
Tom wasn't naked.
Tom wasn't named after his father. He was named after his grandfather.
Tom wasn't naughty.
Tom wasn't neat.
Tom wasn't nervous, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't nervous.
Tom wasn't next.
Tom wasn't nice at all.
Tom wasn't nice to Mary.
Tom wasn't nice to me.
Tom wasn't nice to my dog.
Tom wasn't nice, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't nice.
Tom wasn't normal.
Tom wasn't nosy.
Tom wasn't nude.
Tom wasn't obedient, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't obedient.
Tom wasn't objective, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't obligated to lie.
Tom wasn't obnoxious.
Tom wasn't obstinate.
Tom wasn't offended by what Mary said.
Tom wasn't offended, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't offended.
Tom wasn't offered a job.
Tom wasn't officially engaged at the time.
Tom wasn't old enough to drink back then.
Tom wasn't old.
Tom wasn't on TV.
Tom wasn't on campus.
Tom wasn't on duty at that time.
Tom wasn't on duty at the time.
Tom wasn't on duty that night.
Tom wasn't on duty this afternoon.
Tom wasn't on duty.
Tom wasn't on his own.
Tom wasn't on our team.
Tom wasn't on that bus.
Tom wasn't on that plane.
Tom wasn't on the balcony.
Tom wasn't on the beach.
Tom wasn't on the bus with Mary.
Tom wasn't on the bus, either.
Tom wasn't on the bus.
Tom wasn't on the cruise.
Tom wasn't on the flight.
Tom wasn't on the list.
Tom wasn't on the phone.
Tom wasn't on the pier.
Tom wasn't on the same bus as I was.
Tom wasn't on the same plane as Mary.
Tom wasn't on the same team I was.
Tom wasn't on the team.
Tom wasn't on time.
Tom wasn't one of ones who did that.
Tom wasn't one of ones who got fired.
Tom wasn't one of the commanders.
Tom wasn't one of the group.
Tom wasn't one of the presenters.
Tom wasn't one of the recipients.
Tom wasn't one of the speakers.
Tom wasn't one of us.
Tom wasn't only one who volunteered to help.
Tom wasn't optimistic.
Tom wasn't ordered to do that.
Tom wasn't our captain.
Tom wasn't our interpreter. He was our tour guide.
Tom wasn't out late last night.
Tom wasn't out of work for long.
Tom wasn't out, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't out.
Tom wasn't outside.
Tom wasn't outspoken.
Tom wasn't overly optimistic.
Tom wasn't paid for his work.
Tom wasn't painting.
Tom wasn't pale.
Tom wasn't paranoid.
Tom wasn't part of the scandal.
Tom wasn't particularly interested in what was going on.
Tom wasn't particularly pleased.
Tom wasn't particularly shy.
Tom wasn't patient, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't paying attention in class today.
Tom wasn't paying attention in class.
Tom wasn't paying attention to Mary.
Tom wasn't paying attention to the teacher.
Tom wasn't paying attention to what Mary was saying.
Tom wasn't paying attention.
Tom wasn't perfect.
Tom wasn't permitted to do that.
Tom wasn't permitted to tell Mary everything he knew.
Tom wasn't persuaded by Mary's explanation.
Tom wasn't persuaded.
Tom wasn't pessimistic, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't planning on doing that until Mary asked him to.
Tom wasn't planning on doing that.
Tom wasn't planning on going until Mary asked him to.
Tom wasn't planning on going.
Tom wasn't planning to do that until Mary asked him to.
Tom wasn't planning to do that.
Tom wasn't planning to give up.
Tom wasn't planning to go until Mary asked him to.
Tom wasn't planning to go.
Tom wasn't planning to help, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't planning to retreat.
Tom wasn't playing football.
Tom wasn't playing tennis.
Tom wasn't playing the piano.
Tom wasn't pleased to hear that.
Tom wasn't pleased, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't pleased.
Tom wasn't poisoned by his wife. He was poisoned by his son.
Tom wasn't poisoned.
Tom wasn't polite at all.
Tom wasn't polite to Mary.
Tom wasn't polite to us.
Tom wasn't polite, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't polite.
Tom wasn't poor.
Tom wasn't popular.
Tom wasn't prepared for happened.
Tom wasn't prepared for it at all.
Tom wasn't prepared for such a situation.
Tom wasn't prepared for that response.
Tom wasn't prepared for that.
Tom wasn't prepared for the lesson.
Tom wasn't prepared for this.
Tom wasn't prepared for what happened.
Tom wasn't prepared to do that.
Tom wasn't prepared well for that.
Tom wasn't prepared, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't prepared.
Tom wasn't present at the meeting.
Tom wasn't present at the party.
Tom wasn't present at the time.
Tom wasn't present at today's meeting, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't present at today's meeting.
Tom wasn't present when that happened.
Tom wasn't present, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't present.
Tom wasn't promoted.
Tom wasn't properly equipped for that trip.
Tom wasn't provided for in his father's will.
Tom wasn't punctual, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't punctual.
Tom wasn't punished for doing that.
Tom wasn't punished for what he did.
Tom wasn't punished, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't punished.
Tom wasn't pushy, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't put in jail for espionage.
Tom wasn't put in jail.
Tom wasn't put off by Mary's brash manner; from the outset, he was impressed by it.
Tom wasn't puzzled, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't questioned by the FBI.
Tom wasn't quick enough.
Tom wasn't quiet, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't quiet.
Tom wasn't quite finished yet.
Tom wasn't quite happy.
Tom wasn't quite himself today.
Tom wasn't quite ready yet.
Tom wasn't quite ready.
Tom wasn't quite up to speed.
Tom wasn't raised Catholic.
Tom wasn't raised in Boston.
Tom wasn't raised on a farm.
Tom wasn't re-elected.
Tom wasn't reading a book.
Tom wasn't reading a comic book.
Tom wasn't reading.
Tom wasn't ready do that.
Tom wasn't ready either.
Tom wasn't ready for it.
Tom wasn't ready for marriage.
Tom wasn't ready for what happened.
Tom wasn't ready for what was about to happen.
Tom wasn't ready for what was going to happen.
Tom wasn't ready to accept Mary's love or friendship.
Tom wasn't ready to call it a night.
Tom wasn't ready to die.
Tom wasn't ready to do it.
Tom wasn't ready to do that either.
Tom wasn't ready to do that.
Tom wasn't ready to fight.
Tom wasn't ready to go home yet.
Tom wasn't ready to go home, so he stayed for a few more hours.
Tom wasn't ready to go home.
Tom wasn't ready to go yet.
Tom wasn't ready to go.
Tom wasn't ready to jump.
Tom wasn't ready to leave yet.
Tom wasn't ready to leave.
Tom wasn't ready to quit.
Tom wasn't ready to talk about it.
Tom wasn't ready yet.
Tom wasn't ready, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't ready.
Tom wasn't real receptive to the plan.
Tom wasn't really able to speak French fluently.
Tom wasn't really able to speak French very well.
Tom wasn't really angry.
Tom wasn't really as drunk as he was pretending to be.
Tom wasn't really busy.
Tom wasn't really enjoying himself.
Tom wasn't really excited about that.
Tom wasn't really excited.
Tom wasn't really good to me.
Tom wasn't really happy.
Tom wasn't really hungry.
Tom wasn't really impressed.
Tom wasn't really in love with Mary.
Tom wasn't really interested in Mary.
Tom wasn't really interested.
Tom wasn't really into it.
Tom wasn't really jealous.
Tom wasn't really my type.
Tom wasn't really nervous.
Tom wasn't really paying attention to Mary.
Tom wasn't really paying attention to what Mary was saying.
Tom wasn't really paying attention to what he was doing.
Tom wasn't really paying attention.
Tom wasn't really paying close attention.
Tom wasn't really performing at the concert. That was just his hologram.
Tom wasn't really shocked.
Tom wasn't really sick, but he called in sick.
Tom wasn't really sick.
Tom wasn't really supposed to do that by himself.
Tom wasn't really sure what Mary meant.
Tom wasn't really sure.
Tom wasn't really surprised when he saw Mary and John walking together in the park.
Tom wasn't really surprised when that happened.
Tom wasn't really surprised.
Tom wasn't really that drunk.
Tom wasn't really tired.
Tom wasn't really trying to convince Mary to do anything.
Tom wasn't really worried.
Tom wasn't reasonable, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't reckless.
Tom wasn't released.
Tom wasn't reliable.
Tom wasn't reluctant to do that, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't rescued by Mary. He was rescued by John.
Tom wasn't rescued by a fireman. He was rescued by a policeman.
Tom wasn't respectful, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't responsible for what happened.
Tom wasn't rich back then.
Tom wasn't rich.
Tom wasn't right about that.
Tom wasn't right, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't right.
Tom wasn't rowing.
Tom wasn't rude to Mary.
Tom wasn't rude to anybody.
Tom wasn't rude to anyone.
Tom wasn't rude to everyone, but he was rude to Mary.
Tom wasn't rude to me.
Tom wasn't rude to the waitress.
Tom wasn't rude to us.
Tom wasn't rude, was he?
Tom wasn't rude.
Tom wasn't running.
Tom wasn't sad.
Tom wasn't safe.
Tom wasn't sarcastic.
Tom wasn't satiated.
Tom wasn't satisfied with Mary's answer.
Tom wasn't satisfied with Mary's answers.
Tom wasn't satisfied with the pay he was getting.
Tom wasn't satisfied with the result.
Tom wasn't satisfied with the results.
Tom wasn't satisfied with the way I did that.
Tom wasn't satisfied with the work Mary had done.
Tom wasn't satisfied, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't satisfied.
Tom wasn't scared either.
Tom wasn't scared of Mary, but Mary was scared of him.
Tom wasn't scared of Mary.
Tom wasn't scared of anything.
Tom wasn't scared of my dog.
Tom wasn't scared of the police.
Tom wasn't scared to do anything.
Tom wasn't scared to do that.
Tom wasn't scared to go in the cave by himself.
Tom wasn't scared to go into the cave by himself.
Tom wasn't scared to go into the cave.
Tom wasn't scared, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't scared.
Tom wasn't scolded.
Tom wasn't screaming.
Tom wasn't seated, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't selected.
Tom wasn't sent home.
Tom wasn't serious, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't serious, was he?
Tom wasn't serious.
Tom wasn't seriously hurt.
Tom wasn't seriously injured.
Tom wasn't seriously wounded.
Tom wasn't severely injured.
Tom wasn't severely wounded.
Tom wasn't shivering.
Tom wasn't shocked by the answer.
Tom wasn't shocked by what Mary did.
Tom wasn't shocked by what Mary suggested he do.
Tom wasn't shocked by what happened.
Tom wasn't shocked, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't shocked.
Tom wasn't shot by a policeman. He was shot by one of the rioters.
Tom wasn't shot in the arm.
Tom wasn't shot in the leg. He was shot in the arm.
Tom wasn't shot.
Tom wasn't shouting at Mary. He was shouting at me.
Tom wasn't shouting.
Tom wasn't shy at all.
Tom wasn't shy, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't shy.
Tom wasn't sick, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't sick.
Tom wasn't silent, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't sincere.
Tom wasn't singing in French.
Tom wasn't singing.
Tom wasn't single at that time.
Tom wasn't sitting at his desk when I entered his office.
Tom wasn't sitting at his desk.
Tom wasn't sitting behind me.
Tom wasn't sitting beside Mary.
Tom wasn't sitting by himself.
Tom wasn't sitting by the window. Mary was.
Tom wasn't sitting down.
Tom wasn't sitting in the backseat.
Tom wasn't sitting next to Mary.
Tom wasn't sitting next to me.
Tom wasn't sitting on the couch.
Tom wasn't sitting on the floor.
Tom wasn't sitting on the porch.
Tom wasn't sitting on the steps.
Tom wasn't sitting up.
Tom wasn't sitting with Mary.
Tom wasn't skeptical, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't skiing.
Tom wasn't sleeping on the sofa. He was sleeping on the floor.
Tom wasn't sleeping on this bench. He was sleeping on that bench.
Tom wasn't sleeping on this bench. He was sleeping on that one.
Tom wasn't sleeping when I got home.
Tom wasn't sleeping when I looked into his room.
Tom wasn't sleeping, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't sleeping, was he?
Tom wasn't sleeping.
Tom wasn't sleepy, and I wasn't, either.
Tom wasn't sleepy, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't sleepy.
Tom wasn't slow, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't slow.
Tom wasn't smart enough to figure that out.
Tom wasn't smiling when he entered the room.
Tom wasn't smiling.
Tom wasn't smoking a cigar. He was smoking a cigarette.
Tom wasn't smoking his pipe.
Tom wasn't smoking.
Tom wasn't snoring.
Tom wasn't so bad.
Tom wasn't so busy today.
Tom wasn't so busy.
Tom wasn't so lucky as they were.
Tom wasn't so lucky as we had been.
Tom wasn't so lucky this time.
Tom wasn't so lucky.
Tom wasn't so rich back then.
Tom wasn't so stupid as to tell Mary what he really thought.
Tom wasn't so sure himself.
Tom wasn't so sure of himself.
Tom wasn't so sure.
Tom wasn't sorry for what he had done.
Tom wasn't speaking French.
Tom wasn't speaking.
Tom wasn't stabbed by Mary. John stabbed him.
Tom wasn't stabbed.
Tom wasn't standing behind Mary.
Tom wasn't standing in line.
Tom wasn't standing next to Mary.
Tom wasn't standing.
Tom wasn't staring at Mary.
Tom wasn't staring at you.
Tom wasn't still asleep, was he?
Tom wasn't still there.
Tom wasn't stoned.
Tom wasn't strangled.
Tom wasn't strict, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't strict.
Tom wasn't strong enough to help his father on the farm.
Tom wasn't strong enough to lift the box by himself.
Tom wasn't strong enough to lift the box, so he asked Mary to help him.
Tom wasn't strong enough to swim across the river.
Tom wasn't strong enough.
Tom wasn't stubborn, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't stung by a wasp. He was stung by a bee.
Tom wasn't stupid enough to believe Mary.
Tom wasn't stupid enough to talk about what he'd done.
Tom wasn't stupid enough to tell Mary what he really thought.
Tom wasn't stupid.
Tom wasn't subpoenaed.
Tom wasn't successful in the attempt.
Tom wasn't successful, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't successful.
Tom wasn't supportive, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't supportive.
Tom wasn't supposed to be at school today, but he was.
Tom wasn't supposed to be doing that.
Tom wasn't supposed to be here all afternoon.
Tom wasn't supposed to be here today.
Tom wasn't supposed to be here until 2:30.
Tom wasn't supposed to be here until after Mary arrived.
Tom wasn't supposed to be here yesterday.
Tom wasn't supposed to be here.
Tom wasn't supposed to be paid for doing that.
Tom wasn't supposed to be there yesterday.
Tom wasn't supposed to be there.
Tom wasn't supposed to come over yesterday afternoon, but he did.
Tom wasn't supposed to come.
Tom wasn't supposed to do that by himself.
Tom wasn't supposed to do that in October.
Tom wasn't supposed to do that yesterday.
Tom wasn't supposed to do that, but he did.
Tom wasn't supposed to do that.
Tom wasn't supposed to do this.
Tom wasn't supposed to get any money for doing that.
Tom wasn't supposed to get paid for doing that.
Tom wasn't supposed to give Mary any money.
Tom wasn't supposed to go to Australia with Mary.
Tom wasn't supposed to go to Boston last week.
Tom wasn't supposed to go to Boston with Mary.
Tom wasn't supposed to go yesterday.
Tom wasn't supposed to help Mary do that.
Tom wasn't supposed to help Mary.
Tom wasn't supposed to help me this afternoon.
Tom wasn't supposed to help me, but he did.
Tom wasn't supposed to help me.
Tom wasn't supposed to help us yesterday, but he did.
Tom wasn't supposed to open that door.
Tom wasn't supposed to receive any money.
Tom wasn't supposed to show the contract to Mary.
Tom wasn't supposed to tell Mary anything about that.
Tom wasn't supposed to tell Mary that John was coming.
Tom wasn't supposed to win, but he did.
Tom wasn't supposed to win.
Tom wasn't sure Mary didn't know how to drive a car.
Tom wasn't sure Mary didn't know she was supposed to do that.
Tom wasn't sure Mary didn't know she wasn't supposed to do that.
Tom wasn't sure Mary had to do that.
Tom wasn't sure Mary knew she had to do that.
Tom wasn't sure Mary knew she needed to do that.
Tom wasn't sure Mary needed to do that.
Tom wasn't sure Mary should do that.
Tom wasn't sure Mary wanted him to do that.
Tom wasn't sure Mary wanted to do that.
Tom wasn't sure Mary was alive.
Tom wasn't sure Mary was lying.
Tom wasn't sure about that.
Tom wasn't sure at first what it was.
Tom wasn't sure at first where to go.
Tom wasn't sure he could do that again.
Tom wasn't sure he could do that.
Tom wasn't sure he could win.
Tom wasn't sure he had enough money with him.
Tom wasn't sure he had to do that again.
Tom wasn't sure he had to do that.
Tom wasn't sure he liked the plan.
Tom wasn't sure he needed to do that again.
Tom wasn't sure he needed to do that.
Tom wasn't sure he should do that.
Tom wasn't sure he wanted to do that.
Tom wasn't sure he'd find another job.
Tom wasn't sure he'd see Mary again.
Tom wasn't sure how he could help.
Tom wasn't sure how to answer.
Tom wasn't sure how to fill out the form.
Tom wasn't sure how to proceed.
Tom wasn't sure how to react.
Tom wasn't sure how to reply.
Tom wasn't sure how to respond to Mary's question.
Tom wasn't sure how to respond to Mary's request.
Tom wasn't sure how to respond to Mary's suggestion.
Tom wasn't sure how to respond.
Tom wasn't sure if Mary had really meant what she said.
Tom wasn't sure if Mary really meant what she said.
Tom wasn't sure if Mary wanted him to stay or go.
Tom wasn't sure if Mary was still in Australia or not.
Tom wasn't sure if Mary was still in Boston or not.
Tom wasn't sure if he could do it or not.
Tom wasn't sure if he could do that or not.
Tom wasn't sure if he had done the right thing.
Tom wasn't sure if he had enough money.
Tom wasn't sure if he liked the painting or not.
Tom wasn't sure if he should ask.
Tom wasn't sure if he should do that or not.
Tom wasn't sure if he should kiss Mary or not, so he didn't.
Tom wasn't sure if he wanted Mary to do that.
Tom wasn't sure if he wanted Mary to stay or go.
Tom wasn't sure if he wanted her to do that.
Tom wasn't sure if he was dreaming.
Tom wasn't sure if he was going to make it.
Tom wasn't sure if he'd done the right thing.
Tom wasn't sure if she wanted him to stay or go.
Tom wasn't sure if we were going in the right direction.
Tom wasn't sure of anything.
Tom wasn't sure of himself.
Tom wasn't sure of that.
Tom wasn't sure that he needed to do that.
Tom wasn't sure that he wanted to do that.
Tom wasn't sure that he'd ever see Mary again.
Tom wasn't sure that he'd see Mary again.
Tom wasn't sure that they were thinking of the same thing.
Tom wasn't sure they would renew his visa.
Tom wasn't sure they'd let him stay on the team.
Tom wasn't sure what Mary meant.
Tom wasn't sure what Mary wanted him to buy.
Tom wasn't sure what Mary was doing.
Tom wasn't sure what Mary was talking about.
Tom wasn't sure what happened.
Tom wasn't sure what he should do next.
Tom wasn't sure what he should do.
Tom wasn't sure what he was going to do.
Tom wasn't sure what he was supposed to do.
Tom wasn't sure what to do next.
Tom wasn't sure what to do.
Tom wasn't sure what to say next.
Tom wasn't sure what to say.
Tom wasn't sure what to think.
Tom wasn't sure when he was supposed to be there.
Tom wasn't sure where he should go.
Tom wasn't sure where to go.
Tom wasn't sure whether Mary was joking or not.
Tom wasn't sure whether Mary was still asleep or not.
Tom wasn't sure whether he could do that or not.
Tom wasn't sure whether he should do that or not.
Tom wasn't sure whether he should kiss Mary or not, so he didn't.
Tom wasn't sure whether he should sing or not.
Tom wasn't sure whether he wanted Mary to stay or go.
Tom wasn't sure whether to press the red button or the blue one.
Tom wasn't sure which one he should buy.
Tom wasn't sure which way he should go.
Tom wasn't sure which way to go.
Tom wasn't sure which way to turn.
Tom wasn't sure who he was supposed to meet.
Tom wasn't sure why Mary was late.
Tom wasn't sure why he was considered the spokesman for the group.
Tom wasn't sure you'd like that.
Tom wasn't sure.
Tom wasn't surprised Mary already knew about what had happened.
Tom wasn't surprised Mary already knew what to do.
Tom wasn't surprised Mary caught more fish than he did.
Tom wasn't surprised Mary complained so much.
Tom wasn't surprised Mary could do that.
Tom wasn't surprised Mary did that.
Tom wasn't surprised Mary didn't do that.
Tom wasn't surprised Mary didn't know what to do.
Tom wasn't surprised Mary didn't like John.
Tom wasn't surprised Mary had a motorcycle.
Tom wasn't surprised Mary hadn't done that.
Tom wasn't surprised Mary quit her job.
Tom wasn't surprised Mary showed up.
Tom wasn't surprised Mary was afraid.
Tom wasn't surprised Mary was asking him for a divorce.
Tom wasn't surprised Mary was late.
Tom wasn't surprised Mary was still up.
Tom wasn't surprised Mary was there.
Tom wasn't surprised Mary wasn't able to do that.
Tom wasn't surprised Mary wasn't on time.
Tom wasn't surprised Mary won the contest.
Tom wasn't surprised Mary won the prize.
Tom wasn't surprised Mary won the race.
Tom wasn't surprised at all.
Tom wasn't surprised by Mary's behavior.
Tom wasn't surprised by Mary's comment.
Tom wasn't surprised by Mary's reaction.
Tom wasn't surprised by Mary's request.
Tom wasn't surprised by the news.
Tom wasn't surprised by the sight.
Tom wasn't surprised by this.
Tom wasn't surprised by what Mary did.
Tom wasn't surprised by what Mary said.
Tom wasn't surprised by what happened.
Tom wasn't surprised by what he read in the report.
Tom wasn't surprised either.
Tom wasn't surprised how difficult it was to do that.
Tom wasn't surprised how hard it was to do that.
Tom wasn't surprised no one else was there.
Tom wasn't surprised nobody else was there.
Tom wasn't surprised that Mary already knew about what had happened.
Tom wasn't surprised that Mary already knew what to do.
Tom wasn't surprised that Mary caught more fish than he did.
Tom wasn't surprised that Mary complained so much.
Tom wasn't surprised that Mary could do that.
Tom wasn't surprised that Mary did that.
Tom wasn't surprised that Mary didn't do that.
Tom wasn't surprised that Mary didn't know what to do.
Tom wasn't surprised that Mary didn't like John.
Tom wasn't surprised that Mary had a motorcycle.
Tom wasn't surprised that Mary hadn't done that.
Tom wasn't surprised that Mary quit her job.
Tom wasn't surprised that Mary showed up.
Tom wasn't surprised that Mary was afraid.
Tom wasn't surprised that Mary was asking him for a divorce.
Tom wasn't surprised that Mary was late.
Tom wasn't surprised that Mary was still up.
Tom wasn't surprised that Mary was there.
Tom wasn't surprised that Mary wasn't able to do that.
Tom wasn't surprised that Mary wasn't on time.
Tom wasn't surprised that Mary won the contest.
Tom wasn't surprised that Mary won the prize.
Tom wasn't surprised that Mary won the race.
Tom wasn't surprised that no one else was there.
Tom wasn't surprised that nobody else was there.
Tom wasn't surprised to hear that Mary had gotten married.
Tom wasn't surprised to see John and Mary out on a date.
Tom wasn't surprised to see Mary there.
Tom wasn't surprised to see Mary with John.
Tom wasn't surprised to see Mary.
Tom wasn't surprised to see me.
Tom wasn't surprised to see us.
Tom wasn't surprised when I told him what I'd done.
Tom wasn't surprised when Mary did that.
Tom wasn't surprised when Mary kissed him.
Tom wasn't surprised when Mary quit her job.
Tom wasn't surprised when Mary showed up at his party.
Tom wasn't surprised when Mary showed up early.
Tom wasn't surprised when he saw Mary crying.
Tom wasn't surprised when he saw Mary in Boston.
Tom wasn't surprised when that happened.
Tom wasn't surprised where he found the lost child.
Tom wasn't surprised who showed up to meet him.
Tom wasn't surprised, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't surprised, was he?
Tom wasn't surprised.
Tom wasn't suspended from school.
Tom wasn't suspended, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't suspended.
Tom wasn't suspicious, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't suspicious.
Tom wasn't sweating.
Tom wasn't swimming.
Tom wasn't sympathetic, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't sympathetic.
Tom wasn't tactful.
Tom wasn't taken hostage.
Tom wasn't taking notes.
Tom wasn't taking pictures.
Tom wasn't talkative, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't talkative.
Tom wasn't talking about Mary. He was talking about Alice.
Tom wasn't talking about today.
Tom wasn't talking about us.
Tom wasn't talking about you.
Tom wasn't talking on the phone at that time.
Tom wasn't talking on the telephone at that time.
Tom wasn't talking to Mary.
Tom wasn't talking to a customer.
Tom wasn't talking to anybody.
Tom wasn't talking to me.
Tom wasn't talking to us.
Tom wasn't talking to you. He was talking to me.
Tom wasn't talking very loudly.
Tom wasn't talking.
Tom wasn't tall enough to reach the books on the top shelf.
Tom wasn't tall enough to reach the top shelf.
Tom wasn't taller than me when we were thirteen.
Tom wasn't teaching French three years ago.
Tom wasn't telling the truth about where he'd been.
Tom wasn't telling the truth about you, was he?
Tom wasn't telling the truth, was he?
Tom wasn't telling the truth.
Tom wasn't telling the whole truth.
Tom wasn't telling us the truth.
Tom wasn't telling you the whole truth.
Tom wasn't tempted by the opportunity.
Tom wasn't terribly coherent.
Tom wasn't terrified, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't that bad.
Tom wasn't that big a fool.
Tom wasn't that impressed.
Tom wasn't that strong.
Tom wasn't that stupid.
Tom wasn't that tall.
Tom wasn't the attacker.
Tom wasn't the best man at my wedding. John was.
Tom wasn't the best student in our class.
Tom wasn't the best.
Tom wasn't the captain of basketball team.
Tom wasn't the catcher.
Tom wasn't the chairman of the committee.
Tom wasn't the champion.
Tom wasn't the coordinator.
Tom wasn't the driver of the car that crashed into the supermarket on Park Street.
Tom wasn't the drunkest person at the party.
Tom wasn't the first boy Mary kissed.
Tom wasn't the first boy that Mary kissed.
Tom wasn't the first boy to ever hug Mary.
Tom wasn't the first boy to kiss Mary.
Tom wasn't the first guy I kissed.
Tom wasn't the first guy to break my heart.
Tom wasn't the first guy who broke my heart.
Tom wasn't the first man Mary cheated.
Tom wasn't the first man Mary kissed.
Tom wasn't the first man Mary robbed.
Tom wasn't the first man Mary wanted to marry.
Tom wasn't the first name that we thought of.
Tom wasn't the first name we thought of.
Tom wasn't the first one here this morning.
Tom wasn't the first one here today.
Tom wasn't the first one here, was he?
Tom wasn't the first one here.
Tom wasn't the first one in our class to find a job.
Tom wasn't the first one in our class to get married.
Tom wasn't the first one in our family to go to college.
Tom wasn't the first one in our family to visit Australia.
Tom wasn't the first one on the bus.
Tom wasn't the first one there.
Tom wasn't the first one to arrive this morning.
Tom wasn't the first one to arrive.
Tom wasn't the first one to be arrested.
Tom wasn't the first one to be eliminated.
Tom wasn't the first one to be fired.
Tom wasn't the first one to be injured.
Tom wasn't the first one to congratulate Mary.
Tom wasn't the first one to decide to do that.
Tom wasn't the first one to do that.
Tom wasn't the first one to donate money to us.
Tom wasn't the first one to encourage me to apply for the job.
Tom wasn't the first one to encourage me to do so.
Tom wasn't the first one to encourage me to do that.
Tom wasn't the first one to enter the cave.
Tom wasn't the first one to enter the house.
Tom wasn't the first one to enter the room.
Tom wasn't the first one to fall asleep.
Tom wasn't the first one to finish eating.
Tom wasn't the first one to finish the test.
Tom wasn't the first one to get here this morning.
Tom wasn't the first one to get here today.
Tom wasn't the first one to get here.
Tom wasn't the first one to get injured.
Tom wasn't the first one to get off the bus.
Tom wasn't the first one to get up this morning.
Tom wasn't the first one to go home.
Tom wasn't the first one to leave the house.
Tom wasn't the first one to leave work today.
Tom wasn't the first one to leave.
Tom wasn't the first one to notice Mary.
Tom wasn't the first one to raise his hand.
Tom wasn't the first one to say he'd help.
Tom wasn't the first one to say we shouldn't do that.
Tom wasn't the first one to sit down.
Tom wasn't the first one to tell me that.
Tom wasn't the first one to try to do that.
Tom wasn't the first one to try to help me.
Tom wasn't the first one to turn his homework in.
Tom wasn't the first one to turn in his homework.
Tom wasn't the first one to volunteer to help us do that.
Tom wasn't the first one to volunteer to help us.
Tom wasn't the first one to volunteer to help.
Tom wasn't the first one to volunteer.
Tom wasn't the first one to win.
Tom wasn't the first one who did that.
Tom wasn't the first one who said he didn't want to do that.
Tom wasn't the first one who said he wanted to do that.
Tom wasn't the first one who said he'd like to do that.
Tom wasn't the first one who spoke to me this morning.
Tom wasn't the first person here this morning.
Tom wasn't the first person here today.
Tom wasn't the first person here.
Tom wasn't the first person the police arrested.
Tom wasn't the first person to arrive.
Tom wasn't the first person to ask me that question.
Tom wasn't the first person to do that.
Tom wasn't the first person to encourage me to apply for the job.
Tom wasn't the first person to encourage me to do so.
Tom wasn't the first person to encourage me to do that.
Tom wasn't the first person to enter the cave.
Tom wasn't the first person to enter the room.
Tom wasn't the first person to get here today.
Tom wasn't the first person to get here.
Tom wasn't the first person to help Mary.
Tom wasn't the first person to offer to help Mary.
Tom wasn't the first person to tell me about that.
Tom wasn't the first person to tell me that I needed to do that.
Tom wasn't the first person to tell me that.
Tom wasn't the first person to volunteer.
Tom wasn't the first person who did that.
Tom wasn't the first to be fired.
Tom wasn't the first to be killed.
Tom wasn't the first to come.
Tom wasn't the first to encourage me to apply for the job.
Tom wasn't the first to encourage me to do so.
Tom wasn't the first to encourage me to do that.
Tom wasn't the first to enter the room.
Tom wasn't the first to sit down.
Tom wasn't the first to speak.
Tom wasn't the first to tell me that.
Tom wasn't the first.
Tom wasn't the guy who went skiing with Mary.
Tom wasn't the last kid to go home.
Tom wasn't the last one off the bus.
Tom wasn't the last one off the plane.
Tom wasn't the last one to arrive here.
Tom wasn't the last one to arrive this morning.
Tom wasn't the last one to arrive.
Tom wasn't the last one to cross the finish line.
Tom wasn't the last one to do that.
Tom wasn't the last one to get here today.
Tom wasn't the last one to go home.
Tom wasn't the last one to jump into the water.
Tom wasn't the last one to leave the classroom.
Tom wasn't the last one to leave the office.
Tom wasn't the last one to leave the party.
Tom wasn't the last one to leave the store.
Tom wasn't the last one to leave.
Tom wasn't the last one to see Mary alive.
Tom wasn't the last one to speak.
Tom wasn't the last one to volunteer.
Tom wasn't the last person to arrive.
Tom wasn't the last person to cross the finish line.
Tom wasn't the last person to do that.
Tom wasn't the last person to finish eating.
Tom wasn't the last person to leave the office.
Tom wasn't the last person to leave the room.
Tom wasn't the last person to leave.
Tom wasn't the last person to see Mary alive.
Tom wasn't the last person who lived in this house.
Tom wasn't the last student to leave.
Tom wasn't the last to arrive.
Tom wasn't the last to cross the finish line.
Tom wasn't the last to find out about it.
Tom wasn't the last to get here today.
Tom wasn't the last to go home.
Tom wasn't the last to leave the office.
Tom wasn't the last to leave.
Tom wasn't the last.
Tom wasn't the leader.
Tom wasn't the man in charge.
Tom wasn't the manager of our team three years ago.
Tom wasn't the manager.
Tom wasn't the most popular kid in school, but he had a lot of friends.
Tom wasn't the most popular kid in the school, but he had a couple of friends.
Tom wasn't the next person to die.
Tom wasn't the next person to do that.
Tom wasn't the oldest one in our class.
Tom wasn't the oldest person in the room.
Tom wasn't the one Mary went to Boston with.
Tom wasn't the one chosen to do that.
Tom wasn't the one driving.
Tom wasn't the one in charge.
Tom wasn't the one laughing.
Tom wasn't the one responsible for what happened.
Tom wasn't the one sitting the closest to the microphone.
Tom wasn't the one that Mary went to Boston with.
Tom wasn't the one that cleaned the room.
Tom wasn't the one that did that.
Tom wasn't the one that discovered the body.
Tom wasn't the one that got arrested.
Tom wasn't the one that got punished.
Tom wasn't the one that had the key.
Tom wasn't the one that killed Mary's cat.
Tom wasn't the one that killed Mary's cats.
Tom wasn't the one that painted this picture.
Tom wasn't the one that planted these flowers.
Tom wasn't the one that planted these trees.
Tom wasn't the one that told us about the problem.
Tom wasn't the one that was driving.
Tom wasn't the one that was laughing.
Tom wasn't the one that won.
Tom wasn't the one who Mary helped.
Tom wasn't the one who Mary wanted to talk to.
Tom wasn't the one who actually did that.
Tom wasn't the one who actually wrote the letter.
Tom wasn't the one who advised Mary to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who advised Mary to stop doing that.
Tom wasn't the one who advised me to do this.
Tom wasn't the one who asked Mary to do that, was he?
Tom wasn't the one who asked Mary to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who asked all the questions.
Tom wasn't the one who asked me to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who asked me to do this.
Tom wasn't the one who ate all of the ice cream.
Tom wasn't the one who betrayed us.
Tom wasn't the one who blew the balloons up.
Tom wasn't the one who blew up the balloons.
Tom wasn't the one who borrowed my car.
Tom wasn't the one who bought my old desk.
Tom wasn't the one who broke the vase.
Tom wasn't the one who broke the window.
Tom wasn't the one who broke the windshield of Mary's car.
Tom wasn't the one who brought you these flowers.
Tom wasn't the one who built this house.
Tom wasn't the one who came up with the idea.
Tom wasn't the one who chopped down those trees.
Tom wasn't the one who chopped those trees down.
Tom wasn't the one who cleaned the room.
Tom wasn't the one who complained.
Tom wasn't the one who convinced Mary not to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who convinced Mary that she should learn how to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who convinced Mary to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who convinced Mary to learn how to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who convinced Mary to quit doing that.
Tom wasn't the one who convinced Mary to show John how to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who convinced Mary to stop doing that.
Tom wasn't the one who convinced Mary to teach John how to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who convinced Mary to teach John how to drive.
Tom wasn't the one who convinced me to go.
Tom wasn't the one who cooked dinner.
Tom wasn't the one who cried.
Tom wasn't the one who dealt with that problem.
Tom wasn't the one who did that.
Tom wasn't the one who did that. It was Mary.
Tom wasn't the one who did this, is he?
Tom wasn't the one who did this.
Tom wasn't the one who died.
Tom wasn't the one who died. It was Mary.
Tom wasn't the one who discovered the body.
Tom wasn't the one who drank all the milk.
Tom wasn't the one who drove Mary home.
Tom wasn't the one who filed the complaint.
Tom wasn't the one who found me.
Tom wasn't the one who gave Mary a black eye.
Tom wasn't the one who gave Mary her first kiss.
Tom wasn't the one who gave Mary that black eye.
Tom wasn't the one who gave Mary that bracelet.
Tom wasn't the one who gave Mary that necklace.
Tom wasn't the one who gave Mary that.
Tom wasn't the one who gave me Mary's phone number.
Tom wasn't the one who gave me that.
Tom wasn't the one who gave me the painting that's hanging above my fireplace.
Tom wasn't the one who gave me this guitar.
Tom wasn't the one who gave me this ticket.
Tom wasn't the one who gave me this trumpet.
Tom wasn't the one who gave me this.
Tom wasn't the one who gave that to Mary.
Tom wasn't the one who gave this to me.
Tom wasn't the one who gave us your name.
Tom wasn't the one who got arrested.
Tom wasn't the one who got beaten up.
Tom wasn't the one who got punished.
Tom wasn't the one who got us into this mess.
Tom wasn't the one who handled that problem.
Tom wasn't the one who handled that.
Tom wasn't the one who helped Mary do that.
Tom wasn't the one who helped Mary.
Tom wasn't the one who helped me do that.
Tom wasn't the one who helped me paint my house.
Tom wasn't the one who helped me pull weeds in the garden.
Tom wasn't the one who helped me with my homework.
Tom wasn't the one who helped me.
Tom wasn't the one who helped us do that.
Tom wasn't the one who helped us.
Tom wasn't the one who hit me.
Tom wasn't the one who killed Mary's cat.
Tom wasn't the one who killed Mary's cats.
Tom wasn't the one who killed Mary.
Tom wasn't the one who killed your parents.
Tom wasn't the one who kissed me.
Tom wasn't the one who left the water running.
Tom wasn't the one who lit the campfire.
Tom wasn't the one who lit the candles.
Tom wasn't the one who made Mary do that.
Tom wasn't the one who made lunch.
Tom wasn't the one who made this.
Tom wasn't the one who offered to help me.
Tom wasn't the one who organized the party.
Tom wasn't the one who paid for the taxi.
Tom wasn't the one who paid the bill.
Tom wasn't the one who painted that picture.
Tom wasn't the one who planned the party.
Tom wasn't the one who planned this.
Tom wasn't the one who planted the roses in our garden.
Tom wasn't the one who planted these flowers.
Tom wasn't the one who planted these trees.
Tom wasn't the one who punched me.
Tom wasn't the one who put out the fire.
Tom wasn't the one who said that.
Tom wasn't the one who screamed.
Tom wasn't the one who shot Mary.
Tom wasn't the one who shot me.
Tom wasn't the one who showed Mary around Boston.
Tom wasn't the one who showed Mary how to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who showed Mary how to tie a square knot.
Tom wasn't the one who showed me how to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who started the fight.
Tom wasn't the one who stole Mary's bicycle.
Tom wasn't the one who stole Mary's stuff.
Tom wasn't the one who stole my wallet.
Tom wasn't the one who suggested I do that.
Tom wasn't the one who suggested leaving early.
Tom wasn't the one who suggested opening a bottle of wine.
Tom wasn't the one who suggested that I do that.
Tom wasn't the one who suggested that I go out with Mary.
Tom wasn't the one who suggested that we buy balloons.
Tom wasn't the one who suggested that we do this.
Tom wasn't the one who suggested that we leave early.
Tom wasn't the one who suggested that we raise prices.
Tom wasn't the one who suggested that we take a break.
Tom wasn't the one who suggested that we visit the castle.
Tom wasn't the one who suggested that.
Tom wasn't the one who suggested we buy balloons.
Tom wasn't the one who talked me into doing that.
Tom wasn't the one who taught Mary how to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who taught Mary how to drive.
Tom wasn't the one who taught Mary how to milk a cow.
Tom wasn't the one who taught Mary how to ride a bicycle.
Tom wasn't the one who taught Mary how to ride a horse.
Tom wasn't the one who taught Mary to swim.
Tom wasn't the one who taught me French.
Tom wasn't the one who taught me how to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who taught me how to drive.
Tom wasn't the one who taught me how to play the guitar.
Tom wasn't the one who taught me how to play the ukulele.
Tom wasn't the one who taught me how to play this song.
Tom wasn't the one who taught me how to say "thank you" in French.
Tom wasn't the one who taught me how to sing country music.
Tom wasn't the one who taught me how to swim.
Tom wasn't the one who taught me how to water ski.
Tom wasn't the one who taught me that song.
Tom wasn't the one who told Mary about that.
Tom wasn't the one who told Mary how to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told Mary not to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told Mary she didn't have to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told Mary she didn't need to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told Mary she had to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told Mary she needed to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told Mary that her house had burned down.
Tom wasn't the one who told Mary that she didn't have to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told Mary that she didn't need to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told Mary that she had to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told Mary that she needed to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told Mary to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told Mary was the one who was going to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told Mary where John lived.
Tom wasn't the one who told me I didn't have to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me I didn't need to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me I had to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me I needed to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me I ought to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me I should do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me I shouldn't do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me Mary didn't have to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me Mary didn't need to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me Mary had done that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me Mary had to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me Mary needed to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me Mary ought to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me Mary should do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me Mary shouldn't do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me Mary wanted to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me about Mary's accident.
Tom wasn't the one who told me about it.
Tom wasn't the one who told me about that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me he didn't have to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me he didn't need to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me he didn't want to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me he had to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me he needed to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me he ought to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me he should do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me he shouldn't do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me he wanted to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me how to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me not to do that again.
Tom wasn't the one who told me not to do that anymore.
Tom wasn't the one who told me not to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me not to leave.
Tom wasn't the one who told me that I didn't have to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me that I didn't need to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me that I had to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me that I needed to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me that I ought to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me that I should do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me that I shouldn't do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me that Mary didn't have to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me that Mary didn't need to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me that Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me that Mary had done that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me that Mary had to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me that Mary needed to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me that Mary ought to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me that Mary should do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me that Mary shouldn't do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me that Mary wanted to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me that he didn't have to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me that he didn't need to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me that he didn't want to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me that he had to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me that he needed to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me that he ought to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me that he should do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me that he shouldn't do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me that he wanted to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me that you didn't have to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me that you didn't need to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me that you didn't want to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me that you had to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me that you needed to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me that you ought to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me that you should do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me that you shouldn't do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me that you wanted to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me this.
Tom wasn't the one who told me to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me to do this.
Tom wasn't the one who told me what to do.
Tom wasn't the one who told me where Mary lived.
Tom wasn't the one who told me where you lived.
Tom wasn't the one who told me you didn't have to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me you didn't need to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me you didn't want to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me you had to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me you needed to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me you ought to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me you should do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me you shouldn't do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me you wanted to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me.
Tom wasn't the one who told that Mary was the one who was going to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told us to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who took care of that.
Tom wasn't the one who took out the garbage this morning.
Tom wasn't the one who took this picture.
Tom wasn't the one who turned off the lights.
Tom wasn't the one who turned on the lights.
Tom wasn't the one who wanted Mary to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who wanted to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who was driving.
Tom wasn't the one who was laughing.
Tom wasn't the one who was snoring.
Tom wasn't the one who washed your car for you. It was Mary.
Tom wasn't the one who won the prize.
Tom wasn't the one who won.
Tom wasn't the one who wrote this story.
Tom wasn't the one.
Tom wasn't the only Canadian at the meeting.
Tom wasn't the only Canadian in the room.
Tom wasn't the only Canadian there.
Tom wasn't the only adult in the room.
Tom wasn't the only applicant for the job.
Tom wasn't the only boy I kissed. I also kissed John.
Tom wasn't the only boy Mary saw in the park.
Tom wasn't the only boy at the party.
Tom wasn't the only boy at the party. John was there, too.
Tom wasn't the only boy in the class that Mary liked.
Tom wasn't the only boy in the room.
Tom wasn't the only boy invited to Mary's party.
Tom wasn't the only boy that Mary saw in the park.
Tom wasn't the only child at the party.
Tom wasn't the only eyewitness.
Tom wasn't the only guy I kissed.
Tom wasn't the only guy in the class.
Tom wasn't the only guy who said he was interested in doing that.
Tom wasn't the only kid at the party.
Tom wasn't the only man at the company that Mary respected.
Tom wasn't the only man in the room.
Tom wasn't the only man there.
Tom wasn't the only one Mary talked to.
Tom wasn't the only one allowed to do that.
Tom wasn't the only one at the meeting that I knew.
Tom wasn't the only one at the party who fell asleep.
Tom wasn't the only one at the party who wasn't drinking.
Tom wasn't the only one awake.
Tom wasn't the only one crying.
Tom wasn't the only one crying. Mary was crying, too.
Tom wasn't the only one doing that.
Tom wasn't the only one drinking beer.
Tom wasn't the only one drinking.
Tom wasn't the only one drunk at the party.
Tom wasn't the only one eating.
Tom wasn't the only one found alive on the island.
Tom wasn't the only one here when that happened.
Tom wasn't the only one hurt.
Tom wasn't the only one in the classroom when I got there.
Tom wasn't the only one in the house.
Tom wasn't the only one in the nightclub who wasn't drinking.
Tom wasn't the only one in the pool.
Tom wasn't the only one in the room at 2:30.
Tom wasn't the only one in the room that couldn't speak French.
Tom wasn't the only one in the room who didn't notice Mary leave.
Tom wasn't the only one in the room.
Tom wasn't the only one laughing.
Tom wasn't the only one laughing. Mary was laughing, too.
Tom wasn't the only one left alive.
Tom wasn't the only one not asleep.
Tom wasn't the only one not drinking beer.
Tom wasn't the only one not laughing.
Tom wasn't the only one not sitting.
Tom wasn't the only one not wearing a coat.
Tom wasn't the only one not wearing a costume.
Tom wasn't the only one not wearing a suit.
Tom wasn't the only one on his boat when it sank.
Tom wasn't the only one on the ship when it exploded.
Tom wasn't the only one permitted to do that.
Tom wasn't the only one sitting on the ground.
Tom wasn't the only one sitting.
Tom wasn't the only one sleeping.
Tom wasn't the only one smiling.
Tom wasn't the only one snoring.
Tom wasn't the only one standing.
Tom wasn't the only one talking.
Tom wasn't the only one that got arrested.
Tom wasn't the only one that knew where Mary was.
Tom wasn't the only one that was arrested.
Tom wasn't the only one that was laughing.
Tom wasn't the only one there.
Tom wasn't the only one to survive the crash.
Tom wasn't the only one wearing a coat.
Tom wasn't the only one wearing a suit.
Tom wasn't the only one who believed that.
Tom wasn't the only one who came early.
Tom wasn't the only one who came to help.
Tom wasn't the only one who could do that.
Tom wasn't the only one who could have stolen Mary's money.
Tom wasn't the only one who could've stolen Mary's money.
Tom wasn't the only one who couldn't do that.
Tom wasn't the only one who cried.
Tom wasn't the only one who did that.
Tom wasn't the only one who didn't do that.
Tom wasn't the only one who didn't eat anything. Mary didn't eat anything either.
Tom wasn't the only one who didn't get here on time.
Tom wasn't the only one who didn't hand in his homework on time.
Tom wasn't the only one who didn't have a driver's license.
Tom wasn't the only one who didn't have enough to eat.
Tom wasn't the only one who didn't have to do that.
Tom wasn't the only one who didn't know Mary had moved to Australia.
Tom wasn't the only one who didn't know Mary had moved to Boston.
Tom wasn't the only one who didn't know how to speak French.
Tom wasn't the only one who didn't know that Mary had moved to Australia.
Tom wasn't the only one who didn't know that.
Tom wasn't the only one who didn't know what to do.
Tom wasn't the only one who didn't laugh at Mary's joke.
Tom wasn't the only one who didn't need to do that.
Tom wasn't the only one who didn't say anything.
Tom wasn't the only one who didn't want to do that.
Tom wasn't the only one who drank tea.
Tom wasn't the only one who enjoyed doing that.
Tom wasn't the only one who failed the test.
Tom wasn't the only one who fell asleep. Mary fell asleep, too.
Tom wasn't the only one who got arrested.
Tom wasn't the only one who got here early.
Tom wasn't the only one who got here on time.
Tom wasn't the only one who got hurt.
Tom wasn't the only one who got injured.
Tom wasn't the only one who got up early this morning.
Tom wasn't the only one who had a key.
Tom wasn't the only one who had to do that.
Tom wasn't the only one who helped me.
Tom wasn't the only one who helped us. Mary helped us, too.
Tom wasn't the only one who knew about that.
Tom wasn't the only one who knew how to do that.
Tom wasn't the only one who knew how to start a fire without matches.
Tom wasn't the only one who knew the answer.
Tom wasn't the only one who knew the combination to the safe.
Tom wasn't the only one who knew the safe's combination.
Tom wasn't the only one who knew what happened to Mary.
Tom wasn't the only one who knew where I was.
Tom wasn't the only one who knew where Mary lived.
Tom wasn't the only one who knew where Mary was.
Tom wasn't the only one who knew where Mary went.
Tom wasn't the only one who laughed.
Tom wasn't the only one who looked tired. Mary looked tired, too.
Tom wasn't the only one who needed to do that.
Tom wasn't the only one who noticed what happened.
Tom wasn't the only one who noticed.
Tom wasn't the only one who offered to help me.
Tom wasn't the only one who offered to help.
Tom wasn't the only one who said he didn't agree with Mary.
Tom wasn't the only one who saw Mary sneak into the room.
Tom wasn't the only one who saw something.
Tom wasn't the only one who seemed to notice.
Tom wasn't the only one who showed up late.
Tom wasn't the only one who smiled.
Tom wasn't the only one who thanked me.
Tom wasn't the only one who thought that way.
Tom wasn't the only one who tried to do something about the problem.
Tom wasn't the only one who tried to help.
Tom wasn't the only one who trusted Mary.
Tom wasn't the only one who wanted to do that.
Tom wasn't the only one who wanted to leave the party early.
Tom wasn't the only one who was able to solve the puzzle.
Tom wasn't the only one who was arrested.
Tom wasn't the only one who was asleep. Mary was asleep, too.
Tom wasn't the only one who was busy.
Tom wasn't the only one who was busy. Mary was busy, too.
Tom wasn't the only one who was crying. Mary was crying, too.
Tom wasn't the only one who was doing that.
Tom wasn't the only one who was drinking.
Tom wasn't the only one who was early.
Tom wasn't the only one who was eating.
Tom wasn't the only one who was hungry.
Tom wasn't the only one who was hurt.
Tom wasn't the only one who was injured.
Tom wasn't the only one who was late.
Tom wasn't the only one who was late. Mary was late, too.
Tom wasn't the only one who was laughing.
Tom wasn't the only one who was on time.
Tom wasn't the only one who was one drunk at the party.
Tom wasn't the only one who was punished.
Tom wasn't the only one who was sleeping.
Tom wasn't the only one who was sleepy. Mary was sleepy, too.
Tom wasn't the only one who was staring at Mary.
Tom wasn't the only one who was there.
Tom wasn't the only one who was there. Mary was there, too.
Tom wasn't the only one who was tired.
Tom wasn't the only one who was unhappy.
Tom wasn't the only one who was very hungry.
Tom wasn't the only one who wasn't at the meeting.
Tom wasn't the only one who wasn't at the party.
Tom wasn't the only one who wasn't dancing.
Tom wasn't the only one who wasn't doing that.
Tom wasn't the only one who wasn't helping us.
Tom wasn't the only one who wasn't singing.
Tom wasn't the only one who wasn't sitting.
Tom wasn't the only one without enough money for the trip.
Tom wasn't the only other person who didn't do that.
Tom wasn't the only person Mary needed to talk to.
Tom wasn't the only person Mary wanted to talk to.
Tom wasn't the only person in the classroom.
Tom wasn't the only person in the park.
Tom wasn't the only person in the pool.
Tom wasn't the only person in the room at that time.
Tom wasn't the only person in the room.
Tom wasn't the only person injured.
Tom wasn't the only person on the bus.
Tom wasn't the only person that Mary talked to.
Tom wasn't the only person there.
Tom wasn't the only person to get injured.
Tom wasn't the only person to survive the fire.
Tom wasn't the only person to tell me that.
Tom wasn't the only person to volunteer.
Tom wasn't the only person who could do that.
Tom wasn't the only person who couldn't do that.
Tom wasn't the only person who did that.
Tom wasn't the only person who didn't want to do that.
Tom wasn't the only person who got arrested.
Tom wasn't the only person who got injured.
Tom wasn't the only person who had to do that.
Tom wasn't the only person who helped me.
Tom wasn't the only person who needed to do that.
Tom wasn't the only person who wanted to do that.
Tom wasn't the only person who was arrested.
Tom wasn't the only person who was injured.
Tom wasn't the only person who was punished.
Tom wasn't the only student who failed the test.
Tom wasn't the only student who was absent.
Tom wasn't the only survivor of the crash.
Tom wasn't the only survivor of the massacre.
Tom wasn't the only survivor.
Tom wasn't the only victim of that accident.
Tom wasn't the only victim.
Tom wasn't the only witness.
Tom wasn't the person Mary wanted to do that with.
Tom wasn't the person in charge.
Tom wasn't the person who convinced me to go.
Tom wasn't the pitcher.
Tom wasn't the right guy for Mary.
Tom wasn't the same after that.
Tom wasn't the soloist.
Tom wasn't the star.
Tom wasn't the winner.
Tom wasn't the worst player on our team.
Tom wasn't the worst.
Tom wasn't the youngest.
Tom wasn't there all day.
Tom wasn't there anymore.
Tom wasn't there at the time.
Tom wasn't there by himself.
Tom wasn't there either.
Tom wasn't there for Mary when she needed him.
Tom wasn't there for Mary.
Tom wasn't there for me when I needed him.
Tom wasn't there for me when I really needed him.
Tom wasn't there for me.
Tom wasn't there last month.
Tom wasn't there last week.
Tom wasn't there on business.
Tom wasn't there that night.
Tom wasn't there this morning.
Tom wasn't there to greet Mary.
Tom wasn't there to greet us.
Tom wasn't there to help me.
Tom wasn't there to sign for the package.
Tom wasn't there today.
Tom wasn't there when I arrived.
Tom wasn't there when I got there.
Tom wasn't there when Mary died.
Tom wasn't there when it happened.
Tom wasn't there with us.
Tom wasn't there yesterday.
Tom wasn't there yet.
Tom wasn't there, and neither was Mary.
Tom wasn't there, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't there, was he?
Tom wasn't there.
Tom wasn't thinking about his children.
Tom wasn't thinking straight.
Tom wasn't thirsty, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't thirsty, so he didn't drink anything.
Tom wasn't thirsty.
Tom wasn't thrilled to see Mary.
Tom wasn't thrilled.
Tom wasn't thrown out.
Tom wasn't timid, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't timid.
Tom wasn't tipsy.
Tom wasn't tired after working all day.
Tom wasn't tired, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't tired.
Tom wasn't to be stopped: he ploughed on tirelessly.
Tom wasn't told anything.
Tom wasn't told by his doctor to remain in bed.
Tom wasn't told he couldn't do that.
Tom wasn't told he didn't have to do that.
Tom wasn't told he didn't need to do that.
Tom wasn't told he has to do that.
Tom wasn't told he should do that.
Tom wasn't told he shouldn't do that.
Tom wasn't told never to do that again.
Tom wasn't told never to do that.
Tom wasn't told not to do that again.
Tom wasn't told not to do that by himself.
Tom wasn't told not to do that.
Tom wasn't told not to leave.
Tom wasn't told to do that by himself.
Tom wasn't told to do that.
Tom wasn't told to go with Mary.
Tom wasn't told to leave.
Tom wasn't told to wait.
Tom wasn't told what to do.
Tom wasn't told why Mary wasn't allowed to see him.
Tom wasn't told why Mary wasn't there.
Tom wasn't too afraid to go into the cave.
Tom wasn't too busy to help us.
Tom wasn't too busy to notice what was happening.
Tom wasn't too careful.
Tom wasn't too happy about that.
Tom wasn't too happy in those days.
Tom wasn't too interested.
Tom wasn't too keen on the idea.
Tom wasn't too late.
Tom wasn't too pleased at the time.
Tom wasn't too pleased.
Tom wasn't too sure what to think.
Tom wasn't too tired to study.
Tom wasn't too tired to work.
Tom wasn't tortured.
Tom wasn't totally surprised.
Tom wasn't totally wrong.
Tom wasn't trapped, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't trapped.
Tom wasn't traveling alone.
Tom wasn't traveling.
Tom wasn't treated fairly.
Tom wasn't troubled by anything at all.
Tom wasn't troubled by the news.
Tom wasn't trustworthy.
Tom wasn't truthful, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't truthful.
Tom wasn't trying to be funny.
Tom wasn't trying to escape.
Tom wasn't trying to help.
Tom wasn't trying to hurt Mary.
Tom wasn't trying to impress you. He was trying to impress Mary.
Tom wasn't trying to kill Mary. He was trying to save her.
Tom wasn't trying to scare Mary.
Tom wasn't trying to trick you.
Tom wasn't trying very hard.
Tom wasn't unconscious.
Tom wasn't understood.
Tom wasn't unfair.
Tom wasn't unfaithful.
Tom wasn't unfriendly, but he wasn't friendly either.
Tom wasn't unhappy.
Tom wasn't unkind to Mary.
Tom wasn't unprepared.
Tom wasn't up early.
Tom wasn't up studying all night.
Tom wasn't up when Mary came home.
Tom wasn't up when Mary got home.
Tom wasn't up yet.
Tom wasn't up, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't upset about that.
Tom wasn't upset at all.
Tom wasn't upset by the situation.
Tom wasn't upset by what Mary did.
Tom wasn't upset by what Mary said.
Tom wasn't upset when I told him about what had happened.
Tom wasn't upset with Mary.
Tom wasn't upset, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't upset.
Tom wasn't upstairs in bed.
Tom wasn't upstairs.
Tom wasn't used to failure.
Tom wasn't used to having someone wait on him.
Tom wasn't used to not getting his way.
Tom wasn't used to talking about work at home.
Tom wasn't used to that.
Tom wasn't vague.
Tom wasn't very active.
Tom wasn't very affectionate.
Tom wasn't very afraid.
Tom wasn't very aggressive.
Tom wasn't very ambitious.
Tom wasn't very amused by what was going on.
Tom wasn't very angry with Mary.
Tom wasn't very angry.
Tom wasn't very annoyed by that.
Tom wasn't very assertive, was he?
Tom wasn't very attentive.
Tom wasn't very believable.
Tom wasn't very bossy.
Tom wasn't very brave.
Tom wasn't very busy today.
Tom wasn't very busy yesterday.
Tom wasn't very busy.
Tom wasn't very calm.
Tom wasn't very careful.
Tom wasn't very clear.
Tom wasn't very cold.
Tom wasn't very compassionate.
Tom wasn't very concerned about that.
Tom wasn't very concerned.
Tom wasn't very confident.
Tom wasn't very confused.
Tom wasn't very considerate.
Tom wasn't very convincing, was he?
Tom wasn't very convincing.
Tom wasn't very cooperative.
Tom wasn't very courageous.
Tom wasn't very courteous.
Tom wasn't very curious.
Tom wasn't very decisive.
Tom wasn't very dedicated.
Tom wasn't very dependable.
Tom wasn't very depressed.
Tom wasn't very difficult to get along with.
Tom wasn't very diligent.
Tom wasn't very diplomatic.
Tom wasn't very direct.
Tom wasn't very discouraged.
Tom wasn't very drunk.
Tom wasn't very early.
Tom wasn't very easy to talk to.
Tom wasn't very encouraging.
Tom wasn't very energetic.
Tom wasn't very enthusiastic about that.
Tom wasn't very enthusiastic.
Tom wasn't very excited about it.
Tom wasn't very excited.
Tom wasn't very fair.
Tom wasn't very fast.
Tom wasn't very forthcoming about what happened with Mary.
Tom wasn't very friendly to me.
Tom wasn't very friendly, was he?
Tom wasn't very friendly.
Tom wasn't very frightened.
Tom wasn't very frugal with his money.
Tom wasn't very funny.
Tom wasn't very generous.
Tom wasn't very gentle.
Tom wasn't very good at French back then.
Tom wasn't very good at dancing.
Tom wasn't very good at doing that when he was younger.
Tom wasn't very good at doing that.
Tom wasn't very good at it.
Tom wasn't very good at reading between the lines.
Tom wasn't very good at sports.
Tom wasn't very good at swimming.
Tom wasn't very good last year.
Tom wasn't very good-looking in high school.
Tom wasn't very good.
Tom wasn't very happy at being interrupted.
Tom wasn't very happy here.
Tom wasn't very happy in Boston.
Tom wasn't very happy when I left.
Tom wasn't very happy.
Tom wasn't very healthy at that time.
Tom wasn't very helpful yesterday.
Tom wasn't very helpful.
Tom wasn't very hungry, so he didn't eat much.
Tom wasn't very hungry.
Tom wasn't very imaginative.
Tom wasn't very impartial.
Tom wasn't very impressed.
Tom wasn't very interested in doing that.
Tom wasn't very interested.
Tom wasn't very irritated by the noise.
Tom wasn't very jealous.
Tom wasn't very kind to Mary.
Tom wasn't very kind to me.
Tom wasn't very kind.
Tom wasn't very late.
Tom wasn't very lonely.
Tom wasn't very lucky.
Tom wasn't very mad.
Tom wasn't very motivated to do that.
Tom wasn't very motivated to win.
Tom wasn't very nervous.
Tom wasn't very nice to Mary.
Tom wasn't very nice to anybody.
Tom wasn't very nice to anyone.
Tom wasn't very nice to everyone, but he was nice to me.
Tom wasn't very nice to me.
Tom wasn't very nice to us.
Tom wasn't very nice.
Tom wasn't very observant.
Tom wasn't very offended.
Tom wasn't very optimistic.
Tom wasn't very organized.
Tom wasn't very outgoing.
Tom wasn't very particular.
Tom wasn't very patient, was he?
Tom wasn't very patient.
Tom wasn't very persistent.
Tom wasn't very persuasive.
Tom wasn't very pleased with the results.
Tom wasn't very pleased.
Tom wasn't very polite on the phone.
Tom wasn't very polite.
Tom wasn't very popular in high school.
Tom wasn't very popular.
Tom wasn't very prepared.
Tom wasn't very prudent.
Tom wasn't very quiet.
Tom wasn't very reasonable.
Tom wasn't very reliable.
Tom wasn't very remorseful.
Tom wasn't very resourceful.
Tom wasn't very romantic.
Tom wasn't very scared.
Tom wasn't very self-conscious.
Tom wasn't very serious.
Tom wasn't very shy.
Tom wasn't very sick.
Tom wasn't very sincere.
Tom wasn't very sleepy.
Tom wasn't very slow.
Tom wasn't very strict, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't very strong.
Tom wasn't very successful in Boston.
Tom wasn't very successful.
Tom wasn't very supportive.
Tom wasn't very surprised by what happened.
Tom wasn't very surprised that happened.
Tom wasn't very surprised that that happened.
Tom wasn't very surprised.
Tom wasn't very suspicious.
Tom wasn't very sympathetic.
Tom wasn't very talkative this afternoon.
Tom wasn't very talkative, was he?
Tom wasn't very talkative.
Tom wasn't very tense.
Tom wasn't very thirsty.
Tom wasn't very thorough.
Tom wasn't very thrilled.
Tom wasn't very ticklish.
Tom wasn't very tired.
Tom wasn't very tolerant.
Tom wasn't very tough.
Tom wasn't very troubled by what happened.
Tom wasn't very troubled.
Tom wasn't very truthful.
Tom wasn't very upset by that.
Tom wasn't very upset.
Tom wasn't very weak.
Tom wasn't very well behaved.
Tom wasn't very well prepared.
Tom wasn't very well.
Tom wasn't very worried.
Tom wasn't violent.
Tom wasn't waiting at the gate.
Tom wasn't waiting for Mary where he said he'd be waiting.
Tom wasn't waiting for Mary.
Tom wasn't waiting for me to help him.
Tom wasn't waiting for me.
Tom wasn't waiting for us.
Tom wasn't waiting for you.
Tom wasn't waiting for you. He was waiting for me.
Tom wasn't waiting where he said he'd be.
Tom wasn't walking his dogs.
Tom wasn't walking in front of me.
Tom wasn't walking on the sidewalk.
Tom wasn't walking slowly.
Tom wasn't walking too fast for Mary catch up with him.
Tom wasn't walking towards the station when I saw him.
Tom wasn't warm.
Tom wasn't warned not to do that.
Tom wasn't warned to stay away.
Tom wasn't wary.
Tom wasn't watching CNN.
Tom wasn't watching TV last night.
Tom wasn't watching TV when I got home.
Tom wasn't watching TV when I looked into the living room.
Tom wasn't watching TV.
Tom wasn't watching a basketball game on TV.
Tom wasn't watching me.
Tom wasn't weak.
Tom wasn't wealthy.
Tom wasn't wearing a Halloween costume.
Tom wasn't wearing a T-shirt.
Tom wasn't wearing a baseball cap when I saw him this morning.
Tom wasn't wearing a baseball cap.
Tom wasn't wearing a belt.
Tom wasn't wearing a black coat.
Tom wasn't wearing a black hat.
Tom wasn't wearing a blue coat.
Tom wasn't wearing a blue shirt.
Tom wasn't wearing a blue sweater.
Tom wasn't wearing a brown coat.
Tom wasn't wearing a brown hat.
Tom wasn't wearing a bullet-proof vest.
Tom wasn't wearing a bulletproof vest.
Tom wasn't wearing a cap.
Tom wasn't wearing a coat.
Tom wasn't wearing a costume.
Tom wasn't wearing a cowboy hat.
Tom wasn't wearing a gray suit.
Tom wasn't wearing a hat.
Tom wasn't wearing a helmet.
Tom wasn't wearing a hoodie.
Tom wasn't wearing a jacket.
Tom wasn't wearing a kilt.
Tom wasn't wearing a lab coat.
Tom wasn't wearing a leather jacket.
Tom wasn't wearing a life jacket.
Tom wasn't wearing a lifejacket.
Tom wasn't wearing a mask.
Tom wasn't wearing a name tag.
Tom wasn't wearing a new hat.
Tom wasn't wearing a plaid shirt.
Tom wasn't wearing a raincoat.
Tom wasn't wearing a red cap.
Tom wasn't wearing a red shirt.
Tom wasn't wearing a red tie.
Tom wasn't wearing a seat belt.
Tom wasn't wearing a seatbelt.
Tom wasn't wearing a shirt, so they wouldn't let him into the restaurant.
Tom wasn't wearing a shirt.
Tom wasn't wearing a sports coat.
Tom wasn't wearing a straw hat the last time I saw him.
Tom wasn't wearing a straw hat.
Tom wasn't wearing a suit when I saw him this morning.
Tom wasn't wearing a suit.
Tom wasn't wearing a sweater.
Tom wasn't wearing a swimsuit.
Tom wasn't wearing a tie.
Tom wasn't wearing a trench coat.
Tom wasn't wearing a trenchcoat.
Tom wasn't wearing a tux.
Tom wasn't wearing a tuxedo.
Tom wasn't wearing a uniform.
Tom wasn't wearing a warm coat.
Tom wasn't wearing a watch.
Tom wasn't wearing a wedding ring, but Mary noticed a white circle on his ring finger.
Tom wasn't wearing a white shirt.
Tom wasn't wearing a yellow tie.
Tom wasn't wearing any clothes.
Tom wasn't wearing any socks.
Tom wasn't wearing anything.
Tom wasn't wearing baggy pants like Mary said he was.
Tom wasn't wearing black socks.
Tom wasn't wearing black.
Tom wasn't wearing blue jeans.
Tom wasn't wearing boots.
Tom wasn't wearing cowboy boots.
Tom wasn't wearing glasses the last time I saw him.
Tom wasn't wearing glasses.
Tom wasn't wearing gloves.
Tom wasn't wearing his boots.
Tom wasn't wearing his bulletproof vest.
Tom wasn't wearing his favorite cap the first time I met him.
Tom wasn't wearing his favorite cap the first time that I met him.
Tom wasn't wearing his glasses when I saw him this morning.
Tom wasn't wearing his glasses.
Tom wasn't wearing his gloves.
Tom wasn't wearing his hat.
Tom wasn't wearing his helmet at the time of the accident.
Tom wasn't wearing his helmet.
Tom wasn't wearing his life jacket.
Tom wasn't wearing his life vest.
Tom wasn't wearing his mask.
Tom wasn't wearing his new coat.
Tom wasn't wearing his new hat.
Tom wasn't wearing his school uniform.
Tom wasn't wearing his seat belt.
Tom wasn't wearing his uniform the last time I saw him.
Tom wasn't wearing his uniform then.
Tom wasn't wearing his uniform when I saw him today.
Tom wasn't wearing his uniform.
Tom wasn't wearing his wedding ring.
Tom wasn't wearing jeans yesterday.
Tom wasn't wearing jeans.
Tom wasn't wearing moccasins.
Tom wasn't wearing much clothing.
Tom wasn't wearing pajamas.
Tom wasn't wearing rubber boots.
Tom wasn't wearing scuba gear.
Tom wasn't wearing shoes, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't wearing shoes.
Tom wasn't wearing slippers.
Tom wasn't wearing sneakers.
Tom wasn't wearing socks, so his feet were cold.
Tom wasn't wearing socks.
Tom wasn't wearing sunglasses.
Tom wasn't wearing the tie that you gave him.
Tom wasn't wearing the tie you gave him.
Tom wasn't wearing white socks.
Tom wasn't welcomed back.
Tom wasn't well-behaved.
Tom wasn't well-known in Boston.
Tom wasn't well.
Tom wasn't wet.
Tom wasn't where he ought to have been.
Tom wasn't where he said he'd be.
Tom wasn't where he said that he'd be.
Tom wasn't where he should've been.
Tom wasn't where he was supposed to be.
Tom wasn't where we thought he'd be.
Tom wasn't whistling.
Tom wasn't willing to change his plans.
Tom wasn't willing to compromise.
Tom wasn't willing to cooperate.
Tom wasn't willing to do that, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't willing to do that.
Tom wasn't willing to do what Mary asked him to do.
Tom wasn't willing to do what we asked him to do.
Tom wasn't willing to do what we wanted him to do.
Tom wasn't willing to give it a try.
Tom wasn't willing to go by himself.
Tom wasn't willing to go.
Tom wasn't willing to help me.
Tom wasn't willing to help us.
Tom wasn't willing to pay such a high price.
Tom wasn't willing to pay that much money for a secondhand computer.
Tom wasn't willing to spend that much money.
Tom wasn't willing to take that risk.
Tom wasn't willing to try anything new.
Tom wasn't willing to try doing that again.
Tom wasn't willing to try doing that.
Tom wasn't willing to try that.
Tom wasn't winning.
Tom wasn't with Mary all afternoon.
Tom wasn't with Mary the last time she visited us.
Tom wasn't with Mary when her purse was stolen.
Tom wasn't with Mary when she came here yesterday.
Tom wasn't with Mary.
Tom wasn't with Mary. He was with somebody else.
Tom wasn't with Mary. He was with someone else.
Tom wasn't with his family last weekend.
Tom wasn't with his friends.
Tom wasn't with his girlfriend.
Tom wasn't with me at that time.
Tom wasn't with me at the time Mary was murdered.
Tom wasn't with me on that day.
Tom wasn't with me the entire time.
Tom wasn't with me the whole time.
Tom wasn't with me.
Tom wasn't with us last night.
Tom wasn't with us that afternoon.
Tom wasn't with us the last time we came to Australia.
Tom wasn't with us the last time we came to Boston.
Tom wasn't with us.
Tom wasn't working at his desk this morning.
Tom wasn't working for me.
Tom wasn't working for us at that time.
Tom wasn't working last night.
Tom wasn't working last weekend.
Tom wasn't working part-time.
Tom wasn't working that day.
Tom wasn't working very hard when I saw him.
Tom wasn't working very hard.
Tom wasn't working with Mary.
Tom wasn't working.
Tom wasn't worried Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom wasn't worried about Mary.
Tom wasn't worried about getting caught.
Tom wasn't worried about his grades.
Tom wasn't worried about that.
Tom wasn't worried about what might happen if he did that.
Tom wasn't worried about what might happen.
Tom wasn't worried about you.
Tom wasn't worried, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't worried, either.
Tom wasn't worried.
Tom wasn't wounded in the attack.
Tom wasn't wounded in the battle.
Tom wasn't wounded in the fight.
Tom wasn't wounded in the war.
Tom wasn't wounded.
Tom wasn't writing.
Tom wasn't wrong about that.
Tom wasn't wrong, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't wrong, was he?
Tom wasn't wrong.
Tom wasn't yawning.
Tom wasn't yelling at Mary. He was yelling at me.
Tom wasn't yet finished.
Tom wasn't young.
Tom wasn't your French teacher, was he?
Tom wasn't your boyfriend when you were in high school, was he?
Tom wasn't your guitar teacher, was he?
Tom wasn't your teacher, was he?
Tom wasn’t able to answer Mary’s question.
Tom wasn’t able to contact Mary by phone.
Tom wasn’t able to find a babysitter on such short notice.
Tom wasn’t able to find a place to park.
Tom wasn’t able to meet Mary.
Tom wasn’t able to pass the examination.
Tom wasn’t able to swim.
Tom wasn’t able to talk to Mary.
Tom wasn’t afraid of death.
Tom wasn’t allowed to tell Mary everything he knew.
Tom wasn’t aware of the gravity of the situation.
Tom wasn’t feeling particularly talkative.
Tom wasn’t happy about the situation.
Tom wasn’t in the mood to accept Mary’s apology.
Tom wasn’t injured in the train wreck.
Tom wasn’t polite to Mary.
Tom wasn’t ready to accept Mary’s love or friendship.
Tom wasn’t ready to die.
Tom wasn’t satisfied with the pay he was getting.
Tom wasn’t smiling when he entered the room.
Tom wasn’t sure they would renew his visa.
Tom wasn’t very good at reading between the lines.
Tom wasted a lot of time trying to do that.
Tom wasted a lot of time.
Tom wasted his chance. Now he has to bear the consequences, and they will be dire.
Tom wasted his day waiting for something that never happened.
Tom wasted his money buying things he didn't need.
Tom wasted his money buying things that he didn't need.
Tom wasted no time doing that.
Tom wasted no time.
Tom wasted our time reporting a lot of irrelevant details.
Tom wasted three hours trying to do that.
Tom wasted time.
Tom wastes a lot of food.
Tom wastes a lot of money.
Tom wastes his money.
Tom wastes so much time acting like a know-it-all in meetings, it seems he just likes to bloviate.
Tom watched Mary and John playing tennis.
Tom watched Mary as she danced.
Tom watched Mary as she left.
Tom watched Mary as she slept.
Tom watched Mary carefully.
Tom watched Mary closely.
Tom watched Mary cook dinner.
Tom watched Mary dance.
Tom watched Mary disappear around the corner.
Tom watched Mary disappear into the crowd.
Tom watched Mary disappear into the darkness.
Tom watched Mary dive into the pool.
Tom watched Mary dive into the water.
Tom watched Mary do that.
Tom watched Mary draw a picture.
Tom watched Mary drawing a picture.
Tom watched Mary drive away and then got in his own car.
Tom watched Mary eat.
Tom watched Mary for a moment.
Tom watched Mary get on the ship.
Tom watched Mary get out of her car.
Tom watched Mary go.
Tom watched Mary leave.
Tom watched Mary pitch the tent.
Tom watched Mary playing with the other children.
Tom watched Mary pour a drink.
Tom watched Mary put sugar in her coffee.
Tom watched Mary silently.
Tom watched Mary suffer.
Tom watched Mary swim.
Tom watched Mary throwing rocks into the water.
Tom watched Mary walk away.
Tom watched Mary walk down the street.
Tom watched Mary walk into the hospital.
Tom watched Mary walk off.
Tom watched Mary walking away.
Tom watched Mary with concern.
Tom watched Mary work.
Tom watched Mary.
Tom watched TV all day.
Tom watched TV for three hours last night.
Tom watched TV until he fell asleep.
Tom watched TV while he ate breakfast.
Tom watched TV while he ate dinner.
Tom watched TV with Mary.
Tom watched TV with us last night.
Tom watched TV yesterday.
Tom watched TV.
Tom watched a BBC documentary.
Tom watched a Japanese movie subtitled in French.
Tom watched a Japanese movie with French subtitles.
Tom watched a Western.
Tom watched a YouTube video on how to eat a pomegranate.
Tom watched a YouTube video on how to eat pomegranates.
Tom watched a YouTube video.
Tom watched a cartoon with his children after dinner.
Tom watched a cartoon.
Tom watched a cooking show.
Tom watched a lot of movies.
Tom watched a martial arts movie.
Tom watched a movie about penguins.
Tom watched a movie on a portable DVD player.
Tom watched a movie while Mary was cleaning the house.
Tom watched a movie with Mary.
Tom watched a movie with subtitles.
Tom watched a movie.
Tom watched a romance movie with his wife.
Tom watched a romcom with his mom.
Tom watched a sad movie.
Tom watched a scary movie.
Tom watched a video about Australia.
Tom watched a zombie movie.
Tom watched admiringly.
Tom watched an infomercial.
Tom watched anime until his eyes bled.
Tom watched anxiously.
Tom watched approvingly.
Tom watched as Mary ate the sandwich that he made for her.
Tom watched as Mary ate the sandwich that he'd made for her.
Tom watched as Mary disappeared into the night.
Tom watched as Mary drove away in her red convertible sports car.
Tom watched as Mary drove away.
Tom watched as Mary left the room.
Tom watched as Mary left.
Tom watched as Mary poured him a drink.
Tom watched as Mary poured the wine into the glasses.
Tom watched as Mary took a bite out of the sandwich he'd just made for her.
Tom watched as Mary walked away.
Tom watched as Mary walked out the door.
Tom watched as his father fed the pigs.
Tom watched as the helicopter took off.
Tom watched attentively.
Tom watched carefully.
Tom watched cartoons with his children.
Tom watched closely.
Tom watched curiously.
Tom watched for a few moments.
Tom watched for a moment.
Tom watched for a while.
Tom watched from a distance.
Tom watched from his porch.
Tom watched from nearby.
Tom watched from the doorway.
Tom watched from the sidelines.
Tom watched helplessly as his house was washed away.
Tom watched helplessly as rioters burned down his store.
Tom watched helplessly as soldiers dragged his father out of their house.
Tom watched his cows graze.
Tom watched his dog die.
Tom watched his favorite kids' shows well into adolescence.
Tom watched his favorite television show.
Tom watched his granddaughters dance.
Tom watched his own documentary.
Tom watched impatiently.
Tom watched in amazement.
Tom watched in envy as Mary rode by on her pony.
Tom watched in fascination.
Tom watched in horror as the erstwhile contents of his grocery bags cascaded down the flight of stairs.
Tom watched in horror.
Tom watched in shock.
Tom watched in silence as Mary poured the wine into the glasses.
Tom watched intently.
Tom watched me carefully.
Tom watched nervously.
Tom watched quietly.
Tom watched silently.
Tom watched some TV and then went to bed.
Tom watched suspiciously.
Tom watched television yesterday.
Tom watched that happen.
Tom watched the 6 o'clock news.
Tom watched the Super Bowl.
Tom watched the beach volleyball tournament.
Tom watched the birds.
Tom watched the boys swimming.
Tom watched the celebration from afar.
Tom watched the children play.
Tom watched the children playing in the park.
Tom watched the children.
Tom watched the constructions workers work.
Tom watched the evening news with Mary.
Tom watched the fight from a safe distance.
Tom watched the garbage men take away the garbage.
Tom watched the halftime show.
Tom watched the helicopter take off.
Tom watched the hours tick by.
Tom watched the kids while Mary cooked dinner.
Tom watched the meteor shower.
Tom watched the movie entirely in French.
Tom watched the news every day last week.
Tom watched the news.
Tom watched the other children play.
Tom watched the other children playing.
Tom watched the plane disappear into the distance.
Tom watched the race through binoculars.
Tom watched the skaters glide across the ice.
Tom watched the sled dog race.
Tom watched the snow fall outside his window.
Tom watched the snow fall.
Tom watched the spider carefully.
Tom watched the squirrel climb the tree.
Tom watched the squirrel jump from branch to branch.
Tom watched the squirrel jump from tree to tree.
Tom watched the squirrel.
Tom watched the squirrels chase each other.
Tom watched the squirrels play.
Tom watched the squirrels.
Tom watched the sun rise in silence.
Tom watched the sun setting.
Tom watched the suspicious situation unfold.
Tom watched the tadpoles swimming in the jar that he'd put them in.
Tom watched the team practice on the field.
Tom watched the team practice.
Tom watched the volleyball tournament.
Tom watched the waves crashing down.
Tom watched the whole thing.
Tom watched them carefully.
Tom watched them hurry through the doors, a disagreeable expression on his face.
Tom watched through the screen how Mary was doing a mukbang with uncovered breasts.
Tom watched us carefully.
Tom watched very closely, but couldn't figure out the magician's trick.
Tom watched.
Tom watches "Miami Vice".
Tom watches Korean dramas and anime exclusively.
Tom watches Mary.
Tom watches PBS.
Tom watches TV about three hours a day.
Tom watches TV all the time.
Tom watches TV almost every evening.
Tom watches TV every day.
Tom watches TV every evening after dinner.
Tom watches TV every evening.
Tom watches TV every night.
Tom watches TV with the kids every evening.
Tom watches TV.
Tom watches a film on the second channel of German television.
Tom watches a lot of TV.
Tom watches a lot of documentaries.
Tom watches a lot of movies.
Tom watches a lot of television.
Tom watches all the TV news programmes.
Tom watches at least one movie a day.
Tom watches lots of movies.
Tom watches series till 3, 4 a.m.
Tom watches television every night.
Tom watches the 6 o'clock news every evening.
Tom watches the news every evening.
Tom watches too much TV.
Tom watches too much television.
Tom watered his horse.
Tom watered his roses.
Tom watered the flowers.
Tom watered the garden with the garden hose.
Tom watered the garden with the hose.
Tom watered the garden.
Tom watered the lawn.
Tom watered the plants with a watering can.
Tom watered the plants.
Tom watered the roses.
Tom watered the tree he'd just transplanted.
Tom watered the tree that he had just transplanted.
Tom watered the tree that he'd just transplanted.
Tom waters his lawn at least once a week when there's no rain.
Tom waters his lawn every day.
Tom waters the lawn every day.
Tom waters the potted plants on his porch every morning before going to work.
Tom waters the potted plants on his porch every morning before he goes to work.
Tom waved as he drove by.
Tom waved as he drove past.
Tom waved as the car pulled away.
Tom waved at Mary and she waved back.
Tom waved at Mary from across the street.
Tom waved at Mary from really far away.
Tom waved at Mary from the helicopter.
Tom waved at Mary.
Tom waved at me and I waved back.
Tom waved at me.
Tom waved at us.
Tom waved back.
Tom waved for help to passing drivers.
Tom waved goodbye and drove off.
Tom waved goodbye to Mary.
Tom waved goodbye to his friend.
Tom waved goodbye to me.
Tom waved goodbye to us.
Tom waved goodbye.
Tom waved his arms to get Mary's attention.
Tom waved his arms.
Tom waved his hand and smiled.
Tom waved his hand and was gone.
Tom waved his hand in front of Mary's face.
Tom waved his hand.
Tom waved in our direction.
Tom waved the flag.
Tom waved to Mary as he drove by.
Tom waved to Mary, and she waved back.
Tom waved to Mary.
Tom waved to everyone he saw.
Tom waved to his colleagues.
Tom waved.
Tom wavers between two strong opinions.
Tom waves to everyone.
Tom waxed Mary's car for her.
Tom waxed his car yesterday afternoon.
Tom waxed his car.
Tom waxed the floor.
Tom wearily closed his eyes.
Tom wears a bathrobe everywhere.
Tom wears a black tie.
Tom wears a bow tie about once a week.
Tom wears a bright red tie.
Tom wears a cap.
Tom wears a clip-on tie.
Tom wears a coat that's too large for him.
Tom wears a coat.
Tom wears a different tie every day.
Tom wears a fake Rolex.
Tom wears a frock, but he's not a priest.
Tom wears a gold wristwatch.
Tom wears a golf jacket, but never plays golf.
Tom wears a hat almost every day.
Tom wears a hat every day.
Tom wears a hat.
Tom wears a hearing aid now.
Tom wears a hearing aid.
Tom wears a kilt when he plays the bagpipes.
Tom wears a leather jacket.
Tom wears a mask to filter out pollution when he bicycles.
Tom wears a mask.
Tom wears a modified fishing vest to hold all his harmonicas when he performs on stage.
Tom wears a prosthesis.
Tom wears a ring.
Tom wears a scarf.
Tom wears a size 14 husky.
Tom wears a sleep mask at night.
Tom wears a sombrero.
Tom wears a strange-looking hat.
Tom wears a suit almost every day.
Tom wears a suit only on special occasions.
Tom wears a suit to work every day.
Tom wears a suit to work.
Tom wears a tie almost every day.
Tom wears a tie to work.
Tom wears a tinfoil hat to protect his brain from harmful radiation.
Tom wears a toupee, I think.
Tom wears a tux.
Tom wears a tuxedo.
Tom wears a wig, and I wear one, too.
Tom wears a wig, doesn't he?
Tom wears a wig.
Tom wears a wrist sundial and calls it his "Apple Watch."
Tom wears an eyepatch.
Tom wears bi-focals.
Tom wears bifocals.
Tom wears black-rimmed glasses.
Tom wears blue jeans every day.
Tom wears braces.
Tom wears clothes made by his mother.
Tom wears coke-bottle glasses.
Tom wears contacts.
Tom wears diapers, even though he doesn't really need them.
Tom wears fake glasses.
Tom wears glasses and so does Mary.
Tom wears glasses now.
Tom wears glasses purely as a fashion accessory.
Tom wears glasses with thick frames.
Tom wears glasses.
Tom wears gloves.
Tom wears his cap backwards.
Tom wears his hair combed back.
Tom wears his hair long.
Tom wears his hair short at the front and long at the back.
Tom wears his hair slicked back.
Tom wears his hat backwards.
Tom wears his heart on his sleeve.
Tom wears his keys around his neck for fear that he might lose them.
Tom wears horn-rimmed glasses.
Tom wears jeans almost every day.
Tom wears jeans every day.
Tom wears long sleeves when working in the garden.
Tom wears makeup.
Tom wears many hats.
Tom wears more expensive clothes than I do.
Tom wears progressive lenses.
Tom wears sandals.
Tom wears shoes inside his house.
Tom wears shoes inside the house.
Tom wears silk neckties.
Tom wears silk ties.
Tom wears simple clothes.
Tom wears size 13 shoes.
Tom wears stylish clothes.
Tom wears sunglasses.
Tom wears suspenders.
Tom wears the same Halloween costume every year.
Tom wears the same clothes that all his friends are wearing.
Tom wears the same color clothes every day.
Tom wears the same costume every Halloween.
Tom wears the same jeans every day.
Tom wears the same outfit every day.
Tom wears the same red flannel shirt every time he goes camping.
Tom wears the same size shoes as I do.
Tom wears thick glasses.
Tom wears thick-rimmed glasses.
Tom wears ties.
Tom wears turtleneck sweaters.
Tom wears very expensive clothes.
Tom wears very thick glasses.
Tom wears vibrant clothes to meetings.
Tom weary from his long flight.
Tom weaved along the motorway.
Tom wedged the claw of the crowbar under the nailhead and pulled out the nail.
Tom weeded the garden.
Tom weighed himself.
Tom weighed his options for a moment.
Tom weighed his options.
Tom weighed it.
Tom weighs 130 pounds.
Tom weighs 300 pounds.
Tom weighs a lot less than Mary.
Tom weighs a lot more than Mary does.
Tom weighs a lot more than Mary.
Tom weighs a lot more than he used to weigh.
Tom weighs about 200 pounds, give or take a few pounds.
Tom weighs about 300 pounds.
Tom weighs about 60 kilos.
Tom weighs about 80 kilograms.
Tom weighs about 80 kilos.
Tom weighs about a ton.
Tom weighs about the same as Mary.
Tom weighs about thirty kilograms.
Tom weighs about three kilograms more than I do.
Tom weighs about three kilograms more than me.
Tom weighs about three kilos more than Mary does.
Tom weighs about three kilos more than Mary.
Tom weighs around 300 pounds.
Tom weighs at least 70 kilograms.
Tom weighs himself every Monday morning.
Tom weighs himself every day.
Tom weighs himself every morning.
Tom weighs just 33 pounds.
Tom weighs more than I do.
Tom weighs more than Mary does.
Tom weighs more than Mary.
Tom weighs more than both of us put together.
Tom weighs more than thirty kilos.
Tom weighs much more than he used to.
Tom weighs over 90 kilograms.
Tom weighs seventy-four kilos.
Tom weighs three hundred pounds.
Tom weighs twice as much as I do.
Tom weighs twice as much as me.
Tom weirds me out sometimes.
Tom welched on his debt.
Tom welcomed Mary with open arms.
Tom welcomed Mary.
Tom welcomed everyone.
Tom welcomed the idea.
Tom welcomed us warmly.
Tom welcomed us.
Tom welded the pipes together.
Tom welded the two pipes together.
Tom welshed on his debt.
Tom welshed on the bet.
Tom welshed on the deal.
Tom went Christmas caroling with other members of his church choir.
Tom went a step further.
Tom went about his job with a purposeful intent.
Tom went abroad last year.
Tom went abroad soon after he graduated from college.
Tom went abroad to study French.
Tom went abroad to study.
Tom went abroad to work.
Tom went abroad.
Tom went across the hall to see what was happening.
Tom went across the hall.
Tom went across the road.
Tom went across the street.
Tom went after Mary.
Tom went again.
Tom went ahead and ate.
Tom went ahead and did that.
Tom went ahead with his plan.
Tom went ahead with his plans.
Tom went ahead.
Tom went all out with his joke.
Tom went alone.
Tom went along with Mary.
Tom went along with the scheme.
Tom went and got a book from the shelf.
Tom went and got married.
Tom went and shut the window.
Tom went apeshit when they announced that he was the winner.
Tom went around visiting his patients.
Tom went as far as Boston by train.
Tom went as far as the station by himself.
Tom went as red as a beetroot.
Tom went at school yesterday.
Tom went away angry.
Tom went away in a hurry.
Tom went away quietly.
Tom went away to college.
Tom went away to the country.
Tom went away without saying a word.
Tom went away.
Tom went back down into the cellar.
Tom went back downstairs.
Tom went back home to Australia.
Tom went back home to get his guitar.
Tom went back home to get his passport.
Tom went back home to get some money.
Tom went back home to put on some dry clothes.
Tom went back home.
Tom went back in time, killed his grandfather, and disappeared.
Tom went back inside the house.
Tom went back inside to get his coat.
Tom went back inside, but I didn't see the door close.
Tom went back inside.
Tom went back into his apartment.
Tom went back into his house to get his backpack.
Tom went back into his office.
Tom went back into his room.
Tom went back into the burning house to get Mary.
Tom went back into the cave.
Tom went back into the classroom.
Tom went back into the house to get an umbrella.
Tom went back into the kitchen.
Tom went back into the library.
Tom went back into the office.
Tom went back into the other room.
Tom went back into the room to check on Mary.
Tom went back on board.
Tom went back outside to see what Mary was doing.
Tom went back outside.
Tom went back the way he came.
Tom went back to Australia after a year.
Tom went back to Australia again.
Tom went back to Australia in 2013.
Tom went back to Australia in order to be with Mary.
Tom went back to Australia last week.
Tom went back to Australia yesterday.
Tom went back to Australia.
Tom went back to Boston after a year.
Tom went back to Boston in order to be with Mary.
Tom went back to Boston last week.
Tom went back to Boston to live with his parents.
Tom went back to Boston yesterday.
Tom went back to Boston.
Tom went back to Mary's house.
Tom went back to bed as if nothing had happened.
Tom went back to bed.
Tom went back to class.
Tom went back to get his helmet.
Tom went back to his apartment.
Tom went back to his bedroom.
Tom went back to his car and got a flashlight.
Tom went back to his car to get his umbrella.
Tom went back to his car to get something that he forgot.
Tom went back to his car.
Tom went back to his chair and sat down.
Tom went back to his desk and sat down.
Tom went back to his desk.
Tom went back to his dorm.
Tom went back to his farm.
Tom went back to his hometown.
Tom went back to his hotel room.
Tom went back to his hotel.
Tom went back to his house.
Tom went back to his office.
Tom went back to his own room and lay down.
Tom went back to his room and lay down.
Tom went back to his room and started studying.
Tom went back to his room.
Tom went back to his seat.
Tom went back to his writing.
Tom went back to prison for violating his probation.
Tom went back to prison.
Tom went back to school to get his umbrella.
Tom went back to school to get something he forgot.
Tom went back to school.
Tom went back to sleep as if nothing had happened.
Tom went back to sleep.
Tom went back to studying as soon as Mary left the room.
Tom went back to the bank.
Tom went back to the club.
Tom went back to the cottage.
Tom went back to the drawing board.
Tom went back to the garage.
Tom went back to the gym.
Tom went back to the hospital.
Tom went back to the hotel.
Tom went back to the kitchen.
Tom went back to the library.
Tom went back to the mall.
Tom went back to the office to get something he forgot.
Tom went back to the post office.
Tom went back to the sink.
Tom went back to the store.
Tom went back to the supermarket.
Tom went back to the table.
Tom went back to watching TV.
Tom went back to where he had met Mary earlier.
Tom went back to work as soon as Mary left.
Tom went back to work.
Tom went back up to the attic.
Tom went back upstairs as soon as he finished eating breakfast.
Tom went back upstairs to his room.
Tom went back upstairs.
Tom went back.
Tom went backpacking.
Tom went backstage after the show.
Tom went backstage to see if he could meet some of the band members.
Tom went ballistic when Mary told him she wanted a divorce.
Tom went ballistic.
Tom went bananas.
Tom went bankrupt.
Tom went bass fishing.
Tom went berserk.
Tom went beyond that.
Tom went birdwatching.
Tom went blind after looking at the laser inside his mouse for too long.
Tom went blind in one eye.
Tom went blind.
Tom went blue.
Tom went bonkers.
Tom went bouldering.
Tom went bowling.
Tom went broke.
Tom went by bicycle.
Tom went by bus.
Tom went by car as he's afraid of flying.
Tom went by car because he's afraid of flying.
Tom went by car.
Tom went by himself.
Tom went camping in the California mountains for the summer.
Tom went camping three weeks ago.
Tom went camping with his friends.
Tom went camping with one of his friends.
Tom went camping.
Tom went canoeing with his friends.
Tom went canoeing.
Tom went caving.
Tom went chasing rabbits.
Tom went clubbing.
Tom went completely ballistic.
Tom went completely insane.
Tom went crazy.
Tom went crowdsurfing in his wheelchair.
Tom went cycling with one of his friends.
Tom went deep inside the cave.
Tom went deeper into the cave.
Tom went deer hunting last weekend.
Tom went deer hunting.
Tom went directly to Mary's home.
Tom went directly to his room as soon as he got home.
Tom went diving with sharks.
Tom went dog-sledding.
Tom went doolally.
Tom went down from the eighth floor.
Tom went down into the bomb shelter.
Tom went down into the cellar and came back with a bottle of wine.
Tom went down into the cellar and returned with a bottle of wine.
Tom went down on one knee and asked Mary to marry him.
Tom went down the hill.
Tom went down the ladder.
Tom went down the river in a canoe.
Tom went down the river on a raft.
Tom went down the river on a rubber raft.
Tom went down the stairs in a hurry.
Tom went down the stairs.
Tom went down the street.
Tom went down the wrong path.
Tom went down to the basement and shut off the power.
Tom went down to the basement to see what was wrong with the furnace.
Tom went down to the basement to shut off the power.
Tom went down to the basement to turn off the power.
Tom went down to the basement.
Tom went down to the beach.
Tom went down to the cafeteria for breakfast.
Tom went down to the first floor.
Tom went down to the kitchen.
Tom went down to the lobby to meet Mary.
Tom went down to the third floor.
Tom went down, but the referee waved play on.
Tom went down.
Tom went downstairs to answer the door.
Tom went downstairs to grab some food.
Tom went downstairs to see who had come.
Tom went downstairs.
Tom went downtown this afternoon.
Tom went downtown to buy supplies.
Tom went downtown to do shopping.
Tom went downtown with Mary.
Tom went downtown with his friends.
Tom went downtown.
Tom went drinking almost every night.
Tom went duck hunting a couple of weekends ago.
Tom went duck hunting a few weekends ago.
Tom went duck hunting last month.
Tom went duck hunting with his friends last weekend.
Tom went duck hunting.
Tom went dumpster diving.
Tom went either to Boston or to Chicago.
Tom went either to Boston or to Chicago. I'm not sure which.
Tom went far away.
Tom went first.
Tom went fishing almost every day last summer.
Tom went fishing for crayfish.
Tom went fishing in spite of the rain.
Tom went fishing in the Gulf of Mexico.
Tom went fishing the day before yesterday.
Tom went fishing today.
Tom went fishing with three other people.
Tom went fishing with us yesterday.
Tom went fishing yesterday.
Tom went fishing, but didn't catch anything.
Tom went fishing, but didn’t catch anything.
Tom went fishing.
Tom went flaccid.
Tom went fly fishing with his father.
Tom went food shopping.
Tom went for a bike ride.
Tom went for a doctor.
Tom went for a double leg and John sprawled.
Tom went for a double-leg takedown, but John sprawled.
Tom went for a drive.
Tom went for a morning jog.
Tom went for a run last night.
Tom went for a run.
Tom went for a single-leg takedown.
Tom went for a single-leg.
Tom went for a stroll.
Tom went for a swim in the pool.
Tom went for a swim last night.
Tom went for a swim.
Tom went for a walk after dinner.
Tom went for a walk and took pictures of things he saw.
Tom went for a walk before breakfast.
Tom went for a walk in the park one winter evening. However, he never returned home. He disappeared without a trace.
Tom went for a walk in the park.
Tom went for a walk in the rain.
Tom went for a walk with Mary.
Tom went for a walk.
Tom went for an early-morning swim.
Tom went for another walk.
Tom went for help.
Tom went for it.
Tom went for lunch at ten past two.
Tom went for the doctor.
Tom went for the jugular.
Tom went for three weeks without shaving before his wife complained.
Tom went forward.
Tom went from Boston to Chicago by plane.
Tom went from Boston to Chicago.
Tom went from London to Rome.
Tom went from Rome to London.
Tom went from hero to zero after the scandal broke.
Tom went from one foster home to another.
Tom went from one shop to another trying to find what Mary had asked him to buy.
Tom went grocery shopping on an empty stomach and bought much more than he had intended.
Tom went grocery shopping when he was hungry and bought twice as much as he had on his list.
Tom went grocery shopping.
Tom went guarantor for his son's car loan.
Tom went hang-gliding.
Tom went haywire.
Tom went hiking with his friends.
Tom went hiking with some friends last weekend.
Tom went hiking.
Tom went his way, and I went mine.
Tom went home Monday.
Tom went home after that.
Tom went home alone.
Tom went home an hour ago.
Tom went home and cried.
Tom went home angry.
Tom went home as soon as the concert was over.
Tom went home at 2:30.
Tom went home at 6.30.
Tom went home at 6:30.
Tom went home because he had a headache.
Tom went home by bus.
Tom went home by himself.
Tom went home by taxi.
Tom went home crying.
Tom went home depressed.
Tom went home earlier than usual today.
Tom went home early today.
Tom went home early.
Tom went home for Christmas.
Tom went home for Thanksgiving.
Tom went home for the weekend.
Tom went home hungry.
Tom went home on foot.
Tom went home sick.
Tom went home three hours ago.
Tom went home three hours later.
Tom went home through the woods.
Tom went home to Australia.
Tom went home to Boston.
Tom went home to eat lunch.
Tom went home to rest.
Tom went home upset.
Tom went home whereas we stayed.
Tom went home while it was still light.
Tom went home with Mary.
Tom went home with a headache.
Tom went home with tears in his eyes.
Tom went home yesterday.
Tom went home.
Tom went hunting in the woods.
Tom went hunting last weekend with some of his friends.
Tom went hunting last weekend.
Tom went hunting with John.
Tom went hunting.
Tom went in Mary's place.
Tom went in a different direction.
Tom went in by himself.
Tom went in my house.
Tom went in my place.
Tom went in place of me.
Tom went in that direction.
Tom went in the house.
Tom went in there.
Tom went in.
Tom went insane and burned all his clothes.
Tom went insane.
Tom went inside the apartment.
Tom went inside the cabin.
Tom went inside the cage.
Tom went inside the convenience store.
Tom went inside the dark room and switched on the lights.
Tom went inside the house.
Tom went inside to get out of the rain.
Tom went inside.
Tom went instead of Mary.
Tom went instead of his dad.
Tom went instead of me.
Tom went into Mary's office.
Tom went into a coma and never regained consciousness.
Tom went into a coma, and shortly afterward, he died.
Tom went into a coma.
Tom went into a corner and cried.
Tom went into a lot of detail.
Tom went into hiding.
Tom went into his apartment and closed the door.
Tom went into his bedroom and slammed the door.
Tom went into his bedroom.
Tom went into his dressing room.
Tom went into his office and closed the door.
Tom went into his room and closed the door.
Tom went into his room and shut the door.
Tom went into his room and slammed the door.
Tom went into his room.
Tom went into hypovolemic shock.
Tom went into one of the rooms, and Mary went into the other.
Tom went into rehab.
Tom went into teaching.
Tom went into that cave.
Tom went into that room.
Tom went into the adjoining room.
Tom went into the bank while Mary waited patiently in the car.
Tom went into the bank.
Tom went into the bar.
Tom went into the bathroom and closed the door.
Tom went into the bedroom.
Tom went into the bookstore.
Tom went into the building even though he'd been told not to.
Tom went into the building.
Tom went into the cabin.
Tom went into the cave and hid.
Tom went into the cave by himself.
Tom went into the cave to hide.
Tom went into the cave to rescue Mary.
Tom went into the cave.
Tom went into the conference room.
Tom went into the courthouse.
Tom went into the dining room.
Tom went into the exam and, without having done any preparation, achieved the top mark.
Tom went into the exam unprepared and achieved the top mark.
Tom went into the exam unprepared and failed it.
Tom went into the forest.
Tom went into the house.
Tom went into the jewelry store.
Tom went into the kitchen and got himself something to eat.
Tom went into the kitchen and poured himself a cup of coffee.
Tom went into the kitchen for a glass of water.
Tom went into the kitchen to drink some water.
Tom went into the kitchen to get Mary something to drink.
Tom went into the kitchen to get a drink of water.
Tom went into the kitchen to get a glass of water.
Tom went into the kitchen to get his guests some drinks.
Tom went into the kitchen to get his guests something to drink.
Tom went into the kitchen to get more drinks.
Tom went into the kitchen to get some coffee.
Tom went into the kitchen to get some snacks.
Tom went into the kitchen to get something to drink.
Tom went into the kitchen to get something to eat.
Tom went into the kitchen to get something to munch on.
Tom went into the kitchen to get something to nibble on.
Tom went into the kitchen to get something.
Tom went into the kitchen to grab himself a cup of coffee.
Tom went into the kitchen to help his mother make dinner.
Tom went into the kitchen to see what Mary was cooking.
Tom went into the kitchen.
Tom went into the library.
Tom went into the living room to see if Mary was still there.
Tom went into the lobby.
Tom went into the next room.
Tom went into the other room to see what was happening.
Tom went into the other room.
Tom went into the pub and ordered a pint of beer.
Tom went into the restaurant.
Tom went into the room and closed the door.
Tom went into the room and slammed the door behind him.
Tom went into the room and turned on the light.
Tom went into the room first.
Tom went into the room.
Tom went into the shaft.
Tom went into the staffroom, even though pupils weren't allowed to do so.
Tom went into the store to buy a loaf of bread.
Tom went into the store to buy some ice cream.
Tom went into the store.
Tom went into the study.
Tom went into the water up to his knees.
Tom went into the water.
Tom went into the woods.
Tom went into the wrong building.
Tom went into town to buy some supplies.
Tom went kayaking.
Tom went left, and Mary went right.
Tom went livid.
Tom went looking for Mary.
Tom went looking for help.
Tom went mad.
Tom went missing in 2013.
Tom went missing in Africa during an archaeological expedition.
Tom went missing in Australia.
Tom went missing last Monday.
Tom went missing last October.
Tom went missing on October 20, 2013.
Tom went missing on October 20th.
Tom went missing on Valentine's Day.
Tom went missing several days ago.
Tom went missing yesterday.
Tom went missing.
Tom went mute.
Tom went next door to get help.
Tom went north to visit Regina on a one month vacation.
Tom went nuts.
Tom went off by himself.
Tom went off for the day.
Tom went off in a hurry.
Tom went off on a tangent.
Tom went off the rails in his teens, but he's done a bit of growing up since then.
Tom went off with his friends.
Tom went off without bothering to wait for me.
Tom went offsides and cost his team 10 yards.
Tom went on a backpacking trip.
Tom went on a binge of reading books.
Tom went on a blind date.
Tom went on a book binge.
Tom went on a business trip last week.
Tom went on a business trip.
Tom went on a camping trip with Mary.
Tom went on a camping trip with a friend.
Tom went on a camping trip with his family.
Tom went on a camping trip with his father.
Tom went on a camping trip.
Tom went on a cruise.
Tom went on a date with Martin.
Tom went on a date with Mary.
Tom went on a drinking binge.
Tom went on a few dates with Mary.
Tom went on a fishing trip.
Tom went on a fly-fishing trip.
Tom went on a hunger strike.
Tom went on a hunting trip.
Tom went on a picnic with Mary and her family.
Tom went on a picnic with Mary's family.
Tom went on a picnic with Mary.
Tom went on a picnic.
Tom went on a road trip across Australia.
Tom went on a road trip across Canada.
Tom went on a road trip across Europe.
Tom went on a road trip across the United States.
Tom went on a road trip around Europe.
Tom went on a road trip with a friend.
Tom went on a road trip with his friends.
Tom went on a road trip.
Tom went on a safari in Africa.
Tom went on a safari.
Tom went on a shopping spree.
Tom went on a spending spree.
Tom went on a three-day trip.
Tom went on a three-week cycling trip.
Tom went on a trip by himself.
Tom went on a trip for a few days.
Tom went on a trip to Australia with his family.
Tom went on a trip to Canada with his family.
Tom went on a trip.
Tom went on a vision quest.
Tom went on a water fast for three days.
Tom went on an errand.
Tom went on board the plane.
Tom went on board.
Tom went on doing that even though we asked him not to.
Tom went on doing that even though we asked him to stop doing it.
Tom went on doing that, even though we asked him not to.
Tom went on doing that.
Tom went on doing what he was doing.
Tom went on eating.
Tom went on foot.
Tom went on inside.
Tom went on one date with Mary.
Tom went on reading.
Tom went on singing.
Tom went on speaking French.
Tom went on speaking.
Tom went on stage and bowed.
Tom went on stage.
Tom went on strike.
Tom went on talking as if Mary wasn't there.
Tom went on talking.
Tom went on the balcony.
Tom went on to Boston.
Tom went on vacation to Spain.
Tom went on vacation.
Tom went on welfare.
Tom went on working even though he was very tired.
Tom went on working.
Tom went out Monday.
Tom went out a couple of minutes ago.
Tom went out a few minutes ago.
Tom went out across the lake in his canoe.
Tom went out across the lake in his dinghy.
Tom went out alone.
Tom went out and left the door open.
Tom went out dancing.
Tom went out despite the curfew.
Tom went out drinking almost every night when he was in Boston.
Tom went out drinking with his friends last night.
Tom went out earlier.
Tom went out fishing.
