He stopped the bus.
He stopped the car abruptly.
He stopped the car.
He stopped the music.
He stopped the treatment.
He stopped them all.
He stopped there.
He stopped this.
He stopped to catch his breath.
He stopped to gawk at the limousine.
He stopped to make speeches in cities along the way.
He stopped to put on his shoes.
He stopped to read the billboard.
He stopped to smoke.
He stopped to speak to her.
He stopped to take a close look at the car.
He stopped to talk to them.
He stopped to talk.
He stopped to think which way to go.
He stopped trying.
He stopped up the crack with putty.
He stopped watching sports shows and began watching BBC shows to improve his understanding of spoken English.
He stopped what he was doing and looked up at her.
He stopped what he was doing.
He stopped working due to health concerns.
He stopped working so he could study.
He stopped yelling.
He stopped.
He stops by the store.
He stops in front of me, his hands along his sides.
He stops, and from Achates hastes to seize / his chance-brought arms, the arrows and the bow, / the branching antlers smites, and lays the leader low. / Next fall the herd; and through the leafy glade / in mingled rout he drives the scattered train, / plying his shafts.
He stored the honey for the winter.
He stored wood for the winter.
He stormed into mission control.
He stormed into the room.
He stormed off.
He stormed out in anger.
He stormed out of the classroom.
He stormed out of the restaurant.
He stormed out of the room.
He stormed out of the shop.
He stormed up the stairs.
He straight up murdered that guy.
He straightened his glasses.
He straightened up his bedroom.
He straightened up his desk.
He straightened up his room.
He strained every nerve to see in the darkness.
He strained his back.
He strained his eyes by reading too much.
He strangled Silya.
He strangled her.
He strayed from his group.
He strenuously denied the claims made against him.
He stressed that they must arrive punctually.
He stressed the convenient aspects of city life.
He stressed the importance of being punctual.
He stressed the importance of education.
He stretched and took a deep breath.
He stretched himself out.
He stretched his arm.
He stretched his arms and welcomed us.
He stretched his legs.
He stretched out his arm for a magazine.
He stretched out his arm to take the book.
He stretched out his legs.
He stretched out on his unmade bed.
He strikes me as being in good health.
He strives for excellence in every task.
He strives to know more.
He strives to succeed.
He strode along the road in a great hurry.
He stroked her cheek.
He stroked her hair.
He stroked my cheek.
He strongly believed that if he just kept trying he would make it one day.
He strongly believes in God.
He strongly cried out asking for help.
He strongly persisted in arguing his opinion.
He strove mightily to overcome his addiction to heroin.
He strove to live a virtuous life.
He struck Mary in the face.
He struck Mina.
He struck Tom in the mouth.
He struck a heavy blow to my face.
He struck a match and lit the candles.
He struck a match on his boot and held it up against the wall.
He struck a match, but quickly put it out.
He struck a match.
He struck a spark from the flint.
He struck at me with a stick.
He struck her.
He struck him across the face with the full weight of his hand.
He struck his fist on the table.
He struck his wife.
He struck me a blow on the face.
He struck me a heavy blow in the face.
He struck me in a passion.
He struck me in the face with his fist.
He struck out.
He struck the monster.
He struck the wall with his fist.
He struck up a conversation with her.
He struck up friendships with the most unlikely people.
He struggled for twenty years to learn Berber.
He struggled through a lot.
He struggled to climb to the top.
He struggled to deal with her continual criticism of him.
He struggled to free himself.
He struggled to keep his composure.
He struggled to keep his eyes open.
He struggled to keep up with her.
He struggled to keep up with his classmates.
He struggled to pay his bills.
He struggled to recall the details.
He struggled to stand up.
He struggled to talk.
He struggled with that learning disability for years.
He struggled with the door-stud, but the door refused to open.
He struggled.
He struggles to control his anger.
He struggles to follow even simple recipes.
He struggles to pay his bills.
He struggles with accepting diversity.
He struggles with feelings of inadequacy regarding his penis.
He strummed his guitar.
He strung a rope between the two trees.
He struts downtown with his proud face.
He stubbed his toe.
He stubbed out his cigar in the ashtray and stood up to leave.
He stubbornly ignored his friends.
He stubbornly persisted in his opinion.
He stuck a flower in his buttonhole.
He stuck a knife in her heart.
He stuck a meatball with his fork.
He stuck a pencil behind his ear.
He stuck a stamp on the envelope.
He stuck a straw into an anthill.
He stuck around.
He stuck by me.
He stuck his face in her boobs.
He stuck his finger into the soft cake.
He stuck his fingers in his ears.
He stuck his hand in his pocket and felt for his wallet.
He stuck his hand into the hornets' nest.
He stuck his hand into the pouch, and felt around for one of the stones.
He stuck his hands in his pockets.
He stuck his head in the sand like an ostrich.
He stuck his head out the window.
He stuck his head round the door.
He stuck his knife into the tree.
He stuck his neck out for that idea, and now he's getting all the blame.
He stuck his neck out for that idea, and now he’s getting all the blame.
He stuck his nose where it didn't belong.
He stuck his pencil behind his ear.
He stuck his tongue out at her.
He stuck his tongue out.
He stuck it out.
He stuck me with debts of 1,000,000 yen.
He stuck out his tongue at her.
He stuck out his tongue at his teacher.
He stuck out his tongue.
He stuck the book in his bag.
He stuck the broken pieces together.
He stuck the notice on the board with tacks.
He stuck to his beliefs and accomplished a difficult task.
He stuck to his job.
He stuck to his opinion though I told him not to.
He stuck to his opinion.
He stuck to his principle.
He stuck to his promise.
He stuck to the original plan.
He stuck to the plan.
He stuck to the rules.
He stuck with his own theory.
He studied Banking in London.
He studied Berber and history.
He studied Berber for a long time.
He studied Berber for four years and a half.
He studied Berber for four years in a public school.
He studied Berber for four years.
He studied Berber grammar.
He studied Berber in college.
He studied Berber in school.
He studied Berber literature and history.
He studied Berber morphology.
He studied Berber when he went to Algeria.
He studied Berber.
He studied Chinese in Beijing.
He studied English and afterwards math.
He studied English and then math.
He studied English hard.
He studied English history.
He studied English yesterday.
He studied French with her.
He studied Islam in Africa.
He studied Islam in Algeria.
He studied Islam in Bejaia, Algeria.
He studied Islam in Bejaia.
He studied Islam in college.
He studied Islamic philosophy.
He studied Islamic terminology.
He studied Japanese eagerly.
He studied Judaism.
He studied Muslim Spain.
He studied a few years.
He studied a scientific subject at university.
He studied abroad.
He studied after dinner.
He studied all night long.
He studied all night on the eve of the exam.
He studied all night.
He studied all the harder for being praised by his teacher.
He studied and learned more about Islam.
He studied art in Germany.
He studied as hard as anybody in his class.
He studied at Harvard.
He studied at a foreign university.
He studied at an Algerian university.
He studied at high school.
He studied at the school of fine arts.
He studied day and night in aspiration to possibly become a lawyer.
He studied day and night in order to possibly become a lawyer.
He studied day and night so that he might become a lawyer.
He studied day and night with a view to becoming a lawyer.
He studied day and night.
He studied economics at college.
He studied economics at university.
He studied economics in Algeria.
He studied economics in Algiers.
He studied electromechanics and Buddhism at the local university.
He studied for an hour and a half every day.
He studied for one and a half hours every day.
He studied for ten years.
He studied for the Berber language exam.
He studied hard and passed the test.
He studied hard day after day.
He studied hard for fear he should fail.
He studied hard in his youth, and it contributed to his success in later years.
He studied hard in order to get into college.
He studied hard in order to pass the examination.
He studied hard in order to pass the test.
He studied hard only to fail in the exam.
He studied hard so as to pass the examination.
He studied hard so he could get into college.
He studied hard so he wouldn't fail.
He studied hard so that he might enter the university.
He studied hard to become a doctor.
He studied hard to become a scientist.
He studied hard to pass the exam.
He studied hard with a view to being a doctor.
He studied hard with a view to gaining a scholarship.
He studied hard with the intention of passing the examination.
He studied hard, hardly taking time out for lunch.
He studied hard, only to fail in the exam.
He studied hard, which enabled him to pass the exam.
He studied hard.
He studied hard; otherwise he would have failed again.
He studied his Bible.
He studied how birds flew.
He studied in Algeria.
He studied in various Islamic schools.
He studied interior decoration.
He studied interior design.
He studied law at Harvard.
He studied law at Yale University.
He studied many religions, including Islam.
He studied medicine.
He studied military history.
He studied music for a while.
He studied on a scholarship.
He studied on his own account.
He studied on his own.
He studied opera in Vienna.
He studied philosophy and medicine at the university of Béjaia in Kabylia.
He studied physics at Oxford.
He studied political science in Georgia.
He studied really hard for the test.
He studied science.
He studied sociology in Algeria.
He studied ten hours a day on average.
He studied the Berber language.
He studied the Quran at the mosque.
He studied the Quran first.
He studied the Quran from a non-religious perspective.
He studied the Quran.
He studied the basic stuff of Islam.
He studied the czar.
He studied the czarina.
He studied the czarinas.
He studied the czars.
He studied the flight of birds.
He studied the harder because he was praised by his teacher.
He studied the horizon.
He studied the original text of War and Peace.
He studied the pamphlet.
He studied the scientists considered to be the most significant of the 19th century.
He studied the video.
He studied the way birds fly.
He studied to be a doctor.
He studied until two in the morning before the test.
He studied very hard to become a scientist.
He studied very hard.
He studied yesterday.
He studied.
He studies American history.
He studies Arabic contemporary art.
He studies Arabic.
He studies Berber etymology.
He studies Berber.
He studies Chinese as well.
He studies Chinese too.
He studies Chinese, too.
He studies Chinese.
He studies Economics at the university.
He studies English at school.
He studies English every day.
He studies English, but he also studies German.
He studies English, but he's also studying German.
He studies English, but he’s also studying German.
He studies French and web design.
He studies Russian in the university.
He studies Russian.
He studies a lot but makes little progress.
He studies all day and night.
He studies astronomy, or the science of stars.
He studies at a cram school.
He studies at home.
He studies at the library for hours.
He studies at the technical university.
He studies biology very hard.
He studies computational linguistics.
He studies contemporary literature.
He studies day and night.
He studies economics at university.
He studies every day.
He studies geology.
He studies giraffe herds in Ethiopia.
He studies giraffes.
He studies hard every day.
He studies hard to pass the exam.
He studies hard.
He studies harder than any other student does in his class.
He studies hardest of all the students.
He studies here.
He studies his lessons after supper.
He studies history at college.
He studies in a night school for adults.
He studies in his car.
He studies in his cell.
He studies in his room.
He studies in his truck.
He studies in his van.
He studies in primary school.
He studies in the attic.
He studies in the backyard.
He studies in the bathroom.
He studies in the cafeteria.
He studies in the garden.
He studies in the gym.
He studies in the hope of becoming a doctor.
He studies in the kitchen.
He studies in the library.
He studies in the park.
He studies in the sitting room.
He studies math.
He studies mathematics.
He studies maths.
He studies medicine now.
He studies metaphysics.
He studies much harder than before.
He studies music history in his spare time.
He studies on the beach.
He studies on the school bus.
He studies population dynamics.
He studies science in college.
He studies ten hours a day on average.
He studies the Bible.
He studies the novels he received in detail.
He studies very hard.
He studies with a view to becoming a doctor.
He studies with great fervor the life sciences.
He stuffed his laundry into a large bag.
He stuffed the money into his pocket.
He stumbled and dropped his bowl of soup on the floor.
He stumbled but quickly got up on his feet again.
He stumbled on the stump.
He stumbled towards the door and tried to leave.
He stumbles over his words.
He stuttered while trying to answer the question.
He stutters.
He subdued his passions.
He submits to authority.
He submitted his opinion in written form.
He submitted his resignation in protest of the company's policy.
He submitted his resignation in protest of the company’s policy.
He submitted his resignation.
He submitted his written opinion.
He submitted the evidence to the prosecutor.
He subscribed to Time magazine.
He substituted a light for the bell.
He substituted for his father.
He substituted for the injured player.
He substituted injured players.
He substituted the injured player.
He succeeded because he worked hard.
He succeeded by dint of effort.
He succeeded by virtue of diligence.
He succeeded by virtue of his efforts.
He succeeded despite several obstacles.
He succeeded her.
He succeeded his father as president of the company.
He succeeded his father.
He succeeded in applying steam to navigation.
He succeeded in business at the cost of his health.
He succeeded in business.
He succeeded in climbing the mountain.
He succeeded in entering the university.
He succeeded in getting elected.
He succeeded in getting the truth from her.
He succeeded in having his own way.
He succeeded in life fine.
He succeeded in life.
He succeeded in living without huge worries, with a wife and three children.
He succeeded in picking the lock.
He succeeded in solving the problem.
He succeeded in solving the question.
He succeeded in spite of all difficulties.
He succeeded in spite of all the lifetimes.
He succeeded in spite of major difficulties.
He succeeded in spite of major hurdles.
He succeeded in swimming across the river.
He succeeded in the exam by a narrow margin.
He succeeded in the examination at his first attempt.
He succeeded in the examination.
He succeeded in the face of great danger.
He succeeded in the face of great difficulties.
He succeeded in the face of many difficulties.
He succeeded in waking Harry up.
He succeeded on his second try.
He succeeded to his estate.
He succeeded to his father's business.
He succeeded to his father's estate.
He succeeded to his father's large property.
He succeeded to his father's property.
He succeeded to his father’s business.
He succeeded to his father’s estate.
He succeeded to his father’s large property.
He succeeded to his father’s property.
He succeeded to his uncle's fortune.
He succeeded to his uncle’s fortune.
He succeeded to the family business.
He succeeded!
He succeeded, despite the difficulties.
He succeeded, not because he made efforts, but because he happened to be lucky.
He succeeded.
He successfully graduated from medical school.
He successfully passed the exam.
He successfully picked the lock.
He successfully realised his dream.
He successfully smoothed over any problems during the negotiations.
He successively coughed, sneezed, and eructated.
He succumbed to authority.
He sucked my big toe.
He sucked my blood.
He sucked my earlobe.
He suckered me out of ten dollars.
He sucks all the air out of me.
He sucks at driving.
He sucks at math.
He sucks at writing code.
He sucks up to his boss.
He sucks.
He suddenly appeared after a three-year absence.
He suddenly appeared in front of me.
He suddenly became quiet.
He suddenly became very happy.
He suddenly burst into tears during lunch.
He suddenly came out with the truth.
He suddenly changed his attitude.
He suddenly changed his mind.
He suddenly changed the plan.
He suddenly cut into our conversation.
He suddenly died.
He suddenly disappeared from my life.
He suddenly dove into the sea.
He suddenly embraced her.
He suddenly entered the room.
He suddenly fell asleep.
He suddenly fell ill.
He suddenly fell.
He suddenly felt like he was going to faint.
He suddenly felt tired.
He suddenly flew to Quebec without notice.
He suddenly grew older. It had been the yearning of his heart to find something to anchor on, to cling to—for some place which he could call admirable.
He suddenly had a stepbrother living with him.
He suddenly hit on a good idea while he was taking a bath.
He suddenly hung up the phone while I was speaking.
He suddenly jumped.
He suddenly left.
He suddenly missed his watch.
He suddenly moved to London, which surprised everyone.
He suddenly noticed his wallet was missing.
He suddenly pulled away.
He suddenly quit.
He suddenly realized he loved her.
He suddenly realized he was wrong.
He suddenly realized that he loved her.
He suddenly rose from his chair.
He suddenly rose from the chair.
He suddenly screamed.
He suddenly started doing an impression of an announcer and we all cracked up.
He suddenly started writing a letter to his mother.
He suddenly stood up.
He suddenly stopped in his tracks.
He suddenly stopped talking.
He suddenly stopped.
He suddenly tightened his arm around her.
He suddenly took a defiant attitude toward the police officer.
He suddenly took a liking to detective stories.
He suddenly vanished from the face of the earth, and was never again found.
He suddenly walked out of the committee meeting.
He sued Mina.
He sued her.
He sued his neighbor.
He sued the airline.
He suffered a breakdown in the sixtieth kilometer of the race.
He suffered a crankshaft and battery failure.
He suffered a fatal wound.
He suffered a lot.
He suffered a nervous breakdown.
He suffered a thigh bruise and some scratches, but his former teammate and fellow American fractured his collarbone, ending the race for him.
He suffered an industrial injury.
He suffered an insult.
He suffered from a bad accident.
He suffered from a bad cold.
He suffered from an abusive stepfather.
He suffered from an ear infection.
He suffered from health problems.
He suffered from high blood pressure.
He suffered from rheumatism.
He suffered from scurvy.
He suffered from several first-degree burns.
He suffered great losses.
He suffered greatly from the separation.
He suffered injuries.
He suffered internal injuries in the car accident.
He suffered multiple injuries after falling from the fourth floor.
He suffered serious injuries in a car crash.
He suffered terrible pain from his injuries.
He suffers because of me.
He suffers for himself and for me.
He suffers from a chronic disease destined to get progressively worse.
He suffers from a chronically exaggerated opinion of himself. Wherever he goes, he thinks no one can hold a candle to him.
He suffers from a peanut allergy.
He suffers from acute anxiety.
He suffers from agoraphobia.
He suffers from amnesia.
He suffers from anxiety disorders.
He suffers from chronic overestimation of himself. Wherever he goes, he thinks no one can hold a candle to him.
He suffers from claustrophobia.
He suffers from high blood pressure.
He suffers from insomnia.
He suffers from multiple personality disorder.
He suffers from osteoporosis.
He suffers from poor blood circulation to his legs.
He suffers from rickets.
He suffers from sudden fits of coughing.
He suffers from swine flu.
He suffers from the disease.
He suffers from vertigo, he shouldn't climb trees.
He suffers terribly from rheumatism.
He suffocated her with a pillow.
He suffocated, smothered in smoke.
He suggested I go to Boston with her.
He suggested I go with him to the party.
He suggested a plan similar to mine.
He suggested a song of his favorite singer.
He suggested another plan to the committee.
He suggested calling a doctor.
He suggested economic reform.
He suggested everybody go camping in the next summer.
He suggested going out to watch a movie.
He suggested it.
He suggested joint action.
He suggested joint ventures.
He suggested setting off immediately.
He suggested telling them the whole truth.
He suggested that I accompany him to the party.
He suggested that I go to Boston with her.
He suggested that I go to the store with her.
He suggested that I read his book.
He suggested that I write to her at once.
He suggested that a meeting be held as soon as possible.
He suggested that the meeting be put off till Monday.
He suggested that we call her.
He suggested that we go for a swim.
He suggested that we have a farewell party for her.
He suggested that we leave right away before it started to rain.
He suggested that we should put off our departure.
He suggested that we take a short rest.
He suggested the idea to Marie.
He suggested the idea to her.
He suggested to her that she should buy it.
He suggested to me that I should take her there.
He suggested to me that we go to the beach.
He suggested to me that we should go.
He suggested to us that we should go.
He suggested to us that we should stay.
He suggested travelling together for safety, since the area is so dangerous.
He suggested we should start at once.
He suggested we should stop smoking at the meeting.
He suits a ballplayer mentally, too, physically, too.
He suits me just the way he is.
He sulked.
He summarized the text in Berber.
He summoned his parents.
He supervised a few students during detention.
He supervised a group of students during lunch.
He supervised students during recess.
He supplemented his lecture with a booklet.
He supplied food and money to them.
He supported a number of social reforms.
He supported her decision.
He supported her dreams.
He supported her during a difficult exam.
He supported her during her career change.
He supported her through a breakup.
He supported her through a difficult time.
He supported himself with a stick.
He supported the decision.
He supported the idea.
He supports her career goals.
He supports her decision.
He supports her dreams.
He supports her during difficult times.
He supports her during illness.
He supports her during tough times.
He supports her mental health.
He supports her through difficult decisions.
He supports her through tough times.
He supports his family.
He supports his homeland wholeheartedly.
He supports me in all my endeavors.
He supports six people.
He supports the Democratic Party.
He supports the new deal.
He supposed he could always quit the job in the last resort.
He supposed that you would book seats.
He supposes that you will book seats.
He suppressed his anger.
He sure does that well, doesn't he?
He sure had some good ideas.
He sure is full of himself.
He sure knows how to eat.
He sure likes oranges, doesn't he?
He sure made his mark in foreign lands.
He sure was mad.
He surely didn't say that.
He surely lives somewhere in South America.
He surely wasn't alone.
He surfs every day during the summer.
He surmounted the obstacles with great effort.
He surpasses his rivals in all ways.
He surpasses me in age.
He surpasses them all.
He surpasses us in age.
He surprised her with a bouquet of flowers.
He surprised her with a candlelit dinner.
He surprised her with a concert ticket.
He surprised her with a cruise.
He surprised her with a fancy dinner.
He surprised her with a gift.
He surprised her with a helicopter tour.
He surprised her with a hot air balloon ride.
He surprised her with a movie night.
He surprised her with a puppy.
He surprised her with a romantic date.
He surprised her with a romantic dinner.
He surprised her with a spa day.
He surprised her with a spontaneous trip.
He surprised her with a weekend getaway.
He surprised her with a weekend trip.
He surprised her with an Ait Menguellet concert.
He surprised her with breakfast.
He surprised her.
He surprised himself.
He surprised his brother with a gift.
He surprised his father with a gift.
He surprised his girlfriend with a gift.
He surprised his grandfather with a gift.
He surprised his grandmother with a gift.
He surprised his mother with a gift.
He surprised his opponent.
He surprised his sister with a gift.
He surprised his wife with a gift.
He surprised me.
He surprised us.
He surprises her sometimes.
He surprises her with creative date ideas.
He surprises her with gifts.
He surprises her with random acts of kindness.
He surprises her with small gifts.
He surprises her with thoughtful gestures.
He surprises her with thoughtful gifts.
He surrendered of his own accord.
He surrendered.
He surrounded himself by everything Berber in his home.
He surrounded himself with more and more Algerians.
He surrounds himself with like-minded people.
He surveys the population for data.
He survived a flight accident.
He survived a severe heart attack.
He survived an accident last year, but still drives recklessly.
He survived being struck by lightning.
He survived her by only a year and a half.
He survived his injury.
He survived his wife for many years.
He survived his wife.
He survived the accident.
He survived the crash, only to die in the desert.
He survived the crash.
He survived the earlier attack.
He survived the impact of a bomb.
He survived the plane crash.
He survived the third day.
He survived the tornado.
He survived the war.
He survived unharmed.
He survived.
He suspected Mina.
He suspected danger and didn't go near it.
He suspected danger and didn’t go near it.
He suspected it was too late to help her.
He suspects everyone.
He suspects me of telling a lie.
He sustained an injury which will take a month to heal completely.
He swabbed the inside of his cheek with his Q-Tip.
He swaggers whenever he's near women.
He swallowed a coin.
He swallowed a mouthful of bread.
He swallowed a piece of toast because he was starving.
He swallowed detergent by mistake.
He swallowed his anger and went on working.
He swallowed his chewing gum.
He swallowed his pizza.
He swallowed his pride.
He swallowed it whole.
He swallowed tar.
He swallowed the last of his drink.
He swallowed the pills.
He swam across the bay.
He swam across the river.
He swam all day.
He swam for two hours this afternoon.
He swam for two hours.
He swam in his clothes.
He swam in the lake.
He swam in the ocean.
He swam in the rivers, and she bathed in the springs.
He swam in the sea with his brother.
He swam into the cave.
He swam the freezing waters to reach the island.
He swam there.
He swam to that ship.
He swam to the island nearby.
He swam until he could swim no more.
He swam with his son.
He swam with the dolphins.
He swam yesterday.
He swam.
He swears a lot.
He swears by God and lies.
He swears he didn't cry.
He swears he didn't do that.
He swears he saw a dragon.
He swears he won't cry.
He swears he won't do that again.
He swears he won't do that anymore.
He swears he won't do that.
He swears he's innocent.
He swears like a sailor.
He swears like a trooper.
He swears up and down that they're not together.
He sweated.
He sweats a lot.
He sweats when he's stressed.
He swept all the rooms.
He swept at home.
He swept her off her feet and her head hit the ceiling fan.
He swept her off her feet.
He swept his brush across the canvas.
He swept the floor.
He swept to power in 1929.
He swerved the ball around the defender.
He swims better than I do.
He swims every day.
He swims every morning.
He swims here.
He swims in the river.
He swims like a fish.
He swims like an anvil.
He swims very well.
He swims well for his age.
He swims well.
He swims.
He swindled her out of all her savings.
He swindled her.
He swindled him.
He swindled me out of money.
He swiped the ball away from the opponent.
He switched his PC for a laptop.
He switched off his light.
He switched off the computer.
He switched on the lights.
He switched on the television.
He switched on the telly.
He switched schools last year.
He switched seats with me. He couldn't stand to be by the aisle.
He switched the computer off.
He switched the tapes.
He switched to the middle lane.
He switches fast between tasks.
He swore at me.
He swore by God that he did not steal that thing.
He swore by all the saints.
He swore he didn't cry.
He swore he didn't do that.
He swore he had photographic memory, despite the fact he couldn't remember what he ate last night for dinner.
He swore he was innocent.
He swore he would take revenge in a terrible way.
He swore he wouldn't do that again.
He swore he wouldn't do that today.
He swore he wouldn't do that.
He swore he wouldn't ever do that.
He swore he wouldn't leave early.
He swore he wouldn't tell her.
He swore he'd do that today.
He swore he'd do that.
He swore he'd kill her.
He swore he'd never cry.
He swore he'd never do that again.
He swore he'd never do that.
He swore he'd never hit me again.
He swore he'd wait.
He swore he'd win.
He swore his undying love to her.
He swore like a madman and jabbed at me with an oar, for he must have seen death in my eyes.
He swore like a madman and jabbed at me with an oar, for he must have seen death in my eyes. I got past it and got one in with my stick that crushed his head like an egg.
He swore never to trust her again.
He swore that he ate at least twice as much as his wife.
He swore that he would no longer drink.
He swore that he'd never do that.
He swore that he'd never done that.
He swore that he'd quit smoking.
He swore that if he ever found the rapier, he would kill the person right away on whom he found it.
He swore to avenge Tom's death.
He swore to her that he wasn't the one who stole her necklace.
He swore to me by God that he told the truth.
He swore to quit smoking.
He swore, but a little late, that he will no more be mistaken!
He swore, but a little late, that he would not be caught again!
He swore.
He swum back to the shore.
He swung the bat and connected with the ball.
He swung the bat but missed the ball.
He swung the bat with all his strength.
He swung the bat with determination and strength.
He swung the bat with great force.
He swung the bat, hoping for a home run.
He swung the bat, trying to hit a curveball.
He sympathized with her.
He sympathized with, albeit his sceptic spirit could not quite fraternize with, the sensitive vibrating nature of Molière, that brought, along with acutest enjoyment, the keenest suffering.
He sympathized.
He tacked the thief to the ground.
He tackled a guy with a gun.
He tagged along.
He tagged the location of the accident on the map.
He tagged the location on the map.
He takes Berber classes here.
He takes French leave.
He takes a bath at least three times a week.
He takes a bath each morning.
He takes a bath every evening after dinner.
He takes a bath every morning.
He takes a bath only once a month.
He takes a break every fifteen minutes.
He takes a bucket of tar.
He takes a bus to his office.
He takes a certain pleasure in humiliating others.
He takes a cup of coffee before going to work.
He takes a group of students to Spain every summer.
He takes a pen with him wherever he goes.
He takes a pill with vitamins and minerals every day.
He takes a plate out of the kitchen cupboard.
He takes a shower as many as ten times a day.
He takes a shower every morning before breakfast.
He takes a walk every morning.
He takes a wife, he leaves her.
He takes after his father.
He takes after his mother.
He takes after his uncle Youba.
He takes bağlama lessons three times a week.
He takes care of chicken farming.
He takes care of her, and she takes care of him. They take care of each other.
He takes care of her.
He takes care of himself.
He takes care of his appearance.
He takes care of his possessions.
He takes creative risks with confidence.
He takes drugs.
He takes every opportunity to belittle you.
He takes everything as an occasion to make jokes.
He takes everything lightly.
He takes everything seriously.
He takes forever to get to the point.
He takes good care of Mary.
He takes good care of her.
He takes good care of himself.
He takes good care of his car.
He takes good care of his horse.
He takes good care of his wife.
He takes good care of the birds.
He takes great care in his appearance.
He takes great pride in the fact that he can speak Berber.
He takes her on road trips.
He takes her on weekend getaways.
He takes her to his office and they start talking about love.
He takes her to sporting events.
He takes himself awfully seriously.
He takes himself far too seriously.
He takes himself for I don't know who ...
He takes himself too seriously.
He takes himself very seriously.
He takes himself way too seriously.
He takes his camera wherever he goes.
He takes his camera with him wherever he goes.
He takes his city's subway system to and from school.
He takes his dog for a walk everyday.
He takes his job seriously.
He takes his job very seriously.
He takes his plushie with him everywhere.
He takes his time when he works.
He takes his time.
He takes honey instead of sugar.
He takes it out on his subordinates.
He takes it upon himself.
He takes me away from here.
He takes medicine.
He takes most, if not all of the important decisions for his company.
He takes obvious pleasure in his own eloquence.
He takes offense over the slightest thing.
He takes on himself to direct the Almighty what to do, even in the government of the universe.
He takes out his frustrations on his wife.
He takes out his insecurities on others.
He takes out the fun of each life situation he is in.
He takes pictures of celebrities.
He takes pleasure from long walks in the woods.
He takes pleasure in eating in the open air.
He takes pleasure in it.
He takes pride in being punctual.
He takes pride in his son.
He takes pride in his work.
He takes revenge.
He takes shortcuts.
He takes singing lessons at a school of music.
He takes snapshots. He doesn't ask people to pose.
He takes steroids.
He takes the attitude that resistance is a waste of energy.
He takes the bus to work?
He takes the initiative in helping his mother do the housework.
He takes the matter seriously.
He takes the nuts from the fire with the dog's foot.
He takes the purple pill so he doesn't feel bored.
He takes the subway to his work.
He takes the subway to work.
He takes the train unaccompanied.
He takes the train.
He takes the tube to work.
He takes the underground to work.
He takes this bus to work every day.
He takes very good care of his car.
He takes very good care of his guests.
He takes vitamins.
He takes wrong roads.
He talked Skura into donating some money.
He talked a lot about Berber.
He talked a lot.
He talked about Islam.
He talked about Mina.
He talked about all those stupid stereotypes about Islam.
He talked about ending the war in Korea.
He talked about her behind her back.
He talked about her illness.
He talked about her.
He talked about himself.
He talked about his expectations.
He talked about his experiences.
He talked about his family.
He talked about his father.
He talked about his ghost experience in that house.
He talked about his house.
He talked about his job.
He talked about his school.
He talked about his trip.
He talked about how much he loved her.
He talked about it in his work.
He talked about it in the car.
He talked about music.
He talked about romantic movies.
He talked about school.
He talked about stealing.
He talked about that.
He talked about the Quran all the time.
He talked about the crime.
He talked about the wedding.
He talked and talked.
He talked as if he knew everything.
He talked for an entire hour.
He talked for three hours non-stop. He's unbearable.
He talked her into quitting her job.
He talked her out of it.
He talked her out of quitting her job.
He talked his daughter out of marrying Tom.
He talked his girlfriend into doing that.
He talked his girlfriend into that.
He talked in his sleep.
He talked long and hard about his experiences overseas.
He talked me into it.
He talked my ear off ad nauseam.
He talked of her kindness and humility.
He talked to Skura Monday afternoon.
He talked to a high official of the Treasury Department.
He talked to her about her eyes, how that they were beautiful dark-blue seas, and that thoughts and feelings floated like mermaids therein; and he spoke of her brow, how that it was a fair snowy mountain, and many other such like things he told her.
He talked to her about things he usually kept to himself.
He talked to her to show off his Berber skills.
He talked to her when he met her on the street.
He talked to himself as he did the dishes.
He talked to himself as he washed the dishes.
He talked to himself as he watered the plants.
He talked to himself.
He talked to me about her.
He talked to me about his plans.
He talked to me every day.
He talked to me half an hour ago.
He talked to me on the street.
He talked to me.
He talked to some people from Algeria.
He talked to the chairman.
He talked to the chairperson.
He talked to the imam.
He talked to the prosecutor.
He talked too much and let the secret slip.
He talked with his eyes shining.
He talked.
He talks a lot about Germany.
He talks a lot about her father.
He talks a lot about his father.
He talks a lot about redistributing wealth, but he's not willing to do it with his own.
He talks a lot because that's how he is.
He talks a lot, but does nothing.
He talks a lot.
He talks about Algeria.
He talks about Islam a lot.
He talks about Islam all the time.
He talks about Prophet Muhammad all the time.
He talks about her a lot.
He talks about her too much.
He talks about his Muslim faith.
He talks about it mockingly.
He talks about love and he thinks about me.
He talks about our chemistry often.
He talks about that all the time.
He talks about that game all the time.
He talks about the Quran all the time.
He talks about this one again.
He talks about you all the time.
He talks all day in Berber.
He talks all the time.
He talks and jokes with everyone.
He talks as if he knew everything under the sun.
He talks as if he knew everything.
He talks as if he knew the secret.
He talks as if he knows everything.
He talks as if he were a teacher.
He talks as if he were an old man.
He talks as if he were rich.
He talks as if he's seen her.
He talks as though he knew everything.
He talks big but he's never done half the things that he said he has.
He talks big but he’s never done half the things that he said he has.
He talks endlessly.
He talks fast.
He talks funny.
He talks in his sleep.
He talks like a broken record.
He talks like an old man.
He talks like he knows everything.
He talks like he's already read the book.
He talks like he’d already read the book.
He talks like someone who's only been exposed to the language in books.
He talks loud.
He talks loudly without stopping.
He talks quite a lot, doesn't he?
He talks shit about me behind my back.
He talks to himself, I think that he's gone crazy.
He talks to himself.
He talks to his cat in Berber.
He talks to his dog in Berber.
He talks to his mother all the time.
He talks to me a lot.
He talks to me, I seethe inside.
He talks to plants.
He talks to the imam every Friday.
He talks to them a lot about Islam.
He talks too fast.
He talks too much, but when it comes to action nothing is done.
He talks too much.
He talks too obliquely like a Chinese.
He talks tough.
He talks very cheerfully.
He talks well.
He talks with so much nerve.
He talks with the quiet man. Don't you think he's a little bald on top?
He talks with the quiet man. Don’t you think he’s a little bald on top?
He talks without stopping.
He talks your ear off.
He tallied all of them.
He tallied them individually.
He tampered with the brakes of my car.
He taped my mouth.
He taped the party.
He tapered off to one cigarette a day.
He tapped his fingers impatiently.
He tapped his fingers on his desk.
He tapped his foot nervously.
He tapped his foot on the floor.
He tapped his foot to the rhythm.
He tapped me on the shoulder.
He tapped my face.
He tapped the ball gently with the bat.
He tapped the ball off for Rivaldo on his right, who scored the equalizer.
He tapped the tip of his cock on my lips.
He tasered her.
He tasted a drop of coffee.
He tasted a fig.
He tasted a piece of cake.
He tasted the butter.
He tasted the cheesecake.
He tasted the honey.
He tasted the kale.
He taught Berber in Algeria.
He taught Berber in Canada.
He taught Berber linguistics in Algeria.
He taught Berber until he died.
He taught Berber.
He taught English for two years in Serbia.
He taught English in Serbia for two years.
He taught French to his children.
He taught French to his friends.
He taught Islamic history.
He taught Turkish.
He taught a group of Indian boys.
He taught acting.
He taught contemplation as a means of spiritual purification and the attainment of the Dao, a principle that signifies the highest spiritual ideals of mankind.
He taught for twenty years.
He taught her Berber.
He taught her how to dance.
He taught her how to defend herself.
He taught her how to swear in Berber.
He taught her some crazy stuff about Islam.
He taught him Berber.
He taught him how to defend himself.
He taught himself Berber.
He taught himself French.
He taught himself how to do that.
He taught himself how to ski.
He taught himself to play the piano.
He taught himself to ski.
He taught his children French.
He taught his children Russian.
He taught his dog some clever tricks.
He taught his dog some tricks.
He taught his native language.
He taught his nephew some Italian songs.
He taught his son how to swim.
He taught his sons Russian.
He taught his sons how to carve wood.
He taught his students how we all depend on each other.
He taught his students how we were all dependent on each other.
He taught history at school.
He taught history at the school.
He taught in Algeria for some time.
He taught me Berber.
He taught me Islam.
He taught me Turkish.
He taught me a lot about Islam.
He taught me a lot of things about the Quran.
He taught me a word.
He taught me courage, determination and love.
He taught me courage.
He taught me determination.
He taught me everything I know.
He taught me history.
He taught me how the machine operated.
He taught me how to bake cakes.
He taught me how to drive.
He taught me how to make wudu.
He taught me how to play chess.
He taught me how to spell the word.
He taught me how to swim.
He taught me how to write a poem.
He taught me how to write.
He taught me more about Islam.
He taught me most of the things I know.
He taught me to swim.
He taught me wrong things about Islam.
He taught me.
He taught the Quran to the blind.
He taught the children Russian.
He taught the children Spanish.
He taught the dog news tricks.
He taught the history lesson online.
He taught the refugees easy words in English.
He taught them Algerian history.
He taught them how to sail ships.
He taught them the importance of community service.
He taught us Berber vocabulary.
He taught us Berber.
He taught us English.
He taught us basic Berber.
He taught us how to read Berber.
He taught us how to write Berber.
He taught us how to write paragraphs in Berber.
He taught us love.
He taught us that Columbus discovered America.
He taught us the Berber alphabet.
He taught with patience.
He taught you everything.
He taunted me, but I didn't take the bait.
He taxed beard wearers.
He taxed me with neglect of duty.
He teachers Berber to foreigners.
He teaches Algerian history in America.
He teaches Arabic in the US.
He teaches Arabic in the United States.
He teaches Arabic.
He teaches Berber at a middle school.
He teaches Berber at the Tizi-Ouzou University.
He teaches Berber at the university of Bejaia.
He teaches Berber classes.
He teaches Berber conjugation.
He teaches Berber for free.
He teaches Berber grammar.
He teaches Berber in Algiers.
He teaches Berber linguistics.
He teaches Berber on TV.
He teaches Berber on weekends.
He teaches Berber sometimes.
He teaches Berber to adults.
He teaches Berber to imams from all over Algeria.
He teaches Berber to imams.
He teaches Berber vocabulary.
He teaches Berber.
He teaches English at a middle school.
He teaches English grammar at a high school.
He teaches English to his friend.
He teaches English to his friends.
He teaches English to refugees.
He teaches English.
He teaches French in New York.
He teaches French to his friends.
He teaches Islam.
He teaches Islamic sciences.
He teaches Islamic sharia law.
He teaches Muslim students.
He teaches Spanish to children.
He teaches a class with a conspicuous number of rebellious and unruly pupils.
He teaches about Islam.
He teaches arts and crafts in a school.
He teaches both maths and English.
He teaches drumming to teenagers.
He teaches her Berber.
He teaches her new skills.
He teaches her new things.
He teaches her to cook new recipes.
He teaches her to drive.
He teaches her to meditate.
He teaches her to play different musical instruments.
He teaches his children how to hurt others.
He teaches his friends English.
He teaches his friends French.
He teaches in a girls' high school.
He teaches in a girls’ high school.
He teaches literature in college.
He teaches math and English.
He teaches math.
He teaches mathematics as well as English.
He teaches mathematics in Berber.
He teaches maths and English.
He teaches maths as well as English.
He teaches me English.
He teaches music theory to beginners.
He teaches primary school children.
He teaches songwriting workshops.
He teaches the Berber language to imams from all over Algeria.
He teaches the Berber language to imams.
He teaches the Quran at the mosque.
He teaches the Quran in the mosque.
He teaches the students something.
He teaches them how to speak Japanese.
He teaches us English.
He teaches us history.
He teaches yoga.
He teaches.
He tears up the paper.
He teased her a little.
He teased her and she teased him back.
He teased her.
He teased me about it.
He teased us without end.
He teases me all the time.
He telegraphed me his congratulations.
He telephoned Skura again and again.
He telephoned her when he arrived at the station.
He telephoned me again and again.
He telephoned me at home furious.
He teleported.
He tells a good joke.
He tells a lie.
He tells a new lie to cover up those that came before.
He tells a story.
He tells dirty jokes even to children.
He tells dirty jokes to children.
He tells everyone his dad is an aviator.
He tells good jokes.
He tells her he loves her every time he leaves for work.
He tells himself.
He tells indecent jokes to the children.
He tells jokes.
He tells lies from sun-up to sun-down.
He tells me stories that make me laugh endlessly.
He tells me you're his assistant.
He tells me, "Danger!"
He tells me, my dear Gertrude, he hath found the head and source of all your son’s distemper.
He tells us not to buy the shirt.
He tells us secrets.
He tells us strange stories.
He tells us to worship Allah and Allah alone and not to worship anything along with Him.
He tells us what makes him laugh.
He tells very boring stories.
He tells you so to convince you it's a good idea.
He tempted her.
He tended to be lenient toward the children.
He tended to overrate himself.
He tended to the flock of sheep.
He tendered a purse with some gold in it to the soi-disant captain.
He tendered his resignation June 23, the day after the story was published online, and Obama accepted the resignation later that day.
He tendered his resignation.
He tenderly embraced him.
He tends not to show his feelings.
He tends to ask a lot of questions.
He tends to be arrogant.
He tends to be idle.
He tends to be late for meetings.
He tends to be late.
He tends to be lazy.
He tends to bend the truth more often than not.
He tends to bore people with his stories, which are notorious throughout the city.
He tends to choose black for his outfits.
He tends to consider things too much earnestly.
He tends to do everything to excess.
He tends to exaggerate.
He tends to forget his umbrella on the train.
He tends to get angry if you ask a lot of questions.
He tends to get angry over trifles.
He tends to get angry when he does not have his own way.
He tends to get angry when he doesn't have his own way.
He tends to get angry when he doesn’t have his own way.
He tends to get angry when people oppose him.
He tends to get upset over nothing.
He tends to isolate himself.
He tends to lie.
He tends to place more stress on society in general than on individual.
He tends to shy away from anything that involves public speaking.
He tends to shy away from holding hands.
He tends to skip school.
He tends to take sides with the weaker party.
He tends to take the lead in talks.
He tends to talk too much.
He tends to tell lies.
He tends to think of everything in terms of money.
He tends to use abstract language.
He tensed up.
He tentatively broke the ice.
He terrified her.
He terrified him.
He tested all the equipment.
He testified against Linda.
He testified against her.
He testified in court to the fact that his father committed the crime.
He testified in his own defense.
He testified that no money changed hands at the meeting.
He testified that the wire-tapping was carried out at the behest of his superiors.
He testified.
He tests engines every day.
He tests the hypothesis rigorously.
He texted Silya.
He texted Skura back.
He texted a friend.
He texted back.
He texted her again.
He texted her all the time.
He texted her in Berber.
He texted her to let her know that he had arrived in Boston.
He texted her to let her know that he was going to be late.
He texted her to say he was there already.
He texted her to tell her he was sorry.
He texted her to tell her that he was sorry.
He texted her.
He texted me as soon as he arrived in London.
He texted me from Algiers.
He texted me in Berber.
He texted me, completely out of the blue.
He texted me.
He texts her all the time.
He texts his fiancee in Berber.
He texts his friends in Berber.
He texts in Berber.
He texts me all the time.
He thanked Emma for the ride.
He thanked Mia for the dinner.
He thanked Mina profusely.
He thanked Nuja.
He thanked Skura for the book.
He thanked Tom for the present.
He thanked her for all her help.
He thanked her for helping him decorate his house.
He thanked her for her advice.
He thanked her for her gift.
He thanked her for her help.
He thanked her for her kind help.
He thanked her for her support.
He thanked her for her time.
He thanked her very politely and quickly left.
He thanked her very politely, and hurried off.
He thanked her.
He thanked his host for a most enjoyable party.
He thanked me for coming.
He thanked me for helping him.
He thanked me for hiring him.
He thanked me for rescuing him.
He thanked me for the gift.
He thanked me for warning him.
He thanked me with his eyes.
He thanked me.
He thanked the Lord for that.
He thanked the host for the very enjoyable party.
He thanked the massage therapist and left the clinic feeling ready to play golf again.
He thanked the truck driver for the ride.
He thanked them all.
He thanked us all.
He thanks his father.
He thanks me for my help.
He that buys what he does not want, must often sell what he does want.
He that came forth first was red, and hairy like a skin: and his name was called Esau.
He that cannot ask cannot live.
He that cannot obey, cannot command.
He that curseth his father or mother, shall die the death.
He that dies pays all debts.
He that falls in love with himself will have no rivals.
He that feared the word of the Lord among Pharaoh's servants, made his servants and his cattle flee into houses. But he that regarded not the word of the Lord, left his servants, and his cattle in the fields.
He that fights and runs away may live to fight another day.
He that hath ears to hear, let him hear.
He that hears much and speaks not at all shall be welcome both in bower and hall.
He that increases knowledge increases sorrows.
He that is born in the house, as well as the bought servant, shall be circumcised, and my covenant shall be in your flesh for a perpetual covenant.
He that is discontented in one place will seldom be content in another.
He that is discontented in one place will seldom be happy in another.
He that is giddy thinks the world turns round.
He that is master of himself, will soon be master of others.
He that is of the opinion money will do everything may well be suspected of doing everything for money.
He that is without sin among you, let him first cast a stone at her.
He that knows little often repeats it.
He that knows nothing, doubts nothing.
He that marries for wealth sells his liberty.
He that praises himself, spatters himself.
He that shall steal a man, and sell him, being convicted of the guilt, shall be put to death.
He that sows the wind shall reap prickles.
He that stays in the valley shall never get over the hill.
He that striketh a man with a will to kill him, shall be put to death.
He that striketh his bondman, or bondwoman, with a rod, and they die under his hands, shall be guilty of the crime.
He that striketh his father or mother, shall be put to death.
He that sups with the devil must have a long spoon.
He that talks much, errs much.
He that thinks little, errs much.
He that will eat the kernel, must crack the nut.
He that will lie will steal.
He that will lie, will steal.
He that will steal an egg will steal an ox.
He that will thrive must ask leave of his wife.
He that would govern others, first should be master of himself.
He then abandons his dream and continues on his way.
He then added, "I tell you the truth..."
He then bound his son, and took up his sword, in order to sacrifice him in the ancient manner.
He then covered himself with entrenchments and abattis, and was thus enabled to charge the enemy’s columns whenever they debouched from the bridge, and to beat them in detail.
He then crossed a court paved with marble, went up the stairs, and came into the guard chamber, where guards were standing in their ranks, with their muskets upon their shoulders, and snoring with all their might.
He then decided to try the effect of hypnotizing her, for, as all psychopathologists are aware, hypnotism, when it is possible to use it, is an unrivaled agency for recovering lost memories.
He then hung up.
He then indulged a passion for East Asia, walking across China and writing about that experience as well.
He then named the place Dominus videt, that is, 'God sees', and yet said so, In monte Dominus videbit, that is, 'God sees on the mountain'.
He then ordered that I move his body to Virginia and that he be laid in an open coffin in a tomb.
He then proceeds to introduce his illustrious interlocutors, and leads them at first to discourse on the astronomical laws that regulate the revolutions of our planet.
He then seated himself again, and waited.
He then went to Algeria.
He theorizes about political systems.
He thew eggs at the mayor.
He thinks I don't know anything about it, but, in reality, I know everything.
He thinks I don't know what he did.
He thinks I love her.
He thinks I love him.
He thinks I should be done with it.
He thinks I should help him.
He thinks I'm a slut.
He thinks I'm in love with her.
He thinks I'm in love with him.
He thinks I'm jealous.
He thinks a lot about his father.
He thinks about Thomas every day.
He thinks about cocks all the time.
He thinks about her next trip.
He thinks about his next trip.
He thinks about making a career.
He thinks about you all the time.
He thinks critically about every choice.
He thinks cross stitch is for girls only.
He thinks everyone else believes him.
He thinks everyone is like him, or even worse.
He thinks fast.
He thinks he can divide and conquer.
He thinks he can do it.
He thinks he can do that again.
He thinks he can do that.
He thinks he can get cancer from vinyl records.
He thinks he can get rid of his cold if he takes this medicine.
He thinks he can never make a mistake.
He thinks he can probably do that.
He thinks he can probably win.
He thinks he can prove it.
He thinks he can save the world.
He thinks he can sing.
He thinks he can swindle me like that : he can mourn it!
He thinks he can trust her.
He thinks he can win.
He thinks he could do that.
He thinks he could probably win.
He thinks he could win.
He thinks he did really well on his Berber test.
He thinks he got a bargain.
He thinks he got a good bargain.
He thinks he got a good price.
He thinks he has a strong understanding of women.
He thinks he has found the answer.
He thinks he has the flu.
He thinks he has to help her.
He thinks he hears something.
He thinks he is a failure so he drinks.
He thinks he is an Edison.
He thinks he is fit for the position.
He thinks he is somebody, but actually he is nobody.
He thinks he is somebody, but really he is nobody.
He thinks he is something of a painter.
He thinks he is the bee's knees.
He thinks he is the leader of the party.
He thinks he knows best.
He thinks he knows everything but, as a matter of face, he is very ignorant.
He thinks he knows everything.
He thinks he knows it all.
He thinks he knows more than others.
He thinks he knows the answer.
He thinks he knows what to do.
He thinks he knows what's going on.
He thinks he knows where to find her.
He thinks he knows why.
He thinks he listens to phonk music, but in reality he only listens to a subgenre of phonk, called drift phonk.
He thinks he might have the answer.
He thinks he needs to help her.
He thinks he ought to help her.
He thinks he should do that.
He thinks he should help her.
He thinks he should study French.
He thinks he shouldn't do that.
He thinks he understands women.
He thinks he'll die soon.
He thinks he'll get straight A's.
He thinks he's God's gift to women.
He thinks he's Spock.
He thinks he's Tom. The problem for him is that he actually is.
He thinks he's a big shot.
He thinks he's a genius.
He thinks he's a god.
He thinks he's a good cook.
He thinks he's a good driver.
He thinks he's a good person.
He thinks he's a good singer.
He thinks he's a real hotshot.
He thinks he's above the law.
He thinks he's always right, no matter the situation.
He thinks he's always right.
He thinks he's an expert.
He thinks he's becoming deaf because he doesn't hear people talking about him anymore.
He thinks he's being reasonable.
He thinks he's being shadowed by a private detective.
He thinks he's better than her.
He thinks he's calling the shots.
He thinks he's doing big things.
He thinks he's done who knows what!
He thinks he's figured it out.
He thinks he's found the answer.
He thinks he's funny.
He thinks he's getting ripped off.
He thinks he's gifted.
He thinks he's giving a soliloquy.
He thinks he's going to be a star.
He thinks he's going to die soon.
He thinks he's good-looking.
He thinks he's hit the nail on the head.
He thinks he's important.
He thinks he's in big trouble.
He thinks he's in love.
He thinks he's infallible.
He thinks he's invincible.
He thinks he's passed the exam.
He thinks he's ready.
He thinks he's related to me.
He thinks he's rich.
He thinks he's smarter than anybody else.
He thinks he's smarter than her.
He thinks he's smarter than me.
He thinks he's so clever.
He thinks he's so great.
He thinks he's so important.
He thinks he's something, but he isn't.
He thinks he's stronger than I am.
He thinks he's stronger than me.
He thinks he's tallest person here.
He thinks he's the only one who knows French.
He thinks he's too good for us.
He thinks he’s God’s gift to women.
He thinks highly of her.
He thinks highly of himself.
He thinks himself a god.
He thinks himself a great poet.
He thinks himself better than other people.
He thinks himself to be somebody.
He thinks his house is haunted.
He thinks his job is pointless.
He thinks his leg is broken.
He thinks his life is boring.
He thinks in terms of his own country.
He thinks it hasn't been proved.
He thinks it impossible for me to climb the mountain alone.
He thinks it will rain tomorrow.
He thinks it'll rain tomorrow.
He thinks it's a waste of time.
He thinks it's completely clear that you're higher on the totem pole.
He thinks it's completely clear that you're higher up in the hierarchy.
He thinks it's safer to drive himself than to let me drive.
He thinks it's unproved.
He thinks it’s safer to drive himself than to let me drive.
He thinks it’s usual.
He thinks me unkind, too.
He thinks nothing of doing it by himself.
He thinks nothing of his illness.
He thinks nothing of poverty.
He thinks nothing of staying up all night.
He thinks of everything in terms of money.
He thinks of everything in terms of profit.
He thinks of him as his father.
He thinks of himself as a man.
He thinks of no one but himself.
He thinks of nothing but himself.
He thinks of nothing but making money.
He thinks old newspapers are still useful.
He thinks only about himself.
He thinks only his possessions have value.
He thinks only of himself.
He thinks only of making money.
He thinks outside the box.
He thinks quite highly of her.
He thinks she can take care of herself.
He thinks she won't do that by herself.
He thinks she'll do that by herself.
He thinks she's a drag queen.
He thinks she's a man pretending to be a woman.
He thinks she's a transgender woman.
He thinks that English sounds abrasive.
He thinks that I am in love with her.
He thinks that I don't know what he did.
He thinks that I don't know what he said about me.
He thinks that I don't know what he said.
He thinks that I love him.
He thinks that I slept with him. He's not that far off from the truth.
He thinks that Muslims are good people.
He thinks that aliens exist.
He thinks that blue is the most beautiful color.
He thinks that blue is the most beautiful colour.
He thinks that dinosaurs and humans co-existed.
He thinks that eating at a restaurant by himself is pathetic.
He thinks that everyone is against him.
He thinks that gays are funny people.
He thinks that he can do that.
He thinks that he can probably win.
He thinks that he can prove it.
He thinks that he can sing.
He thinks that he can win at the casino.
He thinks that he can win.
He thinks that he cannot manage the problem well.
He thinks that he could do that.
He thinks that he could win.
He thinks that he got a bargain.
He thinks that he got a good price.
He thinks that he has the flu.
He thinks that he is a great poet.
He thinks that he knows best.
He thinks that he knows everything.
He thinks that he knows it all.
He thinks that he knows the answer.
He thinks that he knows what to do.
He thinks that he knows why.
He thinks that he should do that.
He thinks that he speaks French better than her.
He thinks that he'll die soon.
He thinks that he's a big shot.
He thinks that he's a genius.
He thinks that he's a good cook.
He thinks that he's a good driver.
He thinks that he's a good person.
He thinks that he's a good singer.
He thinks that he's always right.
He thinks that he's figured it out.
He thinks that he's funny.
He thinks that he's good-looking.
He thinks that he's in big trouble.
He thinks that he's in love.
He thinks that he's infallible.
He thinks that he's invincible.
He thinks that he's ready.
He thinks that he's related to me.
He thinks that he's so clever.
He thinks that he's the center of the universe.
He thinks that he's the centre of the universe.
He thinks that he's the only one who knows how to set traps.
He thinks that his genitals look dainty.
He thinks that his leg is broken.
He thinks that his life is boring.
He thinks that his success is due to luck.
He thinks that life is like a voyage in a sense.
He thinks that only very well trained actors can be really successful.
He thinks that planes are safer than cars.
He thinks that playing board games is old-fashioned now.
He thinks that she will leave.
He thinks that the city's breaking down because of the rapid increase of people.
He thinks that they are eager for glory.
He thinks that they are not sentient beings.
He thinks that was our duty.
He thinks that you need to sleep more.
He thinks that's normal.
He thinks the same about me.
He thinks the same thing.
He thinks the whole world revolves around him.
He thinks the world of her.
He thinks the world of you.
He thinks the world revolves around him.
He thinks the world revolves around himself.
He thinks there's a good chance he'll find her.
He thinks they are too big.
He thinks up funny stories.
He thinks you need more sleep.
He thinks you should sleep more.
He thinks you should talk to her.
He thinks you're a complete idiot.
He thinks you're adorable, but he's too shy to say anything.
He thinks your work is excellent.
He thinks, like that, that he can swindle me: he can mourn it!
He thoroughly checked the entire shop.
He thought Clara and Lee were dating.
He thought I ate his piece of cake.
He thought I hated him.
He thought I knew her.
He thought I was being sarcastic.
He thought I was flirting with him.
He thought I was my brother.
He thought I was stupid.
He thought I'd let him down.
He thought Tom was asleep.
He thought about ending their friendship.
He thought about everything.
He thought about growing a beard, but gave up the idea of growing one.
He thought about it for a long time, then said he was giving up after all.
He thought about it for a moment.
He thought about it.
He thought about life.
He thought about that for a moment.
He thought about the question for a long time.
He thought about what it would be like to kiss her.
He thought again of Christminster, and wished, since he had come two or three miles from his aunt's house on purpose, that he could have seen for once this attractive city of which he had been told.
He thought all Muslims were terrorists.
He thought back to the first trip he and his wife had made together.
He thought better of it.
He thought better of marrying her.
He thought deeply about his future.
He thought for a moment, then left the room.
He thought for a moment.
He thought he could count on her.
He thought he could do it on his own.
He thought he could do that again.
He thought he could do that for me.
He thought he could do that.
He thought he could escape scott free with his erroneous sentence.
He thought he could evade suspicion.
He thought he could get away with his erroneous sentence.
He thought he could get away with murder.
He thought he could get her to like him if he ingratiated himself with her mother.
He thought he could help her.
He thought he could help us.
He thought he could impress her.
He thought he could run away from the cops.
He thought he could take up the challenge, but in the end he just wasn't up to it.
He thought he could win.
He thought he had been rumbled.
He thought he had lost his way.
He thought he had the upper hand, but I turned the tables on him.
He thought he had time.
He thought he had to do that.
He thought he had to help her.
He thought he had to speak French.
He thought he had to study French.
He thought he heard a car backfire.
He thought he heard a dog barking.
He thought he heard a gunshot.
He thought he heard a noise.
He thought he heard a shot.
He thought he heard some gunshots.
He thought he met his match at last.
He thought he might be able to win.
He thought he might do that.
He thought he might win.
He thought he must be mistaken.
He thought he needed to do that.
He thought he needed to help her.
He thought he perceived the black fin of a shark swimming near the surface of the water.
He thought he probably shouldn't go there by himself.
He thought he saw a pattern.
He thought he saw a shadow in front of the window.
He thought he saw ghosts in thick fog.
He thought he should be with her.
He thought he should do that by himself.
He thought he should do that.
He thought he should go to Boston to be with her.
He thought he should go.
He thought he should help her.
He thought he should study French.
He thought he shouldn't do that.
He thought he was Muslim.
He thought he was a cat.
He thought he was a goner when he fell like that!
He thought he was a goner.
He thought he was alone.
He thought he was being cute.
He thought he was dying.
He thought he was escaping us.
He thought he was going to be able to meet her.
He thought he was going to be busy.
He thought he was going to be shot.
He thought he was going to die.
He thought he was going to lose her.
He thought he was going to win.
He thought he was in big trouble.
He thought he was losing his mind.
He thought he was lost.
He thought he was no longer needed.
He thought he was really charming.
He thought he was safe with her.
He thought he was smart, but he didn't realize that he fell in my trap.
He thought he was smarter than her.
He thought he was the only Hawaiian Muslim in the world.
He thought he was up to the challenge but in the end he just couldn't cut the mustard.
He thought he was very lucky.
He thought he would be late.
He thought he would help out.
He thought he would kill himself.
He thought he'd be able to do that.
He thought he'd be able to win.
He thought he'd be safe here.
He thought he'd be safe there.
He thought he'd find another job.
He thought he'd forgotten it.
He thought her very charming.
He thought himself to be somebody.
He thought his house was haunted.
He thought his leg was broken.
He thought his life was in danger.
He thought his parents had died.
He thought his piano would make a good coffin for him.
He thought how foolish he had been.
He thought it foolish of me to go there by bike.
He thought it foolish of me to go to Kyushu by bike.
He thought it impossible to pass the exam.
He thought it over and decided not to go.
He thought it over, and decided not to go.
He thought it through and decided not to drive.
He thought it through and decided not to travel.
He thought it was a very boring topic.
He thought it was hilarious.
He thought it was his last day.
He thought it was stupid.
He thought it would be a good idea to see a doctor.
He thought it would be safe for her to walk home by herself.
He thought it would be wise to accept the offer.
He thought it would impress her.
He thought it would last for him like that.
He thought it wouldn't be safe for her to walk home by herself.
He thought maybe this was a trick.
He thought me very tired.
He thought of a brilliant idea.
He thought of a good idea.
He thought of a good solution.
He thought of a great idea.
He thought of going to the police and complaining.
He thought of growing a beard but gave that up.
He thought of himself as a speck of dust in an immensely vast universe.
He thought of himself as being charming enough.
He thought of his room with its horrible yellow wallpaper, the old bed with its ugly red cover.
He thought of the many ways he could kill her.
He thought of them yearning for fame.
He thought only of her.
He thought she had no value.
He thought she knew why he didn't like her.
He thought she spoke reasonably, so he accepted her suggestion.
He thought she was Algerian.
He thought she was Muslim.
He thought she was in her bedroom.
He thought she was on drugs.
He thought she was wasting her time.
He thought she would leave.
He thought she'd be in her office.
He thought smoking was cool.
He thought someone had put poison in his soup.
He thought someone had slipped poison into his soup.
He thought something had happened to her.
He thought that I knew her.
He thought that I was very tired.
He thought that I'd let him down.
He thought that I'm very tired.
He thought that he could climb the mountain.
He thought that he could do that.
He thought that he could help us.
He thought that he could win.
He thought that he had lost his way.
He thought that he had time.
He thought that he had to do that.
He thought that he heard a gunshot.
He thought that he heard a noise.
He thought that he heard a shot.
He thought that he might do that.
He thought that he might win.
He thought that he needed a new direction in life.
He thought that he saw a pattern.
He thought that he should do that.
He thought that he should go to Boston to be with her.
He thought that he should go.
He thought that he was a cat.
He thought that he was a genius.
He thought that he was a goner.
He thought that he was alone.
He thought that he was being cute.
He thought that he was dying.
He thought that he was losing his mind.
He thought that he was very lucky.
He thought that he would be late.
He thought that he would come back to the country.
He thought that he would help out.
He thought that he would write something for the newspaper.
He thought that he'd be safe here.
He thought that he'd be safe there.
He thought that he'd forgotten it.
He thought that his leg was broken.
He thought that his wife had an affair with his best friend.
He thought that it was like a bird cage.
He thought that it would be interesting and fun.
He thought that perhaps it was time for some physical activity.
He thought that she might try to kill herself.
He thought that she wanted him to kiss her, but he wasn't sure, so he didn't.
He thought that there was no point in studying further in this field.
He thought that you knew her.
He thought the book he bought only cost 10 dollars, but the seller charged an additional 20 dollars for postage and packing.
He thought the matter over for three days.
He thought the whole thing a bad joke.
He thought this was a bad idea.
He thought to himself, "No!" Aloud he said, "Yes."
He thought to himself: "What happened?"
He thought up a new idea.
He thought up a new prank to play on his neighbour.
He thought up an excuse.
He thought wrong.
He thought you knew Tom.
He thought you knew her.
He thought you wouldn't do it.
He thought, If I don't study hard, how can I be worthy of my countrymen?
He thought, and very wisely, that it was best to do so.
He thoughtfully gave me a helping hand.
He threads his way between the trees... and rushes under the bridge.
He threatened Mary.
He threatened her on the phone.
He threatened her.
He threatened me!
He threatened me, but I didn't get scared.
He threatened me, but I wasn't afraid.
He threatened me, but I wasn't scared.
He threatened me.
He threatened the director.
He threatened them.
He threatened to call security.
He threatened to call the police.
He threatened to cut his balls off.
He threatened to kick my ass.
He threatened to kill her if she wouldn't obey him.
He threatened to kill her.
He threatened to kill himself.
He threatened to kill me.
He threatened to leave her.
He threatened to leave.
He threatened to make it public.
He threatened to punish me if I didn’t behave myself.
He threatened to take everything I own.
He threatened to throw the diamond out the window.
He threatened us with the gun.
He threatened us.
He threshed the grain.
He threw a ball over the fence.
He threw a bottle out the window.
He threw a lot of letters in the bin.
He threw a party and invited everyone he knew.
He threw a party last week.
He threw a party.
He threw a piece of meat to a dog.
He threw a pillow at her.
He threw a punch at the thug.
He threw a rock at the dog.
He threw a rock into the pond.
He threw a rotten egg at her.
He threw a snowball at her.
He threw a snowball at me.
He threw a spanner in the works.
He threw a stick for his dog.
He threw a stone at a dog.
He threw a stone at the big dog.
He threw a stone at the dog.
He threw a stone in the lake.
He threw a stone into the lake.
He threw a stone into the pond.
He threw a tomato at her.
He threw all of his books away.
He threw all sorts of junk in his backyard.
He threw all that stuff.
He threw an egg at her.
He threw an empty beer can at her.
He threw an extraordinary party.
He threw away a bunch of old letters.
He threw away a lot of old letters.
He threw away all her love letters.
He threw away his bath towels.
He threw away his chance of promotion.
He threw away plenty of old letters.
He threw away the race after rounding the third turn.
He threw back his head and laughed.
He threw back his head.
He threw caution to the wind and confessed his feelings.
He threw cold water on what I was doing.
He threw everything out of the boat.
He threw handfuls of jewels to the ground before his girlfriend.
He threw himself down on the ground in pain.
He threw himself fearlessly into the burning flames.
He threw himself in front of a moving train.
He threw himself into his work.
He threw himself into reading.
He threw himself into the battle.
He threw himself off a bridge.
He threw himself on the floor doing push-ups.
He threw himself out the window.
He threw his credit cards into the fire.
He threw his dirty, smelly socks on the floor.
He threw his game.
He threw his hands up into the air and said that he gave up.
He threw his knife at her.
He threw his net on us.
He threw his old notebooks away.
He threw his son a big wedding.
He threw his son out of the house.
He threw his toy at her.
He threw his toy.
He threw in the towel in defeat when his favorite chorus girl married another man.
He threw in the towel.
He threw it too hard.
He threw many letters into the bin.
He threw me an apple.
He threw me on the ground.
He threw me out of the house.
He threw me the apple.
He threw me to the dogs, the wretch!
He threw mud at me and made me dirty.
He threw rocks at her.
He threw stones at the drone.
He threw stones at us.
He threw the Berber book in the bin.
He threw the bad strawberries into the trash.
He threw the bags out of the window.
He threw the ball against the wall.
He threw the ball and I caught it.
He threw the ball back to her.
He threw the ball to first base.
He threw the ball to his friend.
He threw the ball to me.
He threw the ball to them.
He threw the ball.
He threw the banana away.
He threw the bandit off his horse.
He threw the big man down.
He threw the bill out the window.
He threw the book in my face.
He threw the book in the fire.
He threw the books on the ground.
He threw the bouquets away.
He threw the bridle over the fence and strode up the pathway.
He threw the car keys at me from the balcony.
He threw the cigarette butt on the ground.
He threw the cupcakes away.
He threw the dog a piece of meat.
He threw the jacket over his shoulder.
He threw the letter into the fire.
He threw the papers out the window.
He threw the pebble.
He threw the pebbles.
He threw the shoes across the room.
He threw the stolen bike into the bush.
He threw the stolen bike into the bushes.
He threw the stone far away.
He threw the stones far away.
He threw the stones into the well.
He threw them away.
He threw this.
He threw up as much as he had drunk.
He threw up just as much as he had drunk.
He threw up off the balcony all over the bouncer down below.
He threw up.
He threw water on me on the road.
He throws down his arms.
He throws himself headlong into everything he undertakes.
He throws several punches at him in quick succession.
He thrust his hand under the pillow.
He thrust his tongue into my mouth.
He thrust me aside.
He thrust some coins into my pocket.
He thrust the door open and marched in.
He thrust the money into his pocket.
He thumped his hat flat.
He thumped the ball with all his might.
He thus revealed his glory.
He thwarted their plans.
He tickled Nuja.
He tickled her ribs.
He tickled her.
He tickled his little sister until she peed her pants.
He tickles my feet.
He tidied up his room.
He tied a handkerchief around his head.
He tied her hands and feet.
He tied her hands behind her back.
He tied her shoes for her.
He tied her up.
He tied his boat to the dock.
He tied his dog to a post.
He tied his dog to a tree.
He tied his dog to the tree.
He tied his dog up to the tree while he went into the store.
He tied his hands and feet.
He tied his shoelaces.
He tied his shoes.
He tied his son's shoe with a double knot and said, "There, that should do the trick."
He tied his son’s shoe with a double knot and said, "There, that should do the trick."
He tied the boat to the pier before heading home.
He tied the canoe to the top of his car.
He tied the dog to a tree.
He tied the parcel up.
He tied the rope around his waist.
He tied the small branches into a bundle.
He tied the sticks into a bundle.
He tied the twigs into bundles.
He tied the world record for the hundred-meter breast-stroke.
He tied up the dog.
He tied up the parcel.
He tied up the thief.
He ties up the dog.
He tightened his grip on the rope.
He tightened his grip on the steering wheel.
He tightened the saddle on his horse.
He tilted his head sideways.
He tilted his head to the side and smiled.
He tilted his head.
He tilts at windmills.
He timed her in the marathon race.
He timed him during the marathon.
He timidly put up his hand.
He tipped his hat to the sheriff.
He tipped his hat to the stranger.
He tipped his hat.
He tiptoed into the room.
He tiptoed so no one heard him.
He tired easily.
He tires easily.
He toasted the bun for the burger.
He told Laura he found the keys.
He told Mary the whole story.
He told Mary.
He told Mom everything.
He told Mom this morning.
He told Rima he was unconvinced.
He told Silya what he needed.
He told Skura a story.
He told Skura about Ziri's death.
He told VOA on Thursday he had to stop half of his production lines at his company’s factory in Toledo, 55 miles south of Madrid.
He told Vicky that he wanted to go out with her.
He told Viola everything.
He told a bedtime story to his son.
He told a completely unbelievable story.
He told a fascinating story.
He told a friend that he felt very tired and weak.
He told a funny story.
He told a good joke.
He told a joke.
He told a new lie to cover up an old one.
He told a very funny joke.
He told about his experiences.
He told all his friends the news.
He told deliberate lies.
He told everybody at school.
He told everybody he was afraid.
He told everybody he was bored.
He told everybody he was broke.
He told everybody he was cold.
He told everybody he was depressed.
He told everybody he was done.
He told everybody he was exhausted.
He told everybody he was fine.
He told everybody he was jealous.
He told everybody he was lonely.
He told everybody he was nervous.
He told everybody he was pleased.
He told everybody he was prepared.
He told everybody he was ready.
He told everybody he was retired.
He told everybody he was safe.
He told everybody he was scared.
He told everybody he was skeptical.
He told everybody he was sleepy.
He told everybody he was starved.
He told everybody he was thirsty.
He told everybody he was ticklish.
He told everybody he was tired.
He told everybody he was unafraid.
He told everybody he was upset.
He told everybody he was well.
He told everybody that he was cold.
He told everybody that he was done.
He told everybody that he was fine.
He told everybody that he was safe.
He told everybody that he was well.
He told everyone about what he did.
He told everyone he was adopted.
He told everyone he was afraid.
He told everyone he was bored.
He told everyone he was broke.
He told everyone he was cold.
He told everyone he was depressed.
He told everyone he was done.
He told everyone he was exhausted.
He told everyone he was fine.
He told everyone he was interested.
He told everyone he was jealous.
He told everyone he was lonely.
He told everyone he was nervous.
He told everyone he was pleased.
He told everyone he was prepared.
He told everyone he was ready.
He told everyone he was retired.
He told everyone he was safe.
He told everyone he was scared.
He told everyone he was skeptical.
He told everyone he was sleepy.
He told everyone he was starved.
He told everyone he was suspicious.
He told everyone he was thirsty.
He told everyone he was ticklish.
He told everyone he was tired.
He told everyone he was unafraid.
He told everyone he was unemployed.
He told everyone he was upset.
He told everyone he was well.
He told everyone that he was bored.
He told everyone that he was broke.
He told everyone that he was cold.
He told everyone that he was done.
He told everyone that he was fine.
He told everyone that he was ready.
He told everyone that he was safe.
He told everyone that he was tired.
He told everyone that he was upset.
He told everyone that he was well.
He told everyone that we were married.
He told everyone.
He told her a little bit about that.
He told her about his plan.
He told her about storms and calms, about curious fish in the deep, and the marvels seen by divers.
He told her about the dream.
He told her and she smiled.
He told her everything.
He told her firmly to realize how serious her condition was.
He told her he could do that by himself.
He told her he could meet her on Monday.
He told her he despised her.
He told her he didn't like her.
He told her he didn't love her.
He told her he didn't trust her.
He told her he didn't want her to do that anymore.
He told her he didn't want her to go to Boston.
He told her he didn't want her to leave.
He told her he didn't want to help her.
He told her he didn't want to see her again.
He told her he didn't want to see her anymore.
He told her he had to talk to her.
He told her he had written the poem just for her.
He told her he hated her.
He told her he liked her.
He told her he loved her in French.
He told her he loved her.
He told her he needed her help.
He told her he wanted her to stay in Boston with him.
He told her he wanted to marry her.
He told her he was going to give her a car.
He told her he was interested in buying one of her paintings.
He told her he was interested in her.
He told her he wasn't interested in helping her do anything.
He told her he would be ready.
He told her he wouldn't be at her party.
He told her he wouldn't carry her suitcase for her.
He told her he wouldn't ever leave her.
He told her he wouldn't go without her.
He told her he wouldn't leave her.
He told her he wouldn't let her go by herself.
He told her he'd always love her.
He told her he'd help her.
He told her he'd never leave her.
He told her he'd pick her up around 2:30.
He told her he'd teach her French.
He told her he'd visit her in Boston every weekend.
He told her how he felt about her.
He told her how he really felt about her.
He told her how much he loved her.
He told her just three years but her lifeless life sentence started long before.
He told her many lies.
He told her more than he'd expected to tell her.
He told her not to blame herself for what had happened.
He told her not to go out at night by herself.
He told her not to go there by herself.
He told her not to sell her car.
He told her not to waste her time.
He told her not to worry.
He told her she should get her eyes checked.
He told her she was wasting her time.
He told her something and she smiled.
He told her something really personal.
He told her something sweet.
He told her something, and she laughed.
He told her that he could do that by himself.
He told her that he could meet her on Monday.
He told her that he couldn't allow her to do that.
He told her that he couldn't live without her.
He told her that he didn't like her sense of humor.
He told her that he didn't like her.
He told her that he didn't love her.
He told her that he didn't think it was a good idea for her to go jogging in the park by herself.
He told her that he didn't want her to do that anymore.
He told her that he had come from Paris on a matter of life and death, and that he was to speak with her master at once.
He told her that he had feelings for her.
He told her that he had written that poem two years before.
He told her that he had written the poem just for her.
He told her that he hated her.
He told her that he loved her shoes even though he thought they were ugly.
He told her that he loved her.
He told her that he needed her help.
He told her that he thought it wouldn't be good if she went there by herself.
He told her that he thought she shouldn't go there by herself.
He told her that he wanted her help.
He told her that he wanted her to babysit his children.
He told her that he wanted to go to Boston with her.
He told her that he was coming from Paris on a matter of life and death, and that he must speak with her master at once.
He told her that he was glad to see her.
He told her that he was going to give her a car.
He told her that he was going to show her how to do that.
He told her that he was going to show her some old pictures.
He told her that he wouldn't be at her party.
He told her that he'd always love her.
He told her that he'd forgiven her.
He told her that he'd have to do that by himself.
He told her that he'd help her do that.
He told her that he'd help her wash her car.
He told her that he'd help her wash the dishes.
He told her that he'd help her with her homework.
He told her that he'd help her, but he didn't.
He told her that he'd help her.
He told her that he'd kill her.
He told her that her French was good.
He told her that on the bus.
He told her that she should be ashamed of herself.
He told her that she shouldn't go there by herself.
He told her that she was right.
He told her that she was wasting her time.
He told her that straight to her face.
He told her that.
He told her the whole story.
He told her things that melted her heart.
He told her to be quiet.
He told her to behave herself.
He told her to clean her room.
He told her to do it herself.
He told her to do that by herself.
He told her to do that herself.
He told her to enjoy her day off.
He told her to go back to her room.
He told her to go sleep.
He told her to go to bed.
He told her to go to hell.
He told her to go to her room.
He told her to put her toys away.
He told her to stay in the house.
He told her to study.
He told her to wash her car.
He told her to wash her face.
He told her to wash her hands.
He told her what he really thought of her.
He told her where to put her suitcase.
He told her why he couldn't go to her party.
He told her why he needed her help.
He told her why he wanted her to win.
He told her why he was late for her party.
He told her.
He told him about his cats.
He told him about his own project.
He told him everything.
He told him he was adopted with his dying breath.
He told him not to worry.
He told him right to his face.
He told him that he had come from Paris on a matter of life and death, and that he was to speak with his master at once.
He told him that he was coming from Paris on a matter of life and death, and that he must speak with his master at once.
He told him that his visit wasn't welcome.
He told him that it wasn't God who created me.
He told him that she was right.
He told him to do what he wants.
He told him to study.
He told him.
He told himself that he should go.
He told himself that he'd made the right decision.
He told himself that there was no reason to panic.
He told his assistant that he would win.
He told his best friends Tom, Mary, etc. that he has cancer.
He told his brother the story.
He told his children not to make so much noise.
He told his children off at home.
He told his diary that she had come to see him.
He told his friends his secret.
He told his friends that he never ate meat.
He told his kids he was fine.
He told his men not to raze the city.
He told his men they would attack the next night.
He told his mother he would study tomorrow.
He told his mother that he accepted Islam.
He told his mother that he would study the next day.
He told his own story.
He told his parents that he loved them a lot.
He told his parents to invest in crypto when he was 10 years old.
He told his side of the story.
He told his son an interesting story.
He told his son the story about a monster that ate children.
He told his son to behave himself.
He told his son to get down from the ladder.
He told his son to get his ass out of the house and never come back.
He told his sons to help each other after his death.
He told his stories in a very unusual way.
He told his story in tears.
He told his troubles to her.
He told his wife not to buy on impulse.
He told his wife to stop impulsively shopping.
He told it in front of the whole class.
He told me I could use his car.
He told me I could use his room.
He told me I should go to Boston with her.
He told me I shouldn't talk to her.
He told me I was cute.
He told me I was his only friend.
He told me I was like a son to him.
He told me I was pretty.
He told me I was wasting his time.
He told me I was wasting my time.
He told me a completely unbelievable story.
He told me a little secret about her.
He told me a little secret about his mother.
He told me a long story.
He told me a lot about Islam.
He told me a lot about Kyoto as he knew it ten years ago.
He told me a sad story.
He told me a secret that he'd never shared with anybody else.
He told me a story that you can never believe.
He told me about Islam.
He told me about an old school behind a high wall in a dirty street.
He told me about her.
He told me about his dog.
He told me about his misadventure.
He told me about his misfortune.
He told me about his new job.
He told me about his plans.
He told me about his tattoo.
He told me about his trip.
He told me about his wife and her sister.
He told me about it himself.
He told me about it in private.
He told me about it.
He told me about the accident as if he had seen it with his own eyes.
He told me about the accident.
He told me about the change in the plan.
He told me about the introductory part of the translation thesis.
He told me about what happened to her.
He told me about what happened to him.
He told me about what he saw.
He told me about you.
He told me all about his family.
He told me all about the time he broke his ankle when he was a boy.
He told me all the details.
He told me all this very much later, but I've put it down here with the idea of exploding those first wild rumors about his antecedents, which weren't even faintly true.
He told me already.
He told me an evil word.
He told me an interesting story.
He told me an unbelievable story.
He told me earlier two words about his family.
He told me everything.
He told me flat out that I should never do it again.
He told me good things about you.
He told me he appreciated that.
He told me he ate too much.
He told me he ate way too much.
He told me he believed her.
He told me he believed that.
He told me he bought these for you.
He told me he called the police.
He told me he called you.
He told me he came all the way from Boston just to visit her.
He told me he came here yesterday.
He told me he can see ghosts.
He told me he can't come and I was like "Man, don't be an idiot and just come with us."
He told me he can't do that.
He told me he can't eat peanuts.
He told me he can't speak French.
He told me he comes here sometimes.
He told me he could do it.
He told me he could do that.
He told me he could fix it.
He told me he could handle it.
He told me he could help her.
He told me he could help us.
He told me he could take it.
He told me he couldn't breathe.
He told me he couldn't do that by himself.
He told me he couldn't do that.
He told me he couldn't help me.
He told me he couldn't stay long.
He told me he couldn't wait.
He told me he couldn't walk.
He told me he cried.
He told me he did nothing wrong.
He told me he did that already.
He told me he did that for us.
He told me he did that for you.
He told me he did that in 2013.
He told me he did that wrong.
He told me he did that.
He told me he didn't agree.
He told me he didn't cry.
He told me he didn't do it.
He told me he didn't do that.
He told me he didn't eat meat.
He told me he didn't eat pork.
He told me he didn't feel cold.
He told me he didn't feel safe.
He told me he didn't feel well.
He told me he didn't find it.
He told me he didn't get it.
He told me he didn't have a car.
He told me he didn't kiss her.
He told me he didn't know her.
He told me he didn't know.
He told me he didn't like beer.
He told me he didn't like boxing.
He told me he didn't like cats.
He told me he didn't like dogs.
He told me he didn't like fishing.
He told me he didn't like her.
He told me he didn't like spinach.
He told me he didn't like swimming.
He told me he didn't need my help.
He told me he didn't recognize her the last time he saw her.
He told me he didn't see anything.
He told me he didn't see her.
He told me he didn't smoke.
He told me he didn't speak French.
He told me he didn't study French.
He told me he didn't teach French.
He told me he didn't want me here.
He told me he didn't want to win.
He told me he didn't win.
He told me he disagreed.
He told me he doesn't eat meat.
He told me he doesn't eat pork.
He told me he doesn't know her.
He told me he doesn't like her.
He told me he doesn't want that.
He told me he enjoyed it.
He told me he enjoyed the concert.
He told me he enjoyed the drive.
He told me he enjoyed the movie.
He told me he enjoyed the party.
He told me he enjoyed the picnic.
He told me he enjoyed the show.
He told me he enjoyed the view.
He told me he felt bad about that.
He told me he felt better.
He told me he felt cold.
He told me he felt fine.
He told me he felt hot.
He told me he felt hungry.
He told me he felt offended.
He told me he felt safe.
He told me he felt seasick.
He told me he felt sick.
He told me he felt tired.
He told me he felt weak.
He told me he forgot something.
He told me he found a job for me.
He told me he found his keys.
He told me he found something.
He told me he found this in a cave.
He told me he got here early today.
He told me he got there first.
He told me he had a brain tumor.
He told me he had a cold.
He told me he had a headache.
He told me he had a job for me.
He told me he had a knife.
He told me he had a plan.
He told me he had a problem.
He told me he had a surprise waiting for me.
He told me he had found something.
He told me he had no money.
He told me he had no regrets.
He told me he had some work to do.
He told me he had to do that.
He told me he had to go.
He told me he had to leave.
He told me he had to split.
He told me he had to stay home.
He told me he had to walk home.
He told me he had to work late.
He told me he hadn't done that yet.
He told me he hadn't gone shopping with her.
He told me he has just done that.
He told me he has trust issues.
He told me he hasn't done that yet.
He told me he hasn't seen her.
He told me he hated Christmas.
He told me he hated doing that.
He told me he heard gunshots.
He told me he intended to do that.
He told me he intended to go to Boston with her.
He told me he intended to win.
He told me he is leaving tomorrow.
He told me he isn't hungry.
He told me he isn't sleepy yet.
He told me he just saw her.
He told me he knew her.
He told me he knew how I felt.
He told me he knew how to do that.
He told me he knew the rules.
He told me he knew what to do.
He told me he knew who did that.
He told me he knew you.
He told me he knows her.
He told me he knows the rules.
He told me he left early.
He told me he liked doing that.
He told me he liked her.
He told me he liked it.
He told me he liked my idea.
He told me he liked pizza.
He told me he liked rain.
He told me he liked snow.
He told me he liked swimming.
He told me he liked the idea.
He told me he liked the movie.
He told me he liked the party.
He told me he liked to do that.
He told me he liked working with her.
He told me he likes Chinese food.
He told me he likes doing that.
He told me he likes swimming.
He told me he likes to do that.
He told me he likes to swim.
He told me he likes you a lot.
He told me he lived on Park Street.
He told me he loved her.
He told me he loved me, which surprised me quite a lot.
He told me he loved me.
He told me he loves me.
He told me he may do that.
He told me he might do that.
He told me he might not do that.
He told me he might not win.
He told me he might win.
He told me he needed a favor.
He told me he needed money.
He told me he needed more money.
He told me he needed more time.
He told me he needed my help.
He told me he needed our help.
He told me he needed some cash.
He told me he needed some money.
He told me he needed some time to himself.
He told me he needed space.
He told me he needed to talk.
He told me he needs to do that.
He told me he never did that.
He told me he never said that.
He told me he never saw her.
He told me he never uses shampoo.
He told me he ought to do that.
He told me he plans on doing that.
He told me he plans on going.
He told me he plans to do that.
He told me he plans to go.
He told me he preferred red wine.
He told me he saw somebody kissing her.
He told me he saw that movie.
He told me he saw you at the mall.
He told me he saw you two kissing.
He told me he should do that.
He told me he should go.
He told me he showed his tattoo to her.
He told me he speaks French.
He told me he spoke French.
He told me he studied French.
He told me he thought he could win.
He told me he thought he might win.
He told me he thought he saw her.
He told me he told you.
He told me he tried to do that.
He told me he tried to win.
He told me he understood.
He told me he used to be able to read lips.
He told me he used to be married to her.
He told me he used to be married.
He told me he used to be rich.
He told me he used to be very poor.
He told me he walked home.
He told me he wanted a dog.
He told me he wanted a lawyer.
He told me he wanted me to do that.
He told me he wanted me to win.
He told me he wanted my help.
He told me he wanted to cry.
He told me he wanted to die.
He told me he wanted to do that by himself.
He told me he wanted to do that.
He told me he wanted to go.
He told me he wanted to help.
He told me he wanted to kiss her.
He told me he wanted to leave.
He told me he wanted to meet her.
He told me he wanted to quit the company.
He told me he wanted to quit.
He told me he wanted to talk.
He told me he wanted to teach me French.
He told me he wanted to win.
He told me he wants to die.
He told me he wants to do that.
He told me he wants to go with us.
He told me he wants to win.
He told me he was Canadian.
He told me he was OK.
He told me he was a doctor.
He told me he was a liar, but I don't believe him.
He told me he was a poet.
He told me he was absent.
He told me he was adopted.
He told me he was afraid of snakes.
He told me he was afraid.
He told me he was agnostic.
He told me he was all worn out.
He told me he was alone.
He told me he was already married.
He told me he was ambidextrous.
He told me he was an artist.
He told me he was angry.
He told me he was annoyed.
He told me he was appreciative.
He told me he was at home.
He told me he was at school.
He told me he was away.
He told me he was bilingual.
He told me he was bored.
He told me he was broke.
He told me he was busy.
He told me he was certain.
He told me he was claustrophobic.
He told me he was cold.
He told me he was coming back.
He told me he was concerned.
He told me he was confused.
He told me he was conservative.
He told me he was curious.
He told me he was depressed.
He told me he was desperate.
He told me he was diabetic.
He told me he was disappointed.
He told me he was discontented.
He told me he was discouraged.
He told me he was disorganized.
He told me he was displeased.
He told me he was divorced.
He told me he was dizzy.
He told me he was doing fine.
He told me he was doing that now.
He told me he was doing that.
He told me he was done, too.
He told me he was done.
He told me he was drunk.
He told me he was dying.
He told me he was early.
He told me he was embarrassed.
He told me he was excited.
He told me he was exhausted.
He told me he was famished.
He told me he was feeling bad.
He told me he was feeling dizzy.
He told me he was feeling fine.
He told me he was fine.
He told me he was finished.
He told me he was flexible.
He told me he was forgetful.
He told me he was free.
He told me he was frightened.
He told me he was frustrated.
He told me he was full.
He told me he was furious.
He told me he was glad to help.
He told me he was glad to see me.
He told me he was glad.
He told me he was going home.
He told me he was going out for some air.
He told me he was going to America.
He told me he was going to Kabylie, Algeria.
He told me he was going to do that.
He told me he was going to help.
He told me he was going to kill himself.
He told me he was going to see what there was.
He told me he was going to talk to her.
He told me he was going to teach me French.
He told me he was going to the gym.
He told me he was going to the hospital to visit her.
He told me he was going to win.
He told me he was grateful.
He told me he was happy here.
He told me he was happy.
He told me he was having fun.
He told me he was headed home.
He told me he was healthy.
He told me he was heartbroken.
He told me he was home last night.
He told me he was homeless.
He told me he was homesick.
He told me he was hot.
He told me he was hungry.
He told me he was impressed.
He told me he was in a hurry.
He told me he was in love with me, but he had a strange way of showing it.
He told me he was incredibly rich and owned a Ferrari, but I saw through him at once.
He told me he was innocent.
He told me he was interested.
He told me he was irritated.
He told me he was jealous.
He told me he was lazy.
He told me he was lonely.
He told me he was looking for her.
He told me he was lost.
He told me he was lucky.
He told me he was mad.
He told me he was married.
He told me he was miserable.
He told me he was mistaken.
He told me he was moving to Hungary.
He told me he was nervous.
He told me he was next.
He told me he was offended.
He told me he was optimistic.
He told me he was over thirty.
He told me he was overweight.
He told me he was pessimistic.
He told me he was planning to visit Nara next month.
He told me he was pleased.
He told me he was poor.
He told me he was positive.
He told me he was prepared.
He told me he was psyched.
He told me he was puzzled.
He told me he was ready to do that.
He told me he was ready to go.
He told me he was ready.
He told me he was really busy.
He told me he was really hungry.
He told me he was relieved.
He told me he was retired.
He told me he was rich.
He told me he was sad.
He told me he was safe.
He told me he was satisfied.
He told me he was scared.
He told me he was serious.
He told me he was short.
He told me he was shy.
He told me he was sick.
He told me he was single.
He told me he was skeptical.
He told me he was sleepy.
He told me he was sorry.
He told me he was starved.
He told me he was still afraid.
He told me he was strict.
He told me he was strong.
He told me he was studying French.
He told me he was stuffed.
He told me he was surprised.
He told me he was suspicious.
He told me he was sympathetic.
He told me he was teaching French.
He told me he was tense.
He told me he was terrified.
He told me he was thirsty.
He told me he was thirty.
He told me he was thrilled.
He told me he was through.
He told me he was ticklish.
He told me he was tired.
He told me he was unafraid.
He told me he was unbiased.
He told me he was uncomfortable.
He told me he was unconvinced.
He told me he was undecided.
He told me he was unemployed.
He told me he was unfazed by that.
He told me he was unhappy.
He told me he was unhurt.
He told me he was unimpressed.
He told me he was uninsured.
He told me he was unlucky.
He told me he was unmarried.
He told me he was upset.
He told me he was very busy.
He told me he was very happy.
He told me he was very hungry.
He told me he was very sorry.
He told me he was very tired.
He told me he was very upset.
He told me he was wealthy.
He told me he was well.
He told me he was working.
He told me he was worn out.
He told me he was worried.
He told me he was wounded.
He told me he was wrong.
He told me he wasn't afraid of her.
He told me he wasn't afraid.
He told me he wasn't alone.
He told me he wasn't an expert.
He told me he wasn't angry.
He told me he wasn't bored.
He told me he wasn't busy.
He told me he wasn't coming back.
He told me he wasn't coming.
He told me he wasn't convinced.
He told me he wasn't discouraged.
He told me he wasn't embarrassed.
He told me he wasn't happy here.
He told me he wasn't happy.
He told me he wasn't hungry.
He told me he wasn't impressed.
He told me he wasn't in pain.
He told me he wasn't injured.
He told me he wasn't mad.
He told me he wasn't married.
He told me he wasn't nervous.
He told me he wasn't offended.
He told me he wasn't prepared.
He told me he wasn't ready to go.
He told me he wasn't sick anymore.
He told me he wasn't sick.
He told me he wasn't sleepy yet.
He told me he wasn't sleepy.
He told me he wasn't so sure.
He told me he wasn't sorry.
He told me he wasn't sure.
He told me he wasn't surprised.
He told me he wasn't thirsty.
He told me he wasn't ticklish.
He told me he wasn't tired.
He told me he wasn't upset.
He told me he wasn't very hungry.
He told me he wasn't worried.
He told me he won't do that again.
He told me he won't do that.
He told me he won't marry me.
He told me he won.
He told me he would be going to France in July.
He told me he would be here about seven.
He told me he would come again.
He told me he would do it tomorrow.
He told me he would do that.
He told me he would go to Venice.
He told me he would help us.
He told me he would leave soon.
He told me he would rather not go.
He told me he would sort it out.
He told me he would start the following day.
He told me he would start the next day.
He told me he wouldn't cry.
He told me he wouldn't do that.
He told me he wouldn't get involved in this.
He told me he wouldn't stay long.
He told me he wouldn't vote for her.
He told me he wouldn't wait.
He told me he wouldn't win.
He told me he'd agreed to do that.
He told me he'd already done that.
He told me he'd already eaten.
He told me he'd also do that.
He told me he'd arrive by five at the latest.
He told me he'd be absent.
He told me he'd be alone.
He told me he'd be back soon.
He told me he'd be back.
He told me he'd be busy on Monday.
He told me he'd be careful.
He told me he'd be coming back.
He told me he'd be cooperative.
He told me he'd be discreet.
He told me he'd be fair.
He told me he'd be glad to help me.
He told me he'd be going to France in July.
He told me he'd be here.
He told me he'd be home on Monday.
He told me he'd be late.
He told me he'd be ready soon.
He told me he'd be right back.
He told me he'd be right over.
He told me he'd be supportive.
He told me he'd be there.
He told me he'd been busy.
He told me he'd been careless.
He told me he'd been forgiven.
He told me he'd been sick.
He told me he'd been suspended.
He told me he'd bought a car.
He told me he'd buy it.
He told me he'd call me back.
He told me he'd call me.
He told me he'd call tomorrow.
He told me he'd call you later.
He told me he'd call you.
He told me he'd changed his plans.
He told me he'd come again.
He told me he'd come.
He told me he'd cried.
He told me he'd decided to do that.
He told me he'd do it tomorrow.
He told me he'd do it.
He told me he'd do that again.
He told me he'd do that for us.
He told me he'd do that himself.
He told me he'd do that later.
He told me he'd do that soon.
He told me he'd do that tomorrow.
He told me he'd do that, too.
He told me he'd do that.
He told me he'd done that.
He told me he'd eat lunch with her.
He told me he'd found something.
He told me he'd help her.
He told me he'd help me.
He told me he'd help us.
He told me he'd help.
He told me he'd leave soon.
He told me he'd leave.
He told me he'd lied.
He told me he'd like to help.
He told me he'd likely cry.
He told me he'd likely do that.
He told me he'd look at it.
He told me he'd look into it.
He told me he'd lost his textbook.
He told me he'd lost his watch.
He told me he'd love to help.
He told me he'd never do that.
He told me he'd never leave me.
He told me he'd never let me down.
He told me he'd rather go home.
He told me he'd rather not go.
He told me he'd sing.
He told me he'd sort it out.
He told me he'd stay home.
He told me he'd talk to her.
He told me he'd try again.
He told me he'd try doing that.
He told me he'd try to do that.
He told me he'd try to win.
He told me he'd try.
He told me he'd vote for her.
He told me he'd wait and see.
He told me he'd wait for us.
He told me he'd wait.
He told me he'd walk home.
He told me he'd win, but he didn't.
He told me he'd win.
He told me he'd won.
He told me he'll be back soon.
He told me he'll be home on Monday.
He told me he'll do that tomorrow.
He told me he'll join us later.
He told me he's afraid to do that.
He told me he's afraid.
He told me he's alone.
He told me he's bored.
He told me he's broke.
He told me he's cold.
He told me he's decided to do that.
He told me he's depressed.
He told me he's discouraged.
He told me he's doing that now.
He told me he's done.
He told me he's exhausted.
He told me he's fine.
He told me he's first.
He told me he's frightened.
He told me he's getting married.
He told me he's heartbroken.
He told me he's interested.
He told me he's intoxicated.
He told me he's irritated.
He told me he's jealous.
He told me he's just done that.
He told me he's last.
He told me he's leaving tomorrow.
He told me he's lonely.
He told me he's losing weight.
He told me he's miserable here in Boston without her.
He told me he's nervous.
He told me he's never done that.
He told me he's never met you.
He told me he's never talked to her.
He told me he's pessimistic.
He told me he's pleased.
He told me he's prepared.
He told me he's puzzled.
He told me he's ready to do that.
He told me he's ready.
He told me he's retired.
He told me he's safe.
He told me he's scared.
He told me he's shy.
He told me he's skeptical.
He told me he's sleepy.
He told me he's starved.
He told me he's suspicious.
He told me he's sympathetic.
He told me he's tempted to do that.
He told me he's terrified.
He told me he's thirsty.
He told me he's through doing that.
He told me he's ticklish.
He told me he's tired.
He told me he's unafraid.
He told me he's unbiased.
He told me he's unconvinced.
He told me he's unemployed.
He told me he's unimpressed.
He told me he's upset.
He told me he's very hungry.
He told me he's well.
He told me her father wasn't home.
He told me his address, but unfortunately I had no paper to write it down on.
He told me his age, his birthplace, his family, and so on.
He told me his car was in the shop.
He told me his dog died.
He told me his father was a doctor.
He told me his father was rich.
He told me his father wasn't home.
He told me his job was tough.
He told me his life story.
He told me his life's story.
He told me his name was Tom.
He told me his secret.
He told me his secrets.
He told me how he got his nickname.
He told me how he had once been a rich man.
He told me how things were.
He told me how to get an Algerian visa.
He told me how to get to his house.
He told me how to get to the museum.
He told me how to play chess.
He told me it was his fault.
He told me it was over.
He told me it's been raining since evening.
He told me just the opposite!
He told me no.
He told me not to drive too fast.
He told me not to follow him.
He told me not to get involved in this.
He told me not to look behind.
He told me not to meddle.
He told me not to smoke.
He told me not to swim there.
He told me not to talk to her.
He told me not to tell lies.
He told me not to tell you.
He told me not to think.
He told me not to wait for her.
He told me not to wait for him.
He told me nothing, I swear.
He told me our connection is special.
He told me point-blank that I was fired.
He told me sadly, "I'm not sure whether I should be alive."
He told me so himself.
He told me so.
He told me stories about India.
He told me that I could sleep on the sofa.
He told me that I could use his car.
He told me that I had a nice smile.
He told me that I had to speak more slowly.
He told me that I looked pale and asked me what the matter was.
He told me that I must finish the work by six.
He told me that I only got the part in the movie because I was good in bed.
He told me that I should be more careful.
He told me that I shouldn't buy that.
He told me that I shouldn't worry.
He told me that Mary got pregnant.
He told me that Poe's novels were interesting.
He told me that Poe’s novels were interesting.
He told me that dogs weren't allowed on their premises.
He told me that he ate too much.
He told me that he believed that.
He told me that he called you.
He told me that he came all the way from Boston just to visit her.
He told me that he can see ghosts.
He told me that he can't do that.
He told me that he could come on any day but Friday.
He told me that he could do it.
He told me that he could do that.
He told me that he could fix it.
He told me that he could handle it.
He told me that he could hear something, but he wasn't sure what it was.
He told me that he could help us.
He told me that he could live off his savings for a while if he lost his job.
He told me that he could take it.
He told me that he couldn't afford a divorce.
He told me that he couldn't blame me for breaking my promise.
He told me that he couldn't do that by himself.
He told me that he couldn't really trust them.
He told me that he couldn't wait.
He told me that he couldn't walk.
He told me that he cried.
He told me that he did that for us.
He told me that he did that wrong.
He told me that he did that.
He told me that he didn't agree.
He told me that he didn't cry.
He told me that he didn't do it.
He told me that he didn't do that.
He told me that he didn't eat meat.
He told me that he didn't eat pork.
He told me that he didn't get it.
He told me that he didn't know.
He told me that he didn't like her.
He told me that he didn't recognize her the last time he saw her.
He told me that he didn't smoke.
He told me that he didn't want to tell her.
He told me that he didn't win.
He told me that he disagreed.
He told me that he doesn't like her.
He told me that he enjoyed it.
He told me that he enjoys hanging out with her.
He told me that he felt better.
He told me that he felt cold.
He told me that he felt fine.
He told me that he felt hot.
He told me that he felt hungry.
He told me that he felt offended.
He told me that he felt safe.
He told me that he felt seasick.
He told me that he felt sick.
He told me that he felt tired.
He told me that he felt weak.
He told me that he found his keys.
He told me that he found something.
He told me that he got his guitar for free.
He told me that he got there first.
He told me that he had a cold.
He told me that he had a headache.
He told me that he had a knife.
He told me that he had a plan.
He told me that he had a problem.
He told me that he had abandoned his wife.
He told me that he had decided to do this.
He told me that he had found something.
He told me that he had gone there.
He told me that he had lost his textbook the previous morning.
He told me that he had lost his watch.
He told me that he had no money.
He told me that he had no regrets.
He told me that he had no time to read books.
He told me that he had received a lot of phone calls.
He told me that he had seen her there the day before.
He told me that he had to do that.
He told me that he had to go.
He told me that he had to leave.
He told me that he had to split.
He told me that he hadn't gone shopping with her.
He told me that he hated Christmas.
He told me that he heard gunshots.
He told me that he intended to go to Boston with her.
He told me that he intended to win.
He told me that he isn't hungry.
He told me that he knew her.
He told me that he knew how I felt.
He told me that he knew the rules.
He told me that he knew what to do.
He told me that he knew you.
He told me that he knows her.
He told me that he knows the rules.
He told me that he left early.
He told me that he liked her.
He told me that he liked it.
He told me that he liked my accent.
He told me that he liked my idea.
He told me that he liked pizza.
He told me that he liked rain.
He told me that he liked snow.
He told me that he liked swimming.
He told me that he liked the idea.
He told me that he liked the movie.
He told me that he liked the party.
He told me that he liked to work in Chad.
He told me that he liked working with her.
He told me that he likes swimming.
He told me that he likes to swim.
He told me that he likes you a lot.
He told me that he lost his textbook the morning before that.
He told me that he loved her.
He told me that he loved me and I told him that I loved him too.
He told me that he loved me and wanted to marry me.
He told me that he loved me since middle school.
He told me that he loved me.
He told me that he loves me.
He told me that he may do that.
He told me that he might do that.
He told me that he might not win.
He told me that he might win.
He told me that he needed a favor.
He told me that he needed money.
He told me that he needed my help.
He told me that he needed our help.
He told me that he needed some time to himself.
He told me that he needed space.
He told me that he needed to talk.
He told me that he needs space.
He told me that he never did that.
He told me that he never said that.
He told me that he plans on going.
He told me that he plans to go.
He told me that he saw somebody kissing her.
He told me that he saw someone kissing her.
He told me that he saw that movie.
He told me that he should do that.
He told me that he should go.
He told me that he showed his tattoo to her.
He told me that he speaks French.
He told me that he spoke French.
He told me that he studied French.
He told me that he thought he saw her.
He told me that he told you.
He told me that he tried to win.
He told me that he understood.
He told me that he used to be rich.
He told me that he walked home.
He told me that he walked through the woods by himself.
He told me that he wanted a dog.
He told me that he wanted a lawyer.
He told me that he wanted me to do that for her.
He told me that he wanted my help.
He told me that he wanted to cry.
He told me that he wanted to die.
He told me that he wanted to do that by himself.
He told me that he wanted to go.
He told me that he wanted to help.
He told me that he wanted to kiss her.
He told me that he wanted to leave the company.
He told me that he wanted to leave.
He told me that he wanted to meet her.
He told me that he wanted to practice his English with me.
He told me that he wanted to quit.
He told me that he wanted to talk.
He told me that he wanted to win.
He told me that he wants to die.
He told me that he wants to win.
He told me that he was Canadian.
He told me that he was OK.
He told me that he was a doctor.
He told me that he was a poet.
He told me that he was adopted.
He told me that he was afraid.
He told me that he was agnostic.
He told me that he was alone.
He told me that he was an artist.
He told me that he was angry.
He told me that he was annoyed.
He told me that he was at home.
He told me that he was at school.
He told me that he was bilingual.
He told me that he was bored.
He told me that he was broke.
He told me that he was busy then.
He told me that he was busy.
He told me that he was certain.
He told me that he was cold.
He told me that he was coming back.
He told me that he was concerned.
He told me that he was confused.
He told me that he was curious.
He told me that he was depressed.
He told me that he was desperate.
He told me that he was diabetic.
He told me that he was discouraged.
He told me that he was displeased.
He told me that he was divorced.
He told me that he was dizzy.
He told me that he was doing fine.
He told me that he was doing that.
He told me that he was done, too.
He told me that he was done.
He told me that he was drunk.
He told me that he was dying.
He told me that he was early.
He told me that he was embarrassed.
He told me that he was excited.
He told me that he was exhausted.
He told me that he was famished.
He told me that he was feeling bad.
He told me that he was fine.
He told me that he was finished.
He told me that he was flexible.
He told me that he was forgetful.
He told me that he was free.
He told me that he was frightened.
He told me that he was frustrated.
He told me that he was full.
He told me that he was furious.
He told me that he was glad.
He told me that he was going home.
He told me that he was going to Italy.
He told me that he was going to kill himself.
He told me that he was going to talk to her.
He told me that he was going to the hospital to visit her.
He told me that he was grateful.
He told me that he was happy here.
He told me that he was happy.
He told me that he was having fun.
He told me that he was headed home.
He told me that he was healthy.
He told me that he was heartbroken.
He told me that he was homeless.
He told me that he was homesick.
He told me that he was hot.
He told me that he was hungry.
He told me that he was impressed.
He told me that he was in a hurry.
He told me that he was innocent.
He told me that he was interested.
He told me that he was irritated.
He told me that he was jealous.
He told me that he was lazy.
He told me that he was lonely.
He told me that he was looking for her.
He told me that he was lost.
He told me that he was lucky.
He told me that he was mad.
He told me that he was married.
He told me that he was miserable.
He told me that he was mistaken.
He told me that he was moving to Kabylie because he got his dream job, working for an English private school.
He told me that he was nervous.
He told me that he was next.
He told me that he was offended.
He told me that he was on the look-out for a quiet, unfrequented place on the seashore, where he might rusticate and sketch.
He told me that he was optimistic.
He told me that he was over thirty.
He told me that he was overweight.
He told me that he was pessimistic.
He told me that he was pleased.
He told me that he was poor.
He told me that he was positive.
He told me that he was prepared.
He told me that he was psyched.
He told me that he was puzzled.
He told me that he was ready to go.
He told me that he was ready.
He told me that he was really busy.
He told me that he was relieved.
He told me that he was retired.
He told me that he was rich.
He told me that he was sad.
He told me that he was safe.
He told me that he was satisfied.
He told me that he was scared.
He told me that he was serious.
He told me that he was short.
He told me that he was shy.
He told me that he was sick.
He told me that he was single.
He told me that he was skeptical.
He told me that he was sleepy.
He told me that he was sorry.
He told me that he was starved.
He told me that he was strict.
He told me that he was strong.
He told me that he was stuffed.
He told me that he was surprised.
He told me that he was suspicious.
He told me that he was sympathetic.
He told me that he was tense.
He told me that he was terrified.
He told me that he was thirsty.
He told me that he was thirty.
He told me that he was thrilled.
He told me that he was through.
He told me that he was ticklish.
He told me that he was tired.
He told me that he was unafraid.
He told me that he was unbiased.
He told me that he was unconvinced.
He told me that he was undecided.
He told me that he was unemployed.
He told me that he was unhappy.
He told me that he was unhurt.
He told me that he was unimpressed.
He told me that he was uninsured.
He told me that he was unlucky.
He told me that he was unmarried.
He told me that he was upset.
He told me that he was very busy.
He told me that he was very happy.
He told me that he was very hungry.
He told me that he was very poor.
He told me that he was very tired then.
He told me that he was very tired.
He told me that he was very upset.
He told me that he was wealthy.
He told me that he was well.
He told me that he was working.
He told me that he was worn out.
He told me that he was worried.
He told me that he was wounded.
He told me that he was wrong.
He told me that he wasn't afraid of ghosts.
He told me that he wasn't afraid of her.
He told me that he wasn't afraid.
He told me that he wasn't alone.
He told me that he wasn't angry.
He told me that he wasn't bored.
He told me that he wasn't busy.
He told me that he wasn't coming.
He told me that he wasn't happy.
He told me that he wasn't hungry.
He told me that he wasn't in pain.
He told me that he wasn't injured.
He told me that he wasn't mad.
He told me that he wasn't married.
He told me that he wasn't much older than her.
He told me that he wasn't nervous.
He told me that he wasn't offended.
He told me that he wasn't prepared.
He told me that he wasn't scared of snakes.
He told me that he wasn't sick.
He told me that he wasn't sleepy.
He told me that he wasn't so sure.
He told me that he wasn't sure.
He told me that he wasn't thirsty.
He told me that he wasn't ticklish.
He told me that he wasn't tired.
He told me that he wasn't upset.
He told me that he wasn't worried.
He told me that he won't do that.
He told me that he won't marry me.
He told me that he won.
He told me that he would assign all his employees to the same task.
He told me that he would do that.
He told me that he would go to France in June.
He told me that he would help us.
He told me that he would leave before long.
He told me that he would love me forever, but then he left me shortly after.
He told me that he would marry me.
He told me that he would see it once more.
He told me that he would start the next day.
He told me that he would visit Nara next month.
He told me that he would wait till I returned.
He told me that he wouldn't cry.
He told me that he wouldn't do that by himself.
He told me that he wouldn't wait.
He told me that he wouldn't win.
He told me that he'd already eaten.
He told me that he'd also do that.
He told me that he'd be absent.
He told me that he'd be alone.
He told me that he'd be back soon.
He told me that he'd be back.
He told me that he'd be careful.
He told me that he'd be discreet.
He told me that he'd be fair.
He told me that he'd be here.
He told me that he'd be late.
He told me that he'd be ready soon.
He told me that he'd be right back.
He told me that he'd be right over.
He told me that he'd be supportive.
He told me that he'd be there.
He told me that he'd been busy.
He told me that he'd been careless.
He told me that he'd been forgiven.
He told me that he'd been sick.
He told me that he'd bought a car.
He told me that he'd buy it.
He told me that he'd call me back.
He told me that he'd call me.
He told me that he'd call tomorrow.
He told me that he'd call you.
He told me that he'd changed his plans.
He told me that he'd come again.
He told me that he'd come.
He told me that he'd cried.
He told me that he'd do it.
He told me that he'd do that again.
He told me that he'd do that later.
He told me that he'd do that soon.
He told me that he'd do that, too.
He told me that he'd do that.
He told me that he'd done that.
He told me that he'd eat lunch with her.
He told me that he'd found something.
He told me that he'd help me.
He told me that he'd help us.
He told me that he'd help.
He told me that he'd leave soon.
He told me that he'd leave.
He told me that he'd lied.
He told me that he'd like to become a scientist.
He told me that he'd like to help.
He told me that he'd likely cry.
He told me that he'd look at it.
He told me that he'd look into it.
He told me that he'd lost his textbook.
He told me that he'd lost his watch.
He told me that he'd love to help.
He told me that he'd never do that.
He told me that he'd rather not go.
He told me that he'd sing.
He told me that he'd sort it out.
He told me that he'd stay home.
He told me that he'd try again.
He told me that he'd try to win.
He told me that he'd try.
He told me that he'd wait and see.
He told me that he'd wait for us.
He told me that he'd wait.
He told me that he'd walk home.
He told me that he'd win.
He told me that he'd won.
He told me that he'll be back soon.
He told me that he'll wait for me until I come back.
He told me that he's afraid.
He told me that he's alone.
He told me that he's better at doing that than her.
He told me that he's bored.
He told me that he's broke.
He told me that he's cold.
He told me that he's depressed.
He told me that he's discouraged.
He told me that he's done.
He told me that he's exhausted.
He told me that he's fine.
He told me that he's first.
He told me that he's frightened.
He told me that he's going on a trip.
He told me that he's heartbroken.
He told me that he's interested.
He told me that he's intoxicated.
He told me that he's irritated.
He told me that he's jealous.
He told me that he's last.
He told me that he's lonely.
He told me that he's losing weight.
He told me that he's nervous.
He told me that he's never met you.
He told me that he's pessimistic.
He told me that he's pleased.
He told me that he's prepared.
He told me that he's puzzled.
He told me that he's ready.
He told me that he's retired.
He told me that he's safe.
He told me that he's scared.
He told me that he's shy.
He told me that he's skeptical.
He told me that he's sleepy.
He told me that he's starved.
He told me that he's suspicious.
He told me that he's sympathetic.
He told me that he's terrified.
He told me that he's thirsty.
He told me that he's ticklish.
He told me that he's tired.
He told me that he's unafraid.
He told me that he's unbiased.
He told me that he's unconvinced.
He told me that he's unemployed.
He told me that he's unimpressed.
He told me that he's upset.
He told me that he's very hungry.
He told me that he's well.
He told me that his dog died.
He told me that his father had passed away.
He told me that his father is dead.
He told me that his father was a doctor.
He told me that his father was a teacher.
He told me that his father was dead.
He told me that his father's a teacher.
He told me that his grandfather is over ninety.
He told me that his house was haunted.
He told me that his name was Tom.
He told me that if he were I, he would not do so.
He told me that if it didn't rain tomorrow he'd go cycling with her.
He told me that it was possible to rent a bicycle.
He told me that my computer was not ready yet.
He told me that she loves me.
He told me that she might well burst into tears.
He told me that she was sick.
He told me that she will not tell him what happened to me on the day he saw me talking about the story about the girl who got killed.
He told me that the book was interesting.
He told me that the trip was off.
He told me that there was someone who wanted to see me.
He told me that there were many foreigners in Eritrea.
He told me that they were only friends.
He told me that they're now together.
He told me that tomorrow he goes from Beijing to England by plane.
He told me that whatever might happen, he was prepared for it.
He told me that when he was young, he was very eager to be popular and so wanted to make a good impression on everyone.
He told me that when he was young, he was very eager to be popular, and wanted to make a good impression on everyone.
He told me that women play chess and tennis well.
He told me that would come again.
He told me that you study English on your own.
He told me that you were right.
He told me that you were studying English at home.
He told me that, without me, this life had nothing of interest for him.
He told me that.
He told me the news.
He told me the same thing.
He told me the story of his life.
He told me the truth.
He told me this morning.
He told me to ask her.
He told me to ask if you've seen him.
He told me to be careful in speech.
He told me to be here at noon.
He told me to be kind to others.
He told me to cut down the cost of its production.
He told me to do it, so I did it.
He told me to do it.
He told me to get on all fours as if I were a dog.
He told me to get out of his room.
He told me to get out of his van.
He told me to give this to her.
He told me to give up.
He told me to give you this.
He told me to go home and I obeyed him.
He told me to go there at once.
He told me to leave the window open.
He told me to lick the ground after he spat.
He told me to lie down on his bed.
He told me to make sure of the date.
He told me to meet him at 1 o'clock at the airport.
He told me to meet him at his apartment.
He told me to meet him at his house.
He told me to meet him at the restaurant.
He told me to meet him there.
He told me to run faster, and asked me if I was tired.
He told me to speak more slowly.
He told me to stay away from her.
He told me to stay out of his room.
He told me to stay out of his way.
He told me to talk to her.
He told me to tell you he's OK.
He told me to tell you he's fine.
He told me to wash my face.
He told me to.
He told me today that he loved me.
He told me what he saw.
He told me what he wanted.
He told me when to say yes.
He told me where he lived.
He told me where he parked his car.
He told me where to buy origami.
He told me where to go.
He told me where to shop.
He told me why he couldn't do that.
He told me why he couldn't win.
He told me why he did that.
He told me why he didn't do that.
He told me why he didn't like her.
He told me why he didn't win.
He told me why he left early.
He told me why he needed my help.
He told me why he was angry.
He told me why he was late.
He told me you agreed with him.
He told me you despised her.
He told me you hit her.
He told me you hit him.
He told me you were right.
He told me you work for her.
He told me you work for him.
He told me.
He told me: "It's like pouring water into a river."
He told me: "Like someone watering the river."
He told my secret.
He told no one.
He told of his adventures with animation.
He told on me.
He told only me.
He told reporters he was not involved.
He told the Australian Broadcasting Corp. that most of the credits do not represent a real or extra carbon abatement.
He told the book seller that he would come back in the afternoon and buy the book.
He told the bookstore keeper that he would come there again to buy the book that afternoon.
He told the boss some cockamamie story about being sick and needing days off from work.
He told the boy to sharpen his pencil.
He told the boys to line up.
He told the children about his adventures in Africa.
He told the children that they could stay here in the room if they didn't make any noise.
He told the cops right away.
He told the delegates what they already knew was true.
He told the dog to stay.
He told the head teacher what was going on.
He told the judge he was sorry.
He told the judge the truth.
He told the lawmakers that the thought of war made him "recoil in horror".
He told the news to everyone he met there.
He told the passengers to get off the truck.
He told the police about all those incidents.
He told the police everything.
He told the principal exactly what happened.
He told the principal.
He told the story on a TV channel.
He told the students to be quiet.
He told the team he wants to quit.
He told the truth about Mia's disappearance.
He told the truth without fear.
He told the truth, otherwise he would have been punished.
He told the truth.
He told them about Islam and they liked that.
He told them he had changed houses.
He told them not to do that.
He told them that he had had a wonderful time.
He told them that he had spent several years in Algeria.
He told them they shouldn't do that.
He told them to stay on the north side of the river.
He told them to wear sandals but not to put on two shirts.
He told them.
He told us a fabulous adventure story.
He told us a lie.
He told us a story about a boy named Tom Sawyer.
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
He told us a very exciting story of adventure.
He told us about his childhood.
He told us about his day.
He told us about his trip.
He told us an interesting story.
He told us he could do that.
He told us he could help.
He told us he could speak French.
He told us he could win.
He told us he couldn't do that.
He told us he couldn't eat peanuts.
He told us he couldn't help.
He told us he couldn't win.
He told us he escaped.
He told us he had gone through many hardships.
He told us he loved skiing.
He told us he thought he'd do that.
He told us he thought he'd win.
He told us he wouldn't cry.
He told us he wouldn't do that.
He told us he'd cried.
He told us he'd do that again.
He told us he'd do that.
He told us he'd study French.
He told us he'd to go with us.
He told us he'd win.
He told us his story.
He told us how he did that.
He told us many lessons.
He told us no.
He told us such a funny story that we all laughed.
He told us such funny stories that we all laughed.
He told us that he had a headache.
He told us that he knew the risks.
He told us that he'd come in person.
He told us that he'd cooperate.
He told us that he'd cried.
He told us that our only remedy would be in kissing and embracing one another.
He told us that the train had been robbed of its gold bricks, by five men, three of whom, dressed like Indians, rifled the baggage car while the others held the passengers at bay; that the engine was hopelessly wrecked, the engineer killed; that the robbers had escaped on horseback with their booty; and that men had been sent to the nearest telegraph station to “wire” for another engine and a supply of workmen.
He told us that visions would appear to him during the night.
He told us that we should leave right away.
He told us the story of how he pierced his own belly button at home.
He told us this morning his name was Tom.
He told us to come on time.
He told us to depart at once.
He told us to keep quiet.
He told us to leave.
He told us to set off at once.
He told us to stay calm.
He told us what he knew.
He told us what you did.
He told us where to find her.
He told us why he'd been absent.
He told us why.
He told us you hit her.
He told us you hit him.
He told us, "Set off at once."
He told us.
He told what he saw.
He told you something, didn't he?
He told you that.
He told you to say that, didn't he?
He told you what to do, didn't he?
He told you, didn't he?
He tolerates pain.
He too thinks like her.
He too thinks like me.
He took Berber in college.
He took Berber in high school.
He took Berber in his sophomore year.
He took Berber lessons.
He took Bill swimming.
He took Connie for my sister.
He took Jane out for dinner.
He took Jorinda home, where they were married, and lived happily together many years.
He took Lina to an amazing Algerian restaurant in Paris.
He took Lina to one of her favorite restaurants.
He took Mom to a cool restaurant.
He took Rima to the beach.
He took Salas to Algeria.
He took Sephora, the wife of Moses, whom he had sent back, and her two sons, of whom one was called Gersam: his father saying, I have been a stranger in a foreign country. And the other Eliezer: For the God of my father, said he, is my helper, and hath delivered me from the sword of Pharaoh.
He took Skura to the airport.
He took Skura to the amusement park.
He took Skura to the beach.
He took Skura to the movies.
He took Skura to the park.
He took Skura to the pool.
He took Skura to the shopping mall.
He took Skura to the zoo.
He took Skura's table.
He took Tom on a fishing trip.
He took US$1 million retirement funds.
He took a Berber class.
He took a Berber grammar test.
He took a Berber vocabulary test.
He took a basket and went straight to the market.
He took a bath.
He took a beating and didn't even react.
He took a beautiful shot at a deer.
He took a beer out of the fridge and handed it to her.
He took a bicycle repair class.
He took a big gulp of his drink.
He took a big gulp.
He took a big risk.
He took a bite of the sandwich he'd prepared.
He took a bite out of his sandwich.
He took a bite.
He took a blanket off the bed and wrapped it around himself.
He took a book from the bookshelf.
He took a book from the shelf.
He took a book off the shelf and handed it to her.
He took a book off the shelf.
He took a break from learning Berber.
He took a break.
He took a brief jaunt working in construction.
He took a bus.
He took a cab to arrive on time.
He took a cab.
He took a cautious step forward.
He took a chance investing his money in the new company.
He took a checkbook from his inside pocket and hurriedly wrote a check for six thousand dollars.
He took a class in Berber linguistics.
He took a class to learn how to manage his anger.
He took a closer look at it.
He took a coin out of his pocket.
He took a cold bath even in winter until recently.
He took a colored pencil out of his pencil case.
He took a crush on me.
He took a day off.
He took a deep breath and tried to put his uneasiness to rest.
He took a deep breath before entering his boss's office.
He took a deep breath before entering his boss’s office.
He took a deep breath before the duel.
He took a deep breath to calm himself.
He took a deep breath.
He took a detour to avoid the heavy traffic.
He took a drink and then offered the bottle to her.
He took a drink from his glass.
He took a drink of whiskey neat.
He took a dump.
He took a family photo.
He took a family photograph.
He took a fancy to her.
He took a few eggs.
He took a few minutes to scan the shop.
He took a few moments to reflect.
He took a few pillows to rest his head.
He took a few steps closer to her.
He took a few steps forward.
He took a flower out of the vase while no one was looking.
He took a glance at the girl.
He took a glance at the papers.
He took a great fancy to that house.
He took a handful of barley.
He took a hot bath and turned on the TV.
He took a job with an insurance company.
He took a key from his coat pocket.
He took a key out of his pocket.
He took a left.
He took a life.
He took a liking to the afternoon walk.
He took a line from Shakespeare.
He took a little shortcut among the trees.
He took a logging road.
He took a long time to return.
He took a long train ride to Algiers.
He took a look at the computer.
He took a look at the newspaper before going to bed.
He took a look at the towels.
He took a look in the room.
He took a lot of chances in order to survive.
He took a lot of macro photographs of disgusting Canadian bugs.
He took a lot of pictures in Algeria.
He took a lot of pictures in Kabylie.
He took a lot of pictures of her.
He took a mirror and carefully examined his tongue.
He took a moment to compose himself.
He took a moment to reflect.
He took a nap in the living room.
He took a nap under an olive tree.
He took a nap.
He took a narrow path that led winding down to the sea.
He took a nice hot shower.
He took a notebook out of his bag.
He took a notebook out.
He took a pen and wrote a poem.
He took a pencil in his hand.
He took a photo.
He took a photograph of the family.
He took a picture of her.
He took a picture of himself and sent it to her.
He took a picture of himself and sent it to his girlfriend.
He took a picture of his dog and sent it to her.
He took a picture of me with his camera.
He took a picture of the Algerian flag.
He took a picture of the beautiful landscape.
He took a picture of the beautiful scenery.
He took a picture of the koala.
He took a picture of the mosque.
He took a picture with Anthony Hopkins.
He took a picture.
He took a piece of candy from the bag.
He took a piece of paper out of his pocket and handed it to her.
He took a polite leave of us.
He took a protein shake.
He took a quick look at the magazine.
He took a real liking to that house.
He took a refreshing walk along the riverside.
He took a reunion photo with the students.
He took a risk when he helped me.
He took a room at the Yaesu Hotel.
He took a room at the hotel.
He took a screenshot of the message and posted it on his Facebook page.
He took a seat across from her.
He took a seat beneath the olive tree.
He took a seat next to her.
He took a seat out of the sun.
He took a seat.
He took a second piece to take to his sick friend.
He took a second piece to take to his sick girlfriend.
He took a selfie and sent it to her.
He took a sharp left.
He took a short cut.
He took a shortcut home.
He took a shortcut through the forest.
He took a shortcut to school through the park.
He took a shortcut.
He took a shotgun from the trunk.
He took a shower.
He took a sideways glance at her legs.
He took a sip from his coffee mug.
He took a sip of beer.
He took a sip of his drink.
He took a sip of his hot coffee.
He took a sip of his milk.
He took a sip of his tea.
He took a sip of wine.
He took a sip.
He took a slide down the hill on his sled.
He took a slight hint as the start and found the correct answer.
He took a small piece of torn paper from a note-book and spread it out upon his knee.
He took a spirit level from his toolbox.
He took a spirit level out of his toolbox.
He took a sponge bath.
He took a stab at fixing the issue.
He took a step back.
He took a step backwards.
He took a step forward.
He took a step right.
He took a step toward her.
He took a step towards her.
He took a stroll to help him relax.
He took a swig from his flask.
He took a swig of water.
He took a tangerine.
He took a taxi because he was in a hurry.
He took a taxi both ways.
He took a taxi in order not to miss the train.
He took a taxi so as not to be late for the party.
He took a taxi to get there in time.
He took a taxi to the airport.
He took a taxi to the hospital.
He took a taxi to the station.
He took a tour, everything remained the same.
He took a trip into the deep woods.
He took a trip to Europe.
He took a trip to Kabylie.
He took a vacation to Algeria.
He took a very beautiful woman as his wife.
He took a vitalizing walk along the riverside.
He took a walk before breakfast.
He took a week off.
He took a whiz around the back of the house.
He took a whole strip of sleeping pills.
He took a wife who is older than himself.
He took a woman of great beauty as his wife.
He took a wrong turn.
He took adequate clothes for a weekend trip.
He took advantage of every opportunity he had.
He took advantage of her kindness.
He took advantage of her.
He took advantage of me.
He took advantage of my ignorance and deceived me.
He took advantage of my moment of distraction to run away.
He took advantage of my youth.
He took advantage of the fine weather and painted the wall.
He took advantage of the fine weather to paint the wall.
He took advantage of the good weather to do some gardening.
He took advantage of the occasion to visit the museum.
He took advantage of the opportunity to visit the museum.
He took advantage of the opportunity.
He took advantage of the situation.
He took advantage of the system.
He took all my loved ones from me.
He took all my things with him.
He took all the food home when he left.
He took all the money from the bank.
He took all the responsibilities.
He took also butter and milk, and the calf which he had boiled, and set before them: but he stood by them under the tree.
He took an airplane for the first time in his life.
He took an exhilarating walk along the riverside.
He took an exhilarating walk.
He took an important decision.
He took an interest in the Berber language.
He took an old photograph out of his wallet and handed it to me.
He took an oral examination.
He took an uncertain stance.
He took an unfair advantage of me.
He took an unfriendly attitude toward me.
He took another one.
He took another quick peek outside.
He took another step toward her.
He took apart a watch.
He took apart his computer.
He took apart the computer.
He took as much care as possible.
He took away what little money I had.
He took back everything he said.
He took back what he had said about her.
He took back what he had said about me.
He took bodyguards for protection.
He took care of Mary's red cow, for he knew how to tend cattle and make himself useful.
He took care of her child.
He took care of her.
He took care of his grandfather.
He took care of his mother after his father's death.
He took care of his sick mother.
He took care of the animals.
He took care of the baby.
He took care of the business after his father's death.
He took care of the business after his father’s death.
He took care of the children while his wife was shopping.
He took care of the children.
He took care of them.
He took care of two children.
He took care of us all.
He took charge of the arrangements for the party.
He took charge of the expenses.
He took charge of the family business after his father died.
He took charge of the firm after his father's death.
He took charge of the firm after his father’s death.
He took control of the situation.
He took cover.
He took credit for my accomplishments.
He took credit for my idea.
He took credit for the idea.
He took delight in talking with friends.
He took delight in teasing the kitten.
He took down the videos.
He took every opportunity he had to practice English.
He took everything I owned.
He took everything they offered him.
He took everything to his office.
He took everything to the office.
He took everything with him.
He took everything.
He took full advantage of the wrapper.
He took full credit for the success of the project.
He took good care of her.
He took good care of his children.
He took good care of the dog.
He took great care of the children.
He took great care, yet he made a mistake.
He took great pains in educating his children.
He took great pains in taming a puma.
He took great pains in the negotiation.
He took great pains to do a good job.
He took great pains to find a shortcut.
He took grenades and other weapons.
He took her and her daughter home.
He took her arm.
He took her aside and told her the news.
He took her back to his place.
He took her bicycle.
He took her book.
He took her by the hand.
He took her by the shoulders.
He took her by the upper arms.
He took her by the upper parts of her arms.
He took her car keys away from her.
He took her car keys from her.
He took her cubs, and ran up the mountain without looking back.
He took her diary.
He took her empty glass from her hand and refilled it.
He took her hand and kissed it.
He took her hand and raised it to his lips.
He took her hand and sat down beside her.
He took her hand off of his thigh and put it back on her thigh.
He took her in his arms and hugged her.
He took her in his arms to help her, but she couldn't stand.
He took her in his arms to help her, but she couldn’t stand.
He took her in his arms.
He took her into his arms and kissed her passionately.
He took her money.
He took her out for a drive.
He took her place.
He took her remarks as flattery.
He took her shopping.
He took her side.
He took her to Algeria in April.
He took her to a bar.
He took her to all countries.
He took her to the Islamic library.
He took her to the computer room.
He took her to the mosque to take her shahada.
He took her to the mosque.
He took her virginity when she was just nineteen.
He took her words as a compliment.
He took her.
He took him aside to tell him something confidential.
He took him at his word.
He took him.
He took his A-levels this spring.
He took his Christian friend to a mosque.
He took his anger out on her.
He took his anger out on him.
He took his anger out on me.
He took his aunt's daughter as his wife.
He took his bike to the store.
He took his book.
He took his books to a second-hand bookshop. They were just taking up space.
He took his boomerangs out, and began to practise throwing them.
He took his boots off.
He took his brother to the zoo.
He took his camera with him.
He took his cap off.
He took his children more and more to the mosque.
He took his children to Boston with him.
He took his children to the park.
He took his children to the zoo.
He took his clothes off.
He took his coat and gloves off.
He took his coat off and set to work.
He took his coat off.
He took his daughter to Austria to receive treatment.
He took his daughter to a dressmaker in Algiers.
He took his daughter to school.
He took his daughter to the mall to buy her a Kabyle dress.
He took his daughter with him whenever he went abroad.
He took his defeat hard.
He took his dog for a walk.
He took his dog to Boston with him.
He took his dog to the vet.
He took his dog with him.
He took his family to live in a Muslim country.
He took his family to the zoo.
He took his father's place.
He took his favorite toy with him.
He took his foot off the gas.
He took his girlfriend out on Saturday night.
He took his girlfriend to a bar.
He took his glasses off.
He took his gloves off.
He took his goggles off.
He took his grandmother by the hand and helped her up.
He took his hat and left.
He took his hat off.
He took his headphones off.
He took his helmet off.
He took his jacket off.
He took his keys out of his pocket.
He took his leather jacket and left the house.
He took his leave and set out in the dark.
He took his money out of his pocket.
He took his mother to the mosque to take her shahada.
He took his new Muslim name legally in the United States.
He took his own life.
He took his own medicine.
He took his path and left.
He took his pen out of his pocket.
He took his pencil and started to write.
He took his place among us.
He took his place at the foot of the table.
He took his place at the table.
He took his reading glasses off.
He took his seat.
He took his shahada after the holy month of Ramadan.
He took his shahada at home.
He took his shahada four years ago.
He took his shahada in 2004.
He took his shahada in 2014.
He took his shahada in Algeria.
He took his shahada in Algiers.
He took his shahada in a mosque.
He took his shahada officially in a mosque.
He took his shahada there.
He took his shahada yesterday.
He took his share of the money.
He took his shirt off.
He took his shoes and socks off.
He took his shoes off and entered the mosque.
He took his shoes off and went into the mosque.
He took his shoes off at the door.
He took his shoes off.
He took his sister along.
He took his sister to the airport.
He took his socks off.
He took his son back to Algeria.
He took his son to Algeria.
He took his son to work.
He took his son with him.
He took his sunglasses off and handed them to her.
He took his sunglasses off.
He took his time doing his homework.
He took his time leaving the room.
He took his time reading the contract.
He took his time skinning the deer.
He took his time walking home.
He took his time.
He took his uncle's daughter as his wife.
He took his wallet out of his pocket.
He took his way to the country.
He took his wedding ring off.
He took his wife to the airport.
He took his wooden spoons to a nearby village to sell them.
He took hold of my arm and never let me loose.
He took hold of my hand.
He took home the cup.
He took honey instead of sugar.
He took hope from that fact.
He took in a traveller for the night.
He took in the situation at a glance.
He took into his mind to make me dig a pit for my father, while confiscating me the pickaxe.
He took it as a compliment.
He took it as a personal attack this time.
He took it away into a lonely place, and sat down on a felled elm to open it.
He took it for an implied rebuke.
He took it for granted that I knew the answer.
He took it for granted that one knew everything that he knew.
He took it for granted that she was happy.
He took it from beneath his coat.
He took it from her by force.
He took it from us.
He took it from you.
He took it in his stride.
He took it into his head to start the next morning.
He took it lightly.
He took it literally.
He took it off.
He took it out from under his coat.
He took it out of my hands.
He took it up with Mr. Jones, who was forever taken up short by his boss, Mr. Douglas.
He took it very badly.
He took it with much ado at his brother's earnest pressing him, and said: Let us go together, and I will accompany thee in thy journey.
He took it without asking my permission.
He took it.
He took judo lessons.
He took leave of his family and got on board the plane for New York.
He took leave of his family and got on board.
He took leave of the family.
He took little time getting ready to go out.
He took longer to come back.
He took many pictures in London.
He took me as an example.
He took me aside in order to whisper in my ear.
He took me by the arm and looked me in the eye.
He took me by the arm.
He took me by the collar.
He took me by the hand.
He took me for an Englishman.
He took me for everything I had.
He took me for granted.
He took me for my mother.
He took me for my twin brother.
He took me from one Algerian town to the next.
He took me home.
He took me in his arms and told me that he loved me.
He took me in his arms.
He took me in so well with his smooth talking that I accepted.
He took me out to a plush restaurant.
He took me over to the island in his boat.
He took me to an Islamic store.
He took me to dinner.
He took me to his house.
He took me to lunch or dinner quite a lot.
He took me to school by car.
He took me to the Friday prayer.
He took me to the bathroom.
He took me to the mosque on Friday.
He took me to the mosque.
He took me to the park yesterday.
He took me to the station.
He took me under his wing.
He took me up on my remarks about equal rights.
He took measurements.
He took medical advice.
He took medicine to suppress his allergy symptoms.
He took medicine.
He took money from all three of us.
He took money from the bank.
He took more than a hundred photographs of the amphitheatre.
He took my barbs in his usual good-natured way.
He took my breath away.
He took my car.
He took my cherry.
He took my computer to the concert.
He took my face in his hands and looked into my eyes.
He took my face in his hands.
He took my girlfriend away from me and married her.
He took my girlfriend hostage.
He took my hand and led me into the bedroom.
He took my hand and shook it.
He took my hand in his.
He took my job.
He took my keys.
He took my phone number.
He took my place.
He took my shield.
He took my umbrella without bothering to ask.
He took my umbrella without so much as asking.
He took my wife and stole my future.
He took my wings.
He took no account of the fact.
He took no heed of any of us, but his eyes were fixed upon Holmes's face with an expression in which hatred and amazement were equally blended.
He took no heed of any of us, but his eyes were fixed upon Holmes’ face with an expression in which hatred and amazement were equally blended.
He took no notice of his friend's advice.
He took no notice of his friend’s advice.
He took no notice of me.
He took no notice of my advice.
He took no notice of our warning.
He took no notice that there was a sick man sleeping in the next room.
He took no photos of the festival.
He took note of the number plate.
He took notes at every opportunity.
He took notes, didn't he?
He took notes.
He took off after her.
He took off all his clothes.
He took off at full speed without saying where he was going.
He took off her clothes.
He took off his T-shirt.
He took off his boots.
He took off his cap in front of the entrance.
He took off his cap.
He took off his clothes and jumped into the water.
He took off his clothes and put on his pajamas.
He took off his clothes and stepped into the shower.
He took off his clothes.
He took off his coat and gloves.
He took off his coat and put it on again.
He took off his coat and threw it on the floor.
He took off his coat because it was getting too hot to wear it.
He took off his coat.
He took off his cowboy hat.
He took off his earphones.
He took off his gardening gloves.
He took off his glasses after that.
He took off his glasses and frowned at the nurse.
He took off his glasses.
He took off his gloves.
He took off his goggles.
He took off his hat and entered the church.
He took off his hat and made a polite bow.
He took off his hat.
He took off his headphones.
He took off his headset.
He took off his helmet and ran his fingers through his hair.
He took off his helmet.
He took off his jacket.
He took off his muddy shoes.
He took off his name tag.
He took off his overcoat.
He took off his pack.
He took off his raincoat.
He took off his shirt.
He took off his shoes and socks.
He took off his shoes.
He took off his ski boots.
He took off his socks.
He took off his sunglasses.
He took off his sweater.
He took off his t-shirt.
He took off his tie.
He took off his uniform.
He took off his vest.
He took off his watch.
He took off his wedding ring.
He took off his wig.
He took off on his bicycle.
He took off on his bike.
He took off on his motorcycle.
He took off one of his gloves.
He took off the bottom piece of his pyjamas while remaining in his underwear.
He took off the wife-beater.
He took off their chariot wheels, and they drove them heavily; so that the Egyptians said, "Let's flee from the face of Israel, for the Lord fights for them against the Egyptians!"
He took off to find her.
He took off to the south.
He took off without paying the bill.
He took off.
He took offence at her.
He took offense at his daughter's behavior.
He took offense at his daughter’s behavior.
He took offense at what I said and turned on his heels.
He took office as president.
He took office two years ago.
He took on a new identity.
He took on a new secretary.
He took on extra workers.
He took on more than he could handle.
He took on the challenge.
He took on the difficult work.
He took one of his gloves off.
He took one piece of pie and gave the other to her.
He took one step forwards, two back.
He took one step to the right.
He took out a 1,000-yen note from his wallet.
He took out a book about the history of coins.
He took out a coin from his pocket.
He took out a dollar from his wallet.
He took out a handkerchief and wiped his forehead.
He took out a loan in order to buy a car.
He took out a mortgage from the bank in order to buy a house.
He took out a notebook.
He took out a pencil and started to write.
He took out a piece of chalk.
He took out a piece of paper.
He took out accident insurance.
He took out after her.
He took out an egg.
He took out his anger on her.
He took out his camera.
He took out his earplugs.
He took out his false teeth.
He took out his fountain pen.
He took out his funds from the bank.
He took out his gun and shot her.
He took out his handkerchief.
He took out his knife.
He took out his passport.
He took out his pen to sign his check.
He took out his phone and called her.
He took out his phone and handed it to me.
He took out his revolver and put in on the desk.
He took out money.
He took out one egg.
He took out some coins and handed one to her.
He took out some coins.
He took out the listings on Facebook.
He took out the maximum insurance.
He took out the trash.
He took out the wallet from his inside jacket pocket.
He took over a new post at the military base.
He took over his father's business.
He took over his father's firm.
He took over his father's store.
He took over his father’s business.
He took over responsibility for his father's project.
He took over the business after her death.
He took over the business after his father died.
He took over the business from his father.
He took over the business.
He took over the company after his father's death.
He took over the kiosque in the mall.
He took over the shift.
He took over this school.
He took over.
He took pains educating his children.
He took pains to write this song.
He took part in a Quran reciting contest.
He took part in a big scam.
He took part in a drag pageant.
He took part in a drag queen contest.
He took part in no good thing, but in many of another sort.
He took part in the Olympic Games.
He took part in the Olympic competitions.
He took part in the anti-war demonstration.
He took part in the assembly.
He took part in the athletic meeting.
He took part in the expedition.
He took part in the meeting in place of his brother.
He took part in the meeting.
He took part in the race.
He took part in the summer festival.
He took part of this non-profit organisation to help make his vision of the world become reality.
He took photos for Instagram.
He took photos inside the mosque.
He took photos of me.
He took photos.
He took pictures of her.
He took pictures of me with his camera.
He took pictures of people without their permission.
He took pictures of the scenery.
He took pills to deal with the pain.
He took pity on her.
He took pity on him.
He took pity on me and helped me out.
He took poison by mistake.
He took poison.
He took power in a military coup.
He took pride in his contributions.
He took pride in his dog.
He took responsibilities very seriously.
He took revenge.
He took risks.
He took second place.
He took several grams of gold and placed it on the scale.
He took several years of English, but can't speak a lick of it.
He took shahada in a mosque.
He took shahada while he was in Algeria.
He took shahada.
He took shelter from rain under the tree.
He took shelter from the hailstorm.
He took shortcuts.
He took some classes.
He took some deep breaths before he dived.
He took some horrible pictures of me.
He took some money out of his wallet and gave it to her.
He took some pain pills.
He took some pictures in Kabylie.
He took some pictures.
He took some rather tantalizing photos.
He took some things out of his bag.
He took some very beautiful pictures in Monaco.
He took someone else's textbook because he was distracted.
He took something from his pocket and gave it to her.
He took something out from his pocket.
He took something out of his pocket.
He took something out of the bag.
He took steps back.
He took ten deep breaths.
He took that approach.
He took that history test.
He took that secret with him to the grave.
He took that test.
He took that the wrong way.
He took that.
He took the Berber test.
He took the Quran home.
He took the accusations to heart, even though they were unjustified.
He took the baby in his arms.
He took the battery.
He took the bins out.
He took the blame for the robbery.
He took the blindfold off her.
He took the blow on the head.
He took the book from the shelf.
He took the books to the library.
He took the bottle from her and poured himself a drink.
He took the bottle of olive oil out of the cabinet.
He took the bread and cut himself two slices.
He took the bucket.
He took the bus to school.
He took the bus.
He took the candlestick and left the room.
He took the car on trial, but didn't like it so he took it back.
He took the car on trial, but didn’t like it so he took it back.
He took the car on trial.
He took the car to another shop.
He took the cheese.
He took the children to school.
He took the clock apart just for fun.
He took the coat off because it was warm.
He took the computer home.
He took the corner too fast.
He took the cupcakes outside.
He took the day off.
He took the decision to leave the village.
He took the deer back to camp.
He took the defrosted meat out and seasoned it well before cooking.
He took the drink away from her.
He took the early retirement package the company offered.
He took the eggs out one by one.
He took the elevator to the 5th floor.
He took the elevator to the third floor.
He took the elevator with her.
He took the express for Tokyo.
He took the figerprints to the forensic team.
He took the final test.
He took the final.
He took the first place in the race.
He took the first prize.
He took the fly.
He took the glass from her hands.
He took the gorilla back to the zoo.
He took the guitar and started playing.
He took the guitar to soothe his fury.
He took the gun from her before she could kill herself.
He took the gun from her.
He took the hammer away from her.
He took the hammer from her.
He took the heavy box down from the shelf.
He took the heavy box from the shelf.
He took the hot dog out of its package and put a small frying pan onto the stove's gas burner.
He took the initiative in carrying out the plan.
He took the initiative to beat out the flames with his jacket.
He took the job for the sake of his career but he didn't like it.
He took the job for the sake of his career but he didn’t like it.
He took the job reluctantly.
He took the job without giving it much thought.
He took the job.
He took the key out of his pocket.
He took the keys from her.
He took the keys out of his pocket and put them on the table.
He took the kids out for some ice cream.
He took the kids to school.
He took the kids to see the movie.
He took the kids to the school.
He took the kids to the zoo.
He took the knife away from her.
He took the knife from her.
He took the largest apple for himself.
He took the lead in fighting pollution.
He took the leadership of the party.
He took the liberty of writing to the lady.
He took the lift to the fifth floor.
He took the long road through the mountains.
He took the microphone away from her.
He took the million dollars he was given.
He took the money and ran off to Switzerland.
He took the money back.
He took the money.
He took the news surprisingly well.
He took the newspaper away from George.
He took the orders and left.
He took the package to the post office.
He took the path laid out by his father.
He took the pen and wrote the address.
He took the phone from her.
He took the phone out of his father's hand.
He took the photos in earnest.
He took the pills.
He took the piss out of me.
He took the plastic to the recycling plant.
He took the position that he agreed to it.
He took the proper steps to meet the situation.
He took the public by surprise.
He took the puppies to a shelter.
He took the reality of the situation lightly and failed.
He took the rest of the afternoon off.
He took the rest of the day off.
He took the rest of the money from the bank.
He took the rest of the pie home.
He took the ring off his finger.
He took the rope from her.
He took the rubbish bin out.
He took the rubbish bins out.
He took the rubbish out.
He took the sack.
He took the sample to his coworker.
He took the samples to a lab.
He took the scissors away from her.
He took the scissors from her.
He took the seat across from her.
He took the shahada when he was in Algeria.
He took the shahada yesterday.
He took the snowman downtown.
He took the subway.
He took the threat seriously.
He took the time to help her.
He took the towel to the sink.
He took the trash out.
He took the trouble to assist the poor man.
He took the trouble to see me off at the station.
He took the trouble to send me the book.
He took the trouble to show me the way to the station.
He took the utmost pains to assure that he was not followed.
He took the video to a local TV station.
He took the wood and sawed it using the saw.
He took the wrong bus by mistake.
He took the wrong bus.
He took the wrong exit off the motorway and, as a result, got himself lost.
He took the wrong exit off the motorway and, as a result, lost his way.
He took the wrong path.
He took the wrong train by mistake.
He took the young men on an exclusive and exhilarating ride through the famous southern Florida wetlands on an airboat.
He took them by surprise.
He took them from me.
He took them to the mosque.
He took them with him.
He took them.
He took these pictures himself.
He took these pictures in the mosque.
He took these pictures, didn't he?
He took this photo.
He took this picture.
He took thousands of pictures.
He took to Akiko from the moment he met her.
He took to drinking after his wife left him.
He took to fishing after retirement.
He took to his heels when he saw a policeman.
He took to insulting his parents.
He took to sailing as though he'd been born on the water.
He took two eggs.
He took two tablets of aspirin to get rid of his cold.
He took up a life of crime.
He took up gardening after he retired.
He took up golf this spring.
He took up hang gliding.
He took up hiking.
He took up his pen and began to write.
He took up his quarters in the inn.
He took up residence in Algiers.
He took up residence in Jamaica.
He took up residence in Madrid.
He took up the receiver and dialed.
He took us back in his car.
He took us to the zoo.
He took very good care of her.
He took water from the fountain.
He took what he wanted.
He took what little money I had.
He took what was here.
He took years to get the hang of joined-up writing.
He tore a few pages out of the book.
He tore a page out of his notebook.
He tore down the house.
He tore himself from her as he spoke, and, flinging himself upon his horse, galloped furiously away, never even looking round, as though afraid that his resolution might fail him if he took one glance at what he was leaving.
He tore his calf muscle playing basketball.
He tore his ligament.
He tore off his shirt.
He tore off the chain and threw it on the ground.
He tore open the envelope.
He tore out of the house.
He tore the book apart.
He tore the books apart.
He tore the dress to pieces.
He tore the letter into little pieces and threw them out of the window.
He tore the newspaper in half.
He tore the paper in half.
He tore the paper in two.
He tore the photographs into pieces.
He tore the tent to pieces.
He tore up his letter into small bits and threw them out the window.
He tore up the letter he got from her.
He tore up the letter in tears.
He tormented her every day with his jealousy scenes.
He tormented me.
He tortured a prisoner.
He tossed and turned all night.
He tossed and turned in bed.
He tossed another log on the fire.
He tossed his dirty clothes on the floor.
He tossed his dog some bread.
He tossed his guest a question as soft as a chinchilla pelt.
He tossed the ball to her.
He tossed the ball towards the wall.
He tossed the coin into the fountain.
He tossed the keys to her.
He tossed the paper into a shredder.
He totaled his car.
He totally did that on purpose.
He totally forgot about her.
He totally forgot the meeting.
He totally forgot.
He totally freaked out.
He totally ignored her.
He totally lacks of masculinity.
He totally lost the plot.
He totally respected that decision.
He totally ruined those shoes.
He totally vanished.
He touched Nuja.
He touched ember, his fingers burned.
He touched her cheek.
He touched her hair.
He touched her hand.
He touched her in that place, too.
He touched her in that place.
He touched her on the shoulder.
He touched her shoulder.
He touched it.
He touched me on the cheek.
He touched me so much.
He touched me.
He touched my hand.
He touched my shoulder.
He touched on her.
He touched the water with his foot.
He touches her cheek.
He towel-dried his hair.
He towers above the rest of the class.
He toyed with his empty glass.
He toyed with his food.
He traced "freedom" with his own blood.
He tracked me.
He tracked the outlaw through the canyon.
He tracks every country in the world.
He traded his camera for a guitar.
He traded his old car in for a new one.
He traded on her kindness.
He trained consistently.
He trained his camera on me.
He trained his dog to bark at strangers.
He trained his dog to fetch the newspaper.
He trained in Algeria.
He trained the dog to follow commands.
He trained very hard.
He trains dogs.
He trampled on her feelings.
He trampled on my eyeglasses, ruining them.
He transcends all ages.
He transferred his office to Osaka.
He transferred his whole estate to his son.
He transferred the pictures to his computer.
He transferred to that school in his freshman year.
He transferred to the office in Chiba.
He transfixed me with two sharp, steely eyes.
He transformed a piece of waste ground into a beautiful garden.
He transformed his small family business into a highly profitable company with more than 200 employees.
He transformed since the accident.
He transformed the basement into a planetarium.
He translated French into Japanese.
He translated Homer from the Greek into English.
He translated a Japanese novel into French.
He translated a poem.
He translated everything for me.
He translated everything into Berber.
He translated everything the teacher said to us.
He translated everything to me into Berber.
He translated for me.
He translated from French into Japanese.
He translated her sentence.
He translated his sentence.
He translated it literally.
He translated it word for word.
He translated it.
He translated promise into actions.
He translated the New Testament from Greek.
He translated the Old Testament from Hebrew.
He translated the Quran from Arabic into Berber.
He translated the Quran into Berber.
He translated the book from French into English.
He translated the book from Turkish into English.
He translated the book into different languages.
He translated the couplet into English.
He translated the novel into German.
He translated the paragraph into English.
He translated the summary into Berber.
He translated the text into Berber.
He translated the verse into English.
He translated this piece of writing on Zen Buddhism.
He translated what I've translated.
He translated word for word.
He translates faster than others read.
He translates from French into Japanese.
He translates from French to Japanese.
He transposed the song three keys down.
He trapped Mina.
He trapped a large number of rats.
He trapped the ball with his thigh.
He trashed the place.
He traveled a great deal, as did most of his friends.
He traveled a lot in Algeria.
He traveled a lot to Algeria.
He traveled about an hour outside Algiers.
He traveled about the world.
He traveled abroad in his own country.
He traveled all countries with her.
He traveled all over Algeria.
He traveled all over Europe.
He traveled all over the globe.
He traveled all over the world.
He traveled around the country.
He traveled around the world with her.
He traveled around the world.
He traveled around.
He traveled at the expense of the company.
He traveled back to Kabylie.
He traveled by boat.
He traveled by train to Algiers.
He traveled freely and often between Algiers and Bejaia.
He traveled from Germany to Algeria.
He traveled from one tournament to the next.
He traveled in a special train.
He traveled more than 1,600 kilometers to give away a kidney at New York Presbyterian Hospital.
He traveled on Algerian passport under an alias.
He traveled on an Algerian passport.
He traveled on business.
He traveled the whole world.
He traveled through most of the woods.
He traveled through the Tohoku district this summer.
He traveled throughout the country.
He traveled to Algeria and Tunisia.
He traveled to Algeria as a very young man.
He traveled to Algeria on a renewed diplomatic passport.
He traveled to Algeria with his pregnant wife.
He traveled to Algeria.
He traveled to Australia to visit his son despite the fact that his health was failing.
He traveled to Bejaia.
He traveled to Boston to see her.
He traveled to France to brush up his colloquial French.
He traveled to Hawaii with the family.
He traveled to Italy.
He traveled to Macedonia to film the video.
He traveled to the land of snow.
He traveled to the south of Algeria.
He traveled today.
He traveled under another name.
He traveled west by train.
He traveled widely throughout his lifetime and led a life with a lot of movement.
He traveled with a large escort.
He traveled with me up to Algiers.
He traveled with only a dog for company.
He traveled.
He travelled a great deal, as did most of his friends.
He travelled all over Europe.
He travelled on business.
He travelled the whole world.
He travelled to London to learn English.
He travelled to London, where he stayed for a week.
He travelled to many countries by means of Esperanto.
He travelled under an assumed name.
He travelled with a big suitcase.
He travels a lot in Algeria.
He travels about 865 kilometers (540 miles) each month to pay weekly visits to patients in rural health care centers.
He travels about the world gathering facts about little known countries.
He travels across the sea.
He travels around.
He travels best who travels alone.
He travels from city to city.
He travels home almost every weekend.
He travels long distances by plane.
He travels to Ethiopia to see giraffes in their home.
He travels to and from Canada.
He travels to meet other travelers.
He travels under a pseudonym.
He travels with her.
He treasures his children.
He treated her like a queen.
He treated her with the utmost courtesy.
He treated him like a lackey.
He treated himself to a large dish of ice cream.
He treated himself to a new car.
He treated it with utmost care.
He treated me badly.
He treated me like a child.
He treated me unfairly.
He treated people wrong.
He treated them with the utmost courtesy.
He treats children well.
He treats her as a thing.
He treats his employees generously.
He treats his employees well.
He treats his experience as failure and he doesn’t get anything out of his experience.
He treats his mother-in-law like his own mother.
He treats me as a child.
He treats me as an adult.
He treats me as if I am a stranger.
He treats me as if I were a stranger.
He treats me like I'm the most important person on the planet.
He treats me like a child.
He treats me like a daughter.
He treats me like his slave.
He treats me really well.
He treats me very nice.
He treats me well.
He treats me with severity.
He treats needy people every day.
He treats the children well.
He treats them like chattel.
He trembled at the thought of the earthquake.
He trembles in fear.
He trembles with fear.
He tricked her into agreeing to his proposal.
He tricked her into doing his work for him.
He tricked her.
He tricked me into giving him my money.
He tricked me into giving him my wallet.
He tricked me into thinking that his favorite color is beige.
He tricked me.
He tricked out his car with the most ridiculous-looking spoilers and other accessories you can imagine.
He tricked them.
He tried a cheesecake.
He tried a different approach.
He tried a hundred times.
He tried again and again, but didn't succeed.
He tried again and again, but didn’t succeed.
He tried again and again.
He tried again, but in vain.
He tried again.
He tried climbing the distant mountain.
He tried coffee.
He tried dieting.
He tried different kind of foods one after another.
He tried different kinds of foods one after another.
He tried doing that by himself.
He tried everything to get that prize.
He tried everything to win this prize.
He tried fixing the exposed wires.
He tried for almost an hour.
He tried getting close to her using every means possible.
He tried getting closer to her using every possible means.
He tried hard but failed again.
He tried hard in vain.
He tried hard not to annoy her.
He tried hard not to cry.
He tried hard only to find that he was not fit for the job.
He tried hard, but achieved nothing.
He tried hard, but failed.
He tried hard, but he failed.
He tried harder to get good marks than I did.
He tried his best not to be late.
He tried his best not to get wet.
He tried his best only to fail again.
He tried his best to get her to help him.
He tried his best to help her.
He tried his best to ignore her.
He tried his best to look busy.
He tried his best to look happy.
He tried his best to look serious.
He tried his best to move the table by himself, but he couldn't.
He tried his best to pull himself together.
He tried his best, but in the end he was defeated.
He tried his best.
He tried his hardest to persuade her.
He tried his luck hitchhiking.
He tried his luck.
He tried in vain not to cry.
He tried in vain to convince her that he was innocent.
He tried in vain to convince them of his innocence.
He tried in vain to give up smoking.
He tried in vain to hide his pain.
He tried in vain to lift up the stone.
He tried in vain to open the box.
He tried in vain to open the locked door.
He tried in vain to pull the wool over my eyes.
He tried in vain to put an end to their heated discussion.
He tried in vain to quit smoking.
He tried in vain to solve the problem.
He tried it again, but in vain.
He tried it again, only to fail.
He tried it himself.
He tried it over and over again.
He tried it with a friend.
He tried it.
He tried killing my father.
He tried knocking at the door.
He tried listening.
He tried manipulating the situation, but we saw the truth.
He tried many different methods.
He tried more than once, only to fail.
He tried not to be too biased.
He tried not to cry.
He tried not to flinch as the needle approached.
He tried not to hurt anyone's feelings.
He tried not to hurt her.
He tried not to hurt others' feelings.
He tried not to hurt others’ feelings.
He tried not to look at her.
He tried not to make eye contact with her.
He tried not to show his fear.
He tried not to stare.
He tried not to think about her.
He tried not to think about what he had just done.
He tried opening the door.
He tried out for the ballet team.
He tried out for the new season of America's Got Talent.
He tried out that new machine.
He tried putting on his new shoes.
He tried running out.
He tried several times without success.
He tried several times, but did not succeed.
He tried several times, but failed.
He tried solving the problem.
He tried speaking French to us.
He tried that.
He tried the experiment again and again.
He tried the glasses on.
He tried the ice cream.
He tried the loquats.
He tried the tangerines.
He tried those clothes on.
He tried those glasses on.
He tried to absorb as much of the local culture as possible.
He tried to accumulate wealth.
He tried to act cheerfully, but we all knew how sad he felt.
He tried to adapt himself to his new surroundings.
He tried to adapt his conduct to his new environment.
He tried to appeal.
He tried to approach her by every possible means.
He tried to approach her using every possible means.
He tried to argue the matter away.
He tried to argue with her.
He tried to arrive on time.
He tried to assist her.
He tried to attack me.
He tried to attract her attention.
He tried to avoid eye contact.
He tried to avoid looking at her.
He tried to avoid touchy subjects.
He tried to awake people from their ignorance.
He tried to banish his anxiety.
He tried to barge in on me while I was getting dressed!
He tried to be atheist.
He tried to be brave while he was being held hostage.
He tried to be less obtrusive.
He tried to be nice to the neighbors.
He tried to be on time.
He tried to behave as bravely as possible while he was being held hostage.
He tried to benefit from the situation while I was away.
He tried to bite me.
He tried to blame me for everything.
He tried to borrow a large sum of money from them in vain.
He tried to brave it out while held as a hostage.
He tried to break free from the demon with help from Satan.
He tried to break his son's habit of smoking.
He tried to break his son’s habit of smoking.
He tried to break into her van as she sat in it.
He tried to break into the warehouse.
He tried to break the bank at Monte Carlo.
He tried to bring about peace.
He tried to bring the argument to an end.
He tried to bust up their friendship out of jealousy.
He tried to buy into the club.
He tried to cajole me into buying a candy bar for him.
He tried to call for help.
He tried to call the police.
He tried to catch Nicholas.
He tried to catch her.
He tried to catch his breath.
He tried to catch that tuna.
He tried to catch the bird but wasn't successful.
He tried to catch the bird, but couldn't.
He tried to catch the bird, but couldn’t.
He tried to catch the chicken.
He tried to catch the praying mantis.
He tried to catch up with her.
He tried to certify the matter as correct.
He tried to cheer up his wife, but wasn't able to.
He tried to choke her.
He tried to choke him.
He tried to climb the tall tree.
He tried to comfort Kevin.
He tried to comfort her, but she kept crying.
He tried to comfort her.
He tried to comfort his mother.
He tried to commit suicide.
He tried to compose himself.
He tried to conceal his anger.
He tried to conceal his ineptitude in a not-so-deft sleight of hand.
He tried to conceal his passion for her.
He tried to concentrate on the letter.
He tried to conciliate their anger by offering an apology.
He tried to console Mom.
He tried to console her.
He tried to contact her.
He tried to contain his excitement.
He tried to control his anger.
He tried to control his emotions.
He tried to control his fear.
He tried to control his temper.
He tried to convert his parents to Islam.
He tried to convey how he felt.
He tried to convince her to tell the truth, but she had no reaction.
He tried to convince his boss to give him more vacation days.
He tried to convince me that Islam is the right way.
He tried to convince them of his innocence in vain.
He tried to convince them of his innocence.
He tried to cook something for her.
He tried to couch his criticism in humor.
He tried to cover up his mistake.
He tried to cut his own hair.
He tried to cut the meat with a dull knife.
He tried to date a Kabyle girl.
He tried to date an Algerian girl.
He tried to deceive her.
He tried to defend her.
He tried to defend himself.
He tried to devise a plan for getting rid of termites.
He tried to discredit her.
He tried to disguise his voice.
He tried to dissuade her.
He tried to distract her.
He tried to distract the cops.
He tried to do it by himself.
He tried to do it, but he couldn't.
He tried to do that by himself, but he wasn't able to.
He tried to do that by himself.
He tried to drag me with him.
He tried to draw the bow with all his strength and shoot an arrow far.
He tried to drink with a cup for the first time, but he spilled all the water onto his clothes.
He tried to drown her.
He tried to drown himself in his bathtub.
He tried to drown himself in the bathtub.
He tried to drown himself.
He tried to elicit a response from her.
He tried to embrace her.
He tried to engage me in the conversation.
He tried to enjoy himself at the party.
He tried to enlarge his sphere of influence.
He tried to enter Algeria with an expired diplomatic passport.
He tried to escape with the phoney money.
He tried to explain everything to her.
He tried to explain his idea to her.
He tried to explain that in his bad Berber.
He tried to explain that to her.
He tried to explain the situation to her.
He tried to explain what was happening to her.
He tried to fasten his attention on the letter.
He tried to fasten his seatbelt.
He tried to figure out the answer by himself.
He tried to find out what he was up against.
He tried to find the ghost.
He tried to fix it himself.
He tried to fix the problem.
He tried to flee to Algeria.
He tried to flog his old bike, but no one would buy it.
He tried to fool Ryan.
He tried to fool her.
He tried to force an entrance into the house.
He tried to force the door open.
He tried to frame her.
He tried to gain her affection.
He tried to gain time by making a longer speech.
He tried to get a better look.
He tried to get away from her.
He tried to get her on the phone without success.
He tried to get her to do his homework for him.
He tried to get his job back.
He tried to get in contact with her.
He tried to get in touch with her.
He tried to get into the fight.
He tried to get involved in the Muslim community.
He tried to get it at the expense of self-respect.
He tried to get me to help him.
He tried to get off the train.
He tried to get rid of the ants.
He tried to get the dress out of the fire.
He tried to get the woman off his mind, but the oddness of her conversation continued to bother him.
He tried to get up early.
He tried to give her assurance.
He tried to give me strength.
He tried to give up smoking but in vain.
He tried to give up smoking last year, but it was in vain.
He tried to give up smoking several times, but failed.
He tried to go through her phone.
He tried to grasp the rail.
He tried to harass her.
He tried to have fun.
He tried to help her.
He tried to help the old lady.
He tried to help.
He tried to hide behind her father.
He tried to hide behind his father.
He tried to hide his anger.
He tried to hide his annoyance.
He tried to hide his anxiety.
He tried to hide his concern.
He tried to hide his confusion.
He tried to hide his excitement.
He tried to hide his fear.
He tried to hide his feelings.
He tried to hide his nervousness.
He tried to hide his pain.
He tried to hide his shame.
He tried to hide his smile.
He tried to hide his surprise.
He tried to hide his tears.
He tried to hide the test answers under his pants.
He tried to hide what was really going on.
He tried to hit her.
He tried to hit me last night.
He tried to hold back his anger.
He tried to hold back his tears.
He tried to hug her.
He tried to hurt her.
He tried to ignore her.
He tried to ignore the banging.
He tried to ignore the negative thoughts.
He tried to ignore those strange occurrences.
He tried to imagine what the client was like.
He tried to imitate her.
He tried to impress her.
He tried to impress his boss.
He tried to impress his friends.
He tried to impress the boss.
He tried to intimidate her.
He tried to join the school band.
He tried to keep away from her.
He tried to keep back his tears.
He tried to keep dry as best he could.
He tried to keep his breathing steady.
He tried to keep his tears at bay.
He tried to keep his voice cheerful.
He tried to keep it from her.
He tried to keep the secret back from us.
He tried to keep up with her.
He tried to kick her.
He tried to kick open the door.
He tried to kidnap her.
He tried to kill her.
He tried to kill him!
He tried to kill himself because he lost her love.
He tried to kill himself but it ended in failure.
He tried to kill himself last week.
He tried to kill himself yesterday.
He tried to kill himself.
He tried to kill me.
He tried to kill us.
He tried to kiss her.
He tried to kiss me on the mouth.
He tried to kiss me.
He tried to knock at the door.
He tried to laugh her out of her foolish belief.
He tried to laugh off the embarrassing situation.
He tried to learn Berber.
He tried to learn French.
He tried to learn Greek, but soon got tired and gave it up.
He tried to lift me in his arms.
He tried to lift the box by himself, but he wasn't strong enough.
He tried to lighten the mood.
He tried to live as far away from Algiers as he could.
He tried to look serious, but it turned out funny.
He tried to maintain a calm expression, but his shaking hands betrayed him.
He tried to make Scott laugh.
He tried to make both ends meet.
He tried to make friends with her.
He tried to make himself comfortable.
He tried to make his point.
He tried to make his reports scientific.
He tried to make his wife happy, but he couldn't.
He tried to make his wife happy, but in vain.
He tried to make me laugh.
He tried to make that dream come true.
He tried to make the robot run.
He tried to make up for his lack of sleep by taking a nap.
He tried to make up for lost time.
He tried to manipulate Brian.
He tried to manipulate her.
He tried to manipulate me.
He tried to master French.
He tried to meet his parents' requirements.
He tried to meet the requirements of his parents.
He tried to memorize the conversation.
He tried to murder her.
He tried to murder us.
He tried to never think of her.
He tried to open the box in vain.
He tried to open the door.
He tried to open the window.
He tried to overcome his scruples.
He tried to parade his knowledge.
He tried to pass himself off as a Frenchman, but his accent gave him away.
He tried to peer through the glass.
He tried to perform oral sex on me while I was asleep.
He tried to persuade her in vain.
He tried to persuade her.
He tried to persuade his parents to let him go to Boston by himself.
He tried to play two roles at the same time and failed.
He tried to poison her.
He tried to prepare himself.
He tried to prise the door open with a crowbar, but without success.
He tried to protect her.
He tried to protect himself.
He tried to protect his face.
He tried to protect his family.
He tried to protect his kids.
He tried to protect them.
He tried to pull a fast one on me.
He tried to punch me, but I dodged it and tripped him. Then he lost his balance and ended up sprawled on the floor.
He tried to push me into the water.
He tried to put an arm around his shoulders, but he shook it off.
He tried to put an end to their quarrel.
He tried to put his arm around her.
He tried to put me off with more promises.
He tried to put the blame on me.
He tried to put the fragments of a broken vase together.
He tried to put the moves on her.
He tried to rationalize his foolish actions.
He tried to reach Jacob.
He tried to reach her.
He tried to read the Quran but he couldn't understand it.
He tried to reason with her.
He tried to reassure George.
He tried to reassure her.
He tried to recall her face – her eyes, hair, nose and mouth.
He tried to recover his balance.
He tried to reduce his weight.
He tried to reflect the radical changes in Japanese society in his films.
He tried to reform the party from within.
He tried to regain his balance.
He tried to relax, but he couldn't.
He tried to remain impassive and convince himself that it was none of his business.
He tried to remember her face – her eyes, hair, nose and mouth.
He tried to remember the last time he'd drunk wine with her.
He tried to rescue her.
He tried to rescue the children.
He tried to restrain her.
He tried to restrain his anger.
He tried to resuscitate her.
He tried to reverse the polarity.
He tried to revive Eric.
He tried to revive her.
He tried to rip out her belly button ring.
He tried to rob Jason.
He tried to rob her.
He tried to rob me.
He tried to rob my house.
He tried to rob the bank but was beaten up by the guards.
He tried to run.
He tried to sabotage the program.
He tried to save Jeffrey.
He tried to save her.
He tried to save something from his travel expenses.
He tried to say something in Berber, but I didn't understand.
He tried to say something in Berber.
He tried to say something to her.
He tried to scam me, but I told him to shove it.
He tried to scare Gary.
He tried to scare her.
He tried to seduce her with sweet promises.
He tried to seduce me.
He tried to seem calm but his trembling hands betrayed him.
He tried to sell his house.
He tried to sell his old couch.
He tried to sell his ridiculous hats.
He tried to sell the boss the new idea.
He tried to sell the house.
He tried to settle the matter with her.
He tried to shoot her.
He tried to sidetrack the discussion.
He tried to sleep on the floor.
He tried to sneak into the movie theater.
He tried to sneak out of the tent.
He tried to solve the problem, but had no luck.
He tried to solve the problem, only to fail.
He tried to solve the problem, which he found very difficult.
He tried to solve the problem.
He tried to soothe the angry man.
He tried to speak French to us.
He tried to speak by word or gesture.
He tried to speak, but he couldn't.
He tried to stab her.
He tried to stab me in the back.
He tried to stand up.
He tried to start a fire.
He tried to start the bus.
He tried to stay away from her.
He tried to stay calm.
He tried to stop Edward.
He tried to stop her.
He tried to stop me.
He tried to stop that car.
He tried to strangle her.
He tried to strike up a conversation with the police officer.
He tried to study all night, but in vain.
He tried to swim against the current.
He tried to swim against the tide.
He tried to take hold of the sheep.
He tried to talk her into doing it.
He tried to talk her out it.
He tried to talk some sense into her.
He tried to talk to her time and time again.
He tried to talk to us in French.
He tried to talk, but he couldn't.
He tried to teach them Berber.
He tried to tell her that he didn't like her.
He tried to tell her that he liked her.
He tried to tell her that he loved her.
He tried to touch my leg.
He tried to trick Timothy.
He tried to trick her.
He tried to trick me.
He tried to turn on the bus.
He tried to understand what happened.
He tried to unfasten his seatbelt.
He tried to unify the various groups.
He tried to use my computer without my finding out about it.
He tried to use reverse psychology on her.
He tried to walk, but his legs kept failing him.
He tried to walk, but his legs kept giving way under him.
He tried to warn Ronald.
He tried to warn her.
He tried to warn me.
He tried to warn the guards about that.
He tried to wean his son from his bad habit.
He tried to win her affection.
He tried to win.
He tried to write a book about Islam.
He tried to write down everything the teacher said.
He tried to yank the splinter out with his teeth.
He tried unsuccessfully to domineer over his office workers.
He tried very hard to live up to his parents expectations.
He tried with all his might to lift the box.
He tried with all his might to push the door open.
He tried with all his might to stretch the bow and shoot the arrow as far as possible.
He tried wooing her with love poems.
He tried writing a short story.
He tried, and he did it.
He tried, and he got it.
He tried, but he couldn't do that.
He tried, in vain, to borrow a large sum of money from them.
He tried.
He tries again and again.
He tries hard.
He tries harder.
He tries to avoid traveling by air.
He tries to be unlikable. People make fun of him, and no one praises him.
He tries to buy only products made in Algeria.
He tries to convince her every day.
He tries to forget.
He tries to have power over me.
He tries to help the prince in any way he can.
He tries to hide but he's revealed for all to see.
He tries to impress his friends.
He tries to improve his English.
He tries to keep abreast of his classmates.
He tries to keep up with his classmates.
He tries to lie.
He tries to look different.
He tries to make a good text for the audience.
He tries to make me angry.
He tries to make sure he doesn't fall behind his classmates.
He tries to manage his time better.
He tries to stay away from junk food.
He tries to stop smoking.
He tries to take control of my life.
He tries to take over my life.
He tries to teach everything he learns.
He tries to understand too much.
He tries too hard to understand.
He tries.
He trimmed his beard for the wedding.
He trimmed the ivy.
He tripped and scraped his knee.
He tripped and sprained his ankle.
He tripped her.
He tripped him up.
He tripped me and I fell flat on my face.
He tripped me.
He tripped over a stone.
He tripped.
He trips over his tongue.
He trod on my foot deliberately.
He trod on my foot on purpose in the train.
He trotted out with her fish, and brought it back again a few moments later, liberally nutmegged and very much to the lady’s taste.
He truly is a prodigy.
He truly is a wonderful friend.
He truly likes you.
He truly loves me.
He truly wants the best for me, and that’s reassuring.
He trussed up the thief.
He trusted Tom.
He trusted her completely.
He trusted her implicitly.
He trusted her with everything he had.
He trusted her with his deepest fears.
He trusted her with his life.
He trusted her without hesitation.
He trusted her.
He trusted him.
He trusted his defence lawyer.
He trusted his defense attorney.
He trusted his friends.
He trusted his instincts.
He trusted me.
He trusted them.
He trusted you.
He trusts her completely.
He trusts her instincts.
He trusts her.
He trusts him.
He trusts his assistant quite a lot.
He trusts his doctors.
He trusts his intuition.
He trusts his wife to a great extent.
He trusts in God.
He trusts me.
He trusts the dentist.
He trusts the learning process.
He trusts the process of growth.
He trusts us.
He trusts you 100%.
He trusts you.
He tucked his shirt in.
He tucked his shirt into his trousers.
He tucked his son into bed.
He tucked the blanket under the bed.
He tucked the corners of the bedsheet tightly under the mattress.
He tucked the handkerchief in his pocket.
He tucked the napkin under his chin.
He tugged his white shirt out of his trousers.
He tumbled down the stairs.
He tumbled into the recess.
He tumbled on a steep slope while skiing.
He tumbles down all the poor people's chimneys, and fills up the stockings to overflowing.
He tuned her guitar for her.
He tuned his guitar.
He turned 16 years old.
He turned 16.
He turned 40.
He turned Christian.
He turned Linda down.
He turned a blind eye to him.
He turned a blind eye.
He turned a deaf ear to me.
He turned a deaf ear to my advice.
He turned a deaf ear to my request.
He turned a deaf ear to my words.
He turned a deaf ear to their complaints.
He turned a deaf ear to their request.
He turned a smile on her.
He turned a somersault.
He turned a sweet smile on her.
He turned and ran after her.
He turned and stared at her.
He turned and waved to me.
He turned angrily on his accusers.
He turned around and faced her.
He turned around and looked at her.
He turned around and looked back.
He turned around and walked away.
He turned around and walked back the way he'd come.
He turned around as if he sensed my presence.
He turned around to face her.
He turned around when I called.
He turned around.
He turned away from them in embarrassment.
He turned away the question.
He turned away.
He turned back a couple of times to check that no one was following him.
He turned back halfway.
He turned back to God.
He turned back to help her up the stairs.
He turned back.
He turned blue.
He turned bright red.
He turned down her request for a day off.
He turned down my application.
He turned down my offer.
He turned down our proposal.
He turned down the volume.
He turned down their invitation.
He turned her down, of course.
He turned her down.
He turned himself in to the police.
He turned himself in.
He turned his artistic gifts to good account by becoming a painter.
He turned his attention to the picture.
He turned his back on her and headed for the stairs.
He turned his back on her.
He turned his back on his Algerian roots.
He turned his back on me and walked quickly away.
He turned his back on me when I needed him most.
He turned his back on me.
He turned his back on the old tradition.
He turned his back on the old traditions.
He turned his blinker on.
He turned his bowl upside down.
He turned his coat around.
He turned his coat inside out.
He turned his experience to good account.
He turned his flashlight on.
He turned his gaze upwards and looked at the sky.
He turned his gaze westwards.
He turned his head slightly looking at me out of the corner of his eye.
He turned his head suddenly, and I saw his face.
He turned his head.
He turned his jacket around.
He turned his mind to it.
He turned his tail and ran.
He turned his thoughts toward home.
He turned his violence against himself.
He turned in a blank test paper.
He turned in his resignation.
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
He turned into a Catholic.
He turned into a wolf.
He turned into berserker mode.
He turned into the finest inn, ordered the best chamber and his favourite dinner; for now that he had so much money he was really rich.
He turned into the ridgeway and drew towards the barn.
He turned it green.
He turned left.
He turned me in.
He turned me into a Muslim.
He turned my life upside down.
He turned off all the lights at eleven.
He turned off all the lights.
He turned off his bedside lamp.
He turned off his computer.
He turned off his desk lamp.
He turned off his headlights.
He turned off his phone.
He turned off the TV and began to study.
He turned off the computer.
He turned off the faucets.
He turned off the light and he went to bed.
He turned off the light.
He turned off the lights.
He turned on Linda.
He turned on all the lights of the hallway.
He turned on every light in the house.
He turned on his blinker.
He turned on his computer.
He turned on his flashlight.
He turned on his headlights.
He turned on his high beams.
He turned on the TV, and promptly fell asleep sitting before the set.
He turned on the faucet and a jet of water came out.
He turned on the light and, taking his sword, ran to the boys, but when he got there he saw an amazing thing, for Hercules was laughing showing off the dead serpents.
He turned on the light.
He turned on the lights.
He turned on the news.
He turned on the oven.
He turned on the radio.
He turned on the speakerphone.
He turned on the stove.
He turned on the tap, and out came a jet of water.
He turned on the television and sat down to watch the news.
He turned on the television.
He turned out her father.
He turned out to be a liar when all was said and done.
He turned out to be a psychopath.
He turned out to be a real disappointment after we went through hell and high water to find him.
He turned out to be a true friend.
He turned out to be a truly special person.
He turned out to be arrogant, hypocritical and selfish.
He turned out to be her father.
He turned out to be in love with her.
He turned out to be innocent.
He turned out to be married.
He turned out to be nothing but a liar.
He turned out to be right.
He turned over a calendar.
He turned over a new leaf in life.
He turned over a new leaf when he met her.
He turned over in bed.
He turned over in his sleep.
He turned over the business to his son.
He turned over the matter in his mind.
He turned over.
He turned pale at the news.
He turned pale the instant he saw her.
He turned pale to hear that.
He turned pale when he heard that news.
He turned pale with fear.
He turned pale with fright.
He turned pale.
He turned quickly.
He turned red with excitement.
He turned red with shame.
He turned red.
He turned right.
He turned round from side to side to look at himself in the mirror.
He turned round.
He turned seventeen in February.
He turned sharp left.
He turned sharply to look at her.
He turned swiftly down a narrow passage, passed through a wooden gate into a deserted yard, and then opened with a key the back door of a house. We entered together, and he closed it behind us.
He turned tail and ran.
He turned the TV off.
He turned the bedroom into an office.
He turned the bottle upside down and shook it, but still the honey wouldn't come out.
He turned the bottle upside down and shook it, but still the honey wouldn’t come out.
He turned the bottle upside down and shook it, but the honey still wouldn't flow out.
He turned the computer off.
He turned the computer on.
He turned the conversation to something else.
He turned the corner.
He turned the dial on the bicycle lock.
He turned the doorknob with his left hand.
He turned the garden into a dump.
He turned the ground upside down.
He turned the handle slowly.
He turned the handle to open the door.
He turned the ignition key.
He turned the key.
He turned the music down.
He turned the music off.
He turned the other ones against me.
He turned the oven on.
He turned the page.
He turned the pages of his notebook.
He turned the problem over in his mind for three days before he did anything about it.
He turned the sausages on the grill.
He turned the steering wheel the other way about.
He turned the stove on.
He turned the table upside down.
He turned the tables on his rival with allegations of corruption.
He turned this island into his own little country.
He turned to God.
He turned to Islamic fundamentalism.
He turned to a bottle of whisky to forget.
He turned to a tall woman nearby.
He turned to give me a nasty glance.
He turned to go.
He turned to her and asked her a question.
He turned to him worriedly.
He turned to his daughter, who was by this time so much recovered as to be able to walk home.
He turned to his friend for help.
He turned to his friends for help.
He turned to his orange juice sullenly, sneering that every little additive would sign him up for experiments he wanted no part in.
He turned to his side, his face facing the window.
He turned to me and put his hands on my shoulders.
He turned to me.
He turned to the left at the corner.
He turned to the left.
He turned to the right instead of turning to the left.
He turned to us and smiled.
He turned towards me.
He turned towards the sound.
He turned traitor.
He turned up 30 minutes late.
He turned up a key to the solution of the mystery.
He turned up an hour later.
He turned up half an hour late.
He turned up his nose at my suggestion.
He turned up the volume of the music louder.
He turned up the volume on the television.
He turned up the volume so that everybody could hear well.
He turned up the volume, so everyone heard well.
He turned us into a laughing stock with his antics.
He turned white.
He turned with a vengeance against the religion he was brought up in.
He turned.
He turns 20 three days before New Year.
He turns a deaf ear to me.
He turns a withering glance to her.
He turns bears and tigers into rugs.
He turns dreams into reality.
He turns everything into poetry.
He turns everything to good account.
He turns me on when he wears those clothes.
He turns off the lights so as not to waste electricity.
He turns to the internet for reassurance but finds mixed messages.
He turns up his nose at everything.
He turns, and sees her sleeping blissfully next to him.
He tutored Silya.
He twaddled all night.
He tweaked a few lines.
He tweeted that photo.
He twirled his lasso skillfully.
He twirled his moustache.
He twirled his mustache.
He twisted his ankle while hiking.
He twisted his ankle.
He twisted my arm.
He twisted the paper in her hands.
He typed comments.
He typed the street name into the car's GPS.
He types extremely fast but with lots of mistakes.
He types well.
He typically didn't enter early.
He typified the times in which he lived.
He ultimately gave up.
He unbuckled his belt.
He unbuckled his seatbelt.
He unbuttoned her shirt.
He unbuttoned his jacket.
He unbuttoned his shirt.
He unceremoniously threw her on the bed.
He unclenched his fist.
He unclogged the drain.
He uncorked a bottle of wine and poured himself a glass.
He uncorked the bottle.
He uncovered a dead body.
He uncovered the truth.
He uncrossed his legs.
He underestimated her worth.
He underestimated her.
He underestimated his enemy.
He underestimated his opponent.
He underestimates Mina.
He underlined the urgent need for immediate action.
He underlines the important words in red so he can focus on the meaning.
He understands Bangla.
He understands Bengali.
He understands Esperanto well.
He understands French, doesn't he?
He understands French.
He understands Yiddish.
He understands at a glance.
He understands everything right on the spot.
He understands everything.
He understands her anxieties.
He understands her feelings.
He understands her needs.
He understands her problems more or less.
He understands her.
He understands how you feel.
He understands ideas such as "same" and "different."
He understands it.
He understands more or less his problems.
He understands physics.
He understands that.
He understands the problem.
He understands the risks.
He understands the severity of this charge.
He understands what he has to do.
He understands why I don't like Algiers.
He understands your feelings and thoughts even without words.
He understands.
He understood and remembered easily everything that was taught to him; his teachers were very happy about it.
He understood early.
He understood everything.
He understood he could not win.
He understood her feelings and thoughts without words.
He understood her feelings.
He understood her.
He understood his moment had arrived.
He understood it completely.
He understood it was difficult for him to make friends.
He understood me.
He understood that he was wrong.
He understood that she was wrong.
He understood the negative outcomes of being wasteful.
He understood the sentence completely, but couldn't translate it.
He understood the value of political relationships well because he was a lawyer.
He understood what Skura meant.
He understood what her words meant straight away.
He understood what his words meant straight away.
He understood your feelings and thoughts even without words.
He understood your feelings and thoughts without words.
He understood.
He undertook a great deal of work.
He underwent a risky operation.
He underwent brain surgery.
He underwent severe criticism.
He underwent very heavy questioning.
He undressed and went down nude towards the beach.
He undressed her with his eyes.
He undressed me with his eyes.
He undressed.
He unexpectedly called you stupid.
He unexpectedly met her in the market.
He unfolded his napkin.
He unfolded the blanket and wrapped it around himself.
He unfurled the flag and laid it on his bed so that he could roll his piglet in it.
He unintentionally revived his mother-in-law.
He unknowingly built an armor around his heart.
He unknowingly slept with his sister.
He unleashed his dog.
He unleashed his dogs.
He unloaded the car.
He unloaded the cargo from the ship onto the pier.
He unlocked his car and got in.
He unlocked his car.
He unlocked his office door.
He unlocked his suitcase.
He unlocked the cells.
He unlocked the door for her.
He unlocked the door.
He unlocked the front gate.
He unmade the bed, scattering the pillows and sheets.
He unpacked his suitcase.
He unplugged his guitar.
He unrolled his sleeping bag.
He unrolled his yoga mat.
He unscrewed the cap and handed the jar to her.
He unscrewed the towel rack.
He untied his ponytail.
He unwrapped his sandwich.
He unzipped his backpack.
He unzipped his coat.
He unzipped his jacket.
He unzipped his knapsack.
He unzipped his pants.
He unzipped his trousers.
He up and beat me.
He updated his Facebook status.
He updated his status on his Facebook.
He uploaded a new video.
He uploaded a parody of a popular song to his YouTube channel.
He uploaded the files to a database.
He uploaded those videos onto TikTok.
He upped its value.
He upped one end of the plank.
He upped the price for him.
He urged for collective action.
He urged her to drive carefully.
He urged her to say indecent things.
He urged his government not to sign it.
He urged his horse along.
He urged his horse into a gallop.
He urged me to go with her.
He urged me to think again.
He urged them to come to an agreement.
He urged them to cooperate.
He urged us to follow the rules.
He urged us to obey the rule.
He urgently needs to find work.
He used Rima for attention.
He used a big piece of paper to make the bag.
He used a can opener to open the can.
He used a fake I.D.
He used a goad to drive the oxen.
He used a headache as an excuse for leaving early.
He used a lot of honey.
He used a mallet to drive the wooden pegs into the ground.
He used a mitre saw for the corners.
He used a piece of paper to erase the whiteboard.
He used a seat belt and a knife to fight off the angry brown snake.
He used a sterilized piercing needle to pierce his belly button.
He used a towel to dry his hair.
He used a weed eater to cut the grass near the fence.
He used a wire to connect the new light.
He used all available means.
He used all his strength to crawl out of the wrecked car.
He used all his wealth for the benefit of the poor.
He used an umbrella as a weapon.
He used books as pillows.
He used chopsticks in an awkward way.
He used clamps.
He used derogatory remarks towards me.
He used devious tactics to sabotage the race.
He used every chance to practice English.
He used every trick in the book.
He used evidence to buttress his claims.
He used flavorings from trees and plants like sassafras and sarsaparilla, wintergreen, birch bark, herbs and juniper berries.
He used force on his children.
He used forty gallons of water to wash his towel.
He used her bike without asking permission.
He used her phone.
He used her.
He used his computer.
He used his ex to cheat on his wife.
He used his hand to screen the sunlight from his eyes.
He used his handkerchief to wipe away her tears.
He used his head.
He used his imagination.
He used his key.
He used his satellite phone to call her.
He used his shield to defend himself.
He used his sleeve to erase the whiteboard.
He used his umbrella as a weapon.
He used magic.
He used me as a guinea pig.
He used my name.
He used my toothbrush.
He used only pencil to draw the picture.
He used pigeons in his experiment.
He used pigeons in his experiments.
He used reverse psychology on her.
He used saliva as lubricant.
He used so much inflated language in his speech today I couldn't figure out what he was saying.
He used so much inflated language in his speech today I couldn’t figure out what he was saying.
He used that moment to escape.
He used that opportunity to escape.
He used the TikTok video to drive traffic to that website.
He used the alfil to beat me at chess.
He used the axe to chop the wood.
He used the bathroom before leaving the restaurant.
He used the book as a shield.
He used the bus to block the road.
He used the chopsticks in an awkward way.
He used the debit card again.
He used the debit card to purchase things.
He used the dictionary.
He used the distraction to escape.
He used the fact that his sleeve was caught in the brambles as a pretext to do nothing.
He used the money he stole from her to buy himself a new bicycle.
He used the money to buy a Porsche.
He used the money to help the poor.
He used the monster's blood to gain eternal youth.
He used the orphans as slaves.
He used the phone.
He used the projector to show his presentation to the manager.
He used the raft to cross the bay.
He used the strainer to strain out the spaghetti.
He used the tool skilfully.
He used the towel again.
He used the umbrella to defend himself.
He used the weapons to fend off the dinosaurs.
He used the word half-a-dozen times in as many lines.
He used the word in a good sense.
He used these exact words.
He used this table.
He used those glasses for reading.
He used to always wear a watch, but now he just looks at his smart phone.
He used to ask me so many questions about Germany.
He used to be a Berber teacher in our village.
He used to be a Berber teacher.
He used to be a gentleman.
He used to be a man of fortune.
He used to be a nice boy.
He used to be a professor, but now he is the dean.
He used to be a quiet man.
He used to be an imaginative boy.
He used to be as strong as Hercules, though.
He used to be best friends with her.
He used to be drunk by this time every night.
He used to be engaged to her.
He used to be full of joy.
He used to be married to Tom Jackson.
He used to be married to her.
He used to be on the basketball team.
He used to be the mayor.
He used to be the perfect guy.
He used to be well off and generous, but now he lives from hand to mouth.
He used to bully his friends.
He used to buy his glasses at the optician's.
He used to call me every night.
He used to coach those kids.
He used to collect beetles when he was a kid.
He used to come here for a talk on Sundays.
He used to come here on Mondays.
He used to come here to take the treatment.
He used to come to see me on Sunday.
He used to date an actress.
He used to date her.
He used to despise her.
He used to do that, didn't he?
He used to doing things differently.
He used to dress like that.
He used to drink a lot before he met her.
He used to drink beer.
He used to drink.
He used to eat chocolate and sweets.
He used to eat out every day, but he can’t afford it.
He used to eat out every day, but now he can't afford it.
He used to eat out every day, but now he can’t afford it.
He used to enjoy being with her.
He used to feed that squirrel every day.
He used to get advice from her.
He used to get up early when he was young.
He used to get up early.
He used to go for a daily walk.
He used to go for a walk after dinner.
He used to go for a walk each day.
He used to go mountain climbing with her.
He used to go out at night.
He used to go out with her.
He used to go to school by bicycle, but he takes a bus now.
He used to go to school by bicycle, but now he goes by bus.
He used to go to school with her.
He used to go to the mosque a lot.
He used to go to the mosque.
He used to go to the museum on Sunday.
He used to go to the museum on Sundays.
He used to harass me.
He used to hate K-pop.
He used to hate her.
He used to hate her. Now he loves her.
He used to hate me.
He used to haunt those caves as a little boy.
He used to have a Porsche.
He used to have a good piece of land in Algeria.
He used to have a lot more sheep.
He used to have a very bad pictures about Islam and Muslims.
He used to have bread for breakfast.
He used to hear footsteps in the old house.
He used to help her with her homework.
He used to hunt in Kabylie.
He used to hunt.
He used to laugh a good deal.
He used to laugh at her.
He used to like Berber grammar.
He used to like Berber.
He used to like hanging out with her.
He used to like hot.
He used to lisp.
He used to live deep in the forest.
He used to live here.
He used to live in Kabyle, Algeria.
He used to live in Tel Aviv.
He used to live in a haunted house for four years.
He used to live in a haunted house.
He used to live in dreams.
He used to live inside a tent.
He used to live near her.
He used to live on the street.
He used to love her.
He used to love her. Now he can't stand her.
He used to love his job.
He used to love that.
He used to love the shore.
He used to make us laugh with his jokes.
He used to meditate in the morning.
He used to play basketball, but he doesn't anymore.
He used to play football before his marriage.
He used to play poker with us.
He used to play soccer.
He used to play tennis with her.
He used to play that song constantly.
He used to play the violin in his youth.
He used to play with her in his childhood.
He used to pray in the mosque.
He used to pray.
He used to raise bears.
He used to read a lot.
He used to read at night.
He used to read the Quran every day.
He used to read the Quran in the kitchen.
He used to read the Quran there.
He used to run every day for an hour.
He used to run one of the most popular restaurants in Algiers.
He used to say he didn't know how to pray... And now he lives immersed in prayer. Life is a sublime gift, something like no other. The prayer echoes the voice of the Heart.
He used to say so, but now he doesn't.
He used to say so, but now he doesn’t.
He used to shine so brightly, but to be taken advantage of by a young lover in his old age—he really has sullied his later years.
He used to sit reading for hours.
He used to smoke, but he's stopped now.
He used to smoke, but now he doesn't.
He used to smoke, but now he doesn’t.
He used to spend a lot of time with her.
He used to spend hours studying French.
He used to suffer from severe nasal congestion.
He used to suffer from stomach aches.
He used to take classes there.
He used to tell everybody he loved her.
He used to tell me stories about India.
He used to train to become the best.
He used to try very hard to get straight As.
He used to walk every day.
He used to walk to his office.
He used to walk to work.
He used to whine all day.
He used to win a lot, didn't he?
He used to work as a copywriter.
He used to work as a stuntman.
He used to work at a petstore in Kabylie.
He used to work at that police station.
He used to work at the farm owned by his grandparents.
He used to work at the post office.
He used to work for her.
He used to work for me.
He used to work hard as a lumberjack.
He used to work in a dairy.
He used to work in a restaurant.
He used to work there.
He used to work with her.
He used to work.
He used too much glue.
He used two different pronouns in the same sentence.
He used up all his money.
He used up all his savings for that car.
He used up all his water.
He used water colors in short vertical brush-strokes.
He used your cheese.
He used your name.
He used your toothbrush.
He uses Berber.
He uses Google Translate.
He uses Snapchat.
He uses a diplomatic passport to travel.
He uses a lot of Berber with his friends.
He uses a lot of honey.
He uses a pencil with a fine point.
He uses a screwdriver.
He uses a spatula to scrape off advertisements that were stuck on the ground.
He uses a wheelchair to get around.
He uses a wheelchair to move around.
He uses an EMS to gain muscle.
He uses an axe to split the wood.
He uses an old-fashioned razor, with shaving cream, for a closer shave.
He uses an old-style razor, with shaving cream, for a closer shave.
He uses bitcoins to purchase illicit drugs.
He uses different aspects of Scottish dialects.
He uses direct straightforward communication.
He uses extreme care when he drives in the rain.
He uses fake names.
He uses fake weights.
He uses foul language whenever he gets angry.
He uses he/him and they/them pronouns.
He uses his brain, doesn't he?
He uses honey instead of sugar.
He uses humor to convert people to Islam.
He uses idioms all the time.
He uses legal language very often.
He uses manipulative tactics to make me feel guilty.
He uses noise-canceling headphones.
He uses others for his own goals.
He uses paper towels.
He uses the card to purchase things.
He uses the old to make the new.
He uses the same books as you use.
He uses the same dictionary as I do.
He uses the silence tactic.
He uses this bus frequently.
He uses this phone a lot.
He uses two new profiles.
He ushered his guests into the great hall of the castle.
He ushered me to the hall.
He usually accomplishes whatever he tries to do.
He usually asks for the menu of the day and a glass of beer.
He usually bikes to school.
He usually comes here on Tuesdays.
He usually comes home late.
He usually comes in time.
He usually comes to the school late.
He usually cries when he's scared.
He usually cycles to school.
He usually does that by himself.
He usually does that for her.
He usually doesn't brag.
He usually doesn't do that by himself.
He usually doesn't have to work on Friday afternoons.
He usually drinks tea and sometimes coffee.
He usually drops in at my place.
He usually eats his lunch alone.
He usually eats quickly.
He usually fed his dog cheap dog food.
He usually feels sleepy in the early afternoon.
He usually gets home at six o'clock in the afternoon.
He usually gets home at six o’clock in the afternoon.
He usually gets sleepy in the afternoon.
He usually gets up at six.
He usually gets up early.
He usually gets what he asks for.
He usually gets what he wants.
He usually goes fishing by himself.
He usually goes home at five o'clock.
He usually goes home at five.
He usually goes rowing by himself.
He usually goes to McDonald's.
He usually goes to McDonald’s.
He usually goes to bed at eleven.
He usually goes to bed at ten.
He usually goes to bed just before midnight.
He usually goes to school by bike.
He usually goes to school by bus.
He usually goes to school on foot.
He usually goes to the park with his dog.
He usually goes to work at 8 a.m.
He usually got up early.
He usually has a shower before breakfast.
He usually keeps his promises.
He usually keeps things to himself.
He usually keeps to himself.
He usually looks through the newspapers before breakfast.
He usually only eats eggs for breakfast.
He usually operates behind tightly closed doors.
He usually pays for everything in cash.
He usually pretends to be an unmotivated English teacher, but he's actually a CIA agent.
He usually seems to agree with her.
He usually shops at the market.
He usually sits in the back of the classroom.
He usually sits over there.
He usually sleeps on his back.
He usually speaks French to her.
He usually speaks French with her.
He usually stays home on Saturdays.
He usually succeeded.
He usually takes a bath in the evening.
He usually takes a shower before breakfast.
He usually takes a walk, book in hand.
He usually takes the ferry between Helsinki and Stockholm.
He usually takes the initiative in discussions.
He usually translates all his sentences into Elefen.
He usually uses credit cards instead of cash.
He usually wakes up at six.
He usually walks to school with her.
He usually walks to school.
He usually wants to practise his English on me.
He usually was not involved directly.
He usually watches the weather report in the morning before leaving home.
He usually wears sunglasses even when it's not so bright.
He usually went to bed at eleven.
He usually went to the beach on Friday.
He usually wins.
He usually works from nine to five-thirty.
He usually works late.
He uttered an excellent word.
He uttered an inappropriate word.
He uttered an incomprehensible oath in the local vernacular before going on his way.
He uttered it, it's done.
He uttered many insults to his adversary.
He utters an exclamation of annoyance.
He vacated the lease.
He vacationed in Kabylie.
He vacuumed his bedroom.
He vacuumed his car.
He vacuumed the apartment.
He vaguely remembers meeting her.
He vainly tried to convince them of his innocence.
He valiantly resisted.
He valued her loyalty above all.
He valued her opinions.
He valued her unwavering loyalty.
He valued it beyond its actual worth.
He valued other people's property.
He valued the professor's advice.
He valued time over distance.
He values Mina.
He values collective intelligence.
He values diverse perspectives.
He values feedback in the learning process.
He values hard work.
He values her as a partner.
He values her friendship.
He values her opinions.
He values honor above anything else.
He values honor more than money.
He values knowledge.
He values other people's property.
He values persistence over talent.
He values the anonymity and privacy.
He values the power of collaboration.
He values the truth.
He vandalized Nuja’s restaurant.
He vanished a couple of hours later.
He vanished at first light.
He vanished into the distance.
He vanished into thin air.
He vanished without a trace.
He vanished without saying a word.
He vanished.
He vented his anger on him.
He vented his anger.
He vents his annoyance on his wife.
He verified the date of the meeting.
He very frequently does that by himself.
He very often takes a nap for an hour after lunch.
He very rarely does that by himself.
He very seldom does that by himself.
He views girls as trophies.
He views intimacy as an important part of their bond.
He views things differently.
He vigorously believed in the status quo.
He vindicated his honor.
He violated a law.
He violated protocol.
He violated the deal.
He violently beat the prisoners.
He visited Ait Idir.
He visited Algeria in 1964.
He visited Algeria.
He visited Boston.
He visited China in 1998.
He visited England twice.
He visited France three times.
He visited Italy before.
He visited Japan in the character of President.
He visited Japan when he was president.
He visited Japan while he was President.
He visited Kyoto last year.
He visited Kyoto twice.
He visited London.
He visited Mauritania ten years ago.
He visited Mom in the hospital often.
He visited Nara by bus.
He visited Nara on a bus.
He visited Nelson Mandela in Cape Town.
He visited Professor Smith at his college.
He visited Tehran.
He visited a bunch of clients.
He visited a cemetery.
He visited a children's home in Texas.
He visited a children’s home in Texas.
He visited a friend.
He visited a local Islamic center.
He visited a local mosque.
He visited a mosque in Bejaia.
He visited a mosque.
He visited a sick friend who was in the hospital.
He visited a tribe of Eskimos.
He visited an Islamic cemetery.
He visited an Islamic graveyard.
He visited an abandoned horse ranch.
He visited another town.
He visited her at her home in Boston.
He visited her house the other day.
He visited her once a year.
He visited her while she was living in London.
He visited her.
He visited his aunt yesterday.
He visited his granny.
He visited his hometown for the first time in ten years.
He visited his mother.
He visited his uncle yesterday.
He visited his wife's tomb.
He visited madrid with his family.
He visited many countries in Asia.
He visited many different villages in Kabylie, Algeria.
He visited me every time he came up to Tokyo.
He visited me.
He visited our mosque twice.
He visited the car rental office at the airport to rent a vehicle.
He visited the coast of South America in 1499.
He visited the exhibit.
He visited the grand temple every day.
He visited the local Muslim community.
He visited the market.
He visited the museum with her.
He visited the place.
He visited them during the month of Ramadan.
He visited us often when I was a girl.
He visited with her over a cup of coffee.
He visits Algiers every summer.
He visits Mina.
He visits his family there.
He visits me almost every day.
He visits me every time he comes to Tokyo.
He visits the zoo.
He visits those who are sick.
He visits us now and then.
He visits whenever he has free time.
He vividly depicted the confusion following the earthquake.
He voiced his doubt.
He voiced his opinion in a letter to the Newsweek magazine.
He voiced his opinion with reckless abandon.
He voided his bowels and vomited.
He voluntarily helped his mum clean.
He voluntarily returned to Algeria.
He volunteered a good deal of his time to helping those less fortunate than himself.
He volunteered at a local charity event.
He volunteered at an advocacy group.
He volunteered at school activities.
He volunteered to do all the things no one else wanted to do.
He volunteered to help her.
He volunteered to help.
He volunteered.
He volunteers.
He vomited everything back up.
He vomited on my brand-new sneakers.
He vomited on the bus.
He vomited.
He voted for her.
He voted for himself.
He voted for it.
He voted for the proposal.
He voted.
He vouched for her.
He vowed he'd never do it.
He vowed he'd never do that.
He vowed that he would serve out his five-year term as chairperson.
He vowed to avenge his friend's death.
He vowed to give up smoking.
He vowed to me that he would never do it again.
He vowed to rescue her.
He vowed to take revenge on those who wronged him.
He waded upstream through the gently flowing creek.
He wailed in fear.
He waited a good hour for her.
He waited a while before he began.
He waited about forty years before publishing a selection of those pictures.
He waited anxiously for his son.
He waited but nobody came.
He waited for Mom all morning.
He waited for Skura.
He waited for a bus.
He waited for a long time.
He waited for a very long time.
He waited for an ambulance.
He waited for her at the airport.
He waited for her at the railway station.
He waited for her in the car.
He waited for her in the pale sunshine.
He waited for her to finish her sentence.
He waited for her.
He waited for him all day long.
He waited for him until 10.
He waited for his master.
He waited for his son with anxiety.
He waited for hours at the park.
He waited for me all morning.
He waited for me until I arrived.
He waited for several seconds and opened the door.
He waited for so long in the cupboard that he fell asleep and is already snoring.
He waited for the construction materials to be delivered.
He waited for the duel at high noon.
He waited for the elevator to come down.
He waited for the next opportunity.
He waited for the train.
He waited for them on the side of the road.
He waited for what seemed like forever.
He waited for you for two hours.
He waited four months to receive official permission to come to Algeria.
He waited his turn.
He waited in line for four hours.
He waited in line with her.
He waited in silence.
He waited in the car.
He waited in the emergency room for ten hours.
He waited in the gazebo.
He waited in the kitchen.
He waited in the office.
He waited long.
He waited on his master.
He waited on the couch.
He waited on the front porch for her.
He waited outside the store.
He waited patiently at the ticket booth.
He waited patiently for her.
He waited so long to get help.
He waited ten minutes.
He waited there.
He waited thirty years to be free.
He waited to hear from her.
He waited until he was already nodding off to sleep.
He waited until she came.
He waited until ten and left shortly afterwards.
He waited until the end.
He waited until the last minute.
He waited until the library closed.
He waited until the noise stopped.
He waited up for Skura.
He waited up for her.
He waited up.
He waited with her.
He waited.
He waits impatiently.
He waits on an old lady.
He waits on her.
He waits with patience.
He waits, patient as the trees grow.
He waived his rights.
He wakes up at four o'clock every day.
He wakes up at noon.
He wakes up early to make his living.
He wakes up early.
He walked about the streets.
He walked across the garden.
He walked across the street on a red traffic light.
He walked across the street.
He walked ahead of me.
He walked ahead.
He walked all the way around the room.
He walked all the way here.
He walked all the way home.
He walked all the way to the clearing.
He walked all the way.
He walked alone.
He walked along the narrow road, pausing to take photos of flowers in the hedgerow.
He walked along the pier, enjoying the view of the sunset over the water.
He walked along the river.
He walked along the shore.
He walked along the street.
He walked along the sunny road, kicking up a great dust, and coming to a milestone, threw a stone at a huge bullfrog croaking at him from a spring, and made it dive under with a loud splash.
He walked around in wonder.
He walked around the car and opened the door for her.
He walked around the house, looking for the door to the basement.
He walked around the store.
He walked around the yard.
He walked around to see the town.
He walked around.
He walked as far as he could.
He walked as fast as he could to catch up with her.
He walked at a quick pace.
He walked at a slow pace toward the door.
He walked away from Islamic values.
He walked away from her.
He walked away from his car.
He walked away from the problems.
He walked away slowly.
He walked away too quickly for me to catch up with him.
He walked away with a sad look on his face.
He walked away.
He walked awkwardly down the street.
He walked back and forth in front of the door, hesitating to enter.
He walked back and forth in the room.
He walked back and forth on the platform while waiting for the train.
He walked back and forth on the street.
He walked back and forth.
He walked back into his apartment.
He walked back into his office.
He walked back into the apartment.
He walked back into the car.
He walked back into the office.
He walked back into the store.
He walked back to his car.
He walked back to his chair.
He walked back to his desk.
He walked back to his dorm by himself.
He walked back to his dormitory by himself.
He walked back to his hotel.
He walked back to the door.
He walked back to the dorm.
He walked back to the hotel.
He walked back to the office.
He walked back towards the garage.
He walked barefoot over the fire.
He walked barefoot.
He walked before me.
He walked directly to the window.
He walked down the hall by himself.
He walked down the hall with her.
He walked down the street whistling cheerfully.
He walked down the tunnel.
He walked down to the early-morning market for a cup of tea, a slice of toast and a chat.
He walked fast.
He walked for a long time before becoming tired.
He walked for a while.
He walked for miles and miles.
He walked forward with his head held high.
He walked her back to the school.
He walked her to her apartment.
He walked her to her car.
He walked her to her door.
He walked here.
He walked his bicycle into the warehouse.
He walked his dog every day.
He walked his dog in the park.
He walked his dog.
He walked his dogs every morning.
He walked his horse to the gate.
He walked his three dogs every day.
He walked home at a brisk pace.
He walked home with her.
He walked home yesterday.
He walked home.
He walked in and looked around for her.
He walked in front of his men.
He walked in front of me.
He walked in that direction.
He walked in the forest, with birds singing cheerfully above his head.
He walked in the park yesterday.
He walked in without acknowledging me.
He walked in, his confidence evident.
He walked in.
He walked into an Islamic store.
He walked into her office announcing that he had a surprise for her.
He walked into her room to check on her.
He walked into his apartment.
He walked into his bedroom.
He walked into his house.
He walked into his room.
He walked into the apartment.
He walked into the arcade, feeling excited.
He walked into the classroom.
He walked into the darkness.
He walked into the diner, hungry.
He walked into the director's room.
He walked into the doorway.
He walked into the hallway.
He walked into the house.
He walked into the kitchen to get himself some coffee.
He walked into the kitchen.
He walked into the lion's den.
He walked into the middle of the road and was killed.
He walked into the mosque.
He walked into the rain.
He walked into the restaurant.
He walked into the waiting room.
He walked into their house.
He walked me home.
He walked off.
He walked on and on in the rain.
He walked on and on, his dog following.
He walked on and on.
He walked on appearing to disregard the prostitute.
He walked on for some time.
He walked on the moon.
He walked on tiptoe lest he be heard.
He walked on tiptoe so that nobody would hear him.
He walked on.
He walked onto stage while the audience were applauding.
He walked out into his backyard.
He walked out of the burning house.
He walked out of the house.
He walked out of the mosque.
He walked out of the prison.
He walked out of the room.
He walked out of the stadium.
He walked out on her.
He walked out the door and never came back.
He walked out to the football field.
He walked out.
He walked outside.
He walked over there.
He walked over to her and hugged her.
He walked over to her and kissed her.
He walked part of the way home with her.
He walked past her.
He walked past me without even stopping to say hello.
He walked past my desk.
He walked past my room.
He walked past the door at half-past one.
He walked past the house.
He walked past the park.
He walked past without greeting me.
He walked past.
He walked quickly away with two dogs trotting at his heels.
He walked quietly.
He walked rapidly.
He walked restlessly up and down the deck for a time, and then, still full of anxieties for he knew not what, went into his cabin to finish writing up his log for the day.
He walked right into the middle of class and gave the teacher flowers.
He walked right into the middle of class, while the teacher was teaching, and gave Skura chocolate and flowers.
He walked right into the middle of the class and gave the teacher flowers.
He walked right past her.
He walked right up to the front door.
He walked round to the back door.
He walked secretly to the locker.
He walked seven miles.
He walked silently through the forest.
He walked slowly for the child to follow.
He walked slowly so the child could follow.
He walked slowly so the children would be able to follow.
He walked slowly.
He walked so fast that I couldn't keep up with him.
He walked so fast that she couldn't keep up with him.
He walked so fast that she couldn’t keep up with him.
He walked so fast this I couldn’t keep up with him.
He walked the batter intentionally.
He walked the dog every day.
He walked the dog in the woods.
He walked the streets looking for his son.
He walked there.
He walked through the forest.
He walked through the forest. Above him, the birds chirped merrily.
He walked through the halls.
He walked to Ighrem.
He walked to and fro along the street.
He walked to and fro in front of her house.
He walked to and fro in front of the door, hesitating from entering.
He walked to and fro in front of the door, hesitating to enter.
He walked to and fro on the stage.
He walked to his office.
He walked to the corner.
He walked to the house.
He walked to the mall.
He walked to the sliding glass door.
He walked to work.
He walked toward her.
He walked toward his car.
He walked toward his office.
He walked toward the door.
He walked towards her.
He walked towards his car.
He walked towards his house.
He walked towards the front door.
He walked towards the light.
He walked towards the school.
He walked two miles in half an hour.
He walked up and down the room.
He walked up and down the street.
He walked up the stairs.
He walked up to her.
He walked up to the well.
He walked us to the mall.
He walked very slowly and circumspectly, and there was something indescribably guilty and furtive in his whole appearance.
He walked very slowly.
He walked vigorously ahead of us.
He walked with a limp.
He walked with a quick, springy step.
He walked with her.
He walked with his wife.
He walked with me to the house.
He walked with purpose.
He walked with somebody.
He walked with someone.
He walked.
He walks a great deal.
He walks a lot.
He walks about ten kilometers a day.
He walks aimlessly in the street as a madman.
He walks alone to school.
He walks along the path.
He walks around the castle in the surrounding forest.
He walks around the house in his underwear.
He walks around with an air of arrogance.
He walks barefooted.
He walks every day.
He walks fast.
He walks her home every day.
He walks his dog every morning.
He walks his dog three times a day.
He walks his dog twice a day.
He walks his dogs every morning.
He walks home every day.
He walks in a stately manner.
He walks in quiet purpose.
He walks in the park every morning.
He walks in the park.
He walks into the kitchen.
He walks like a duck.
He walks like rivers flow.
He walks my dog for me.
He walks often.
He walks on crutches.
He walks on hot coals.
He walks on tiptoe so as not to wake up the family.
He walks past the mosque every day.
He walks quickly.
He walks seven miles a day on an average.
He walks slowly.
He walks the children to school.
He walks the dog every morning.
He walks to school.
He walks to work.
He walks very slowly.
He walks with a proleg after the accident.
He walks with an awkward gait because of an injury.
He walks with his eyes fixed on the ground.
He walks with his hands in his pockets and his head in the clouds.
He walks with quiet purpose.
He walks with quiet strength.
He walks with the confidence of the wise.
He walks without a sound.
He walks without knowing where.
He walks.
He wandered about the city for days on end.
He wandered about the country.
He wandered alone.
He wandered along the mountainside.
He wandered around the clearing.
He wandered around the lake.
He wandered around.
He wandered off in the direction of the creek.
He wandered off.
He wandered through the country.
He wanders around with a searching gaze.
He wanders the streets.
He wanders through the streets.
He wanders without a specific goal.
He wanders.
He wanted a Turkish study like Freud, but what he got was a Canadian one.
He wanted a back massage.
He wanted a belly button piercing for the longest time.
He wanted a belly button piercing.
He wanted a bigger discount.
He wanted a car.
He wanted a dog.
He wanted a glass of beer.
He wanted a job.
He wanted a lawyer.
He wanted a piece of the family's legacy.
He wanted a trial for that part.
He wanted a word with her.
He wanted advice from her.
He wanted an economy car.
He wanted another chance.
He wanted answers.
He wanted change.
He wanted even more territory.
He wanted female companionship.
He wanted four-wheel drive, so he bought a sports utility vehicle.
He wanted help.
He wanted her to clean her room.
He wanted her to come to his birthday party.
He wanted her to convert to Islam.
He wanted her to do that by herself.
He wanted her to go to Algeria where he would have complete control over her.
He wanted her to invite him to her party.
He wanted her to know that he didn't hate her.
He wanted her to quit her job.
He wanted her to tell him her opinion.
He wanted her.
He wanted him to seduce her.
He wanted his Christian wife to convert to Islam.
He wanted his ashes spread over the ocean after he died.
He wanted his children to stay with her.
He wanted his daughters to go to Algeria where he would have complete control over them.
He wanted his family to meet her.
He wanted his freedom.
He wanted his girlfriend to sleep with that guy.
He wanted his land back.
He wanted his money back.
He wanted his own room.
He wanted ice cream.
He wanted isolation.
He wanted it to be a surprise.
He wanted it to happen.
He wanted it.
He wanted me to buy him a pony.
He wanted me to come get him.
He wanted me to do him a favor.
He wanted me to do that for her.
He wanted me to do that for him.
He wanted me to do that with her.
He wanted me to do that with him.
He wanted me to do that, didn't he?
He wanted me to entertain him.
He wanted me to fly to Boston with him.
He wanted me to give you a message.
He wanted me to go to Boston with her.
He wanted me to help her.
He wanted me to help him today.
He wanted me to help him with his homework.
He wanted me to help him.
He wanted me to hold that for him.
He wanted me to keep it quiet until he talked to her.
He wanted me to lie.
He wanted me to pass on a message to you.
He wanted me to read him a story.
He wanted me to teach him French.
He wanted me to tell you he's busy.
He wanted me to tell you something.
He wanted me to visit him.
He wanted me to wait for her.
He wanted me to wait for him.
He wanted me to walk home with him.
He wanted money.
He wanted more control of his life.
He wanted more details.
He wanted more.
He wanted my permission to use the phone.
He wanted my permission to use the telephone.
He wanted nothing more than to feel her as his own again.
He wanted nothing more than to turn back time.
He wanted nothing to do with her.
He wanted nothing to drink.
He wanted only to be with his girlfriend.
He wanted out.
He wanted people to like him.
He wanted proof.
He wanted revenge.
He wanted some company.
He wanted some money.
He wanted something.
He wanted that done.
He wanted that.
He wanted the cab driver to turn left.
He wanted the money back.
He wanted the sword.
He wanted the taxi driver to turn left.
He wanted the toy worse than before.
He wanted them to go to college and learn to be businessmen.
He wanted this.
He wanted those.
He wanted to absent himself from the class.
He wanted to accompany Mom to the doctor's.
He wanted to adopt you.
He wanted to apologize to her.
He wanted to apologize.
He wanted to ask for an appointment at the doctors.
He wanted to ask me about the garden.
He wanted to assure me that he knew what he was doing.
He wanted to attend the funeral.
He wanted to avoid her.
He wanted to avoid long train rides.
He wanted to be Muslim.
He wanted to be a Berber teacher.
He wanted to be a Hindu priest.
He wanted to be a businessman.
He wanted to be a chef.
He wanted to be a cop.
He wanted to be a dentist.
He wanted to be a detective.
He wanted to be a doctor.
He wanted to be a farmer.
He wanted to be a film director.
He wanted to be a great military leader.
He wanted to be a gynecologist.
He wanted to be a journalist.
He wanted to be a judge.
He wanted to be a lawyer.
He wanted to be a painter.
He wanted to be a park ranger.
He wanted to be a pharmacist.
He wanted to be a pilot.
He wanted to be a policeman.
He wanted to be a priest.
He wanted to be a programmer.
He wanted to be a psychiatrist.
He wanted to be a psychologist.
He wanted to be a rabbi.
He wanted to be a reporter.
He wanted to be a scientist.
He wanted to be a singer.
He wanted to be a teacher.
He wanted to be a therapist.
He wanted to be a vet.
He wanted to be a veterinarian.
He wanted to be a writer.
He wanted to be ambassador.
He wanted to be an Air Force pilot.
He wanted to be an actor.
He wanted to be an astronaut.
He wanted to be an astronomer.
He wanted to be an eye doctor.
He wanted to be an imam.
He wanted to be an inventor.
He wanted to be buried in Kabylie, Algeria.
He wanted to be buried in his suit.
He wanted to be buried in his uniform.
He wanted to be buried next to her.
He wanted to be elected again.
He wanted to be friends with her.
He wanted to be in the newspapers.
He wanted to be just like her mother.
He wanted to be left alone to go about his business.
He wanted to be like her.
He wanted to be more like her.
He wanted to be on equal footing with his mother.
He wanted to be part of our team.
He wanted to be re-elected.
He wanted to be respected by everybody.
He wanted to be respected by the students.
He wanted to be rich.
He wanted to be with her.
He wanted to be woken up early by his wife.
He wanted to become a famous writer his whole life.
He wanted to become a farmer.
He wanted to become a lawyer.
He wanted to become a pilot ever since he was a child, and he did.
He wanted to become an imam.
He wanted to become rich.
He wanted to become the president of Algeria.
He wanted to believe her.
He wanted to bike to work on nice days.
He wanted to blow all his winnings.
He wanted to build a Muslim community on that island.
He wanted to buy a book.
He wanted to buy a house in Kabylie, Algeria.
He wanted to buy a necklace for her.
He wanted to buy a new jacket.
He wanted to buy a new vest.
He wanted to buy a present for her.
He wanted to buy a small house in Romania.
He wanted to buy an economy car.
He wanted to buy an electric typewriter but his friend talked him into buying a word processor.
He wanted to buy some flowers for her.
He wanted to buy that book and give it to her.
He wanted to buy the book.
He wanted to call her.
He wanted to call his lawyer.
He wanted to catch frogs.
He wanted to celebrate his birthday with her.
He wanted to celebrate that special day.
He wanted to change his life.
He wanted to change the course that his life was on.
He wanted to change things.
He wanted to charm her with a smile, but she gave him the cold shoulder.
He wanted to check her phone.
He wanted to come home.
He wanted to come with us.
He wanted to come.
He wanted to comfort her.
He wanted to commit the whole message to memory.
He wanted to confront her.
He wanted to conquer the world. Why?
He wanted to convert her to Islam.
He wanted to convert my wife to Islam.
He wanted to cook something for her.
He wanted to copy Donald Trump.
He wanted to cry, but he didn't.
He wanted to cry.
He wanted to dance with her.
He wanted to dance.
He wanted to destroy it.
He wanted to destroy the Smurfs.
He wanted to die and be buried in Kabylie.
He wanted to die in Kabylie, Algeria.
He wanted to die in battle.
He wanted to die.
He wanted to digitize his photo collection.
He wanted to do everything himself.
He wanted to do his job properly.
He wanted to do it, whatever the consequences.
He wanted to do more research on Islam.
He wanted to do something nice for her.
He wanted to do something really nice for her.
He wanted to do that by himself.
He wanted to do that for her.
He wanted to do that with her.
He wanted to do that without her.
He wanted to draw her attention.
He wanted to dump that junk.
He wanted to dye his hair.
He wanted to eat a couple of slices of bread.
He wanted to eat lunch with her.
He wanted to eat some home cooking.
He wanted to enlarge his sphere of influence.
He wanted to entertain the passengers.
He wanted to escape from the city.
He wanted to explain everything to her.
He wanted to explore Islam.
He wanted to explore the French capital.
He wanted to fight Skura.
He wanted to fight her.
He wanted to fight with the teacher.
He wanted to find a Muslim that lived close to him.
He wanted to find a creative way to tell her that he loved her.
He wanted to find a way to make this world a better place.
He wanted to find a way to stop that ghost.
He wanted to find his son.
He wanted to find out more about Islam.
He wanted to find out more.
He wanted to find true love.
He wanted to flatter me.
He wanted to follow law as a career.
He wanted to follow the footprints.
He wanted to force the ship back to Earth.
He wanted to forget her.
He wanted to get a belly button piercing.
He wanted to get a little bit more food.
He wanted to get a new computer.
He wanted to get as far away from his hometown, in Kabylie, as he could.
He wanted to get her alone.
He wanted to get his belly button pierced.
He wanted to get his children back.
He wanted to get his computer fixed.
He wanted to get his money's worth.
He wanted to get his own computer.
He wanted to get his shirts washed.
He wanted to get home before dark.
He wanted to get in touch with her.
He wanted to get married to her.
He wanted to get my phone number.
He wanted to get some sun.
He wanted to give them to me.
He wanted to go back in the elevator.
He wanted to go back to Australia.
He wanted to go back to the clearing to retrieve the camping gear.
He wanted to go back to the hotel.
He wanted to go canoeing by himself.
He wanted to go for a spin.
He wanted to go inside the mosque.
He wanted to go live with his dad.
He wanted to go out with her.
He wanted to go over a few things with her.
He wanted to go over there.
He wanted to go shopping with her.
He wanted to go talk to her mom.
He wanted to go to Algiers for himself.
He wanted to go to America.
He wanted to go to Boston with her.
He wanted to go to Kabylie, Algeria.
He wanted to go to Korea for shopping.
He wanted to go to a Shia mosque.
He wanted to go to a mosque.
He wanted to go to sea.
He wanted to go to the beach with her.
He wanted to go to the beach.
He wanted to go to the city.
He wanted to go to the club.
He wanted to go to the dance.
He wanted to go to the demonstration, but he was arrested.
He wanted to go to the island nearby.
He wanted to go to the mosque with her.
He wanted to go to the next car.
He wanted to go to the seaside.
He wanted to go with her.
He wanted to go, but he couldn't.
He wanted to go, but he didn't.
He wanted to go.
He wanted to grab another beer.
He wanted to hang out with her.
He wanted to have a sleepover.
He wanted to have a séance and asked if I wanted to participate.
He wanted to have a threesome with his wife and another woman.
He wanted to have some cake.
He wanted to hear about the news.
He wanted to help her friends.
He wanted to help her.
He wanted to help his friends.
He wanted to help those people.
He wanted to hike in the Djurdjura mountains.
He wanted to hit her, but he controlled himself.
He wanted to hug her.
He wanted to impress her.
He wanted to impress his friends, but he just made a fool of himself.
He wanted to impress his friends.
He wanted to impress his girlfriend.
He wanted to interact with the ghost.
He wanted to interview Tom Hanks.
He wanted to join the army but was unable to due to his health.
He wanted to join the army, but his health prevented him from doing so.
He wanted to jump off the roof.
He wanted to keep her all to himself.
He wanted to keep his marriage together.
He wanted to keep the passengers happy.
He wanted to kill himself.
He wanted to kiss her.
He wanted to kiss the baby.
He wanted to know Islam.
He wanted to know everything about Islam before he decided to convert.
He wanted to know everything about Islam.
He wanted to know everything about her.
He wanted to know everything about you.
He wanted to know how it tasted, so he bit off a little piece.
He wanted to know if you had spotted him.
He wanted to know more about her.
He wanted to know more about the flowers.
He wanted to know more about the trees, too.
He wanted to know what I thought about the course.
He wanted to know what happened to her.
He wanted to know what happened.
He wanted to know where Mr. Yusuf was born. I said I didn't remember where Mr. Yusuf said he was born. Then, my brother asked me another question. He always has a lot of questions.
He wanted to know where his wife had been.
He wanted to know where his wife was.
He wanted to know why they had stopped searching for her.
He wanted to learn Berber.
He wanted to learn a little bit more about Islam.
He wanted to learn about Islam.
He wanted to learn about people from other countries.
He wanted to learn about the Quran.
He wanted to learn how to defend himself.
He wanted to learn more about Islam.
He wanted to learn more about that plan.
He wanted to learn to tango.
He wanted to leave Algeria quickly.
He wanted to leave Islam.
He wanted to leave for America but instead stayed here his whole life.
He wanted to leave her.
He wanted to leave the house.
He wanted to leave.
He wanted to live a life of luxury in New York.
He wanted to live in Algeria.
He wanted to live in Algiers.
He wanted to live in a haunted house.
He wanted to live life to its fullest.
He wanted to live on his own.
He wanted to live out his life and die in Algeria.
He wanted to live with her, but she didn't want him to.
He wanted to look through her phone.
He wanted to make Islam look bad.
He wanted to make an important announcement.
He wanted to make another important announcement.
He wanted to make it out of that mess.
He wanted to make it up to Tom.
He wanted to make it up with her, but she wasn't interested in being his friend anymore.
He wanted to make me a criminal.
He wanted to make me rich.
He wanted to make more money.
He wanted to make people happy.
He wanted to make singing a career.
He wanted to make some easy money.
He wanted to make some suggestions.
He wanted to make sure that nothing bad happened to her.
He wanted to make the most of his chance to learn.
He wanted to make us happy.
He wanted to marry a Muslim woman.
He wanted to marry her.
He wanted to meet her.
He wanted to meet me for breakfast.
He wanted to meet me.
He wanted to meet with her.
He wanted to meet you.
He wanted to memorize the Quran.
He wanted to move inland.
He wanted to move out.
He wanted to move to Kabylie, too.
He wanted to participate in the competition.
He wanted to pay off his debts.
He wanted to pay off his loan.
He wanted to persuade me to adopt his viewpoints.
He wanted to play golf with her.
He wanted to play some games.
He wanted to play tennis with her.
He wanted to play.
He wanted to please the crowd.
He wanted to poison her.
He wanted to polish his shoes.
He wanted to pray in a Shia mosque.
He wanted to pray the fajr prayer.
He wanted to promise safety.
He wanted to protect her feelings.
He wanted to protect her.
He wanted to protect himself.
He wanted to protect his family.
He wanted to prove to himself he could do it.
He wanted to prove to himself that he could do it.
He wanted to publish his photographs in the newspapers.
He wanted to punch Mr. Bean in the face.
He wanted to punch him.
He wanted to put his gun in the hotel safe.
He wanted to quit at some point.
He wanted to raise his kids in Kabylie.
He wanted to read more about Islam.
He wanted to read the Quran.
He wanted to rebuild his life in Algeria.
He wanted to reduce the tax on imports.
He wanted to refresh himself.
He wanted to refuse.
He wanted to relay the message as quickly as possible.
He wanted to remain in the Nation of Islam.
He wanted to repay the kindness of his friends.
He wanted to replenish the stock as soon as possible.
He wanted to retire.
He wanted to ride on the zebra.
He wanted to rip her head off.
He wanted to ruin Christmas.
He wanted to run for class president.
He wanted to run in the other direction instinctually.
He wanted to say goodbye to her.
He wanted to say more than he did.
He wanted to say something to her, but he didn't know what to say.
He wanted to say something to her.
He wanted to scare her.
He wanted to see a bullfight, but his father wouldn't let him go.
He wanted to see a bullfight, but his father wouldn’t let him go.
He wanted to see her.
He wanted to see his boss in Tokyo before leaving for America.
He wanted to see his children.
He wanted to see how the land lay.
He wanted to see the storm.
He wanted to sell his car.
He wanted to sell the house.
He wanted to set the record straight.
He wanted to shatter the statue, but his friend grabbed his arm.
He wanted to sing.
He wanted to sit between us.
He wanted to sit next to her.
He wanted to speak to her.
He wanted to speak with her.
He wanted to spend New Year's Eve with her.
He wanted to spend more time at home.
He wanted to spend more time talking with her.
He wanted to spend more time with her.
He wanted to spend some time alone with her.
He wanted to spend the rest of his life with her.
He wanted to spend time with her.
He wanted to start a company in Algeria.
He wanted to start a new life in Algeria.
He wanted to start his life over.
He wanted to stay at a hotel near a ski center.
He wanted to stay for the game.
He wanted to stay home by himself.
He wanted to stay home with her.
He wanted to stay in this city.
He wanted to stay with his mother.
He wanted to stop her but only caught the wind.
He wanted to stop her.
He wanted to stream more.
He wanted to study Berber in Algeria.
He wanted to study English with a native English speaker.
He wanted to study French with her.
He wanted to study Islam in Algeria.
He wanted to study Islam.
He wanted to study further how everything in nature works.
He wanted to study with her.
He wanted to study.
He wanted to succeed, even at the cost of his health.
He wanted to succeed.
He wanted to surprise her.
He wanted to swim across the river, but he failed.
He wanted to swim and so travelled to the ocean.
He wanted to swim.
He wanted to take a break.
He wanted to take a look at the report.
He wanted to take a look.
He wanted to take a picture with Bill Murray, too.
He wanted to take a shortcut.
He wanted to take care of her.
He wanted to take her around to some beautiful places in Kabylie, Algeria.
He wanted to take her back to Islam.
He wanted to take the offer.
He wanted to talk some things over.
He wanted to talk to Tom.
He wanted to talk to her, but he couldn't find her.
He wanted to talk to her.
He wanted to talk to him.
He wanted to talk to his children.
He wanted to talk to his lawyer.
He wanted to talk to the principal privately.
He wanted to talk to you.
He wanted to talk with her.
He wanted to talk.
He wanted to taste space food.
He wanted to teach English at school.
He wanted to teach him a lesson.
He wanted to test his limits.
He wanted to testify against her.
He wanted to testify.
He wanted to transfer some money to Algeria.
He wanted to travel around the world.
He wanted to travel to Algeria.
He wanted to travel to other worlds.
He wanted to try Jamaican jerk chicken.
He wanted to try food at that expensive place.
He wanted to try that with me.
He wanted to turn himself in to the police.
He wanted to turn himself in.
He wanted to undermine our language.
He wanted to visit a Shia mosque.
He wanted to visit a mosque.
He wanted to visit a small cave in Kabylie, Algeria.
He wanted to wash his dirty hands.
He wanted to wash his hands.
He wanted to watch the game in peace.
He wanted to watch the lunar eclipse.
He wanted to wear his new shoes.
He wanted to win, but he couldn't.
He wanted to win, but he didn't.
He wanted to win.
He wanted to work as much as a dead dog wants to bark.
He wanted to work for Microsoft.
He wanted to work for her.
He wanted to work in Kabylie.
He wanted to wrestle.
He wanted to yell.
He wanted us to do the shopping.
He wanted very much to become a teacher of Spanish.
He wanted you to think he'd died.
He wants Einstein to play the violin.
He wants a banana.
He wants a barrister.
He wants a bath.
He wants a beer.
He wants a belly button piercing.
He wants a book to read.
He wants a cake but doesn’t need it.
He wants a casual encounter.
He wants a cold glass of water.
He wants a dog.
He wants a drink.
He wants a full orchestra for his wedding.
He wants a glass of cold water.
He wants a group photo.
He wants a job.
He wants a kiss.
He wants a large family.
He wants a lawyer.
He wants a life like that.
He wants a model train for his birthday.
He wants a new car.
He wants a new dog.
He wants a new washing machine.
He wants a physical relationship.
He wants a playmate.
He wants a pony.
He wants a present that he'll never receive.
He wants a red car.
He wants a round two.
He wants a serious relationship.
He wants a single night of intimacy.
He wants a solicitor.
He wants a watch for his birthday.
He wants a watch just like yours.
He wants a watch like yours.
He wants accurate data.
He wants advice.
He wants affection.
He wants an Algerian.
He wants an advocate.
He wants an apple.
He wants an iPad 4.
He wants an iPad mini.
He wants an iPad.
He wants an important position.
He wants another piece of cake.
He wants another six liters of gasoline.
He wants answers.
He wants change.
He wants children, but I don't.
He wants everyone to be Muslim.
He wants everything his own way.
He wants four copies of that book.
He wants fruit.
He wants her to go away and leave him in peace.
He wants her to know he likes her a lot.
He wants her to know he's not planning on asking her to marry him.
He wants her to know that he likes her.
He wants her to know that he loves her.
He wants her to use her imagination.
He wants her.
He wants his Porsche.
He wants his approval.
He wants his car.
He wants his commandments to be carried out.
He wants his daughters.
He wants his job back.
He wants his kids.
He wants his money back.
He wants his money today.
He wants his mother's approval.
He wants his shirts to be washed.
He wants his sons.
He wants his umbrella back.
He wants his wife to wake him up early.
He wants his wife.
He wants honest answers.
He wants ice cream.
He wants it for himself.
He wants it now.
He wants it tonight.
He wants it.
He wants justice.
He wants me on his team.
He wants me to approach it with care.
He wants me to be more attentive.
He wants me to believe him.
He wants me to buy him a pony.
He wants me to call her and make it clear that he never wants to see her again.
He wants me to coach him.
He wants me to come meet him.
He wants me to cook dinner for him.
He wants me to do that for her.
He wants me to do that for him.
He wants me to drive to Boston with her.
He wants me to finish this by Friday, so I’ll have to stay at work until 8 every evening to get it done.
He wants me to fix this for her.
He wants me to fix this for him.
He wants me to follow him.
He wants me to get him everything that I have.
He wants me to give him a loan.
He wants me to give him everything that I own.
He wants me to give him some space.
He wants me to go to Boston with her.
He wants me to go to Boston with him to visit her.
He wants me to go with him to Milan by train to visit a friend.
He wants me to go with him.
He wants me to help her with her homework.
He wants me to help her.
He wants me to help him tomorrow.
He wants me to help him with a school project.
He wants me to help him.
He wants me to improve my French before working with him.
He wants me to lie for him.
He wants me to run without first learning to walk.
He wants me to run without having first learned to walk.
He wants me to stay away from her.
He wants me to stay away from him.
He wants me to stop talking to her.
He wants me to succeed.
He wants me to succeed. I know that.
He wants me to take his place.
He wants me to talk to her.
He wants me to wait for her.
He wants me to wait for him.
He wants me to work with him.
He wants me to work.
He wants me to write a birthday message to her.
He wants me.
He wants meat.
He wants mine.
He wants money.
He wants more cake.
He wants more data.
He wants more details.
He wants more out of life.
He wants more sago and agar-agar.
He wants more.
He wants mutual respect.
He wants no kind of flowers.
He wants nothing to do with me anymore.
He wants one.
He wants only one cup of tea.
He wants only the best.
He wants our couscous recipe to make money.
He wants peanut butter.
He wants people to pity him.
He wants pepperoni on his pizza.
He wants red glasses.
He wants revenge.
He wants some advice about living in Algeria.
He wants some cake, too.
He wants some coffee.
He wants some milk.
He wants some more tea.
He wants somebody to help him.
He wants someone to help him.
He wants someone to love him.
He wants something cold to drink.
He wants something cold.
He wants something more.
He wants something nice to drink with the meal.
He wants that a lot.
He wants that opportunity.
He wants that.
He wants the best for the girls.
He wants the camera badly.
He wants the car.
He wants the money today.
He wants the money.
He wants the most bang for his buck.
He wants the nitty-gritty details.
He wants their special day to be perfect.
He wants them to speak with him.
He wants these shirts washed.
He wants things done his way.
He wants things his own way.
He wants this.
He wants time.
He wants to abolish it.
He wants to advance in the world.
He wants to annoy me.
He wants to annul it.
He wants to apologize.
He wants to apply for JSA.
He wants to apply for Jobseeker's Allowance.
He wants to ask Mary for something.
He wants to ask her out, but he's shy.
He wants to ask you a question.
He wants to ask you for a vacation.
He wants to attract good-looking females.
He wants to avoid everything.
He wants to be Zorro.
He wants to be a Lego model designer when he grows up.
He wants to be a Muslim.
He wants to be a better Muslim.
He wants to be a doctor in the future.
He wants to be a farmer.
He wants to be a firefighter.
He wants to be a good Berber speaker.
He wants to be a good speaker of Berber.
He wants to be a hipster.
He wants to be a husband at every wedding, and the deceased at every funeral.
He wants to be a perfect Muslim.
He wants to be a physiotherapist.
He wants to be a pilot.
He wants to be a policeman in the future.
He wants to be a schoolteacher.
He wants to be a scientist in the future.
He wants to be a tennis player when he grows up.
He wants to be a tennis player.
He wants to be an Edison in the future.
He wants to be an Edison some day.
He wants to be an engineer.
He wants to be an event planner.
He wants to be an imam.
He wants to be anonymous.
He wants to be around Muslims.
He wants to be buried in this graveyard.
He wants to be close to someone.
He wants to be different.
He wants to be famous.
He wants to be first.
He wants to be friends with her.
He wants to be independent of his parents.
He wants to be like me.
He wants to be loved.
He wants to be more independent.
He wants to be more like her.
He wants to be one of them.
He wants to be part of the English society.
He wants to be punished.
He wants to be reincarnated as a bird.
He wants to be successful.
He wants to be taken for a rockstar.
He wants to be wise.
He wants to be with her.
He wants to be with me.
He wants to become Muslim.
He wants to become a better Muslim.
He wants to become a citizen.
He wants to become a cook in the future.
He wants to become a doctor.
He wants to become a millionaire overnight.
He wants to become a policeman.
He wants to become a singer.
He wants to become a star.
He wants to become a teacher.
He wants to become a writer.
He wants to become more independent.
He wants to become rich at all costs.
He wants to bet.
He wants to book a trip to Australia.
He wants to break into the Algerian market.
He wants to break the story about you and Skura.
He wants to break up their marriage.
He wants to break up with her.
He wants to bring his family to Algeria.
He wants to build a tree house.
He wants to build on this momentum.
He wants to build something meaningful.
He wants to buy a chain.
He wants to buy a necklace for her.
He wants to buy a pearl necklace for his wife.
He wants to buy a pony.
He wants to buy a present for her.
He wants to buy books.
He wants to buy himself a new bicycle.
He wants to buy himself a new bike.
He wants to buy himself a new mobile.
He wants to buy soccer cleats.
He wants to buy some books.
He wants to buy some football boots.
He wants to buy some new glasses.
He wants to call his doctor.
He wants to call his lawyer.
He wants to call his puppy "Linda."
He wants to celebrate his birthday with her.
He wants to change his name.
He wants to change.
He wants to come along with us to the movie.
He wants to come out.
He wants to come with us.
He wants to come.
He wants to communicate in Berber.
He wants to communicate with me.
He wants to confront his own limits.
He wants to contribute.
He wants to convert to Islam but he doesn't know where to start.
He wants to cozy up to the boss for a promotion.
He wants to cry.
He wants to cut off their contact.
He wants to dance with her.
He wants to dance.
He wants to declutter his home.
He wants to declutter the basement.
He wants to demonstrate the plausibility of a new dictatorship coming to power.
He wants to develop the country's military more during the next few years.
He wants to die.
He wants to discuss the problem with her.
He wants to dispose of his books.
He wants to dispose of his land.
He wants to do a little bit of shopping.
He wants to do a movie with Tom Hanks.
He wants to do business in Algeria.
He wants to do business with her.
He wants to do dawah.
He wants to do everything by himself.
He wants to do everything himself.
He wants to do everything.
He wants to do it.
He wants to do sommersaults.
He wants to do that in Algiers.
He wants to do the whole scene entirely alone.
He wants to donate money.
He wants to drink champagne.
He wants to dye his hair.
He wants to ease the heart.
He wants to eat Algerian food.
He wants to eat both of them.
He wants to eat cabbage.
He wants to eat meat.
He wants to eat spaghetti.
He wants to eat spinach.
He wants to eat strawberries.
He wants to eat the dolma.
He wants to eat this fruit.
He wants to eat.
He wants to embody his ideal.
He wants to end his relationship.
He wants to engage in business.
He wants to enjoy kissing her one last time.
He wants to enjoy life.
He wants to equip his son with a good education.
He wants to escape from the country.
He wants to escape the prison at any cost.
He wants to establish his own fashion label in Algeria.
He wants to expand his Berber vocabulary.
He wants to experience borderline situations.
He wants to explain everything to her.
He wants to explore the uninhabited island.
He wants to explore the whole universe.
He wants to expose his children to the Berber language.
He wants to express himself in Berber about any subject he wants.
He wants to fake his death.
He wants to fake his own death.
He wants to fight racism.
He wants to film the video in a mosque.
He wants to find a solution.
He wants to find his son.
He wants to finish high school here.
He wants to finish his novel.
He wants to finish what he's doing.
He wants to follow in his father's footsteps and become a doctor.
He wants to forgive his father for abandoning him.
He wants to form a boy band.
He wants to formally recognise our union.
He wants to gain weight.
He wants to get a belly button piercing.
He wants to get a divorce.
He wants to get a loan from an Islamic bank.
He wants to get a new dictionary.
He wants to get educated in Algeria.
He wants to get help for her.
He wants to get his life on track.
He wants to get his nose pierced.
He wants to get his pilot's license.
He wants to get in touch with her.
He wants to get married right away.
He wants to get married someday.
He wants to get married, but not to her.
He wants to get married.
He wants to get off at the next port.
He wants to get rich quick.
He wants to get rich quickly.
He wants to get rid of ants by using insecticide.
He wants to get rid of his books.
He wants to get rid of the ants.
He wants to give dawah to Christians.
He wants to give his old car to her.
He wants to give it a shot.
He wants to give it to Jack.
He wants to go and see her father.
He wants to go and see his father.
He wants to go back home.
He wants to go back to the country.
He wants to go back to the countryside.
He wants to go back to the jungle.
He wants to go back to the village.
He wants to go back to the wild.
He wants to go for a ride.
He wants to go home, but he can't.
He wants to go on vacation.
He wants to go out with her.
He wants to go shopping with her.
He wants to go there alone.
He wants to go to Africa.
He wants to go to Algeria to study.
He wants to go to America.
He wants to go to Kabylie.
He wants to go to Ukraine.
He wants to go to a good school.
He wants to go to college to study Berber.
He wants to go to college to study Islamic history.
He wants to go to college to study astronomy.
He wants to go to college to study astrophysics.
He wants to go to college to study geology.
He wants to go to college to study law.
He wants to go to college to study medicine.
He wants to go to jail to spread the message.
He wants to go to that country.
He wants to go to the Friday prayer.
He wants to go to the United States.
He wants to go to the arcade tomorrow.
He wants to go to the mall at night.
He wants to go to the mall.
He wants to go to the movies.
He wants to go to the playground.
He wants to go to the sea.
He wants to go to the seaside.
He wants to go up now.
He wants to go, but he can't.
He wants to go.
He wants to graduate from college before he turns 24 years old.
He wants to graduate this year.
He wants to hang a new towel rack.
He wants to have Berber classes.
He wants to have a sleepover, too.
He wants to have a talk with her.
He wants to have a wee.
He wants to have everything his own way.
He wants to have his penis lengthened.
He wants to have my telephone number.
He wants to have some fun.
He wants to have the best life in Costa Rica.
He wants to hear an explanation.
He wants to hear everything.
He wants to hear more about Islam.
He wants to hear the Quran.
He wants to hear the demo.
He wants to help her learn Berber.
He wants to help her.
He wants to help his brothers.
He wants to help his family.
He wants to help his friends.
He wants to help his parents.
He wants to help his sisters.
He wants to help others.
He wants to help people have a better understanding of Islam.
He wants to help people understand Islam better.
He wants to hit him.
He wants to hug her.
He wants to humiliate me.
He wants to immigrate to Mexico.
He wants to impart his wisdom to you.
He wants to impress us with his Berber.
He wants to improve himself.
He wants to improve his Berber vocabulary.
He wants to improve his Berber.
He wants to interview Skura.
He wants to invest in Algeria.
He wants to invest in real estate.
He wants to invite a guest.
He wants to isolate me from my friends, my family.
He wants to join the club.
He wants to keep a close eye on the rules.
He wants to keep the family together.
He wants to keep the rug clean.
He wants to kill her.
He wants to kill him.
He wants to kill himself.
He wants to kill me.
He wants to kiss her.
He wants to kiss me. And I want to kiss him too.
He wants to kiss me. And I want to kiss him, too.
He wants to know about our history.
He wants to know everything.
He wants to know exactly what happened.
He wants to know how he can gain weight.
He wants to know how he can lose weight quickly.
He wants to know how he can lose weight safely.
He wants to know how he can lose weight.
He wants to know how to become a Muslim.
He wants to know how to communicate better in Berber.
He wants to know how to start a startup.
He wants to know if he can see you.
He wants to know if he won the contest.
He wants to know if you remember him.
He wants to know more about her.
He wants to know more about him.
He wants to know more about them.
He wants to know the purpose of life.
He wants to know the truth.
He wants to know what happened to her.
He wants to know who she really is.
He wants to launch a start-up cafe in Algeria.
He wants to launch an airline in Algeria.
He wants to lead Algeria.
He wants to lead that kind of life.
He wants to learn Albanian.
He wants to learn Berber.
He wants to learn Danish.
He wants to learn Dutch.
He wants to learn Estonian.
He wants to learn Finnish.
He wants to learn German.
He wants to learn Hungarian.
He wants to learn Romanian.
He wants to learn Spanish.
He wants to learn Swedish.
He wants to learn Thai.
He wants to learn Tibetan.
He wants to learn Toki Pona.
He wants to learn about the Quran.
He wants to learn how to cook.
He wants to learn math.
He wants to learn more about Islam.
He wants to learn more about her.
He wants to learn more.
He wants to learn new Berber words.
He wants to learn some English songs.
He wants to learn to be at peace with himself.
He wants to learn to cook.
He wants to learn to sing.
He wants to learn to swim.
He wants to learn without studying.
He wants to learn.
He wants to leave Algeria.
He wants to leave Canada.
He wants to leave Kabylie.
He wants to leave here.
He wants to leave now.
He wants to leave the country.
He wants to leave, but he can't.
He wants to leave.
He wants to liberate everyone.
He wants to listen to the Quran.
He wants to live as long as he can.
He wants to live close to the station.
He wants to live closer to nature.
He wants to live for eternity.
He wants to live his life as a Muslim.
He wants to live in North America.
He wants to live in another world.
He wants to live in the city.
He wants to live in the country after he retires.
He wants to live on his own.
He wants to live on the moon.
He wants to live on.
He wants to look like he has principles.
He wants to make a difference in the world.
He wants to make friends.
He wants to make fun of me.
He wants to make me jealous, but he isn't able to.
He wants to make new friends.
He wants to make our relationship legal.
He wants to make something clear.
He wants to make the world a better place.
He wants to make the world a little brighter.
He wants to make up and you should meet him halfway.
He wants to make up, so you'll have to be willing to compromise, too.
He wants to manage his time better.
He wants to marry a Kabyle girl.
He wants to marry a Muslim woman.
He wants to marry her.
He wants to marry his daughter.
He wants to marry me.
He wants to marry my daughter.
He wants to marry my mother.
He wants to maximize his productivity.
He wants to meet her.
He wants to meet that good-looking girl.
He wants to meet you.
He wants to move back to Algeria.
He wants to move forward, not backwards.
He wants to move forward.
He wants to move into the apartment.
He wants to move to Seville.
He wants to move.
He wants to participate in the contest.
He wants to pass Islam down to his children.
He wants to pay back the money he owes.
He wants to pay off his debts.
He wants to pay off his loan.
He wants to play football this afternoon.
He wants to play golf with her.
He wants to play hide-and-seek.
He wants to play next.
He wants to play soccer this afternoon.
He wants to play tennis when he's older.
He wants to play tennis with her.
He wants to play that song on the wedding.
He wants to play, but he doesn't know the rules.
He wants to play.
He wants to please his Lord.
He wants to practice Berber alone.
He wants to practice English.
He wants to practice Islam correctly.
He wants to practice his Berber pronunciation.
He wants to practise Berber.
He wants to press charges.
He wants to promote his business.
He wants to promote the band.
He wants to protect her.
He wants to purchase new towels.
He wants to put an end to his relationship.
He wants to quit his debts.
He wants to reach a wider audience.
He wants to read a book.
He wants to read a magazine.
He wants to read the Quran for himself.
He wants to read the book.
He wants to read this book.
He wants to reconnect with her.
He wants to remodel his kitchen.
He wants to remodel the kitchen.
He wants to rescind it.
He wants to retaliate.
He wants to retire.
He wants to return home.
He wants to return to a normal life.
He wants to return to his country.
He wants to return to the country.
He wants to return to the countryside.
He wants to rub shoulders with celebrities.
He wants to rule.
He wants to run for President.
He wants to run the company.
He wants to run.
He wants to sabotage the toys.
He wants to save some extra money.
He wants to save the planet.
He wants to say yes, but he can't.
He wants to see her again.
He wants to see her in that uniform.
He wants to see her.
He wants to see his son.
He wants to see if he's still got what it takes.
He wants to see me dead.
He wants to see more shoes.
He wants to see more videos about the Berber language.
He wants to see more videos.
He wants to see the country.
He wants to see the director of the hotel.
He wants to see the fight.
He wants to see the hotel manager.
He wants to see the king, too.
He wants to see the room.
He wants to see this house shining.
He wants to see us again.
He wants to see videos about the Berber language.
He wants to see you in the mosque.
He wants to see you.
He wants to see.
He wants to seize control of the planet.
He wants to sell his car, and I want to buy one.
He wants to sell his car.
He wants to sell his hotel.
He wants to sell his old car to a man in Kobe.
He wants to sell it to me.
He wants to separate from his wife.
He wants to settle accounts with them.
He wants to show he's up to speed.
He wants to sign a new contract for next year.
He wants to sing old songs.
He wants to sing.
He wants to sip some of the champagne.
He wants to skip school and have a good time with his friends.
He wants to speak Berber fluently.
He wants to speak Berber like a native speaker.
He wants to speak Berber properly.
He wants to speak directly to the manager.
He wants to speak to the imam.
He wants to speak with you personally.
He wants to speak.
He wants to spend more time in Kabylie.
He wants to spend more time with her.
He wants to spend more time with the kids.
He wants to spend some more time with her.
He wants to spend the rest of his life with her.
He wants to spend time with her.
He wants to spend time with his daughter.
He wants to spend time with his son.
He wants to squish the bug.
He wants to squish the spider.
He wants to start a company in Algeria.
He wants to start a company untethered to any physical place.
He wants to start a logistics company in Algeria.
He wants to start a new life in Algeria.
He wants to start his own business in Algeria.
He wants to start his own business.
He wants to start losing weight next month.
He wants to stay alive.
He wants to stay by her side during her pregnancy.
He wants to stay close to home.
He wants to stay here in Algeria.
He wants to stay here.
He wants to stay in Algeria.
He wants to stay with her.
He wants to stop her.
He wants to stop seeing her.
He wants to stop.
He wants to study Islam.
He wants to study abroad.
He wants to study law.
He wants to study music and dance.
He wants to study music professionally.
He wants to study the Quran.
He wants to sue her.
He wants to surpass them.
He wants to surprise her.
He wants to swim.
He wants to take a picture with the imam.
He wants to take her to dinner to Algiers in his Mercedes.
He wants to take her to dinner to Algiers.
He wants to take his shahada.
He wants to take me with him.
He wants to take over his father's business.
He wants to take over his father’s business.
He wants to take revenge.
He wants to take the shahada.
He wants to talk to him alone.
He wants to talk to his lawyer.
He wants to talk to the CEO.
He wants to talk to the imam.
He wants to talk to you before he goes to the doctor.
He wants to talk to you.
He wants to talk.
He wants to teach him a lesson.
He wants to tell her a lot of things.
He wants to tell the truth.
He wants to tell us that he's ready.
He wants to tell you about her.
He wants to think it over.
He wants to translate Mouloud Mammeri's books into Berber.
He wants to try out your new bike.
He wants to try the tangerines.
He wants to try those cupcakes.
He wants to understand better what Islam is.
He wants to understand how traffic propagates.
He wants to understand life.
He wants to visit China.
He wants to visit Russia.
He wants to visit a cave in Kabylie, Algeria.
He wants to visit another village.
He wants to wait until he's married.
He wants to watch the next story.
He wants to win.
He wants to work at the hospital.
He wants to work for her.
He wants to work in China for two years.
He wants to work in a factory.
He wants to work in a hospital.
He wants to work with her.
He wants to write Berber properly.
He wants to, she doesn't.
He wants us to die with him.
He wants us to find her.
He wants us to follow him.
He wants us to free the prisoners.
He wants us to go with him.
He wants us to help him do that.
He wants us to help him.
He wants us to know he did it.
He wants us to know he did that.
He wants us to think he's OK.
He wants us to think he's happy.
He wants vengeance.
He wants water.
He wants wealth.
He wants whipping for saying that.
He wants you all to himself.
He wants you dead.
He wants you there.
He wants you to be there to welcome him.
He wants you to come home.
He wants you to come outside.
He wants you to come.
He wants you to do him a favor.
He wants you to do it for him.
He wants you to do that for her.
He wants you to do that for him.
He wants you to go to Boston with her.
He wants you to help him do that.
He wants you to help him today.
He wants you to help him.
He wants you to kill her.
He wants you to shoot her.
He wants you to sing with him.
He wants you to stay here.
He wants you to wait for her.
He wants you to wait for him.
He wants you to wash his car.
He wants you.
He wants your couscous recipe.
He warmed himself at the stove.
He warmed himself by the fire.
He warmed himself in front of the fire.
He warmed himself with a pocket heater.
He warmed his hands.
He warmed up the leftovers in the microwave.
He warmed up yesterday's spaghetti.
He warned Mina.
He warned against violence.
He warned her not to go out by herself after dark.
He warned her.
He warned his sister about that man.
He warned his students.
He warned me against crossing the road at that point.
He warned me of the danger.
He warned me that I would fail.
He warned me that it won't be easy.
He warned me to stay away from her.
He warned me.
He warned that, 100 years after the end of slavery, they were still crippled by the manacles of segregation and the chains of discrimination.
He warned the children against playing in the street.
He warned us not to enter the room.
He warned us to cease talking.
He warned us.
He warned you.
He was 12 years old when he came to live with us.
He was 19 at the time.
He was 22 years old.
He was 22.
He was 31 when he left his country.
He was Algerian.
He was British.
He was DJing alongside me.
He was English.
He was Muslim.
He was OK.
He was PK'ed, I resurrected him.
He was PK’ed, I resurrected him.
He was Prime Minister for a week.
He was a French Canadian by birth, I believe, but I’ve never heard him speak of his life in Canada.
He was a Frenchman, as I discovered from his accent.
He was a Frenchman. I could tell by his accent.
He was a Muslim and his father was an imam.
He was a Muslim convert, too.
He was a Muslim that prayed a lot.
He was a Muslim.
He was a Numidian king.
He was a Roman Catholic.
He was a Swiss immigrant—a wanderer and a dreamer who tried many ventures in Europe, New York, and the American Midwest before seeking his fortune in fertile but largely undeveloped land in what is now central California.
He was a Trot.
He was a Trotskyist.
He was a bad man.
He was a bad student.
He was a bad ticket inspector.
He was a bartender for Wilber's friends.
He was a beloved husband and a doting father.
He was a benevolent old man who volunteered to mow his neighbors' lawns for free.
He was a benevolent old man who volunteered to mow his neighbors’ lawns for free.
He was a big gambler.
He was a big man called Little John.
He was a big, heavy man.
He was a big, slow-moving man.
He was a biker.
He was a biologist and anarchist.
He was a bit better yesterday.
He was a bit drunk.
He was a bit embarrassed.
He was a bit jealous.
He was a bit late.
He was a bit off key.
He was a bit puzzled by her behavior.
He was a bit shy about it.
He was a bit stupid.
He was a bit taken aback.
He was a bookkeeper.
He was a brave sentry.
He was a brave soldier.
He was a brave warrior who had spent most of his life fighting his enemies.
He was a brave warrior.
He was a bright little fellow of eleven.
He was a brilliant and emblematic scientist.
He was a burden to his parents.
He was a certified history teacher.
He was a cheap liar.
He was a close friend of hers.
He was a coach.
He was a colossus with feet of clay.
He was a communist rebel.
He was a communist under the previous system.
He was a compulsive liar.
He was a conscript during the Vietnam War.
He was a contemporary of Goethe.
He was a contemporary of Shakespeare.
He was a convert, too.
He was a cool teacher.
He was a coworker of mine.
He was a cruel man.
He was a cultural Jew.
He was a cultured person, unlike me.
He was a damn good cook.
He was a dapper man with a mustache that curled neatly at each tip.
He was a dark figure with a pale face.
He was a dashing, jovial old soldier in his usual mood, but there were occasions on which he seemed to show himself capable of considerable violence and vindictiveness.
He was a dashing, swaggering chap, smart and curled, who had seen half the world and could talk of what he had seen.
He was a day late.
He was a day too late.
He was a decent man.
He was a deist, of course, but his time was before the discovery of natural selection so he can be readily forgiven for that.
He was a descendant of Julius Caesar.
He was a difficult man to contradict.
He was a difficult person.
He was a disagreeable old man.
He was a doctor by profession and he had a practice in the town.
He was a doctor for 40 years.
He was a doctor.
He was a doctor; moreover a poet.
He was a doctor; moreover, a poet.
He was a drummer, selling dry goods from town to town.
He was a drunk.
He was a drunkard and a profligate.
He was a famous Italian filmmaker.
He was a famous actor who had won many awards and accolades, but he decided to retire from the spotlight and become a drama teacher instead. He wanted to share his passion and experience with the next generation of performers.
He was a famous graphic artist and caricaturist.
He was a famous graphic artist and cartoonist.
He was a famous poet and a competent diplomat.
He was a fan of fishing.
He was a fan of those cigars.
He was a fan of wine.
He was a farmer.
He was a fervent follower of Bouteflika.
He was a fighter and a striver.
He was a fixture at the local mosque.
He was a forceful leader.
He was a foreigner and was treated as such.
He was a former United States Marine.
He was a former university professor and researcher.
He was a formidable opponent.
He was a freethinker.
He was a fresh face in American politics.
He was a freshman and she was a senior.
He was a friend of hers.
He was a friend of mine.
He was a friend.
He was a fruit farmer from California.
He was a funny little man, a great dandy, but wonderfully clever.
He was a funny president.
He was a general in WWII.
He was a general in the Second World War.
He was a genius.
He was a gifted Berber teacher.
He was a gifted Berber writer.
He was a god to his people.
He was a good and decent man who had become ensnared in this dreadful affair through no fault of his own.
He was a good boss, on top of being a good friend.
He was a good fellow at heart.
He was a good friend of mine.
He was a good friend.
He was a good guy and all, but the pillow talk wasn't great.
He was a good husband and father.
He was a good kid.
He was a good king.
He was a good kisser.
He was a good person.
He was a good student and a good athlete.
He was a good worker, say what you will.
He was a good-looking but somewhat raffish young gentleman.
He was a good-looking guy.
He was a great acting teacher.
He was a great authority on astronomy, or the science of the heavenly bodies.
He was a great educator so his children really listened to him.
He was a great general and statesman.
He was a great influence on me.
He was a great musician.
He was a great poet as well as a doctor.
He was a great president.
He was a great statesman and was elected president.
He was a great statesman in life.
He was a great teacher so his children were very obedient.
He was a guy from Kabylie, Algeria.
He was a handsome man.
He was a hard worker in his youth.
He was a hearty, full-blooded fellow, full of spirits and energy.
He was a helper to me with my projects.
He was a hero of the African campaign in World War II.
He was a hero of the war of 1812 against Britain.
He was a hero.
He was a jerk.
He was a jester, and nothing more. He felt no pain; he was a jester, and nothing more.
He was a jihadist.
He was a judge in an art contest.
He was a kind man, as I later discovered.
He was a kind master to his servants.
He was a kind old man who offered to mow his neighbours' lawns free of charge.
He was a kind person.
He was a know-it-all student.
He was a ladies' man.
He was a lanky fellow, and always had a big frown painted onto his face.
He was a late riser.
He was a lawyer.
He was a leader of the working class.
He was a little bit buzzed.
He was a little bit embarrassed to tell her he didn't know anything about Islam.
He was a little disappointed.
He was a little drunk.
He was a little old man with thick glasses.
He was a little worried about her.
He was a lonely man.
He was a loner.
He was a lot worse.
He was a lover of Berber culture from an early age.
He was a lucky man.
He was a major drug addict.
He was a man of average height.
He was a man of but few wants, and such as he had he could easily satisfy.
He was a man of cheerful aspect.
He was a man of excellent birth and education, who had squandered a fortune upon the turf, and who lived now by doing a little quiet and genteel book-making in the sporting clubs of London.
He was a man of great ambition.
He was a man of learning.
He was a man of little culture, but with a considerable amount of rude strength, both physically and mentally.
He was a man of singular habits, shunning company and very seldom going out.
He was a man of very little imagination, in sharp contrast with his brother, who had, perhaps, too much.
He was a man of very little imagination.
He was a man who never hesitated to disagree.
He was a man who was about fifty years of age.
He was a man who was the very picture of her ideals.
He was a man with iron abs and big biceps.
He was a married man.
He was a math teacher.
He was a mean man before his daughter was born.
He was a mediator.
He was a member of a social elite rather than the masses.
He was a member of the Republican Party.
He was a member of the Supreme Court.
He was a member of the expedition which climbed Mount Everest.
He was a mercenary, but preferred to call himself a soldier of fortune.
He was a mess.
He was a middle-of-the-road Democrat.
He was a military at the time and he was stationed in Kabylie.
He was a military prodigy.
He was a millionaire a long time ago.
He was a millionaire not long ago.
He was a miner.
He was a much better general than politician.
He was a national hero when he returned from the war.
He was a neutral participant at the discussion.
He was a new Muslim.
He was a nurse.
He was a paederast.
He was a painter, as I knew from his appearance.
He was a passionate smoker, but little by little, he defeated his passion.
He was a pathological liar.
He was a patsy set up to take the fall.
He was a pederast.
He was a perfect gentleman.
He was a pervert.
He was a picture of health when we last saw him.
He was a pioneer in this field.
He was a pitiable spectacle of neglect and wretchedness as he sat there on an upturned pail, eating his bread and cheese with fingers that, like his clothing, were grimed with paint and dirt.
He was a poet and a diplomat.
He was a poet and diplomat.
He was a poet and writer.
He was a police officer in the Skikda police department.
He was a poor musician.
He was a poor scholar and loved to play “hookey,” preferring the great outdoors to the crowded class-room. His marks were very poor as the result. But he was a voracious reader of literature.
He was a popular guy.
He was a pretty good friend of mine.
He was a pretty young teacher.
He was a professor at Cambridge University.
He was a professor at the University of Oxford and could use the most modern scientific devices.
He was a promising pupil.
He was a puny man.
He was a quiet fellow and came from a good family.
He was a rare example of an honest politician.
He was a real drunkard.
He was a real hero.
He was a real stickler for his principles.
He was a really bad influence on us.
He was a really nice teacher.
He was a really optimistic person.
He was a regular customer of the restaurants around here.
He was a regular member of the soccer club.
He was a rugby player.
He was a sailor.
He was a scaremonger, always trying to make people worry.
He was a scholar of Avicenna.
He was a scrawny, scared street dog when I took him in at my home.
He was a selfish bastard when we were together.
He was a serious Buddhist.
He was a serious Muslim.
He was a short man who smelled of fish.
He was a short, elderly man with thick glasses.
He was a shy and reserved person.
He was a sick man when he got to New Orleans.
He was a simple man.
He was a skilled blacksmith.
He was a skilled strategist and canny political operator.
He was a sleepwalker.
He was a small, slim, clean-shaven, prim-faced man, flaxen-haired and lean-jawed, between thirty and forty years of age, dressed in a grey suit and wearing a straw hat.
He was a so-called aristocrat by birth.
He was a soldier during the war.
He was a soldier in Korea.
He was a sophomore.
He was a spy.
He was a squat, corpulent, middle-sized man, with something of the gentleman about him, and that peculiar mild tone—especially while he was inflicting punishment—which is so much more terrible to children than the angriest looks and gestures.
He was a stalwart defender of the role of philosophy in education.
He was a stately man.
He was a staunch devotee who had unflinching faith.
He was a stock-market tycoon until the bears got him.
He was a stone-cold killer.
He was a strange fellow. He wrote one novel and then moved to Paris and disappeared.
He was a strange little ferret-like man, with white eyelashes.
He was a strict Catholic.
He was a strident defender and eloquent spokesperson for our home planet, Earth.
He was a strong boy, full of life, before he was stricken with the plague.
He was a strong leader of the Nation of Islam.
He was a strong-minded man, sir, shrewd, practical, and as unimaginative as I am myself.
He was a student at that time.
He was a student.
He was a substitute teacher.
He was a successful businessman.
He was a successful car salesman.
He was a successful computer salesman.
He was a sweet and honest guy.
He was a sycophant, always trying to ingratiate himself with the wealthy.
He was a tall boy, with curly brown hair, roguish hazel eyes, and a mouth twisted into a teasing smile.
He was a tall man.
He was a tall, heavy-looking young man of five-and-twenty. His air was grave and stately, and his manners were very formal.
He was a tall, thin man.
He was a teacher.
He was a terrible president.
He was a thick-set, burly man with a shock of grizzled hair, a brown, weather-beaten face, and blue eyes which were keen to the verge of fierceness.
He was a thoroughly nice man.
He was a tough guy.
He was a tragic figure.
He was a true dinosaur!
He was a true patriot and an able diplomat.
He was a truly vile creature and the world is better without him.
He was a trusted friend.
He was a valiant warrior.
He was a very Muslim guy.
He was a very brilliant boy, and carried away every prize which the school had to offer, finished his exploits by winning a scholarship which sent him on to continue his triumphant career at Cambridge.
He was a very cheerful person.
He was a very cultured man, though he wasn't the least bit aware of it.
He was a very experienced horseman.
He was a very good skier when he was little.
He was a very handsome boy, he had the face of an angel.
He was a very happy person.
He was a very hard-hearted man, for he could not bear poor people, and if he caught sight of a beggar anywhere near his house, he would order the servants to drive him away, or would set the dogs at him.
He was a very indifferent teacher.
He was a very kind man, but his verbosity was exasperating.
He was a very negative person.
He was a very refined man, but he wasn't the least bit aware of it.
He was a very restless gentleman, sir, a-walkin' and a-stampin' all the time he was here.
He was a very simple man, but he never cheated on others.
He was a very smart lawyer and politician.
He was a very tall, thin man, with a long nose like a beak, which shot out between two keen, grey eyes, set closely together and sparkling brightly from behind a pair of gold-rimmed glasses.
He was a violent criminal.
He was a waiter.
He was a wandering peddler.
He was a war hero, just like his dad.
He was a warm gentleman with a pleasant sense of humor.
He was a weak and delicate child.
He was a weak child with poor eyesight.
He was a weakling a lot growing up.
He was a well-lived individual.
He was a well-rounded person.
He was a wicked musician.
He was a widower, but a year after his son's wedding, he could not restrain himself any longer and also got married.
He was a wise man who originated the idea of God.
He was a wise man.
He was a witness to the accident.
He was a wonderful man, that uncle of yours.
He was a wonderful man.
He was a writer who had never lived up to the promise of his first novel.
He was abandoned as an infant.
He was abandoned by his parents.
He was abandoned on a desert island for four months.
He was abducted by aliens.
He was abducted from the store in broad daylight.
He was abducted.
He was ablaze with anger.
He was able to achieve native fluency in Berber in just six months.
He was able to admit when he was wrong.
He was able to afford a nice one-bedroom apartment.
He was able to answer all the questions.
He was able to bring everything to a good end.
He was able to build a small house.
He was able to buy what he needed.
He was able to communicate with aliens.
He was able to cook himself dinner, after a fashion.
He was able to do everything at will.
He was able to do that by himself.
He was able to do that on his own.
He was able to do that show.
He was able to escape.
He was able to extend his visa.
He was able to fit everything he owned into one suitcase.
He was able to fix the computer.
He was able to get along on the small amount of money.
He was able to get his job back.
He was able to get his own way.
He was able to get home before dark.
He was able to get jobs because of Berber.
He was able to get the information by reading the letter.
He was able to get there in less than ten minutes.
He was able to get work in that town.
He was able to go to Algeria.
He was able to go to Croatia.
He was able to learn Berber.
He was able to learn some Berber words.
He was able to make himself understood in Turkish when he visited Istanbul.
He was able to memorize that poem when he was five years old.
He was able to mourn his daughter's death.
He was able to park behind the hotel.
He was able to pass the difficult test.
He was able to pass the exam.
He was able to play.
He was able to predict the victory of Wahhabism and the renaissance of the Arab world.
He was able to put up remarkable performances at the sports competition.
He was able to read the book.
He was able to recite long passages of the Quran.
He was able to reduce taxes.
He was able to ski down the slope in three minutes.
He was able to ski down the slope.
He was able to solve the problem by himself.
He was able to solve the problem with ease.
He was able to solve the problem.
He was able to stay in Algeria.
He was able to take care of himself.
He was able to tell me a lot about the financial situation in the USA.
He was able to travel extensively out of Algeria.
He was able to understand the Quran.
He was able to visualise the scene, to take it all in, but as a distant spectator.
He was about my age.
He was about thirty years old when he met her.
He was about to achieve great plans.
He was about to apologize when the man punched him in the face.
He was about to beat me.
He was about to call her up, when her letter came.
He was about to drift off to sleep.
He was about to enter the house.
He was about to explode, but checked himself.
He was about to faint.
He was about to fall asleep, when he heard his name called.
He was about to get home when they called him to go to the hospital.
He was about to get into a fight.
He was about to get into bed.
He was about to get up from the ground when the other violently kicked him in the head.
He was about to go out when the telephone rang.
He was about to have some lunch.
He was about to hit me.
He was about to kick her.
He was about to learn a big lesson.
He was about to lose his life for a corpse that would not lie down.
He was about to lose his temper.
He was about to pass it when he perceived a ladder against the eaves; and the reflection that the higher he got, the further he could see, led Jude to stand and regard it.
He was about to say something, but he stopped himself.
He was about to speak.
He was about to start.
He was about to talk.
He was about to walk to school.
He was about twenty minutes from landing in Rome.
He was above all suspicion.
He was abroad for less than a month when he fell ill.
He was abroad for nine years.
He was abroad.
He was absent and so was she.
He was absent at roll call.
He was absent because of illness.
He was absent because of the storm.
He was absent during registration.
He was absent for a matter of ten days.
He was absent from class.
He was absent from school because he was ill.
He was absent from school because he was sick.
He was absent from school because of illness.
He was absent from school for a week.
He was absent from school on account of illness.
He was absent from school today, as he often is.
He was absent from school today, as is often the case with him.
He was absent from school yesterday because he was ill.
He was absent from school yesterday because he was sick.
He was absent from school yesterday.
He was absent from school.
He was absent from the meeting.
He was absent from work because he drank too much absinthe last night.
He was absent on the particular day.
He was absent owing to illness.
He was absent when the register was taken.
He was absent without leave.
He was absent yesterday.
He was absent-minded.
He was absent.
He was absolutely sure of himself.
He was absolved from blame.
He was absolved of all responsibility.
He was absolved of his sin.
He was absorbed by a black hole.
He was absorbed by his crosswords.
He was absorbed in a computer game.
He was absorbed in a manga.
He was absorbed in deep thought.
He was absorbed in his thoughts.
He was absorbed in listening to the music.
He was absorbed in reading when I visited him.
He was absorbed in reading.
He was absorbed in the book.
He was absorbed in thought.
He was abused by his father.
He was abusive.
He was accepted to a local college.
He was acclaimed as the best writer of the year.
He was accompanied by a bevy of buxom babes.
He was accompanied by his aunt.
He was accompanied by his girlfriend.
He was accompanied by his parents.
He was accompanied by his wife at the dinner party.
He was accompanied by his wife.
He was accompanied in his travels by his private secretary.
He was accompanied.
He was accorded permission to use the device.
He was accredited to the United States to represent Japan.
He was accredited to the chairman.
He was accredited with these words.
He was accused falsely.
He was accused of a crime.
He was accused of being a spy.
He was accused of being neglectful of his duties.
He was accused of collaborating with the enemy.
He was accused of corrupting morals and spreading dangerous ideas.
He was accused of cowardice.
He was accused of espionage.
He was accused of evading tax.
He was accused of falling asleep on guard duty.
He was accused of fudging data.
He was accused of having lied about the affair.
He was accused of having violated the law.
He was accused of money-laundering.
He was accused of murder.
He was accused of murdering his wife and child.
He was accused of neglecting his duty.
He was accused of obstruction of justice.
He was accused of sabotaging the project.
He was accused of squandering public funds.
He was accused of stealing dinosaur bones.
He was accused of stealing money.
He was accused of stealing the jewels.
He was accused of stealing the money.
He was accused of theft.
He was accused of treason.
He was accustomed to flying alone, and he had flown this route in his imagination many times.
He was accustomed to frequenting my house.
He was accustomed to obey without opposition, and, although wondering at this sudden vagary on the part of his master, usually so reasonable in all things, hastened to do his bidding.
He was accustomed to sitting up late.
He was accustomed to sleep until the afternoon.
He was acquainted with everybody in town.
He was acquitted of all charges against him.
He was acquitted of the death penalty.
He was acquitted.
He was acting a little strangely.
He was acting crazy.
He was acting innocent.
He was acting instinctively.
He was acting on his own.
He was acting on instinct.
He was acting on orders.
He was acting really weird.
He was acting strange.
He was acting strangely.
He was acting stupid.
He was acting under duress.
He was active in the resistance.
He was active in the underground.
He was actually a freshman.
He was actually born in Algeria.
He was actually coming to Kabylie.
He was actually living in Kabylie, Algeria.
He was actually older than her.
He was actuated by community spirit.
He was adamant.
He was adapted to the circumstances.
He was addicted.
He was adding salt to the wound.
He was adjusting his pants.
He was adjusting his shorts.
He was adjusting to life in Algeria.
He was admiring the giraffes.
He was admitted into the hospital.
He was admitted to college.
He was admitted to that school without taking the exam.
He was admitted to the burn unit.
He was admitted to the club.
He was admitted to the college.
He was admitted to the engineering school.
He was admitted to the school without sitting for an examination.
He was admitted to the school.
He was admitted without sitting for an examination.
He was admitted without taking the exam.
He was adopted at a young age.
He was adopted by a Muslim family.
He was adopted by an Algerian family.
He was adopted into a family from Algeria.
He was adopted shortly after Mom died.
He was adopted.
He was adored by a large number of his students.
He was advanced to a managerial post.
He was advanced to the rank of general.
He was advised to go to the hospital.
He was affable and smiling, and he told staff he was visiting friends in a seaside resort popular with day-trippers and, in recent years, associated with gay chic.
He was affected by the heat.
He was affectionately known to many as Uncle Tom.
He was afraid about what was going to happen.
He was afraid even to talk to his father.
He was afraid he might be deported.
He was afraid he might be evicted.
He was afraid he might be expelled.
He was afraid he might be fired.
He was afraid he might be laid off.
He was afraid he might get evicted.
He was afraid he might get fired.
He was afraid he was going to die.
He was afraid he would never see her again.
He was afraid he'd be late.
He was afraid he'd lost his key.
He was afraid of Islam.
He was afraid of being laughed at.
He was afraid of his own shadow.
He was afraid of his wife.
He was afraid of hurting her feelings.
He was afraid of hurting her.
He was afraid of losing you.
He was afraid of making the first move.
He was afraid of moths as a child.
He was afraid of speaking Berber.
He was afraid of the dark.
He was afraid of the dentist, too.
He was afraid of the dog.
He was afraid of the woman.
He was afraid she didn't like him.
He was afraid she might change her mind.
He was afraid that he might hurt her feelings.
He was afraid that she might poke her eye out, so he told her to be careful.
He was afraid that the typhoon would damage his house.
He was afraid that time would deceive them.
He was afraid that you would look into your past.
He was afraid to ask her father's permission to marry her.
He was afraid to cross the road.
He was afraid to do it by himself.
He was afraid to go there by himself.
He was afraid to go there.
He was afraid to swim.
He was afraid to tell his parents.
He was afraid, wasn't he?
He was afraid.
He was after the first prize.
He was again looking forward to the start of winter.
He was agitated by the news.
He was agitated.
He was ahead of his time.
He was aiming a gun at them.
He was airlifted.
He was alarmed by the explosion.
He was alarmed.
He was alerted.
He was alive.
He was all alone in the house.
He was all alone in the room.
He was all attention.
He was all but dead when taken to the hospital.
He was all by himself.
He was all chocked up about it.
He was all choked up about it.
He was all eagerness to see her.
He was all ears.
He was all excited about moving to Australia.
He was all full of blood.
He was all muscle.
He was all over me.
He was all right.
He was all smiles.
He was all soaking wet from top to toe.
He was all the more angry because she wasn't in the least sorry.
He was all the more angry because she wasn’t in the least sorry.
He was all worn out.
He was all wrong.
He was allegedly seduced by her into giving the key to the vault.
He was allergic to shellfish.
He was allergic to shrimp.
He was allowed on the ship.
He was allowed to film in the mosque.
He was allowed to go swimming on condition that he be kept near the other boys.
He was allowed to go to Britain last month to undergo treatment for a prolapsed disc—a medical condition affecting the spine.
He was allowed to go to school.
He was allowed to leave the workshop.
He was allowed to walk around the hospital while he was convalescing from his illness.
He was almost asleep when he heard his name called.
He was almost asleep.
He was almost blind right before dying.
He was almost drowned.
He was almost fluent in Berber.
He was almost hit by a car.
He was almost kidnapped in Kabylie, Algeria.
He was almost never at home.
He was almost petrified with terror.
He was almost run over at a junction.
He was almost run over by a car.
He was almost run over by a dump truck.
He was almost there.
He was alone at the time.
He was alone in a hospital room.
He was alone in the beer garden last night.
He was alone in the dark.
He was alone in the darkness - and nobody else.
He was alone in the darkness. There was nobody else, except for a little squirrel hiding behind a tree.
He was alone in the house.
He was alone in the room.
He was alone in the world; if he were to die, who would feel sorry for him? Who would think of him?
He was alone most of the time.
He was alone on Friday night.
He was alone there.
He was alone.
He was along toward fifty.
He was aloof.
He was already at the hospital.
He was already in the mosque.
He was already late for work.
He was already out when I got there.
He was already regretting it.
He was already showing antisocial behavior.
He was already sleeping.
He was already springing into action when the director shouted 'Cut!'.
He was already well along in years.
He was alright.
He was also deaf.
He was also dogged by allegations that he had ties to Chinese criminal gangs known as triads, which he denied.
He was also instructed in music by Linus the centaur (centaurs were horses with a man's head); however, he devoted himself with less interest to this art.
He was also kind to animals.
He was also present at the party.
He was also really controlling.
He was also stunned.
He was also there.
He was also weird.
He was always a man of iron nerve, and the story is still told in India how he crawled down a drain after a wounded man-eating tiger.
He was always a quiet boy, but he surprised everyone when he responded to the professor's question.
He was always a rude man; not even his wife made him change.
He was always abrupt on the telephone.
He was always accompanied by his wife.
He was always accompanied by someone.
He was always annoyed in the city by noises of one sort or another.
He was always around me.
He was always as good as his word.
He was always babying the kids.
He was always boozing back then.
He was always boozing in those days.
He was always comfortable.
He was always different from other children.
He was always different.
He was always drinking in those days.
He was always earmarking funds for his pet projects.
He was always faithful to his wife.
He was always filthy and looked like he wasn't given enough food.
He was always filthy and looked like he wasn’t given enough food.
He was always finding fault with me.
He was always friendly to me.
He was always getting in trouble with the Old Bill.
He was always good at drawing.
He was always good to his kids.
He was always hungry.
He was always in hot water with his teachers for being late.
He was always in the woods.
He was always interested in astronomy.
He was always into art.
He was always into offroading.
He was always kind to me.
He was always knocking it back in those days.
He was always late.
He was always more sensible than me.
He was always obsessed by belly button piercing.
He was always on duty.
He was always on the news.
He was always on the people's side.
He was always on the people’s side.
He was always on the side of the weak against the strong.
He was always pulling my leg when we worked together.
He was always ready to help people in trouble.
He was always ready with a few wise words, that Confucius!
He was always single.
He was always terse on the telephone.
He was always true to his promises.
He was always trying to provoke an argument.
He was always very eager to meet people.
He was always very respectful.
He was always watching TV when he was a child.
He was always wrapped by a dangerous air.
He was always wrapped by a dark air.
He was always wrapped by a mysterious air.
He was amazed at his foolishness.
He was amazed at the news.
He was amazed at the sight.
He was amazed.
He was amazing.
He was ambassador to the United Nations.
He was ambitious of political fame.
He was ambitious of success in business.
He was ambitious.
He was ambling along.
He was ambushed in the woods.
He was among the first to start feeling like this.
He was among the top students in his class.
He was among those chosen.
He was amused at my joke.
He was amused at your suggestion.
He was amused by what he saw.
He was amused.
He was amusing.
He was an American, as I knew from his accent.
He was an Australian, as I knew by his accent.
He was an Olympic champion in weightlifting.
He was an abstract artist.
He was an actor.
He was an admirable Persian poet.
He was an affectionate father and husband.
He was an amazing kisser.
He was an amiable fellow, but had a certain reserve that he would not let you casually trespass upon.
He was an ardent Muslim believer.
He was an artist who earned a living by painting royal portraits.
He was an asshole.
He was an atheist writer who came from a stoutly religious family.
He was an athlete in high school.
He was an awful president.
He was an early riser in his youth.
He was an elderly man, with a thin, projecting nose, a high, bald forehead, and a huge grizzled moustache.
He was an elected representative.
He was an engineer and was treated as such.
He was an entire stranger to us.
He was an example of a famous athlete, in his days.
He was an example of a popular athlete in his days.
He was an excellent scientist, and what is more, was a great poet.
He was an excellent student, so far as I'm aware.
He was an exchange student in Algiers.
He was an expert in mixing condiments and he soon invented Thousand Island salad dressing.
He was an extremely able man.
He was an extremely good liar.
He was an eyewitness to a tragic event.
He was an holy Joe that everyone respected.
He was an honest man.
He was an honest politician.
He was an honorable, high principled man, and not for the world would he have been guilty of an act which could produce new discord with those already divided hearts.
He was an iconoclast who wore his uniqueness as a badge of honor.
He was an idol.
He was an impoverished musician.
He was an indolent man, who lived only to eat, drink, and play at cards.
He was an intelligent and practical man.
He was an old hand at the game.
He was an old man and had lost his eyesight.
He was an orphan and illiterate.
He was an outcast.
He was an outspoken racist.
He was an unsophisticated boy, but the gift of sudden insight which is sometimes vouchsafed to children showed him all at once what shoddy humanity the quack was made of.
He was an utter stranger.
He was angered by the murder of their comrades.
He was angrier.
He was angry and confused.
He was angry and hit her.
He was angry as hell.
He was angry at her words.
He was angry at himself.
He was angry at the suggestion that he was dishonest.
He was angry at what she said.
He was angry because I wouldn't give him any help.
He was angry because I wouldn’t give him any help.
He was angry because of what she said.
He was angry for a long time.
He was angry that I had insulted him.
He was angry to find the door locked.
He was angry with Skura.
He was angry with her.
He was angry with himself.
He was angry with his daughter.
He was angry with his son.
He was angry with his students.
He was angry with his wife.
He was angry with me because I did not want to know more about him.
He was angry with me because I didn't go to his birthday party.
He was angry, but he listened to me patiently.
He was angry.
He was angst-ridden.
He was annoyed at having to show up before the public.
He was annoyed by the baby.
He was annoyed, but didn't say anything.
He was annoyed.
He was annoying.
He was another victim of the street.
He was anxious for a bicycle.
He was anxious for fame.
He was anxious for his brother to meet you.
He was anxious to finish school and make his own way in the world.
He was anxious to go.
He was anxious to meet you.
He was anxious.
He was anything but happy.
He was apologetic for being absent.
He was appalled.
He was apparently in hospital at the time.
He was appointed Japanese minister to Mexico.
He was appointed Minister of Finance.
He was appointed a Japanese envoy to Mexico.
He was appointed adviser to the board.
He was appointed ambassador to Britain.
He was appointed chairman.
He was appointed manager of the factory.
He was appointed to a responsible post.
He was appreciative of her kindness.
He was apprehended quickly.
He was approached by a guard.
He was approaching his fourteenth birthday.
He was approaching the boat.
He was approaching the mosque.
He was approaching.
He was apt to boast of his knowledge.
He was arguing with her.
He was arguing with the neighbours again.
He was arm in arm with another man.
He was armed.
He was around fourteen or fifteen years old.
He was around thirteen or fourteen years old.
He was around.
He was arrested after he resisted being asked for his name.
He was arrested again in 1999.
He was arrested again in London.
He was arrested and charged with the murder.
He was arrested and immediately taken to headquarters.
He was arrested as a suspect in a criminal case.
He was arrested as an accessory to the robbery.
He was arrested at his home.
He was arrested at the Algerian border.
He was arrested at the police station.
He was arrested at work.
He was arrested based on little evidence.
He was arrested because he stole money.
He was arrested because he stole the money.
He was arrested by police after a TV chase in Osaka.
He was arrested by the police.
He was arrested for abusing public funds.
He was arrested for allegedly stealing a boat.
He was arrested for being drunk and disorderly.
He was arrested for breaking the law.
He was arrested for drunken driving.
He was arrested for fencing stolen goods.
He was arrested for impersonating some celebrities.
He was arrested for indecent exposure.
He was arrested for misappropriating public funds.
He was arrested for murder.
He was arrested for public indecency.
He was arrested for theft.
He was arrested immediately.
He was arrested in Algeria for tax evasion.
He was arrested in Algeria.
He was arrested in Kabylie, Algeria.
He was arrested in Paris.
He was arrested in an Algerian airport.
He was arrested in the 1990s for sexual assault allegations that turned out to be true.
He was arrested on charges of tax evasion.
He was arrested on returning to Algeria.
He was arrested on the charge of burglary.
He was arrested three years after he murdered her.
He was arrested when he refused to give his name.
He was arrested.
He was as bald as a pumpkin.
He was as dead as a doornail.
He was as drunk as a lord.
He was as gentle a man as ever lived.
He was as good a man as I had thought.
He was as good a pianist as his mother.
He was as good as his word.
He was as great a poet as ever lived.
He was as honest as the day is long.
He was as mischievous as any boy in the class.
He was as naked as the day he was born.
He was as popular with men as he was with women, and he had every accomplishment except that of making money.
He was as ravenous as a bear.
He was as silent as the grave.
He was as still as a statue.
He was ashamed of having done such a thing.
He was ashamed of her ignorance.
He was ashamed of himself this time.
He was ashamed of himself.
He was ashamed of his ignorance.
He was ashamed of his tears.
He was ashamed of not having worked hard.
He was ashamed of the grades he got.
He was ashamed of troubling you.
He was ashamed.
He was asked not to close the window.
He was asked to account for his failure.
He was asked to appear on television.
He was asked to give a talk about Islam.
He was asked to give her some money.
He was asked to leave Algiers.
He was asked to take out the trash.
He was asking God for guidance.
He was asking God for help.
He was asking about your health.
He was asking banal questions.
He was asking for forgiveness.
He was asking for it.
He was asking questions about the Quran.
He was asleep during the lesson.
He was asleep in his room.
He was asleep in the bed.
He was asleep when he was shot.
He was asleep.
He was assailed by anguish.
He was assailed with doubts.
He was assassinated in 1997.
He was assaulted.
He was assertive by nature.
He was assigned a task.
He was assigned the middle seat of the row.
He was assigned to that cell.
He was astonished by what he saw.
He was at Dina's house.
He was at Olivia's place.
He was at a boarding school.
He was at a loss as to which faculty to choose.
He was at a loss for a word.
He was at a loss for an answer.
He was at a loss for words.
He was at a loss to explain where he had put the dictionary.
He was at a loss to know what to do.
He was at a loss what to do next.
He was at a loss what to do.
He was at a loss when to start.
He was at a loss which way to take.
He was at a party.
He was at dinner.
He was at ease with strangers.
He was at fault.
He was at her beck and call, quietly but evidently elated when at her side, and unmistakably bored when passing time with some other young woman and awaiting Elise's summons.
He was at her side.
He was at high school.
He was at his friend's house last night.
He was at home by himself all day.
He was at home yesterday.
He was at home.
He was at loose ends.
He was at pains to finish his work.
He was at school.
He was at the airport to meet Mr West.
He was at the back of the bus.
He was at the bakery.
He was at the bank.
He was at the bar.
He was at the bottom of the class.
He was at the bottom of the well.
He was at the cafeteria five minutes before noon.
He was at the camp.
He was at the center of a scandal.
He was at the doctor's.
He was at the end of his tether.
He was at the front for three months.
He was at the gate of death.
He was at the laundry.
He was at the mall.
He was at the meeting, to be sure, but he was asleep.
He was at the minimart.
He was at the movies.
He was at the nightclub.
He was at the park.
He was at the party, wasn't he?
He was at the point of death when I arrived.
He was at the police station.
He was at the pub.
He was at the sex store.
He was at the store.
He was at the supermarket.
He was at the table.
He was at the theatre with his wife.
He was at the top of the stairs.
He was at the wrong place at the wrong time.
He was at work till late at night.
He was attached to the fishing line.
He was attacked and eaten by a lion.
He was attacked as he was returning home late at night.
He was attacked by a dinosaur.
He was attacked by a gang. They beat him and took away his wallet.
He was attacked by a giraffe.
He was attacked by a high fever.
He was attacked by a huge male giraffe.
He was attacked by a shark.
He was attacked by a sharp pain in his stomach.
He was attacked there by the rebels.
He was attacked.
He was attempting to break out of prison.
He was attempting to give me a boost.
He was attentive.
He was attracted by her smile.
He was attracted to her like a moth to a flame.
He was attracted to the woman.
He was automatically placed on a lower priority.
He was available.
He was avoiding meeting her.
He was awake.
He was awarded Algerian citizenship in 2004.
He was awarded a grant to study in Germany.
He was awarded a knighthood in acknowledgement of his services to the nation.
He was awarded a scholarship to do research for the foundation.
He was awarded a special prize.
He was awarded an order.
He was awarded by the chancellor of the university for his doctoral thesis which applied the latest in astrophysical knowledge to how underboobs swing.
He was aware of a sharp pain.
He was aware of being watched.
He was aware of her presence but didn't look at her.
He was aware of my presence but he did not greet me.
He was aware of the danger.
He was aware of the difficulties.
He was aware that I was around, but didn't come to greet me.
He was away from home.
He was away from the swimming pool.
He was away on a foreign holiday and was absent from the Esperanto course.
He was away that weekend.
He was awesome.
He was awful to me.
He was awfully skinny.
He was awoken by the noise.
He was babbling.
He was back at the parking lot.
He was back in Algiers during the summer break.
He was back in Algiers.
He was backpacking.
He was bad at Berber.
He was badly treated at the hands of his enemies.
He was badly treated.
He was badly wounded.
He was baffled.
He was baking in the hot sun.
He was bald.
He was ball-tapped.
He was banging his head against a brick wall.
He was banished from the dance hall because he was drunk, but he returned there.
He was banished from the kingdom.
He was banished from the village assembly.
He was banished from the village.
He was banished to an island for high treason.
He was banned from practising medicine.
He was banned from traveling to Algeria.
He was banned.
He was baptized a Catholic.
He was baptized a Methodist.
He was bare naked.
He was bare to the waist.
He was bare-chested and barefoot.
He was barefoot with his hands behind his back.
He was barefoot.
He was barefooted, and his clothes were thin and raggy.
He was barely paying attention to that.
He was barred from entering this restaurant.
He was bartering information.
He was basically on his phone the entire time.
He was bathed in the warmth of the kind light.
He was batshit crazy!
He was beat up.
He was beaten black and blue.
He was beaten by his father.
He was beaten in two games straight.
He was beaten into submission.
He was beaten to within an inch of his life.
He was beaten too easily.
He was beaten up and left for dead.
He was beaten up by a gang.
He was beaten with an iron rod during a violent soccer match.
He was beaten.
He was beating his wife.
He was beautiful.
He was becoming a famous singer.
He was becoming an adult.
He was becoming forgetful, which bothered him a lot.
He was bedazzled by her beauty.
He was bedridden.
He was begging for his life.
He was beginning to think it a good idea to escape while he had the chance.
He was beginning to worry about himself.
He was behaving as though he'd lost the plot.
He was behaving quite strangely.
He was behaving quite weirdly.
He was behaving rather oddly.
He was behaving so stupidly that I couldn't keep my temper.
He was behaving so stupidly that I couldn’t keep my temper.
He was beheaded.
He was behind a computer screen.
He was behind the door listening to us.
He was behind the wheel when the accident happened.
He was behind time yesterday.
He was behind us.
He was behind you.
He was being beaten when I arrived.
He was being childish.
He was being dramatic.
He was being groomed as a presidential candidate.
He was being held hostage by the pirates.
He was being manipulated by corrupt politicians.
He was being messy.
He was being prepped for surgery.
He was being problematic.
He was being questioned by the police.
He was being rude to her.
He was being stubborn.
He was being taught English by his brother when we called on him.
He was being very abrasive.
He was believed to have committed the crime.
He was bent over a courgette plant.
He was bereaved of his son.
He was bereft of all hope.
He was beside himself on her account.
He was beside himself with excitement.
He was beside himself with grief.
He was beside himself with joy.
He was beside himself with rage when he heard the remark.
He was beside himself with rage.
He was beside himself.
He was beside the trellis up which climbed his treasured fuchsia.
He was besieged by callers.
He was besotted with her.
He was betrayed by his brothers.
He was betrothed to a lady of The Hague, the only daughter of a wealthy wine-merchant, who, according to his account, seemed to be as beautiful as she was good and rich, and they were to be married in the spring.
He was better off when he was young.
He was better than I expected.
He was better.
He was bewildered on that day.
He was bewildered.
He was biased when he made that remark about him.
He was biased.
He was bidding for popular support.
He was big and handsome.
He was big and shaggy.
He was big and slow and silent.
He was big.
He was bigger than her.
He was billed to appear as Romeo.
He was binge watching movies on Netflix.
He was bitching very much in our conversation yesterday.
He was bitten by a shark November 5 at Cid Harbour, a large and popular anchorage in the Whitsunday Islands off eastern Australia.
He was bitten by a snake.
He was bitten by a snapping turtle.
He was bitten by a wild animal.
He was bitten in the leg by a snake.
He was bitten on the neck but no one noticed.
He was bitten.
He was blamed for neglect of duty.
He was blamed for the murder.
He was blazing with anger.
He was bleeding from his wounds.
He was bleeding profusely.
He was bleeding to death.
He was bleeding.
He was blessed to be born to Muslim parents.
He was blind drunk.
He was blind from birth.
He was blind in one eye.
He was blind with sorrow.
He was blind.
He was blinded by love.
He was blinded in an accident.
He was blinded.
He was blowing the money away.
He was blown away by her.
He was blown up by a land mine.
He was blue from the cold.
He was blue with cold.
He was bluffing.
He was bored the whole day.
He was bored with his family.
He was bored with his job.
He was bored with his life.
He was bored with his wife, an excellent woman he didn't deserve.
He was bored with his wife, an excellent woman he didn’t deserve.
He was bored.
He was boring.
He was born Cuban.
He was born February 14th, 1960.
He was born Muslim.
He was born a Muslim.
He was born a man but has the mentality of a woman.
He was born a million years ago.
He was born an artist.
He was born and bred a gentleman.
He was born and brought up in Tokyo.
He was born and raised a Muslim.
He was born and raised a Sunni Muslim.
He was born and raised as a Muslim.
He was born and raised here in Algeria.
He was born and raised in Algeria when it was controlled by the French.
He was born and raised in Algeria.
He was born and raised in Algiers, Algeria.
He was born and raised in Osaka.
He was born and raised in Tokyo.
He was born and raised in a small town.
He was born at seven on the morning of June 5 in 1970.
He was born deaf.
He was born dumb.
He was born here in Algiers.
He was born here.
He was born in 1924 in Algeria into extreme poverty.
He was born in 1947.
He was born in 1960.
He was born in 1961, as Algeria was becoming a country.
He was born in 2004.
He was born in Africa.
He was born in Algeria and grew up in Germany.
He was born in Algeria and raised in Tunisia.
He was born in Algeria and raised right here in Skikda.
He was born in Algeria in 1974 and migrated to Canada in 2004.
He was born in Algeria stateless.
He was born in Algeria.
He was born in Algiers, Algeria.
He was born in Algiers.
He was born in America and grew up in Japan.
He was born in America.
He was born in Athens in 1956.
He was born in Bejaia, Algeria, to an intellectual family.
He was born in Bejaia, Algeria.
He was born in China but lives in Angola.
He was born in England, and therefore speaks English.
He was born in England, but was educated in America.
He was born in Georgia.
He was born in Greece.
He was born in January.
He was born in Kabylie.
He was born in Mexico.
He was born in Nagasaki.
He was born in Nishapur, the first capital of the Seljuk Empire.
He was born in Ohio but brought up in Texas.
He was born in Ohio.
He was born in Osaka, but grew up in Tokyo.
He was born in Osaka.
He was born in Rajshahi.
He was born in Rome.
He was born in Russia.
He was born in Switzerland.
He was born in Vancouver Oct. 23, 1976.
He was born in a little town in Bejaia, Algeria.
He was born in a manger near Bethlehem.
He was born in a palace that isn't there any more.
He was born in a poor village in central Algeria.
He was born in a small town in Italy.
He was born in a small village in Algeria.
He was born in a small village in the south of Turkey.
He was born in a village near Tehran.
He was born in an Algerian village.
He was born in the 19th century.
He was born in the March of Brandenburg.
He was born in the U.S.A.
He was born in the US.
He was born in the United States of America.
He was born in the United States.
He was born in the eighties.
He was born in the first half of March of 1980.
He was born in the land of the mafia.
He was born in the spring.
He was born in the winter.
He was born in this very room.
He was born in winter.
He was born into Islam.
He was born into a Muslim family.
He was born into a humble family.
He was born into a noble family.
He was born into a poor family.
He was born like that.
He was born near Algiers.
He was born of an Algerian father and a Russian mother.
He was born of poor parents.
He was born of the earth, he will return to the earth.
He was born on April twenty-third, nineteen hundred and eight.
He was born on July 28th, 1888.
He was born on May 5, 1998.
He was born on Valentine's Day, which is the feast of lovers.
He was born on the 28th July 1888.
He was born on the eve of Yennayer, the Berber New Year.
He was born on the twenty-second of February.
He was born out of wedlock.
He was born poor, but died a millionaire.
He was born rich.
He was born so poor that he received hardly any school education.
He was born the day he died.
He was born there.
He was born three days before New Year's Day of 2011.
He was born to Algerian parents.
He was born to Muslim parents.
He was born to a Muslim family.
He was born to a noble family.
He was born to a single mother.
He was born to be a leader.
He was born to be a painter.
He was born to be a technician.
He was born to be an editor.
He was born to be an engineer.
He was born to parents who were Algerian immigrants.
He was born to poor parents.
He was born to teach Berber.
He was born with a deformity in his right hand.
He was born with a genetic malformation.
He was born with a priestly vocation.
He was born with a rare disease.
He was born with a silver spoon in his mouth.
He was born with a very big belly button.
He was born with an incompletely formed heart valve.
He was born with rough, gravel-like skin.
He was born within the sound of the Bow bells.
He was born yesterday, now he has become a man.
He was born yesterday.
He was borne away by an impulse.
He was borne away by passion.
He was bossy.
He was bought up by his strong willed sister.
He was bound hand and foot.
He was bound to pay his father's debt.
He was bound to pay his father’s debt.
He was bowled over by her enthusiasm.
He was bragging.
He was brash.
He was brave enough to go there alone.
He was brave enough to say it.
He was brave in the face of danger.
He was brave.
He was breathing down my neck all day yesterday.
He was breathing heavily.
He was breathing with difficulty, but he was conscious.
He was bribed by the policeman?! Impossible!
He was bright like the 4th of July! "Wow!", I thought!
He was bright.
He was brilliant in the morning sun.
He was brimming over with hope.
He was broad-shouldered and a head taller than most of his peers.
He was broke all the time.
He was broke.
He was broken by the failure of his business.
He was brought before the king to answer for his actions.
He was brought into the courtroom with his hands cuffed behind his back.
He was brought to justice.
He was brought to tears.
He was brought to the infirmary.
He was brought up against the realities of life.
He was brought up by foster parents.
He was brought up by her grandmother.
He was brought up by his grandmother.
He was brought up by his uncle.
He was brought up here.
He was brought up in Australia.
He was brought up to be a doctor.
He was brought up to riding.
He was brushed with duties.
He was building a time machine.
He was building himself a cottage in the middle of the woods.
He was building his dream house in Algiers.
He was bullied as a kid.
He was bullied at school.
He was bullied by his classmates.
He was bullied every day.
He was bullied for no reason.
He was bullied when he was a kid.
He was bullied.
He was bullying and beating up his friends.
He was bullying him.
He was bumped up from the third grade to the fourth.
He was buried alive.
He was buried by an avalanche.
He was buried in Algeria.
He was buried in the La Recoleta Cemetery.
He was buried in this graveyard.
He was buried.
He was burned alive.
He was burned at the stake.
He was burned to death in the fire.
He was burning himself out.
He was burning the candle at both ends.
He was burning to go home.
He was burning up with fever.
He was burning with fever.
He was burning with his anger.
He was bursting to go home.
He was bursting with energy.
He was bursting with fury.
He was busy collecting stuff for his report.
He was busy copying his friend's notebook.
He was busy copying his friend’s notebook.
He was busy getting ready for his journey.
He was busy making TikToks.
He was busy making a telescope.
He was busy reading the Quran.
He was busy today.
He was busy when I called him up.
He was busy when I phoned him.
He was busy when I rang him.
He was busy with his homework.
He was busy with housework.
He was busy with work and did not have leisure time.
He was busy yesterday afternoon.
He was busy, and yet he came to help us.
He was busy, but he took the time to show me around the city.
He was busy.
He was buying coffee.
He was by himself in his car.
He was by himself.
He was by no means happy.
He was called Don Quixote of La Mancha.
He was called Ted by his friends.
He was called a "living legend".
He was called a terrorist.
He was called away on business.
He was called back from his trip.
He was called down by his boss for missing his deadline.
He was called in for further questioning.
He was called names.
He was called out for it.
He was called to fix a broken light fixture.
He was called to give evidence.
He was called to her bedside for the final moments.
He was called to the stage.
He was called up in August, 1942.
He was called upon, but refused at first to give it up, till the shrieks became so hideous that he was compelled to hasten with others to learn the cause.
He was called.
He was calling friends and family to Islam.
He was calling her names.
He was calling his kids.
He was calling in the herd.
He was calling the shots.
He was calm in the face of great danger.
He was calm in the presence of danger.
He was calm.
He was captivated by her beauty.
He was captivated by the daughter of the aged count.
He was captured and held for trial.
He was captured by pirates.
He was captured by the Indians.
He was captured.
He was car camping with his friends in Kabylie.
