The drivers are at the starting line and raring to go!
The drivers began arguing about who was to blame for the accident.
The drivers complained about the congestion.
The drivers complained about the tailbacks.
The drivers complained about the traffic jams.
The driver’s license can serve as photo identification, which in the U.S. may be required for several kinds of transactions, such as shopping with a credit card.
The driver’s license can serve as photo identification.
The driveway is roughly a quarter mile long.
The driveway leading to the house was gravel, with rose bushes on both sides.
The driveway needs to be shoveled.
The driveway to the shack was pretty long.
The driving teacher asked his young student "Couldn't you accelerate slowly?"
The drizzle turned into steady rain and we were soaked through by the time we got home.
The drizzle turned to rain.
The droid drank water, which made him malfunction.
The dromedary has enabled humans to inhabit the hostile regions of the Sahara Desert.
The dromedary isn't aware of its hump.
The drone can recognize which flying insects are beneficial and avoid them.
The drone zoomed in on the target and properly identified it.
The droning synthesizers and muted percussion can feed a languid, dozy mood, or they can just seem self-indulgently boring, depending on the listener's mood and taste.
The drop in his grades occurred gradually.
The drop in oil prices continues.
The drop-dead pissed driver confessed to running somebody over.
The droplets entered Pietro’s eyes.
The dropped ring sank to the bottom of the ocean.
The drought damaged all the crops there.
The drought did severe damage to the harvest.
The drought has done great harm to the crops.
The drought in the Horn of Africa, now in its fifth year, is the worst for decades.
The drought is intensifying in the Horn of Africa.
The drought is over.
The drought led to an insufficiency of food.
The drought made the tree wither.
The drought may tell on the harvest this year.
The drought this year was very damaging for rural areas.
The drought was blamed for the poor crop.
The drought will extend to all areas.
The drove through the thruway.
The drowned body has not been recovered.
The drowning boy was more dead than alive.
The drowning man called for help, but in vain.
The drowning man grasped at the rope.
The drowning man shouted for help.
The drudgery of housework never ends.
The drug acted quickly.
The drug acts like magic.
The drug addict had to undergo rehabilitation.
The drug culture has its own rules.
The drug did nothing to stem Yanni's drift into depression.
The drug gave me kidney stones.
The drug ice can fetch an estimated $1 million per kilogram on the streets.
The drug is wearing off.
The drug lord kept four hippos.
The drug mafia hinders everyone seeking to find a vaccine against coronavirus.
The drug must go through clinical trials before being approved.
The drug problem is international.
The drug smuggler was arrested at the airport.
The drug was revealed to cause liver damage.
The drug was wearing off.
The drug, called AT04A, is a form of immunotherapy that targets an enzyme, called PCSK9, that contributes to the formation of harmful plaque in coronary arteries.
The drugs on the shelf can be freely sold.
The drugstore is at the end of this road.
The drugstore is at the end of this street.
The drum faded away.
The drum is a percussion instrument.
The drum is the lord of music.
The drum is weak.
The drum kit is a percussion instrument.
The drummer died.
The drummer drowned.
The drummer grabbed the drumsticks and made the music start.
The drummer is also the lead singer in that band.
The drummer is also the lead singer of that band.
The drummer is missing.
The drummer is quitting the band.
The drummer overdosed.
The drummer was Tom.
The drummer was buried last week.
The drummer was good at keeping rhythm.
The drumming of his fingers was thunderous to Alicia's sensitive ears.
The drumming of his fingers was thunderous to Alicia’s sensitive ears.
The drums are annoying as fuck in this video.
The drums of war are beating.
The drunk bear broke into our cabins.
The drunk driver damaged a tree.
The drunk driver drove his car straight through the wall of the house and into a bedroom.
The drunk driver had to spend the night in jail.
The drunk driver took the turn too fast, lost control of his car, and sideswiped six parked cars.
The drunk rolled up to him.
The drunk tourists left the hotel room in shambles after their visit.
The drunkard had too much to drink; he has gone haywire.
The drunken man awoke to find himself in prison.
The drunken man couldn't walk straight.
The drunken man couldn’t walk straight.
The drunken man grasped my collar and swore at me.
The drunken men made derogatory remarks toward the women in the club.
The drunken sailors wrecked havoc inside the bar.
The dry leaves formed a carpet in the central plaza.
The dry leaves immediately caught fire.
The dry leaves were carried by the wind like feathers.
The dry season has low humidity, and some watering holes and rivers dry up.
The dry season is the toughest season for giraffes.
The dry season there will set in soon.
The dry season will set in soon.
The dry spell continued into September.
The dryer shrunk my jeans.
The drying rack is always in the way.
The dual input decoder will have to go.
The duality of art is a fatal consequence of the duality of man.
The dub was really bad.
The dubbed movie is annoying to watch because the audio is out of sync with the video.
The duchess carried herself with dignity and grace.
The duchess curtsied gracefully before the king.
The duchess smiled serenely as she accepted the gift.
The duchess wore a gown of the finest silk.
The duchess wore a large hat.
The duchess’s gown flowed like water as she walked.
The duchess’s laughter filled the ballroom.
The duchess’s pearls sparkled under the chandelier.
The duck ate pineapple.
The duck disappeared.
The duck eats a fly.
The duck eats pineapple.
The duck is a bird.
The duck is eating a fly.
The duck laid three eggs, out of which there came one morning two little fluffy ducklings and a little ugly drake.
The duck quacks 'quack quack'.
The duck quacks.
The duck was still alive on the fifth day.
The duck will eat pineapple.
The duck's beak is also the rabbit's ears.
The duck-rabbit illusion first appeared in the Fliegenden Blätter in 1892.
The duckling is ugly.
The duckling would be very happy by now, if only the goose would put up with him.
The ducks are waddling around the pond.
The ducks enjoy the food.
The ducks flapped their wings in the sun to dry off.
The ducks flew away.
The ducks pecked him, the chickens beat him, and the girl who fed the poultry kicked him with her feet.
The ducks quacked happily as Gabriel fed them by the lake.
The ducks quacked.
The ducks started flapping their wings.
The duckweed took over the aquarium.
The dude with the mullet always wears acid-washed jeans.
The duduk is an ancient instrument.
The due date for submitting the application is this Friday.
The duffle bag full of marijuana kilograms started to spill open. Tom ran over and began to tighten up the knots. The border agent looked at Tom suspiciously. Tom quickly said, "I have a lot of diarrhea when I travel. These are my soiled underwear." The officer said, "Stop telling me that."
The dugong is a herbivorous marine mammal.
The dugong is a marine mammal.
The duke extended his hand for the dance.
The duke holds a lot of land.
The duke owns a lot of land.
The duke raised his glass in a toast to the queen.
The duke swore loyalty to his liege, but betrayed her at the first chance.
The duke’s attire was impeccably tailored.
The duke’s toast was met with cheers from the court.
The dull lecture bored the audience.
The dullest pencil is better than the sharpest memory.
The dumb masses believe that Mandela was a decent man.
The dumber the white man is, the more the black man looks dumb to him.
The dumbest farmers have the biggest potatoes.
The dumbest questions are those, that I cannot answer.
The dump truck was fully loaded.
The dumping of industrial waste has made the city's water supply toxic.
The dung ball is compacted.
The dung ball is heavy.
The dung ball is pretty dry.
The dung beetle buried the dung ball to save it for later.
The dung beetle can push things almost 1000 times its own body weight.
The dung beetle climbed up on the top of the dung beetle to regain its line of sight.
The dung beetle climbs up on the top of its dung ball and uses the position of the sun, the moon or even the Milky Way to reorient itself.
The dung beetle dug a burrow in the soft sand.
The dung beetle fell off its dung ball.
The dung beetle fought another beetle to reclaim its dung ball.
The dung beetle found its way back to its burrow.
The dung beetle inspects the environment to find its line of sight before it proceeds to roll its dung ball.
The dung beetle is going this direction.
The dung beetle is moving this direction.
The dung beetle laid its egg withing the dung ball.
The dung beetle larva hatched and ate its way out of the dung ball.
The dung beetle lays a single egg within the dung ball.
The dung beetle made a nice ball of the dung.
The dung beetle neatly shaped the dung into a ball.
The dung beetle pushed its dung ball into the burrow.
The dung beetle rolled its dung ball away.
The dung beetle started to roll a ball away.
The dung beetle took its turd ball to its burrow.
The dung beetle took the dung ball to its burrow.
The dung beetle took the turd to its burrow.
The dung beetle turned in another direction.
The dung beetle was on its dung ball.
The dung beetle was on the top of its dung ball.
The dung beetle was pushing a big ball of poop.
The dung beetle was pushing its dung ball.
The dung beetle was rolling a big ball of poop.
The dung beetle was rolling a big turd ball.
The dung beetle was rolling a compacted dung beetle.
The dung beetle was rolling a fresh dung ball.
The dung beetle was rolling a huge dung ball.
The dung beetle was rolling its poop ball away.
The dung beetles are fighting for the same dung ball.
The dung beetles fought over a dung ball.
The dung beetles were fighting for a dung ball.
The dung is so fresh.
The duo arrived on stage.
The duo will split the $63,000 prize.
The duodenum is a section of the small intestine.
The duration of a football match is 90 minutes.
The duration of passion is proportionate with the original resistance of the woman.
The duration of the tennis match was five hours.
The dusk bathes everything in a grey light.
The dust and grit burn up when they run into Earth's atmosphere in a flurry of "shooting stars."
The dust gets into all the gaps.
The dust gets into all the nooks and crannies.
The dust rose in clouds.
The dust, torn wallpaper, and a musty odor are all signs that it has been a long time since anyone has paid any attention to the vast maze of richly decorated chambers.
The dustbin is full.
The dustbins are emptied three times a week.
The dustmen come three times a week.
The dusty footsteps of astronauts who once walked on the Moon are still there today—and they aren’t going anywhere anytime soon.
The dusty track descends to a valley.
The duty chemist is open on Sunday morning.
The duty must be discharged by every one of you.
The duty of a daughter is in obedience.
The duty of a good soldier is to serve the fatherland.
The duty of a translator isn't to present a writer from a foreign country, but to build a monument to the writer in their own language.
The duvet cover has a hidden button closure.
The dwarf stood in the door.
The dwarfs are on strike.
The dwarves are great smiths.
The dwarves are on strike.
The dwelling is packed with dear ones and relatives.
The dwindling supply led to great anxiety in the community.
The dye job on her hair looked like she was dipped in a barrel of toxic chemicals.
The dyer wears white.
The dying ask doctors to tell their loved ones they love them.
The dying man made an effort to say something, but could not.
The dyke was repaired and the seawater was pumped out.
The dynamics are all wrong.
The dynamics on this sheet music are all wrong.
The dynamite went off with a bang.
The décor is drab.
The e-mail from Alice, who must be you, got read.
The eager spectators crowded into the stadium.
The eagle became accustomed to humans.
The eagle dived at its prey.
The eagle does not catch flies.
The eagle eats the reptile.
The eagle extended its wings, ready to take flight.
The eagle flew away.
The eagle flew toward the snake.
The eagle flies freely.
The eagle flies high.
The eagle flies through the sky.
The eagle flies through the sunny valley.
The eagle grew to the size of its giant parents.
The eagle had a broken wing.
The eagle had to be fed by hand.
The eagle has written all the sentences.
The eagle is a bird of prey with a hooked beak and long, vast wings.
The eagle is a bird of prey.
The eagle is a bird.
The eagle is a carnivorous bird.
The eagle is a raptor, like the falcon and vulture.
The eagle is about to land.
The eagle is flying against the wind.
The eagle is king of birds.
The eagle is not a small bird.
The eagle is the bird that flies highest.
The eagle is the king of birds.
The eagle is the king of the air.
The eagle is the king of the skies.
The eagle is the king of the winds.
The eagle is the queen of the winds.
The eagle is white.
The eagle landed on a scraggy tree.
The eagle nests at the summit.
The eagle perched atop the cliff, scanning the valley spread out beneath it.
The eagle rose straight upward.
The eagle saw something move in the grass.
The eagle soared majestically above the snow-covered peaks.
The eagle soared through the air.
The eagle soars through the air, searching for a nesting place.
The eagle spread its wings ready for flight.
The eagle swooped on its prey.
The eagle was just above Ziri.
The eagle's home is the peak.
The eagle's talons were exposed like huge meat hooks.
The eagle, king of birds, looks on the sun. The vulture and the raven feed on carrion. The kite pursues chickens.
The eagles still haven't laid any eggs.
The eaglet broke free of its shell.
The eaglet is halfway out of its shell.
The eaglet is learning to fly.
The eaglet learns to fly.
The ear canal sends sound waves to the eardrum.
The ear has a lot of wax in it.
The ear is not very satisfied with this rhyme.
The earbuds from the 100-yen store worked better than I expected.
The eardrum is a thin, impermeable membrane.
The earl loved her deeply.
The earlier I go to bed, the earlier I get up.
The earlier I go, the more traffic I avoid, and the easier my ride to school is.
The earlier I sleep at night, the earlier I wake up in the morning.
The earlier the better.
The earlier the elections take place, the better.
The earlier you do it, the better.
The earlier you learn Berber, the more likely you will be fluent in it.
The earlier you take a morning stroll, the better it is for your soul.
The earliest I can come is around 3.
The earliest barbarian codes already represent to us societies composed of peaceful agricultural communities, not hordes of men at war with each other.
The earliest civilizations arose in Mesopotamia.
The earliest examples of Chinese palaces date back to 1200 BCE.
The earliest form of ownership is an ownership of the women by the able bodied men of the community.
The earliest known pocketknives date to at least the early Iron Age.
The earliest known record of a comet sighting was made by an astrologer of the Chinese court in 1059 B.C.
The earliest recorded Algerian state is the kingdom of Massinissa in the 2nd century BC.
The early 2000s were filled with bright optimism, but now the world feels gray and soulless.
The early bird can kiss my ass!
The early bird catches the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese!
The early bird catches the worm.
The early bird gets the worm.
The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
The early fences were designed to keep out animals, not people.
The early fig grows under the leaf.
The early lives of Harpalyce and Atalanta, the first known female warriors who were natives of Greece, resemble in some respects that of Semiramis.
The early morning hours are the most effective for me.
The early stage gum disease, gingivitis, occurs when oral bacteria forms a biofilm or plaques on teeth. This dental plaque can then harden into tartar which then must be scraped away by dentists.
The early warning system is being tested today.
The earphones I'd been using for a long time finally broke.
The earrings are very pretty.
The ears are too long.
The ears of a rabbit are longer than those of a fox.
The ears of cats are conic sections.
The earth abounds in fruit.
The earth became red with blood.
The earth came into existence about five thousand million years ago.
The earth can satisfy our needs but not our greed.
The earth centers on the sun.
The earth completes a rotation around its axis in exactly one day.
The earth covers the errors of doctors.
The earth dried out and became harder than rock.
The earth experiences four simultaneous 24-hour days in a single rotation.
The earth gave out under his feet.
The earth goes around the sun once a year.
The earth goes around the sun, and the moon goes around the earth.
The earth goes around the sun, it doesn't around the moon.
The earth goes around the sun.
The earth has its music for those who will listen.
The earth has many different people.
The earth has mountains, woods, fields, animals and people.
The earth has only one sun.
The earth hath yielded her increase.
The earth is a ball.
The earth is a beautiful planet.
The earth is a beautiful spaceship gliding through the heavens. Who left the idiots at the controls?
The earth is a lot larger than the moon.
The earth is a planet, and not a planetoid.
The earth is a planet, not a fixed star.
The earth is a planet.
The earth is a spaceship.
The earth is a sphere.
The earth is a tomb.
The earth is about six times as large as the moon.
The earth is beautiful.
The earth is blue. Like an orange.
The earth is brown. The clouds are gray. The tires are black.
The earth is covered with forests.
The earth is covered with the sky, the poor woman of god.
The earth is different from the other planets in that it has water.
The earth is far bigger than the moon.
The earth is flat.
The earth is illuminated by the sun.
The earth is just a sphere suspended in space.
The earth is like a ball with a big magnet in it.
The earth is like a big magnet.
The earth is made up of sea and land.
The earth is much larger than the moon.
The earth is not a perfect globe.
The earth is not a star, but a planet.
The earth is not only a few thousand years old.
The earth is not symmetrical about the equator.
The earth is one of the planets.
The earth is one of the sun's planets.
The earth is one of the sun’s planets.
The earth is only a few thousand years old.
The earth is overgoverned.
The earth is round like a ball.
The earth is round, not flat.
The earth is round.
The earth is seen as the Mother of creation, and a living, breathing mass that is full of secrets and wisdom.
The earth is shaped like a ball.
The earth is shaped like a sphere.
The earth is shaped like an orange.
The earth is sick.
The earth is similar to an orange in shape.
The earth is sited in an energy gradient as on a hillside, with golden nuggets tumbling continually from above.
The earth is small compared with the sun.
The earth is small in comparison with the sun.
The earth is smaller than the sun.
The earth is surrounded by sea water, but if the rain fails, people will starve.
The earth is the shape of an orange.
The earth is where we all live.
The earth isn't a flat plate.
The earth lay beneath a blanket of snow.
The earth makes one revolution around the sun in about 365 days.
The earth moves around the sun in 365 days.
The earth moves around the sun.
The earth moves at the rate of 68,130 miles an hour.
The earth orbits the sun once a year.
The earth orbits the sun.
The earth revolves around an imaginary axis.
The earth revolves on its axis once every 24 hours.
The earth revolves on its axis.
The earth rotates on its axis and it orbits the sun.
The earth rotates.
The earth suddenly began to move.
The earth travels in an orbit around the sun.
The earth under our feet trembled.
The earth was felt to tremble.
The earth was made by God.
The earth was thrown into chaos.
The earth was watered.
The earth was without form and empty waste, and darkness was upon the face of the great deep. The Spirit of God was moving over the face of the water.
The earth wobbles slightly as it rotates around its axis.
The earth's crust can also be called the lithosphere.
The earth's ecosystem is to some extent self-correcting, so it is also possible that the effects are being masked by other changes.
The earth's moon is a natural satellite.
The earth's radius is about 6,000 kilometers.
The earth, because it is not a product of labour, cannot have a value.
The earth, because of its shape, is called the terrestrial globe.
The earth, seen from above, looks like an orange.
The earthborn aren't accustomed to the lighter gravity on Mars.
The earthen pizza oven was lined with hot coals.
The earthquake brought about disaster.
The earthquake brought about the fire.
The earthquake came upon the islands.
The earthquake caused a catastrophe greater than any the country had ever known.
The earthquake caused a lot of damage.
The earthquake caused a tsunami of immense size.
The earthquake caused a tsunami.
The earthquake caused considerable damage.
The earthquake caused enormous damage.
The earthquake caused many houses to collapse.
The earthquake caused the fire.
The earthquake caused the house to rattle.
The earthquake caused various cracks in the building.
The earthquake caused widespread damage.
The earthquake created a tremendous sea wave.
The earthquake damaged many old buildings.
The earthquake damaged the clinic.
The earthquake destroyed everything.
The earthquake destroyed many buildings.
The earthquake destroyed many houses.
The earthquake had a magnitude of 6 on the Richter scale.
The earthquake had a magnitude of six on the Richter scale.
The earthquake happened at midnight.
The earthquake has completely destroyed the building.
The earthquake has destroyed the old house.
The earthquake in Haiti was a disaster.
The earthquake in Hokkaido caused extensive damage.
The earthquake in caused extensive damage.
The earthquake left the city looking like a war zone.
The earthquake leveled the town.
The earthquake occurred at dawn.
The earthquake occurred at midnight.
The earthquake of 2003 caused extensive damage in central Algeria.
The earthquake provoked a great disaster, one unlike anything that the country had experienced before.
The earthquake reduced many villages to rubble.
The earthquake shook the area.
The earthquake shook the city.
The earthquake shook the ground.
The earthquake shook the house.
The earthquake shook the houses.
The earthquake smashed everything.
The earthquake suddenly shook the buildings.
The earthquake that hit Turkey and Syria was devastating.
The earthquake triggered a powerful tsunami.
The earthquake was a terrible experience.
The earthquake was assessed as the worst in this region over the last 200 years.
The earthquake was barely perceptible.
The earthquake was considered an act of God.
The earthquake was followed by several aftershocks.
The earthquake was the biggest one that we had ever experienced.
The earthquake was the greatest disaster the country had ever experienced.
The earthquake was very severe, with a magnitude of 5.2.
The earthquake which caused the disaster occurred in 1995.
The earthquake-prone country of Japan is also an island.
The earthworm and the leech are both segmented worms.
The earthworm has no paws, claws, teeth, or snout, but nevertheless it digs galleries.
The earthworm is a gardener's best friend.
The earthworm is in the ground.
The earthworm wriggled when I touched it.
The earth’s climate is changing faster than at any other time in history.
The earth’s ecosystem is to some extent self-correcting, so it is also possible that the effects are being masked by other changes.
The earth’s moon is a natural satellite.
The earwig gave Jock a scare - he was afraid of insects.
The ease with which he answered the question surprised us.
The easement road leading to the farm was always open to the neighbors.
The easier it is for an outsider to suggest a change, the more volunteers you'll get.
The easiest language to learn is your native tongue.
The easiest solution isn't what it would first seem to be.
The easiest thing in the world is self-deceit; for every man believes what he wishes, though the reality is often different.
The easiest way to be sure you are copying the password correctly is to use cut and paste.
The easiest way to find it out is asking her.
The easiest way to find out what you want to know is to ask Tom.
The easiest way to get to the island is by ferry.
The easiest way to get to the island is by taking a ferry.
The easily believable hope stimulates life, always promising that tomorrow will be better.
The east side of Boston used to be a slum, but now the neighborhood has been gentrified.
The east side of this town is all forest.
The east was brightened by the rising sun.
The eastern bluebird is the state bird of Missouri and New York.
The eastern shore of the lake is steep and pebbly.
The eastern side of the neighborhood includes a light-industry and commercial businesses.
The eastern sky above the firs was flushed faintly pink from the reflection of the west.
The eastern sky was getting light.
The easy and practical "wine cork" is used to "reseal" a wine bottle by sucking out air from the bottle and creating a vacuum.
The easy thing to do would be to give up.
The easy thing would be to give up.
The eating of delicious food is one of the most intense and poignant pleasures of life.
The eaves are dripping.
The eccentric Vatican cleric specializes in demonic possessions.
The echo gave Paul chills for some reason.
The echo of the American Civil War still resonates in the United States, and especially in a small Pennsylvania town where one of the war’s most significant battles took place. Each year people descend on Gettysburg to remember and reenact that turbulent in time in American history.
The eclipse happened on Friday night.
The eclipse lasted for seven minutes.
The eclipse type that occurs when the Moon is at its farthest distance from the Earth is an annular eclipse. The Moon then appears too small to completely block out the disk of the Sun.
The ecological footprint of a country is closely related to its level of economic development.
The ecological situation here is quite poor.
The ecologist warned us that petroleum was not merely a blessing but also a curse.
The economic advisor for the American White House, Larry Kudlow, clarified on Thursday that potential trade negotiations between both countries were going somewhere.
The economic anarchy of capitalist society as it exists today is, in my opinion, the real source of the evil.
The economic crisis has been going on for two years.
The economic crisis is forcing countless Moroccans to leave in search of a better life.
The economic development of Algeria will be an arduous ascent.
The economic factors should also be considered.
The economic loss caused by the natural disasters in this country this year is incalculable.
The economic minister gives a monthly report.
The economic minister gives a weekly report.
The economic minister gives a yearly report.
The economic scenario doesn't look good for Algeria.
The economic situation grew worse.
The economic situation hasn't really improved in Algeria.
The economic situation in Algeria isn't really improving.
The economic situation is very bleak.
The economic situation isn't good right now.
The economic situation isn’t good right now.
The economic situation of the EU will worsen in the coming months.
The economic situation of the country worsened.
The economic strength of a country lies not alone in its ability to produce, but also in its capacity to consume.
The economic strength of the USA is not what it was.
The economic, cultural and political situation is disappointing.
The economical lamp of Philips needs just 18 watts to produce the same amount of light as a regular 75 watt light bulb.
The economies were hit hard by energy price increases.
The economist and statistician based in Ivory Coast says commercial trade in the region is primarily conducted with France.
The economist anticipated a prolonged depression.
The economist instinctively anticipated the current depression.
The economist is not laconic.
The economists were wrong.
The economy always needs more people who don't just know a lot, but are capable of creative action.
The economy began deflating in 2017, with the consumer price index falling 0.8%.
The economy continues to grow.
The economy contracted in the last quarter.
The economy grew by 2.0% in 2016 and 2.1% in 2017.
The economy grew four-tenths of a percent in the quarter, reversing the slightly negative growth rate seen in the previous quarter. This is the largest such increase since the second quarter of 2002, and follows encouraging economic figures issued this week from the euro zone's three largest economies: Germany, France and Italy.
The economy has entered a recession.
The economy has to be restructured.
The economy improved from poor to very good.
The economy is at peak of a business cycle at present.
The economy is bad.
The economy is based on fishing, tourism and agriculture.
The economy is deeply connected to politics.
The economy is expanding after a period of decline.
The economy is getting better.
The economy is going down the tubes.
The economy is good.
The economy is growing fast.
The economy is improving.
The economy is in a slight depression.
The economy is in bad shape.
The economy is in crisis; consumption has actually fallen.
The economy is in dire need of a jump-start.
The economy is in dire need of a jumpstart.
The economy is in free fall.
The economy is in good shape.
The economy is in recession.
The economy is in turmoil once again.
The economy is picking up.
The economy is rigged, and it's time to recognize that.
The economy of Algeria is headed in that direction.
The economy of Algeria is something worth exploring.
The economy of Algeria is still smaller in GDP terms than the economy of Turkey.
The economy of Aomori Prefecture depends heavily on apple growing.
The economy of Bangladesh is based on agriculture, manufacturing, and services.
The economy of Bangladesh is mainly based on agriculture and the garment industry.
The economy of Bangladesh is primarily driven by agriculture, garment manufacturing, and remittances.
The economy of Japan has grown enormously.
The economy of Japan is still stable.
The economy of Tunisia is surpassed by Algeria.
The economy of our country is in a depressing state.
The economy of that island depends on fishing.
The economy of the colonies, despite the widely advertised "civilizing activity" of the imperialists, is at the level of the most backward agriculture and cattle breeding.
The economy of the country kept growing for years.
The economy of the island is dependent on the fishing industry.
The economy progressed slowly.
The economy recorded a negative growth.
The economy relies on manufacturing and exports, driven largely by foreign investment.
The economy seems very volatile at the moment.
The economy shows a tendency towards improvement.
The economy steadily worsened.
The economy still hasn't completely recovered from the financial crisis.
The economy was in a pathetic state.
The economy was in a pitiful state.
The economy was in miserable condition.
The economy will deteriorate but it will recover, what we won't recover are those 1000 Argentinians that have left us.
The ecosystem consists primarily of low trees and bushes that are built to resist harsh climate conditions.
The edge has dulled.
The edge of my table is pretty sharp.
The edge of that teacup is chipped.
The edge of this knife is sharp and cuts well.
The edges of shadows can be sharp or soft.
The edges of the lid of a can become sharp when you open one with a can opener, so be careful not to cut yourself.
The edibles just kicked in.
The editor and publisher is my cousin.
The editor and publisher of this magazine was criticized by some readers.
The editor and the bookkeeper were fired for having sex in the office.
The editor and the publisher are both my cousins.
The editor and the publisher were present at the party.
The editor can open and save many types of files.
The editor glanced over the manuscript.
The editor is available for different systems.
The editor is on vacation.
The editor often omits those little details that make the author's points logically sound.
The editor often omits those little details that make the author’s points logically sound.
The editorial board reviewed the submitted articles.
The editorial office is located underground.
The editors of the encyclopedia had to process forty tons of source material.
The editors of this magazine run a correctional facility.
The education by the parents of their children is sometimes very difficult.
The education in Algeria leaves much to be desired.
The education in that institute is simply pathetic.
The education is the birthright of every child.
The education system in Algeria is pretty awful.
The education system is in a period of transition.
The education system is turning students into robots.
The education system needs to be more flexible.
The education that we give makes the boys a little less clownish in their manners, and more intelligent when spoken to by strangers.
The educational innovations of the next half-century are being shaped right now.
The educational program is conducted under the aegis of the government.
The educational system causes stress for children.
The educational system doesn't produce happy people but human resources.
The educational system in Japan was influenced by that in the USA.
The educational system is in transition.
The educational system is now under review.
The educational system must be built on a bedrock of quality teaching.
The eel I caught last week is still alive.
The eelgrass population is down 50 percent in places the crabs have moved into and some sites have suffered total collapse.
The eerie silence struck terror into their hearts.
The effect is the same.
The effect it had on me is indescribable.
The effect of gravity extends from each object out into space in all directions, and for an infinite distance.
The effect of the Web and our portable devices is that we see too much imagery. Some people no longer use their "mind's eye."
The effect of the drug had worn off.
The effect of the medicine was amazing.
The effect of this drug was immediate.
The effect was immediate.
The effect was magical.
The effect was quite different from what was intended.
The effect, which the various recollections connected with a scene so terrific made upon a mind which was susceptible in an extreme degree, was more permanent than the injury which her nerves had sustained.
The effective application of antiseptics is an important matter in the prevention of hospital infections.
The effectiveness of this method was confirmed by many people's experiences.
The effectiveness of this method was confirmed by the experiences of many people.
The effects are irreversible.
The effects are not reversible.
The effects are reversible.
The effects have impacted most on poorer families.
The effects may be less dramatic in the short term than the destruction that could be wrought by nuclear explosions, but over the next three to four decades, climate change could cause irremediable harm to the habitats upon which human societies depend for survival.
The effects of climate change affect everyone.
The effects of climate change are far less pronounced in Antarctica than in the northern polar regions.
The effects of forces applied at different points and in different directions can be obtained by summation, and the effect of continuously distributed forces can be obtained by integration.
The effects of harsh words can linger longer than injuries from weapons.
The effects of the atmosphere and ocean on the environment are very important.
The effects of the drug are intense but brief.
The effects of the drug are starting to wear off.
The effects of the illness were not serious.
The effects of the medicine were wearing off.
The effects of the sting are, however, very extraordinary; in severe cases it appears to paralyse all the muscles of the body, sometimes with much pain, in others with little or none.
The effects of this change don't affect you.
The effects of those policies can still be felt today.
The effects were widespread, causing unseasonable weather, crop failures, and famine throughout the world.
The effort paid off.
The effort shows.
The effort to remake Trump's image after the fact is continuously being undermined by the man himself, who has never changed and never will.
The effort will rely on thousands of volunteers — normal people with no subject matter expertise — to scour satellite images looking for things like livestock herds, temporary dwellings and permanent dwellings.
The efforts brought about no effect.
The efforts to forcibly introduce the values of the so-called civilized world are excessive.
The effusion rate of lava during a volcanic eruption is of fundamental importance in volcanology, given its direct association with hazards.
The egg fell from the table and, obviously, broke.
The egg hatched.
The egg is a symbol of fertility and can be considered the primordial seed, the first embryo that emerged from the chaos to generate everything that exists.
The egg is a symbol of fertility.
The egg is a universal symbol of life and rebirth.
The egg is an indispensable ingredient in many recipes.
The egg is covered with shell, under which is the white and within this the egg yolk.
The egg is cracked.
The egg is hard.
The egg started to change shape.
The egg that slipped from my hand broke, and both the shell and yolk splattered everywhere. It was a pitiful sight.
The egg won't cook in warm water.
The eggplant is a vegetable.
The eggplant is bitter.
The eggplant was delicious.
The eggplant was excellent.
The eggplant was great.
The eggplants looked so beautiful that I couldn't help but buy one.
The eggs I ate this morning both had two yolks.
The eggs I left at home hatched.
The eggs are broken.
The eggs are cracked.
The eggs are expected to hatch soon.
The eggs are in the basket.
The eggs are incubated by the female for 20 days.
The eggs are incubating under the mother bird.
The eggs are ready to hatch.
The eggs are runny.
The eggs are sold in dozens.
The eggs are starting to hatch.
The eggs are still hot.
The eggs differ from those of the Blackcap and Garden Warbler in being white, spotted, chiefly at the larger end, with ash-grey.
The eggs in the nest in our attic must have hatched. I've been hearing birds tweeting all day today.
The eggs in the nest in our attic must've hatched. I've been hearing birds tweeting all day today.
The eggs in this case are fresher than those in the other case.
The eggs were bought in the supermarket.
The eggs were graded according to weight and size.
The ego seeks to divide and separate. Spirit seeks to unify and heal.
The egret is catching fish.
The eight family members who had supplied Newport with up to 2.5 million pounds worth of drugs have been imprisoned.
The eight high school girls on the U.S. team, representing eastern- and western-region schools, were chosen from among the top competitors at the most recent USA Mathematical Olympiad. Three coaches, also with math Olympiad experience, will be traveling with them and helping them with their training.
The eight o'clock bus was early today.
The eight o’clock bus was early today.
The eighth big band is the best.
The eighth men's T20 world cup is being played in Australia.
The eighth month of the year is July, isn't it?
The eighth most frequent letter in Esperanto is R.
The eighth of August is Beard Day in Japan.
The eighth one is missing.
The elation at having successfully escaped was short-lived: Tom woke up in the beam of a policeman's torch.
The elbow is a joint that connects the forearm and the upper arm.
The elbow is the joint between the arm and forearm.
The elbow is the joint between the upper arm and the lower arm.
The elder brother was living in a village and had grown neither rich nor poor.
The elder gods are waking up.
The elder one suicided within a decade, and the younger dragged the weary chain of life until he was sixty; then death released him.
The elder passed away recently.
The elder sons are now quite independent of their father.
The elderly Native American lit his pipe.
The elderly are hardest hit by COVID-19.
The elderly couple died peacefully.
The elderly couple drive a brand new sedan.
The elderly enjoy the company of the young.
The elderly have many stories to tell.
The elderly home has been full recently.
The elderly lady is busy in the garden.
The elderly man died in their room.
The elderly man died last week.
The elderly man had difficulty passing water.
The elderly man takes strong drugs for his heart.
The elderly man was almost run over by a car.
The elderly must be respected.
The elderly need something to live for.
The elderly people are ready to sacrifice for their grandchildren, if they have to.
The elderly person died in her room.
The elderly person died in his room.
The elderly should be well provided for.
The elderly woman died in their room.
The elderly woman does not have a steady hand.
The elderly woman in front of me in the checkout line took forever to pay for her groceries.
The elderly woman laboriously climbed the stairs.
The elderly woman persists in not eating meat.
The elderly woman was frail but feisty.
The elderly woman, her head covered with a black veil, lit a candle before the statue of the Virgin Mary.
The elderly women can identify with her life experience.
The elders are full of amusing anecdotes.
The elders decided to expel him from the village.
The elders of the village organize the social life of the village.
The elders say: a guest for a day is welcome; a guest for two days is a burden; one who stays for longer than that must be made to understand that he is an imposition.
The elders say: the guest of a day is welcome; the one of two days weighs; he who insinuates more than that, do make him understand that.
The eldest daughter asked to have a necklace; and the second daughter wished to have a gold chain; but the youngest daughter said, "Bring back yourself, Papa, and that is what I want the most."
The eldest daughter suddenly screamed "I want candy."
The eldest is 10, and the other's 6.
The eldest of the three boys is Tom.
The eldest princess had now reached her fifteenth birthday, and was to venture above the water.
The eldest sister acted for the mother.
The eldest son succeeded to all the property.
The elected members of a party will often meet in a private caucus to agree on a unified response to proposed government legislation.
The election campaign of 1880 was not exciting.
The election campaign started.
The election day is coming.
The election for the President of the Republic will take place soon.
The election gave the party a role in the government.
The election in the U.S. was an anti-establishment election.
The election is on Monday.
The election is over.
The election is this Sunday.
The election may recast how Japan views itself and its relations with the international community.
The election of the village headman had been postponed.
The election resulted in a hung parliament.
The election results depress me.
The election results have not yet become known.
The election results were extremely close.
The election took place four days later.
The election was awash with misinformation spread on Facebook.
The election was fixed.
The election was heavily rigged.
The election was in November.
The election was rigged.
The election was unanimous.
The election was very close.
The election will revolve around education.
The election's main topic will be education.
The elections are on Saturday.
The elections are on Sunday.
The elections for the European parliament were held today.
The elections head to a run-off.
The elections this weekend will in some way have an impact on what will be the 2000 elections.
The elections were rigged.
The electoral law needs to be changed.
The electorate is largely uninterested in the lackluster candidates.
The electorate will decide who becomes the next president.
The electric bill keeps going up.
The electric car suddenly ran out of energy.
The electric chair was in the basement.
The electric light went out.
The electric lights dazzled her eyes.
The electric things have their life too. Paltry as those lives are.
The electric trains have taken the place of airplanes.
The electric wires were sandwiched between two pieces of non-conductive material.
The electrical appliance must have been damaged in transit.
The electrical cord is missing.
The electrical posts malfunctioned.
The electrical tester is not beeping. This means there is no power to the wire and it's safe to work on it.
The electrician immediately found the solution.
The electrician was nowhere in sight.
The electrician will come and fix the cable next week.
The electricity came on again in a few minutes.
The electricity cost is proportional to the total resistance of the circuit.
The electricity failed during the storm.
The electricity failed during the typhoon.
The electricity got turned off because Tom forgot to pay the electricity bill.
The electricity had been cut.
The electricity had been switched off.
The electricity had been turned off.
The electricity has been cut since this morning.
The electricity has been off since this morning.
The electricity is back.
The electricity is off at the moment.
The electricity is off.
The electricity is out.
The electricity of our house was cut off.
The electricity was off for several hours after the storm.
The electricity was turned off.
The electricity went out, but it's back on now.
The electricity went out, but it’s back on now.
The electricity went out.
The electricity's going up.
The electricity's not working.
The electrochemical performance is comparable to commercial batteries in terms of charge and discharge rate, cycle life and energy densities.
The electrode melted and mixed with the steel.
The electrolyte solution in a lithium-ion battery is designed to produce a flow of electrical charges between the cathode and anode.
The electromagnetic spectrum is the range of energy waves of various wavelengths—from the very short gamma and X-rays, through longer ultraviolet, visible, and infrared light, to microwaves and very long radio waves.
The electromagnetic spectrum is the range of traveling waves of energy that run from very short gamma and X-rays through ultraviolet light, visible light, microwaves, and out to long radio waves.
The electron is an elementary particle.
The electron shell is full.
The electronic device that amplifies the electric signal is called amplifier.
The electronics in my bedroom go off all night and don't let me sleep.
The electrons are friends with the neutrons and protons.
The elegance and grace reflected in Caifeng's Asian features are absolutely breathtaking.
The elegant dance hall's polished stone floor has the mirror-like appearance of a body of calm, clear water.
The elegant flowers in Mark's centerpiece added a touch of sophistication to the room.
The elegant pleasaunces fitted the pleasure-seeking days.
The element I'm referring to is curium.
The element Indium is a key component in the transparent, electrically conductive coatings used in many electronic displays.
The element antimony is mainly used in flame retardants.
The element phosphorus is present in our DNA.
The elemental force destroys everything in its path.
The elements are four: fire, water, air and earth.
The elements destroy everything in their path.
The elements raged for a very long time.
The elephant approached Ziri's car.
The elephant ate some bananas.
The elephant broke our fence.
The elephant crushes the lion.
The elephant doesn't even have its tusks yet.
The elephant draws his food to himself with a trunk. It has two teeth, standing out, and is also able to carry thirty men.
The elephant drinks water.
The elephant dung was swarming with flies.
The elephant dung was teeming with dung beetles.
The elephant has a huge trunk.
The elephant has a short tail.
The elephant is a herd animal.
The elephant is a large animal.
The elephant is a massive mammal.
The elephant is a powerful animal.
The elephant is a very caring mother for its children.
The elephant is a very large animal.
The elephant is a wise animal.
The elephant is an enormous creature.
The elephant is big and strong.
The elephant is big.
The elephant is bigger than all the other animals.
The elephant is bigger than the lion.
The elephant is bored: bring him a companion.
The elephant is clever.
The elephant is extinct in North Africa.
The elephant is gray.
The elephant is grey and the lion is tawny colored.
The elephant is grey.
The elephant is liked by little children.
The elephant is the bulkiest of all four-legged animals.
The elephant is the largest land animal.
The elephant is the largest land mammal.
The elephant is the strongest animal.
The elephant is trumpeting.
The elephant lifted up a heavy tree trunk.
The elephant trumpeted at Adriano at the zoo.
The elephant trumpeted loudly, and a little bird twittered elegantly in reply.
The elephant trumpets.
The elephant walks on as the dogs bark.
The elephant walks on even as the dogs keep barking.
The elephant was alone and fainthearted.
The elephant was born in captivity.
The elephant was brought to the zoo.
The elephant was flapping its ears.
The elephant was killed by the hunter.
The elephant was looking for a muddy patch.
The elephant was shot.
The elephant was throwing its trunk around.
The elephant won't move an inch.
The elephant won’t move an inch.
The elephant's meal is enough to feed lakhs of ants.
The elephant's meal is enough to feed thousands of ants.
The elephant's skin is grey.
The elephant's skin is very tough.
The elephant's trunk has several functions, including breathing, olfaction, touching, grasping, and sound production. The animal's sense of smell is about four times more sensitive than that of a bloodhound.
The elephant's trunk is so prehensile that it can pick up a coin from the ground.
The elephants are drinking water.
The elephants are the chief attraction at the circus.
The elephants are the main attraction of the circus.
The elephants crossed the river together.
The elevated sea levels could eventually put vast stretches of Florida under water.
The elevator arrived.
The elevator became operational.
The elevator bell dinged and the doors opened.
The elevator broke because too many people got in at the same time.
The elevator broke because too many people rode it at the same time.
The elevator cable snapped.
The elevator came to an abrupt halt.
The elevator didn’t work.
The elevator doesn't go up to the roof.
The elevator doesn't work anymore since yesterday.
The elevator doesn't work today because it's out of order.
The elevator door opened.
The elevator doors closed.
The elevator doors made a strange sound.
The elevator doors make a strange sound.
The elevator doors opened directly to John's penthouse.
The elevator doors opened on the wrong floor.
The elevator doors opened slowly.
The elevator doors opened, and Tom walked out.
The elevator doors opened, and we got off.
The elevator doors sound weird.
The elevator doors wouldn't open.
The elevator goes up and down the shaft.
The elevator has green walls.
The elevator has stopped working again.
The elevator in our building has self-closing doors.
The elevator is broken again.
The elevator is broken. You need to walk 7 floors up to the rooftop terrace.
The elevator is coming down.
The elevator is coming up.
The elevator is descending.
The elevator is going down.
The elevator is moving up and down.
The elevator is now useless.
The elevator is on its way down.
The elevator is on its way up.
The elevator is out of order today.
The elevator is out of order.
The elevator is over there.
The elevator is stuck between floors.
The elevator isn't running.
The elevator isn't working today.
The elevator isn't working.
The elevator malfunctioned.
The elevator opened and Tom got out.
The elevator seems to be out of order.
The elevator shaft goes all the way to the basement.
The elevator shaft reaches down to the basement.
The elevator started moving.
The elevator started working.
The elevator stopped on the second floor.
The elevator was moving up very slowly.
The elevator was not working and we had to walk up to the fifth floor.
The elevator was not working.
The elevator was out of order and we had to walk to the fifth floor.
The elevator wasn't working.
The elevator went down.
The elevator won't move.
The elevator's emergency brake doesn't work.
The elevator's out again.
The elevator's out of order, so we'll have to take the stairs. At least it's only two floors!
The elevators are found at the rear of the plane. They can be raised or lowered to change the direction of the plane's nose.
The elevators aren't working.
The elevators in a skyscraper are vital systems.
The elevators in our building are being replaced.
The elevators in this building are often out of order.
The elevators which are on the tail section are used to control the pitch of the plane.
The elf king stared us down.
The elf put a hat on to cover his ears.
The elite goat shock troops have captured West Virginia.
The elite has effectively killed any attempt to respond to the pandemic.
The elite know what they are doing when they deprive workers of sunlight.
The elite want a world war again.
The elites are retarded psychopaths.
The ellipses are the marks of words that have disappeared on the tip of their toes.
The ellipsis are the tiptoe marks of the words gone.
The elliptical is a very powerful tool for developing cardio fitness. Unfortunately, few people know how to actually use it.
The eloquent campaigner was elected hands down.
The eloquent scholar readily participated in the debate.
The elves are dying out.
The elves were driven underground.
The elves' secret underground home is accessible through a hole in a tree.
The email address you entered is already in use.
The email editor incorrectly autocorrected the word "Nadya" to "Nadia".
The email is not registered, or the password does not match.
The email kind of reeked of desperation.
The email that I got from Tom says that he'll arrive on Monday.
The email that I sent previously was probably not clear. You don't need to submit anything.
The email that I sent previously was probably not clear. You don’t need to submit anything.
The emancipation of the working class is the work of the working class itself.
The embassies of all the foreign countries are in Paris.
The embassy building is surrounded by high fences.
The embassy denied political asylum to foreign refugees.
The embassy denies asylum to political refugees.
The embassy does not grant asylum to political refugees.
The embassy is located next to the Supreme Court.
The embassy sent me a book about Germany.
The embassy was abandoned as well.
The embassy's eighteenth century Italian art collection hangs in rooms that have very modern furniture and design.
The embers are still glowing.
The embers of Ziri's fire still glowed.
The embezzlers have been apprehended.
The embryos and fetuses of all mammals look quite similar.
The emerald ash borer has killed more than a hundred million ash trees across North America.
The emergence of stereotypes and TV are closely related.
The emergence of the Omicron variant has caused financial markets to swoon and national leaders to order or threaten fresh pandemic measures aimed at preventing the strain’s spread.
The emergency bell went off.
The emergency call "Mayday" comes from the French sentence, "Venez m'aider."
The emergency exit is over there.
The emergency phone number for all Europe is 112.
The emergency room is at the other end of the clinic.
The emergency's not over yet.
The emerging labor shortage is viewed as a sign of economic overheating.
The emigrants have endured physical and mental pain.
The eminent author received the Nobel Prize for literature.
The emissions that we are causing today will still be in the atmosphere-ocean system thousands of years from now.
The emotion I was feeling at that moment I wouldn't have been able to describe even having a vocabulary in my hands.
The emotion they gave me was exquisite, but I could not preserve it, nor could I indefinitely repeat it; the most beautiful things in the world finished by boring me.
The emotional price is too great.
The emotional qualities are antagonistic to clear reasoning.
The emperor Theodosius made Christianity the state religion and banned other religions.
The emperor cackled maniacally.
The emperor doesn't have any clothes on.
The emperor has no clothes.
The emperor has promised to crush the separatists once and for all.
The emperor is expected to remain in the hospital for a one month recuperation.
The emperor moth has huge antennae.
The emperor passed away in January of 1989. Therefore, the name of the era changed from Showa to Heisei.
The emperor returned home in triumph.
The emperor swore to crush the separatists once and for all.
The emperor wants to abdicate.
The emperor was not impressed.
The emphasis of his talk was on the need to work hard.
The emphasis of the language course is on conversation.
The emphasis on physical strength and dominance can fuel aggression and violence, affecting interpersonal relationships.
The empire absorbed all the small states.
The empire collapsed and an internecine war broke out.
The empire expanded eastward, in search of resources for its burgeoning textile industry.
The empire fell apart.
The empire fell as a result of the expansionist tendencies of its neighbors.
The empire still included the islands of Cyprus, Crete, Rhodes, Malta, and Sicily.
The empire strikes back.
The empire subjugated the neighboring peoples.
The empire was dismantled.
The empire will collapse.
The empire will fall.
The empire will not last.
The empires are at war in Ukraine.
The empires of the future are the empires of the mind.
The empirical data from this experiment seems in line with the theoretical hypotheses.
The employee and his colleagues were video conferencing on what to do about the challenge.
The employee asked for the all the members rise in pay.
The employee did not follow the procedure.
The employee followed the procedure.
The employee stole money from the cash register.
The employee was a lost cause, and was fired after some time.
The employee was escorted off the premises.
The employee's employment contract has ended.
The employee's voluntary resignation obviated the necessity of firing him.
The employees also share the same idea.
The employees are all unionized.
The employees are overworked.
The employees are paid biweekly.
The employees are protesting against job cuts.
The employees are protesting against the job cuts.
The employees are rude and unhelpful.
The employees aren't allowed to take overtime.
The employees at Carlos's company were like family to him.
The employees at that company don't actually work, they just phone it in.
The employees can't help but feel demoralized after their CEO revoked their work from home privileges during the COVID-19 pandemic.
The employees demurred at working overtime.
The employees had to work overtime in order to produce enough cars.
The employees keep walking into glass doors.
The employees need to cooperate to lower expenses.
The employees need to keep their hair short.
The employees of Air France were on strike last summer.
The employees share the burden of toil.
The employees sing the company song every morning.
The employees threatened to go on strike.
The employees treat everything the company president says as a golden rule.
The employees voted on the manager's proposal.
The employees voted on the manager’s proposal.
The employees want to form a union.
The employees were intrigued by the odd behavior of their boss.
The employees who spent all weekend working on the problem should be rewarded.
The employees work at the office.
The employees work eight hours a day.
The employees would soon be given the ax by the company.
The employees' interests are bound up with those of the corporation.
The employees’ interests are bound up with those of the corporation.
The employer imposed a heavy task on them.
The employer made a new offer to the workers.
The employer must provide a safe working environment.
The employer terminated the employee's employment contract.
The employer was quite taken by her charm.
The employers can't replace the striking workers.
The employment policy is a failure.
The empress decided to stay out of the power struggle going on. She knew that her position was secure, no matter who won.
The empress is visiting Australia.
The empress was not impressed.
The emptiness inside me is overwhelming.
The empty chair at the dinner table was a constant reminder of his absence.
The empty house was full of dust.
The empty intersections adjacent to a stone are its degrees of freedom (at least 1, at most 4). A stone that has no degree of freedom cannot remain on the board.
The empty intersections that your groups peacefully surround and control are much more important than the stones you capture.
The empty room had a lamp on.
The empty set contains nothing.
The enchanted forest was home to talking animals and magical creatures.
The enchantress clutched Rapunzel's beautiful tresses, wrapped them twice round her left hand, seized a pair of scissors with the right, and snip, snap, they were cut off, and the lovely braids lay on the ground.
The enclave has become a quagmire.
The enclosure is big.
The enclosure is completely built.
The enclosure is wonderful.
The encounter ignited a flame that propelled her to reinvent herself.
The encounter left me with many thoughts to ponder.
The end came suddenly.
The end cannot justify the means, for the simple and obvious reason that the means employed determine the nature of the ends produced.
The end crowns the work.
The end does not always justify the means.
The end does not necessarily justify the means.
The end doesn't justify the means.
The end goal seems toxic to my being.
The end is clear.
The end is coming, whether you like it or not.
The end is coming.
The end is drawing near.
The end is in sight.
The end is near.
The end is nigh!
The end is nigh.
The end is the beginning of the impossible.
The end justifies the means.
The end of August is getting closer.
The end of containment will be a relief for the whole world.
The end of money is the end of love.
The end of my probation period is nearing.
The end of our trouble is in sight.
The end of something is not necessarily the "butt"; it could be the "tail" or the "feet."
The end of the American empire is nigh.
The end of the age of oil is in sight.
The end of the book was nonsensical.
The end of the era of petroleum is in sight.
The end of the rainy season came late this year.
The end of the semester will come soon.
The end of the sentence is missing a full stop.
The end of the sentence is missing a question mark.
The end of the summer is here.
The end of the task is not yet in mind.
The end of the war in Europe was now in sight.
The end of the world is close.
The end of the world is coming.
The end of the world is nearing.
The end of the world is very close!
The end of the world is very near!
The end of the world will have to wait.
The end of the world won't happen in 2012.
The end of the year is in December.
The end of this dictatorship deserves a toast.
The end of which there were two little sketches of rhetoric and logic, the latter finishing with a specimen of a dispute in the Socratic method.
The end point of this journey lies in Austria.
The end product is worth ten times as much as the materials used.
The end product is worth ten times the value of the materials used.
The end result is always the same.
The end result is depicted in the picture.
The end result is the same.
The end result was disappointing.
The end was near.
The end was nigh.
The end was only hours away.
The end, so long good bye!
The end.
The endemic corruption among the country's elite has led to widespread discontent with its political system.
The ending is much more interesting.
The ending leaves it ambiguous.
The ending of this sentence is Tom.
The ending song starts playing some seconds before the anime ends. The song is called: Don't look behind.
The ending wasn't a surprise.
The endless cycle of revenge can only be broken by forgiveness.
The endoplasmic reticulum is hard to draw.
The enemies are growing like mushrooms after rain.
The enemies are still laughing at them.
The enemies destroyed the plant by bombing.
The enemies made an attack at night.
The enemies of Algeria want Algerians to kill each other.
The enemies of Algeria want the country to become a blank slate upon which they can write whatever they choose.
The enemies of Algeria want these protests to end in a bloody civil war.
The enemies of Algeria want to annihilate this country from existence.
The enemies of Berber unity are our enemies.
The enemies of Islam are just waiting to jump on that.
The enemies of my enemies are my friends.
The enemies of the Berber language are our enemies.
The enemies stood face to face.
The enemies will gloat when we fall, you fool!
The enemies' armies were defeated.
The enemy answered our fire.
The enemy approaches the town.
The enemy attack ceased at dawn.
The enemy attack ended at dawn.
The enemy attacked at dawn.
The enemy attacked at night.
The enemy attacked from behind.
The enemy attacked from the rear.
The enemy attacked furiously.
The enemy attacked me at night.
The enemy attacked our left flank.
The enemy attacked the town.
The enemy attacked us at night.
The enemy attacked us.
The enemy became weaker.
The enemy behind us presently exists solely to cut off our retreat.
The enemy blew up the bridge.
The enemy came from behind.
The enemy can't close in on us so they can't do anything.
The enemy can't get close.
The enemy cannot approach on foot.
The enemy can’t close in on us so they can’t do anything.
The enemy can’t get close.
The enemy cavalry crossed the river by an unknown ford.
The enemy ceased firing.
The enemy committed a horrible slaughter in the city.
The enemy continued its assault throughout the day.
The enemy defense was broken.
The enemy destroyed many of our ships.
The enemy did not yield to us.
The enemy draws near.
The enemy dropped bombs on the factory.
The enemy dropped many bombs on the factory.
The enemy entered the artillery range.
The enemy established a pupper state in Dogestan.
The enemy finally gave in.
The enemy fired a volley of shots at us.
The enemy fled in disorder from the battlefield.
The enemy flung fresh troops into the battle.
The enemy gave in without further resistance.
The enemy had in all, probably, two hundred pieces of artillery, a large portion of which were posted on the high ground north of the river.
The enemy had triple our numbers.
The enemy has attacked us.
The enemy has broken through the castle gate.
The enemy has come to our country.
The enemy has demanded our surrender.
The enemy has penetrated our defences.
The enemy is advancing in our direction.
The enemy is approaching rapidly.
The enemy is becoming more and more powerful.
The enemy is caught like a mouse in a trap.
The enemy is cruel and merciless.
The enemy is demoralized.
The enemy is eavesdropping!
The enemy is just a stone's throw away.
The enemy is raising his head.
The enemy is stupid: they think we're the enemy, when they are!
The enemy is the gramophone mind, whether or not one agrees with the record that is being played at the moment.
The enemy is trying to establish a puppet garrison state in the territory they occupied.
The enemy is very near.
The enemy is weak.
The enemy is weakened!
The enemy just kept coming.
The enemy kept up the attack all night.
The enemy kept up their attack all day.
The enemy launched an attack on us.
The enemy lured us into a trap.
The enemy made a strong attack on that building.
The enemy mage cast a debuff on Tom.
The enemy may attack soon.
The enemy must be defeated.
The enemy never sleeps.
The enemy occupied the city.
The enemy occupied the fort.
The enemy of "good" is "better".
The enemy of an enemy is a friend.
The enemy of mankind is mankind.
The enemy of my enemy is my friend.
The enemy of the conventional wisdom is not ideas but the march of events.
The enemy of true freedom is an excessive call for security.
The enemy of your enemy isn't always your friend.
The enemy opened fire on us.
The enemy ran after our first attack.
The enemy said: I will pursue and overtake, I will divide the spoils, my soul shall have its fill: I will draw my sword, my hand shall slay them.
The enemy somehow got word of the stratagem.
The enemy suffered many casualties.
The enemy suffered staggering casualties.
The enemy took us by surprise.
The enemy torpedoed our ship.
The enemy troops are closing in on us.
The enemy troops began their attack.
The enemy troops began to attack.
The enemy troops closed in on the city.
The enemy troops launched an attack.
The enemy troops started to attack.
The enemy troops were forced back.
The enemy wanted to discuss a truce with us.
The enemy warships bombed our warehouses in the harbour.
The enemy was armed to the teeth.
The enemy was defeated.
The enemy was entrenched all around the capital.
The enemy was wiped out.
The enemy were driven out of the land.
The enemy will go down.
The enemy won't get close.
The enemy won’t get close.
The enemy's attack ceased at dawn.
The enemy's defenses have been annihilated.
The enemy's defenses have been completely annihilated.
The enemy's forces outnumber us ten to one.
The enemy's plane suddenly turned toward us.
The enemy's rout gave us a decisive victory.
The enemy's superior forces have encircled our army.
The enemy’s attack ceased at dawn.
The enemy’s plane suddenly turned toward us.
The energy consumed in a datapath is dependent on the number, types, and sequence of instructions executed.
The energy crisis buffeting the continent has placed Johnson and other European leaders in the difficult position of decrying fossil fuels while urgently prioritizing affordable access to them to avoid a political backlash by voters and businesses furious at the spiking costs of heating homes and running factories.
The energy expended in a fight should be saved.
The energy in the room is contagious.
The energy of his lines and the rawness of his strokes place him firmly in the modern art canon.
The engagement is often followed by a public announcement of marriage.
The engagement of Mr Rogers and Miss Smith was announced yesterday.
The engine came back to life.
The engine cut out.
The engine didn't start because it needed a new spark plug.
The engine died.
The engine doesn't function properly.
The engine doesn't work.
The engine doesn’t work.
The engine gave out.
The engine has broken down again.
The engine has given us no trouble as yet.
The engine has stopped.
The engine has to warm up first.
The engine hummed smoothly as the car accelerated.
The engine is driven by steam.
The engine is itself very good.
The engine is making a funny noise.
The engine is making a strange noise.
The engine is making strange noises.
The engine is noisy.
The engine is overheating.
The engine is purring.
The engine is running at full power.
The engine is running.
The engine is still on.
The engine is working normally.
The engine makes a strange noise.
The engine needs a total overhaul.
The engine needs to be hand-cranked to start.
The engine needs to warm up first.
The engine never stopped.
The engine of my car has been chugging lately.
The engine overheated.
The engine purrs like a kitten.
The engine room hatch was also found to be open.
The engine runs as smooth as butter.
The engine runs smoothly.
The engine stalled.
The engine started again.
The engine started to sputter.
The engine started up.
The engine stopped while it was idling.
The engine was deafeningly loud.
The engine was running.
The engine was seized and the lug nuts were frozen on all four wheels.
The engine will not pull.
The engine will not work without fuel.
The engine will stop when you push the button.
The engine won't start.
The engine works pretty well.
The engine works well.
The engine would not start.
The engine wouldn't even start.
The engine wouldn't start.
The engine wouldn’t start.
The engine's flooded.
The engine's got to warm up first.
The engine's starting to overheat.
The engineer at this factory is British.
The engineer brought the train to a stop.
The engineer climbed the telephone pole.
The engineer demonstrated how to operate the sophisticated system.
The engineer did not find any technical problem on the airplane.
The engineer does not live. It works.
The engineer in charge is Sami.
The engineer is working in France.
The engineer knew every minute detail about the new model.
The engineer put his eye to the transit and looked through it.
The engineer seeks not so much to know nature as to make use of it.
The engineer thought of a new model.
The engineer told us how to use the machine.
The engineer used an arrow symbol to represent the flow of water in the pipe diagram.
The engineer wants another motor.
The engineers blew up the bridge because it was about ready to collapse.
The engineers blew up the bridge because it was about to collapse.
The engineers changed designs frequently.
The engineers drew up plans for a new dock.
The engineers worked through the night.
The engines are very cheap.
The engines of Algeria's economy have slowed down.
The engines were tested.
The enjoyment of traveling is common to almost all people.
The enormous wave was sweeping away everything in its path.
The enquiry concluded that, despite his denials, the chief executive would have had to have known about the illegal practices occurring in the company.
The enrichment of the soil with minerals allowed my corn to grow this tall.
The enrollment for the book exhibition will take place on July 11, 2024.
The ensuing gold rush attracted immigrants, mining companies and slave owners.
The enterprise of an already distant past had brought every land under civilization. The Sahara was a lake district, crowded with sun-proud holiday resorts. The arctic islands of Canada, ingeniously warmed by directed tropical currents, were the homes of vigorous northerners. The coasts of Antarctica, thawed in the same manner, were permanently inhabited by those engaged in exploiting the mineral wealth of the hinterland.
The enterprise turned out to be a failure in the end.
The enterprise was doomed to failure.
The enterprises carried the five-day workweek.
The entertainment district now features a theater.
The entertainment expense was borne by our group.
The entertainment for the party comprised of a small chamber orchestra.
The enthusiasm that occurs every time the white ball hits the net may seem mysterious or crazy, but it must be kept in mind that the miracle happens infrequently.
The entire IT department has been bangalored.
The entire Jewish population of Hebron was ethnically cleansed in 1929.
The entire Tuareg camp was gone without a trace in just half an hour.
The entire Tuareg camp was gone without a trace.
The entire United States is within our range!
The entire area of the Dutch province of Flevoland used to lie on the bottom of the sea before 1930.
The entire area seemed devoid of movement.
The entire army began charging towards the palace.
The entire army got ready to receive the aliens.
The entire audience sang along with us.
The entire basement was unfinished.
The entire bathroom was stainless steel.
The entire beach turned red.
The entire body is densely covered with hair.
The entire book was written by hand.
The entire building was shaking.
The entire camp was canceled.
The entire ceiling, which was supported by the wall, collapsed together with it.
The entire city burned.
The entire city is in danger.
The entire city is overrun by zombies.
The entire city was covered in yellow dust.
The entire city was without electricity.
The entire class burst out laughing.
The entire class looked at Tom.
The entire class stared at Tom.
The entire class stared at her.
The entire class stared at him.
The entire colony will inherit the mutant DNA.
The entire contents of the Plena Ilustrita Vortaro de Esperanto is now easily available on the internet.
The entire country has been protesting since 2019.
The entire country mourned the death of their heroine.
The entire country was shocked.
The entire crew takes pride in its work.
The entire crew was afflicted with food poisoning.
The entire crowd burst out laughing.
The entire day, William was in a snappy mood.
The entire development of the earth and life on earth are so closely interlinked with the moon that in truth we can assign almost magical powers to it.
The entire domain doesn't work for me.
The entire episode was captured on video.
The entire family is shocked.
The entire family lives there in a messy apartment.
The entire fence started to shake.
The entire fig is edible except for the stem.
The entire fig is edible except the stem.
The entire floor is carpeted.
The entire forest was silent again.
The entire government resigned.
The entire group screamed.
The entire history of Christianity suggests that it does not cure hatred or lead to peace.
The entire house has burnt down.
The entire last year, we didn't buy groceries one time.
The entire meadow is mine.
The entire military unit was put on alert.
The entire month went by in a haze.
The entire mosque was pitch black.
The entire mountain changes color in autumn.
The entire nation was glad at the news.
The entire neighborhood was destroyed.
The entire office is under the pump trying to make sure we're ready for a surprise audit.
The entire orchestra was silent.
The entire place was covered in blood.
The entire plan has been scrapped.
The entire prison's been quarantined.
The entire process of innovation is riddled with uncertainty.
The entire process of manufacturing this small car takes only six hours.
The entire program needs reform.
The entire public and political debate is based on conjecture, not on fact.
The entire region has been destabilized by the collapse of Gaddafi's regime in Libya.
The entire region is devolving into a war that's engulfing more and more nations.
The entire room was crying.
The entire sales staff has worked around the clock for a week.
The entire scenario is an undercover sting run by the Egyptian police.
The entire school had a crush on Ziri.
The entire school was at that party.
The entire school was drooling over Ziri's looks.
The entire square was covered with snow.
The entire statement is in need of explanation.
The entire store was empty.
The entire street in a Southampton neighborhood Wednesday sang “Happy Birthday” out their windows for the girl—named “Sophia”—who stood outside her home in tears as she listened.
The entire street is lined with cabs.
The entire stretch of road is heavily forested.
The entire termite colony died off.
The entire theater turned to chaos when somebody cried "Fire!".
The entire town was destroyed in a fire.
The entire town was under water.
The entire train car was empty.
The entire universe obeys love; love, love, everything else is nothing.
The entire venue was silent.
The entire vessel exploded.
The entire village left the next day in about thirty canoes, leaving us alone with the women and children in the abandoned houses.
The entire wagon was empty.
The entire wall of honor was filled with portraits of just one person.
The entire world desires peace.
The entire world hates recklessness.
The entire world is a very narrow bridge. The important thing is to fear nothing.
The entire world is at stake.
The entire world profits when you are always too sick and too fatigued to fight back.
The entire world was frozen.
The entire world will find peace.
The entire world wishes to have peace.
The entirety of his conditions is serious.
The entomologist could not find a specimen of the bug.
The entrance ceremony will be held at 10 o'clock.
The entrance ceremony will be held at 10 o’clock.
The entrance door of the house was open.
The entrance examination was of rare difficulty.
The entrance is on the other side of the building.
The entrance is secured with a combination lock.
The entrance to Leon's property was between two houses.
The entrance to my dwelling is perpetually ajar.
The entrance to the cave is blocked by a dragon.
The entrance to the station is around the corner.
The entrance to the toilet is very dirty.
The entrance was blocked.
The entree is cold.
The entrepreneurs are preparing for the new labor reforms, even though they're not in effect yet.
The entry of vehicles should be allowed.
The entry requirements for the essay competition are very strict.
The entry tests were back on.
The entry words are arranged alphabetically.
The entrÃ©e includes a beverage.
The entrée includes a beverage.
The envelope hadn't been delivered to her.
The envelope hadn't been delivered to him.
The envelope was stamped "Addressee has moved."
The envelope's already been opened.
The envelopes were the same light-blue color.
The envelopes were the same light-blue colour.
The envious die, but envy never does.
The environment benefits from every small effort we make.
The environment feels different today.
The environment has changed drastically.
The environment is our most precious good.
The environment must be protected.
The environment on Mercury is harsh.
The environment thrives when we reduce our waste.
The environment was the focus of student council activities.
The environment was very relaxing.
The environment would be much better off if cars and airplanes had never been invented.
The environmental initiative is advancing under the aegis of a conservation organization.
The environmental protection group and others are pushing the idea of "building with nature," where nature is used to cope with climate change — think mangrove seeding to cushion coastal communities from floods — and development falls in step with the natural world's rhythms.
The envoy represented his country.
The envoy was recalled when diplomatic relations were broken.
The enzymes break down food.
The epicycle made it possible for the Greeks to explain the planetary movements.
The epidemic didn't reach our area.
The epidemic has been contained.
The epidemic has turned into a pandemic.
The epidemic is spreading quickly.
The epidemic of severe lung illness related to e-cigarettes continues to grow.
The epidemic spread further.
The epidemic spread worldwide.
The epidemiologist studied Norwegian babies born with cleft lip, cleft palate or both. He asked their mothers to recall whether they had taken pre-natal vitamins, or eaten diets high in folic acid and other folates. The usual amount of folic acid in prenatal vitamins is 400 micrograms.
The epilogue probably wasn't necessary.
The epilogue was probably unnecessary.
The episode just started.
The episode will start soon.
The epitaph engraved on the headstone was a meaningful, succinct poem.
The epitaph was written in Berber.
The equal rights and survival of languages can be assured only if the European Union accepts a neutral, easy-to-learn bridge language for interethnic communication, introducing it step by step.
The equals seek each other, the equals find each other.
The equations are very complicated.
The equator divides the Earth in two hemispheres: the Northern Hemisphere and the Southern Hemisphere.
The equator divides the Earth into two hemispheres: the northern and the southern hemisphere.
The equator divides the earth into two hemispheres.
The equator divides the globe into two hemispheres.
The equator is an imaginary line which divides the globe into two equal parts.
The equilibrium of soul and body is disturbed; and she fortifies herself in an obstinate idealism that cannot come to terms with the assaults of life.
The equinox is the day when day and night are the same length.
The equipment has been installed correctly.
The equipment was installed correctly.
The equipment will be tested.
The era left him behind.
The era of exploration and colonization of the Solar System lasted five thousand years, like the Austronesian Diaspora in the ancient Pacific.
The eraser on the pencil you just gave me is worn down.
The eraser was coated in chalk dust.
The eraser you lent me doesn't work very well, which combined with my perfectionism led to my sketch looking like a palimpsest.
The erasure of queer history is ongoing; for example, many people pretend that trans people are a new phenomenon to the world.
The erected tower should help the firefighter to notice fires in time.
The ergonomically formed arm rest makes getting up easier.
The error appears to arise from the fact that unconscientious oyster dealers wash the oysters with salt and water in order to give them a better appearance, as they say.
The error has been corrected.
The error is on line eight.
The error is still there. Is there still no chance of removing it?
The errors apparent in his results are due more to carelessness than faulty procedures.
The erstwhile Jewish communities of North Africa dated to before the arrival of the first Arabs.
The erstwhile lovers chatted and caught up.
The eruption blackened the skies over Sumatra Island.
The eruption blackened the skies.
The eruption has forced more than 6,000 to abandon their homes on the island.
The eruption lasted about seven minutes.
The eruption of the volcano Vesuvius destroyed the city of Pompeii.
The eruption produced pyroclastic flows – a mixture of hot gas, lava and other volcanic material – that traveled up to two kilometers from the volcano’s crater.
The eruption seems to be waning.
The escalator is broken.
The escalator quickly stopped.
The escalator suddenly stopped.
The escape is already planned.
The escape was nothing less than a miracle.
The escaped convict is armed and dangerous.
The escaped convicts agreed to part ways.
The escaped prisoner hasn't been caught yet.
The escaped prisoner hasn't been caught.
The escaped prisoner hasn't yet been caught.
The escaped prisoner hasn’t been caught yet.
The escaped prisoner is considered an extremely dangerous man.
The escaped prisoner is still at large.
The escaped prisoners are armed and very dangerous.
The escaped prisoners are considered armed and dangerous.
The escaped prisoners are considered dangerous.
The escaped prisoners are still on the run.
The escaped prisoners were all eventually caught.
The escaped robber is still at large.
The escort accompanied Tom to the city's sacred sites before going home with him.
The esophagus is the tube from the mouth to the stomach.
The esoteric verbiage of her email left him scratching his head and getting splinters.
The espresso was done.
The essay itself isn't a problem, but all these pernicious questions and glossary make me awfully mad!
The essay treats of the progress of cancer research.
The essay was concise and precise.
The essay was riddled with typos.
The essay you wrote is full of typos and grammatical mistakes.
The essay's author captivatingly guides us through the poet's life and works.
The essence of Americanization was elucidated in simple and beautiful words by President Wilson in his memorable speech delivered at Philadelphia in 1915 before an audience of naturalized citizens of that city.
The essence of Esperanto ideology is the equality of all languages and cultures.
The essence of Japanese culture could never be appreciated by them.
The essence of a person depends on the influence of good or bad friends.
The essence of all art is to have pleasure in giving pleasure.
The essence of liberty is mathematics.
The essence of mathematics is liberty.
The essence of mathematics is not to make simple things complicated, but to make complicated things simple.
The essence of our connection is mutual respect.
The essence of romanticism is uncertainty.
The essence of teaching is love for children.
The essential components of the art style were first codified in a magazine article written in 1994.
The essential points of my argument have been expressed in the preceding pages.
The estate was adjudged to the oldest son.
The estate went to his daughter when he died.
The estimate was a complete shock!
The estuary and its network of streams, creeks, and rivers hold tremendous ecological, cultural, economic, historic, and recreational value for the region.
The etches carved into the old wooden table were from hundreds of students who had sat at it in classes over the years.
The etchings of Artist Daniel Hopfer are quite Beautiful.
The eternal city - that's Rome; the perpetual building site - that's Berlin.
The eternal flame of love burned only half a year.
The eternal paradox of peak performance in chess, or any endeavor, really, is how to learn from your failures while still carrying on as if you are invincible. You must learn and forget simultaneously.
The eternal silence of these infinite spaces terrifies me.
The eternal snow seems not so eternal anymore.
The etymology of that word is uncertain.
The etymology of this word is uncertain.
The euphoria of victory does not blind us to the realities of the moment.
The eurasian magpie is a very smart bird.
The euro and the dollar are now worth about the same.
The euro became Latvia's official currency Wednesday as New Year's fireworks exploded in the skies over the capital, Riga.
The evacuation is in full gear.
The evaluation could take months.
The evaluation may remain implicit.
The evangelical community holds firm beliefs in the authority of Scripture.
The evangelical community welcomes newcomers with open arms.
The evangelical movement has a significant presence in many countries.
The evaporation process creates a drop in temperature of several degrees.
The evening before the wedding, Mary was still calm as a cucumber.
The evening began well and everything was going right.
The evening breeze was soothing.
The evening he died was stormy.
The evening in Hawaii is very beautiful.
The evening is coming, the Sun sets in the west.
The evening is long; the night is short.
The evening is that slow, magical, and mysterious moment of transitioning to night.
The evening is the end of the day.
The evening isn't over.
The evening meal is served between 9 and 12.
The evening of the same day saw our bus reach the scene of the accident.
The evening performance at the Royal Theater had ended, and the audience had gone home.
The evening sky is turning grey.
The evening sky was a dazzling shade of lavender.
The evening started off normally.
The evening sun goes down in the west.
The evening sun is sinking in the west.
The evening was dark.
The evening was dreich.
The evening was gloomy.
The evening was murky.
The evening was quiet and cloudy.
The evening was still and overcast.
The evening went smoothly.
The evening's not over yet.
The evenings can be chilly.
The evenings of Christmas and New Year's are generally marked by the reunion of distant relatives.
The event affected his future.
The event attracted more than 300 people.
The event became a mere historical footnote.
The event came about like this.
The event could not be interpreted otherwise.
The event decorator said hotels now make greater efforts to attract Hindu weddings, even bringing in outside experts in Indian cuisine and culture.
The event did not allow any other interpretation.
The event happened long ago.
The event has become known to the public.
The event has been postponed until further notice.
The event has been postponed.
The event has fixed firmly in my mind.
The event hasn't ended yet.
The event is free to attend.
The event is held the Sunday before Memorial Day every year.
The event is on Friday.
The event is on Monday.
The event is on Saturday.
The event is on Sunday.
The event is on Thursday.
The event is on Tuesday.
The event is on Wednesday.
The event is open to the public.
The event is still fresh in my memory.
The event is still fresh in our memory.
The event is taking place outdoors.
The event is worthy of remembrance.
The event isn't over yet.
The event left a lasting impression on me, creating memories that will never fade.
The event made him famous.
The event may be boring, but as the mayor I at least have to show up.
The event opened with a moving performance of the national anthem.
The event opened with a stirring rendition of the national anthem.
The event shouldn't be televised until it has passed.
The event starts at 1 a.m.
The event starts at 10am.
The event starts at 10pm.
The event starts at 11am.
The event starts at 11pm.
The event starts at 1pm.
The event starts at 2 a.m.
The event starts at 2:30.
The event starts at 2pm.
The event starts at 3 a.m.
The event starts at 3pm.
The event starts at 4am.
The event starts at 4pm.
The event starts at 5 am.
The event starts at 5pm.
The event starts at 6am.
The event starts at 6pm.
The event starts at 7:00, but I would suggest arriving an hour and a half early to reserve a good seat.
The event starts at 7am.
The event starts at 7pm.
The event starts at 8am.
The event starts at 8pm.
The event starts at 9am.
The event starts at 9pm.
The event starts at midnight.
The event starts at noon.
The event starts at six o'clock in the evening.
The event starts at ten at night.
The event still remains vivid in my memory.
The event takes place rain or shine.
The event took place in Algiers.
The event took place in October in Boston.
The event unfolded successfully under the auspices of a generous sponsor.
The event was a public relations disaster.
The event was forgotten as time went on.
The event was forgotten in progress of time.
The event was hosted by the "Green Truck"—a bistro on wheels dedicated to operating in an environmentally sustainable manner—and selling food that's made that way, too.
The event was just a historical footnote.
The event was open to students and alumni.
The event was open to the public.
The event was organized by Care Bangladesh.
The event was organized in the meeting room of Bangladesh Bank.
The event was organized under the aegis of the local community center.
The event was shocking, so we were shocked.
The event was televised.
The event was very well planned.
The event will be held even if it rains.
The event will be streamed live.
The event will take place on November fifteenth.
The events described in this story are purely fictitious.
The events in question occurred in the early days of my association with Holmes, when we were sharing rooms as bachelors in Baker Street.
The events that led up to her present fame are quite dramatic.
The events unfolded just as she predicted.
The events were closely linked.
The ever-present dried codfish, bacalao, cooked with garlic and oil, and sometimes with rice, flavoured with saffron, is also not by any means a food to be contemned, unpalatable as it is to those who taste it for the first time.
The everyday cycle is exhausting.
The everyday demands are leaving me drained.
The eviction process takes months.
The evidence confirms it.
The evidence convinced us of his innocence.
The evidence corresponds to his previous statement.
The evidence didn't point to you as a suspect.
The evidence doesn't match Tom's story.
The evidence doesn't support the claim.
The evidence doesn't support your claim.
The evidence for gender-affirming care meets the highest standard that it can meet without breaking ethics guidelines.
The evidence for this is fragmentary and could have other interpretations.
The evidence is all circumstantial.
The evidence is clear.
The evidence is doubtful.
The evidence is fairly conclusive.
The evidence is indisputable.
The evidence is insufficient.
The evidence is laid out before us. Considering that, together with the fact that he has no alibi, there's no question that he's the guilty one.
The evidence is laid out before us. Considering that, together with the fact that he has no alibi, there’s no question that he’s the guilty one.
The evidence is overwhelming.
The evidence is purely circumstantial.
The evidence is questionable.
The evidence is reliable.
The evidence is still circumstantial.
The evidence leaves no room for doubt; this can't be an original Picasso.
The evidence leaves no room for doubt; this can’t be an original Picasso.
The evidence left little room for doubt.
The evidence left no room for uncertainty.
The evidence proved him to be innocent.
The evidence sealed Fadil's fate.
The evidence speaks for itself.
The evidence suggests the opposite is the case.
The evidence was against me.
The evidence was circumstantial.
The evidence was damning.
The evidence was in William's hands.
The evidence was in his favor.
The evidence wasn't admissable in court and couldn't be used.
The evidence wasn't pointing to you as a suspect.
The evidence-based approach to gender-affirming care is to make it more available.
The evil Seth put out the eye of the young Horus. The mother of Horus called for help. Her cry was answered by Thoth, the god of learning and magic. Thoth, with his wisdom and special powers, healed the eye of Horus. And the child was able to see again.
The evil comes quicker than it disappears.
The evil empire is furious.
The evil in the world just gets stronger and stronger.
The evil leader of the country was interested only in money.
The evil of religion does not lie in the religion itself, but in its purveyors, who try to inculcate moral certainty; it is this moral certainty that leads to abuses.
The evil of the world has to be extirpated.
The evil queen imprisoned all pregnant women in her kingdom.
The evil spirit comes to torture the living.
The evil spirit entered Ziri's body and he died.
The evil spirit lived in a terrifying world full of bizarre and monstrous creatures.
The evil spirit was driven away from the house.
The evil spirit was making the soldiers kill each other.
The evil spirits are out in full force.
The evil witch turned the man into an insect.
The evildoer hates the light.
The evils of capitalism are as real as the evils of militarism and racism. The problems of racial injustice and economic injustice cannot be solved without a radical redistribution of political and economic power.
The evolution of dinosaurs interests me greatly.
The evolution of the Olympic Movement during the 20th and 21st centuries has resulted in numerous changes to the Olympic Games.
The ewe came after hearing Ziri's call.
The ewe can hear her lambs, but can't see them.
The ewe died suddenly.
The ewe doesn't like Ziri touching her udders.
The ewe doesn't like being touched.
The ewe doesn't like the milking stand.
The ewe fell down.
The ewe fell into the freezing water.
The ewe fled.
The ewe had a collar on.
The ewe had triplets.
The ewe has died from the fall.
The ewe has got colostrum.
The ewe is alright.
The ewe is doing a little bit better.
The ewe is fine.
The ewe is in the pen.
The ewe is over here.
The ewe is ready to go to the milking stand.
The ewe is still missing.
The ewe joined the ram.
The ewe kicked Ziri when he tried to milk her.
The ewe lamb said: "But last year, I wasn't even born!"
The ewe let Ziri pet her.
The ewe likes to hide in the barn.
The ewe loves being brushed.
The ewe managed to escape from the little hut.
The ewe produces milk for us.
The ewe really suffered.
The ewe rejected the lamb.
The ewe remained calm.
The ewe responds to Ziri's call.
The ewe started to eat the corn.
The ewe stuck its head through the barrier.
The ewe survived the fall.
The ewe was able to survive the fire.
The ewe was bleeding.
The ewe was calm.
The ewe was chewing the cud.
The ewe was in the milking stand.
The ewe was in the yard.
The ewe was injured.
The ewe was kept in the yard.
The ewe was out in the field.
The ewe was running quickly.
The ewe was scared of Ziri.
The ewe was searching for its lambs.
The ewe was sick, barely able to stand.
The ewe was sick.
The ewe was sleeping on the snow.
The ewe was so fat.
The ewe was so small and her teats were tiny.
The ewe was sold for money.
The ewe was still running.
The ewe was stuck in the mud.
The ewe was too stressed out.
The ewe was trapped in a cage.
The ewe was voraciously eating.
The ewe went in this direction.
The ewe went out.
The ewe's leg was tied.
The ewe's teat was bleeding.
The ewe's teat was injured and swollen.
The ewe's teat was injured.
The ewe's teat was swollen.
The ewe's teats were injured by her babies' teeth.
The ewe's udder was bleeding.
The ewe's udder was full of milk.
The ewes are alright.
The ewes have their own corral.
The ewes stopped producing milk.
The ewes went out to eat green grass.
The ewes were in the corral.
The ex-pat club costs money.
The exact amount must be inserted.
The exact battle site is unknown.
The exact cause is unknown.
The exact cause of Alexei Navalny's death will perhaps never be clear, but it is clear that his death occurred in a penal colony where he was wrongfully placed by a criminal regime.
The exact cause of death is still a mystery.
The exact date is 1742.
The exact date of Jesus' birth is unknown.
The exact date will be announced later.
The exact death toll is unknown.
The exact location of the trees is a secret because of fears that visitors could bring in pathogens that might cause disease.
The exact location wasn't disclosed.
The exact meaning of metaphysics is controversial.
The exact meaning of the word is implied from the context.
The exact moment of the attack was caught on camera.
The exact number of victims is unknown.
The exact opposite is true.
The exact origin of the phrase 'Seven Seas' is uncertain, although there are references in ancient literature that date back thousands of years.
The exact same thing happened to Tom.
The exact same thing happened to me.
The exact same thing happened to my friend a week later!
The exact same thing happened to one of my friends.
The exact temperature is 22.68 degrees Celsius.
The exact time is three now.
The exact value of the painting is uncertain.
The exact year is 1742.
The exaggerated vehemence of his statement astonished everyone.
The exam ends in half an hour.
The exam for this subject was very difficult.
The exam forced me to study hard.
The exam had a separate answer sheet.
The exam had a written portion.
The exam had an oral section.
The exam included mathematics, physics and chemistry.
The exam is 3 hours long.
The exam is at the weekend.
The exam is coming up next week.
The exam is coming up.
The exam is difficult.
The exam is easy.
The exam is looming.
The exam is not that difficult, it will probably be okay.
The exam is not that difficult, it won't be too bad.
The exam is on Sunday!
The exam lasted for three hours.
The exam lasted three hours.
The exam marks are out. Hannah has passed!
The exam results are in. Hannah passed!
The exam results were not what she expected.
The exam starts at 9 o'clock sharp. You need be there no later than 8.45 a.m.
The exam that Carlos is taking is in biology.
The exam that every student failed is harder than the exam that every student passed.
The exam was difficult.
The exam was divided into two parts.
The exam was easy.
The exam was extremely difficult this time.
The exam was horrendously difficult.
The exam was in two parts.
The exam was particularly difficult because of its many essay questions.
The exam was real hard.
The exam was really brutal.
The exam was relatively easy.
The exam was so difficult that the students didn't write anything down.
The exam was three hours long.
The exam was too difficult for me.
The exam was too hard for me.
The exam was two and a half hours long.
The exam was very difficult.
The exam was very easy.
The exam was very hard, and I couldn't answer a single question.
The exam wasn't hard.
The exam will end in an hour.
The exam will end in half an hour.
The exam will take place on Friday.
The examination begins next Monday.
The examination compelled me to study hard.
The examination he took last week was very hard.
The examination is approaching.
The examination is at hand.
The examination is close at hand.
The examination is drawing nearer.
The examination is near at hand.
The examination was not difficult in the least.
The examination was too difficult. Tom did not pass.
The examination won't take long.
The examinations are all over.
The examinations will begin on Monday next week.
The examiner will then ask a question only when it is absolutely necessary.
The example doesn't fall into any type stated above.
The example doesn’t fall into any type stated above.
The example is a past progressive tense sentence. How was everybody taught when they were learning about progressive tense?
The example often is only a misleading mirror.
The example sentence was splendid, wasn't it?
The examples are as follows.
The examples in this dictionary are easy to understand.
The examples used in this article make use of a Pascal-like pseudocode.
The exams are finally over.
The exams have really taken it out of me.
The exams started at 5 o'clock in the evening.
The exception confirms the rule.
The exception does not void the rule.
The exception proves the rule.
The exception was in China, where flat bread was probably not eaten.
The exceptional never happens in ordinary trivial ways.
The excessive attention we pay to danger is most often responsible for our falling into it.
The excessive heat evaporated nearly all the water.
The excessive presence of the English language does not contribute to an equal and fair debate.
The excessive presence of the English language does not contribute to an equitable and fair debate.
The excessive use of salt should be taboo.
The exchange of goods and services between the two countries is on the rise.
The exchange program has gone a long way in breaking down the stereotypes and the preconditioned ideas that we have about people in other cultures.
The exchange programme awakened a cultural interest in her.
The exchange rate between the Algerian dinar and the US dollar is falling.
The exchange rate for the yen against the dollar has risen.
The exchange rate isn't great at the moment.
The exchange rate of the dollar versus the euro has declined.
The exchange rates are posted daily outside the cashier's office.
The exchange rates are posted daily outside the cashier’s office.
The exchange rates for foreign currency change daily.
The exchange unfolding in front of my eyes had not a single millimetre of a gap in which for me to slip.
The excited audience ran into the concert hall.
The excited audience rushed into the concert hall.
The excited children couldn’t go to sleep all night long.
The excited crowd poured out of the stadium.
The excited woman tried to explain the accident all in one breath.
The excitement in William's voice was contagious, causing others to become equally enthusiastic.
The excitement intensifies! Who will win the prize for best actor?
The excitement is already building.
The excitement is palpable!
The excitement level is building.
The excitement may fade away.
The excitement of starting a new job is sometimes mingled with a certain apprehension.
The excitement reached its peak.
The excitement was palpable in William's voice as he told the story.
The exclusion of mathematics from the field of culture is like intellectual castration.
The excrescences found on this plant's taproot are entirely natural.
The excursion was canceled.
The excursion will continue for no less than 8 hours.
The execution of the project took two months.
The executioner fondled his hatchet and smiled complacently. He felt he was a cut above the rest.
The executioner is always cowardly.
The executioner is responsible for doing the dirty work.
The executioner struck off her feet with the red shoes, and the shoes danced away with the little feet across the field into the deep forest.
The executioners are torturing us, and our truth is sleeping drunk.
The executive committed ecocide.
The executive committee appointed him the president of the company.
The executive director is a real pushover for looks.
The executive power was in the hands of the burgomaster and of the town councillors, who were elected by the great assembly.
The exemption would legalize possession of up to 4.5 grams of opioids, cocaine and methamphetamine.
The exercise book doesn't belong to you, it belongs to him.
The exercise book isn't yours, it's his.
The exercise took years off me.
The exercises are simple and effective.
The exercises did her good.
The exhibit also provides food for thought by looking back to past innovations, like an 1800s experimental telephone and a spacesuit-testing android.
The exhibit includes a movie about Elvis’ life and the evolution of his representation by the media. There are also several objects from Elvis’ personal life. You can see a large nineteen fifty-seven Harley Davidson motorcycle he once owned. There is a bottle of Champagne from Elvis’ wedding to Priscilla Beaulieu, and clothing worn by his daughter Lisa Marie. And it is hard to miss the jeweled white jumpsuit that Elvis wore for his famous “Aloha from Hawaii” performance. An estimated one billion people in forty countries watched this program when it was broadcast on television in nineteen seventy-three. He died four years later at the age of forty-two.
The exhibit is in Boston for three weeks.
The exhibit is organized chronologically to show the artist's evolution into abstraction starting in the 1920s.
The exhibit runs through October 20th.
The exhibit will feature many artifacts from the Sinatra Family’s personal collection, including rare concert and interview footage, personal correspondence, private photographs, awards and other memorabilia, and music and film documents from the Library.
The exhibit's curator, Alisa LaGamma, says the sculptures were created to honor ancestors as vital intermediaries with the divine. Organized thematically, the show is an effort to understand the history and culture of their creators.
The exhibit, called "Eternal Ancestors: The Art of the Central African Reliquary," sheds light on the history and traditions of the region.
The exhibition caused a minor scandal.
The exhibition contained really astonishing paintings.
The exhibition featured modern art from Europe.
The exhibition features several interactive kiosks, computers with touch-sensitive screens that explain, for example, the significance of the distinctive poses characteristic of Egyptian figures.
The exhibition games are over and the regular season finally begins.
The exhibition has drawn much attention from the public.
The exhibition is already open.
The exhibition is now open.
The exhibition is open to the public.
The exhibition is well worth a visit.
The exhibition offers profound insights into ancient civilization.
The exhibition was a product of his imagination.
The exhibition was impressive.
The exhibition was organized under the auspices of a renowned art foundation.
The exhibition was very impressive.
The exhibition was very interesting.
The exhibition will be held next month.
The exhibition will be open for a month.
The exhibition will be open for another month.
The exhibition will be open to the public.
The exhibition will stay open for another month.
The exhibitor is cut off from the conversation.
The exhibitor isn't involved in the conversation.
The exhibitor isn’t involved in the conversation.
The exhortation "Don't quote Wikipedia" was included in the Asahi newspaper of yesterday or the day before.
The exhortation "Don’t quote Wikipedia" was included in the Asahi newspaper of yesterday or the day before.
The exile yearned for his home.
The exiled Tibetan spiritual leader said he thinks Trump’s actions as president could diverge from some of the more divisive words spoken during the campaign.
The existence of "foreigners" in this country is not a real problem. It is a fake problem. There are many other issues that are much more pressing than being "forced" to hear people speaking other languages as you walk down the street.
The existence of aliens is disputed by scientists.
The existence of an international language allows people to understand each other better.
The existence of black holes are just a supposing.
The existence of nation-states gave Europe a great advantage over the rest of the world.
The existence of our language can't possibly be questioned by a self-centered incompetent asshole who has no knowledge whatsoever in linguistics.
The existence of the Altaic language family is now widely discredited.
The existence of the soul remains a question for scientists.
The existence of the word cisgender is implied by the word transgender.
The existence of this place must never be revealed.
The existing grid mechanism is used to provide a metadata registry. It defines high level APIs that manage transaction-based replication across multiple domains and move legacy software to the grid smoothly.
The existing law concerning car accidents requires amending.
The existing policy regarding authors' rights is almost ideal. It allows the authors of works to manage the fruits of their labor as they please.
The existing road was 101 kilometers long, while the newly constructed highway spans 81.7 kilometers, reducing the distance by 19.3 kilometers.
The existing stores can be stretched by dilution, and a drug company has discovered millions more doses in storage.
The exit door is on the right.
The exit doors were both locked.
The exit flow rate is proportional to the pressure difference around the exit valve.
The exit flowrate is proportional to the pressure difference around the exit valve.
The exit is blocked.
The exit is in the same place as the entrance.
The exit is likewise on the ground floor.
The exit is on the left.
The exit is on the right in the direction of travel.
The exit is on the right.
The exit is over there.
The exit is usually where the entrance was.
The exit was directly in front of Edmundo.
The exit will be on the left.
The exits are here.
The exodus has left the region practically depopulated, with those remaining being primarily the elderly or people too sick to leave.
The exorcism doesn't seem to have worked.
The exoskeleton is worn on the user’s back and around the stomach.
The exosphere is the highest layer of the atmosphere. It extends from the top of the thermosphere up to 10,000 kilometers.
The exosphere is the outermost layer of our atmosphere.
The expansion is aging.
The expansion of adult literacy programs, coupled with innovative approaches to digital literacy, has empowered thousands of Algerians to acquire essential skills and participate more actively in socio-economic life.
The expansion of the Roman Empire led to the spread of Latin, which caused the development of the Romance languages we know today.
The expansion of the Roman Empire wiped out a considerable number of the original European languages.
The expansion of the Roman empire wiped out a great number of the original European languages.
The expansion of the building's west end is being studied.
The expansion of the universe is speeding up.
The expansion will more than double the canal’s income over the next 10 years by making the trip faster and cheaper for shippers, said the head admiral of the Suez Canal Authority.
The expectation of a showcase wedding featuring a traditional white dress with all the expensive trimmings gained ground after World War II, prompted in part by the availability of new inexpensive fabrics like nylon and rayon — developed during the war to make parachutes — that could be used to make wedding gowns at a far lower cost than satin and silk.
The expectation of a showcase wedding featuring a traditional white dress with all the expensive trimmings gained ground after World War II.
The expectations are enormous.
The expected direction was confused by the dazzling camouflage
The expected high temperature for today is 32 degrees. It's going to be hot, isn't it?
The expedition failed due to unexpected harsh weather.
The expedition has postponed its departure to the Antarctic.
The expedition passed through the great jungle.
The expedition was carried out under the aegis of a renowned university.
The expedition was fraught with disaster.
The expedition's supplies soon gave out.
The expedition’s supplies soon gave out.
The expenditure totaled 200,000 yen.
The expense is 10000 yen at lowest.
The expense is chargeable on him.
The expense is greater than the profit.
The expense will fall on him.
The expenses are ten thousand yen per head.
The expenses average ten dollars a day.
The expensive china broke into a thousand pieces.
The expensive houses are on top.
The expensive machine turned out to be of no use.
The experience Ziri had in the woods will haunt him for a long time.
The experience caused Tom great pain.
The experience changed Tom for good.
The experience changed Tom for the better.
The experience changed Tom for the worse.
The experience changed Tom.
The experience continues to terrify Ziri to this day.
The experience gave him an advantage over the others.
The experience gave him the courage.
The experience had a profound impact on Tom.
The experience has been good.
The experience of a looping discussion in all languages which results in nothing is the cause.
The experience prejudiced her in favor of the Democratic Party.
The experience served as a powerful lesson.
The experience shook Tom.
The experience soured his outlook on life.
The experience was amazing.
The experience was draining.
The experience was too intense for me.
The experience will do you good.
The experienced kayaker effortlessly glided across the calm lake.
The experiment confirmed his theory.
The experiment ended in failure.
The experiment eventually failed due to a lack of support.
The experiment failed because of some minor faults.
The experiment failed in the initial stages.
The experiment failed.
The experiment has to begin.
The experiment is much more complicated than that.
The experiment is over.
The experiment must be conducted with rigour.
The experiment must begin.
The experiment must succeed. The next chance will only arise in fifty years.
The experiment proved to be successful.
The experiment resulted in a miserable failure.
The experiment seemed to be going well.
The experiment succeeded.
The experiment was a conspicuous failure.
The experiment was a failure.
The experiment was a huge success.
The experiment was a success.
The experiment was made on a hundred unmarried males.
The experiment was repeated in a distant place with very similar results.
The experiment was successful.
The experiment yielded unexpected results.
The experimental antidepressant worked.
The experimental drug proved effective against the virus.
The experimental drug worked.
The experimental technique may someday give cardiologists a new tool for treating patients with heart rhythm disorders.
The experimental treatment aims to supply kids and adults with a healthy version of the gene they lack, using a tool that cuts or "edits" DNA in a specific spot.
The experiments have been being carried out since 1997.
The experiments led to great discoveries.
The expert analyzed the statistics in detail.
The expert appraised the watch at $200.
The experts decided the document was a forgery.
The experts have long been handling the problem.
The experts said it would rain tomorrow.
The experts say swelling cities are adding to the pressure by weighing down the deltas and sucking up groundwater.
The experts were amazed, too.
The experts were satisfied with the results.
The expiry date is printed under the bottle cap.
The expiry date on this tin of baked beans is November 2017.
The explanation Tom gave us was easy to understand.
The explanation Tom gave was easy to understand.
The explanation Tom gave was interesting.
The explanation below was achieved by comparing and contrasting a variety of different theories.
The explanation didn't convince me.
The explanation is by no means satisfactory.
The explanation is clear.
The explanation is simple.
The explanation may be much more complex.
The explanation of each fact took a long time.
The explanation of the event was omitted for lack of space.
The explanation that Tom gave was easy to understand.
The explanation was beyond my understanding.
The explanation was very complicated.
The explanation wasn't difficult to understand.
The explanation wasn't easy to understand.
The explanation wasn't hard to understand.
The explanations are too elaborate and should be simplified.
The explanations are too elaborate, and they should be simplified.
The exploited and oppressed class — the proletariat — will not be able to free itself from the exploiting and oppressive class — the bourgeoisie — without first freeing the whole of society from exploitation, oppression and class struggle.
The exploiting classes try to immortalize false worldviews to affirm and strengthen their domination.
The explorer bartered with the natives for food.
The explorer pushed his way through the trackless mountain region.
The explorers began to suffer from a severe lack of food.
The explorers continued their journey.
The explorers cut their way through the forest.
The explorers discovered a skeleton in the cave.
The explorers finally reached their goal.
The explorers made their way through the jungle.
The explorers ventured inside the caverns.
The explorers were unable to cleave a path through the jungle.
The explorer’s greatest care, however, while camping out in the forest at night—his fires, his watchmen, and his watch-dogs—will not invariably secure him from danger, if there happen to be wild animals in the neighbourhood; leopards especially, insignificant in size as compared with the lion and the tiger,—there are few things so daring that a hungry leopard will not attempt them.
The explosion came about by accident.
The explosion caused chaos.
The explosion could be heard from thirty miles away.
The explosion did a lot of damage to the building.
The explosion distracted Gunter.
The explosion engulfed Antonio’s and Rima’s houses.
The explosion frightened the villagers.
The explosion immediately occurred.
The explosion injured several other soldiers.
The explosion killed Gabriel instantly.
The explosion killed both Damiano and the alien.
The explosion killed several passers-by.
The explosion killed three people and injured over thirty.
The explosion may have been caused by a gas leak.
The explosion occurred at four pm.
The explosion of colors, the perfumes in the air and the softness of the autumn light make for a dreamy, romantic atmosphere.
The explosion of the space shuttle is still fresh in my memory.
The explosion reduced the facilities to ruins.
The explosion resulted from a failure of the cooling system of the tank.
The explosion ruled out their survival.
The explosion ruptured the pipe.
The explosion sent ash and steam at least 100 meters into the air.
The explosion sent debris flying all over the neighborhood.
The explosion sent debris flying all over the place.
The explosion sent debris flying everywhere.
The explosion sent debris flying in all directions.
The explosion sent debris flying in every direction.
The explosion shook the entire building.
The explosion shook the ground.
The explosion shook the whole building.
The explosion snapped Yanni back to reality.
The explosion temporarily disoriented Ziri.
The explosion that followed killed many people.
The explosion threw Martino’s car into the air.
The explosion took place because of his carelessness.
The explosion turned Yanni's car into scrap metal.
The explosion was cause by a car accident.
The explosion was heard all over the city.
The explosion was most likely caused by a gas leak.
The explosion was so powerful that the roof was blown away.
The explosion was so powerful that the roof was blown off.
The explosion was truly a sight to behold.
The explosive device was disguised as a tape recorder.
The explosive ordnance disposal unit safely disposed of the unexploded bomb.
The explosives are about to detonate.
The explosives were hidden in a trash bin.
The exponential function has a horizontal asymptote.
The exponential function is strictly increasing.
The export business isn't doing well.
The export business isn’t doing well.
The export of arms was not allowed.
The export of arms was prohibited.
The export of cotton has increased.
The export of weapons was prohibited.
The exports increased by 30 billion dollars.
The exposition is dedicated to photographs of ideal, natural, and grotesque bodies; conceives of sexuality as a part of existence; and presents photographed sexual practices, desires, and phantasms.
The exposition was very interesting.
The exposition will be held for six months.
The exposition â€œBuy Belarusianâ€ was advertised using spam.
The exposition “Buy Belarusian” was advertised using spam.
The express arrives at 6:30 p.m.
The express starts at six and gets into Tokyo at nine.
The express train does not stop between Shibuya and Naka-Meguro.
The express train from Paris arrives at ten o'clock.
The express train is an hour faster than the local.
The express train is moving down the track.
The express train picked up speed gradually.
The express train went by so fast that we hardly saw it.
The express train went by so fast we hardly saw it.
The express train will take you between major cities non-stop.
The expression "Is this seat available?" should be used when you are meeting someone for the first time. It's not an expression of anger, but a polite way of asking.
The expression "portable" is ambiguous, as you don't know whether it refers to a telephone, a computer, or another portable device.
The expression is right on track.
The expression made little sense.
The expression on Boris's face instantly faded.
The expression on Marcus's face said more than a thousand words.
The expression on Mark's face was priceless.
The expression on her face was more sour than a lemon.
The expression on his face was more sour than a lemon.
The expression “as for the story, the partridge landed on it” is actually a very old idiom, which is used in connection with someone who has committed a crime; when you ask him about it, he doesn't even answer you! We then say that the partridge (or the hen) has landed on it.
The expressway was congested with thousands of cars.
The expropriations by the university angered the local residents.
The exquisite corpse will drink the new wine.
The exquisite feminine beauty of her countenance, now shaded only by a profusion of sunny tresses; the sylph-like form, disencumbered of her heavy riding-skirt and mantled in azure silk; the grace of her manner and of her smile, cleared, with a celerity which surprised the Master himself, all the gloomy and unfavourable thoughts which had for some time overclouded his fancy.
The extended handle on the fruit picker is sturdy.
The extension of summer vacation delighted the children.
The extension of the summer vacation delighted the children.
The extension siphoned off browsing history.
The extent of damage in those areas is comparatively less.
The extent of the damage is inestimable.
The exterior hardly merits description, though the domes or cupolas with their brilliant green, yellow, and white tiling are not without a certain bizarre beauty.
The exterior has a relationship with what surrounds the text.
The exterior insulation on almost three dozen high-rise buildings in England has failed fire safety tests, according to the Department for Communities and Local Government.
The exterior of the building looks much as it always has, but the interior has been thoroughly remodeled.
The external debt problem only compounded their difficulties.
The external genitalia include the labia majora, mons pubis, labia minora, clitoris, and glands within the vestibule.
The external obliques are a pair of muscles that lie on the lateral sides of the abdominal region of the body.
The extinction of that species is imminent.
The extra effort raised his blood pressure above normal.
The extra luggage was a dead weight.
The extra room proved very useful when we had visitors.
The extradiegetic narrator does not live the event.
The extraordinary greatness of the Roman Empire manifests itself above all in three things: the aqueducts, the paved roads, and the construction of the drains.
The extraordinary session of the Diet will last four weeks.
The extras play the minor roles.
The extraterrestrials were experimenting on humans.
The extravagant poor will never be wealthy.
The extremely weak magnetic field of Mars suggests that its iron core is no longer fluid and circulating.
The extremist convictions of the Taliban are undeniable.
The extremists refused to negotiate.
The extremists were chanting "death upon Lilliput."
The exuberance of the style and its tricky capriciousness may be, and are, condemned by purists as in questionable taste; but as an outcome of national feeling, and as an example of original inventive ingenuity and patience, this and other notable specimens of the style, to which reference will be made later, are of the highest interest to the student, and a delight to the ordinary observer who can free himself from the straightlaced traditions of the schools.
The eye doctor examined William's vision.
The eye doesn't see beyond its own comfort level.
The eye has the natural ability to see.
The eye is a window that looks into the heart.
The eye is bigger than the belly.
The eye is more important than the stomach.
The eye is sensitive to light.
The eye is the mirror of the soul.
The eye is the window of the soul.
The eye may see for the hand, but not for the mind.
The eye of God watches over the little ones.
The eye of a hurricane is its center.
The eye of the cyclone is surrounded by the eyewall, a ring of thunderstorms where the most severe weather occurs.
The eye of the master fattens his cattle.
The eye sees and the ear hears.
The eye sees; the mind understands.
The eye socket is the bone receptacle in which the eye fits.
The eye with which I see God is the same eye with which God sees me.
The eye-catching posters depict some of the universe's most mysterious astronomical phenomena with artistic flair.
The eyeball reacts to stimuli.
The eyeliner pencil is used to make fine lines.
The eyepatch is annoying; I have no rum, ship, or parrot; and I have not found any hidden treasure or booty yet.
The eyes are as eloquent as the tongue.
The eyes are blind when the mind is engaged in other things.
The eyes are guides in love.
The eyes are the heart's windows.
The eyes are the language of the heart.
The eyes are the mirror of the soul.
The eyes are the mirrors of the soul.
The eyes are the window into the soul.
The eyes are the windows of the heart.
The eyes are windows to the soul.
The eyes can see, but the heart is blind.
The eyes in his head see the world spinning round.
The eyes may remain open for such long periods of time that the conjunctiva and sclera may become quite dry and ulcerate.
The eyes of Europe are fixed upon us; she demands of us a living example of freedom.
The eyes of all the world are now upon this indescribably beautiful and fertile country.
The eyes of that creature looked they were full of nothing more than hunger.
The eyes of the skull suddenly began to glimmer and to glow like red coals, and wherever the three turned or ran the eyes followed them, growing larger and brighter till they flamed like two furnaces, and hotter and hotter till the merchant's wife and her two wicked daughters took fire and were burned to ashes. Only Vasilissa the Beautiful was not touched.
The eyes of the world are upon you.
The eyes say more than a thousand words.
The eyes see; the soul understands.
The eyes themselves can become selective, ignoring part of what is there, and the brain sometimes insists on seeing things that don't exist at all.
The eyes themselves can become selective, ignoring part of what is there, and the brain sometimes insists on seeing things that don’t exist at all.
The eyes were staring back at Ziri from the woods.
The eyewitness disappeared without a word.
The eyewitnesses gave conflicting accounts of what they had seen.
The fables written by Hans Christian Andersen, the most famous Dane in the world, made him an icon of world literature.
The fabric is beautiful.
The fabric is stored upstairs.
The fabric was a loud red.
The fabric was bright red.
The fabric was frayed.
The fabric's color is blue.
The facade of Casa Batllo, one of seven works by Catalonian architect Antoni Gaudi, has an organic skeletal quality leading locals to refer to it as the House of Bones, in Barcelona.
The facade of that house is a nightmare.
The facade of the building was completely renovated. I didn't recognize it when I drove by.
The face betrays what is in the heart.
The face is the mirror of our personality.
The face is the mirror of the soul.
The face is the reflection of our personality.
The face of Christmas glows all the brighter for the cold.
The face of an angel appeared in his dream.
The face of that creature looked like a human.
The face of the countryside has changed.
The face of thy mother's reflected in the sky.
The face of thy mother’s reflected in the sky.
The face towel is on the hook.
The face was so white, so thin, with eyes so large, wild, and hungry-looking, and the black, unkempt hair, into which the snow had drifted, formed so strange and weird a frame to the picture, that I was fairly startled.
The face will leave in you an utterly different impression.
The faces of the jambs and archivolts of these openings are heavily adorned with mouldings and foliate ornaments in terra-cotta relief, while the archivolts of the arcade above have more simple neo-classic profiling, and more refined and conventional foliate ornamentation.
The facilities there aren't what they're used to.
The facility also includes the athletic department offices and classroom space.
The facility is part of the Semmar Industrial Area, in Algiers.
The facility only has three beds.
The facility plays host to many national and international sporting competitions.
The facsimile here given is from the latter book.
The facsimile proved that the inscription was genuine.
The fact Tom did that can't be denied.
The fact Tom didn't do that can't be denied.
The fact cannot be denied.
The fact has come home to my bosom.
The fact is I didn't go to school today.
The fact is I didn’t go to school today.
The fact is I do not love her.
The fact is I don't do that anymore.
The fact is Tom was lucky.
The fact is apparent to everybody.
The fact is apparent to the most casual observer.
The fact is he lied.
The fact is known to everybody.
The fact is known to everyone in the town.
The fact is of great importance from the viewpoint of science.
The fact is that I can't swim.
The fact is that I can’t swim.
The fact is that I don't know anything about Tom.
The fact is that I don't know anything about him.
The fact is that I don’t know anything about him.
The fact is that I felt as though I were choking, and had a perfect longing for a breath of fresh air. I really think that I should have fainted if I had not gone out. I stood at the door for a few minutes, and now I am quite myself again.
The fact is that I have another appointment.
The fact is that I have no money with me.
The fact is that I haven't read the book yet.
The fact is that I haven’t read the book yet.
The fact is that I've spent all the money.
The fact is that I’ve spent all the money.
The fact is that he did not notice the difference.
The fact is that he didn't even take the exam.
The fact is that he didn’t even take the exam.
The fact is that he is my close friend.
The fact is that he is too busy to see you.
The fact is that he knows nothing about it.
The fact is that he slept late that morning.
The fact is that his father lives alone in New York because of work.
The fact is that my cat is shy.
The fact is that our friend the baronet begins to display a considerable interest in our fair neighbour.
The fact is that people are good. Give people affection and security, and they will give affection and be secure in their feelings and their behavior.
The fact is that she didn't even read the letter.
The fact is that she didn't notice the difference.
The fact is that she didn’t even read the letter.
The fact is that she is ill.
The fact is that she lied.
The fact is that the rumor is groundless.
The fact is that they are talking.
The fact is that they don't have enough money.
The fact is that they don’t have enough money.
The fact is we aren't getting married yet.
The fact is we don't know what's going on around us.
The fact is we were not invited.
The fact is, Gary Murtagh says, older Americans are far more adventuresome than the public realizes.
The fact is, I have heard nothing about it.
The fact is, I think, very important.
The fact is, he broke the window.
The fact manifests his innocence.
The fact next in importance that this history establishes is that the first of the Northmen to set foot on the shores of Vinland was Leif Ericson.
The fact proves his honesty.
The fact remains that he accepted the money.
The fact remains that he is guilty.
The fact remains that you pay for Twitter.
The fact seemed to irritate her husband.
The fact still remains to be known.
The fact that Britain had no national anthem before 1745 is in itself of little consequence.
The fact that Gunter wouldn't answer creeped Amelia out even more.
The fact that I know it is not real.
The fact that I lost my temper made matters still worse.
The fact that I said farewell to someone in the past doesn't necessarily mean I won't greet them in the future.
The fact that I said nothing made him angry.
The fact that I survived is a tribute to the indestructibility of the human body.
The fact that I usually go to bed after three in the morning shows that, with all my heart, I live in London's timezone.
The fact that I'm here proves that I'm innocent.
The fact that I’m here proves that I’m innocent.
The fact that Shah Jahan built the structure is attested to by the official Persian-language chronicles and other accounts of the period, as well as by the historical accounts and travelogues written by some 17th-century European travelers, said the professor of medieval history.
The fact that Tom did that can't be denied.
The fact that Tom didn't do that can't be denied.
The fact that Tom lied that he was at home when he was actually in the office the night of the murder is proof of his guilt.
The fact that Tom likes the idea isn't relevant at all.
The fact that Tom no longer trusts me worries me a lot.
The fact that Tom no longer trusts me worries me.
The fact that Tom was lying to us slowly dawned on me.
The fact that Tom was under Mary's influence was all too clear from his arguments. John gave up trying to win him over to his side.
The fact that William had a photographic memory helped him in his job as a detective.
The fact that William had a sense of humor made him a joy to be around.
The fact that William had won several awards for his writing impressed his readers.
The fact that William was a kind and compassionate person made him a beloved friend.
The fact that William was always punctual made him popular among his friends.
The fact that William was fluent in five languages impressed his colleagues.
The fact that Yanni looked at another woman was more than Skura could handle.
The fact that a man lives on the same street with me does not mean he is my friend.
The fact that educated Americans in general no longer share understandable background knowledge is a chief cause of their inability to communicate effectively.
The fact that football players are so rich is something most people find scandalous.
The fact that he did not accept any money shows that he is an honest man.
The fact that he did not do it cannot be denied.
The fact that he doesn't get the opportunity to ban me from this country and now he has to call me a congresswoman, I'm sure pisses him off, but he'll eventually get used to it.
The fact that he doesn’t think like you is not a reason to insult him.
The fact that he knows where I am doesn't exactly delight me.
The fact that he was a great statesman cannot be denied.
The fact that he was sick was not very impressive to her.
The fact that it's expensive doesn't mean that it's any good.
The fact that it's possible to overcome a disadvantage doesn't make that disadvantage acceptable.
The fact that most criminals belong to a certain group does not imply that most members of that group are criminals. To claim that it does is to commit the inverse fallacy.
The fact that most human beings don't know how to respect each other is exactly the reason why we have so many rules and laws.
The fact that my skin is lighter than yours doesn't mean that I'm better than you.
The fact that no one ever moves in makes the community more and more insular.
The fact that no one has ever done it before does not mean that it is impossible.
The fact that no one's ever done it before doesn't mean that it's impossible.
The fact that nowadays fewer men smoke is a headache for the Japanese tobacco industry.
The fact that promiscuous women are looked down on while promiscuous men are seen as successful is a double standard.
The fact that she dumped him doesn't surprise me.
The fact that she had gotten married twice was true.
The fact that she is ill worries me a lot.
The fact that she's old enough to be your mother does not preclude her from being your friend.
The fact that she's sick really worries me.
The fact that soccer players are so rich is something most people find scandalous.
The fact that some traders exploit festival times to hike prices is no secret.
The fact that television frequently limits communication within families is already well known.
The fact that the money came just then was a quirk of fate.
The fact that the president had an affair is known all across the country.
The fact that the richest man in the world encourages antisemitism should tell you something about the real purpose of antisemitism.
The fact that their intentions were honest doesn't make their evil deeds any less evil. But this was more the work of the power-hungry leaders than the common citizen.
The fact that there are more young idiots doesn’t show that there aren’t any old idiots, on the contrary...
The fact that these assertions have consistently proved to be without foundation unfortunately does not prevent their repetition.
The fact that they came here is undeniable.
The fact that they're pliant does not mean they agree with you.
The fact that this sentence is translatable is amazing.
The fact that you believe such a thing exists says more about you than you're aware.
The fact that you can add it on fruit salads, throw it in your gazpacho or use it to garnish a drink is a nice bonus.
The fact that you disappear for weeks with no apparent reason bothers me.
The fact that you made up an entire fictional language all by yourselves is absolutely incredible!
The fact that you reminded me of this devastating and disastrous event that happened to me just opened up some unhealed and some deep hidden personal traumas in me.
The fact that you think LGBT people have chosen to be LGBT is insulting to me. What exactly have we chosen? Have we chosen for us to be mocked by others or break our families apart? For us to not get apartments rented or jobs? Do you believe it's pleasing for us to see you discussing whether we deserve rights?
The fact that you were lying was written all over your face.
The fact that you're unable to feel compassion indicates clearly that you're a psychopath.
The fact the spiders aren't insects is well-known.
The fact was brought to light.
The fact was of interest to the scientists.
The factories are producing on a large scale.
The factors of fifteen are three and five.
The factory always made good quality shoes.
The factory cannot keep up with demand.
The factory closed yesterday.
The factory decided to do away with the old machinery.
The factory did not want him.
The factory didn't want Tom.
The factory had to cut back its production.
The factory has been lying idle for a year.
The factory has been shut down.
The factory has been transferred to Hokkaido.
The factory has dismissed some three hundred workers.
The factory has laid off some three hundred workers.
The factory is closed for refurbishment and will re-open on 1st September 2007.
The factory is closing down! That is the end of everything.
The factory is keyed to produce men's wear.
The factory is keyed to produce men’s wear.
The factory is on fire. Call 119 immediately.
The factory is producing a new type of car.
The factory is run on a large scale.
The factory is running at full capacity.
The factory is trying to get rid of water pollution.
The factory laid off about 300 workers.
The factory laid off approximately 300 workers.
The factory manufactures toys.
The factory now under construction will assemble 3,000 VCR units per day.
The factory produced ten finished articles an hour.
The factory produced twelve thousand tanks in the Second World War.
The factory produces ammunition.
The factory produces cotton goods.
The factory produces everyday appliances.
The factory produces robots for people.
The factory produces thousands of bottles every month.
The factory site is 1000 square metres big.
The factory started to pollute the island.
The factory takes old light bulbs for free for recycling.
The factory turns out eight hundred motorcycles a month.
The factory uses many complicated machines.
The factory violates multiple environmental regulations.
The factory was completely silent.
The factory was constructed out of concrete.
The factory was his, but was bought by a group of Germans.
The factory was not in compliance with safety regulations.
The factory was privatized.
The factory was shut down ten years ago.
The factory waste gave rise to serious environmental pollution.
The factory where Tom used to work has been closed down.
The factory where Tom wants to work is approximately 300 miles from Boston.
The factory where Tom works is going to be closed down.
The factory will begin to produce next year.
The factory will cease operations next month.
The factory workers put on a uniform.
The facts are buried in a few old books.
The facts are clear.
The facts are frightening.
The facts are incompatible with your hypothesis.
The facts are just the reverse of what Tom told you.
The facts are not clear.
The facts are not on her side.
The facts are not on his side.
The facts are not on your side.
The facts are on my side.
The facts are on our side.
The facts are on your side.
The facts are otherwise.
The facts are plain. No one can deny them.
The facts are plain. Nobody can deny them.
The facts are plain; nobody can deny them.
The facts are simple.
The facts are the facts.
The facts are these, Mr. Holmes.
The facts bear out this hypothesis.
The facts became known to everyone.
The facts did not become public for many years.
The facts do their job.
The facts don't correspond with your assumption.
The facts don't lie.
The facts don’t correspond with your assumption.
The facts need to be known, not distorted.
The facts of the case are simple.
The facts proved that our worries were unnecessary.
The facts speak against it.
The facts speak for themselves.
The facts weren't properly understood.
The facts will be known in due time.
The facts will eventually come out.
The facts will surprise you.
The factual world is often weirder than the fictional world.
The faculties of the elderly are preserved as long as they remain active and interested in life.
The faculty ended the school day early.
The faculty meeting adopted the dean's proposal.
The faculty meeting adopted the dean’s proposal.
The faded flag flew over the shabby bait shop.
The failed realtor tried to gin up hatred of trans people, but nobody cared outside her bubble.
The failed scientist's work was repudiated.
The failure depressed Tom.
The failure depressed him.
The failure in business left me penniless.
The failure is due to his carelessness.
The failure is due to his idleness.
The failure of the crops was the major cause of starvation in that region.
The failure resulted from his idleness.
The failure shamed Liisa.
The failure was detected in time, thereby preventing a disaster.
The failures of the neocons' many wars should be enough to discredit their opinions in the present day.
The faint halitus of freshly shed blood was in the air.
The fair is finished, the esplanade is deserted.
The fair recorded record visitor numbers this year.
The fair starts next week.
The fair takes place at the exhibition centre outside the city.
The fair takes place on the showground outside the city.
The fair was packed.
The fairest rose is at last withered.
The fairest thing we can experience is the mysterious. It is the fundamental emotion which stands at the cradle of true art and science. He who knows it not and can no longer wonder, no longer feel amazement, is as good as dead, a snuffed-out candle.
The fairies danced in the moonlight.
The fairies danced in wispy gowns.
The fairy at the Renaissance festival was actually a real fairy.
The fairy at the Renaissance festival was just an actor.
The fairy changed the prince into a cat.
The fairy godmother appears a lot in fairy tales.
The fairy godmother's job is to protect someone during their life.
The fairy started off at once, and arrived, about an hour later, in a fiery chariot drawn by dragons.
The fairy tale emphasized the importance of kindness, bravery, and wisdom.
The fairy tale is very joyful.
The fairy tale told of the frog who turned into a prince.
The fairy then said to Cinderella, "Well, you see here a carriage fit to go to the ball in; are you not pleased with it?" "Oh, yes!" she cried; "but must I go as I am in these rags?"
The fairy waved her magic wand and a miracle happened: the pumpkin turned into a carriage.
The fairytale tells the story of a spider who wanted to travel the world.
The faithful believe that this relic is imbued with healing properties.
The fake ceiling collapsed on the stage.
The fake concrete blocks were installed on the stage.
The fake king plays golf while the real king consolidates his power.
The fakes and frauds on the left revealed themselves when Putin invaded and occupied Ukraine.
The fakes are very easy to spot.
The fakir lied down on a bed of nails.
The fakir sat on a bed of nails.
The falcon captured a magpie.
The falcon has exceptional eyesight.
The falcon has keen eyes.
The falcon has perfect vision.
The falcon has sharp eyes.
The falcon is a bird of prey.
The falcon is a very fast bird.
The falcon is not an eagle.
The falcon rose straight upward.
The falcon, the hobby, and the hawk, catch small birds; the Gerfalcon, pigeons and larger birds.
The fall caused Yanni too much internal bleeding.
The fall from the horse resulted in a broken leg.
The fall from the ledge shattered his leg.
The fall happened.
The fall in oil prices brought about economic diversification in Algeria.
The fall in oil prices has hit Algeria's economy very hard.
The fall left Vladimir shocked and unable to move.
The fall of communism in 1991 marked a significant turning point for Albania.
The fall of the Armenian Kingdom of Cilicia in 1375 marked the end of Armenian independence until the 20th century.
The fall of the Berlin Wall was really an epochal event.
The fall of the Soviet Union should be a good thing, but its replacement kept all of its bad qualities while selling off its good qualities.
The fall of the empire was inevitable.
The fall was a consequence of the lightning-fast formation of smooth ice.
The fallen man could not get up.
The fallen man couldn't rise to his feet.
The fallen power line was high voltage, so nobody could cross it.
The fallen tree arrested the current of a brook.
The fallen tree barred our way.
The fallen tree got in the way, and I could not get my car out of the garage.
The falling building crushed Leonid.
The falling of dead whales in the abyssal zone generate interesting microecosystems that last a relatively long time.
The falling of the Berlin Wall was truly a momentous occasion.
The falling shelf broke his leg.
The falls are some distance below the bridge.
The false alarm caused panic.
The false alarm was caused by human error.
The fame got to Tom's head.
The famed Taj Mahal has long inspired copies made from such materials as matchsticks, plastic blocks, or sand.
The famed climber Ueli Steck, the 'Swiss Machine,' died in a climbing accident near Mount Everest.
The familiar argument against a proposed action that it is premature.
The familiar mountains came into view.
The familiar place had a new significance for her.
The families demanded for the law to toughen.
The families of the factory workers need schools, hospitals, and stores, so more people come to live in the area to provide these services, and thus a city grows.
The families will be here soon.
The family Tom is staying with doesn't live near a bus stop.
The family also spent time in Bali, Borneo, Vietnam, Cambodia, and Nepal. They backpacked, snorkeled, and got a close up view of animals few American children see except in zoos, but they saw disturbing evidence as well of how human activities can affect the environment. Zoe Glick read an excerpt from her journal.
The family and friends have arrived.
The family assimilated quickly into their new environment.
The family ate dinner together.
The family ate lunch.
The family ate supper together.
The family brought their children to have fun in the waterpark.
The family dined together.
The family dog was barking.
The family dynamic behind such a character-driven movie without many plot twists or alien invaders to offer is the real reason for its success.
The family eats breakfast on the balcony.
The family enjoyed a fun and relaxing day at the beach.
The family fortune has increased a great deal.
The family gathered around the table.
The family gathered around the table­ for a meal.
The family had a hard time after the war.
The family had been sleeping for about two hours when the fire broke out.
The family had fun decorating the Christmas tree together every year, and William loved it.
The family had grave doubts regarding the explanation it received from the army.
The family had grave doubts regarding the explanation they got from the army.
The family had its dinner at noon.
The family had lunch at noon.
The family has been cursed with poor health.
The family has problems, they interest Mr. Holmes.
The family is cooking tacos.
The family is eating breakfast on the balcony.
The family is eating breakfast outdoors.
The family is forced to live on his little salary.
The family is on their way to visit a relative.
The family is sitting in a happy circle around the dining table.
The family is the basic unit of society.
The family is the building block of all human societies.
The family is the core of society.
The family is the fundamental unit of society.
The family is the most basic unit of society.
The family is the most important unit in society.
The family is the natural and fundamental group unit of society and is entitled to protection by society and the State.
The family is the nucleus of society.
The family is too poor to pay back the debts.
The family is watching a movie together.
The family keep their buffaloes solely for the milk they produce, he explained, which they use for their own consumption within the family.
The family likes to watch murder mysteries.
The family lived a wretched life during the war.
The family lived in poverty.
The family lived in the depths of misery.
The family lives in a yurt.
The family love one another.
The family loves to watch murder mysteries together.
The family members eat dinner together.
The family members nursed the patient in turns.
The family members sat around the table.
The family mourned the tragic death of their young child.
The family moved from their native Germany to Chicago around the year 1830.
The family moved here from the north.
The family name fell into disrepute following their son's federal indictment.
The family never had enough money for vacations.
The family of Ashton did not long survive that of Ravenswood.
The family of my wife is very rich.
The family of the teenage bashing victim took the agonising decision to switch off his life support.
The family property was distributed among the relatives.
The family received discouraging news from the doctor about Tom's health.
The family received me very warmly.
The family rejoiced at the celebration.
The family restaurant is owned by her mother, Delores.
The family seemed to be under a curse.
The family settled down to watch an Algerian movie.
The family she worked for as a nanny did not vaccinate their children and encouraged her to do the same.
The family should be built on respect.
The family that Tom is staying with doesn't live near a bus stop.
The family took a vote on the type of restaurant they wanted to go to for dinner.
The family tried to save money by scrimping on food to the detriment of their own health.
The family underwent a remarkable rise in status in only two generations.
The family urged people to stop vaping.
The family used to go on pontoon rides down the creek every Fourth of July.
The family wants to buy a house.
The family was at one time among the richest in England.
The family was highly doubtful of the statement from the military.
The family was informed of the child's death.
The family was shook up when the grandmother died unexpectedly.
The family were all out reaping the corn.
The family won't be at home tomorrow. I'll have some me time.
The family's circumstances are not easy.
The family’s circumstances are not easy.
The famine was over after the truck filled with potatoes arrived.
The famous Gordian Knot was cut with a sword blow.
The famous Gordian Knot was cut with a sword.
The famous Hadith of Gabriel narrated by Umar ibn al-Khattab (may Allah be pleased with him) is one of the most prominent Hadiths in Islam. The text of the Hadith as it is reported: “While we were sitting with the Messenger of Allah (peace and blessings of Allah be upon him) one day, a man with very white clothes and very black hair appeared before us. No signs of travel were visible on him, and none of us knew him. He sat down next to the Prophet (peace and blessings of Allah be upon him), leaned his knees against his knees, placed his hands on his thighs, and said: O Muhammad, tell me about Islam. The Messenger of Allah (peace and blessings of Allah be upon him) said: Islam is to testify that there is no god but Allah and that Muhammad is the Messenger of Allah, to establish prayer, to pay zakat, to fast Ramadan, and to perform Hajj to the House if you are able to do so. He said: You have spoken the truth. We were amazed that he asked him and we believed him. He said: Tell me about faith. He said: It is to believe in Allah, His angels, His books, His messengers, and the Last Day, and to believe in destiny, both good and bad. He said: You have spoken the truth.
The famous Kabyle writer Mouloud Feraoun, cowardly assassinated by the OAS in 1962, would have said: "It is only when we become another that we can know who we are."
The famous Tower of Pisa is now so seriously off plumb that Italy is taking special measures to keep it from collapsing.
The famous actor and heartbreaker admits that he's finally settled down.
The famous actress received fan mail.
The famous air-gun of Von Herder will embellish the Scotland Yard Museum, and once again Mr. Sherlock Holmes is free to devote his life to examining those interesting little problems which the complex life of London so plentifully presents.
The famous author created another best-selling book.
The famous building, the Taj Mahal, is in India.
The famous conductor lives in New York.
The famous doctor made a speech on AIDS.
The famous environmental principle says, "Whoever contaminates, pays."
The famous golfer just published a book called "Perfecting your swing."
The famous hotel was practically destroyed by a large fire.
The famous number pi is approximately equal to 3.14159.
The famous oil painting was sold at the auction for 2 million dollars.
The famous pianist smiled.
The famous poet attempted to commit suicide in his library.
The famous song "Ave Maria" was composed by Schubert.
The famous watercolor painting hung in a museum.
The famous white-sand beaches of Hawaii, for example, actually come from the poop of parrotfish. The fish bite and scrape algae off of rocks and dead corals with their parrot-like beaks, grind up the inedible calcium-carbonate reef material (made mostly of coral skeletons) in their guts, and then excrete it as sand.
The famous writer dedicated his new book to his spouse.
The fan asked for his autograph.
The fan can't spin fast enough.
The fan doesn't rotate.
The fan doesn't work.
The fan fell off the ceiling.
The fan in my computer is very loud.
The fan is broken.
The fan is making a strange noise.
The fan is making a whirring sound.
The fan is making noise.
The fan is over my head.
The fan is set incorrectly.
The fan propeller is broken.
The fan stopped spinning but I was able to fix it with oil.
The fan will cool the room down.
The fan won't stop.
The fancy restaurant has become a dive.
The fandom has been slowly expanding its mild presence in media geared towards the general public.
The fanny pack is back in style.
The fans all hope the club changes the manager.
The fans all hope the club will change the manager.
The fans and detractors are both right.
The fans cheered as Gabriel waved to them from the tour bus.
The fans cheered for their team.
The fans cheered.
The fans have air horns that they blow every time their team scores.
The fans have been amazing.
The fans of that football club deserve better.
The fans of that team are very fanatical.
The fans sought to shake the actress's hand.
The fans sought to shake the actress’s hand.
The fans want to get their autographs.
The fans watched him kick the ball into the goal.
The fans went silent as they nervously watched the penalty shootout between the two teams.
The fans were ecstatic about the win.
The far left and far right are more alike than you'd think.
The far side of the moon is rougher and more cratered than the side we see from Earth.
The fare is one dollar each way.
The fare you pay depends on the number of zones in which you travel.
The farewell party will be given next week.
The farewell party will take place next week.
The farm abuts on the road.
The farm also serves as a training center for aspiring farmers who want to learn how to grow — and market — sustainable produce.
The farm boy accidentally overturned the pickup truck loaded with wheat.
The farm cats and the dog all sleep together on cold winter nights.
The farm grows potatoes.
The farm house has mysteriously turned white.
The farm includes 160 acres.
The farm is built at the bottom of the hill.
The farm is on fire!
The farm is surrounded by a stone wall.
The farm is three miles beyond the river.
The farm owner has a large farm.
The farm production of this year is better than we expected.
The farm was bought by a wealthy salesman who had once served as the object of laughter and mockery when he was offered beer in a stocking.
The farm workers unloaded the truck.
The farm!
The farm-girl would be his lady.
The farmer and his family live in the countryside.
The farmer attempts to churn milk.
The farmer brings us fresh milk every morning.
The farmer carefully worked his land.
The farmer caught the boy stealing the apples in his orchard.
The farmer could leave no wealth to his sons.
The farmer cultivated nutritious alfalfa for livestock.
The farmer cultivates a variety of crops.
The farmer dug a hole so he could plant a tree.
The farmer employed five new workers.
The farmer entered the pigsty.
The farmer feeds alfalfa to his dairy cattle.
The farmer got up at sunrise and worked till sunset.
The farmer grew carrots, cabbage, onions and beetroot. But he found that potatoes grew better than the other vegetables in the combination of sea and fresh water. Mr. Van Rijsselberghe says four kinds of these potatoes were recently sent to Pakistan, where thousands of hectares of land have been damaged by salinization. Farmers in Pakistan will test the Dutch potatoes to see if they can be grown in those fields.
The farmer had a suntanned face.
The farmer had several of his sheep killed by feral dogs.
The farmer harnessed the ox for work.
The farmer has a large amount of land.
The farmer has sown barley.
The farmer heard the loud barks and jumped out of bed. Taking his gun, he leaped to the window and shouted: "What's the matter?"
The farmer in the Philippines relies on his carabao to plow the rice fields.
The farmer is scattering seeds over the field.
The farmer is trying to churn milk.
The farmer keeps his tractor in the barn.
The farmer liked to keep them busy.
The farmer lives in a cottage in the countryside.
The farmer longs for the day when the grain ripens.
The farmer looked at Tony, "How old are you, boy?" he asked.
The farmer lost two head of cattle.
The farmer pitched the hay onto the wagon.
The farmer planted barley.
The farmer plants the corn in the spring.
The farmer ploughed his field all day.
The farmer plowed his field all day.
The farmer prodded cattle with a goad.
The farmer regretted having wasted some wheat.
The farmer rose at sunrise and worked till sunset.
The farmer said that the churning was tough.
The farmer scattered the wheat seeds in the field.
The farmer seeded the field with wheat.
The farmer sells milk for ten cents a litre.
The farmer should use a new fertiliser.
The farmer siloed the harvested grain for the winter.
The farmer sowed barley.
The farmer sowed his field with wheat.
The farmer sowed the field with barley.
The farmer that lived nearby came to investigate.
The farmer tilled the soil in the bottom field.
The farmer told me something unexpected.
The farmer took the wheat to the barn.
The farmer used a plow to till the soil.
The farmer uses a different tool for each task.
The farmer uses cow dung to fertilize the fields.
The farmer warned the children not to stomp on the freshly planted crops.
The farmer was patient with the unruly horse.
The farmer was saddened by the loss of the harvest.
The farmer worked his land painstakingly.
The farmer worked until midday, then he went to eat lunch.
The farmer works on the field every day.
The farmer works on the field.
The farmer's market was a hive of activity thanks to a special performance by a regionally famous bluegrass trio.
The farmer's wife threw moldy bread out of kitchen window and the hungry farm cat ran out of the barn to eat it.
The farmer, when he knew what had happened to his son, took an axe with him, went to that snake, and cut off its tail.
The farmers are busy working in the fields.
The farmers are expecting a good harvest this year.
The farmers are forced to produce the crops in the greenhouse.
The farmers are planting barley.
The farmers are planting rice.
The farmers are tilling their fields.
The farmers are working in the field.
The farmers brought back good fruits.
The farmers complained that because of the dry weather there would be a poor harvest of winter grain.
The farmers didn't know what to do.
The farmers didn’t know what to do.
The farmers expect a good harvest this year.
The farmers had brought five oxen and nine cows and twelve little sheep to the village; they wanted to sell them.
The farmers must be happy to hear that.
The farmers must be pleased to hear that.
The farmers quickly plowed the fields.
The farmers upgraded their irrigation system to reduce water wastage and increase crop productivity.
The farmers use water buffalos to plow rice fields.
The farmers were optimistic at first.
The farmers were scattering seed on the fields.
The farmhouse was both large and old.
The farmland was open and flat, except for the solitary house in a cluster of trees.
The farrier fitted the shoe to the horse's hoof while the shoe was hot.
The fart lingered.
The farther I went, the deeper my car sank in the mud.
The farther you go upstream, the shallower the river becomes.
The farthest country I've ever visited was Thailand.
The fascia and soffit were made of some newly developed material.
The fascia was torn and must heal.
The fascist leader tried so hard to form a government.
The fascist regime is panicking.
The fascists are showing up armed, so we better meet them armed.
The fascists are weighing the risks of a bigger offensive.
The fascists made up a version of history that they could be proud of.
The fascists think we're just going to go away if they make life hard enough for us.
The fascists will go to any lengths to cover up evidence of their misdeeds.
The fascists will not win.
The fashion designer flipped through Ziri's new design.
The fashion designer flipped through Ziri's portfolio.
The fashion show was a great success.
The fashion will soon lose favor.
The fashion world is a bubble.
The fast SSD and CPU really make this computer feel snappy during everyday use.
The fast and effective solution for finding the job of your dreams!
The fast fox caught the chicken.
The fast lasts for forty days.
The fast-food chain is adding french fries drizzled with chocolate sauce to its menu in Japan.
The faster the mouse, the bigger the churchyard.
The faster we rub our hands together, the warmer they get.
The faster you act, the faster you'll see results.
The faster you do that, the better.
The faster, the better!
The faster, the better.
The fastest meteoroids move at about 42 kilometers per second.
The fastest runner can't run 100 meters in 9 seconds.
The fastest runner can’t run 100 meters in 9 seconds.
The fastest team wins.
The fastest way to get there is by snowmobile.
The fastest way to heaven is a leap into a deep abyss.
The fastest way to quit smoking is to do it cold turkey.
The fastest way to travel is by plane.
The fat cow has good milk.
The fat girl is eating too much sweets with lots of sugar.
The fat man jumped over the ditch and fell to the ground.
The fat man knows not what the lean thinks.
The fat man mustn’t eat sweets.
The fat priest ate a fat lentil.
The fat white cat sitting on the wall was watching the two of them with sleepy eyes.
The fat will be in the fire.
The fat woman was holding a monkey.
The fat woman, the young couple, the sleeping Indian and the tall man in black, but now skin and flesh and hair had disappeared, and empty eye sockets stared from gleaming white skulls.
The fatal stabbing was sparked by an argument that got out of control.
The fatal thing about paradise is: you can only reach it in a hearse.
The fatal weapon was found in the chamber smeared with blood.
The fatal weapon was found in the chamber smeared with blood. It was the same poniard which Henry should have worn on the wedding-day, and the unhappy sister had probably contrived to secrete on the preceding evening, when it had been shown to her among other articles of preparation for the wedding.
The fate of someone from the lower class like me is to be oppressed and nothing else.
The fate of the Celt in the British Empire bids fair to resemble that of the Greeks among the Romans.
The fate of the country was highly dependent on the new ruler.
The fate of the hostages depends on the result of the negotiation.
The fate of the treasure remains a mystery to this day.
The fate of these sentences is to remain in orphanhood, because those who want to adopt them can't, and those who can adopt them don't want to.
The father always worked a lot.
The father and his son look a lot alike.
The father and his son were very alike.
The father and son met after a long separation.
The father and the son are very similar to each other.
The father and the son will be tried for homicide.
The father asked for revenge against the man who deflowered his daughter.
The father brought a ball to his child and the child played with it.
The father called for his son.
The father called out for his son.
The father carried his son bodily from the room.
The father does not impugn her ability to be a good mother.
The father doesn't beat his son.
The father doesn't work.
The father gave his own life in order to save his daughter's.
The father had a fit and yelled into the phone, "come to the house now! Now! Now!"
The father had an outburst and screamed in the telephone, "come to the house immediately! Immediately! Immediately! Immediately!"
The father had lost track of his daughter.
The father had met the sergeant last year.
The father had trouble communicating with his wayward son.
The father has grey eyes.
The father hit her.
The father hugged his children.
The father immediately came back home.
The father immediately went back home.
The father is a man and the mother is a woman.
The father is a tailor.
The father is always uncertain.
The father is arrested.
The father is cooking the meal now in the kitchen.
The father is educating his son.
The father is good.
The father is in good health.
The father is together with his son, how cozy it is!
The father is very healthy.
The father is very tired.
The father is watering the flowers.
The father isn't reading a book, he's writing a letter.
The father kisses the mother.
The father left all his money to his daughters.
The father lost his job and depression drove him crazy.
The father lost his job and depression drove him sick.
The father of a father is a grandfather, a grandfather's father is a great-grandfather, a great-grandfather's father is a great-great-grandfather, but no word has been decided upon for the generations before great-great-grandfather.
The father of a father is a grandfather, a grandfather’s father is a great-grandfather, a great-grandfather’s father is a great-great-grandfather, but no word has been decided upon for the generations before great-great-grandfather.
The father of a parent is a grandfather.
The father of my wife is my father-in-law.
The father of the conlang Lojban is Loglan.
The father of this president was also a president.
The father picks his socks scattered around the room.
The father recovered.
The father said little to his daughters.
The father said little to his sons.
The father shaves his beard.
The father shouted at his son.
The father sorrowfully buried his son.
The father told his son that he was unable to rid himself of any of his wealth.
The father told his son that his studies had been completed then so he should go outside and work instead of getting food at home for free.
The father told the children a nice story.
The father took his place at the head of the table.
The father took the boy by the hand and helped him across the street.
The father wants to write.
The father was a Korean War veteran.
The father was a veteran of the Korean War.
The father was angry with his son for doing such a silly thing.
The father was the one who cut the cord.
The father washes his face.
The father went fishing.
The father went out to fish.
The father will look after her all by himself.
The father works.
The father wouldn't accept his daughter's boyfriend.
The father wouldn’t accept his daughter’s boyfriend.
The father yelled at his son because the latter was drunk.
The father yelled at his son due to being drunk.
The father yelled at his son.
The father's heart rejoiced to see that son who, eager for knowledge, learned so quickly and grew surely to become a learned priest, a true prince among the men of knowledge of his caste.
The father, who is on a business trip, always writes to his son.
The father-in-law is the black sheep.
The fathers are there.
The fathers have eaten sour grapes, and the children's teeth are set on edge.
The fathers of modern science – Copernicus, Galileo, Kepler, Newton, Boyle, and many others – saw clear evidence of design in the universe and, in fact, were inspired to discover the laws of nature by their faith in a transcendent lawgiver.
The fathers will be very happy.
The fathers work.
The fatigue had nearly exhausted him, and the sharks only waited for the first quiet moment to swallow their victim.
The fatwa against Salman Rushdie leading to his stabbing is proof that words can indeed be violence.
The faucet detects the hands and then the water comes out.
The faucet handle is leaking.
The faucet hasn't been used for years.
The faucet in the bathroom's out of order.
The faucet in the kitchen is dripping.
The faucet is dripping.
The faucet is leaking.
The faucet was broken, so I wasn't able to use it.
The faucet was dripping all throughout the night.
The faucets spontaneously turned on.
The fault has been repaired.
The fault is his own.
The fault is mine alone.
The fault is mine.
The fault is not mine but yours.
The fault is on the communists!
The fault is on the part of my father.
The fault isn't yours.
The fault of another is a good teacher.
The fault was fixed.
The fault was repaired.
The fault was traced partly to a missing hyphen in communications software.
The favor of a reply is requested.
The favorite sport of the French is soccer.
The favourite sport of the French is football.
The fawn blended seamlessly into the foliage.
The fawn bolted from its hiding place.
The fawn was taken to a local wildlife care facility for treatment.
The fax machine in my car is not working.
The façade of that house is a nightmare.
The façade of this building is bizarre. What the architect was thinking I don't know.
The fear got Yuri in a second.
The fear in Gunter’s eyes grew.
The fear in his eyes frightened me.
The fear in your eyes betrays the lie on your tongue.
The fear makes the wolf bigger than what it is.
The fear of God is the start of wisdom.
The fear of contempt almost made me downright give up continuing my work.
The fear of failure is one of the most common fears in the world.
The fear of failure is one of the most widespread fears in the world.
The fear of failure looms over me.
The fear of getting old is a slow burning fear that consumes me.
The fear of making a mistake is the purest source of mistakes.
The fear of not meeting their standards haunts her.
The fear of sleeping alone often leads to restless nights and disrupted sleep patterns.
The fear of some divine and supreme powers keeps men in obedience.
The fear of speaking in public is the most common phobia in the world.
The fear of the Lord is the beginning of knowledge, but fools despise wisdom and instruction.
The fear of the Lord is the beginning of knowledge.
The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom.
The fear takes over him.
The fear we felt at the earthquake was beyond description.
The fearful noise astonished anyone coming for the first time.
The fearless kayaker paddled through the exhilarating whitewater rapids.
The feast began at five o'clock in the afternoon.
The feast of Ravenswood Castle was as remarkable for its profusion as that of Wolf's Crag had been for its ill-veiled penury.
The feast was grand, and every feaster left with a full belly and a happy heart.
The feast was so boring that I took flight almost immediately.
The feast was to last all night.
The feather floated gently to the ground.
The feather quivered with each gust of wind.
The feathered balls you hit with a battledore are the seeds of a large tree called 'soapberry'.
The feathered balls you hit with a battledore are the seeds of a large tree called ’soapberry’.
The feathered headdress was magnificent.
The feathered mask concealed his identity.
The feckless liberals did nothing to stop fascism from taking over.
The federal budget was narrowly approved by Congress.
The federal government bailed out the banks.
The federal government has banned Australians from flying overseas.
The federal government has pushed the idea that a nation of homeowners is ideal.
The federal government is built so that each of the three branches can't become more powerful than the others.
The federal government is looking at quickly sending money directly to Americans to soften the economic blow from the coronavirus pandemic.
The federal government said in May it was legal for employers to require their workers to get vaccinated.
The federal parliament has passed a new law today.
The federal parliament passed a new law today.
The federally sponsored National Horticulture Mission also offers assistance to the farmers with money, organic production facilities and improved seeds.
The fedora doesn't work for you, Tom.
The feds raided Tom's office.
The fee includes the payment for professional services needed to complete the survey.
The fee was increased.
The fee was put up.
The fee went up.
The feeble patient is suffering from stomach cancer.
The feed is special because of what it doesn't have: no growth hormones, no animal by-products, no steroids, no chemical de-wormers, and no antibiotics.
The feedback from our customers reinforces our belief that we're moving forward successfully.
The feedback was good.
The feel of velvet makes me sick to my stomach.
The feeling grew stronger.
The feeling has only gotten stronger.
The feeling is egodystonic.
The feeling is mutual.
The feeling is probably mutual.
The feeling is strong between us.
The feeling of awkwardness did not leave me.
The feeling of being watched is one of the most unnerving things to me.
The feeling of being watched went away.
The feeling of desolation entered my heart; I sorrowed in tears, and life almost became a weariness.
The feeling of fear prompted Robert to walk faster.
The feeling of loneliness is overwhelmingly and overcrushingly present in my daily life.
The feeling of powerlessness overwhelms me.
The feeling still didn't go away.
The feeling was gone entirely.
The feeling was incredible.
The feeling was mutual.
The feeling was really strong.
The feeling's mutual.
The feelings of "love at first sight" and "faithful unto death" are unrealistic; this sort of unrealistic and illusory feeling is not what we need.
The feelings of others are like kryptonite for Tom.
The feelings which he could not but entertain towards Lucy Ashton had to support a severe conflict against those which he had so long nourished against her father.
The felines run in the savannah.
The fella is getting married, he's off the market!
The fellow is here.
The fellow must be at least twenty years younger than she is!
The fellow standing over there is my friend.
The female Hamburger favored rubbers.
The female Marten forms a nest of grass among the rocks, in a hollow tree, or utilises an old crow's nest by relining it, and produces a litter of four or five—sometimes varied in number from two to seven—and there are at least two litters each year.
The female armor in this video game is so skimpy.
The female armor sets in this video game are basically bikinis.
The female bear fled with her cubs.
The female bear was breastfeeding its young.
The female calf is underweight at about 30 kilograms.
The female cat went into heat.
The female dragonfly deposits her eggs below the water's surface.
The female dung beetle lays its egg inside the dung ball.
The female experience is a dominating theme in Mary's poetry.
The female giraffe is in heat and ready to mate.
The female giraffe is on heat.
The female giraffe is ready to mate.
The female giraffe keeps a close watch over its calf.
The female giraffe was on heat.
The female ladybug lays eggs on the leaves of plants, which molt to nymphs and then to adults.
The female loves to play man against man, and if she is in a position to do it there is not one who will not resist. The male, for all his bravado and exploration, is the loyal one, the one who generally feels love. The female is skilled at betrayal and torture and damnation. Never envy a man his lady. Behind it all lays a living hell.
The female mantis devours the male after copulation.
The female moth is releasing its scent into the air.
The female moth waits for the cover of darkness to lay her eggs.
The female police officer was in fear for her life.
The female pupils are in the lecture room.
The female singer that you were in love with when you were a child has died of cancer.
The female stag beetle lays eggs into rotten wood.
The female student that sat in front of the teacher is from Germany.
The female students are in the classroom.
The female tarantula wasn't in a romantic mood.
The female teacher will begin studying English this year.
The female then incubates the clutch of two pinkish eggs.
The female warrior's armor seemed to leave many parts of her body unprotected.
The femoral head is a round knob of bone at the top of the femur, also known as the thigh bone.
The fence fell with a great crash.
The fence has just been painted.
The fence is freshly painted.
The fence is painted green.
The fence is part wood and part stone.
The fence is rotting because it hasn't been painted for years.
The fence kept them out.
The fence marked the boundary.
The fence needed painting.
The fence needs to be painted.
The fence post shattered.
The fence started to shake a little.
The fence was caught with the stolen goods.
The fence was made of wood.
The fence was not high enough to keep the wolves out.
The fence was painted by my father.
The fence will be painted by Tom tomorrow.
The fence will be painted by him tomorrow.
The fencing competition is taking place in Algiers.
The fender was badly dented.
The fenders on those cars are damaged.
The fermentations which are most important in the tannery are, firstly, the ordinary putrefaction which attacks hides as well as other animal matter, and which is usually a complicated process carried on by many sorts of bacteria and other micro-organisms.
The fern fronds drooped gracefully.
The ferret is asleep.
The ferret slunk between the bars of the gate.
The ferret's asleep.
The ferries are powered solely by the natural current of the Rhine.
The ferry came into port.
The ferry has come into port.
The ferry has entered port.
The ferry started to move and we were across in half an hour.
The fertility Goddess is rising. She will crush all evil with each footstep.
The fertility Goddess will crush each priest for the lies and gaslighting of humankind.
The fervour of his imagination melts down and renders malleable, as in a furnace, the most contradictory materials.
The festival came to an end.
The festival honors San Domenico di Sora for miraculously removing snakes from farmers' fields in the 11th Century.
The festival is free to attend.
The festival is free.
The festival is held annually under the aegis of the city council.
The festival is held in the second week of January every year.
The festival is looked forward to by the villagers.
The festival is taking place in Kabylie.
The festival is truly a uniting event.
The festival of Sohray is in this month.
The festival sold out within two hours.
The festival starts October 20th.
The festival was a great success.
The festival was created in 1869 and was organized by the millers.
The festival was far from dull.
The festival was not well organised.
The festival where normally thousands of people witness the tough travel of pearl mullet every year and also celebrate and welcome the season was cancelled.
The festival will be held in the garden, unless it rains.
The festival will be held next week.
The festival will start tomorrow.
The festival witnessed an unusually large attendance.
The festival works to highlight not only music, but also graffiti, DJing and dance.
The festive mood was slightly spoiled by terrorist bombs.
The festivities were held as usual this year, extending through most of February, precisely when the coronavirus was taking a foothold in America.
The festivities were held as usual this year.
The festoon lights were draped over the terrace space.
The feta cheese in Benedito's salad adds the perfect tangy flavor.
The fete, known as "White Night," is part of a plan by the city management to make life in the City of Light more fun.
The fetid smell came from the dead rat in the corner.
The fetus is nine months old when it comes out of its mother's womb into the world.
The fetuses were all gone.
The feud continues.
The feud is over.
The fever has abated.
The fever has dropped.
The fever has gone.
The fever has risen.
The fever has subsided.
The fever is giving me chills.
The fever left him bedridden.
The fever persists in you.
The fever still grips him.
The fever still grips me.
The few Kabyles who are against the independence of Kabylia is more out of fear and cowardice than out of conviction, because who would like to be under the domination of a tyrant or even a tyrannosaurus?
The few athletes who took part in the race had to undergo strict testing protocols before and after entering Japan, and were largely restricted to their hotel rooms unless they were training.
The few friends Gabor had made him feel totally special.
The few men he found who were willing to work were not nearly enough.
The few minutes dragged on to what felt like half an hour.
The fewer applications are open at the same time, the better for your computer.
The fewer languages, the better.
The fewer people who know, the better.
The fewer sappers die, the fewer we'll have to train.
The fewer who know about it, the better.
The fewer who know, the better.
The fewer words, the better.
The fewer, the better.
The fibonacci sequence makes numerous appearances throughout the natural world.
The fibrous bark can be used to make ropes.
The fiction reduced girls to tears.
The fictional town of Middlemarch in George Eliot's novel of the same name is based on Coventry.
The fictional universes of the Star Wars franchise and the Star Trek franchise are full of aliens, unlike the all-human galaxy of Isaac Asimov's Foundation Series.
The fictional, suave British spy has charmed two generations of audiences, male and female.
The fictions of genius are often the vehicles of the sublimest verities, and its flashes often open new regions of thought, and throw new light on the mysteries of our being.
The field has a problematic history.
The field has already been sown.
The field has changed significantly over the last few decades.
The field is covered in nice green grass.
The field is covered with snow.
The field is crying out for rain.
The field is directly behind Ziri's house.
The field is full of butterflies.
The field is full of people.
The field is full of wild flowers.
The field is now covered with snow.
The field is over 300 hectares big.
The field is surrounded by barbed wire.
The field marshal leads an entire army.
The field measures more than 300 acres.
The field mice were eating up the farmers' grain.
The field mice were eating up the farmers’ grain.
The field of biology has made great strides in recent years.
The field of my research specialty is sociology.
The field of physics has changed significantly over the last few decades.
The field of synthetic biology has the potential to revolutionize the way we live.
The field of synthetic biology is constantly producing new breakthroughs and innovations.
The field of systems biology seeks to understand the complex interactions between biological systems.
The field passed on by my father has grown into a forest.
The field spoke!
The field was blanketed with vibrant alfalfa.
The field was full of lavender flowers.
The field was full of tall grass.
The field was owned by a local farmer named Gustavo.
The field was quiet.
The field was rank with weeds.
The field was uncultivated.
The field was white as far as the eye could see.
The field where we used to play ball is now all built up.
The field which is concerned with the search for extraterrestrial life has come to be called "exobiology."
The fielder failed to catch the ball.
The fields abound in wild flowers.
The fields are covered with blinding snow.
The fields are dry.
The fields dry up, and the soil cracks.
The fields lay covered with deep snow.
The fields lay thickly covered with snow.
The fields must be ploughed quickly.
The fields need rain.
The fields were blanketed in golden oats.
The fields were covered by heavy snow.
The fields were quite flooded.
The fields yielded a good harvest.
The fierce pounding of the waves during the storm washed tonnes of shoreline into the ocean.
The fierce repression left the country in shock.
The fifteenth most common letter in Esperanto is "p".
The fifteenth most common letter in Esperanto is P.
The fifteenth of Shevat is the "Festival of Trees."
The fifth and final client arrived at 2:00 PM and said he was feeling really tired.
The fifth column is beginning to leave Russia. The first four "columns" — leading intellectuals, scientists, engineers, real political opposition — emigrated long ago. Only patriots, old men and gendarmes still remain in the country.
The fifth day is Friday.
The fifth game, fifth draw. Carlsen 2.5 Nepo 2.5. No emotions so far. Will this continue until the end? Tomorrow, Thursday is a free day.
The fifth graders play against the teachers.
The fifth of May is the day when Napoleon died.
The fifth volume of this set is missing.
The fig jam has cooled off.
The fig jam is almost ready.
The fig jam is not yet thick.
The fig jam is still warm.
The fig jam isn't ready yet.
The fig jam was delicious.
The fig provided shade this year.
The fig tree hath put forth her green figs: the vines in flower yield their sweet smell.
The fig tree is full of figs.
The fig tree lost its leaves.
The fig tree, the grapevine, and the banana tree have broad leaves.
The fig was oozing latex.
The fight against dehumanization and racism demands our vigilance.
The fight against hate speech requires collective action.
The fight began with the rapid exchange of blows.
The fight begins now.
The fight continued.
The fight continues!
The fight continues.
The fight didn't last long.
The fight ended in a draw.
The fight ended without anyone being hurt.
The fight ended without anyone getting hurt.
The fight for civil rights in the United States started in 1954, when the government said school had to be open to everyone.
The fight for vaccination has begun.
The fight goes on.
The fight had settled nothing.
The fight is on.
The fight is over.
The fight lasted three seconds.
The fight resulted in several arrests.
The fight seems rather lopsided.
The fight takes place only on the dark diagonals.
The fight was fixed.
The fight was incredibly easy.
The fight was only broadcast on pay-per-view.
The fight was over.
The fight was painful for us to watch.
The fight was started by Sami.
The fight was started by Tom.
The fight wasn't fair.
The fight went on for a time.
The fighter courageously looked death in the face.
The fighter has taken off for a state of emergency.
The fighter jet engaged its afterburner for extra thrust.
The fighter jet used the afterburner to elude the enemy aircraft.
The fighter jet was ready for public view.
The fighter jets were forming up for an attack.
The fighter plane released its bombs.
The fighter protects the path of big feet.
The fighter toughened up for the bout.
The fighters found a very small supply of oil in the religious building, or temple, and used it to keep a menorah lit for eight days.
The fighters of the Polsiario Front are determined to fight to the last man to restore Western Sahara's independence.
The fighting grew bloodier.
The fighting in Ukraine cannot go on forever.
The fighting is done, feasting begun, a saga well spun.
The fighting lasted about three months.
The fighting lasted one week.
The fighting there lasted several days.
The fighting was ferocious.
The figs are almost ripe.
The figs are fully ripe.
The figs are in front of you.
The figs are in the kitchen.
The figs are nice and ripe.
The figs are not fully mature.
The figs are not fully ripe.
The figs are savory.
The figs are starting to change colors.
The figs are tiny and not ready to be picked.
The figs from her garden taste delicious.
The figs got moldy.
The figs in the bag haven't been washed yet.
The figs in the bag haven't yet been washed.
The figs in the bag still haven't been washed.
The figs of Atush are sweet and juicy.
The figs on the market are too dear.
The figs on the market are too expensive.
The figs stayed fresh.
The figurative meaning is no longer in current use.
The figure Ziri saw in the woods was at least four feet tall.
The figure disappeared from view.
The figure disappeared when Kalman woke up.
The figure got on all fours and ran away very quickly.
The figure had no lips.
The figure had the vague shape of a man, but it wasn't a man.
The figure has now vanished.
The figure indicates approximately two thirds of the freshmen are indifferent to politics.
The figure of a warrior is highlighted in that huge painting.
The figure of the queen was designed one-dimensionally during most of the time in history. Only at the very end did it get some depth.
The figure on the left spoils the unity of the painting.
The figure the child drew on the paper was a five-pointed star.
The figure turned as he addressed it, and displayed to his wondering eyes the features, not of Lucy Ashton, but of old blind Alice.
The figure was just an elk.
The figure was slow and jerky.
The figure was watching Ziri intently.
The figure will be astronomical.
The figure withdrew when Janos noticed it.
The figures add up to 230.
The figures and grotesque masks decorating the modillions are interesting.
The figures are a little better today.
The figures are exactly alike.
The figures are impressive.
The figures are incredible.
The figures are staggering.
The figures at Madame Tussauds are very lifelike, and appear to have no semblance of waxiness to them.
The figures began to walk closer and closer to our RV.
The figures clearly show a steady improvement.
The figures didn't look human at all.
The figures don't lie.
The figures for recidivism rates among murderers cited in the newspaper appear to have been taken out of thin air.
The figures in this table are shown in thousands.
The figures speak for themselves.
The file I need seems to have been deleted.
The file cabinet drawers are open.
The file doesn't open.
The file format JPEG stands for joint photographics experts group.
The file has been sent.
The file is 5 gigabytes large.
The file is corrupt.
The file is incomplete.
The file is seven megabytes.
The file is still downloading.
The file is too big to download.
The file is too large, it can’t be sent by e-mail.
The file is weighing 7 megabytes.
The file landed on Gabor's desk.
The file must be ready for tomorrow.
The file of Sami's research are gone.
The file that I need seems to have been deleted.
The file was overwritten with garbage data when the disk was erased.
The file was stolen.
The file won't open.
The files are in proper order.
The files are missing.
The files that you are downloading from this website may contain malware.
The filet mignon at Benedito's restaurant is juicy and tender.
The filing cabinet drawers are open.
The filing deadline was Monday.
The filly was named "Comet" because she was so fast.
The film Biutiful melted my heart.
The film I told you about has been released.
The film attracted large audiences.
The film began at 2.
The film began in an apartment.
The film begins at ten o'clock.
The film captivated the whole audience.
The film considers real social issues.
The film crew is on their fifth take because the actress keeps flubbing her lines.
The film dazzles with its special effects, but filmmaker Marc Webb says the superhero's optimism and youthfulness are the biggest draw for young people.
The film depicted a hidden facet of Berber life in the beginning of 1900s.
The film depicts a China that's strong but benevolent — ready to fight but doing so in the name of justice and peace.
The film director went to Algeria before he began to make the movie.
The film director, Alain Resnais, died in Paris on Saturday.
The film doesn't make any sense.
The film ends at five.
The film expands on the idea of the importance of family.
The film first arrived on the big screen in 1999.
The film flopped at the box office.
The film focuses on two teenage sisters who have a fascination with death.
The film gained her popularity.
The film had a great beginning, but the ending wasn't believable.
The film had already started when we arrived.
The film had incredible special effects, but its story was serviceable at best.
The film has a happy outcome.
The film has already started.
The film has already won a prestigious award.
The film has debuted at 120 festivals and won nearly as many awards.
The film has nothing to do with the book.
The film has since developed a cult following.
The film hasn't started yet.
The film he was in didn't achieve the success expected.
The film he was in didn't achieve the success that had been hoped for it.
The film in which he played a part didn't achieve the success hoped for it.
The film is a failure.
The film is a flop.
The film is a simple story cloaked in garish splendour.
The film is about that.
The film is based on real events.
The film is being hailed as an example of the Afro-futurism movement, which blends science fiction and African tradition to reimagine the past and visualize what is to come.
The film is boring.
The film is dedicated to the veterans of the Great Patriotic War.
The film is fantastic.
The film is going over big with audiences.
The film is in Arabic, and I don't know a word of Arabic.
The film is interesting.
The film is just about to start.
The film is leading the viewership rankings by far.
The film is long.
The film is masterfully interwoven.
The film is set in a post-apocalyptic, dystopian future.
The film is set in the present day.
The film is starting in a few minutes.
The film isn't as interesting as the original.
The film lasted 2 hours.
The film made us laugh, but it was not really exciting to watch.
The film moved her to tears.
The film received favourable criticism.
The film received favourable reviews.
The film received mainly positive reviews.
The film received mixed reviews.
The film received mostly negative reviews.
The film relates the tragic fate of the slaves in the eighteenth century.
The film scooped up three awards at the Cannes film festival.
The film served as a launching pad.
The film should have already started.
The film shown on the museum's huge planetarium screen examines myths and rituals of the ancient Maya in southern Mexico and Central America.
The film shows how a meek, marginalized man who suffers from mental health disorders is driven by society into a downward spiral, turning into a homicidal maniac.
The film skips the whole story of the dead boy.
The film started at 2 o'clock.
The film started at 2 o’clock.
The film started at two o'clock.
The film starts at 8.
The film starts at ten.
The film starts in a few minutes.
The film stayed faithful to the book.
The film takes us back to World War II.
The film traces the main milestones in the life of the scientist.
The film was a bit disappointing.
The film was a bit of a let-down.
The film was a flop.
The film was a great success.
The film was a hit across the world.
The film was a huge success.
The film was a lot better than I expected it to be.
The film was a special-effects extravaganza.
The film was a worldwide success.
The film was based on a true story.
The film was better than I expected it to be.
The film was developed using the open source operating system Linux and Blender, a free and open source 3D creation suite.
The film was dubbed in Berber.
The film was entertaining.
The film was funny.
The film was good.
The film was hugely successful.
The film was inspired by the novel of the same title.
The film was interesting, which I hoped it would be.
The film was interesting.
The film was long-winded, in his opinion.
The film was much better than I had expected.
The film was much better than I'd expected it to be.
The film was much better than expected.
The film was not a hit in Japan.
The film was not a success in Japan.
The film was not what I had thought it was.
The film was quite long.
The film was really boring.
The film was very long and boring.
The film wasn't as good as I'd expected.
The film wasn't that great.
The film we incidentally watched yesterday was well worth watching.
The film will be showing from tomorrow on.
The film will delight and enchant you.
The film â€œHelveticaâ€ is not so much about one particular typeface as it is about the last fifty years in Western graphic design.
The film “Helvetica” is not so much about one particular typeface as it is about the last fifty years in Western graphic design.
The film's about to start.
The film's adaptation captivated everyone.
The film's ending was too quotidian.
The film's got nothing to do with the book.
The film's plot recalls a similar journey made by the author early in his writing career.
The film's starting.
The filmmaker's goal is to entertain, while also making her audience think.
The filmmakers can only speculate why McQueen, who struggled with drug addiction, took his life.
The films shown in this modest cinema had an intermission during which the projectionist changed the reel.
The filter is clogged.
The filters need changing.
The filters need to be changed.
The final and most unpleasant part of the journey was the route through the marsh.
The final assembly location had not been decided before this proposal was rejected.
The final boss was a pushover.
The final decision rests with the president.
The final decision rests with the students themselves.
The final delusion is the belief that one has lost all delusions.
The final destination is the Algiers Port.
The final exams are approaching.
The final exams will probably carry over into next month.
The final factor that will determine whether COVID-19 can be defeated once and for all is whether it lives in another animal, known as a reservoir, from which it can reinfect people.
The final game was postponed till tomorrow.
The final game was postponed to tomorrow.
The final game was postponed until tomorrow.
The final girl in the slasher's name is Mary.
The final is tomorrow.
The final match of the 2018 World Cup will be played on Sunday, July 15.
The final match was not so exciting.
The final outcome is catastrophic.
The final outcome will also depend on investigations into alleged election fraud, which some candidates say should invalidate the voting.
The final piece makes up the whole pie.
The final piece was placed in the puzzle.
The final plan differs greatly from the original one.
The final proposal will be announced sometime next week.
The final rejection letter was the straw that broke the camel's back.
The final result will only be announced on Sunday.
The final score of the game was 3 to 1.
The final score of the game was 3–1.
The final score was two to nothing.
The final score wasn't even close.
The final situation has value in the development of the event.
The final step is to add a couple sprigs of parsley on top.
The final stop of Tokaido line is Tokyo.
The final value theorem does not apply if the system is not stable.
The final valve closed.
The final vote was decisive.
The final vowel of a noun or of the definite article can be left out and replaced by an apostrophe.
The final's only goal was scored by Andrés Iniesta.
The finale of "The Sopranos", which aired in 2007, had 11.9 million Americans glued to their TV sets.
The finale was so good, that I rewatched it many times.
The finalized changes include requiring consideration of economic cost when deciding whether to save a species from extinction.
The finals of the championship will be in Mexico.
The finance minister said that Bangladesh has utilized the opportunity of globalization well.
The financial crisis affected all parts of the economy.
The financial crisis affected all sectors of the economy.
The financial crisis has arrived in Brazil.
The financial crisis has left many unemployed.
The financial prospects are excellent.
The financial sector sits in Frankfurt.
The financial situation is getting worse week by week.
The finch's tail is pretty long.
The finch, chickadee, and warbler eat insects.
The finding of God is coming to one's self.
The findings are a warning to conservationists that keeping a small pool of endangered animals could result in inbreeding and genomic meltdown.
The findings are based on a meta-analysis of 10 earlier studies involving 18,000 people in the United States, Canada, Australia and Europe, which looked at the health effects of eating meats that contain nitrates as preservatives.
The findings are downright depressing.
The findings are of stone tools usually associated with Neanderthals and other artifacts. They suggest that the short-armed, thick-torsoed species shared the landscape with their slenderer modern cousins for several thousand years.
The findings have been inconclusive.
The findings have been replicated several times.
The findings hold promise for preventing muscle and bone loss in astronauts on prolonged space trips like Mars missions, as well as people on Earth who are confined to bed or need wheelchairs.
The findings made during MESSENGER’s mission included discovering that Mercury was abundant in volatile elements (potassium, sodium, and sulfur), that there’s water ice at its poles and that volcanism played an important role in shaping the planet’s surface.
The findings of researchers in British Columbia and Quebec, which are thousands of kilometers apart, are almost identical.
The findings of the court have not been made public.
The findings of this study were no surprise.
The findings show that Salmonella bacteria may not spread around the henhouse by simple physical contact. Instead, eating infected flies seems to be the main way for Salmonella to pass from flies to birds.
The findings vindicate warnings by local experts as to the poor quality of water in the nation’s capital.
The fine arts flourished in Italy in the 15th century.
The fine day added to our pleasure.
The fine day added to the pleasure of the picnic.
The fine grammar points behind the izÄfa have mystified the world to this day.
The fine grammar points behind the izāfa have mystified the world to this day.
The fine isn't very high.
The fine shall be paid in cash.
The fine was considerable.
The fine weather added to our pleasure.
The finest achievement for a man of thought is to have fathomed what may be fathomed, and quietly to revere the unfathomable.
The finest wines are those from France.
The finest words in the world are only vain sounds, if you cannot comprehend them.
The finger approaches the tip of the nose.
The finger is broken.
The finger is part of the hand.
The finger is pointed at Muslims.
The fingerprint is a perfect match.
The fingerprints belong to Ivan.
The fingerprints left on the weapon correspond with the suspect's.
The fingerprints left on the weapon correspond with the suspect’s.
The fingerprints left on the weapon match the suspect's.
The fingerprints left on the weapon match the suspect’s.
The fingerprints matched Sami's.
The fingerprints on the gun aren't his.
The fingerprints on the gun match yours.
The fingerprints on the knife attest to her guilt.
The fingers move fast on the keyboard.
The fingers moved quickly over the keys.
The fingers moved quickly over the piano.
The finish line seems to move farther away whenever we get closer.
The finish of the table was perfect.
The finite element method enables us to find approximate solutions of partial differential equations.
The fir, the spruce and the pine are all conifers.
The fire alarm rang just as we were getting ready to sit down to eat.
The fire alarm rang.
The fire alarm sounded.
The fire alarm system must be installed in all stairways and corridors of the building.
The fire alarm was set off.
The fire alarm went off.
The fire and power outage resulted in a shortened workday at some exchanges in Manhattan's financial district.
The fire and power outage resulted in a shortened workday at some exchanges in Manhattan’s financial district.
The fire annihilated four houses in the east of the city.
The fire apparently started in the stairwell.
The fire brigade also took part in the rescue operations during the flood.
The fire brigade arrived to find the house well alight.
The fire brigade arrived within minutes to extinguish the blaze.
The fire brigade did what they could.
The fire brigade had to go out twice this evening.
The fire brigade is in attendance.
The fire brigade prevented a fire.
The fire brigade put out four fires.
The fire brigade was on the scene within five minutes of receiving the call.
The fire brigade was quickly on the scene.
The fire brigade were quickly on the scene.
The fire broke out after the staff went home.
The fire broke out toward midnight.
The fire burned brightly, giving forth a comforting warmth.
The fire burned brightly.
The fire burned down ten houses.
The fire burned down the whole village.
The fire burned for a long time.
The fire burned our house.
The fire burned slowly for days before winds suddenly whipped it up last week and drove it furiously through brush and timber.
The fire burned the resident.
The fire burned the residents.
The fire burned three houses down.
The fire burned through the forest like a monster unleashed.
The fire burned up brightly.
The fire burns.
The fire burnt brightly, and the soft radiance of the incandescent lights in the lilies of silver caught the bubbles that flashed and passed in our glasses.
The fire burnt down four houses in the east of the city.
The fire burnt everything.
The fire burnt ten houses down.
The fire came really close to residential buildings.
The fire caused a lot of damage.
The fire caused a panic in the theater.
The fire caused extensive damage.
The fire caused significant damage to my house.
The fire claimed the lives of many in the village.
The fire consumed Ziri's truck.
The fire consumed the entire forest in hours.
The fire consumed the whole building.
The fire consumed the whole house.
The fire continued to get softer.
The fire continues to spread.
The fire crackled and popped as the logs burned brightly in the hearth.
The fire crackled in the fireplace.
The fire crackled merrily in the fireplace.
The fire crackled when the grains of sand were added to it.
The fire crackled, casting shadows.
The fire crackled.
The fire created a life-threatening situation.
The fire department arrived.
The fire department dispatched several fire apparatus to the scene.
The fire department has more modern vehicles now.
The fire department has to be called out.
The fire department is located right next to the airport.
The fire department is on standby day and night.
The fire department was able to retire early.
The fire department worked hard to keep the flames at bay.
The fire deprived us of our property.
The fire destroyed centuries of history in a single night.
The fire destroyed everything in its path.
The fire destroyed everything.
The fire destroyed ten houses.
The fire destroyed the entire city.
The fire destroyed the tall building.
The fire destroyed the whole city.
The fire destroyed three houses.
The fire devoured the town.
The fire did not burn me.
The fire did not kindle easily.
The fire didn't catch in our field.
The fire died out on its own.
The fire engine is on its way.
The fire extinguisher is red.
The fire feels good.
The fire fighter demonstrated how to put out a fire.
The fire fighter demonstrated how to put out the fire.
The fire fighters put out the fire.
The fire flames are still burning very brightly.
The fire got bigger and bigger.
The fire got out of control.
The fire got out of hand.
The fire gutted the whole building.
The fire had already gone out by the time the fire engine arrived.
The fire had already gone out by the time the fire truck arrived.
The fire had already gone out by the time the firemen arrived.
The fire had spread to the next building before the firemen came.
The fire has almost gone out.
The fire has already been extinguished.
The fire has already been put out.
The fire has been put out.
The fire has burned low, and a soft and solemn light fills the room. Neither of us speaks while the clock strikes twelve. I look out of the window. The heavens are ablaze with light, and somewhere amid those circling constellations I know that a new star has found its place, and is shining with such a ray as never before fell from heaven to earth.
The fire has burned out.
The fire has charred an area of the forested, rural area five times the size of San Francisco and is only 30 percent contained.
The fire has consumed her, and the wind blown her ashes away!
The fire has gone out and this room is cold.
The fire has gone out.
The fire has just been put out.
The fire in the stove has gone out already.
The fire is burning furiously.
The fire is burning.
The fire is dying down.
The fire is dying out.
The fire is dying.
The fire is fully extinguished.
The fire is getting worse.
The fire is going out.
The fire is going out; will you add some wood?
The fire is hot enough to cook food.
The fire is hot enough to cook steak.
The fire is hot enough to cook vegetables.
The fire is hot.
The fire is merciless.
The fire is out.
The fire is remembered in history.
The fire is smoldering.
The fire is spreading quickly.
The fire is spreading to the gas tank.
The fire is spreading.
The fire is still burning very forcefully.
The fire is still burning.
The fire is under control.
The fire isn't very hot, so it won't heat the kettle.
The fire isn’t very hot, so it won’t heat the kettle.
The fire keeps dangerous animals away.
The fire killed 85 people.
The fire killed all the rats.
The fire killed over thirty people.
The fire knocked down the door.
The fire left her with a third-degree burn which took months to fully heal.
The fire left nothing but ashes in its wake.
The fire left nothing but ruins behind.
The fire made a cloud of smoke that covered the city in ashes that, at first, the children thought was snow...until they realized it wasn't cold.
The fire might cause the fuel tank to explode.
The fire miraculously did not spread to the fuel tanks.
The fire must have broken out after the staff had gone home.
The fire must've broken out after the staff had gone home.
The fire never reached Ziri.
The fire never went out.
The fire of ambition burned within her.
The fire offered Felix a false sense of security.
The fire offered Ziri a false sense of security.
The fire originated from carelessness.
The fire personnel entered Ziri's home.
The fire pit was in the middle of the clearing.
The fire quickly spread out.
The fire quickly spread.
The fire raged and consumed the whole village.
The fire raged out of control.
The fire ravaged our villages.
The fire reduced the house to ashes.
The fire reduced the whole village to ashes.
The fire refused to burn.
The fire season has already started.
The fire shot out sparks.
The fire smoldered for hours.
The fire spread and licked the neighboring house.
The fire spread even on water.
The fire spread faster than anyone could imagine.
The fire spread from Tom's bedroom.
The fire spread out in a fan-shape.
The fire spread quickly.
The fire spread rapidly.
The fire spread through our field.
The fire spread throughout the house.
The fire spread to the fuel tanks.
The fire spread very quickly.
The fire sprung to life.
The fire squad helped. There was a flood. They saved people.
The fire started from a recreational vehicle parked next to the building.
The fire started immediately.
The fire started in Dan's room.
The fire started in Tom's bedroom.
The fire started in Tom's room.
The fire started in a wooden ravine.
The fire started in his apartment.
The fire started in his booth.
The fire started in his cabin.
The fire started in his flat.
The fire started in his garage.
The fire started in his house.
The fire started in his room.
The fire started in his studio.
The fire started in the antique store.
The fire started in the bathhouse.
The fire started in the kitchen.
The fire started in the machine room.
The fire started in the stairwell.
The fire started on a sofa in Dan's room.
The fire station is next to the police station.
The fire swallowed up everything.
The fire that broke out last night was judged to be caused by arson.
The fire that caused the disaster broke out on the second floor of the hospital.
The fire that existed between them now seems almost extinguished.
The fire threatened neighboring homes until the building eventually collapsed in on itself.
The fire threatens to spread out.
The fire threw off sparks.
The fire took 13 lives.
The fire took everything they held dear.
The fire took their home and all their memories.
The fire tore Ziri's life apart.
The fire triggered a fire alarm.
The fire truck came quickly.
The fire truck is on its way.
The fire truck is red.
The fire was almost dead.
The fire was already out.
The fire was brought about by children's playing with matches.
The fire was brought about by children’s playing with matches.
The fire was brought under control at about four in the afternoon, but the fire brigade remained in attendance well into the evening.
The fire was burning brightly.
The fire was caused by a cigarette butt that was thrown away by a tourist.
The fire was completely extinguished.
The fire was contained.
The fire was crackling cheerily.
The fire was extinguished at once.
The fire was extinguished quick.
The fire was hot and red.
The fire was on the first floor.
The fire was on the ground floor.
The fire was out.
The fire was put out after the firefighters arrived at the house.
The fire was put out at the cost of a fireman's life.
The fire was put out at the cost of a fireman’s life.
The fire was put out before it got serious.
The fire was put out immediately.
The fire was quickly contained and then extinguished.
The fire was quickly extinguished by the firefighters.
The fire was quickly extinguished.
The fire was quickly put out.
The fire was quickly spotted.
The fire was raging out of control.
The fire was rapidly spreading in the city.
The fire was smoldering ashes by morning.
The fire was so intense that the firemen couldn't get into the house.
The fire was so intense that the firemen couldn’t get into the house.
The fire was soon brought under control.
The fire was soon extinguished.
The fire was soon put out.
The fire was subdued at about four in the afternoon, but the fire service remained in attendance until late in the evening.
The fire was too hot, and the cakes were burned quite black on the bottom.
The fire wasn't his fault. It was ours.
The fire went on for some time before it was brought under control.
The fire went out by itself.
The fire went out during the night.
The fire went out of control.
The fire went out, plunging the room into darkness.
The fire went out.
The fire which caused the disaster broke out on the second floor of the hospital.
The fire which seems extinguished is often dormant under the cinders; whoever wants to revive it may be in for a surprise.
The fire will go out soon.
The fire wiped out the city.
The fire won't light.
The fire's blazing nicely now.
The fire's going out.
The fire, driven by an east wind, destroyed the center of the city.
The fire, fanned by an easterly wind, destroyed the city centre.
The fire, which caused the disaster, broke out on the second floor of the hospital.
The fire, which has been raging for over a week in eastern California, continues to expand.
The firecrackers for New Year's Eve are similar to the firecrackers for weddings.
The firefighter bravely rushed into the burning building.
The firefighter gave some water to the thirsty koala.
The firefighter helped the car-accident victim.
The firefighter is talking about the fire.
The firefighter put out the fire quickly.
The firefighters are still searching for survivors.
The firefighters are trying to bring the flames under control.
The firefighters are trying to put out the flames.
The firefighters arrived in the garage.
The firefighters arrived quickly and saved the family from the burning house.
The firefighters came quickly.
The firefighters contained the fire.
The firefighters could not contain the blaze.
The firefighters could not put out the fire at the industrial plant.
The firefighters couldn't extinguish the fire.
The firefighters couldn't extinguish the flames.
The firefighters did what they could.
The firefighters extinguished the fire.
The firefighters got them out of the lift.
The firefighters had to mobilize quickly to put the fire out.
The firefighters had to pull me out of the car.
The firefighters kept the fire from spreading.
The firefighters lost no time in extinguishing the flames.
The firefighters put out the fire in the blink of an eye.
The firefighters put out the fire on the spot.
The firefighters quickly realized they had to call in the cavalry to control the flames and start making them die down.
The firefighters rescued them from the elevator.
The firefighters were trapped between the flames.
The firefighters work hoping to help.
The fireflies strobed over the rows of young corn on a hot and humid Indiana night.
The firefly was eaten by a toad.
The firefly, the bee, the hummingbird ... With such beings, what do I have in common?
The fireman chopped his way through the door.
The fireman could not extinguish the flames.
The fireman rushed into the burning house.
The fireman soon put the fire out.
The fireman's face was grim when he came out of the burning house.
The firemen attempted to cut Carlos from the wreckage.
The firemen battered down the door.
The firemen broke down the door with an ax.
The firemen couldn't extinguish the flames.
The firemen did what they could.
The firemen had the fire out in no time.
The firemen localized the fire.
The firemen managed to contain the fire.
The firemen protect us from fires.
The firemen quickly extinguished the blaze.
The firemen rushed into the burning house.
The firemen soon put out the fire.
The firemen suffered an accident when they headed towards the fire.
The firemen were prevented from reaching the woman trapped in her house, because of the huge pile of junk she had accumulated over many years.
The firemen’s face was grim when he came out of the burning house.
The fireplace lends coziness to this room.
The fireplace was burning brightly.
The fireplace was the centerpiece of Matthew's rustic cabin in the woods.
The fireplace, lacking firewood, flames already starting to lose their vigour.
The fires are out, millions of dollars are being pledged, and the political will is there to begin restoring Notre Dame.
The fires are spreading.
The fires damaged farmland and livestock, businesses and homes, and there is concern about losses to the island’s biodiversity.
The fires got out of control.
The fires have killed 29 people and an estimated one billion animals, as well as destroying hundreds of homes.
The fireside evoked a pleasant warmth against the chill of mid-winter.
The firestorm will hit in forty seconds.
The firewood crackled in the hearth.
The firewood is over there.
The firewood that Matthew had gathered provided warmth and light to the camp.
The firework show was decently long.
The fireworks are starting.
The fireworks burst in the sky.
The fireworks didn't last very long.
The fireworks display heralds the end of the festival.
The fireworks display was cancelled.
The fireworks lit up the night.
The fireworks lit up the sky, dazzling spectators below.
The fireworks lit up the whole neighborhood and Lorenzo loved it.
The fireworks show was suspended after 30 minutes due to the thunderstorm.
The fireworks started early and ended early.
The fireworks started shooting into the air.
The fireworks went off exactly at midnight.
The fireworks were set off on all sides.
The fireworks yesterday were so pretty.
The firing pin's been removed.
The firm decided to do away with the old machinery.
The firm has a great deal of trust in your ability.
The firm has added 25 new associates to work on mergers and other deals.
The firm has bought some new cars.
The firm has built up a wide reputation for fair dealing.
The firm has changed hands at least three times.
The firm has gone bankrupt.
The firm has its head office in Osaka.
The firm has made large profits from exports.
The firm has opened an office in Boston.
The firm has recently diversified its products so as to extend its market.
The firm is known for its high-quality products.
The firm is under foreign management.
The firm is under investigation.
The firm might have lost all its money if it had taken his advice.
The firm provides its workers with their uniforms, but they are expected to have them regularly cleaned.
The firm publishes educational books.
The firm was heading for bankruptcy.
The firm went bankrupt.
The firm went under due to lack of capital.
The firm's decision to lay off a number of workers was made more palatable by the payment of severance benefits to the affected workers and reassurances that they would be retrained for other jobs.
The firmware update adds full character support for notifications in eighty languages.
The firs in the Haunted Wood were all feathery and wonderful.
The first 'that time of the month' I seem to remember worrying that I was ill, without telling anybody, for two days.
The first 15 games of the BAL season will be played at the Dakar Arena, one of Africa's newest basketball arenas.
The first 24 hours are the hardest.
The first 40 years of childhood are the most difficult.
The first African coronavirus infection has been reported in Egypt.
The first American colonists arrived in the 17th century.
The first Americans came from Asia probably about 15,000 years ago by walking across the Bering land bridge that back connected what is now the U.S. state of Alaska and Siberia.
The first Ceza song I ever heard was "Türk Marşı".
The first Esperanto translations were actually completed before the publication of Esperanto itself!
The first Ferris wheel was built in 1893 in Chicago.
The first Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung was published seventy years ago today.
The first Macintosh PC was released in 1984.
The first Maltese dictionary was published in 1796.
The first Muslims of Trinidad and Tobago came from Africa.
The first Nobel Prizes were awarded in 1901.
The first Nobel's prize was awarded in the year 1901.
The first Pride was a riot.
The first Ptolemy founded a Macedonian or Greek dynasty that maintained supremacy in Egypt until the year 30 B.C.
The first Quranic verse that was revealed to Muhammad, peace be upon him, was "Read."
The first Romanian operetta was performed in Iași in 1848.
The first Spaniard to go to space was with the first Latin American to do the same.
The first Sunday of every month, I visit a Buddhist temple which is near my city.
The first White House fence was made of wood and erected by Thomas Jefferson in the early 1800s.
The first Winter Olympics were held in Chamonix, France, in 1924.
The first World Series was played in 1903.
The first act had been received coldly; the cast was nervous, and the house, critical as a first-night audience always is, had begun to fidget.
The first act has already begun.
The first act wasn't very good.
The first aeroplanes will take off from and land at this airport this summer.
The first aid in case of viper-bite should consist in placing a tight ligature (string or a boot-lace) around the limb above the punctures.
The first air striking unit consisted of 50 Zero fighters, 40 torpedo bombers and 81 dive bombers.
The first airplane flew in 1903 for twelve seconds.
The first airplane was flown a little over a century ago.
The first and favourite amusement of a child, even before it begins to play, is that of imitating the works of man.
The first and last time people were romantically interested in me was in eighth grade.
The first and most common phrase used by everyone, probably including you, is "I don't know."
The first and most necessary part of philosophy is the application of its teachings.
The first and only ice hockey team in Kenya continues to defy the odds by playing and practicing the sport in one of the few ice rinks found across Eastern and Central Africa. This pioneer team is now inspiring a new generation of ice hockey players who hope to expand the sport in Kenya.
The first and second volumes are available online.
The first and the simplest emotion which we discover in the human mind is Curiosity.
The first anime I saw was "Maya the Bee".
The first apples have already started to fall.
The first articulate cry of Bolshevism in Russia after the overthrow of the monarchy was the demand “All power to the Soviets!” which the Bolshevist leaders raised in the summer of 1917 when the Provisional Government was bravely struggling to consolidate the democratic gains of the March Revolution.
The first artificial satellite was Sputnik 1, launched by Russia in 1957.
The first atomic bomb was dropped on Japan.
The first attack missed the target.
The first attempt to fire up the Large Hadron Collider failed, so the second, successful attempt was greeted with a palpable sense of relief and even giddiness from the many physicists who have labored for more than two decades to get this 10-billion-dollar experiment underway.
The first attempt to send you this message was unfortunately unsuccessful. I will try again.
The first attempts at computer translation produced mediocre, if not ridiculous, results. Nowadays, however, there are excellent quality translation algorithms.
The first attempts at computer translations produced mediocre, not to say ridiculous, results. Today, however, there are translator algorithms of very good quality.
The first baseman is the Achilles heel of our team.
The first baseman tagged the runner out.
The first batch of eight African cheetahs was airlifted from Namibia and released in the park in September 2022, marking the beginning of the Indian government’s ambitious Cheetah Introduction Project (CIP) to reintroduce the big cats to India.
The first batter up got a base hit.
The first batter was caught out.
The first beams of sunlight came glistening through the canopy.
The first bill I signed into law was the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act.
The first biodegradable surgical glue for internal use has won approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.
The first biologists worked hard towards the classification of living things.
The first black president of the United States was Barack Obama.
The first blow is half the battle.
The first book that Tom Jackson wrote was a children's book.
The first book was better.
The first boy I ever kissed was Tom.
The first boy to ever kiss Mary was Tom.
The first breakup is the hardest.
The first bus will leave 10 minutes behind time.
The first calculating tool of mankind is called an abacus.
The first car that I really owned was a used yellow Volkswagen Beetle, then later I bought a brand-new black Acura Integra.
The first cases of West Nile virus appeared in the United States in 1999.
The first casualty of every war is the truth.
The first centuries of superluminal space exploration proved that neighbouring space was mostly desert as other life discovered was in a primordial state.
The first checklist was published in 1961.
The first chemical weapons were used by the Germans; the first atomic weapons, by the Americans.
The first chess players I learned to admire were Capablanca, Alekhine, Botwinnik, Tal, Fischer, and Mecking.
The first claim is untrue.
The first class begins at 8:30.
The first client arrived at 10:00 AM and asked for a massage on her back and neck.
The first colonizers of the United States of America were the English and French.
The first computer programmers were women.
The first computers were as big as Tom's room.
The first concern is to patch the holes in the ship, then we can pump out the water.
The first course is soup.
The first day in Paris we saw our friends and the following day we went to the Louvre.
The first day is Monday.
The first day of school is Monday.
The first day of the course he bought the textbook which he needed to do his homework.
The first day of the first month in the Chinese lunar calendar is Spring Festival, the most important festival for the people of China.
The first day of the week is Monday.
The first day of the year began with noise.
The first day shall be holy and solemn, and the seventh day shall be kept with the like solemnity: you shall do no work in them, except those things that belong to eating.
The first day was easy.
The first days are always hard.
The first diaspora to be called one was the Jewish one.
The first dinosaurs were modestly sized, a far cry from the immense dinosaurs of the subsequent Jurassic and Cretaceous Periods.
The first drawbacks concern the changing rooms and the gym equipment.
The first drink is on me!
The first drive-thru restaurant was created in 1947.
The first drops were followed by a heavy rainfall.
The first edition was published ten years ago.
The first eighteen chapters of the original text had much more whitespace between paragraphs than the later chapters.
The first electric calculator came into existence toward the end of the 19th century.
The first electric washing machine was invented in 1907.
The first electronic computer was produced in our country in 1941.
The first electronic computers went into operation in 1945.
The first error deserves forgiveness.
The first evaluation happens soon.
The first exam is done!
The first explorers navigated by the stars.
The first extrasolar planet, Pegasi 51 b, was discovered by astronomers Michel Mayor and Didier Queloz of the University of Geneva, using the ELODIE spectrograph on the Observatoire de Haute-Provence telescope in France.
The first female rabbi was an Aramaic speaker from Southern Kurdistan.
The first female rabbi was an Aramaic-speaking Kurdish Jew.
The first few years were difficult.
The first fight is a fair fight.
The first floor of the building is full of local businesses that offer printing services.
The first flowers of spring are beginning to bloom on the roadside.
The first flowers of spring are blooming on the verge.
The first flowers of spring are coming into bloom on the verge.
The first flush of enthusiasm has subsided.
The first footage of a giant squid was captured in 2012 off the coast of Japan.
The first football club founded in Turkey was Galatasaray.
The first football clubs were founded in England.
The first foreign language I learnt at school was English.
The first foreign language I studied was French.
The first foreign language is the most difficult.
The first foreign language that I studied was French.
The first four boys who were rescued are now able to eat normal food.
The first four days of Ramadan were super tough.
The first fully electronic computer was developed near the middle of the last century.
The first game between Ian Nepomniachtchi (with white pieces) and Magnus Carlsen for the World Chess Championship, today (11.26.2021), in Dubai, ended in a draw.
The first gasoline engine was invented in the late 1800's.
The first gasoline powered automobile was invented in 1886 by Karl Benz.
The first generation of robots appeared in 1962.
The first girl I ever kissed was Mary.
The first goal of the technostructure is its own security.
The first goal seems achievable.
The first good rain storm will wash it away.
The first great lesson that a young man should learn is that he knows nothing.
The first group studies in the morning, and the second group studies in the afternoon.
The first group studies in the morning, the second in the evening.
The first half is coming to an end.
The first half of the movie was captivating, but the ending was anticlimactic.
The first half of the show was interesting, but the second half dragged on too much.
The first half of the story is set in Australia.
The first half of the story is set in Boston.
The first hippopotamus at London Zoo attracted thousands of visitors per day and inspired a song called the "Hippopotamus Polka".
The first human cannonball was a 14-year-old girl called "Zazel".
The first human in space was Yuri Gagarin, a Soviet cosmonaut.
The first humans lived in caves.
The first humans were not the last apes.
The first hurdles have been cleared, but they won't be the last.
The first immigrants in American history came from England and the Netherlands.
The first impression is most lasting.
The first impression left by Mrs. Lyons was one of extreme beauty.
The first incident happened about a month ago.
The first indication of stupidity is a complete lack of shame.
The first ingredient in ordinary bread is usually unbleached flour.
The first ingredient listed was organic sprouted wheat.
The first instalment for his rent totalled £350.
The first instrument of the genius of a people is their language.
The first international football match took place in 1872 between England and Scotland.
The first invasion of Armenian territory by the Turks took place in the 11th century AD.
The first is a dish licker, the second a lice-killing cudgel. They pinch, when they are together. What could it be, by chance?
The first issue (Summer 1997) was devoted to population studies of genetic disease in the Ashkenazim, a group that includes over 90% of American Jews.
The first issue that we have to confront is violent extremism in all of its forms.
The first item he bought was an alarm clock.
The first item in our FAQ mentions that indirect links are in gray.
The first item is a motion proposed by the Education Committee.
The first item on Tom's list of things to take with him on his trip is his mobile phone recharger.
The first item that you mentioned came with my basic equipment.
The first jump didn't end well.
The first jump ended badly.
The first king of Hungary was crowned in the year 1000.
The first known case of H.I.V. was found in a man from what is now the Democratic Republic of Congo. His name is not known. He had given blood in nineteen fifty-nine for research on genetic resistance to malaria.
The first language I learned was Spanish but since I was born and grew up in an Anglophone country, I constantly hear more English than Spanish and my skill has degraded somewhat, so, do I even qualify as a native speaker?
The first last name is the father's family name.
The first laugh of the year is decided.
The first lesson in democracy is to abide by the will of the people.
The first lesson is a taster.
The first lesson is easy.
The first lesson was easy.
The first lesson will only be an introduction to the topic.
The first letter arrived a fortnight ago.
The first letter arrived two weeks ago.
The first letter came two weeks ago.
The first letter should be capitalised.
The first light of dawn tinged the clouds with a pinkish hue.
The first line of the Brazilian national anthem is about the Ipiranga River.
The first lover, a man of very high spirit, then interfered by letter, and insisted on the right he had acquired by his troth plighted with the young lady.
The first low kick was the set-up for this!?
The first lute was invented during the Qin dynasty.
The first magic of love is our ignorance that it can ever end.
The first mammals laid eggs.
The first man on the moon was the camera man.
The first man that succeed in swimming the Channel was Captain Webb.
The first man to commit suicide by jumping from the Burj Khalifa did so because his boss denied him a day off. He must not have fucked often.
The first man to compare the cheeks of a young woman to a rose was obviously a poet; the first to repeat it was possibly an idiot.
The first man to fly successfully was a Berber.
The first maître supervises teams in technical sections or specialized units.
The first meeting is set for next month.
The first men lived dispersed, and cities did not exist yet.
The first mention of Bobruisk is dated 1387.
The first minutes after a heart attack are crucial.
The first minutes after a heart attack are very important.
The first modern Olympic Games were held in Athens, Greece, in 1896.
The first moment of recollection brought to her mind the danger which had overpowered her senses; the next called to remembrance that of her father.
The first month of the year is January.
The first month you get ten percent.
The first month, the fourteenth day of the month, in the evening, you shall eat unleavened bread, until the one and twentieth day of the same month, in the evening.
The first monumental challenge emigrants encountered involved crossing the Missouri River.
The first morning after his marriage with another your heart will break, and you will turn into foam of the sea.
The first movie is bad, but the second is good.
The first movie was better.
The first naked woman I saw was in National Geographic magazine.
The first naked woman I saw was in a National Geographic magazine.
The first name I know, but not the last name.
The first name on the list is Tom.
The first names on the list are Tom and Mary.
The first native speaker of Esperanto was a girl who was born in 1904. The number of people who speak Esperanto today number in the thousands.
The first native speaker of Esperanto was born in 1904; today there are several thousand Esperanto native speakers.
The first necessary thing in choosing books to read is to select those which really interest you.
The first night was awful.
The first object that caught his attention was a large grimoire, or book of spells, which lay open on the philosopher's desk.
The first of January is New Year's Day.
The first of January is Public Domain Day.
The first of May is a holiday.
The first of human rights is to shut up!!!
The first official contest for the title of World Chess Champion (a 24-game match) took place in New York, Saint Louis, and New Orleans between Wilhelm Steinitz (the winner) and Johannes Zukertort, in 1886.
The first official election in the world, with braille ballot papers, took place in Japan in 1928, when the Japanese blind voted for the 16th election of the House of Representatives.
The first one is free.
The first one is the best.
The first one leaves at 17.30 and arrives at 20.25.
The first one to enter the room was Tom.
The first one to get there wins.
The first one to the riverbank won't be drinking dirty water.
The first one wasn't the best one.
The first one wasn't the best.
The first option was better.
The first order of business is to figure out how to prevent people from driving while intoxicated.
The first page revealed photos from my childhood.
The first pancake is always a blob.
The first paragraph is reassuring.
The first part of the book bored me a lot, and I struggled to stay engaged with the story.
The first part of the book bored me a lot.
The first part of the book is more difficult than the second.
The first part of the book is set in Florence.
The first part of the lesson is easier than the second.
The first part of the plan needs changing.
The first part of the ride was very smooth.
The first part of this documentary is excellent.
The first peaches were already falling from the tree.
The first pears were already falling from the tree.
The first period ended yesterday.
The first person I met in Australia was Tom.
The first person I met in Boston was Tom.
The first person I met when I became a student here was Tom.
The first person is here.
The first person that I met in Australia was Tom.
The first person that I see playing a video game, chatting on QQ, or reading articles on Kaixin, is going to be shown the door. This is a classroom, not a cybercafé.
The first person to have been sent to space is known to be Yuri Gagarin, not Neil Armstrong.
The first person to repeat that to my wife, I will strangle. Understood?
The first person to talk to me, when I had just switched schools and had no friends, was Tom.
The first person we saw was Tom.
The first person who ate crab must also have tried to eat a spider.
The first petrol-powered car was invented by Karl Benz in 1886.
The first phase is over.
The first phase of construction has been completed.
The first phase of construction may begin next year and would fill 80 hectares in Shanghai's Pudong development area. Shanghai is China's largest and richest city and considered a lucrative market for the country's fast-growing domestic tourism industry.
The first phase of construction of the particle accelerator will be completed by 2030.
The first photo of Earth from space was taken in 1946.
The first photos of the Earth taken from outer space captured the imagination of an entire generation.
The first plane to Algiers was setting off.
The first planned shopping centers -- where developers analyzed the mix of businesses that would attract customers, and thus profitable tenants -- were opened during the 1920s.
The first point that requires clarification is that the design was purely experimental.
The first point to be discussed is whether segregation existed in this district.
The first possible vaccine against coronavirus is on its way to human testing.
The first president of the USA died on the last hour, of the last day, of the last week, of the last month, of the last year of the seventeen nineties.
The first principle is that you must not fool yourself, and you are the easiest person to fool.
The first principle of accounting is the principle of going concern.
The first printing machine was invented by Gutenberg.
The first printing presses arrived in the United States in the mid-1600s, marking an important step in the history of America’s free press.
The first prison I ever saw had inscribed on it CEASE TO DO EVIL: LEARN TO DO WELL; but as the inscription was on the outside, the prisoners could not read it.
The first prize goes to Tom Jackson.
The first prize may be won by him.
The first programming language I used didn't have loop statements, only gotos.
The first prohibition of slavery was in the mid-nineteenth century.
The first projection is coming up in a minute.
The first projections are expected shortly after polling stations close.
The first proposal proved to be too complicated.
The first proposal proved too complicated.
The first proposal was too complicated.
The first quarter-final match was more exciting than the final.
The first question Tom asked himself when he saw Mary was, of course: "Can she speak French?"
The first question Tom asked me made no sense.
The first question that comes to mind is why do you resent him so much?
The first question we must raise is whether a cultural barrier existed between those groups.
The first quintuplets on record as surviving infancy were a set of identical sisters born in Canada in 1934.
The first railway lines were built in the 19th century.
The first rays of sun are coming through the window.
The first rays of sunlight reflect on the frost-covered fields.
The first rays of the sun tore the cloudy veil and the outline of a rocky island appeared.
The first reason is money.
The first registrant is in.
The first reported celebration of Christopher Columbus’s arrival took place in the United States in 1792. Later, some Italian-Americans began celebrating the Italian explorer as part of their cultural history. In the 1930s, Columbus Day became a national holiday.
The first respondent failed to fill out the entire questionnaire.
The first revolt is against the supreme tyranny of theology, of the phantom of God. As long as we have a master in heaven, we will be slaves on earth.
The first round is on the house.
The first rule of gym club is: you do not talk about gym club.
The first rule of the internet is: don't read the comments.
The first rumbles of thunder rang out.
The first rumbles of thunder were heard.
The first scene has a lot of action.
The first scientific study to look at the role of cigarette smoke in the development of Alzheimer’s disease finds it may trigger or worsen the condition in older people who are at risk for this most common form of senile dementia.
The first season of the year is spring.
The first semifinal match takes place today.
The first semifinal was boring, but the second one blew me away.
The first semifinal will be India vs South Africa.
The first sentence is the most important sentence of the book.
The first session of the trade negotiations is at ten o'clock tomorrow morning.
The first session of the trade negotiations is at ten o’clock tomorrow morning.
The first set ended in a tie-break.
The first seven games were drawn.
The first ships are expected to berth at the port in November.
The first sigh of love is the last of wisdom.
The first sight of Lucy Ashton had been less impressive than her image proved to be upon reflection.
The first sign of trouble came in September 1945.
The first singer who sang the independence of Kabylia is Matoub Lounès.
The first sip taken from the cup of science turns you into an atheist, but God is waiting for you at the bottom of the cup.
The first snow came before long.
The first snow fell today.
The first snow has fallen.
The first snow of winter fell yesterday. It was really pretty seeing the lightly coated snow atop the mountain.
The first snowfall has come today.
The first snowplows were drawn by horses.
The first song on the mix tape she made him was Multifoiled by Cocteau Twins.
The first space stations rotated axially to produce artificial gravity.
The first spacecraft from Earth to visit Mars was Mariner 4 in 1965.
The first spacecraft to fly by Saturn was Pioneer 11 in the late 1970s.
The first spacewalk was 10 minutes long.
The first speech was given at the convention by none other than Clint Eastwood, the famous actor.
The first stage is complete.
The first stage is nearing completion.
The first stage of infection is asymptomatic.
The first stage of the mission has been accomplished.
The first stage of the operation has been accomplished.
The first step in mastering your emotions is mastering the skill of interoception.
The first step in solving a problem is realizing that there's a problem.
The first step in solving a problem is realizing there's a problem.
The first step in solving any problem is recognizing there is one.
The first step is a doozy.
The first step is a very important step.
The first step is always the hardest.
The first step is as good as half over.
The first step is realizing that you have a problem.
The first step is realizing you have a problem.
The first step is the hardest.
The first step is the most difficult.
The first step is the most important step.
The first step is to apply for admission.
The first step is very difficult.
The first step is very important.
The first step to a healthy lifestyle is to exercise often and regularly.
The first step to correcting a mistake is patience.
The first step to solving a problem is admitting that there is one.
The first step to solving a problem is admitting there is one.
The first step toward recovery is admitting that you have a problem.
The first step towards dealing with a problem is accepting that it exists.
The first steps are always the hardest.
The first steps on dry land were made by fins, not feet.
The first story was submitted by Ziri.
The first streetcar line measures forty kilometers in length, has twenty-three stops, and joins the northern part of the city with that of the south.
The first structures were built with stone and wood.
The first subject that attracted my attention was philosophy.
The first suggestion proved to be too complicated.
The first sunbeam, she knew, would be her death.
The first ten amendments — or, changes — to the U.S. Constitution are called the Bill of Rights. After 2/3 of Congress and state legislatures approved them, they became effective in 1791.
The first term closing ceremony will be held this Friday.
The first term starts in April.
The first thing Andrew did was to find his brother Simon and tell him.
The first thing I did after getting home was taking my shoes off.
The first thing I did when I got home was take my shoes off.
The first thing I do every morning is open my emails.
The first thing I do in the morning is to make my bed.
The first thing I do when I arrive in another country, is exchange money.
The first thing I noticed was the broken window.
The first thing I noticed was the smell.
The first thing I saw was a dog.
The first thing I saw was the boy.
The first thing I want to do tomorrow is to find a good part-time job.
The first thing I'm going to do is wash my face.
The first thing Tom did was to tell Mary about what had happened.
The first thing Tom did when he entered the room was to open all of the windows.
The first thing Tom does every day when he gets home is turn on the TV.
The first thing Tom does every morning is read his horoscope.
The first thing Tom does when he meets a new woman is check to see if she's wearing a wedding ring.
The first thing Yanni saw was Skura's car.
The first thing he did was clean the weapons.
The first thing he did was take my hands into his.
The first thing he did was to untie his shoelaces and take his shoes off.
The first thing my mother said was: "Are you crazy?"
The first thing that I do after waking up is brush my teeth.
The first thing that I noticed was the broken window.
The first thing that came to my attention was the large sofa. It was covered in sober coloured leather, the seat and the back both looked wide and comfortable.
The first thing that came to my attention was the large sofa. It was covered in sober-coloured leather, and the seat and the back both looked wide and comfortable.
The first thing that caught his eye was a fingerprint on the glass.
The first thing that hits you is the bright red discount drugstore sign.
The first thing that we need to do is build a fire.
The first thing the boy said when he opened his eyes was, "I'm to go to play with Frank again to-day, amn't I, Auntie Hetty?"
The first thing to come to mind was her face.
The first thing to consider is time.
The first thing to do is get involved.
The first thing to do is just to get a nice outfit for it.
The first thing to do is to clear away all the rubbish that clutters up the place.
The first thing to do was call for the doctor.
The first thing we did was look at the pandas.
The first thing we do when we get up is eat breakfast.
The first thing we have to do is fire the cook.
The first thing we have to do is hire a new cook.
The first thing we need to do is build a fire.
The first thing we should do is write and thank your brother-in-law for his hospitality.
The first thing we should talk about is what we're going to tell Tom.
The first thing you hate in the special forces is yourself.
The first thing you have to do is contact Tom.
The first thing you have to do is pack your suitcase.
The first thing you have to do is take a bath.
The first thing you have to do on an exam is write your name.
The first thing you have to take into consideration is time.
The first thing you hear when arriving in Vegas is the ching ching ching of the slot machines.
The first thing you hear when you step inside Washington's new International Spy Museum is a stream of tense and solemn voices admonishing you never to reveal anything about the exhibit you are about to see.
The first thing you learn in a language are swear words.
The first thing you must learn is to stand on your own ideas.
The first thing you need to do when choosing a book to read is to pick one that really interests you.
The first thing you need to weave is the bottom of the basket.
The first thing you should do is call a lawyer.
The first thing you should do is wash your hands.
The first thing you'll usually want to do is check the oil level.
The first thing you're gonna weave is the bottom of the basket. So make sure you make it strong.
The first things that you hear when you arrive at Las Vegas are the dings of the slot machines.
The first three books on the top shelf were written by my grandfather.
The first three chapters were difficult to write. After that, the book seemed to write itself.
The first three students arrived about thirty minutes ago.
The first time I came to Boston, this restaurant wasn't even here.
The first time I drank beer, I didn't like it.
The first time I ever connected to the Internet was in the country.
The first time I had sushi was fantastic.
The first time I held my girlfriend's hand was in the haunted house.
The first time I held my girlfriend's hand was on the school bus.
The first time I held my girlfriend’s hand was in the haunted house.
The first time I met Betty, I was nervous.
The first time I met Tom he was wearing a red tie.
The first time I met Tom, I didn't like him.
The first time I met Tom, I thought he was rich.
The first time I met Tom, he was only thirteen years old.
The first time I met Tom, he was only thirteen.
The first time I read this book was when I was in high school.
The first time I saw Fernando, he was high on drugs.
The first time I saw Tom, I thought he was a girl.
The first time I saw Tom, he was sitting on a bench in the park near my home.
The first time I saw her, she was walking around with a bottle of beer in her hand.
The first time I saw it was three years ago.
The first time I saw the Romanian soccer players was in Madrid.
The first time I saw this film was years ago at an outdoor cinema.
The first time I saw this movie was years ago at a drive-in movie theater.
The first time I took that test, I failed it.
The first time I tried beer, I didn't like it.
The first time I tried out my new bike I overbalanced and fell off.
The first time I tried to do that, I couldn't do it.
The first time I was exposed to drag as a child was when I watched Bugs Bunny.
The first time I was told not to do that was Monday.
The first time I went to Australia, I didn't like it much.
The first time I went to Boston, I didn't have much fun.
The first time Lorenzo used a Ouija board he was about five or six.
The first time Mary did that was when she was thirteen.
The first time Mary ever saw Tom, he was wearing a beanie, strumming a ukulele, and singing an Irish ditty.
The first time Mary ever saw Tom, he was wearing a wool hat, strumming a ukulele, and singing an Irish ditty.
The first time Mary met Tom, he came across as a guy who wouldn't stick his neck out for anyone.
The first time Mennad cut himself, he was sixteen.
The first time Sami heard the adhan, he was on a Cairo street.
The first time Tom brought Mary home, his mother said, "This one's a keeper."
The first time Tom did that was three years ago.
The first time Tom did that was when he was thirteen years old.
The first time Tom did that was when he was thirteen.
The first time any of the sisters rose above the water she was delighted by the novelties and beauties she saw; but once grown up, and at liberty to go where she liked, she became indifferent and longed for her home.
The first time feels like a sunny day.
The first time he got married he was twenty-four.
The first time he met his friend was when he was bathing in the sea.
The first time is always the hardest.
The first time is free.
The first time it didn't get hard.
The first time that I held my girlfriend's hand was on the school bus.
The first time that I met Tom, he was only thirteen years old.
The first time that I met Tom, he was only thirteen.
The first time that I read this book was when I was in high school.
The first time that I saw Tom, I thought that he was a girl.
The first time that I saw Tom, he was sitting on a bench in the park near my home.
The first time that I took my girlfriend's hand it was in the haunted house.
The first time that I went to Australia, I didn't like it much.
The first time that I went to Boston, I didn't have much fun.
The first time that Tom did that was three years ago.
The first time that Tom did that was when he was thirteen years old.
The first time that Tom did that was when he was thirteen.
The first time that you meet people, you should be careful about how near you stand to them.
The first time they met me, they already invited me to stay with them for Christmas.
The first time you let a Nazi into your bar, you turn it into a Nazi bar.
The first time you meet people, you should be careful about how near you stand to them.
The first time you said doing that was wrong was after you banned me, in a public post explaining the new rule you had just invented.
The first time, I spoke pretty much no Chinese at all, and didn't understand China's conventions and customs.
The first time, I spoke pretty much no Chinese at all, and didn’t understand China’s conventions and customs.
The first time, she wasn't very firm with him.
The first time, she wasn’t very firm with him.
The first tip is precision, that is, to express yourself clearly.
The first to die in war is the truth.
The first to make a hole will fall into it.
The first to use the term "theology" was Plato.
The first trailer of the movie is out.
The first train departs at 4:00 in the morning.
The first tramline is fourteen kilometres long, has 23 stops and connects the northern part of the city with the southern part.
The first two days of my trip were rainy.
The first two rooms were dark, in the third there was a light.
The first two students arrive.
The first two weekends of December are the busiest time for selling trees. However, clients are welcome anytime. One Bartlett is always by the phone. On this day, the weather is mild. The firs and pines are waiting for the first customers of the day. Joann Bartlett takes advantage of the lull to create Christmas garlands, talk on the phone, and patiently wait. Her husband Bill arrives just in time for the first buyers.
The first victim in a war is the Truth.
The first victim of war is truth.
The first victim was Tom.
The first victim was one of my best friends and his loss caused me a great deal of grief; the second victim was merely a German.
The first victim's name was Tom Jackson.
The first violins aren't playing together.
The first violins carry the melody.
The first violins need to play together.
The first virtue of a painting is to be a feast for the eyes.
The first was not the best.
The first was the school uniform.
The first wasn't the best.
The first wealth is health.
The first widely accepted photographic process was the creation of France’s Louis Daguerre in 1839. Images made by this method were called daguerreotypes.
The first will be last.
The first will be the last.
The first winner of the FIFA World Cup was Uruguay.
The first word in a sentence must begin with a capital letter.
The first word of an English sentence should be capitalized.
The first word of every sentence should be capitalized.
The first word of the Bible is "In."
The first written record of the Loch Ness monster relates to the Irish monk St. Columba, who is said to have banished a "water beast" to the depths of the River Ness in the 6th century.
The first year after the relocation from Boston was very difficult. After that, it became easier.
The first year on the American continent was extremely difficult for the pilgrims and settlers.
The first ’that time of the month’ I seem to remember worrying that I was ill, without telling anybody, for two days.
The first-aid kit is under the driving seat.
The first-class carriage is at the front of the train.
The first-class carriages were almost empty.
The first-class master corporal is a specific rank in the Air Force, representing the highest tier among enlisted ranks.
The first-class quartermaster serves in an intermediate role before advancing to maneuver or maintenance responsibilities.
The first-time precarious fisherman lazily fished dangerous poisonous fish, but soon stopped to shell peas.
The first-year pupils at school are making Christmas decorations.
The firstborn of an ass thou shalt change for a sheep: and if thou do not redeem it, thou shalt kill it. And every firstborn of men thou shalt redeem with a price.
The fiscal austerity may lead to an overkill of the economy.
The fiscal deficit amounted to 11% of GDP in 2017.
The fiscal situation is challenging.
The fish I ate yesterday did not agree with me.
The fish I bought from the market is fresh.
The fish Tom caught this afternoon was a trout.
The fish Tom caught this afternoon were trout.
The fish are biting today.
The fish are biting. Wanna join me on a fishing adventure?
The fish are dying, the Canadians say, because of what's known as acid rain.
The fish are dying, the Canadians say, because of what’s known as acid rain.
The fish are in the sea.
The fish are safe to eat.
The fish are striking well today.
The fish are swimming upstream.
The fish are swimming.
The fish are tiny.
The fish aren't biting today.
The fish aren’t biting today.
The fish can swim.
The fish caught in this river are all nice.
The fish did not taste delicious.
The fish didn't bite.
The fish disappeared from view.
The fish does not taste fresh.
The fish doesn't taste fresh.
The fish doesn't taste good.
The fish don't seem to be biting this morning.
The fish eats.
The fish flies.
The fish fought hard.
The fish guarded the eggs.
The fish has gone bad.
The fish has shiny scales.
The fish he caught yesterday is still alive.
The fish in the water is silent, the animal on the earth is noisy, the bird in the air is singing. But Man has in him the silence of the sea, the noise of the earth and the music of the air.
The fish in this restaurant is delicious.
The fish in this river are few and far between.
The fish is an Atlantic salmon that contains genes from two other kinds of fish: ocean pout and Chinook salmon.
The fish is bad in the eyes of the man.
The fish is baked slowly till browned over a not-too-close fire.
The fish is burnt black.
The fish is flying.
The fish is fresh.
The fish is freshly caught.
The fish is hiding under the rocks.
The fish is in clear water.
The fish is long.
The fish is not big.
The fish is not in the water.
The fish is small.
The fish is still raw.
The fish is swimming upstream.
The fish is yellow.
The fish isn't supposed to be thrown away. It can be used to feed cats.
The fish jumped up in the pond.
The fish lives in the sea.
The fish market will shuck the oysters for you.
The fish processing business accounted for 15.5% of employment in 2015.
The fish really was that big.
The fish reeks, it's gone bad.
The fish roll was really very tasty.
The fish smells bad, it's spoiled.
The fish smells bad.
The fish stinks from the head.
The fish stinks.
The fish swam right up to the little princesses, ate out of their hands, and allowed themselves to be patted.
The fish swam up for crumbs.
The fish swim.
The fish swims by moving its tail.
The fish tasted like salmon.
The fish tastes like the sea.
The fish tastes of the sea.
The fish to be eaten is still in the river.
The fish wants to escape.
The fish wants to swim.
The fish was about that big.
The fish was bought by Jon.
The fish was cooked to perfection.
The fish was delicious.
The fish was devoured by the eagle.
The fish was not fresh.
The fish was really delicious.
The fish was swimming in the water.
The fish was very fresh.
The fish was very tasty.
The fish we want to eat hasn't been caught yet.
The fish will be sold at a fish market in the Algerian town of Bousmail.
The fisheries sector accounts for about 97% of exports, and half of GDP.
The fisherman cast his line into the water.
The fisherman cast the fishing line into the water.
The fisherman caught a huge bass.
The fisherman caught a mermaid.
The fisherman caught a purple jellyfish in his net.
The fisherman caught sixteen trout and five salmon.
The fisherman exaggerated the size of the fish he had caught.
The fisherman saved himself by means of a floating board.
The fisherman's story is fishy.
The fishermen are hoping for a big catch.
The fishermen are hoping for an abundant catch.
The fishermen are using nets.
The fishermen around here smoke most of their fish.
The fishermen cast their nets into the sea.
The fishermen fished in the lake all day long.
The fishermen got into the water.
The fishermen got up before dawn.
The fishermen hurried back to port.
The fishermen hurried to get back to port.
The fishermen ignored Tom's warning.
The fishermen in that lake see distinctly under the water, in calm weather, ecclesiastical towers, which, according to the custom of the country, are slender and lofty, and moreover round; and they frequently point them out to strangers travelling through these parts, who wonder what could have caused such a catastrophe.
The fishermen saved all the castaways.
The fishermen think it isn't boring to jog.
The fishermen took photos of their catch.
The fishermen's nets are no longer stuffed with fish, but with plastic.
The fishery remained empty and devoid of fish for many centuries.
The fishing boat began heading right towards Boris.
The fishing boat brought Boris back to shore.
The fishing boat headed back to shore.
The fishing boat that had been missing returned to its port safely.
The fishing boat turned out to be a pirate skiff.
The fishing boat which had been missing made a safe return to port.
The fishing boat which had been missing returned safely to port.
The fishing boats are leaving harbour.
The fishing boats have left harbour.
The fishing boats leave harbour.
The fishing boats left harbour.
The fishing boats were leaving harbour.
The fishing minigame is popular.
The fishing village cats strolled randomly up and down the wharf.
The fishmonger guarantees the origin and freshness of his products.
The fittest survive. What is meant by the fittest? Not the strongest; not the cleverestâ€” Weakness and stupidity everywhere survive. There is no way of determining fitness except in that a thing does survive. "Fitness," then, is only another name for "survival." Darwinism: That survivors survive.
The fittest survive. What is meant by the fittest? Not the strongest; not the cleverest— Weakness and stupidity everywhere survive. There is no way of determining fitness except in that a thing does survive. "Fitness," then, is only another name for "survival." Darwinism: That survivors survive.
The fitting room is being used now.
The fitting room is occupied.
The fitting room over there is unoccupied.
The fitting thing was that you should foresee it.
The five aboriginal tribes that inhabit the lush jungles and beaches of the Andaman and Nicobar islands number less than 1,000 people.
The five brothers worked together on the farm.
The five day working week was invented in the 20th century.
The five day workweek was invented in the 20th century.
The five documents treat of the French post-revolutionary situation.
The five fingers of the hand are never the same.
The five human senses are sight, hearing, smell, taste and touch.
The five most famous swear words in Cantonese people ——diu、hai、gau、lan、cat
The five of them threw themselves onto me.
The five of us are going to go hiking.
The five of us are still good friends to this day.
The five of us discussed the plan.
The five of us stood in a circle holding hands.
The five pillars of Islam are belief, worship, fasting, almsgiving, and pilgrimage.
The five states of matter are solid, liquid, gas, plasma, and cat.
The five year old broke the computer.
The five yuan coins are brass, and the ten yuan coins are made out of bronze.
The five-and-a-half-meter-diameter balloon is tethered with a winch cable to an airport pickup truck.
The five-hundred-year-old wooden church was set on fire under Communism.
The five-hundred-year-old wooden church was set on fire under communism.
The five-layered sunshield will protect the telescope from the light and heat of the Sun, Earth, and Moon.
The five-legged lizard had its tail cut off.
The five-minute trip will be to study a global electrical current called the dynamo that sweeps through the ionosphere.
The five-paragraph essay structure should be banned.
The five-year civil war has seen plenty of tortuous battlefield ups and downs.
The fizzy drink is cold.
The flag caught on fire.
The flag flapped in the wind.
The flag fluttered in the breeze.
The flag had holes in it from the British shells.
The flag has seven colours.
The flag is a national symbol.
The flag is black.
The flag is blue.
The flag is fluttering in the wind.
The flag is green.
The flag is not right. Please change it.
The flag is orange.
The flag is raised.
The flag is up.
The flag is white.
The flag of Brazil has 27 stars.
The flag of Brazil has four colors: green, yellow, blue and white.
The flag of Brazil is green, yellow and blue.
The flag of Brazil is green, yellow, and blue.
The flag of Denmark, dated 1219, is the oldest in the world still in use by an independent nation.
The flag of Kabylie is beautiful.
The flag of Kabylie is the Algerian flag.
The flag of Kabylie is the flag of Algeria.
The flag of Kurdistan was raised.
The flag of Mississippi contains a Confederate flag. That's why I personally consider it as a racist flag.
The flag of Quebec is called the "fleurdelisé".
The flag of his fatherland brought tears to his eyes.
The flag of the Czech Republic is almost the same as that of the Philippines.
The flag of the town of Vila Velha looks like an inverted Philippine flag.
The flag on the flagpole is blowing in the wind.
The flag on the flagpole is fluttering in the wind.
The flag unfurled in the wind.
The flag was lowered to half mast as a mark of respect.
The flag was lowered.
The flag was raised.
The flag waves on the flagpole.
The flag waves solemnly in the air.
The flagging economy worried investors.
The flags are flying at half staff in my city today.
The flags are spaced about 20 feet (6 meters) apart, just wide enough to let our largest snowplough run between them without knocking them down.
The flags seem to be more saturated.
The flags were fluttering in the wind.
The flags were waving.
The flame danced in the lantern.
The flame died out.
The flame flickered as it consumed the wax and the wick of the candle.
The flame flickered for a moment, then died out.
The flame has begun to fade.
The flame is going out.
The flame is too high, lower it.
The flame of desire had lit up in his eyes.
The flame that calls.
The flame was extinguished.
The flame went out.
The flames are engulfing the trees.
The flames are still raging on.
The flames blazed in the fireplace, providing warmth on a chilly night.
The flames consumed the old town in hours.
The flames danced in the night sky.
The flames destroyed the entire building.
The flames in the fireplace died down, leaving behind glowing embers and warmth.
The flames leaped ferociously, consuming everything in their path.
The flames licked at the logs.
The flames licked the bottom of the stew pot.
The flames rolled on—he would not go Without his father's word; That father, faint in death below.
The flames shoot high.
The flames spread quickly across the floor.
The flamingo is a highly social bird and lives in a large group.
The flamingo is a wading bird.
The flamingo is the national bird of the Bahamas.
The flaps and ailerons are connected to the backside of the wings.
The flaps slide back and down to increase the surface of the wing area. They also tilt down to increase the curve of the wing.
The flash of lightning precedes the sound of thunder.
The flash of lightning was almost instantly followed by a burst of thunder, for the storm-cloud was very near the castle.
The flash was reflected in the bottle.
The flash wasn't working, so he couldn't take a picture in the dark.
The flash wasn't working, so he couldn't take any pictures in the dark.
The flash went off.
The flashbacks are coming very often now.
The flashbang grenade got its name from the bright flash and loud bang it generates upon explosion.
The flasher was arrested for indecent exposure and sexual harassment.
The flashing around the chimney is damaged.
The flashing light means my mouse needs a new battery.
The flashlight Boldi brought was really shitty.
The flashlight Paul had sucked.
The flashlight is going to run out of batteries if you let it on for too long.
The flashlight lit everything up.
The flashlight looked pretty new.
The flashlight turned off.
The flashlight was clipped to Ziri's chest.
The flashlight won't turn on.
The flashlights flickered on and off.
The flat also has a small balcony.
The flat comes fully furnished.
The flat consisted of just a single room.
The flat consisted of just one room.
The flat costs 500 euros excluding bills.
The flat front trouser was a staple of that fashion designer's collections.
The flat has a separate entrance.
The flat has three small rooms and a bathroom.
The flat is on fire.
The flat is really nice, but there's hardly any room to put things away.
The flat is really nice, but there's hardly any storage space.
The flat screen TV was in front of the window.
The flat was furnished in the Victorian style.
The flat was spic and span.
The flat we entered was brightly lit.
The flat we went into was brightly lit.
The flat's really nice, but there's hardly any room to store stuff.
The flat, dish-shaped bone in front of the knee joint is called the patella.
The flatboat carrying the two silent men went on gliding atop the dark waters as the moonlit night slowly wore on.
The flatbread, likely unleavened and somewhat resembling pita bread, was fashioned from wild cereals such as barley, einkorn or oats, as well as tubers from an aquatic papyrus relative, that had been ground into flour.
The flatmates are all refusing to do the washing-up.
The flatness of her voice warned me that something was wrong.
The flatness of this bike path makes it suitable for riders who are new to cycling.
The flats were built by the city council.
The flavor is sensational.
The flavor lingers pleasantly.
The flavoring contained alcohol.
The flavors of this brand's mouthwash are weird.
The flawless porcelain-like complexion that graces Caifeng's face is a testament to the beauty of Asian skin.
The flax therefore, and the barley were hurt, because the barley was green, and the flax was now bolled; but the wheat, and other winter corn were not hurt, because they were lateward.
The flea market takes place in the main square tomorrow.
The flea market takes place tomorrow in the main square.
The flea robot is the deadliest machine ever designed.
The fleas are wagging the dog.
The fleet must, both at sea while sailing day and night, and at anchor in port and in roadsteads, be in a specific order.
The fleet was on mid ocean; land no more / was visible, naught else above, before / but sky and sea, when overhead did loom / a storm-cloud, black as heaven itself, that bore / dark night and wintry tempest in its womb, / and all the waves grew rough and shuddered with the gloom.
The fleeting nature of time reminds us to act.
The flesh is mortal.
The flesh of an unripe medlar looks plate. That of a bletted one looks brown.
The flesh smells horrible.
The flesh stinks.
The flesh was tender to the touch.
The flexibility of gymnasts is always amazing.
The flickering black-and-white television set bothered my exhausted eyes.
The flickering black-and-white television set irritated my weary eyes.
The flickering flame of the northern lights could be plainly seen, whether they rose high or low in the heavens, from every part of the castle.
The flickering flames of the campfire danced in Matthew's eyes.
The flickering flames of the campfire mesmerized Matthew.
The flickering flames of the fireplace cast a warm glow over Matthew's face.
The flies are buzzing.
The flies are gathering round the rubbish bag.
The flies are swarming around the trash bag.
The flies around here are terrible.
The flies buzz restlessly.
The flies on the wall continued to crawl.
The flight attendant accidentally spilled some hot coffee on Tom.
The flight attendant apologized for spilling hot coffee on Tom.
The flight attendant asked me to change seats.
The flight attendant asked me to move seats.
The flight attendant brought Tom a drink.
The flight attendant gave each passenger a drink and a snack.
The flight attendant shook Mary awake and told her that the plane had landed.
The flight attendant shook Tom and Mary awake and told them that the plane had landed.
The flight attendant shook Tom awake and told him that the plane had landed.
The flight attendant smiled at William and kindly directed him to his seat.
The flight attendant told Pietro to not worry.
The flight attendant tried to change my seat. She also wanted to sit comfortably in a first class seat instead of having to work and serve the passengers.
The flight attendant welcomed William aboard the plane.
The flight attendants tried to calm the passengers.
The flight begins.
The flight came to an end and we arrived in Algiers.
The flight from Pyongyang to California was fully booked.
The flight is expected to arrive at noon.
The flight is in an hour.
The flight lasted two hours.
The flight leaves in forty-five minutes.
The flight leaves in the morning.
The flight leaves in three quarters of an hour.
The flight number has changed.
The flight to Algiers was normal.
The flight to Algiers would take four hours.
The flight to Boston should take about ninety minutes.
The flight to Georgia took longer than expected, and when I got there, everyone was speaking a different language.
The flight took us ten hours.
The flight was a failure.
The flight was canceled because of heavy fog.
The flight was canceled because of the heavy fog.
The flight was canceled because of the thick fog.
The flight was canceled due to heavy fog.
The flight was canceled.
The flight was cancelled because of the thick fog.
The flight was cancelled.
The flight was delayed by twenty-two minutes.
The flight was delayed due to the weather.
The flight was overbooked.
The flight was so long and exhausting.
The flight will be arriving early.
The flight will be delayed because of a sandstorm.
The flight will be landing soon.
The flights haven't left yet.
The flights haven’t left yet.
The flights were cancelled.
The flimsy cordon failed to keep back the protestors.
The flimsy stalls in this restroom offer very little privacy.
The flirtatious text messages served as further incriminating evidence of his secret affair.
The flock of birds is very beautiful.
The flock was placed in a small moor.
The flood affected everyone living by the river.
The flood affected many people.
The flood began to subside.
The flood caused a crisis for their community.
The flood caused a disaster in their community.
The flood caused a great deal of damage to the crop.
The flood caused a lot of damage.
The flood caused material losses.
The flood damaged Tom's house.
The flood deposited a layer of mud.
The flood did a lot of damage to the village.
The flood did a lot of harm to the crops.
The flood did great damage to the crops.
The flood did the village extensive damage.
The flood didn't do much damage to the crops.
The flood diverted the course of the river.
The flood hurt the whole region.
The flood of 1342 was the biggest deluge in the history of central Europe.
The flood overwhelmed the village.
The flood parted them.
The flood prevented me from crossing the river.
The flood ruined the crops.
The flood swept the cars away.
The flood tide destroyed the sandcastle.
The flood victims were housed in several schools.
The flood was massive.
The flood was the greatest disaster they had ever had.
The flood washed away the bridge.
The flood water reached the level of the windows.
The flood waters are predicted to engulf the town.
The flood waters have finally receded.
The flood waters tumbled my house into the river.
The flood waters will devastate the nearby town.
The flood-prone Yangtze river, which runs from Yunnan in the southwest to Jiangsu and Shanghai on the east coast, has seen a massive increase in water volumes, causing flooding in many of its tributaries and bringing water volumes in the giant Three Gorges reservoir close to record levels.
The flooding has covered farms and roads and slowed shipments of food and fuel.
The floodlights lit up the whole stadium.
The floodlights turn on automatically.
The floods ruined the crops.
The floor board got rust.
The floor creaked under his heavy steps.
The floor creaked.
The floor feels cold.
The floor gave in under the weight of the heavy safe.
The floor gave way.
The floor gleamed like a mirror.
The floor had a good shine.
The floor has just been waxed.
The floor has to be scrubbed.
The floor in this area needs to be redone.
The floor is carpeted.
The floor is clean.
The floor is cold.
The floor is covered in rodent droppings.
The floor is covered in sawdust.
The floor is covered with a thick carpet.
The floor is damp.
The floor is dirty.
The floor is dry.
The floor is lava!
The floor is lava.
The floor is made of boards.
The floor is muddy.
The floor is quiet.
The floor is slippery, so be careful.
The floor is slippery.
The floor is so clean that you could eat off it.
The floor is so clean you could eat your dinner off it.
The floor is so dirty that It requires washing.
The floor is so uneven that the quarter I dropped just rolled away.
The floor is spotless.
The floor is sticky.
The floor is still wet.
The floor is too slippery.
The floor is under my feet!
The floor is uneven.
The floor is very cold.
The floor is very slippery.
The floor is wet and slippery.
The floor is wet and slippery. Be careful!
The floor is wet.
The floor is white.
The floor is yours.
The floor must be kept clean.
The floor must be very clean.
The floor of the bowling lane is completely smooth.
The floor of the car is littered with bags.
The floor sagged under the heavy weight.
The floor stopped moving.
The floor tile split in four.
The floor was cold under his bare feet.
The floor was cold.
The floor was completely covered by a large rug.
The floor was covered with blood.
The floor was covered with dust.
The floor was covered with rugs.
The floor was gleaming like a mirror.
The floor was painted green, while the walls were yellow.
The floor was rotted underneath.
The floor was running with water.
The floor was slippery and I couldn't keep my footing.
The floor was slippery.
The floor was soaked with water.
The floor was strewn with party favors: torn noisemakers, crumpled party hats, and dirty Power Ranger plates.
The floor was swimming with blood.
The floor was very cold.
The floor was very slippery.
The floor was wet with water.
The floor was wet.
The floor's wet.
The floor, the walls, the architraves and the ceilings are all covered in bees.
The floorboards creak a bit when you walk across them.
The floorboards creaked.
The floorboards in the abandoned house creaked when we stepped on them.
The floorboards in the hall creaked.
The floorboards in the old house creaked under Matthew's footsteps.
The floorboards looked loose.
The floors have just been waxed, so be careful.
The floors need to be polished.
The floors were being sanded.
The floors were clean.
The floors were creaky.
The floors were extremely creaky.
The florist's is opposite the park.
The flour is in the larder.
The flour was past its use-by date, so the cake only rose half as much as it should have.
The flour we buy in Aragon, the nuts from Cordoba, the empanadas from Galicia.
The flow is not that strong.
The flow of European rivers is enough to supply drinking water for all of humanity.
The flow of daily life can feel uniform.
The flow of evacuation events from occurrence of a large earthquake to the conclusion of emergency counter measures.
The flow of the water was strong enough to wash away the bridge.
The flow of this river is fast.
The flower I saw in the park yesterday was a rafflesia.
The flower comes out in early spring.
The flower died because of a lack of water.
The flower died for lack of water.
The flower died for want of water.
The flower emitted a foul odor.
The flower garden needs watering.
The flower gave out a sweet smell.
The flower grows in early spring.
The flower grows.
The flower has a long stem.
The flower in the vase is yellow.
The flower is alive with bees.
The flower is beautiful.
The flower is blue.
The flower is crying out for water.
The flower is growing.
The flower is in the house.
The flower is magenta.
The flower is not black.
The flower is on the table.
The flower is opening.
The flower is pink.
The flower is red.
The flower is white.
The flower is wilted.
The flower is yellow and the others are blue.
The flower is yellow.
The flower is yours for the asking.
The flower isn't black.
The flower needs watering. The leaves are already wilted.
The flower of illusion produces the fruit of reality.
The flower of the coque is red.
The flower petals were snatched away by the four winds.
The flower planted on our porch is very fragrant.
The flower pot crashed to the sidewalk.
The flower pot has melted due to the high temperature of the furnace.
The flower pot is broken.
The flower pot was broken.
The flower pot was knocked over.
The flower pots were all filled with soil.
The flower shop is just across the street.
The flower shop is opposite the park.
The flower shop is right across the street.
The flower will come out soon.
The flower withered for lack of water.
The flower you picked from the garden is very ugly.
The flowering cactus in your garden is really worth seeing.
The flowering cactus in your garden is truly a sight to see.
The flowering cactus in your garden is truly remarkable.
The flowering of literature contributed to the formation of a national identity.
The flowering season for hydrangea arrived.
The flowering season of heather extends from late July to November.
The flowerpot broke when Tom tripped over it.
The flowerpot is decorated.
The flowers I picked in my garden this morning have faded.
The flowers I planted last month are all withered now.
The flowers Mary got were from Tom, not John.
The flowers Mary got were from Tom, not from John.
The flowers Vladimir had planted started to grow.
The flowers and seed pods contain toxic hydrogen cyanide.
The flowers are already out of bloom.
The flowers are at their best now.
The flowers are barely blooming.
The flowers are beginning to grow and everything is becoming green.
The flowers are blooming.
The flowers are dead.
The flowers are densely packed together.
The flowers are dying.
The flowers are for you. The chocolate is for me.
The flowers are in the vase.
The flowers are insect-pollinated.
The flowers are magenta.
The flowers are opening.
The flowers are protected against the weather.
The flowers are red.
The flowers are represented in minute detail by the painter.
The flowers are still in bloom.
The flowers are still in bud.
The flowers are wilted.
The flowers are wilting.
The flowers are withering.
The flowers are yellow.
The flowers bloom in the spring.
The flowers bloomed brightly in the springtime.
The flowers bloomed in the garden.
The flowers bloomed in the spring.
The flowers bloomed pretty.
The flowers brightened the room.
The flowers brightened up the room.
The flowers can be seen in the field, it is time for pruning, the pigeon is already making its humming in our area. The first figs are sprouting from the fig tree, the flowering vines emit a fragrance.
The flowers cheered her up.
The flowers cheered him up.
The flowers come in many colors.
The flowers dance in the wind.
The flowers died for lack of water.
The flowers died from over-fertilization.
The flowers don't look happy. I'd like to water them. Is there a watering can?
The flowers don't look well. I'd like to water them. Is there a watering can?
The flowers don’t look happy. I’d like to water them. Is there a watering can?
The flowers don’t look well. I’d like to water them. Is there a watering can?
The flowers faded in the heat of the summer days.
The flowers give off a strong odor.
The flowers give off a very pleasant perfume.
The flowers give off a very pleasant scent.
The flowers have all withered.
The flowers have as much right to life as we do.
The flowers have wilted.
The flowers in Mary's garden are magnificent.
The flowers in her new vase refreshed her.
The flowers in his garden have withered.
The flowers in my garden have withered in the cold.
The flowers in the back are heathers.
The flowers in the garden are beautiful.
The flowers in the garden are very beautiful.
The flowers in the garden bloom in spring.
The flowers in the garden died from the absence of rain.
The flowers in the garden filled the air with a sweet fragrance.
The flowers in the garden hung their heads.
The flowers in the garden need to be watered.
The flowers in the garden need water.
The flowers in the garden need watering.
The flowers in the garden smell sweet.
The flowers in the vase are beautiful.
The flowers in the vase are roses.
The flowers in the vase are wilted.
The flowers in the vase have wilted.
The flowers in the vase were wilted.
The flowers in this garden are magnificent.
The flowers let him pass without wounding him.
The flowers need to be watered well.
The flowers of a tree will fall beneath that very tree.
The flowers of dwarf goat's beards have a whitish color.
The flowers of early spring are really beautiful.
The flowers of heather emerge in late summer.
The flowers of heather may turn burn.
The flowers of the heather fell off.
The flowers of the poppy are red.
The flowers of the strawberry tree are bell-shaped.
The flowers of the strawberry tree are edible.
The flowers perished from the frost.
The flowers revived after the rain.
The flowers seem more colourful, and the grass greener.
The flowers smell good.
The flowers smell so good.
The flowers smell wonderful.
The flowers swayed in the wind.
The flowers were bright and colourful.
The flowers were dying without water.
The flowers were everywhere.
The flowers were faded on the grave.
The flowers were in bloom.
The flowers were red.
The flowers were sent by Sami.
The flowers were sent by Tom.
The flowers were swaying in the wind.
The flowers were very beautiful to look at.
The flowers will brighten up the table.
The flowers will look more beautiful in the vase.
The flowers will soon blossom.
The flowers will soon wither.
The flowers wilt without water.
The flowers wilted as nobody watered them.
The flowers wilted because nobody watered them.
The flowers wilted.
The flowers withered away because nobody watered them.
The flowers withered for want of water.
The flowers withered up.
The flowers withered.
The flu and the common cold are very contagious.
The flu is going around now.
The flu prevented him from playing golf.
The flu struck the metropolitan area.
The flu vaccine is currently administered by an injection into the muscle of the upper arm. It is painful and can leave some redness and swelling, which is why an estimated 60 percent of adults do not get immunized against seasonal flu.
The flu's going about. Take care of yourself!
The fluctuation in prices caused a financial crisis.
The fluency of your English is amazing.
The fluid contains alien microorganisms.
The fluorescent light was faulty and flickered on and off intermittently.
The flute is more popular with girls than boys.
The flute the musician possessed was enchanted.
The flutes and violins are playing in unison.
The flutes aren't playing softly enough.
The flutes aren't playing together.
The flutes need to be louder than the oboes.
The flutes need to play together.
The fly buzzes.
The fly flew into the window.
The fly flew towards the light outside the window, but at the last moment, it changed direction and returned to Anna's room.
The fly flies.
The fly got into the house through a hole in the flyscreen.
The fly is an insect.
The fly is on the ceiling.
The fly is on the table.
The fly is small.
The fly is stuck against the window.
The fly kept bothering us during our meal.
The fly prowls around food.
The fly running on the mirror doesn't worry about its reflection on the points of its legs from which it sits and runs; but on the contrary, it sees on the smooth surface a quantity of very small things which interest it and which we confuse with dust and grime.
The fly was eaten by a dragonfly.
The flycatcher has ravaged the flies.
The flying machine flew into a mountain.
The flying squirrel came flying down from the tree.
The flying taxi could begin demonstration flights in Paris as early as 2024.
The flying taxi will carry a pilot and one passenger.
The flyover provides a dismal view of slum dwellings.
The flyweight champion contended with a strong challenger.
The foal has a short tail.
The foam vanished in an instant.
The focal point of the magnifying glass was only two inches from the object.
The foci of Buddhist and Christian soteriologies are different. Buddhism focuses on salvation from suffering, whilst Christianity from sins.
The focus is on building a better, safer world.
The focus is on peaceful coexistence.
The focus is on statistically significant features of lexico-grammar used within particular sub-sets of texts associated with a particular discipline.
The focus of next month's issue will be the effects of global warming.
The focus of the discussion was unemployment.
The focus of the talk is put on the content.
The focus of today's class will be on ancient Greece.
The focus should be on treating each other well.
The focus should be on understanding each other.
The focusing system on this camera does not work properly.
The fog began to disappear around ten o'clock.
The fog began to disappear around ten o’clock.
The fog began to dissipate.
The fog began to lift.
The fog caused several accidents.
The fog cleared and Dmitri saw a scarecrow.
The fog cleared, and all was well.
The fog cleared.
The fog closed in.
The fog covered the peaks.
The fog dissipated as the sun rose.
The fog dissipated.
The fog faded away.
The fog gradually began to clear.
The fog gradually began to lift.
The fog has lifted.
The fog has vanished.
The fog hasn't fully cleared yet.
The fog helped me evade my pursuers.
The fog in the street became thicker and thicker.
The fog is dense.
The fog is getting thick.
The fog is getting thicker.
The fog is gone.
The fog is growing thicker.
The fog is lifting.
The fog is so thick that we can't see the road.
The fog is very dense indeed.
The fog lifted quickly.
The fog lifted, and everything was fine.
The fog lifted.
The fog made driving difficult.
The fog made it nearly impossible to see.
The fog no longer crackled with electricity.
The fog prevented a helicopter search.
The fog prevented him from seeing very far ahead.
The fog prevented the planes from taking off.
The fog reeked of oil.
The fog rises.
The fog seemed to eat up the town and all of its inhabitants.
The fog soon blurred out the figure of a man walking in front of him.
The fog started to dissipate about ten o'clock.
The fog was retreating back to the creek.
The fog was rising from the lake.
The fog was so dense, we could hardly see anything.
The fog was so thick that I couldn't see my hand in front of my face.
The fog was so thick that I couldn't see my hand stretched out in front of my face.
The fog was so thick that I couldn't see where I was going.
The fog was so thick that we couldn't see the shops on the other side of the road.
The fog was so thick that you could barely see your hand in front of your face.
The fog was thickening quickly.
The fog was very dense during the early morning.
The fog was very thick this morning.
The fog won't clear until there's a wind to blow it away.
The fog won’t clear until there’s a wind to blow it away.
The fog's very dense.
The folder burnt to ashes.
The folder caught fire.
The folder fell out of Vladimir's backpack.
The folder is empty.
The folder was password-protected.
The foliage is very dense.
The folic acid used in fortified foods poses greater health risks than naturally occurring folates.
The folk singer introduced an enchanting ditty about nature.
The folks at the Carnegie Observatories recently stumbled across something rare as they sifted through their archives to help a researcher.
The folks heading back right now waved at him.
The folks who lived before me have done so much for me that I want to show my gratitude by doing something for the folks who will live after me.
The followers attribute various negative events and misfortunes to the Devil's influence in the world.
The followers firmly uphold the belief that the Devil is a powerful and malevolent entity.
The following May, she was farmed out on the first of four work details as a servant in white households.
The following are the rules.
The following books on loan have passed their return date. We kindly ask that they be returned as soon as possible.
The following data has been made publicly available.
The following day he was found dead in the bedroom.
The following day the pain returned.
The following day when I woke up, I started puking, and the puke was bloodstained.
The following day, I didn't get up until midday.
The following day, I saw the girl.
The following day, Sophie combed and dressed her doll because her friends were coming over.
The following day, however, the doctor consoled him by telling him that his chances of being able to leave hospital in time for New Year celebrations were good.
The following day, the pain had returned.
The following days were serene and rich in diversions.
The following descriptive analysis was derived from over 1500 closely-monitored questionnaires.
The following example of sick humor will enable you to judge for yourself.
The following fairy tales retold in English in 1918 were based on Dutch legends and collected in the book, Dutch Fairy Tales for Young Folks, 1918.
The following images are not for the faint of heart.
The following is a complete history of Congressional legislation in regard to the protection of the buffalo from wanton slaughter and ultimate extinction.
The following is a summary of the President's speech.
The following is a summary of the President’s speech.
The following is an assortment of some old country music songs for your listening pleasure.
The following is an example.
The following is his story.
The following is my actual address.
The following is the list of people who have volunteered.
The following is the project's progress.
The following is thought to be one of the reasons stress damages the stomach's mucous membrane.
The following is thought to be one of the reasons stress damages the stomach’s mucous membrane.
The following is true: the latter is false.
The following is what he started to think, as he made his way to room 418.
The following is what he told me.
The following list is roughly organized in order of translation or publication date.
The following list of material will be needed, and, if the builder does not care to do the rough work, the stock can be ordered planed, sanded and cut to the exact size of the dimensions given.
The following morning I had an almighty hangover.
The following morning she said close to my ears: "We're going back to Paris tonight. He says that there's no way that he'll leave me alone in such a sad place. That's how it is."
The following morning, Caroll Stadt had disappeared.
The following morning, Mrs. Inglethorp stayed in bed to breakfast.
The following morning, the snowman was completely melted.
The following passage is a quotation from a well-known fable.
The following passage is an excerpt from a well-known fairy story.
The following passage is taken from a well-known fairy story.
The following passage was quoted from a well-known fable.
The following people were put to the test.
The following persons passed the examination.
The following program is intended only for mature audiences.
The following scene contains language of explicit nature.
The following sentence is true. The preceding sentence is false.
The following sentence looks similar, but means something different.
The following story is true.
The following table shows our consolidated statements of operations for the years indicated.
The following tips can help.
The following verbs only take the to-infinitive as their object.
The following was inspired in part by a true story.
The following words are called pronouns and are used as the subject of a sentence. They represent a person or a thing.
The following words of wisdom are attributed to Confucius: "If you want to know the future, study the past."
The following year, Portugal granted independence to all of its African colonies.
The following year, the Ellice Islands became the separate British colony of Tuvalu.
The following year, the First World War broke out.
The followings are the chief events of 1993.
The font is too large.
The font is too small.
The fontanelle allows for a baby's skull growth.
The food Tom cooked for us didn't taste all that bad.
The food and service are excellent.
The food at Benedito's restaurant is delicious.
The food at my school is better than some other schools, but still isn't very good.
The food at that new restaurant is sensational.
The food at that restaurant is excellent.
The food at that restaurant is really good, you should try it.
The food at that restaurant is really good.
The food at that restaurant is too greasy for me.
The food at that restaurant is too spicy for me.
The food at that restaurant isn't very good.
The food at that restaurant was lousy.
The food at that restaurant wasn't all that delicious.
The food at that restaurant wasn't all that good.
The food at that restaurant wasn't all that great.
The food at that restaurant wasn't as good as I thought it was going to be.
The food at that restaurant wasn't as good as I thought it would be.
The food at that restaurant wasn't very good.
The food at the canteen isn't very good, and the menu contains mostly unhealthy foods, too salted or sweetened.
The food at the canteen isn’t very good, and the menu contains mostly unhealthy foods, too salted or sweetened.
The food at the new restaurant is nothing special - average at best.
The food at the party was not tasty.
The food at the party was really good.
The food at the party was really incredible.
The food at the party was really quite good.
The food at the party wasn't very good, was it?
The food at the party wasn't very good.
The food at the restaurant that Tom and I ate at last night was delicious.
The food at the restaurant where Tom and I ate at last night was delicious.
The food at the restaurant where we ate yesterday wasn't as good as I had expected it to be.
The food at the restaurant where we ate yesterday wasn't as good as I had expected.
The food at this cafeteria is very good.
The food at this camp is terrible.
The food at this hot pot restaurant really tastes pretty good. Let's come here again next time.
The food at this hot pot restaurant tastes really good. Let's come here again next time.
The food at this hotel is excellent.
The food at this restaurant is not good, the prices expensive, and the service lousy. In short, don't go to this restaurant.
The food at this restaurant isn't as good as what we ate yesterday.
The food at this restaurant was only marginally better despite the price.
The food athletes eat is just as important as what kind of exercises they do.
The food bank is staffed entirely by volunteers.
The food becomes cold.
The food court at the mall is noisy.
The food did not get wasted.
The food did not go to waste.
The food didn't get wasted.
The food didn't go to waste.
The food didn't look particularly appetising.
The food didn't look very appetizing.
The food didn't taste all that bad.
The food didn't taste that bad.
The food didn't taste very good.
The food disagreed with Tom.
The food disagreed with him.
The food disappeared into the beast's maw.
The food goes down into the stomach through the esophagus.
The food got stuck in his throat.
The food had a slimy consistency that was revolting.
The food has arrived.
The food has been waiting for forty minutes.
The food has gone cold.
The food has gone off.
The food has spoiled because of the heat.
The food has turned into maggots.
The food hasn't been touched.
The food he prepares now is a meticulous recreation of imperial recipes he researched in the archives of the Forbidden City, where the emperor lived.
The food here is amazing.
The food here is excellent.
The food here is fantastic.
The food here is inexpensive and delicious.
The food here is really good.
The food here is terrible.
The food here is too expensive.
The food here isn't fit to eat.
The food here isn't very good.
The food in Algiers is absolutely incredible.
The food in Singapore is really good.
The food in jail was better.
The food in my country is not very different from that of Spain.
The food in our university canteen is cheap and tasty.
The food in the cafeteria is cheap, and it's delicious.
The food in this hotel is very good.
The food in this restaurant is bland.
The food in this restaurant is tasteless.
The food in this restaurant is very expensive.
The food industry in China is so downright criminal, that city slickers become part-time farmers.
The food is already on the table.
The food is always arranged so artistically.
The food is bad.
The food is bland.
The food is cold.
The food is cooked over low heat.
The food is decent.
The food is delicious.
The food is edible.
The food is excellent and I eat there often.
The food is excellent.
The food is fantastic.
The food is far too cold.
The food is fine.
The food is fresh and healthy.
The food is getting cold.
The food is going to get cold.
The food is good, and service is good here.
The food is good, but you could have added a bit more salt.
The food is good.
The food is great.
The food is heated in the oven.
The food is horrible.
The food is in the refrigerator. The refrigerator is in the kitchen.
The food is included.
The food is inedible.
The food is not good.
The food is not particularly good here.
The food is on the table.
The food is ready now.
The food is ready.
The food is sensational at that new restaurant.
The food is spicy.
The food is spoiled.
The food is still hot.
The food is still warm.
The food is terrible.
The food is too salty.
The food is too spicy for me.
The food is too spicy for you, isn't it?
The food is tremendous.
The food is very bad.
The food is very good and the same is true of the service.
The food is very good here.
The food is very good in the dormitory where he lives.
The food is very good, and the same is true of the service.
The food is very good.
The food is very yummy tonight.
The food is way too cold.
The food is wonderful.
The food isn't too great.
The food isn't very good here.
The food isn’t very good here.
The food looks delicious.
The food looks incredible.
The food looks positively delicious.
The food looks tasty.
The food looks very delicious.
The food made Tom sick.
The food made Ziri sick.
The food needs more salt.
The food on this cruise made me severely constipated.
The food pantry operates on private donations.
The food seems very delicious.
The food smells really good.
The food smells.
The food spoiled because of the heat.
The food stayed there.
The food still has to cool down.
The food supplies will not hold out till then.
The food tasted a bit garlicky.
The food tasted amazing.
The food tasted slightly of garlic.
The food tasted weird.
The food that was dropped from the helicopter is what kept us alive.
The food the restaurant offered us was so cold and salty that it was far from satisfying.
The food there was better than I expected.
The food there was disgusting.
The food there wasn't as good as I expected.
The food there wasn't very good.
The food was already on the table.
The food was better in prison.
The food was bland.
The food was cheap, but inedible.
The food was contaminated, apparently.
The food was decent.
The food was delicious.
The food was exceptional.
The food was finger-licking good.
The food was finished and Lukas loaded it into his car.
The food was free.
The food was great in Australia.
The food was great in Italy.
The food was highly peppered.
The food was horrible, and the waiter, surly.
The food was meant for the kids.
The food was nearly enough but no one felt full.
The food was nearly inedible.
The food was not actually all that expensive.
The food was not bad, as hotel food goes.
The food was not fit for man or beast.
The food was not there.
The food was rather salty.
The food was really good the last time I was here.
The food was really good. I just wish that I didn't have to wait an hour to get it.
The food was really hot.
The food was scrumptious.
The food was so good that I ate too much.
The food was still steaming.
The food was terrible -all the same I didn't complain.
The food was terrible -all the same I didn’t complain.
The food was terrible, but I did not complain.
The food was terrible.
The food was untouched.
The food was very good when I was last here.
The food was very good.
The food was very salty.
The food was very stodgy.
The food was very tasty.
The food was wonderful.
The food wasn't good, but at least it was cheap.
The food wasn't that great.
The food wasn't very delicious, but otherwise the party was a success.
The food wasn't wasted.
The food wasn’t good, but at least it was cheap.
The food wasn’t that great.
The food went bad in the hot weather.
The food's always good here.
The food's always good here; that's why we come for lunch almost every day.
The food's good.
The food's here.
The food's not good.
The food's not ready yet.
The food's ready.
The food's spoiled because of the heat.
The food's too cold.
The foods collected will be noted afterward to flood victims.
The food’s not ready yet.
The fool capered about the room, pointing his sceptre at various nobles.
The fool is happy.
The fool laments that which he has lost and values not that which he still has.
The fool ran off.
The fool runs after the pleasures of life and sees himself cheated; the sage avoids evils.
The fool wanders. The wise man travels.
The foot contains an ankle and five toes with nails.
The foot feels the foot when it feels the ground.
The footage from his camera, that he uploaded to an Instagram account, became popular all around the world.
The footage from that accident was so horrifying that it made me want to look away.
The footage looked very credible.
The footage only shows Rodrigo’s feet.
The footage showed everything.
The footage was just too dark to identify the intruder's face.
The football World Cup will be held in Brazil in 2014.
The football club has a zero-tolerance policy on referee abuse.
The football coach will notice that Layla is a girl.
The football field was absolutely sodden.
The football game ended with neither team scoring a single point.
The football game is now being broadcast.
The football game is now in action.
The football game is now on the air.
The football game is on the air.
The football game is tomorrow.
The football game might be called off on account of rain.
The football game was broadcast across the country.
The football game was postponed on account of bad weather.
The football highlights were broadcast without presenters or commentary.
The football manager tried an elaborate new tactic but it didn't come off.
The football match attracted a large crowd.
The football match hasn't started yet.
The football match is tomorrow.
The football match was broadcast live on television.
The football match was broadcasted live on television.
The football match was postponed because of bad weather.
The football match will begin at half past eight.
The football player faked an injury.
The football player has made a huge mistake.
The football players were tired, but happy.
The football season begins in late summer.
The football supporters got off the bus with great cacophony.
The footballer faked an injury.
The footballer is tying his bootlaces.
The footballer is tying his boots.
The footballer is tying his laces.
The footballer ties his bootlaces.
The footballer ties his boots.
The footballer was sent off for giving the referee the middle finger.
The footman announced the arrival of the duchess.
The footnote was too small that it went unnoticed by the readers.
The footnotes are at the bottom of the page.
The footnotes are marked with an asterisk.
The footpath is slippery.
The footpath is well maintained.
The footpath runs along the river.
The footpath was covered with fallen leaves.
The footpath was covered with fallen plums.
The footpath winds its way across open fields.
The footpath wound its way across open fields.
The footprints continued down to the river.
The footprints faded away in the mud.
The footprints led straight to the woods.
The footprints led to the woods.
The footprints were 18 to 24 centimeters long, suggesting that the creatures’ bodies were almost 3 meters long.
The footprints were massive.
The footprints weren't Tom's.
The footsteps approach, and become louder.
The footsteps began slowly walking up the stairs.
The footsteps came towards Ziri's bed.
The footsteps continued on to the bathroom.
The footsteps continued to ascend.
The footsteps didn't sound like human steps.
The footsteps disappeared.
The footsteps faded into the distance.
The footsteps got closer and louder.
The footsteps grew louder and louder.
The footsteps moved away from Ziri's bed.
The footsteps moved closer.
The footsteps must belong to a bear.
The footsteps never stopped.
The footsteps reached Lorenzo's door.
The footsteps reached the top of the staircase.
The footsteps sounded big.
The footsteps sounded like they walked right towards me.
The footsteps sounded slow.
The footsteps stopped.
The footsteps suddenly stopped.
The footsteps walked away.
The footsteps walked closer and closer, at a fast and steady pace.
The footsteps went in that direction.
The footsteps were coming closer to Diego's room.
The footsteps were coming right towards out tent.
The footsteps were coming towards my tent.
The footsteps were going back and forth really loudly.
The footsteps were moving away from Ziri.
The footsteps were pacing back and forth.
The footsteps were slow, but steady.
The footwear the murderer left at the crime scene was a red herring.
The forbearer of ecological disaster is the thinning of the ozone layer.
The forbidden nature of some kinks adds to the excitement.
The force carriers for gravity are hypothetical things called gravitons, for electromagnetism they're the photons.
The force held out bravely against their enemy's attacks.
The force held out bravely against their enemy’s attacks.
The force let Ziri go.
The force of action is equal to the force of reaction.
The force of gravity between two objects is proportional to the product of the two masses, and inversely proportional to the square of the distance between their centers of mass.
The force of habit often imposes itself.
The force of the current carried the bridge away.
The force of the sand against her legs, and the shine of the sun's blue light on her eyelids, catalyzed her out-of-body experience.
The force of the water tore the dress right off her body.
The force of the wind made it difficult to walk.
The force will be with you, always.
The forces for good and evil are in all of us, but we must learn to free ourselves of the chains of malice and the longing for material things.
The forces of evil must not prevail.
The forces of nature have started to decay this abandoned town.
The forces were not equal.
The forearm and the hand are linked by a joint called the wrist.
The forebearing use of power does not only form a touchstone, but the manner in which an individual uses it, is the test of a true gentleman.
The forecast calls for rain.
The forecast didn't call for rain.
The forecast didn’t call for rain.
The forecast for next year is even better.
The forecast for the coming week gives hope of some settled summer weather.
The forecast for tomorrow is for more rain.
The forecast for tomorrow is more rain.
The forecast is for clear skies tonight.
The forecast is for more rain this weekend.
The forecast is for ten degrees today.
The forecast rain never eventuated.
The forecast says it will begin to rain tonight.
The forecast says it'll snow tomorrow.
The forecast says it's going to rain in a bit.
The forecourt looked grimy, like it hadn't been cleaned in days.
The forefathers passed it down this way.
The foreground of the scene had grown funereally dark, and near objects put on the hues and shapes of chimaeras.
The foreign billionaire carried out a coup.
The foreign executives visited the manufacturing plant.
The foreign minister attended the talks.
The foreign minister said that no one had the right to be angry at Russia.
The foreign minister said that the war had been inevitable.
The foreign minister will act for the Prime Minister in his absence.
The foreign singer sang beautifully.
The foreign students felt alienated and excluded due to the English teacher's mocking behavior.
The foreign students felt humiliated and discouraged by the English teacher's mocking remarks.
The foreign tourists sat on the bus and looked out the window.
The foreign woman does not have an Italian name.
The foreigner answered with a long, incoherent sentence.
The foreigner comes from Scotland.
The foreigner didn't know Japanese at all.
The foreigner didn’t know Japanese at all.
The foreigner does not have an Italian name.
The foreigner soon got used to Japanese food.
The foreigner speaks Japanese as if it were his native language.
The foreigner speaks Japanese fairly well.
The foreigner spoke Japanese as if it were her mother tongue.
The foreigners are having a tennis tournament. Do you want to go?
The foreigners are having a tennis tournament. Would you like to come and watch it?
The foreman docked me an hour's pay for getting to work late.
The foreman is a film lover.
The foreman told the construction workers they could take a lunch break.
The forensic analysis couldn't determine where the mud had come from.
The forensic pathologist works at the municipal body farm.
The forensic technician found gunshot residue on the victim's hand.
The forensics team put tape around the area.
The foresight of financial experts was, as so often, a poor guide to the future.
The forest abounds in trees.
The forest animal eats plants.
The forest animals were on time. Only the fox arrived late.
The forest area has been divided into three sectors.
The forest around us got darker.
The forest borders the highway on two sides.
The forest burned for days.
The forest burned for thirteen days.
The forest contains many different plants.
The forest creatures were on time; only the fox was late.
The forest enveloped Fyodor.
The forest fell silent again.
The forest felt quite peaceful.
The forest fire began to spread in all directions.
The forest fire broke out in this area.
The forest fire burned for days. The wind blew the smoke hundreds of miles.
The forest fire continues to burn, but it is not spreading any further.
The forest fire occurred through carelessness.
The forest grew smaller and smaller, but the trees chose the axe again and again, because it was wise and could persuade the trees that it was one of them due to its wooden handle.
The forest grew thicker and darker.
The forest has gone silent.
The forest has trees.
The forest hummed, whistled, and gurgled.
The forest is a great place for outdoor activities.
The forest is a home to many animals.
The forest is a peaceful place.
The forest is burning.
The forest is enchanted.
The forest is filled with dangerous creatures, including beasts, snakes, poisonous insects, and whatnot.
The forest is filled with tall trees.
The forest is full of birds and animals of all kinds.
The forest is full of trees.
The forest is green.
The forest is home to many different kinds of plants and animals.
The forest is home to more than 10,000 species of insect, 180 bird species and 58 species of mammal.
The forest is hostile.
The forest is in a better state of preservation.
The forest is its home.
The forest is my home.
The forest is not a very safe-feeling place.
The forest is not very dense.
The forest is on fire.
The forest is really beautiful in autumn.
The forest is said to be haunted.
The forest is silent today.
The forest is silent.
The forest is small.
The forest is teeming with life.
The forest is teeming with monkeys.
The forest is the home of many animals.
The forest is threatened by illegal logging.
The forest is very beautiful in the fall.
The forest is very thick.
The forest isn't big enough for an animal much bigger than a wild boar.
The forest isn't that big, but it's easy to get lost in.
The forest overlooks the city.
The forest path had been utterly covered by snow.
The forest path was completely covered with snow.
The forest provided Gustavo with a sense of grounding, reminding him of his place in the grand tapestry of life.
The forest resumed its regular noises.
The forest spirits told me.
The forest was a great inspiration for Matthew's artwork.
The forest was a great place for Matthew to escape the stresses of everyday life.
The forest was a great place for Matthew to exercise and stay in shape.
The forest was a magical place to Matthew, and he felt like he was in a fairy tale.
The forest was a special place for Matthew, and he felt lucky to live so close to it.
The forest was always a source of peace and tranquility for Matthew.
The forest was bathed in sunlight.
The forest was burnt.
The forest was completely quiet again.
The forest was covered with snow and the evenings were quiet as animals slept through the cold winter nights.
The forest was covered with snow.
The forest was dark.
The forest was eerily quiet.
The forest was felled.
The forest was full of wildlife, and Matthew often spotted deer and rabbits there.
The forest was illuminate​d by a lantern.
The forest was in flames for three days.
The forest was quiet then.
The forest was silent again.
The forest was silent then.
The forest was silent.
The forest was so dense, it was almost impossible to cross it.
The forest was so thick that one could hardly walk through it.
The forest was so vast that Matthew could get lost in it for hours.
The forest was thick and impenetrable.
The forest was very familiar to Ziri.
The forest was very still.
The forest was very tranquil.
The forest was, for some strange reason, quiet.
The forest went quiet again.
The forest-dwellers did not lack amusement.
The forests in Taiwan stay green all year round.
The forests in this region are mainly coniferous.
The forests of Jijel and Skikda are a wonderful sight to see.
The forests of Vermont were so beautiful in the fall when the leaves changed color, and Matthew loved to take photographs.
The forgery of letters has been such a common practice in the world, that the probability is at least equal, whether they are genuine or forged.
The forgetative is the hardest grammatical case in Esperanto!
The fork fell off of the table.
The fork fell off the table.
The fork is bent.
The fork is dirty.
The fork is missing.
The fork is small.
The fork isn't as clean as the plates.
The fork made its way to Western tables several hundred years later, but it was not immediately accepted.
The fork's gone.
The form has to be filled out using either blue or black ink.
The form of language changes over time.
The form of the text has value in analysis.
The form varies, but in principle you remain alone.
The formal name for the spacesuit used on the International Space Station is the Extravehicular Mobility Unit, or EMU.
The format is different.
The formation and movement of hurricanes are capricious, even with our present-day technology.
The formation of youth is the renewal of the world.
The former "Desperate Housewives'' television star was also given a $30,000 fine and 250 hours of community service.
The former Argentine currency was Austral. Its symbol was "â‚³".
The former Argentine currency was Austral. Its symbol was "₳".
The former Danvers State Insane Asylum, built 1878, was repurposed and is now the site of high-end apartments in Danvers, Massachusetts.
The former Italian currency was the lira and its symbol was "â‚¤". It’s not related to the Turkish lira.
The former Italian currency was the lira and its symbol was "₤". It's not related to the Turkish lira.
The former President's death was announced.
The former Soviet Union used unmanned probes to take 301 grams of moon soil samples between 1970 and 1976.
The former Wilbur Chocolate Company in Philadelphia is now home to the Chocolate Works, a residential apartment complex with one- and two-bedroom units.
The former baroque residence of the abbot now houses the town history museum.
The former brigand now lives a quiet life.
The former captain was superior to the present one.
The former director is in a doghouse.
The former half of the film was dull.
The former head of state left the public stage years ago.
The former is better than the latter.
The former is inferior to the latter in some respect.
The former kings are not forgotten.
The former legendary Haçienda nightclub in Manchester is now a block of flats.
The former minister of energy was elected president on Sunday.
The former president is being investigated over allegations of graft, bribery, illegal possession of state assets and other offenses.
The former president of South Africa has passed away.
The former president of a certain association has been arrested on suspicion of breach of trust.
The former president of the United States is the only American who knows the president of every country.
The former prisoner-of-war camp is now a museum.
The former record holder managed to complete this task in thirty seconds and thirteen hundredths of a second.
The former teacher allowed intelligent students to express themselves: he often uses his time to give only advice. He is like the person responsible for the distribution of irrigation water in the villages: he only channels the water to the right recipient.
The formerly homeless person now lives in a first-class residence.
The forms of grammatical features are determined as far as possible by means of the method worked out for the “standardization” of forms of words as analyzed in the Introduction to the Interlingua-English Dictionary.
The formula of Coca-Cola is considered one of the world's best kept secrets.
The formula works like magic.
The fort can be visited all year round.
The fort can be visited throughout the year.
The fort was attacked by surprise.
The fortified village rose against the lord’s castle, defied it first, attacked it next, and finally destroyed it.
The fortress being out of supplies, its protectors had to give up.
The fortress can't withstand another attack.
The fortress fell into the hands of the enemy.
The fortress fell.
The fortress is under siege.
The fortress was in the enemy's hands.
The fortress was in the enemy’s hands.
The fortress was secure from every kind of attack.
The fortress was truly impenetrable.
The fortress will fall.
The fortuitous coincidence of circumstances led to an unexpected collaboration.
The fortune of Elon Musk began with his Afrikaner family's blood emerald mine.
The fortune of the interstitial military groups waxed and waned, for the exigencies of warfare were considerably high.
The fortune teller interpreted my dream.
The fortune teller told Boldi that he would reap a big fortune.
The fortune teller told me I'd become very rich.
The fortune teller told me that I'd be wealthy.
The fortune was divided among the three brothers.
The fortune you seek is in another cookie.
The fortune-tellers told me I would become very rich.
The forum is open to the public.
The forum looks lethargic; maybe it's your diet.
The forum was moved to a new server.
The forward kicked a goal.
The forward of his command should learn to admit defeats.
The fossil proved to be the first one of its kind that revealed the tail fin contour in its entirety.
The fossilized footprints had originally been thought to belong to a pterosaur — a flying dinosaur — that had been walking on two legs.
The fossilized remains of food found between the ribs of some specimens, in the place where the stomach was, together with fossil excrement, called coprolites, usually attributed to these animals, prove that they fed largely upon fishes, squids, belemnites, and probably other invertebrates.
The fossilized skeleton of a ferocious Tyrannosaurus rex dinosaur will be on exhibit next year in the new fossil hall at the Museum of Natural History.
The fossils of Yellowstone have long been studied and have already contributed to important scientific findings.
The foundation have decided to restore that lovely old house.
The foundation is already laid out.
The foundation is bedded in concrete.
The foundation is cracking.
The foundation of a college was her great ambition.
The foundation of a good friendship requires time and mutual trust.
The foundation of a strong family is shared values and open communication.
The foundation of free nations is democracy.
The foundation of scientific theory is based on empirical data and hard evidence.
The foundation of this house is beginning to weaken.
The foundation spends enough on advertising.
The founder died two months ago.
The founder of Citroën Mr. André Citroën is Jewish.
The founder of Facebook, Mark Zuckerberg, is almost a casanova.
The founder of the Maratha Empire was Shivaji Maharaj, a man of great valour and a charismatic leader.
The founder of the Peace Corps exhorted its volunteers to let their actions speak for their hearts, for their minds and for their country.
The founder of the impressionist movement, with his 1872 masterpiece “Impression, Sunrise”—of a red sun burning through fog at Le Havre port— gardened and painted here until his death.
The founding fathers established safeguards against all the forms of concentrated power they knew about: the church, the state, the mob; but they didn't know about corporations.
The founding fathers of the confederacy were staunchly opposed to giving more powers to the federal government.
The foundry changed owners.
The fountain is distinguished by refined simplicity.
The fountain is lit with multi-colored lights.
The fountain is muddy.
The fountain is one of the city's most famous landmarks.
The fountain is over there.
The fountain is the source of a small stream which runs through the town.
The fountain pen is in the pencil case.
The fountain sends hot water to a height of 170 feet.
The fountain was in a grotto-like nook, where benches of cement decked with scallop shells were set round a basin with the figures of two small boys in it bestriding that of a lamb, all employed in letting the water dribble from their mouths.
The fountain water is very good, it's clean and cool.
The fountains also of the deep, and the floodgates of heaven, were shut up, and the rain from heaven was restrained.
The four Galilean moons are called: Io, Europa, Ganymede and Callisto.
The four basic elements are Earth, Air, Fire and Water.
The four books already mentioned, Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John, are altogether anecdotal.
The four boys, in fact, haven’t broken any rules.
The four cardinal points are three: South and North.
The four have not been tested but are presumed to be infected with the coronavirus.
The four of them threw themselves onto me.
The four of us died.
The four of us formed a circle.
The four of us should work on that.
The four of us talked very well.
The four of us went out on a double date.
The four pacts include simplification of visa and customs rules to boost trade and reduce tariff barriers.
The four politicians were ousted immediately after a legislative committee ruled that the government could disqualify any lawmaker believed to be a threat to national security without going through the courts.
The four seasons are spring, summer, autumn and winter.
The four seasons are: spring, summer, autumn and winter.
The four seasons of the year are spring, summer, autumn, and winter.
The four seconds felt like four years.
The four sisters are wonderful. The eldest is the most beautiful.
The four sisters live in Rome.
The four years of battles in trenches was intended – as the British and Americans idealistically insisted – to be the “war to end all wars.” But little more than 20 years later global conflict would again erupt with casualties on an unprecedented scale.
The four-day conference gave those engaged in research on elephants, mammoths, mastodons and related fauna of the Pleistocene and Holocene epochs the opportunity to gather and explore the relevance of their prehistoric research in today's world.
The four-lane road was revamped into a modern street bustling with pedestrians and cyclists.
The four-phase immunization plan is based on scientific evidence, as well as expert advice and guidance from the public health leadership committee.
The four-year old prodigy composed a symphony.
The fourteenth most common letter in Esperanto is "m".
The fourteenth was the furthest from my mind... or was it the fifteenth?
The fourth day is Thursday.
The fourth day of February is the thirty-fifth day of the year.
The fourth day of the week is Thursday.
The fourth game, the fourth draw. Carlsen 2, Nepo 2. When will we have a winner?
The fourth is called Numbers, since at the beginning of the book the great number of the children of Israel are listed by their tribes and families.
The fourth month is called April.
The fourth period was moved up to the third.
The fourth sister was not so brave; she stayed in the remotest part of the ocean, and, according to her account, that was the most beautiful spot.
The fourth time she conceived and bore a son, and said: Now will I praise the Lord: and for this she called him Juda. And she left bearing.
The fourth wall was invented for a reason.
The fowler's pipe sounds sweet till the bird is caught.
The fowler’s pipe sounds sweet till the bird is caught.
The fowls were well roasted by the cook.
The fox and the bear lived together.
The fox and the tanuki were very clever, prudent beasts, and they also were skilled in magic, and by this means had escaped the fate of their unfortunate friends.
The fox came along the path.
The fox came down the path.
The fox changes its fur, but not its vices.
The fox decided to go and visit the geese.
The fox doesn't fall for the same trap.
The fox has a long tail and pointed ears.
The fox hid in the hollow of a tree.
The fox hid in the hollow tree.
The fox is eating a hen.
The fox is the most cunning of all animals.
The fox let out a yip in the night.
The fox scampered off after a few seconds.
The fox scurried to the living room and answered the phone.
The fox sneaks around the house.
The fox stole the hen.
The fox trail leads to a burrow.
The fox was shot by Tom.
The foxes are in their den.
The foxes that have been exposed to radiation in Chernobyl for twenty-nine years no longer fear humans and are willing to eat from their hands.
The fraction b/a means b times 1/a.
The fracture is not displaced, and no surgery is required.
The fracture must be X-rayed.
The fracture needs to be X-rayed.
The fracture needs to be splinted.
The fracture wasn't as serious as we thought.
The fragile balloon burst instantly.
The fragrance of roses is in the air.
The frail old man stubbornly refused to make use of a wheelchair.
The frailties of the old lecher were both physical and moral.
The frame has to be sanded and varnished.
The frame is worth more than the painting.
The frame itself is worth more than the picture.
The frame of the building is now complete.
The frame of the house should be finished in a day or two.
The frame of the machine should be rigid.
The frame still has to be sanded.
The frame still needs to be sanded.
The framework of the new building is progressively appearing.
The framework of the new building is slowly taking form.
The franchise of Star Trek is quintessential in science fiction. I grew up with the show, as a child in the Philippines to a child in North America. The franchise is real adventure and exploration. Visiting Italy, in the hotel room, I saw Star Trek: The Next Generation dubbed in Italian. Since then, I have watched various series of the Star Trek franchise in French and Spanish, besides in the original English.
The frantic shouts and screams of the excited household and guests made the confusion indescribable when it was found that scarcely anything of the costly building could be saved.
The fraud goes on.
The freak show came to town!
The freakin' previews scare the crap out of me!
The free access which many young people have to romances, novels, and plays has poisoned the mind and corrupted the morals of many a promising youth; and prevented others from improving their minds in useful knowledge. Parents take care to feed their children with wholesome diet; and yet how unconcerned about the provision for the mind, whether they are furnished with salutary food, or with trash, chaff, or poison?
The free lunch is over.
The free market should decide.
The free market system is endangered.
The free ride is over.
The free version of the app contains ads.
The freedom movement started as a trickle and turned into a gusher.
The freedom of expression was strictly limited.
The freedom of faith, of conscience and of religious and ideological confession are inviolable.
The freedom of man consists not of the fact that he can do what he wants to, but the fact that he doesn't have to do what he doesn't want to.
The freedom of the press should not be interfered with.
The freedom to love means to love others; to love power is to love oneself.
The freedom to surf the Internet is restricted in that country.
The freeway ends soon, so you should start slowing down.
The freezer compartment wasn't shut properly, so now we've got a puddle of melted ice in the kitchen and everything's thawed out.
The freezer is chock-full of ice cream that I bought in bulk.
The freezer's in the garage.
The freight on the ship got soaked.
The freight train was held up about half an hour because of a dense fog.
The freight was insured against all risks.
The freighter transports goods across the sea.
The frequency of crime in the town is high.
The frequency of earthquakes lately is worrying.
The frequency of use of a particular noun can vary depending on the context.
The frescoes of the cathedral are very interesting.
The fresh air is wonderful.
The fresh beauty of the following morning did something to efface from our minds the grim and grey impression which had been left upon both of us by our first experience of Baskerville Hall.
The fresh herbs in Benedito's salad add a pop of flavor.
The fresh leaves are rampant.
The fresh pizzas play a key role in the success of this restaurant.
The fresh snow is soft and easy to sweep.
The fresh snow looks beautiful on the hill.
The fresh snow made everything look clean and bright, and Mark felt happy to be outside.
The fresh strawberries went like hot cakes.
The freshest of all scents, if it exists, is definitely not laundry soap.
The freshest watermelon is discovered by knocking on its rind.
The freshly baked cake smelt tempting.
The freshly-baked bread was delicious.
The freshness of the morning made me wide awake.
The freshwater ecosystem includes rivers, lakes, and streams, and is home to many aquatic organisms.
The freshwater stickleback fish was introduced into the tank.
The friar is more interested in brewing beer than he is the church.
The friction between the Americans and the British mounted.
The friction by the chalk on the black board made a disagreeable noise.
The friction that occurs during the violent vaporization process generates the flare.
The fridge doesn't work.
The fridge drawer is stuck, I can't open it.
The fridge exploded.
The fridge is a mess.
The fridge is broken.
The fridge is bursting with food.
The fridge is completely empty.
The fridge is dirty.
The fridge is empty!
The fridge is empty.
The fridge is full of food.
The fridge is not empty, unless the repairman took the last beer.
The fridge is open.
The fridge is overloaded with condiments.
The fridge is very loud.
The fridge isn't working.
The fridge was a yawning chasm of emptiness: inside were only three bottles of beer.
The fridge was completely empty.
The fridge was covered in the kid's artwork, an entire gallery of crayons, kraft paper and ubiquitous glitter.
The fridge was empty.
The fridge was plugged in.
The fridge wasn't turned on.
The fridge will be paid in three equal instalments.
The fried zucchini was delicious.
The friend I wanted to go on vacation with is in this train.
The friend educates the friend.
The friend of a friend is also a friend.
The friend of my enemy is my enemy.
The friend was absent.
The friend who I thought would pass the exam failed it.
The friend whom I invited never showed up.
The friendly canine had been a favorite at the shelter.
The friends I studied with have moved all over the world.
The friends chatted on and on with each other.
The friends kissed each other on the cheek.
The friends of truth are those who seek it, not those who boast about having found it.
The friends often talked about partnership problems.
The friends spent a lot of money on their shopping trip.
The friends that we have lost are not resting in the earth, they are buried in our heart, and it's God who wanted it that way so that we would always be accompanied.
The friends you keep say a lot about you.
The friendship between France and Algeria runs very, very deep.
The friendship between Tom and Mary quickly developed into something more serious.
The friendship between Winston Lord, who was born to wealth and privilege, and Leslie Gelb, who was not, started when Lord’s wife and Gelb were students at Tufts University in Massachusetts. It ended in August when Gelb died.
The friendship of a great man is a gift from the gods.
The fries will be free too.
The frieze included a cherub and a heart.
The frigate set sail immediately.
The frightened boy flees so he will not be caught.
The frightened boy's heart palpitated with terror.
The frightened boy's voice was shaking with terror.
The frightened boy’s heart palpitated with terror.
The frightened boy’s voice was shaking with terror.
The frigid air stung our faces.
The fringe is, I think, the best part of that.
The fringe of your dress is beautiful.
The frog and I took turns guessing what the secret recipe was.
The frog appeared to be dead.
The frog became a prince.
The frog came out of the water.
The frog croaks 'ribbit'.
The frog croaks.
The frog dived underwater.
The frog felt slimy and squishy.
The frog hopped around.
The frog in the well knows nothing of the ocean.
The frog in the well.
The frog inflated himself more and more, until finally he burst.
The frog is fat.
The frog jumped into the pond.
The frog jumps on the water lily.
The frog jumps, because it doesn't know how to walk.
The frog seemed dead.
The frog that lives in a well doesn't know that the sea exists.
The frog the princess kissed turned into a prince.
The frog turned Tom into a witch.
The frog turned into a prince.
The frog was still sitting on the lily pad when I came back.
The frog went underwater.
The frogman jumped into the canal.
The frogs are coming back soon.
The frogs are jumping from one lily pad to another.
The frogs arrived.
The frogs create a great ecosystem for the garden.
The frogs use this pond for a week or two to do their mating ritual.
The frogs' croaking helped me fall asleep.
The front and back entrances are watched, but with caution we may get away through the side window and across the fields.
The front brakes are disc brakes.
The front brakes don't work.
The front door burst open.
The front door is locked.
The front door is open.
The front door of Tom's house was locked, but the back door wasn't.
The front door of the house was open.
The front door opened and Dad came outside.
The front door opened.
The front door remained locked.
The front door stood wide open.
The front door to the apartment slammed shut.
The front door to the house slammed shut.
The front door to the house was still locked.
The front door was locked.
The front door was open.
The front door was still open.
The front door was still unlocked.
The front door was wide open.
The front door won't open.
The front doorbell just rang.
The front has a magnificent portico.
The front legs of a giraffe are longer than its hind legs.
The front of Tom's shirt was stained with blood from a gunshot wound.
The front of the bus was not crowded.
The front of the bus wasn't crowded.
The front of the house is painted white.
The front of the plane was damaged.
The front wheel plays an important role in two-wheeled vehicles moving without falling over.
The front wheel swerved and Boldi lost control of the bike.
The front windscreen was smashed to pieces.
The front windshield of a car was smashed to pieces.
The front-roller thrust angle is 2 degrees, probably there were plans to strengthen that angle a little when racing.
The fronts of the houses were hung with flags.
The frost and the snow, which had not yet melted, would have rendered the road impassable, were it not that Love traverses all distances and passes through fire and water.
The frost damaged the flowers.
The frost damaged the plants.
The frost did a lot of damage to the crops.
The frost did much harm to the crops.
The frost had a bad effect on the crops.
The frost has melted, the sun is shining, it promises to be a beautiful day.
The frost hurt our garden.
The frost killed all the flowers.
The frost killed the tomatoes I seeded.
The frost rendered the orange crop worthless.
The frost was such that the birds fell on the fly.
The frost will ruin the crop.
The frosty winter will soon come to an end.
The frothy sea kisses the beach sand.
The fruit at the Garden of Eden was not an apple. It is a European bias.
The fruit began to ferment.
The fruit doesn't fall far from the tree.
The fruit falls down near a plant.
The fruit from this tree is sweeter than the fruit from that one.
The fruit has dried up.
The fruit has gone bad.
The fruit in the Garden of Eden was not an apple, as it is a European myth. The Garden of Eden likely did not have a temperate climate.
The fruit is excellent.
The fruit is fresh.
The fruit is green.
The fruit is in the basket.
The fruit is ripening on the fruit tree.
The fruit is rotten.
The fruit is similar to an orange in shape and to a pineapple in taste.
The fruit is sour.
The fruit is still too sour to eat.
The fruit is tasty.
The fruit is too expensive and it's not tasty.
The fruit is yellow.
The fruit is yummy.
The fruit must be finely fragmented, before it can go into the press.
The fruit of a cabbage is a silique.
The fruit of a plum tree is a plum.
The fruit of immortality only grows every four thousand years.
The fruit of the quince tree is the quince.
The fruit of this tree is good.
The fruit of this tree is not to be eaten.
The fruit of this tree is sweet.
The fruit picker helps harvest cherries without a ladder.
The fruit picker simplifies gathering fruits from high branches.
The fruit seller sells fruit.
The fruit smells delicious.
The fruit tastes sweet.
The fruit that Mary brought was not very sweet.
The fruit we eat these days is genetically modified.
The fruit weighed the branches down.
The fruit went bad.
The fruit's round.
The fruiting season for the cherry trees is from June to July.
The fruits I like to eat are orange and pineapple.
The fruits are dried in the sun.
The fruits belong to all of you, but the earth belongs to no one.
The fruits in Thai markets are various and are of good quality.
The fruits of the Arbutus unedo look like strawberries.
The fruits of the strawberry tree are big red berries.
The fruits of the strawberry tree are bigger than blueberries.
The fruits of the strawberry tree are called Irish strawberries.
The fruits of the strawberry tree are red.
The fruits of the strawberry tree are very mushy.
The fruits of the strawberry tree are very sweet to the taste.
The fruits of the strawberry tree are very sweet.
The fruits of the strawberry tree have a lot of small seeds in them.
The fruits of the strawberry tree have seeds.
The fruits of the strawberry tree have the same texture as regular strawberries.
The fruits of the strawberry tree taste good.
The fruits suffer the effect of heat.
The frustrated artist stomped on his failed painting, leaving a trail of shattered colors.
The frustrated tennis player smashed his racquet on the court and incurred a hefty fine.
The frustration was like banana bread. She cut the loaf into pieces and gave a slice to all present.
The fry does not need to be taught to swim.
The frying pan is rusty.
The fuck is this shit?
The fuck is whatever you think it is.
The fuck is wrong with you?
The fuck?
The fucking imbecile was complaining about wind turbines destroying the scenery.
The fucking internet as we know it has been shat on.
The fuel filter is clogged.
The fuel gauge is broken.
The fuel gauge is on empty.
The fuel level is below empty.
The fuel shortage awoke the country to the need for developing atomic energy.
The fuel systems used on this engine return heated fuel to the fuel tank.
The fuel tank exploded.
The fuel tank in the car is full.
The fuel tanks are still full.
The fugitive crossed the river.
The fugitive ended up trapped at a dead end street.
The fugitive has been caught.
The fugitive is armed and dangerous.
The fugitive made a run for the border.
The fugitive surfaced in a small town fifty miles from here but then disappeared again.
The fulcrum needs to be closer to the center.
The full board must approve the decision before it can be implemented.
The full code is far too large to fit in an article; you can download it along with a Makefile for Linux from here.
The full crop yield for the year will not be enough to provide a minimum amount of revenue.
The full extent of the devastation on the ocean floor may never be fully understood.
The full moon caused the werewolves to howl in unison.
The full moon disappeared behind the clouds.
The full moon illuminated the garden.
The full moon illuminated the night, casting eerie shadows on the ground.
The full moon is beautiful.
The full moon is in a couple of days.
The full moon just disappeared behind the clouds.
The full moon shines beautifully.
The full moon shone last night.
The full moon was shining last night.
The full name for the Korean alphabet means "the right letters for instructing the people".
The full stop is missing at the end of the sentence.
The full stop marks the end of this boring sentence.
The full stop must be placed inside the quotation marks.
The full stop must be placed within the quotation marks.
The full stop must be put outside the quotation marks.
The full story was yet to be told.
The full-board option includes three meals a day.
The full-size hoverbike will be powered by a gasoline engine turning an alternator to provide power for its four electric rotors.
The fullback was expelled from the match.
The fumes are getting me.
The fumes of the wine were mounting steadily to addle his indifferent brains.
The fun didn't last long.
The fun is just beginning.
The fun is just getting started.
The fun thing about crowdsourcing is letting other people do the work for us.
The fun thing about this job is that the technology is continually advancing so it continues to be stimulating.
The function creates the organ.
The function f(x) = π² is a constant function.
The function has no side effects.
The function makes the organ.
The function of most genes remains a mystery.
The function of prayer is not to influence God, but rather to change the nature of the one who prays.
The function of the brake is to stop the car.
The function of the heart is to pump blood.
The function of the machine is to save work.
The function of the press is to provide the common people with facts.
The function was canceled.
The functions of his brain were very active.
The functions sine and cosine have a range of values between -1 and 1, inclusive.
The functions sine and cosine take values between -1 and 1 (-1 and 1 included).
The fund was set up to help orphans.
The fundamental aspect of imprisonment is the loss of liberty.
The fundamental cause of the problem is that in the modern world, idiots are full of confidence, while the intelligent are full of doubt.
The fundamental cause of the trouble is that in the modern world the stupid are cocksure while the intelligent are full of doubt.
The fundamental character traits of this woman were pride, decisiveness, and courage.
The fundamental issue remains the scarcity of available housing.
The fundamental premise is wrong.
The fundamental principle of the corresponding grammar must be that this grammar shall be the minimum or simplest possible system fit to govern the use of the chosen vocabulary in coherent speech.
The fundamental principles of classical mechanics were laid down by Galileo and Newton in the 16th and 17th centuries.
The fundamental problem hasn't gone away.
The fundamental problem in arguing with a person who denies global warming is that they use erroneous logic.
The fundamental problem is that in the modern world the foolish are completely sure of themselves, while the smart are full of doubt.
The fundamental solution is overlooked.
The funding could be inadequate.
The fundraiser was Tom's idea.
The funds are not sufficient for running a grocery.
The funeral home is accepting flowers today in honor of his mother.
The funeral home just called.
The funeral industry is no different from any other industry, in that it is first and foremost interested in generating profits for its stakeholders.
The funeral is over.
The funeral is still in progress.
The funeral is tomorrow.
The funeral of the popular young sports star cut down in his prime was heart wrenching.
The funeral parlor is next to the cemetery.
The funeral procession reached the burial site, where a hole had been dug that smelled of fresh earth.
The funeral procession stalks me.
The funeral procession stopped in front of Gunter's house briefly.
The funeral service went smoothly.
The funeral was yesterday.
The funeral will be held tomorrow.
The funerals were followed by orgies.
The funniest thing about him is the way he likes to grow— Not at all like proper children, which is always very slow; For he sometimes shoots up taller like an india-rubber ball, And he sometimes gets so little that there's none of him at all.
The funniest thing happened to me on the way here.
The funny part was what he said to me.
The funny thing about age is that while everyone was young once, not everyone will get old.
The funny thing about the horizon is that you can't reach it.
The funny thing was that he did not react.
The funny thing was the face he made when he knew it.
The fur and the cap, which were made entirely of snow, fell off, and he saw a lady, tall and white, it was the Snow Queen.
The fur of the reindeer is made into clothing.
The furigana is automatically generated.
The furious mob attacked the building.
The furnace is burning.
The furnace was working fine.
The furnishing of his work room was tax deductible.
The furniture belongs to my mother.
The furniture belongs to my mum.
The furniture in Matthew's living room is made of solid wood.
The furniture in his office is very modern.
The furniture in the flat was made of two kinds of wood, cherry and beech.
The furniture in this office is fairly modern.
The furniture in this office is really modern.
The furniture in this room used to be different.
The furniture is arranged so that when you open the door, you're looking straight in the mirror at yourself.
The furniture of the house is beautiful.
The furniture that Tom bought was expensive.
The furniture used to be different in this room.
The furniture was beautifully polished, but did not have a bright gloss.
The furniture was bought at an auction.
The furniture was covered in dust.
The furniture was dusty.
The furor over the death of George Floyd while in Minneapolis police custody prompted the entire nation to re-examine racism and inequality between African Americans and other people of color, and white Americans.
The furrier gets the skins of more foxes than asses.
The furry fandom has given Tom a window for him to express himself without having to worry what others think of him.
The furry fandom, like many other fandoms, has its own slang.
The furry marsupials live in trees.
The further I went the more irresistible became the feeling that I was going round and round in circles.
The further Stefan walked, the swampier the area got.
The further pursuit of an education was interrupted by the plague.
The further south one goes the milder the climate is.
The further south you go, the less populated is Algeria.
The further we are from one disaster, the closer we are to the next.
The further you delve into it, the more complicated it becomes.
The further you go into the woods, the more firewood you'll encounter.
The fury of the storm frightened the children.
The fury went out of her speeches.
The fuse blew.
The fuse blows or the circuit breaker is often activated.
The fuse has been lit.
The fuse has blown.
The fuse is blown.
The fuse lit at once.
The fuse was burning.
The fuselage, or body of the airplane, is a long hollow tube which holds all the pieces of an airplane together.
The fusion of stretch and strengthening exercises allows students to achieve movements that traditional yoga does not have — from flying while suspended on the hammock, to using the hammock to hang like a bat.
The futon was placed on the bed.
The futon was placed on top of the bed.
The futon was spread on the bed.
The future British king is self-isolating at Balmoral Castle in Scotland, with his wife, Camilla.
The future always begins in the present. Everything you do, or don't do, has some effect on the future.
The future always holds uncertainty.
The future and the past are alike.
The future becomes the present, the present the past, and the past turns into ever lasting regret if you don't plan for it!
The future began.
The future belongs to God.
The future belongs to the curious.
The future belongs to the few among us who are still willing to get their hands dirty.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
The future belongs to us.
The future can begin at any moment.
The future depends on innovation.
The future depends on us and our generation.
The future diplomat to France carved his name and the name of his beloved (a Japanese cartoon character) into the bark of a tree.
The future does not belong to the faint-hearted, it belongs to the brave.
The future doesn't exist yet.
The future doesn't exist.
The future doesn't exist: it is what we make.
The future doesn't look bright.
The future doesn't scare me.
The future generations will not forgive any of you.
The future has many names.
The future has many names. For the weak, it is the unattainable. For the fearful, it is the unknown. For the brave, it is chance.
The future has many paths - choose wisely.
The future has never looked brighter.
The future hasn't happened yet.
The future holds endless possibilities.
The future holds endless potential for change.
The future is a blank canvas.
The future is a mystery waiting to unfold.
The future is a succession of daily moments.
The future is a woman with an invisible face.
The future is already here — it's just not very evenly distributed.
The future is always uncertain.
The future is an open book.
The future is bleak.
The future is bright for Algeria.
The future is bright, but it isn't going to be easy for us to get there.
The future is bright.
The future is closer than you think.
The future is far ahead.
The future is far more practical than I imagined.
The future is full of potential.
The future is full of unknowns.
The future is here.
The future is in Asia.
The future is in your hands.
The future is no longer what it used to be.
The future is not a given.
The future is not determined by the present: the world is probabilistic.
The future is not looking bright from the perspective of many people under 30.
The future is not what it used to be.
The future is now.
The future is one big question mark.
The future is open to innovation.
The future is ours to shape.
The future is ours.
The future is predetermined.
The future is rooted in the present.
The future is shaped by our choices today.
The future is the past in preparation.
The future is the result of the present.
The future is too important to be left to others.
The future is uncertain.
The future is unknowable.
The future is unknown.
The future is unpredictable but exciting.
The future is very uncertain.
The future is what we make of it.
The future isn't what it used to be.
The future isn't written in stone.
The future lies in your hands.
The future looked bleak for Edmond Dantes after he became the victim of a conspiracy, and he was convicted for treason and imprisoned for life.
The future looked good.
The future looked very gloomy.
The future looks bleak.
The future looks fantastic.
The future looks pretty dim right now.
The future looks promising.
The future looks really bright.
The future needs the past.
The future of Algerian agriculture depends on a good management of the country's water resources.
The future of English seems to be leading in three directions.
The future of Rhode Island’s so-called “Superman” building, constructed in 1928, is also uncertain.
The future of anime is shota.
The future of humanity is in outer space.
The future of humanity lies in our hands.
The future of humanity remains undetermined, as it depends on it.
The future of man is the woman.
The future of man is woman.
The future of mankind rests in your hands.
The future of our company is at stake. We have been heavily in the red for the last couple of years.
The future of parenting may see a big change as scientists and ethicists have a startling prediction about how children will be conceived in the future. Thanks to biomedical advances, parents may be able to choose a child from hundreds of embryos based on their DNA profile.
The future of the hotel looks very promising.
The future perfect tense can be difficult to conjugate in some languages.
The future pilot is trained in a mock cockpit.
The future president of the republic is not yet known.
The future progressive tense is used when expressing events and action in progress at some future point, however the example sentence cannot be understood in that way.
The future remains uncertain, but with resilience and determination, we can shape it into something extraordinary.
The future scares me a lot.
The future scares me too much.
The future starts now.
The future subjunctive mode in the Portuguese language is strictly connected to conditional sentences.
The future tense is formed with an auxiliary verb.
The future used to be better.
The future was better before.
The future was five minutes ago.
The future will be better tomorrow.
The future will be driven by technology.
The future will become possible only when we learn to refrain from things that would be possible just because we don't need them.
The future will come soon enough.
The future will not be built through force, nor the desire to conquer, but by the patient application of the democratic method, the constructive spirit of agreement, and by respect for freedom.
The future will only be good.
The future will reverence the names of these great harbingers, who have been flouted, reviled, threatened, found guilty, and imprisoned.
The future won't be easy.
The future won’t happen by chance. We shape it ourselves through our actions.
The future you see is the future you get.
The future's not what it used to be.
The future, empty-handed ghost, who promises everything and has nothing!
The future’s not ours to see.
The fuzzy skin of a kiwi contains most of its nutrients.
The gain is yours, the loss is mine.
The gait of my friend was unsteady, and the bells upon his cap jingled as he strode.
The gala dinner is at 10 p.m.
The gala was fun.
The galactic center is hidden by dark dust clouds that make direct observation from Earth impossible.
The galactic center is in the constellation Sagittarius.
The galactic military used wormholes to hop around the universe.
The gall of some people!
The gallbladder is found adjacent to the liver.
The gallbladder produces bile.
The gallery is open from 9:30 a.m. until 7:00 p.m.
The gallery was dug out by hand.
The galley sank in stormy weather.
The gallows were already standing on the square.
The gamble paid off.
The gambler lost a good deal of money.
The gambler used loaded dice to cheat.
The gambling club played its very own melody gaming machines dinging, chips rattling as the seller passed them out to the players at the tables, and the prattle of individuals tossing down cash with the desire for becoming wildly successful. It resembled a festival for grown-ups. An individual could get lost for quite a long time in a spot like this.
The game added to the fun.
The game always starts with a few quotes in Berber.
The game became exciting.
The game begins at 2:30.
The game begins at two o'clock tomorrow afternoon.
The game begins with a coin toss.
The game brought a moment of peace in the chaos.
The game brought them a brief moment of joy.
The game brought them together, if only for a short time.
The game came to a climax.
The game consists of staying the longest possible time without moving.
The game console beckons me.
The game continued.
The game crashed.
The game download is 1% to completion.
The game drew a good crowd.
The game ended and Stefan's team lost nine to five.
The game ended at nine o'clock.
The game ended at nine o’clock.
The game ended honours even, 2-2.
The game ended in a devastating defeat.
The game ended in a draw with a score 6-6.
The game ended in a draw, and the final score was 2-2.
The game ended in a draw.
The game ended in a free-for-all.
The game ended in a tie.
The game ended in a victory for B school, which was quite contrary to predictions.
The game ended when both players decided that there was nothing else to do.
The game ended when the two players decided that there was no other move to make.
The game ended with a 1-1 tie.
The game ended, but the tension remained.
The game ended.
The game ends when all disputes and territorial claims are over.
The game excited lots of people.
The game exhausted me.
The game finished goalless.
The game finished.
The game froze.
The game got a lot of people excited.
The game got canceled.
The game got more and more exciting.
The game got rained out.
The game had a glitch, so I restarted it.
The game had already started by the time we got to the stadium.
The game had hardly started when they scored the first point.
The game had to be cancelled because of the cold weather.
The game has already started.
The game has been indefinitely postponed.
The game has been postponed because of the rain.
The game has been postponed indefinitely.
The game has been postponed until next week.
The game has been postponed.
The game has finished.
The game hasn't been ported to PC.
The game is about to begin.
The game is about to commence.
The game is about to start.
The game is becoming more engaging.
The game is boring.
The game is developed by Spinoff Studio Bangladesh.
The game is fun.
The game is hardly worth the candle.
The game is just about to begin.
The game is no longer lost.
The game is not lost.
The game is not over.
The game is not worth the candle.
The game is on.
The game is over.
The game is rigged.
The game is starting just now.
The game is starting to be interesting.
The game is still being played.
The game is unplayable, there are cards missing.
The game is up.
The game isn't over yet.
The game isn't over.
The game lacked excitement.
The game lasted too long.
The game made him excited.
The game may have been put off till next week.
The game needs to be playtested.
The game no longer seemed fun.
The game of chess could have a great future in our society. I dream of its teaching in schools, its popularization with the help of the internet and the prevention of Alzheimer's disease.
The game of chess requires much concentration and expertise.
The game of pinball involves directing a little steel ball onto ramps and into holes with a pair of flippers.
The game of shiritori is played by taking the final sound of the word spoken by the person before you, and then the next person looks for a word that begins with that sound.
The game offered a brief escape from reality.
The game ought to be exciting.
The game remained tense for long periods, the breakthrough goal coming for the visitors not until extra time.
The game resulted in a draw.
The game spread from Germany to France, where it enjoyed great popularity and was enriched with many French terms.
The game started OK.
The game starts 2:30.
The game starts at two tomorrow afternoon.
The game starts in an hour.
The game takes place in a steampunk world.
The game took on among old people.
The game turned into a serious competition between them.
The game warden asked Tom for his hunting license.
The game warden inspected our campsite.
The game wardens did a search of the woods.
The game was a 2-2 draw.
The game was a lot of fun.
The game was a tie, 2-2.
The game was called off because it rained.
The game was called off because it suddenly started raining.
The game was called off because of the rain.
The game was called off on account of rain.
The game was called off on account of the rain.
The game was called off.
The game was canceled at the last minute.
The game was canceled because of heavy rain.
The game was canceled because of rain.
The game was canceled because of the heavy rain.
The game was canceled due to rain.
The game was cancelled at the last minute.
The game was cancelled because of heavy rain.
The game was cancelled due to the heavy rain.
The game was cut short.
The game was decided in extra time.
The game was delayed on account of snow.
The game was drawing to an end.
The game was drawn.
The game was excellent.
The game was exciting last night.
The game was exciting.
The game was fixed.
The game was full of suspense.
The game was interrupted.
The game was invented by the devil.
The game was looked forward to by everyone.
The game was lost.
The game was mainly developed by Crystal Dynamics while Eidos-Montréal handled the multiplayer.
The game was not exciting at all.
The game was not half as exciting as we'd been led to believe it would be.
The game was one point back and forth the whole game.
The game was over.
The game was postponed because of snow.
The game was postponed because of the bad weather.
The game was postponed because of the rain.
The game was postponed due to rain.
The game was postponed due to the heavy rain.
The game was postponed until next Monday.
The game was postponed until next Sunday.
The game was postponed until next week.
The game was pretty exciting.
The game was probably canceled.
The game was put off because of rain.
The game was put off because of the rain.
The game was put off till next week.
The game was put off until next Sunday.
The game was put off until next week.
The game was rained out.
The game was rigged.
The game was slow and boring.
The game was slow, and it was also boring.
The game was sold out.
The game was stopped.
The game was supposed to be fun, but it turned dark.
The game was supposed to unite them, but it caused division.
The game was suspended.
The game was their only escape from reality.
The game was very exciting.
The game was very interesting.
The game was won by the better side.
The game wasn't at all exciting.
The game wasn't exciting at all.
The game wasn't fun anymore.
The game wasn't very exciting.
The game went a long time.
The game went into extra time.
The game went out of control.
The game went to extra time.
The game will be after work.
The game will be called off if it rains tomorrow.
The game will be held even if it rains.
The game will be held rain or shine.
The game will be played even if it rains.
The game will be played rain or shine.
The game will not help us find out if he's the murderer; but either he is the murderer or he isn't.
The game will probably be called off.
The game will probably be canceled.
The game will start in an hour.
The game won't fly away. It's fried.
The game would not have been called off if it hadn't rained so heavily.
The game would not have been called off if it hadn’t rained so heavily.
The game's about to begin.
The game's almost over.
The game's debut trailer was released at E3 2017.
The game's final boss has a very lengthy and drawn-out death animation.
The game's installation took me two hours.
The game's latest DLC adds many new items and two new areas.
The game's outcome hangs on his performance.
The game's over.
The gameplay in that game has not aged very well, I wouldn't recommend playing it.
The gamers went hard core and gamed for 24 hours straight.
The games are fixed by the league.
The games are over, and the secrets are out.
The games must go on.
The games were all boring.
The gametes produced by the male are motile.
The game’s outcome hangs on his performance.
The gamma function is a generalization of the factorial function.
The gang agreed to release Tom for a ransom of $100,000.
The gang became Fadil's family.
The gang became Sami's family.
The gang bungled the robbery and got caught.
The gang established their base at an abandoned building.
The gang is all here.
The gang is in Tom's basement playing cards.
The gang is lead by a ruthless criminal called Tom.
The gang knocked him down and robbed him of his watch.
The gang leader made all the members toe the line, keeping control through fear.
The gang met up at the city dump.
The gang was mainly composed of drug dealers and dangerous ex-convicts.
The gang was planning a robbery.
The gang's all here.
The gangs in Tom's neighborhood are engaged in a violent turf war.
The gangster tried to kill the witness.
The gangsters extorted a vast sum of money from the rich man.
The gangsters finally cornered Vladimir.
The gangsters let him in on their plan to knock off a rival gang leader.
The gangsters of the city were organized in gangs.
The gangsters started firing.
The gangsters started shooting.
The gangway must be wide enough for a wheelchair to pass through it.
The gap between rich and poor is getting wider.
The gap between rich and poor is widening.
The gap between the haves and the have nots is widening.
The gap between the rich and poor widens, and it is a concerning trend.
The gap between the rich and the poor is widening.
The gap between them has narrowed.
The gap between what can be imagined and what can be accomplished has never been smaller.
The gap has closed.
The gap in perspective between man and woman on home management.
The gap in your teeth looks very adorable.
The gap was bigger than I expected.
The garage door is open.
The garage door was fully open.
The garage door was locked.
The garage door wasn't locked.
The garage has rusted.
The garage is at the side of the house.
The garage is closed.
The garage is dusty.
The garage is my office.
The garage is next to the house.
The garage is on the side of the house.
The garage light cast light across Ziri's bedroom ceiling.
The garage light was on.
The garage lights were extremely bright.
The garage started on fire.
The garage was completely destroyed.
The garage was empty.
The garbage bag was completely full of hair.
The garbage bag was large enough for Fadil's body.
The garbage collector comes three times a week.
The garbage collectors are on strike.
The garbage collectors put the garbage into the garbage truck.
The garbage didn't do anything to Mennad's ring.
The garbage disposal is very loud.
The garbage disposal unit connected to her kitchen sink stopped working.
The garbage dump is over there.
The garbage has been piling up for weeks.
The garbage is giving off a terrible smell.
The garbage left in the kitchen of the abandoned house stank.
The garbage smells to high heaven.
The garbage that was left in the kitchen of the abandoned house stank.
The garbage truck already passed by.
The garbage truck comes three times a week.
The garbage truck has been gone for a long time.
The garbage truck has passed.
The garbage truck is finally here.
The garbage truck is here.
The garbage truck stopped coming the morning Milena left.
The garbage truck tends to come around at four in the morning.
The garbage truck's here.
The garbage-can gave off a bad smell.
The garbagemen won't be able to pick up our trash.
The garden around my house is beautiful.
The garden at Tom's house was heavily overgrown. For over a year no one had bothered to look after it anymore.
The garden became overgrown with weeds.
The garden became overgrown.
The garden belongs to the house.
The garden can't be seen from the outside.
The garden dormouse is a rodent that sleeps during the winter.
The garden featured vibrant rosemary plants.
The garden flourished with lush rosemary plants.
The garden had not been cared for in years.
The garden has a few fruit trees.
The garden has a wooden fence.
The garden has been professionally laid out.
The garden hose is frozen.
The garden hosted a regal peacock.
The garden in which stands my humble abode is separated only by a lane from Rosings Park, her ladyship's residence.
The garden in which stands my humble abode is separated only by a lane from Rosings Park, her ladyship’s residence.
The garden is at its best in spring.
The garden is bare and brown.
The garden is beautiful.
The garden is behind the house.
The garden is blooming with vibrant flowers this season.
The garden is bright with flowers.
The garden is common to the two houses.
The garden is enclosed by a wall.
The garden is famous for its irises.
The garden is fragrant with the smell of roses.
The garden is full of flowers.
The garden is full of holes.
The garden is full of very beautiful flowers all year.
The garden is full of weeds.
The garden is in disarray.
The garden is in front of the house.
The garden is in the village.
The garden is laid out in the Japanese style.
The garden is neglected.
The garden is overgrown with weeds.
The garden is planted with tulips.
The garden is pretty.
The garden is railed off from the path.
The garden is really a sight for sore eyes.
The garden is separated from the path by a fence.
The garden is separated from the road by a fence.
The garden is small.
The garden is still in shadow.
The garden is surrounded by a dense hedge.
The garden is surrounded by a thick hedge.
The garden is surrounded by a wall.
The garden is tended with great care.
The garden is turning into a wilderness.
The garden is uncared for.
The garden is wet with rain.
The garden isn't looked after.
The garden looks best in the morning.
The garden looks wonderful in spring.
The garden needs to be weeded.
The garden party was a splendid success.
The garden thrives with care and attention.
The garden was a riot of color.
The garden was adorned with roses for the occasion.
The garden was alive with color.
The garden was covered in snow.
The garden was covered with fallen leaves.
The garden was destroyed after the rain.
The garden was encircled by huge old willows and tall firs, beneath which flourished flowers that loved the shade.
The garden was filled with flowers.
The garden was full of beautiful flowers.
The garden was full of beautiful yellow flowers.
The garden was full of blue-purple heliotropes.
The garden was full of flowers.
The garden was full of people.
The garden was full of purple lilies.
The garden was full of yellow flowers.
The garden was grown over with weeds.
The garden was in ruins.
The garden was larger than I had expected.
The garden was littered with weeds.
The garden was overgrown with weeds.
The garden was surrounded by a thick hedge.
The garden was surrounded by a wooden fence.
The gardener clipped the hedge.
The gardener clipped the topiary.
The gardener cuts back the bushes with shears and the grass with a scythe.
The gardener didn't let us walk on the grass.
The gardener didn’t let us walk on the grass.
The gardener grows grain in the garden, good grain grows in the garden.
The gardener had to mow the lawn.
The gardener had tulips of various kinds.
The gardener has just cut a hedge.
The gardener has just trimmed the hedge.
The gardener is burning dead leaves in the backyard.
The gardener planted a rose in the centre of the garden.
The gardener planted a rose in the middle of the garden.
The gardener planted a rose tree in the middle of the garden.
The gardener said that mineral fertilizers are more effective.
The gardener turned out to be a murderer.
The gardener turned out to be the murderer.
The gardener very often dances.
The gardener was a murderer.
The gardener was digging the ground with a shovel.
The gardener was planting a rose in the centre of the garden.
The gardener was planting a rose in the middle of the garden.
The gardener was the murderer.
The gardener went into the garden.
The gardener won first prize for the largest turnip grown in the spring harvest.
The gardener's motorcycle makes a lot of noise.
The gardens are very beautiful in the spring, and we often go there.
The gardens became overgrown.
The gardens were already famous far and wide, and all Europe had added to their wealth: tulips from Holland, carnations and roses from France, oleanders and passion-flowers from Italy, while Spain had furnished orange-trees and myrtles.
The garlic bread at Benedito's restaurant is addictive.
The garlic bread caught fire in the oven.
The garlic powder complemented the lemon zest in Matthew's chicken dish.
The garment industry is the largest contributor to Bangladesh's economy.
The garnet was included, with other red stones, by Theophrastus, under the name of ἄνθραξ, while the common garnet seems to have been his ἀνθράκιον.
The garnets are an unexpected habitat for microbes because of their hardness.
The garnets in the detritus are accompanied by zircon, spinel, corundum, cyanite, tourmaline, olivine, etc.
The garrison saw no choice but to surrender.
The garrison was forced to surrender.
The gas company stopped supplying Tom because he didn't pay his bill.
The gas could kill Ziri.
The gas entered Flavio’s room.
The gas gauge is on empty.
The gas gives off a strong, bad smell.
The gas gives off a strong, unpleasant smell.
The gas is running out.
The gas price is going up.
The gas produced consists therefore of carbon monoxide, hydrogen, nitrogen, and a small proportion of hydrocarbons and carbonic acid gas.
The gas station is close to the drugstore.
The gas station is closed.
The gas station is just a few blocks away.
The gas station only had two gas pumps.
The gas station ran out of gas.
The gas stove's igniter became damaged.
The gas tank is almost empty.
The gas tank is empty.
The gas tank is going to explode.
The gas tank suddenly blew up.
The gas tanks were punctured.
The gas was compressed into a gas cylinder.
The gas was spreading through the city.
The gasket was easier to come off.
The gasoline spread all over the floor.
The gasoline tank was underneath.
The gasoline truck ran into the gate and blew up.
The gate admits to the garden.
The gate closed.
The gate creaked as it swung open.
The gate dragged when it was pushed open.
The gate dragged when they pushed it open.
The gate had already been closed when he returned.
The gate has been left open.
The gate has closed.
The gate has opened.
The gate house was almost empty.
The gate is closed all the year round.
The gate is closed at eight.
The gate is closed at six.
The gate is closing.
The gate is locked.
The gate is not designed to keep others out.
The gate is open now.
The gate is open.
The gate is opening.
The gate is so narrow that the car can't pass through it.
The gate is so narrow that the car can’t pass through it.
The gate is too narrow for a car.
The gate is too narrow for the car.
The gate is unlocked.
The gate is wide enough for the car to go through.
The gate is wide open.
The gate needs to be closed.
The gate opened all by itself.
The gate opened and then closed again.
The gate opened.
The gate was bolted shut.
The gate was closed by Tom.
The gate was closed.
The gate was hanging askew on its hinges.
The gate was left open.
The gate was locked.
The gate was off its hinges.
The gate was open, too.
The gate was open.
The gate was shut.
The gate was too narrow for the lorry.
The gate was too narrow for the truck.
The gate was unlocked.
The gate will be locked at 8.
The gatekeeper is closing the door behind them.
The gatekeeper opened the door.
The gatekeeper permitted me through the gate.
The gates are now closing.
The gates are open.
The gates are opening.
The gates have been closed.
The gates of the school open at eight.
The gates open at 2:30 p.m.
The gates were closed.
The gates were packed with people shouting.
The gathering has been cancelled because of rain.
The gathering was canceled because of rain.
The gathering was canceled because of the rain.
The gathering was cancelled because of rain.
The gathering will be large if the weather is good.
The gathering will propose and debate reforms to the 15-nation bloc's creaky institutions with the aim of preparing it for enlargement to up to 13 new members.
The gatherings meant to him the brightest of hours of a long and isolating year. It was a "dream come true" week, spent between people of all races, in a neutral but friendly environment.
The gator swam away.
The gator was coming straight at us.
The gaunt man rested in the shadow of a shrine.
The gaunt policeman had a bolt-action rifle slung over one shoulder.
The gave her a traditional Kabyle dress.
The gaze is beautiful in silence.
The gaze was long and combative in its character, and constituted a trial of that moral strength which each, in the peculiar constitution of his being, seemed to possess.
The gazebo has lights.
The gazelle appeared it was rotting from the inside.
The gazelle came near Ziri.
The gazelle did not move.
The gazelle didn't appear to be walking cautiously.
The gazelle didn't budge.
The gazelle didn't stop.
The gazelle disappeared back into the bush.
The gazelle examined its surroundings.
The gazelle followed Ziri.
The gazelle got out of that place and ran away.
The gazelle has been rotting from the inside.
The gazelle isn't going anywhere.
The gazelle jumped the guardrail and disappeared.
The gazelle kept following Ziri.
The gazelle kept walking.
The gazelle looked in Ziri's direction.
The gazelle looked right at Ziri.
The gazelle never moved again for as long as Ziri could see it.
The gazelle noticed Ziri.
The gazelle opened its mouth.
The gazelle ran away from the cheetah.
The gazelle reared its head up.
The gazelle seemed abnormally large.
The gazelle seemed like it was gutted alive.
The gazelle started running.
The gazelle stood on its hind legs.
The gazelle stood there like a statue.
The gazelle stopped in the field.
The gazelle stopped moving completely.
The gazelle stopped moving.
The gazelle suddenly stopped moving.
The gazelle was already injured.
The gazelle was attacked by a jackal.
The gazelle was attacked by some large animal.
The gazelle was caught in the trap.
The gazelle was close to Ziri.
The gazelle was dead.
The gazelle was eerily frozen.
The gazelle was exhibiting unusual behavior.
The gazelle was killed but left untouched.
The gazelle was lying on the ground, panting.
The gazelle was shot and just left there to die.
The gazelle was slaughtered but not eaten.
The gazelle was standing on its hind legs.
The gazelle was still alive, but barely moving or breathing.
The gazelle was still alive.
The gazelle's body was stiff and straight-legged.
The gazelle's ears flinched to examine its surroundings.
The gazelle's eyes were wide open.
The gazelle's head bent to the side.
The gazelle's head was missing from the rest of its body.
The gazelle's hooves were planted firmly in the ground.
The gazelle's intestines were moving.
The gazelle's mouth was wide open.
The gazelles are grazing peacefully.
The gazelles congregated in a small huddle.
The gazelles were back that morning.
The gazelles were spooked.
The gazing populace receive greedily, without examination, whatever soothes superstition and promotes wonder.
The gears had worn down over time.
The gears in my head turn slowly when I'm tired.
The geese are flying south.
The geese are very noisy.
The geese gathered in a flock to fly away.
The geese were flying north.
The gel is injected as a liquid. In the brain, it reverts to a jelly-like substance and can be administered to specific areas impaired by Parkinson’s or a stroke. The stem cells can then be instructed to create replacement neurons.
The gel stings a bit.
The gem I bought from the shop is authentic.
The gendarme trainee undergoes initial training at the gendarmerie school before being assigned to a brigade.
The gendarmerie? Then we'll do as you say.
The gender reveal party started a forest fire.
The general appearance of the economy is gloomy.
The general appearance, pugnacious behavior, and whitish mouth of water-snakes (Natrix) have earned them a bad reputation.
The general arrives without his adjutant.
The general charges the phalanx of the Egyptians.
The general commanded him to report to headquarters.
The general commanded that the city be attacked.
The general commanded them to move on.
The general commanded us to do that.
The general concentrated the soldiers in Paris.
The general contradicted the attack order.
The general could have stopped the summary executions had he so wished.
The general cut a distinguished figure in his dress uniform.
The general decided to launch an offensive against the enemy camp.
The general feeling is that it's wrong.
The general feeling is that it’s wrong.
The general gave the order to retreat.
The general had 20/20 hindsight about the defeat, but no foresight at all.
The general inspected the troops.
The general inspector of the national police oversees regional or central directorates.
The general launched a ferocious attack.
The general limits of your freedom are merely these: that you do not trespass upon the equal rights of others.
The general lived the rest of his life peacefully after his retirement.
The general manager is in the meeting room.
The general meeting began at 9 am on the dot.
The general meeting of our society is held in December every year.
The general never lost his presence of mind in the face of the large force of the enemy.
The general opinion is against the war.
The general opinion is not always the truest.
The general ordered Tom to kill his dog.
The general ordered the deployment of two battalions.
The general ordered the killing of all the prisoners of war.
The general ordered the massacre of all war prisoners.
The general participated in the plot with his men.
The general principles are given below.
The general principles of this programme are still valid today.
The general public can't attend.
The general public has been plunged into darkness and chaos as shortages of electricity, food, and transportation services engulf the country.
The general said to the brave man, "You deserve a medal."
The general shook hands with us.
The general situation is advantageous to us.
The general store was run by a nice Algerian family.
The general strike paralyzed the whole country.
The general surrenders and kneels in before the enemy.
The general theory of relativity explains the anomalous perihelion precession of the planet Mercury.
The general theory of relativity predicted the deflection of starlight by the Sun.
The general title (of Balzac's novels) is The Human Comedy.
The general took off his monocle to wipe it off.
The general took pledges.
The general took the bull by the horns and saved his army from disaster.
The general trend seems to be that the whole world is becoming more secular.
The general use of forks for eating started in the tenth century A.D.
The general wished to attack immediately.
The general's massive presence awes everyone.
The general, having delayed three days, set out.
The general, urging the horsemen to fight harder, gave the signal for battle.
The general, without interrupting his speech, hit him on the head with his heavy ivory stick; the barbarian fell.
The generalization of the picture is really taunting.
The generals conducted a successful coup.
The generals were in the boats.
The general’s massive presence awes everyone.
The generation gap is being bridged, one relationship at a time, through partnerships in an experimental program between U.S. universities and retirement homes.
The generation gap was the result of rapidly changing technology.
The generic name for Prozac is fluoxetine.
The generous dentist contributed some two billion yen to charity.
The genesis of that idea can be traced back to a casual conversation a decade earlier.
The genet, mongoose and weasel are small carnivorous animals that love to feed on snakes and rodents and sometimes wreak havoc in poultry houses.
The genetic code is a set of instructions in a gene that tells a cell how to make specific proteins, chemicals that are key to an organism's normal development and function. The premature stop codon, which scientists liken to a red stop light, is a mutation that orders cells to stop reading essential genetic instructions part-way through protein synthesis, resulting in an incomplete or shortened protein and potentially serious health consequences.
The genetic evidence comes from an unusually well-preserved polar bear jawbone with a canine tooth still attached to it — a rare find because most polar bear carcasses are consumed by scavengers or sink to the sea bottom. The DNA mapped from the jawbone is the earliest mammalian genome ever sequenced.
The genetic history of Ashkenazi Jews includes an admixture with Italians.
The genetically modified pears that we eat nowadays don't taste like anything.
The genetically-engineered dandelion is already producing half a ton of rubber per hectare, but Pruefer says the scientists’ goal is about twice as much.
The genie asked Tom to make a wish.
The genie asked Tom to make three wishes.
The genie from the lamp granted Mary three wishes.
The genie granted Tom his wish.
The genie is out of the bottle.
The genie remained trapped in the magic lamp for centuries.
The genie waited inside his magic lamp for centuries to be released.
The genie was sucked into the magic lamp.
The genie was trapped in the magic lamp.
The genii of syntax and prosody are his guardian angels, and the love of "gabble" is the be-all and the end-all of his political existence.
The genitive singular of "rosa" is "rosae".
The genius dies one day. The legend is immortal.
The genius, wit and spirit of a nation are discovered in its proverbs.
The genocides that took place in North America and Australia are well documented.
The genome is the complete set of genes found in the chromosomes of every cell in a living being.
The genome of this virus is unknown.
The genre name originates from the low fidelity ("lo-fi") aesthetic of the music, which tends to be deliberately less "polished" than high fidelity ("hi-fi") music and features audio imperfections, distorted sound quality, and less professional audio equipment.
The gentian is a plant which grows in mountainous regions.
The gentle breeze rustled the grass.
The gentle breeze rustled the leaves.
The gentle breeze rustled through the leaves of the trees.
The gentle breeze swayed the young leaves of the twirling vine.
The gentle murmur of the mountain stream helped Tom calm himself.
The gentle purr of the turtle dove is an evocative sound of summer.
The gentle sound of the falling rain lulled me to sleep.
The gentle trickle of the stream was the perfect background noise for a picnic in the park.
The gentle young wife pleaded with tears that her darling husband should restrain his habit of drinking so much.
The gentle-looking old man got up and gave his hand to me.
The gentleman best knows himself the value of his own life.
The gentleman bought it.
The gentleman enters the mansion through the door.
The gentleman had also a young daughter, of rare goodness and sweetness of temper, which she took from her mother, who was the best creature in the world.
The gentleman is a Canadian economist.
The gentleman is a famous pianist.
The gentleman is a very famous pianist.
The gentleman kissed the lady's hand.
The gentleman kissed the lady’s hand.
The gentleman lives in the house I showed you.
The gentleman or lady with the number 47 will please come to counter 3.
The gentleman stood in front of the bank.
The gentleman took my card.
The gentleman took off his gloves and top hat.
The gentleman was killed by a slave in revolt.
The gentleman was standing in front of the bank.
The gentleman with his pipe in his mouth is a famous reviewer.
The gentleman's name is Tom.
The gentlemen are in a hurry to get me out of here.
The gentlemen at this table were naval commanders during the first Gulf War.
The genus Canis contains wolves, coyotes, and jackals.
The geographical features here are similar to those of our prefecture.
The geographical south pole is the Earth's southernmost point.
The geography book he put under the pillow.
The geologist climbed into the limo.
The geologists conducted seismic tests to analyze the stability of the bedrock beneath the surface.
The geologists explored for oil on our farm.
The geologists studied the layers of bedrock in the area.
The geology course isn't required; I'm taking it for my own edification.
The geology of Pluto is very interesting.
The geometry students say that geometry is difficult.
The geometry teacher was a pedant.
The geometry teacher was pedantic.
The geometry teacher was the worst teacher I have ever had in my life.
The geometry, for instance, they taught you at school is founded on a misconception.
The geophysicist teaches in the school.
The geopolitical situation is very volatile.
The germination of both seeds of a bur of Xanthium in one season is exceptional.
The gestation period for the African bush elephant is about 669 days, whereas that for a guinea pig is only about 70 days.
The gestation period of a rhino is about 16 months.
The gestation period of an elephant is almost two years.
The gesture fetched a laugh from the audience.
The gesture of adolescence, which raves for this or that on one day with the ever-present possibility of damning it as idiocy on the next, is now socialized.
The getaway car was late model white sedan.
The geyser goes off with hot water every two hours.
The geyser sends up a column of hot water every two hours.
The ghastly neologism of the year 2011 is "Kebab murders".
The ghetto in this town is dangerous at night.
The ghost appeared in the exact same spot Ziri died in.
The ghost began chasing Pietro.
The ghost began to circle faster and faster around Leonid's bed.
The ghost can fly!
The ghost disappeared into nothing.
The ghost disappeared into the back of the closet.
The ghost disappeared when Martino looked at it.
The ghost disappeared, then reappeared on the other side.
The ghost escaped.
The ghost got closer.
The ghost has been seen by several living members of my family, as well as by the rector of the parish, the Rev. Augustus Dampier, who is a fellow of King's College, Cambridge.
The ghost killed Pietro in the end.
The ghost materializes from the dark room.
The ghost only targets kids.
The ghost returned to haunt that house.
The ghost started showing up more often.
The ghost story was terrifying.
The ghost suddenly disappeared.
The ghost took the shape of James.
The ghost vanished suddenly.
The ghost visits her in her dreams.
The ghost was hovering off the ground.
The ghost was motionless and just suspended in the air.
The ghost was roaming around the room.
The ghost went through the wall.
The ghosts of the extinct human race are doomed to repeat their final year over and over, and only Tom is aware of this.
The ghosts wouldn't leave James alone.
The giant alien creature was finally destroyed.
The giant alien shred the aircraft into pieces.
The giant alien was trying to divide to create more organisms.
The giant awoke!
The giant bug got stuck at the door.
The giant bumphead parrotfish is an amazing fish that can live to be 40 years old, growing up to four feet long and 100 pounds.
The giant creature began wrecking havoc in the village.
The giant creature continued knocking the soldiers into the air.
The giant creature pushed the tree over.
The giant creature smashed the dragon onto the ground.
The giant creature was called the Kraken.
The giant creature was looking for its baby.
The giant demon screamed in pain.
The giant dragon took the stars from the sky.
The giant kelp canopies tower above the ocean floor.
The giant monster devoured everyone.
The giant monster kicked the soldiers away like ragdolls.
The giant panda is a surviving ancient animal species.
The giant panda is recognised as a national treasure of China, but in some conservation areas it is still killed by poachers.
The giant panda matriarch came out of her den to find a slushy ice cake made with applesauce and filled with chunks of apples, carrots and yams.
The giant pile of poop was teeming with dung beetles.
The giant plane screamed down in an almost vertical dive.
The giant plant gripped Martino’s arm.
The giant rats, which grow to about the size of a domestic cat, are born and bred at the organization's headquarters in Morogoro, Tanzania.
The giant refrigerator was bellowing cold air into the room.
The giant snake devoured the monster.
The giant tortoise Lonesome George has died on the Galapagos Islands.
The giant was not loved by anybody.
The giant weta is endemic to New Zealand.
The giant weta is one of the world's largest insects.
The gibbous moon appears to grow fatter each night until we see the full sunlit face of the Moon. We call this phase the full moon.
The gift I got from Tom was the best.
The gift card read: "To my darling wife, Happy Anniversary! Love, Tom."
The gift cards are just as good as cold, hard cash.
The gift delighted the Indians very much.
The gift is a trip to Asia.
The gift is expressive of my feelings.
The gift is greatly appreciated.
The gift isn't from Yanni.
The gift of a calendar with European snow scenes is a delight when the temperature outside is 35 degrees C.
The gift she liked most was a chocolate cake.
The gift shop is on the second deck.
The gift was still wrapped.
The gift-giving custom dies hard.
The gifts are beautiful.
The gifts were wonderful.
The gifts will delight the children.
The gig economy is slowly, but relatively quickly, turning every job into a so-called "side hustle."
The gig was as loud as hell.
The gig was fantastic from start to end.
The gig was great.
The gigantic tornado plowed its way through the city.
The gigantic universe, the human body, and the miracles of flora and fauna can only stem from God.
The giggles ceased.
The gingham dog and the calico cat Side by side on the table sat.
The gingham dog went "bow-wow-wow!" And the calico cat replied "mee-ow!"
The gingko is a living fossil.
The giraffe and her calf took a rest under a large tree.
The giraffe calf has doubled in size.
The giraffe calf looks strong and healthy.
The giraffe calf survived its first year.
The giraffe came out of the huge cage.
The giraffe can go up to three days without drinking.
The giraffe cannot swim because its centre of gravity is so high that it would topple over.
The giraffe couldn't build up enough speed to outpace the lions that were chasing it.
The giraffe did all she could to defend her calf.
The giraffe didn't see the lioness.
The giraffe died of exhaustion.
The giraffe died.
The giraffe eats acacia leaves.
The giraffe encouraged its baby to stand up.
The giraffe escaped the lion attack.
The giraffe escaped the lions.
The giraffe fell into the lake.
The giraffe gives birth standing up.
The giraffe got startled by a passing motorbike.
The giraffe had an oozing infected sore in the ear.
The giraffe has a long neck.
The giraffe has a neck like no other animal.
The giraffe has a prehensile tongue.
The giraffe has a serious wound and it could kill her if it gets infected.
The giraffe has a tongue as long as a French loaf.
The giraffe has an extremely long neck.
The giraffe has nowhere to hide.
The giraffe herd are on alert.
The giraffe herd fled.
The giraffe herd have begun their search for food.
The giraffe herd headed West.
The giraffe herd is moving on.
The giraffe herd is still in the woodland.
The giraffe herd joined the zebras at the waterhole.
The giraffe herd knows where to find the best acacia trees.
The giraffe herd left the waterhole to eat.
The giraffe herd need to find enough to eat.
The giraffe herd survived the drought.
The giraffe herd was preoccupied with eating.
The giraffe is an icon of the African fauna.
The giraffe is dead.
The giraffe is finally ready to mate.
The giraffe is here.
The giraffe is one of Africa's most iconic animals.
The giraffe is one of the largest inhabitants of the savanna.
The giraffe is one of the most iconic species of the African savanna.
The giraffe is sleeping.
The giraffe is the tallest animal in existence, but there were even taller dinosaurs.
The giraffe is the tallest land animal.
The giraffe is the tallest mammal on the planet.
The giraffe is the tallest of all animals.
The giraffe is the tallest of the mammals.
The giraffe is the world's tallest animal.
The giraffe isn't moving.
The giraffe kicked the lion quite severely.
The giraffe kicked the lioness quite severely, breaking her jaw.
The giraffe kicked the lioness.
The giraffe licked its newborn calf clean.
The giraffe looked sick and was stumbling around.
The giraffe looked sick.
The giraffe looked very hungry.
The giraffe looked weak and hungry.
The giraffe needs to eat around 35 kilograms of food per day.
The giraffe never took its eyes off our car.
The giraffe oozes chemicals from its skin to keep insects away.
The giraffe panicked for nothing.
The giraffe protected her calf with great courage.
The giraffe quenched its thirst.
The giraffe ran away.
The giraffe rejoined its herd.
The giraffe remained vigilant.
The giraffe sat down.
The giraffe seemed to sense something.
The giraffe sensed the danger.
The giraffe spread its legs and swung its neck at the lioness.
The giraffe started suckling.
The giraffe stood still.
The giraffe stood up.
The giraffe stretched out its neck to get food.
The giraffe survived the lion attack.
The giraffe swung its head and hit the lioness.
The giraffe swung its huge muscular neck and hit the lioness.
The giraffe trampled the hyena to death.
The giraffe was captured and blindfolded.
The giraffe was exhausted.
The giraffe was flapping its ears.
The giraffe was flicking its tail.
The giraffe was focused on the lioness coming from the front, but there were three lionesses approaching her from behind.
The giraffe was injured from a lion attack.
The giraffe was injured.
The giraffe was laming.
The giraffe was pursued by lions.
The giraffe was relaxed.
The giraffe was released.
The giraffe was running in the dark.
The giraffe was running towards a lake.
The giraffe was running.
The giraffe was sedated.
The giraffe was taking a rest under the huge acacia tree.
The giraffe was unaware of a group of lions in the grass.
The giraffe was walking along the river bank.
The giraffe's neck is long.
The giraffes are again on the move.
The giraffes are busy eating.
The giraffes are enjoying a lazy afternoon under a huge tree.
The giraffes are exhausted.
The giraffes are facing a tough dry season this year.
The giraffes are facing a tough dry season.
The giraffes are keeping their distance from the elephants.
The giraffes are near the waterhole.
The giraffes are too busy eating.
The giraffes came back to the river.
The giraffes came here to rest after a night in search of food.
The giraffes clean themselves with their own tongue.
The giraffes coalesced into a massive herd.
The giraffes couldn't find any water.
The giraffes decided to move to another area to look for water.
The giraffes fled in different directions.
The giraffes grouped and stood together.
The giraffes have just discovered a waterhole.
The giraffes have nowhere to hide.
The giraffes have quenched their thirst.
The giraffes haven't drank water for days.
The giraffes kept moving.
The giraffes kept on moving.
The giraffes know where to find food.
The giraffes moved to another area.
The giraffes need to cross this area of barren land to find water.
The giraffes spent a long day searching for food.
The giraffes spent another day without finding food.
The giraffes spent another day without finding water.
The giraffes spent the morning feeding on the leaves of acacia leaves.
The giraffes starved to death.
The giraffes survived the dry season.
The giraffes use this waterhole for drinking.
The giraffes went to the river to drink.
The giraffes were at the waterhole.
The giraffes were eating, unconcerned.
The giraffes were following the elephants.
The giraffes were looking for a waterhole.
The giraffes were quenching their thirst in the stagnant pool.
The giraffes were relaxing under a huge tree.
The giraffes were traveling in search of food.
The girder could not support such a heavy weight.
The girder is a 15 meter long, 13 metric ton framework that is packed with several kilometers of tubing and wiring to support cooling, power, and data relay equipment for future research laboratories.
The girl I love does not want to talk to me.
The girl I love doesn't love me.
The girl I spoke to you about lives in Tokyo.
The girl I told you about is from Australia.
The girl I told you about is from Boston.
The girl I told you about lives here.
The girl I told you about lives in Boston.
The girl I told you about lives in Kyoto.
The girl I took to the dance is Tom's sister.
The girl I wanted to marry married somebody else.
The girl I wanted to marry married someone else.
The girl I went to the movies with is a friend of mine.
The girl Tom is speaking to is Mary.
The girl Tom is talking with is Mary.
The girl Tom saw yesterday in the park is from Australia.
The girl Tom was beginning to love was beginning to love him, too.
The girl Tom was chatting with fainted.
The girl Tom was going out with left him.
The girl Vladimir is talking about is Anna.
The girl about whom I told you lives here.
The girl added a period to her final sentence and stood up to turn in her essay to the teacher.
The girl always carries her doll about.
The girl always looked happy, but she wasn't at all happy.
The girl and her parents were very sympathetic.
The girl answered: "Yes, auntie, I'll eat them both."
The girl appeared sick.
The girl asked her father to read the book to her.
The girl asked her teacher a question.
The girl at the door is Lucy.
The girl basks in the love of her family.
The girl became a woman and the woman became a man.
The girl became a woman.
The girl began to cry at the sight of a dog.
The girl began to cry at the sight of the big dog.
The girl begged her mother to accompany her.
The girl blew a kiss at the boy.
The girl bought milk from the market.
The girl bought some lip gloss at the convenience store.
The girl broke into tears.
The girl broke the window.
The girl brought her favourite plush toy.
The girl brought her favourite teddy bear.
The girl brought me a red and a white rose.
The girl brought me a red and white rose.
The girl brushed past me.
The girl burst into tears.
The girl buys milk at the market.
The girl called Tom a pervert.
The girl came around when we threw water on her face.
The girl came dancing toward me.
The girl came into the room and burst into tears.
The girl came without complaint.
The girl can't have done such a thing.
The girl can’t have done such a thing.
The girl carrying a banjo seemed scared.
The girl carrying a mandolin was very beautiful.
The girl caught a small fish.
The girl caused her to get injured while skiing.
The girl cherishes a doll given by her aunt.
The girl claimed that Tom had molested her.
The girl closed her eyes and listened to the pastor.
The girl closely resembles my dead mother.
The girl combed her doll's hair.
The girl coming in at the door now is always late.
The girl continued to talk.
The girl cried out for help.
The girl danced for joy.
The girl danced in a way that brought joy to the audience.
The girl declared that she'd study a lot, get good grades and not fight with her parents.
The girl denied saying bad things about her friend.
The girl did not like to wash dishes, but she made the best of it.
The girl did not say anything.
The girl did nothing I said.
The girl did nothing but cry.
The girl did nothing but read all day.
The girl did nothing she said.
The girl didn't know how to use the fire extinguisher.
The girl didn't like the juice.
The girl didn't like to wash dishes.
The girl didn't say anything.
The girl didn’t like to wash dishes.
The girl disappeared in the misty forest.
The girl does not drink alcohol.
The girl doesn't do anything other than cry.
The girl doesn't know how to do it.
The girl doesn't like juice.
The girl doesn't like the red shoes.
The girl doesn't like to play soccer.
The girl doesn't want her name to be known.
The girl doesn’t know how to do it.
The girl doesn’t like juice.
The girl doesn’t like the red shoes.
The girl doesn’t like to play soccer.
The girl drank down the milk in one gulp.
The girl drawing a picture in the first row is my niece.
The girl dressed in white is his fiancÃ©e.
The girl dressed in white is his fiancée.
The girl drinks orange juice.
The girl drinks tea.
The girl drinks the water.
The girl drinks water.
The girl entered the room.
The girl exercised on the parallel bars.
The girl fainted, but she came to when we threw water on her face.
The girl fancied herself a doctor.
The girl fell asleep.
The girl flung her arms around him.
The girl flushed.
The girl fought with her dad after he refused to give her money.
The girl found in the forest was suffering from hypothermia.
The girl frowns.
The girl gave her seat to an old woman in the bus.
The girl gave him an odd look.
The girl goes to school.
The girl got distracted and lost sight of her parents.
The girl got her fingers caught in the door.
The girl got up suddenly.
The girl greeted me with a smile.
The girl grew up to be a pianist.
The girl had a big red hat.
The girl had a huge box of dolls.
The girl had a large red hat on.
The girl had a long scarf around her neck.
The girl had a telescope in her hand.
The girl had big boobs but sadly she was one sandwich short of a picnic.
The girl had flowing hair.
The girl had grown up without any money and when she married she became a spendthrift.
The girl had left with thirty euros.
The girl had no one to turn to for advice.
The girl had to abandon the idea of becoming a singer.
The girl had to drop the idea of becoming a singer.
The girl has a beautiful doll.
The girl has a high voice.
The girl has a lot of talent.
The girl has a mouse.
The girl has a pure voice.
The girl has a rabbit as a pet.
The girl has a scarf around her neck.
The girl has a soft heart.
The girl has a sweet heart.
The girl has a sweet, small mouth.
The girl has a white horse.
The girl has an exotic image of the boy.
The girl has been kidnapped.
The girl has black hair and blue eyes.
The girl has golden hair.
The girl has grown into a slender woman.
The girl has grown up and now she is the director of the Children's Musical Theatre.
The girl has no mother.
The girl has seen it too.
The girl has skirts.
The girl has spent all day crying.
The girl has to match me in skill.
The girl hates being laid up in bed because of a headache.
The girl he loved was Laura Merton, the daughter of a retired Colonel who had lost his temper and his digestion in India, and had never found either of them again.
The girl he's speaking to is Nancy.
The girl held out her hand.
The girl helped the boy.
The girl hesitated.
The girl hired by the shop to attract customers is quite cute and every time I go there I end up buying a lot of things.
The girl hops.
The girl hugged her doll.
The girl hugged herself.
The girl hugs me.
The girl imagined she was a doctor.
The girl imagines that she is a doctor.
The girl in a blue coat is my daughter.
The girl in a white uniform took my temperature.
The girl in the blue coat is my daughter.
The girl in the blue dress is Mary.
The girl in the blue jacket is my daughter.
The girl in the photo is smiling.
The girl in the picture has a flower wreath on her head, and not a golden crown.
The girl in the picture is smiling.
The girl in the picture is wearing a crown not of gold but of flowers.
The girl in the picture was wearing a crown, not made of gold, but made of flowers.
The girl in the red dress ignored the man dressed in black and called a friend on her cellphone.
The girl in the white dress is my sister.
The girl insisted on being taken to the zoo.
The girl insisted on going shopping with her mother.
The girl is Irish.
The girl is a nurse.
The girl is afraid of dogs.
The girl is afraid of the dark.
The girl is alone.
The girl is beautiful.
The girl is blind from birth.
The girl is blowing bubbles.
The girl is buying milk at the supermarket.
The girl is checking out the rear of the bicycle.
The girl is colouring in a picture in her colouring book.
The girl is convinced that she's a princess.
The girl is deeply attached to her aunt.
The girl is doing homework.
The girl is doing the dishes.
The girl is drinking tea now.
The girl is drinking tea.
The girl is eating bread.
The girl is extremely tall.
The girl is fatter than the boy.
The girl is friendly to me.
The girl is getting over mountains of difficulties.
The girl is going to school, even though she wants to sleep.
The girl is going to school.
The girl is happily reading.
The girl is ill.
The girl is in school.
The girl is in the bathroom.
The girl is jumping on the bed.
The girl is jumping.
The girl is left-handed.
The girl is lonely.
The girl is not for sale. She just works here.
The girl is not here too.
The girl is not old enough to be responsible.
The girl is older than the boy.
The girl is pacing in front of the house.
The girl is petting a cat.
The girl is playing with her Scalextric.
The girl is playing with her doll.
The girl is playing with her dolls.
The girl is playing.
The girl is pretty.
The girl is pulling her mom's hair.
The girl is reading a newspaper.
The girl is reading beneath the tree.
The girl is reading happily.
The girl is reading with her grandfather.
The girl is reading.
The girl is really hungry.
The girl is right.
The girl is scared from her dad.
The girl is sitting by the fountain.
The girl is skillful at knitting.
The girl is skillful with her fingers.
The girl is small for her age.
The girl is smelling the flowers.
The girl is smiling in the picture.
The girl is somewhat of a killjoy.
The girl is stroking the cat.
The girl is stuck in a fantasy of being a princess.
The girl is terrified of dogs.
The girl is too shy.
The girl is trying to ride on just one wheel. Her small vehicle is called a unicycle.
The girl is two years old, believe it or not.
The girl is ugly.
The girl is unwell.
The girl is used to playing all by herself.
The girl is very pretty.
The girl is very tall.
The girl is wearing a white dress.
The girl is writing.
The girl jumped at the chance to go to New York.
The girl jumped to her feet and left the room.
The girl kept crying.
The girl kindly told me the way to the museum.
The girl kissed her father on the cheek.
The girl lacked musical ability.
The girl laughed merrily, and then, rather shyly, she thanked him.
The girl lay listening to the radio.
The girl left.
The girl lent her friend her new typewriter.
The girl let the bird go.
The girl let the bird loose.
The girl lifted her face, still wet with tears.
The girl lifted the heavy box with one hand.
The girl liked the boy.
The girl likes green bananas.
The girl likes horses.
The girl likes plantains.
The girl likes raspberry juice.
The girl likes the dog.
The girl likes the music.
The girl likes to watch cartoons.
The girl listened to music, the boy was reading a book.
The girl loitered in front of the house.
The girl looked around apprehensively.
The girl looked around shyly.
The girl looked around.
The girl looked at him once more, and then she blushed as if a flame had gone up her cheeks.
The girl looked at him too.
The girl looked embarrassed at his rude question.
The girl looked for her.
The girl looked for him.
The girl looked ill.
The girl looked so pale.
The girl looks at me uncomfortably.
The girl looks like her mother.
The girl lost her bracelet.
The girl made a doll out of a piece of cloth.
The girl made an awkward bow.
The girl made off with her employer's money.
The girl made off with her employer’s money.
The girl may well think ill you.
The girl melted into tears.
The girl might be an alien.
The girl milked the cow into the pails that stood by.
The girl mocked him.
The girl needs to sleep.
The girl next to me on the plane started to get scared from the turbulence.
The girl noticed someone go out of the door.
The girl nudged her friend in the side.
The girl on the right is Mary.
The girl opened her eyes, saw the bear, and fled to the window.
The girl opened her eyes, saw the bear, and fled toward the window.
The girl opened her umbrella.
The girl opened up her birthday present and smiled.
The girl over there is my sister.
The girl over there is the most intelligent.
The girl over there waiting for Tom and Mary are friends of mine.
The girl over there waiting for Tom is a friend of mine.
The girl over there wearing a miniskirt is my sister.
The girl paused and smiled; the young man paused and sighed.
The girl peered curiously around the corner into the window.
The girl played the baby to her mother.
The girl played the banjo with astonishing speed and skill.
The girl playing the piano is Akiko.
The girl playing the piano is my daughter.
The girl playing the piano is my sister.
The girl playing the piano is named Akiko.
The girl playing with her doll didn't notice me.
The girl put on dangling earrings.
The girl put the key in her pocket.
The girl ran away from home and cut loose from her parents' control.
The girl ran away from home and cut loose from her parents’ control.
The girl ran away.
The girl read her book.
The girl reading a book is Kate.
The girl reading a cookbook is Kate.
The girl reads with her grandfather.
The girl released the birds from the cage.
The girl remained in the incubator.
The girl remains lost.
The girl resembled her mother.
The girl resembles her mother very much.
The girl resembles her mother.
The girl riding on the back of Tom's motorcycle is Mary.
The girl rowing a boat is my cousin.
The girl rowing the boat is my cousin.
The girl running over there is my sister.
The girl said nothing.
The girl said she was going shopping with her mother, and didn't listen to what I said.
The girl said she was going shopping with her mother, and didn’t listen to what I said.
The girl said she was going shopping with her mother, ignoring what she was told.
The girl said that she had never heard of such a person.
The girl sang a song.
The girl sat beside me.
The girl sat down next to Ziri.
The girl sat down next to him and they began chatting.
The girl sat on a chair at the kitchen table.
The girl saw her, too.
The girl saw him, too.
The girl saw it as well.
The girl saw it, too.
The girl saw them, too.
The girl screamed when she saw the flames.
The girl screamed with fear, which we all shared.
The girl seemed surprised by the boy's question.
The girl seemed to pay no attention to him.
The girl seems to be rich.
The girl seems to be sick.
The girl sees the boy.
The girl shed some tears when her father died.
The girl shook her head in refusal and the boy stood there shaking.
The girl shrank back in fear.
The girl singing over there is my sister.
The girl singing there is my sister.
The girl singing with Tom is Mary.
The girl sings and dances and then laughs at me.
The girl sitting across the table from Tom is Mary.
The girl sitting at the piano is my daughter.
The girl sitting by the window is Mary.
The girl sitting next to Tom is Mary.
The girl sitting next to Tom is his daughter.
The girl sitting next to me on the bus seemed sick.
The girl sitting next to you on the bench was very attractive.
The girl sitting over there is Mary.
The girl sitting over there is Nancy.
The girl smashed the window.
The girl smiled and giggled cordially as she spoke.
The girl smiled at him, but he did not smile back.
The girl smiled at me.
The girl smiled at the boy.
The girl smiled.
The girl snapped up the package and pointed to a little old man standing beside her.
The girl speaking French to Tom is Mary.
The girl speaks English quite well.
The girl speaks English very well.
The girl spends hours drawing superhero comics.
The girl spends hours drawing superhero stories.
The girl squeezed her doll affectionately.
The girl standing over there is Mary.
The girl standing over there is my sister Sue.
The girl standing there is Mary.
The girl staring back at me was angry.
The girl started shaking when she saw the puppets move. She thought they were dolls that had come alive.
The girl started to cry.
The girl started to sob.
The girl still believes in Santa Claus.
The girl stood in front of the classroom.
The girl stood in tears.
The girl stood looking into the mirror.
The girl stood up to her knees in the water.
The girl stopped talking and smiled; the young man stopped talking and sighed.
The girl stuck her tongue out at her.
The girl suddenly shivered.
The girl swimming in the pond is my cousin.
The girl swimming in the pool is my cousin.
The girl talked to her parents about her college life in Tokyo.
The girl talked to trees.
The girl talking to John is Susan.
The girl talking to Tom is Mary.
The girl talking with Jim is Mary.
The girl talking with John is Susan.
The girl talking with John is called Susan.
The girl talking with Mayumi is my sister.
The girl talking with Tom is Mary.
The girl that I know very well has already left for Tokyo.
The girl that I like is over there.
The girl that I liked also liked Tom.
The girl that Tom saw yesterday in the park is from Australia.
The girl that came yesterday was a stranger to me.
The girl that likes me is over there.
The girl that plays the piano is my sister.
The girl that we were talking about lives here.
The girl that works at the bakery is cute.
The girl that you were talking to is my sister.
The girl that's riding on the back of Tom's motorcycle is Mary.
The girl then went off again, and reached her home with her money bags, married a rich man, and lived happy ever afterwards.
The girl thinks about the boy constantly.
The girl threw her arms around her father's neck.
The girl threw her arms around her father’s neck.
The girl to whom he is speaking is Nancy.
The girl took the biggest spoon and supped from the biggest bowl.
The girl took the cake for her wonderful dancing at the recital.
The girl took the rapier and hid it.
The girl tore the cloth.
The girl treated her horse kindly.
The girl trembled with fear.
The girl tried hard to hold back her tears.
The girl tried to speak, but before she could sob out her thanks the old man had touched her softly on the head three times with his silver staff. In an instant Elsa knew that she was turning into a bird: wings sprang from beneath her arms; her feet were the feet of eagles, with long claws; her nose curved itself into a sharp beak, and feathers covered her body. Then she soared high in the air, and floated up towards the clouds, as if she had really been hatched an eagle.
The girl turned Tom down.
The girl turned her back to the man.
The girl under the tree looks sad.
The girl usually drinks orange juice.
The girl vanished like magic.
The girl waiting for that boy is a friend of mine.
The girl walked slowly.
The girl walking over there is my daughter.
The girl walking with Ken is May.
The girl walking with Tom is Mary.
The girl wanted all her father's love for herself and tended to see her mother merely as a rival.
The girl wanted to monopolize her father's affection and tended to view her mother as a competitor.
The girl wanted to monopolize her father’s affection and tended to view her mother as a competitor.
The girl wanted to tell him the truth, but she couldn't.
The girl wanted to, but could not, tell him the truth.
The girl wants to know the truth.
The girl wants to see a naked man.
The girl wants to speak with Tom.
The girl was afraid of her own shadow.
The girl was afraid to jump down from the roof.
The girl was always following her mother.
The girl was at the mercy of his cruelty.
The girl was aware of the danger.
The girl was badly injured in the traffic accident.
The girl was beaming with joy.
The girl was busy making tea for her friend.
The girl was called Elizabeth after her grandmother.
The girl was carrying a plastic bag stuffed full of things.
The girl was carrying several books, not textbooks but thick hardback books.
The girl was carrying several books. Not textbooks, but thick hardback books.
The girl was dabbing her tears with a handkerchief while her friend tried to console her.
The girl was drunk when the guy had sex with her--a clear case of date rape.
The girl was friendly with a bright smile.
The girl was gazing at the dock.
The girl was gazing at the doll.
The girl was given a prize for good conduct.
The girl was heard to sing a song.
The girl was homesick.
The girl was in her best.
The girl was in the incubator.
The girl was just like Amanda.
The girl was kidnapped.
The girl was kind enough to show me the way to the museum.
The girl was laughed at by all her classmates.
The girl was left an orphan and penniless.
The girl was looking at him too.
The girl was made a prisoner and condemned.
The girl was not downright homely.
The girl was not more careful than her friend.
The girl was not upset, even after being laughed at by her classmates.
The girl was overcome with grief.
The girl was pleased when she got a present.
The girl was pregnant before the priest could say Amen.
The girl was puzzled.
The girl was quick as a flash.
The girl was really impressed.
The girl was retarded.
The girl was sick for home.
The girl was silent.
The girl was sobbing in the corner of the schoolroom.
The girl was standing on the other side of the fire, gravely whistling a most extraordinary song.
The girl was struck with grief.
The girl was trembling with fear.
The girl was used to sitting up till late.
The girl was used to staying up late.
The girl was very useful about the house.
The girl was visibly shaken after the accident.
The girl was wearing a leather jacket.
The girl was wearing pink panties.
The girl washed her hair.
The girl we saw waiting in front of Tom's house was Mary.
The girl wearing a white dress is my sister.
The girl wearing headphones seemed to be asleep.
The girl wearing the blue coat is my daughter.
The girl wearing the pink headband is my brother-in-law's niece.
The girl wearing the yellow dress is Mary.
The girl went into the forest to look for mushrooms.
The girl went to school even though she was ill.
The girl went to school in spite of her illness.
The girl went to sleep.
The girl went to the school despite being sick.
The girl went to the school even though she was ill.
The girl who Brown married is a nurse.
The girl who I thought was a singer proved to be a different person.
The girl who can't dance says the orchestra can't play.
The girl who gave me beautiful flowers was your sister.
The girl who is dressed in white is my fiancÃ©e.
The girl who is dressed in white is my fiancée.
The girl who is talking to John is Susan.
The girl who lives here goes to my school.
The girl who lives next door is very pretty.
The girl who sang with Tom is his sister.
The girl who sings there is my sister.
The girl who was playing the piano is my daughter.
The girl who works at that bakery is cute.
The girl who works at the baker's is nice.
The girl who works at the bakery is cute.
The girl who works at the bakery is nice.
The girl who works at the bakery is pretty.
The girl who works in the bakery is affable.
The girl who wrote this composition is Nancy.
The girl who'd got lost sobbed as she said her name.
The girl who's playing the piano is my sister.
The girl who's riding on the back of Tom's motorcycle is Mary.
The girl who's talking with Tom is Mary.
The girl whose mother is ill is absent today.
The girl with blue eyes is Jane.
The girl with fair skin passes for nineteen.
The girl with long black hair is Mary.
The girl with long hair is Mary.
The girl with the long hair is Judy.
The girl with the long hair is Mary.
The girl with the red dress on is Mary.
The girl with whom he fell in love left him after a few months.
The girl wore a cute hat.
The girl wore a light blue kimono.
The girl wore a white turtleneck sweater.
The girl wore a yellow ribbon in her hair.
The girl wore yellow ribbons in her hair.
The girl would like a cookie.
The girl writes a good hand though she is still only ten.
The girl wrote something on the page of the book.
The girl you were just speaking with is Tom's girlfriend.
The girl you were talking to is my sister.
The girl's ability to speak four languages fluently impressed me.
The girl's brother had a nice boat.
The girl's chitchat never came to an end.
The girl's conscience smote her, as never before had she neglected for so long a time to go and see the faithful carer of her own motherless infancy, or else send needful provision for her impoverished old age.
The girl's eyes filled with tears.
The girl's eyes welled up with tears.
The girl's eyes were filled with tears.
The girl's father is a doctor.
The girl's father put her hair in a braid.
The girl's name is Anne.
The girl's name is Mary.
The girl's name reminds me of my happy school days.
The girl's parents agreed to her request.
The girl's voice became weaker and weaker.
The girl, I am convinced, loves you dearly, and would certainly prefer a handsome man like yourself, however poor, to an ugly ape, however rich.
The girl, closing her eyes, listened to the pastor.
The girl, her eyes shining brightly from that single hint, makes her cute cat-motif automatic pencil run across her notebook.
The girl, like her parents, was very sympathetic.
The girl, who had her head on the boy's shoulder, looked around in surprise.
The girl, who had her head on the boy’s shoulder, looked around in surprise.
The girls I know aren't into me.
The girls I met today were students.
The girls adorn their hair with garlands of freshly cut flowers.
The girls all laughed.
The girls all liked Tom.
The girls all made fun of him.
The girls amused themselves playing games.
The girls are as busy as bees.
The girls are brushing their hair.
The girls are eating their sandwiches.
The girls are excited.
The girls are facing each other.
The girls are going to be late this evening.
The girls are laughing.
The girls are making merry in the yard.
The girls are picking on each other again.
The girls are playing beach volleyball.
The girls are playing with the doll.
The girls are playing.
The girls are reading their book.
The girls are running across the field.
The girls are shy.
The girls are strange sometimes.
The girls are very busy.
The girls are wearing colorful dresses.
The girls are wild about the film star.
The girls arranged their party.
The girls began to laugh when they heard the story.
The girls began to laugh.
The girls bombarded Daniel with questions.
The girls bought a chocolate chip cookie with their extra money.
The girls bought him a watch.
The girls brush their hair.
The girls burst into laughter when they heard his joke.
The girls came dancing arm in arm.
The girls came singing toward the crowd.
The girls chased after their teen-age idol.
The girls clubbed together to help the poor family.
The girls continued to fight.
The girls couldn't wait to show off their fine needle work to us.
The girls couldn’t wait to show off their fine needle work to us.
The girls cried all the way home from school.
The girls danced in the gym.
The girls danced to music.
The girls designed and sold clothing for teens, incorporating traditional Moldovian embroidery motifs.
The girls don't like that song.
The girls don't like you.
The girls exchanged amused looks.
The girls exchanged glances.
The girls fainted.
The girls fought over a boy.
The girls gathered flowers in the meadow.
The girls gathered flowers.
The girls generally wear tight jeans.
The girls giggled when Tom walked by.
The girls giggled.
The girls go shopping.
The girls gossiped.
The girls greeted us warmly.
The girls grew tomatoes in the window.
The girls had a catfight.
The girls here just aren't as beautiful as the girls back home in Australia.
The girls here just aren't as beautiful as the girls back home in Boston.
The girls hope to meet white boys in Blackpool.
The girls in the photo are Boldi's five sisters.
The girls just want to have fun.
The girls kissed each other at the bar.
The girls knocked my books out of my hands and laughed at me.
The girls laughed at Tom.
The girls laughed at her.
The girls laughed at him.
The girls laughed cheerfully.
The girls laughed loudly.
The girls laughed.
The girls looked at each other.
The girls made fun of Amanda and threw tampons at her.
The girls objected to our plan.
The girls of the village do not scare him.
The girls only wanted to have fun.
The girls out there were crazy about Elias's handsome face.
The girls over there waiting for Tom and Mary are friends of mine.
The girls picked on Mary because she was pretty.
The girls played with their toys.
The girls please me.
The girls present received a shock.
The girls put on makeup every morning.
The girls ran to the corner. Mai Ai runs like a gazelle. She was still running in place when they stopped at the corner.
The girls read a newspaper.
The girls read and write.
The girls reveled in dancing.
The girls rounded on Ziri.
The girls run and play.
The girls sat quietly.
The girls sat side by side.
The girls say they know they didn't pass, but I think they did pretty well.
The girls shed tears after reading the novel.
The girls sitting on the bench are Mary and Alice.
The girls spread many false rumors and lies about Mary.
The girls standing over there are Mary and Alice.
The girls stared at each other.
The girls started fighting.
The girls started laughing.
The girls started smiling.
The girls started to crack jokes at Tom's expense.
The girls talked about astronomy.
The girls talked about boys, and the boys talked about football.
The girls talked about boys, and the boys talked about girls.
The girls talked about boys.
The girls talked about fashion.
The girls talked about her behind her back.
The girls talked about particle physics.
The girls talked loudly on the train.
The girls talked loudly.
The girls teased Tom and they made fun of him.
The girls usually wear tight-fitting jeans.
The girls want someone on a white horse holding a sword but not someone with a true heart.
The girls want to play inside, and the boys want to play outside.
The girls wanted to meet white boys because the Asian ones were going out with white girls.
The girls wanted to pick beautiful flowers in spring.
The girls watched one another.
The girls watered her flowers this evening.
The girls wear colourful dresses.
The girls wear light blue skirts.
The girls weaved the flowers into wreaths.
The girls went fishing today. Alla caught a big one.
The girls went shopping together.
The girls went shopping.
The girls were against our plan.
The girls were all crying.
The girls were all excited at the thought of meeting the actor.
The girls were asleep.
The girls were bewildered when they discovered their dad in his underwear sitting on the roof of the house.
The girls were crying.
The girls were dancing lightly like so many butterflies.
The girls were dancing sexually.
The girls were emotional.
The girls were excited.
The girls were left behind.
The girls were not afraid, but the boys were.
The girls were open to the idea of a boy joining the cheer team.
The girls were quite impressed.
The girls were sitting right next to each other.
The girls were sitting side by side.
The girls were trained to be beautiful.
The girls were trussed up and left in a cellar.
The girls weren't afraid, but the boys were.
The girls weren't dressed properly.
The girls weren't timid.
The girls whispered among themselves.
The girls who I met today were students.
The girls who go, sickle on their shoulders, to cut alfalfa for the rabbits.
The girls whom I met today were students.
The girls will not play tennis tomorrow.
The girls won't play tennis tomorrow.
The girls won.
The girls wore grass skirts and had flowers around their necks.
The girls work.
The girls yanked the books out of my hands and laughed at me.
The girls you were talking to are my students.
The girls you were talking to aren't my students.
The girls you were talking to used to be my students.
The girls' chatter was endless.
The girls' conversation had no end.
The girls’ chatter was endless.
The girl’s eyes were filled with tears.
The girl’s name reminds me of my happy school days.
The girl’s parents agreed to her request.
The girl’s voice became weaker and weaker.
The gist of the Nuremberg trials is that everyone is ultimately responsible for their own decisions.
The gist of the Nuremberg trials is that if you don't punch Nazis, you're as bad as they are.
The glacier descends from the summit into the White River Valley.
The glacier is melting.
The glacier is moving slowly.
The glacier moves but by inches.
The glacier moves slowly.
The glacier moves, but very slowly.
The glaciers are melting.
The glaciers are shrinking.
The glaciologists collected ice cores in the glacier.
The glaciologists collected ice cores.
The gladiolus comes principally from South Africa, where about fifty species have been discovered.
The glamour-girl-next-door image of Eileen Gu holding Lunar New Year treats illuminates bus stop ads throughout Beijing.
The glans (head of the penis) is covered with loose skin called the foreskin.
The glans of the penis is generally very sensitive.
The glare from the headlights blinded her and this caused the accident.
The glare of the light dazzled me even through closed eyelids.
The glare of the light dazzled me, even though my eyes were closed.
The glaring headlights dazzled us for a moment.
The glaring light is hurtful to the eyes.
The glass bottle contained a precious elixir which could cure any disease.
The glass bowl broke into tiny fragments.
The glass bowl smashed into tiny pieces.
The glass broke and Edmundo made his way inside the room.
The glass broke to pieces.
The glass broke when it hit the floor.
The glass can't absorb water, but the curtain can.
The glass ceiling refers to an invisible barrier that keeps women and minorities from reaching the top of the corporate ladder.
The glass contains water.
The glass crashed to the ground.
The glass cup broke.
The glass dropped from his hand.
The glass fell and shattered.
The glass fell off the table.
The glass from a round table has been smashed.
The glass fronted building before you is the rose garden. It's a greenhouse so you will always be able to appreciate the roses.
The glass fronted building before you is the rose garden. It’s a greenhouse so you will always be able to appreciate the roses.
The glass got broken.
The glass is about three quarters full.
The glass is broken, yes, but the watch itself is still going.
The glass is broken.
The glass is clean.
The glass is coloured red and white.
The glass is dirty.
The glass is empty.
The glass is filled to the brim.
The glass is filled with milk.
The glass is fragile and transparent.
The glass is full of milk.
The glass is full of water.
The glass is full of wine.
The glass is half empty.
The glass is made of transparent plastic.
The glass is opaque.
The glass is transparent.
The glass isn't empty.
The glass of milk is on the table.
The glass round table was smashed.
The glass shattered into pieces.
The glass shattered.
The glass slipper was brought to the two sisters, who did all they possibly could to thrust a foot into the slipper, but they could not succeed.
The glass was broken by Paul.
The glass was broken by someone.
The glass was broken to pieces.
The glass was dashed to pieces.
The glass was empty.
The glass was full to the brim.
The glass was shattered.
The glass window shattered.
The glasses are empty and the wine has run out.
The glasses are in the glass cupboards.
The glasses are on the bedside.
The glasses are pretty.
The glasses are squeezing you.
The glasses case is on the sideboard.
The glasses clink against one another when we do "cheers."
The gleaming surface of the snow meant that dark sunglasses were needed.
The glib tone of the article undermines its credibility.
The glider clipped a power line.
The glider soared high into the air.
The glitter of the sun hurts my eyes.
The glittery blue wafer in Ed Witt's hand is no larger than a greeting card. But photovoltaic cells such as these are mighty, they can power everything from solar calculators to satellites. To demonstrate the latest technologies, Mr. Witt leads me to an outdoor testing site.
The global annual average temperature has increased by more than 1.5 degrees F between 1880 and 2012.
The global climate is changing and we need to put on the brakes a little bit.
The global economy has fallen into a recession.
The global economy is in a downward spiral.
The global economy is set to grow by around five percent this year, but global trade and fiscal imbalances are also on the rise.
The global economy is spiraling downwards.
The global effort to curb malaria is succeeding phenomenally, according to the latest report from the World Health Organization.
The global effort to end polio has been going on for more than 30 years.
The global end of leaded gasoline use has been lauded as a milestone by the United Nations Environment Program.
The global financial crisis is hitting Algeria very badly.
The global fixation on the evolution of the novel coronavirus has knocked the DRC’s Ebola epidemic out of the media’s spotlight.
The global left is not coordinated on the same level as the global right, despite propaganda to the contrary.
The global ocean conveyor belt is a constantly moving system of deep-ocean circulation driven by temperature and salinity.
The global pandemic is causing major anxiety for many.
The global press praised him as an exceptionally imaginative director.
The global rate of economic growth in 2024 is 3.1 percent, so 0.2 percentage points higher than in October 2023.
The global scientific community has made clear that human activity is already changing the world’s climate system.
The global scientific community unanimously subscribed to the Flat Earth theory, too. I understand that this sounds far-fetched, but in order to understand Exodus you have to see the bigger picture.
The global temperature then increased about five degrees Celsius, causing profound changes in the planet’s ecology, including mass extinctions.
The globalists can all go to hell.
The globe is similar in shape to an orange.
The globule of spittle emerged between his lips.
The gloomy house was like a ghost.
The glorification of those ideas were not to my taste.
The glorious ocean, crisped with a thousand rippling waves of silver, extended on the other side of the castle, in awful yet complacent majesty, to the verge of the horizon.
The glory of New York is its museums.
The glossary was developed from one which he had collected with the help of the email list.
The glottis is part of the larynx.
The glottis separates the upper and lower respiratory tracts.
The glove has a hole in the thumb.
The glove suggests that she was at the scene of the crime.
The gloves are in the bag.
The gloves fit like a mould.
The glow from the firewood illuminated Matthew's face, giving him a warm and comforting feeling.
The glow of the light was intense.
The glue has started leaking out.
The gluteal region is often the preferred site for intramuscular injections because the muscles in this region are dense.
The gnarled branches scraped and grasped for me like living hands.
The gnats swarmed us.
The gnocchi alla sorrentina at Benedito's restaurant is mouth-watering.
The gnocchi at Benedito's restaurant is homemade.
The gnome is probably still out there.
The gnome pulled out a knife and leapt at Tom.
The gnome ran right out on the road.
The gnome returned at night.
The gnome smiled and ran away.
The gnome tapped on the windows.
The gnome tormented Ziri every night.
The gnome wanted Ziri out of the area.
The gnomes are on strike.
The goad helped the farmer control the plowing oxen.
The goal came from a bad clearance by the opposing goalkeeper.
The goal counts.
The goal is accessibility.
The goal is always the maximum profit.
The goal is not to affect current oil production, but to obscure that country's energy future.
The goal is still some distance away.
The goal is the first prize.
The goal is to create a safe environment for everyone.
The goal is to get all the balls in the bucket before time runs out.
The goal is to test the space travel technology in cislunar space—the area between Earth and the moon.
The goal is to win.
The goal music at Bayern is shocking.
The goal of Christianity was to destabilize Judea and make it ripe for direct Roman rule.
The goal of Postcrossing is to connect the world via real mail, by allowing you to exchange postcards with other random members around the world.
The goal of Spartacus was to gain freedom and to allow all his followers to return to their respective homelands of origin, in Thrace, Gaul, Germany.
The goal of Tatoeba is to collect sentences of many languages globally, not to laugh at or attack the mistakes in other people's sentences, isn't it?
The goal of education cannot be for everyone to be capable of clarifying Einstein's theory of relativity, but for no one to be capable of fixing a leaky faucet.
The goal of education is not wealth or status, but personal development.
The goal of education is to replace an empty mind with a closed one.
The goal of medicine is health.
The goal of my content is always to entertain.
The goal of the Ice Bucket Challenge was to raise awareness of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, or ALS.
The goal of the center should be to train young people from other countries within a specific time period.
The goal of the fossil preparators is to remove all of the rock surrounding the fossil in the field jacket, and to stabilize the fossil so that it can last in the collections in perpetuity.
The goal of the game is to eliminate the opponent's pieces.
The goal of the game was already said.
The goal of the practice of medicine is health.
The goal of the program is to detect broad-scale changes in ecological condition by observing certain parameters over time—and to give park managers early warning of any issues they may need to address.
The goal of this device is to keep the boiler pressure from increasing more than the calculation.
The goal of this mission is to extract 2 kilograms of sample from the moon’s northern Mons Rümker region and bring it back to the Earth.
The goal of this project is to monitor worker production.
The goal of this report is to examine every advantage and disadvantage of this proposal.
The goal of this report is to research all the pros and cons of the proposal.
The goal of this walk was to tire us.
The goal of writing is to be seen by others.
The goal of writing is to make others see.
The goal stands.
The goal was achieved.
The goal was disallowed because Tom was in an offside position.
The goal was disallowed because the player had touched the ball with his arm.
The goal was disallowed for offside.
The goal was disallowed.
The goal was offside.
The goal was to buy time.
The goal would be to correct inefficiencies and redundancies, and to get these various offices spread throughout the government working together in a more coordinated way.
The goal, even when a small one, always becomes gooooooooooooooooooal in the mouth of a radio presenter, a full-throated "do" capable of permanently silencing Caruso, and the crowd goes wild, and the stadium forgets it is made of cement and lifts off the ground and into the air.
The goal-keeper took his place in goal.
The goalie deflected the puck with his stick.
The goalie will have to be replaced.
The goalkeeper for France dived to the ground and saved Ronaldo’s shot.
The goalkeeper kept a clean sheet.
The goalkeeper made a brilliant save.
The goalkeeper made a spectacular save.
The goalkeeper was a class apart today.
The goalkeeper was deceived by the flight of the ball.
The goalkeeper was ready.
The goalpost blocked Gustavo's shot.
The goals of radical Zionists are atrocious.
The goals were placed at the opposite ends of the town.
The goat Mei, that hurried inside a mountain hut on a stormy night.
The goat accidentally bumped into the wall while running.
The goat ate all the grass in the field.
The goat ate from her hand.
The goat ate the food from my hand.
The goat basked in the sunlight.
The goat bleated loudly to get attention.
The goat bleated loudly.
The goat bleated.
The goat bleated: "Maa!"
The goat carefully avoided bumping into the rock.
The goat carefully slid down the gentle slope.
The goat chewed on Mark's shirt and left holes in it.
The goat chewed on a discarded shoe.
The goat chewed on a small twig it found.
The goat climbed onto the roof with agility.
The goat climbed partway up the steep mountain.
The goat climbed the rocky hill.
The goat climbed up the rocky hill carefully.
The goat curiously observed its reflection in a still pond.
The goat curiously poked its head out of the barn.
The goat curiously poked its head through a hole.
The goat curiously sniffed the colorful flowers.
The goat effortlessly crawled under a low fence.
The goat escaped through a small hole in the fence.
The goat followed Mark around everywhere he went, like a loyal dog.
The goat followed its owner obediently.
The goat followed its owner.
The goat found a cozy spot under the shady tree and slept.
The goat got loose and wandered into Mark's garden, eating all the vegetables.
The goat gracefully leapt over a fallen log.
The goat grazed on fresh grass.
The goat grazed peacefully in the green pasture.
The goat had been tethered to the fence.
The goat hid behind a large rock to avoid being seen.
The goat hopped agilely from one rock to another.
The goat hopped on the rocks.
The goat is an atheist.
The goat is bleating.
The goat is eating everything.
The goat is sick.
The goat is the poor man's cow.
The goat is tied and can't get anywhere.
The goat jumped over the fence.
The goat jumped over the low fences effortlessly.
The goat kicked up a cloud of dust as it ran.
The goat makes the gumbo; the rabbit eats it.
The goat nibbled on leaves.
The goat nibbled on the fresh leaves of a tree.
The goat nudged the gate closed.
The goat nudged the gate open with its head.
The goat peacefully grazed on the lush hillside.
The goat playfully balanced on a fallen branch.
The goat playfully hid behind a large tree.
The goat playfully kicked a soccer ball with its hoof.
The goat playfully stomped its hooves on the ground.
The goat pushed open the gate with its snout.
The goat quenched its thirst by drinking from a cool stream.
The goat quickly dashed across the road.
The goat raced playfully with the other goats.
The goat ran playfully through the open field.
The goat ran through the field.
The goat rested comfortably on a soft bed of straw.
The goat scratched its back against a tall tree.
The goat shared some food with the other animals.
The goat shook its head to shake off some water.
The goat shook off the water.
The goat skillfully balanced on a fallen log.
The goat skillfully climbed a low tree branch.
The goat slept under the tree.
The goat snuggled up to its owner for warmth.
The goat stood on its hind legs momentarily.
The goat stood on its hind legs to reach higher leaves.
The goat strayed away from the flock momentarily.
The goat strayed from the flock.
The goat stretched its neck to reach the leaves.
The goat that Mark owns is very friendly and loves attention.
The goat tugged on the rope, testing its strength.
The goat wandered freely in the open meadow.
The goat wandered in the meadow.
The goat was eating hay off the ground.
The goat was the poor man's cow.
The goat won first prize at the county fair, making Mark very proud.
The goat's favorite food is hay, which Mark feeds it every day.
The goat's milk that Mark sells is very popular among the locals.
The goat's name is Tom.
The goats are grazing.
The goats are in the pen.
The goats bleated in the barn.
The goats came and grazed near them, as if they also were desirous of partaking of the festival.
The goats drank water.
The goats dug for roots and tubers when grass was scarce.
The goats were bleating in the barn.
The goats were eating the figs that dropped on the ground.
The goats' usual habitat is the nearby scenic Great Orme Park regional park just outside of town.
The goblet is silver.
The goblin army will attack at midnight.
The goblins grinned gruesomely.
The god of the Old Testament is a blood-thirsty tyrant — petty and vengeful.
The goddess Isis is the mother of Horus.
The goddess Natural Selection blindly and unconsciously, but amazingly creatively, chooses random mutations produced at long intervals by the god Chance.
The goddess exists.
The goddess gave the warrior a sword and a shield.
The goddess has a cymbal in her hands.
The godless community was perceived as uncivilised by its neighbours.
The godless woman must be punished.
The godmother baked a delicious cake.
The godmother wished the ship at the christening, among other things: "May there always be enough water beneath your keel!"
The gods are always right.
The gods are fake.
The gods are pleased by your actions.
The gods are pleased.
The gods do not hear me.
The gods do not take kindly to heretics.
The gods do not tolerate cowardice.
The gods feel pain.
The gods forever graciously abide with you!
The gods got angry with Tom.
The gods had condemned Sisyphus to ceaselessly rolling a rock to the top of a mountain.
The gods have decreed that man is mortal.
The gods help them that help themselves.
The gods kill their enemies.
The gods mock us? Let's mock them too.
The gods moved away from the mountain.
The gods of a falling religion become the demons of a rising one.
The gods of the new world are billionaires.
The gods punish cowardice.
The gods punish sinners.
The gods will be pleased.
The gods will reward you.
The gods will save us.
The gods work for the CIA.
The goggles protect your eyes from dust.
The going is slow.
The going was rough, but God was on my side.
The gold coin was much more valuable than was supposed.
The gold cup was given to the winner of the final match.
The gold found by the police had been stolen from a museum.
The gold glittered in the midday sun.
The gold market is steady.
The gold mine is depleted.
The gold rush began here.
The gold timepiece never goes out of style.
The gold was beaten into thin plates.
The gold was glinting in the sun.
The golden age is before us, not behind us.
The golden eagle demonstrated its prowess with ease.
The golden flowers must've softened the fall.
The golden jackal is in the same genus as wolves and coyotes.
The golden opportunity has just presented itself.
The golden pothos wilted from lack of water.
The golden rule is that there is no golden rule.
The golden rule of conduct is mutual toleration, seeing that we will never all think alike and we shall always see Truth in fragments and from different angles of vision.
The golden sun sank into the sea.
The goldfinch is a very interesting bird.
The goldfinch is one of Algeria's most beloved birds.
The goldfish are all dead.
The goldfish is alive.
The goldfish is swimming in the aquarium.
The goldfish swim in his jar.
The goldsmith was astute and cunning, and knew very well what kind of bird it was.
The goldsmith was shrewd and cunning, and knew full well what kind of bird it was.
The golem has come back to life and is now hiding in the mountains of the Sinai Peninsula.
The golem is out of control.
The golem wreaked havoc on the village.
The golf ball almost went in the hole.
The golf course is completely deserted. There is not a single person!
The golf tournament kept me on the edge of my seat the entire time.
The golfer gave his caddy some medicine.
The golfer handed his club to his caddie after getting a hole in one.
The gondola ride wasn't as romantic as Tom and Mary had hoped.
The good I would, I do not: the evil I would not, that I do.
The good always overcome the evil. . . in stories.
The good and right way.
The good buddy is only recognized during the storm.
The good day is known in the morning.
The good die young.
The good doctor sees an old woman.
The good driver wove his way through the traffic.
The good employee is proud.
The good fairy who had saved her life by condemning her to sleep a hundred years was in the kingdom of Matakin, twelve thousand leagues off, when this accident befell the Princess; but she was instantly informed of it by a little dwarf, who had seven-leagued boots, that is, boots with which he could stride over seven leagues of ground at once.
The good feeling that we get after we help others is a true gift.
The good friends learned Esperanto together.
The good grandmother, who was in bed, because she was somewhat ill, cried out:— "Pull the bobbin, and the latch will go up."
The good guard reads it.
The good guys won.
The good harvest brought down the price of rice.
The good life is one inspired by love and guided by knowledge.
The good man is happy.
The good man is walking.
The good man walks.
The good news brought tears to her eyes.
The good news cheered me up.
The good news for him is that eight of his 10 rustled cows were returned, and the man who stole them was caught.
The good news is Tom can still walk.
The good news is that I've hired us a cook.
The good news is that Tom and Mary are OK.
The good news is that Tom can still walk.
The good news is that Tom is OK.
The good news is that Tom is still alive.
The good news is that all of us, Jews and non-Jews, are direct descendants of Eve and Adam, who in turn were the result of evolution, which was the way God decided to create us humans.
The good news is that everyone lived.
The good news is that we can get in free.
The good news is that we don't have to go.
The good news is that we'll be able to help you.
The good news is that we’ll be able to help you.
The good news is that you don't have cancer.
The good news is that you don’t have cancer.
The good news is that you're not going to die.
The good news is that you’re not going to die.
The good news is we'll be landing immediately. The bad news is we're crash-landing.
The good news is, we're having a pizza party! The bad news is, it's all pineapple pizza.
The good news is, we've created a bot with human-level intelligence. The bad news is, it's wrong about everything.
The good news spread through the village quickly.
The good ol' days weren't good for most people.
The good old days are gone never to return.
The good old days have gone, never to return.
The good old days weren't good for most people.
The good old friends will stand by your side.
The good old man broke through the ice with the horse, and fell into the cold water.
The good old times never existed. It was a horror.
The good old woman, not knowing what to do, cried out for help. People came in from every quarter; they threw water upon the face of the Princess, unlaced her, struck her on the palms of her hands, and rubbed her temples with cologne water; but nothing would bring her to herself.
The good people will pay for the bad.
The good person is not the one who follows all the stupid rules, but the one who has humanity.
The good qualities he has are from Islam.
The good raccoon made a strong noise.
The good relationship among team members greatly contributed to the success of the project.
The good relationship between teachers and students had a positive effect on learning.
The good relationship between the two countries made it possible to deepen economic cooperation.
The good son always obeys his father.
The good son always returns home.
The good team spirit in the work group is valued positively.
The good thing about a dead end is that it requires you to turn back.
The good thing about the Internet is that anyone can say anything they want on it. The bad thing about the Internet is that anyone can say anything they want on it.
The good thing about the crate is that at night it can be his house.
The good thing about this electronic dictionary is that it's easy to carry.
The good thing about this electronic dictionary is that it’s easy to carry.
The good thing about travelling alone is that you don't have to dress up.
The good thing about winter is that there are no mosquitos.
The good thing is that no one got hurt.
The good thing is that no one was hurt.
The good things about democracy is: anybody can say what's on their mind, but nobody has to listen to it.
The good things in life don't last long.
The good things you are doing today will have often already been forgotten by people tomorrow. Keep on doing good things.
The good times are over.
The good way to know a foreign country is to go there.
The good weather sent the price of vegetables down.
The good weather will hold.
The good will not necessarily prosper.
The good woman is making a soup.
The good you do today will be forgotten tomorrow. However, do good.
The good-natured signora was pleased to find that her little ones were regarded with some interest, and not as nuisances.
The goods are advertised on TV.
The goods are exempt from taxes.
The goods are ready for shipping.
The goods arrive by sea.
The goods arrived in good condition.
The goods arrived undamaged.
The goods arrived yesterday.
The goods have reasonable prices.
The goods ordered from England last month have not arrived yet.
The goods took a while to arrive.
The goods were advertised on TV.
The goods were dispatched as soon as they were packed.
The goods were dispatched immediately after they had been packed.
The goods were dispatched immediately they were packed.
The goods were entered to her.
The goods were seized by customs.
The goods were sent as soon as they were packed.
The goods were sent out yesterday.
The goods were transported by ship.
The goods will be delivered free of charge.
The goods will be delivered to the front door.
The goods will be sold on the spot.
The goods will only be available to buy next weekend.
The gooey cheese stretched as he pulled a slice of pizza from the box.
The gooey stuff got in Ziri's eyes.
The goose gaggles 'ga ga'.
The goose hissed and threw itself at the boy.
The goose honks.
The goose somehow survived.
The goose was killed by a fox.
The gopher's days were numbered.
The gophers here are so annoying.
The gorge looked very deep to him.
The gorgeous cake made my mouth water.
The gorilla died of heartbreak.
The gorilla pounded his chest.
The gorilla was one year old at the time.
The goslings swam behind their mother.
The gossip hurt his reputation.
The gossip is true!
The gossip spread around the school like wildfire.
The goulash is very good in Budapest.
The governing bodies of world football have threatened to ban any club or player taking part in the new European Super League from playing in their competitions.
The governing party paid for votes.
The government acted boldly to deal with the outlaw uprising.
The government actively ignored the protests.
The government adopted strong measures to fight inflation.
The government almost always sucks, but no government almost always sucks more.
The government also canceled holiday events in Beijing that usually attract large crowds.
The government also found that if it wanted immigrants it had to subsidise migration.
The government amended the constitution.
The government and health authorities responded promptly and efficiently.
The government and industry are cooperating to fight pollution.
The government and the Teachers Syndicate have been engaged in disputes over low teacher salaries in public schools since the union was formed in 2011. After a four-week strike last October, the government agreed to raise teacher salaries from 35 to 74 percent, depending on their professional level.
The government and the provider vowed to implement changes to avoid a repeat of the event, but the system failure demonstrated a need for greater redundancy and preparation for future natural and technological disasters.
The government announced that they would pay their debts.
The government appointed Mr Brown ambassador to Peru.
The government appointed a committee to investigate the accident.
The government approved a new decree which effectively locks down the region of Lombardy in the north and 14 other provinces, covering one quarter of the Italian population.
The government are being criticised from all sides.
The government asked the SDF for a disaster relief deployment to Okinawa.
The government asked the army to send a disaster relief mission to Okinawa.
The government banned cigarette advertising on television.
The government became ineffective at handling security matters.
The government began to withhold foreign reserves.
The government believed that a terrorist group was behind the incident.
The government bends the truth.
The government benefits a lot from inflation.
The government can carry out exterminations, such as what has come to be called the Holocaust, which included Jews, homosexuals, Romani, and the mentally and physically disabled.
The government can't do that.
The government cannot avoid the issue of homelessness any longer.
The government cannot be seen to give in to terrorists' demands.
The government cannot be seen to give in to terrorists’ demands.
The government carried out a reorganization of scientific research activities in the 1990s.
The government categorically rejected the opposition's claims.
The government changed the constitution.
The government clamped down on the minority group.
The government clearly stated its intention to lower taxes.
The government coffers are replete with funds.
The government collapsed after a vote in parliament.
The government compensated the farmers for the damage to the crops.
The government considers every failure a success.
The government considers peaceful, constructive work to be a fundamental principle.
The government continues to turn a blind eye to the pension problem.
The government decided to ban the book on grounds of indecency.
The government decided to impose a special tax on very high incomes.
The government decided to stick by its original decision to raise taxes.
The government decided to take action.
The government deprived him of all his rights.
The government did all it could to break family ties.
The government didn't improve the situation in the country.
The government didn't keep its promises.
The government didn't take appropriate measures to prevent the infection from spreading.
The government didn’t take appropriate measures to prevent the infection from spreading.
The government disappeared the child along with his entire family.
The government dispatched missions abroad.
The government doesn't care.
The government doesn't invest much in education.
The government doesn't notice people. They do whatever they want.
The government doesn't want to track numbers like these.
The government doesn’t notice people. They do whatever they want.
The government don't make fast decisions, they make the right decisions.
The government dropped vampires into the town to attack the local population.
The government even stole our future.
The government executes the orders of the bankers.
The government explicitly declared its intention to lower taxes.
The government failed at that miserably.
The government fears voters' anger about energy price rises.
The government fell.
The government finances are severely constrained because of falling tax revenues.
The government finances are severely squeezed.
The government forced everyone to go to the quarantine facility.
The government gave power to this crook.
The government got their majority at the last election.
The government had to alter its foreign policy.
The government had to make up for the loss.
The government has abandoned us.
The government has also announced delayed schedules for repaying business loans.
The government has an official policy of linguistic homogenization.
The government has banned Israeli imports.
The government has banned all of the country's non-official languages.
The government has banned disposal plastic items such as straws and coffee stirrers.
The government has been emboldened by the lack of response from the international community.
The government has been reconsidering its firearms exportation.
The government has been reforming education.
The government has been slow to act.
The government has concerns such as abortion and euthanasia.
The government has declared its intention to reduce taxes.
The government has declared three days of national mourning. Flags across the country have been lowered to half mast.
The government has devolved some powers to the regions.
The government has done nothing to improve the country's condition.
The government has enacted a law to limit the benefits that executives receive in large companies.
The government has held commodity prices in check.
The government has implemented reforms to the budget process and in some other areas.
The government has imposed a new tax on wine.
The government has increased its financial aid to the developing nations.
The government has lost credibility with the public.
The government has made efforts to make our country clean and green.
The government has made joint efforts to eradicate illiteracy.
The government has not improved conditions in the country.
The government has now abandoned its plans to privatize parts of the health service.
The government has pledged to increase spending on health and education.
The government has questioned the objectivity of one team member and has called for him to be replaced.
The government has resigned.
The government has set up a committee to look into the problem.
The government has taken measures to promote domestic industry.
The government has the power of legislation.
The government has to stop turning a blind eye to the development.
The government has to understand that we're in a crisis.
The government hasn't been listening.
The government hasn't ruled out military action.
The government hopes mass surveillance will show its effectiveness in snuffing out unrest.
The government hopes that lowering its carbon emissions will set an example and that other countries will follow suit.
The government imposed a new tax on cigarettes.
The government imposed a new tax on farmers.
The government in Baghdad had fallen.
The government invests little in education.
The government is advising precautionary measures like not shaking hands and forgoing the traditional kiss on both cheeks.
The government is also accused of abusing powers—from a state of emergency declaration after the coup to repressing anyone who criticizes the government.
The government is also calling on citizens to continue to abide by all the preventive measures that the Ministry of Health has put in place.
The government is attempting to diversify its industry and trade.
The government is being criticized from all sides.
The government is being destroyed!
The government is being mercilessly harried by a new lobby.
The government is being urged to take a proactive approach to reducing carbon emissions.
The government is bringing in a new bill on this matter.
The government is coming under pressure to change the law.
The government is compelled to reconstruct national finance.
The government is considering setting up a new anti-terrorist defence force.
The government is considering tax cuts.
The government is controlled by corporate interests.
The government is corrupt!
The government is corrupt, but the opposition isn't much better.
The government is covering up its agenda.
The government is cracking down on tax avoidance schemes.
The government is currently broadening the interpretation of article 9 of the Constitution by wearying it down little by little.
The government is desperate to keep inflation down.
The government is determined to put an end to terrorism.
The government is encouraging Algerians to save for their future.
The government is expelling illegal aliens as part of a crackdown.
The government is fake. It doesn't serve the nation.
The government is funding space exploration.
The government is in control of the assembly.
The government is involved. Pinsak Surasvadi, director of Thailand's Department of Marine and Coastal Resources, says that by working with coastal communities it has stabilized the amount of mangrove forests.
The government is looking for ways to monitor online chatter about political issues and correct what it perceives as misinformation.
The government is looking to restrict the gambling industry.
The government is lying.
The government is not doing its best to solve the housing problem.
The government is nothing but a mafia legalizing itself.
The government is now requiring passenger buses to install a speed limiter.
The government is on the defensive.
The government is on the nose after making a series of unpopular decisions.
The government is open to, and actively takes steps to attract, foreign direct investment.
The government is planning to improve the supply of drinkable water.
The government is promoting the use of domestically made products.
The government is promoting the use of home products.
The government is putting the development of wages into the center of its strategy to overcome the crisis which is rocking Europe.
The government is redesigning the currency to try and cut down on counterfeiting.
The government is reluctant to alter its economic policy.
The government is running its largest deficit ever.
The government is scheduled to put the plan into practice next year.
The government is seizing everyone's gold.
The government is silencing the opposition.
The government is spying on us.
The government is still groping for a solution to the problem.
The government is struggling to reverse a surge in violent crime.
The government is supporting the development of ethanol production.
The government is supposed to serve the people, not the other way around.
The government is taking a laissez-faire approach to economics.
The government is taking steps to quell voter unrest over surging inflation.
The government is to blame for everything.
The government is trying to bring down inflation.
The government is trying to bring things back to normal.
The government is trying to calm the agitated population.
The government is trying to develop new industries.
The government is trying to develop solar energy.
The government is trying to get rid of pollution.
The government is trying to muzzle the press.
The government isn't doing its best to solve the housing problem.
The government isn't helping us.
The government issued the following statement.
The government keeps lying.
The government let it happen.
The government lies.
The government lifted price controls.
The government lightened taxes.
The government listens to the people in the end.
The government lowered taxes for lower-income families.
The government made a decision that helps the State.
The government made a decision that helps the state.
The government made an announcement to the effect that taxes would be raised.
The government made no move to solve the housing problem.
The government makes us pay tax.
The government manages the country's petroleum resources through extensive regulation.
The government must enforce the law immediately.
The government must make fundamental changes.
The government needs to adopt a tough stance against separatism.
The government needs to present a glowing image of the new Algeria.
The government of Algeria was outraged by that.
The government of Greenland is dismissing the idea that the island is for sale, following media reports that U.S. President Donald Trump has been discussing interest to purchase the Danish territory with White House advisors.
The government of Iran has implemented measures to improve access to credit for farmers.
The government of Iran has implemented policies to reduce the environmental impact of agriculture.
The government of Iran has implemented various policies to support the agricultural sector.
The government of Iran has invested in irrigation systems to support the agricultural sector.
The government of Iran has invested in research and development to improve agricultural practices.
The government of Kenya and the U.N. agency UNESCO on Wednesday announced huge new water finds in one of the most arid parts of the country.
The government of Mexico refused to negotiate.
The government of Mexico surrendered.
The government of South Africa can no longer suppress the movement to recognize equal rights for black people.
The government of that country is now stable.
The government of that country oppresses its people.
The government of the Inca Empire controlled everything.
The government of the State will invest more than R$ 100 million a year.
The government of the Tudors was the direct opposite to the government of Augustus.
The government of the Turkish-administered Northern Cyprus is internationally unrecognised and also illegal.
The government of the United States put down the biggest terrorist.
The government of the country is now stable.
The government of the republic discussed the exchange crisis plan.
The government of this country oppresses its people.
The government official spoke to the reporter on condition of anonymity.
The government officials do not like what has been said in the newspaper.
The government oppressed the people.
The government ordered a countrywide lockdown that included halting all flights and road travel as a prophylactic measure to prevent the spread of coronavirus.
The government ordered that the price of soap be reduced by two pence.
The government ordered their destruction thirty years ago.
The government owed millions of dollars.
The government passed important pension, tax, and fiscal reforms.
The government performed badly.
The government plans to improve the supply of drinking water.
The government plans to scrap some of the older planes.
The government printed money and gave it out to everyone.
The government prohibits us from carrying guns without a license.
The government promised to wipe out poverty.
The government proposed to introduce a work-for-the-dole scheme.
The government provided us with food.
The government punished them severely.
The government pursues a conservative policy when it comes to the economy.
The government pushed the bill through the Diet.
The government put the question to the people in a referendum.
The government rationed meat during the war.
The government refuses to bow to public pressure.
The government released some photos from the time of the military dictatorship.
The government relies on foreign donor resources for a large portion of its fiscal budget.
The government report even repeats some of the grammatical and typographical errors contained in the original.
The government reshuffle doesn't help a lot.
The government reshuffle doesn't make a real impact.
The government responded by cracking down on dissent and arresting thousands for counterrevolution, arson and disrupting social order.
The government said it would open two downtown streets to informal vendors on weekends and also start licensing ambulatory vendors.
The government said that a new approach was in the offing.
The government sends goods to that little island by helicopter.
The government should do away with these regulations.
The government should do away with those old regulations.
The government should encourage ordinary Algerians to come out and defy corrupt officials.
The government should endeavor to curb inflation.
The government should finance education more abundantly.
The government should invest more in health and security.
The government should invest more money in agriculture.
The government should invest more money in industry.
The government should not set the price of any product in a capitalist, democratic country.
The government should pay attention to the needs of the youth.
The government should promote common welfare.
The government should repair the roads.
The government should strengthen their army once and for all!
The government should take targeted measures to eliminate unemployment.
The government spent the past five weeks struggling to contain a diplomatic crisis.
The government spokesperson denied this.
The government started a program to promote industry.
The government started rounding up and arresting dissenters, idealists, and Esperanto-speakers.
The government started tax reform.
The government started to invest more in culture and leisure.
The government still lacks full control of the countryside, where lawlessness persists.
The government struggled to distribute food to those affected and sanitize the flooded parts of the capital, Jakarta.
The government sucks.
The government supplied weapons to local militia.
The government tends to control the media.
The government took our land.
The government tortured the citizen to make him confess.
The government tortured the civilian to get a confession.
The government transported goods to the island by helicopter.
The government tried to hide their error, but they didn't succeed.
The government tried to suppress all opposition parties.
The government tried to suppress the news.
The government tried to suppress the protests by increasing security.
The government turned down the request.
The government undertook a drastic reform of parliament.
The government wanted to avoid controversy.
The government wants this war to be over.
The government wants to crack down on the gambling industry.
The government wants to create a wedge issue in this country.
The government wants to disappear me.
The government wants to spy on us.
The government wants to spy on you.
The government wants to terraform Venus.
The government wants your guns.
The government was compelled to defray the costs of the war.
The government was criticised for not taking pre-emptive action to avoid the catastrophic consequences for customers following the collapse of the National Bank.
The government was earning more money than it needed.
The government was forced to default on its foreign debt.
The government was forced to request help from funeral services of other Italian regions.
The government was impeding on the rights of its citizens.
The government was obliged to make changes in its foreign policy.
The government was overthrown in a revolutionary coup.
The government was overthrown.
The government watched the activities of radical groups carefully.
The government will adopt enforcement measures to solve this problem.
The government will deliberate on the matter tomorrow.
The government will have much trouble balancing the needs of its younger population with the requirements of the old people.
The government will have to deal with the financial problem.
The government will have to take drastic action to solve the problem.
The government will not fold its arms and allow miscreants and criminals to continue to perpetrate these acts of hooliganism.
The government will pay for it.
The government will provide interest-free loans to firms that participate in the program.
The government will tax your income.
The government would give them food for the winter.
The government would have to abolish those old regulations.
The government's actions were condemned worldwide.
The government's actions would likely be very different if politicians refused to take bribes.
The government's anti-corruption tsar resigned yesterday following allegations of bribery.
The government's decision had disastrous economic consequences.
The government's decision had far-reaching implications.
The government's delay in issuing evacuation advisories has been identified as a main factor in the loss of so many lives during the torrential downpours.
The government's domestic policy was announced.
The government's economic policy is credited for Japan's postwar economic success.
The government's economical order should work with determined
The government's elevated debt levels have limited its capacity to finance any shortfalls.
The government's expenditures are a bit excessive.
The government's financial situation is tense.
The government's investment will create many jobs.
The government's investments will create many jobs.
The government's new economic plan leaves a lot to be desired.
The government's new economic plan leaves much to be desired.
The government's plans received harsh criticism from the opposition.
The government's plans were criticised sharply by the opposition.
The government's policies failed miserably.
The government's priority during the pandemic was to provide adequate health services to the citizens.
The government's response to the protests has been thoroughly unjustified.
The government's response to the protests was considered a bit heavy-handed.
The governments know that marijuana is not like beer.
The government’s Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Authority granted approval Wednesday for the vaccine, which Pfizer developed along with Germany’s BioNTech. The first vaccinations will begin next week, with staffers of the Britain’s National Health Service, nursing home residents and staffers expected to receive first priority.
The government’s actions were condemned worldwide.
The government’s coffers are empty.
The government’s economic policy is credited for Japan’s postwar economic success.
The government’s financial situation is tense.
The government’s investment will create many jobs.
The government’s move paves the way for importation of GMO products, which the government says will help boost food security.
The government’s new economic plan leaves much to be desired.
The governor abused his authority.
The governor appeared on TV in person.
The governor compromised on the subject to a certain degree.
The governor cut the tape and opened the new bridge.
The governor decided to provide assistance for the victims.
The governor dedicated the memorial to the soldiers who died in the war.
The governor deployed the National Guard to assist people who had been stranded by the storm.
The governor governs.
The governor has been assassinated.
The governor has declared a state of emergency.
The governor has pardoned Tom.
The governor invested him with full authority.
The governor is capable of handling his current difficulties.
The governor issued a reprieve hours before Tom was set to be executed by lethal injection.
The governor led the rescue operation.
The governor likened the situation the state is facing to the days after the Sept. 11, 2001 terrorist attacks.
The governor of Buenos Aires has bad luck every time that he plays some sport, he's already lost a hand and now he's broken his clavicule.
The governor of Texas asked the oil company to cut down on noise pollution.
The governor of Texas was furious.
The governor of the Kaliningrad District claims that his ancestors are Greeks and Don Cossacks.
The governor ordered a stay of execution for Tom Jackson.
The governor ordered an investigation.
The governor pardoned Tom.
The governor pardoned the criminal.
The governor pardoned the prisoner.
The governor received a suspicious package and the police had to investigate.
The governor set the prisoners free.
The governor stayed Tom Jackson's execution after new evidence came to light.
The governor supports the bill.
The governor took the money out of a slush fund.
The governor visited the city.
The governor was furious.
The governor was surprised by the commission's response.
The governor was surprised by the commission’s response.
The governor's speech was aimed at the press.
The governor's speech was published in the magazine.
The governorship is an elected office.
The governor’s speech was aimed at the press.
The governor’s speech was published in the magazine.
The gown is made of silk.
The grace notes were sung perfectly by the soprano, but badly by the alto.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God, and the communion of the Holy Ghost, be with you all. Amen.
The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, the love of God, and the fellowship of the Holy Spirit, be with you all. Amen.
The gracious lady seemed like a flower that was rather stiff in the stalk.
The grade crossing was bumpy.
The grade seven and the grade eight students both have completely separate timetables.
The grades of the exam are known. Hannah has passed!
The gradient of a scalar-valued function of several variables is the vector which contains its partial derivatives with respect to each of its variables (when these derivatives exist).
The gradient of this hill is steep.
The gradual introduction of the choicer products of literature into the grades of the common school has been going on for several years.
The gradual ruin of our country has to be stopped.
The graduating class took their senior prank too far, and those involved in its planning and execution were barred from walking on graduation day.
The graduation ceremony took place on the morning of the first of March.
The graduation ceremony will take place on March 20th.
The graduation from elementary school to middle school is regarded by some as the first step towards adulthood.
The graduation is two months ahead.
The graffiti-covered building is ugly to look at.
The graft started expanding in size.
The graft was successful.
The grainy texture of these mashed potatoes is deeply unpleasant.
The gram and the kilo are units of weight.
The grammar of English is Germanic, but its vocabulary is mostly Latinate.
The grammar of Esperanto is very easy.
The grammar of Esperanto is very simple.
The grammar of this language is very difficult.
The grammar school has a sports hall.
The grammar section includes the passive voice of the present perfect.
The grammatic structure or plan of a language is forever changing, and in this respect the language may become entirely transformed.
The grammatical form employed here is the present progressive.
The grammatical structure of a planned language determines its basic character precisely as does the structure of a natural language.
The gramophone was born of Edison's brain.
The gramophone was born of Edison’s brain.
The grand ballroom was filled with light.
The grand banquet was held in the Great Hall.
The grand chandelier illuminated the ballroom with grace.
The grand duchies of Germany were therefore separated from the Germanic Empire, and the Emperor of France was declared to be their protector.
The grand feast was a sight to behold.
The grand hall was adorned with golden chandeliers.
The grand jury decided not to indict the police officer.
The grand jury indicted Tom for murder.
The grand new space in a restored 1920s building a few blocks north is the city's bid to make New York a destination for "nuptial tourists" from all over the world.
The grand opening was a smashing success.
The grand piano filled the room with soft music.
The grand piano has no pedal at all.
The grand prize is a kiss from the princess.
The grand staircase was lined with gold.
The grand staircase was lined with red velvet.
The grandchildren visit their elderly grandparents.
The granddaughter of German painter Otto Dix accused Germany of never really having addressed the issue of works of art seized by the Nazis.
The grandest people are those who inspire hope in others.
The grandfather asked the boy to bring him his cane.
The grandfather had a rusty saw in the basement.
The grandfather is about to die.
The grandfather is on his deathbed.
The grandfather taught his little grandson how to read and count.
The grandfather taught his little grandson to read and count.
The grandfather told the grandsons.
The grandmaster blundered his queen.
The grandmother called little birds fish, or the mermaids would not have understood her, as they had never seen a bird.
The grandmother closed the creaking garden gate.
The grandmother doesn't want to consume meat.
The grandmother gives candies to her grandchildren.
The grandmother gives candy to her grandchildren.
The grandmother gives sweets to her grandchildren.
The grandmother hugged her little grandson and gave him a tender kiss.
The grandmother is smiling.
The grandmother used a parasol to protect herself from the scorching summer sun.
The grandmother was telling stories.
The grandpa is old and doesn't care.
The grandparent of Ali is from sephardic
The grandparents are sitting in the room and they are watching their favourite TV series.
The grandparents gave the kitten plenty of milk every day, for which reason it soon grew fat.
The grandparents of these children are ninety years old.
The grandson tricks his grandma into buying him candy.
The granny gave me a shove and dashed to the door.
The granny is pretty old.
The granny traveled with her two grandkids.
The grants are expected to be doled out starting next year.
The grape harvest is done manually.
The grape harvest was fairly good this year. The winegrowers couldn't have expected better.
The grape harvest was fairly good this year; the winegrowers couldn't have expected better.
The grape that I picked is very sour.
The grapefruit tastes very sour.
The grapefruit-guava scented soap smells wonderful.
The grapes are almost ripe.
The grapes are getting mature.
The grapes are in the fridge.
The grapes are mashed.
The grapes are picked manually and carefully transported to the canteen, where they will be squeezed.
The grapes are so sour I can't eat them.
The grapes are so sour that I can't eat them.
The grapes are sour.
The grapes from this vine are good.
The grapes of this vine are very good.
The grapes ripened well that summer.
The grapes seem to be sour.
The grapes were tempting, but they hung beyond reach.
The grapes were tempting, but they were hanging out of reach.
The grapes were tempting, but they were too high to reach.
The grapevine is a climbing plant that originates from the Mediterranean region.
The graph in Figure 1 illustrates the differences in the means of total scores for white and black subject in each grade.
The graph is misleading.
The graph of the cosecant function has vertical asymptotes.
The graph showed an upwards trend.
The graph shows the cumulative interest as a function of time.
The graphic description of the victim's murder was too much for his mother, who ran out of the court in tears.
The graphic shows the average temperatures per month.
The graphical user interface is buggy and difficult to use.
The graphics cards are insanely expensive.
The graphics keep glitching out.
The grass always seems greener on the other side.
The grass and bushes were wet with dew.
The grass blew gently in the breeze.
The grass came to life with the coming of spring.
The grass grew.
The grass grows well, but a horse is already dead.
The grass has become overgrown.
The grass has gone completely yellow.
The grass has to be blasted.
The grass in the park is green and beautiful.
The grass is always cleaner on the other side of the hill.
The grass is always greener in the neighbor's garden.
The grass is always greener in the neighbor's yard.
The grass is always greener on the other side of the fence.
The grass is always greener on the other side of the hill.
The grass is always greener on the other side.
The grass is always greener on the side that's watered.
The grass is always greener.
The grass is dying.
The grass is green.
The grass is greener on the other side of the fence.
The grass is growing nicely after the rain.
The grass is particularly fresh there.
The grass is starting to become green.
The grass is too yellow.
The grass is turning green again.
The grass is wet.
The grass is yellow.
The grass isn't green enough.
The grass looks nice.
The grass needs cutting.
The grass sprouts all over the garden.
The grass stopped growing.
The grass was almost knee-high.
The grass was covered in his brains.
The grass was covered with hoarfrost.
The grass was cut.
The grass was extremely thick.
The grass was growing so quickly, it had to be cut every week.
The grass was left long and weedy in the slate walk, and very often he wasn't cutting the grass on the other side of the hedge by the road at all.
The grass was left long and weedy in the slate walk, and very often he wasn’t cutting the grass on the other side of the hedge by the road at all.
The grass was silvered with hoar-frost and in the wood across the stream a bird was singing.
The grass was soft.
The grass won't grow.
The grasshopper chirped from her bosom, as if in gratitude for its deliverance, and Chloe on hearing it screamed again; whereupon Daphnis laughed, and took the little chatterer from its hiding-place.
The grasshopper chirps 'see see'.
The grasshopper chirps.
The grasshopper kept chirping in his hand.
The grasshopper landed on Anna's bookshelf, causing her to jump back in surprise.
The grasshopper leaped onto Anna's desk and startled her by landing on her computer keyboard.
The grasshopper was hiding somewhere in Anna's room.
The grasshopper was hopping from one piece of furniture to another.
The grasshoppers are chirping.
The grasslands ecosystem supports large herds of grazing animals such as zebras and wildebeest.
The grasslands of the Serengeti are a vital breeding ground for many large mammals.
The grater is so sharp that you can easily injure yourself.
The grave has to be covered by a granite slab.
The grave is cold and lonely, save for the worms.
The grave of our foremother Eve is located in Jeddah.
The grave was so old that the name and dates were unreadable.
The gravedigger was left by an avalanche.
The gravel road only goes to the fire training center.
The gravelly area around Curiosity's landing site is in the foreground. Beyond the swale is the red-brown rim of an impact crater. Further in the distance, there are dark dunes and the layered rock at the base of Mount Sharp.
The graveyard is full of heroes.
The graveyards are full of heroes.
The graveyards are full of indispensable men.
The gravitational pull of a black hole is so powerful that even light cannot escape from it.
The gravitational waves were generated by the merger of two black holes.
The gravity of a black hole is so powerful that not even light can escape its pull!
The gravity of the moon is one-sixth of that of the earth.
The gravity of the situation is starting to get more people’s attention.
The gravy was thick.
The gray cat purrs.
The gray mouse is small.
The gray sky is narcotic.
The gray sweater I like more than the purple.
The grazing lamb is one that begins to graze well just after weaning. In Kabylia, it is generally called the lamb of the old shepherdess, since it is docile and does not frolic. The Kabyle adjective "aksas" also means beautiful and white.
The grease caught fire.
The great Kabyle singer Matoub Lounès criticized the dictatorship and even dared to criticize Islam. But when he dared to speak of the right of peoples to self-determination, and thus to the Kabyle people to have their state, he was assassinated by Algerian authorities.
The great Roman hero, Julius Caesar, was assassinated.
The great Roman hero, Julius Caesar, was murdered.
The great ambition of women is to inspire love.
The great blue whale is the largest animal to have ever existed.
The great bustard is Europe's heaviest flying bird.
The great community has been assembled.
The great community is assembled.
The great community will be assembled.
The great community will be brought together.
The great contemporary poet who established a new style of poem was Nima Youshij.
The great contemporary poet who established a new style of poem was â€œNima Youshij.â€
The great crime of our time, says Vonnegut, was to do too much good secretly, too much harm openly.
The great critic and poet is lecturing on philosophy.
The great critic and the poet are traveling together.
The great difficulties stand in the way of its achievement.
The great dog by the yard gate of a nobleman's mansion sits proudly on the top of his kennel when the sun shines, and barks at every one that passes; but if it rains, he creeps into his house, and there he is warm and dry.
The great elaboration and variety in the form and structure of the house-roof almost merits the dignity of a separate section. For it is mainly to the roof that the Japanese house owes its picturesque appearance; it is the roof which gives to the houses that novelty and variety which is so noticeable among them in different parts of the country. The lines of a well-made thatched roof are something quite remarkable in their proportions.
The great end of life is not knowledge but action.
The great enemy of truth is very often not the lie—deliberate, contrived and dishonest—but the myth—persistent, persuasive and unrealistic.
The great fish eat the small.
The great hammerhead is a type of shark.
The great kiskadee is a popular bird in Brazil.
The great majority is for the project.
The great ocean conveyor moves water around the globe.
The great one always has a pure heart.
The great pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.
The great politician passed away in 1963.
The great power of the United States lies in its propaganda.
The great powers of the world prefer to help the dictatorships than the oppressed people as is the case of the Kabyle people.
The great question that has never been answered, and which I have not yet been able to answer, despite my thirty years of research into the feminine soul, is "What does a woman want?"
The great river was dark with silt.
The great salt plain stretched before his eyes, and the distant belt of savage mountains, without a sign anywhere of plant or tree, which might indicate the presence of moisture.
The great secret of power is never to will to do more than you can accomplish.
The great ship rocked and rolled as she dashed over the angry sea.
The great significance of this can only be understood by those familiar with all the work that has already been done in this field.
The great statesman and general is still living.
The great swans swam round the new-comer, and stroked his neck with their beaks, as a welcome.
The great thing about Romance languages is that once you learn two or three, you've basically learned them all.
The great thing, dear friend, is to judiciously commingle physical exercise with mental activity.
The great translucent dragon, who seemed to be made of crystal, guarded the princess imprisoned in his lair behind a gate of thick, cold icicles amidst fine frosty mists.
The great traveler Ibn Battuta was Berber.
The great traveler Ibn Battuta was a Berber from Morocco.
The great works of people are not the ones that make noise. The greatest simply happen, just like water flows, like wind blows, like grain grows.
The greater flamingo, found in parts of Africa, Southwest Asia, and Europe, is the tallest flamingo species.
The greater part of the guests were foreigners.
The greater part of the letter was charred to pieces, but one little slip, the end of a page, hung together, and the writing could still be read, though it was grey on a black ground. It seemed to us to be a postscript at the end of the letter, and it said: ‘Please, please, as you are a gentleman, burn this letter, and be at the gate by ten o’clock.’ Beneath it were signed the initials L. L.
The greater part of the money was spent.
The greater part of them didn't attend school.
The greater the complexity of a system, the greater the risk of error.
The greater the demand, the higher the prices.
The greater the difference between the null hypothesis and an outcome, and the larger the sample size, the more confident one can be that the outcome is meaningful.
The greater the genius, the longer it takes the world to find it out and understand it.
The greater the risk, the greater the reward.
The greatest advocates of English education in France and Italy are politicians that don't even speak English.
The greatest and most beautiful temple of man is inside himself.
The greatest barrier to consciousness is the belief that one is already conscious.
The greatest beauty of all is the beauty of the soul.
The greatest cause of stress for men is work, while for women, human relationships come at the top of the list.
The greatest charm of traveling lies in its new experiences.
The greatest common divisor of six and ten is two.
The greatest danger in life is becoming too careful.
The greatest danger in life is becoming too worrisome.
The greatest danger to democracy may not be widespread belief in a cynical lie, but rather a numb indifference to the truth.
The greatest difference one can see between a story and a novel is their length.
The greatest difficulty of all is the unwillingness.
The greatest disadvantage in life is not knowing the joy of reading books.
The greatest distance is that between two minds.
The greatest enemy of freedom is a happy slave.
The greatest gift that someone can give you is their love and their time.
The greatest good is akin to water.
The greatest happiness in life consists in the conviction that we are loved.
The greatest happiness lies in freedom.
The greatest hate springs from the greatest love.
The greatest joy after being in love is confessing one's love.
The greatest joy after loving is confessing one's love.
The greatest land of Europe and Asia is Russia.
The greatest mistake you can make is to live poor so you can die rich.
The greatest number came from Europe, but many also came from Latin America, Asia, Africa, Australia, and Canada.
The greatest number of the Earth's volcanoes occur on the ocean floor.
The greatest pleasure I know is to do a good action by stealth and have it found out by accident.
The greatest predictor of future behaviour is past behaviour.
The greatest respect is due to the child.
The greatest shortcoming of the human race is our inability to understand the exponential function.
The greatest sin against the human mind is to believe things without proof.
The greatest strength in life is gratitude.
The greatest talkers are the least doers.
The greatest teacher is life itself.
The greatest thief of all time isn't just time, it's sleep. Don't we say in Kabyle and other idioms: "I was surprised in my sleep", "Sleep caught me off guard"? Ah, as for me, ... I forgot it; since sleep, it is I who steals it, ... who catches it, ... for a long time, ... for years ...
The greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return.
The greatest trick the Bavarian Illuminati ever pulled was convincing the world it was more powerful than it was.
The greatest warrior of his time, 3,000 years ago, fights on the side of the Greek king Agamemnon in a war against the walled city of Troy and its forces led by Trojan prince Hector.
The greatest wealth lies in living frugally.
The greatest wisdom has no shape; the greatest vessel is the latest to be completed; the greatest music has the most tenuous notes.
The greatness of a nation and its moral progress can be judged by the way its animals are treated.
The greaves, which were made of flexible metal plates, fastened behind with buckles, covered the front part of the legs from the ankles to just above the knees.
The greedy little child ate all the food.
The greedy man was by no means satisfied with the reward.
The green alien is humanoid and stands at 3.7 metres.
The green apple is smaller than the red one.
The green apple is smaller than the red.
The green area was paved over to create a parking.
The green areas are the real lungs of the city.
The green car overtook us on a dangerous bend.
The green color becomes Alice.
The green colouring pencil is missing from the box.
The green container is shaped like an igloo.
The green crab has few predators, aggressively hunts and eats its prey, destroys seagrass, and outcompetes local species for food and habitat.
The green crayon is missing from the box.
The green cube is smooth.
The green glow of fireflies illuminates spring nights.
The green guy is Zelda, right?
The green lampshade casts a warm glow in the room.
The green leaves are coming out.
The green light is the "go" signal.
The green light of fireflies illuminates the spring nights.
The green phone is on the table.
The green pigment, chlorophyll, visible in leaves and in the bark of aspen, absorbs the energy from sunlight. This triggers the chemical reaction that produces sugars and starches used by the plant to grow.
The green plants take in carbon dioxide from the atmosphere.
The green team lost.
The green team was defeated.
The green trash bag is leaking.
The green umbrella is Tom's.
The green water is not potable.
The green water is not suitable for drinking.
The green-gray light that filtered through the trees and haze bathed both Alberts in a glow that enhanced their own bright skin-color. They stood for a few seconds, listening, and then Dara turned.
The greenback lost ground against the yen.
The greengrocer is very kind to his customers.
The greenhorn made a rookie mistake.
The greenhouse is managed by a computer.
The greenhouse needs to be heated.
The greeting between the lovers was warm, but brief, for minutes were precious, and there was much to be done.
The grenade blew up before the terrorist could throw it, and his arm was blown off!
The grenade blew up in the water.
The grenade exploded five metres from the soldier.
The grenade exploded five metres from the soldiers.
The grenade exploded in the water.
The grey cat can't climb off the tree.
The grey fox had a silver tongue. He was as clever as he was smart.
The grey goo engulfs everything.
The grey man appeared in the doorway.
The grey wolf is Italy’s unofficial national animal.
The grey-haired old man smiled contentedly.
The grief-stricken family had to wait more than a decade to see their son's killer brought to justice.
The grieving woman was consoled by her friends.
The grill is hot.
The grilled shrimp in Benedito's salad is a game-changer.
The grim reaper has the maximum body count.
The grip on Tom's neck loosened.
The grizzly bear headed to the river to fish.
The grizzly bear is much bigger than the European brown bear.
The grizzly bear is the largest land carnivore in the world.
The grizzly bear was grazing in a meadow.
The grocer knew that after February 15th everyone would forget about their New Year's resolutions.
The grocer managed to convince his customers of his honesty.
The grocer's sells carrots.
The grocery store closes at 1:00 AM.
The grocery store was crowded.
The grocery store was so expensive that Tom put a down-payment on a cucumber.
The grocery wasn't open yet.
The groom got cold feet.
The groom hid inside the wedding cake.
The groom is handsome.
The groom is thirty years old.
The groom left the bride standing at the altar.
The groom took the bride in his arms before crossing the threshold of the house.
The groom was getting cold feet just minutes before the wedding.
The groom works for a company now, and the bride is our teacher.
The grooms tend to the horses.
The groschen was a German currency.
The gross amount of the loss was larger than 100 million yen.
The gross national product of our country is the second largest.
The ground around Fyodor's tent was disturbed.
The ground at the bus stop was strewn with cigarette butts.
The ground beef was found to contain horse meat.
The ground began to rumble.
The ground began to tremble.
The ground beneath my feet shook.
The ground beneath my feet was shaking.
The ground floor is the first floor above ground.
The ground floor was flooded.
The ground in Northern Algeria is particularly fertile.
The ground is alive, full of microbes and nutrients.
The ground is alive.
The ground is covered with snow.
The ground is dry and baked hard—the hoes and rakes kick up clouds of dust.
The ground is freezing.
The ground is frozen.
The ground is icy.
The ground is no longer shaking.
The ground is parched and cracked, the tinder-dry grass crackles underfoot, and rain is desperately needed in our region.
The ground is saturated with salt.
The ground is sodden and muddy.
The ground is soft and muddy.
The ground is spongy.
The ground is still damp.
The ground is still wet.
The ground is still wet. As likely as not, the game will be canceled.
The ground is still wet. As likely as not, the game will be cancelled.
The ground is too soft.
The ground is very soft.
The ground is very wet.
The ground is wet after rain.
The ground is wet. It must've rained.
The ground isn’t wet. It is dry.
The ground lay beneath a blanket of snow.
The ground quaked violently.
The ground rocked.
The ground seems wet.
The ground shook.
The ground started shaking.
The ground started to shake and the alarm rang.
The ground suddenly shook.
The ground trembled beneath my feet.
The ground was blanketed with fallen leaves.
The ground was cold.
The ground was completely covered with snow.
The ground was covered in fallen leaves.
The ground was covered in snow.
The ground was covered with a heavy blanket of snow.
The ground was covered with frost this morning.
The ground was covered with leaves.
The ground was covered with pine needles.
The ground was covered with snow, as far as the eye could see.
The ground was of the finest sand.
The ground was shaking underneath us.
The ground was slippery.
The ground was so soft that the wheels cut deep tracks into it.
The ground was very rocky.
The ground was very uneven.
The ground was washed away by the waters.
The ground was waterlogged after several days of rain.
The ground, first and second floors are for rent.
The ground-hog is found in all parts of the region extending from the Atlantic coast west to the Missouri, Iowa, and Minnesota. It inhabits woods, prairies, and meadows, lives on roots, vegetables, and herbs, and is especially fond of red clover. Its burrows are large excavations, and in the early autumn it busies itself in storing provisions for its long winter retreat.
The groundhog is peeking from his hole.
The grounds are open to the public.
The grounds feature pine trees, bamboo groves, waterfalls and large granite boulders.
The groundswell of support kept his campaign afloat.
The group administrator is me.
The group arrived at the destination after a three day hike.
The group box "Image Layout" shows different options for displaying the image in the picture box. There are four layouts to choose from. With Center, your image will be centered in the picture box. With Auto size, your image will be auto sized. With Stretch, your image will be resized to the size of the picture box and with Autozoom, your image will be zoomed to the picture box.
The group burst out laughing.
The group called for the creation of fish hatcheries that would release "fingerlings" into the old spawning grounds.
The group calls its growing base of love-struck fans its “army.”
The group claimed responsibility for the bombings.
The group comprises five people.
The group consists of 50 students in all.
The group consists of five people.
The group continued walking.
The group continued working.
The group departed as soon as he arrived.
The group disbanded.
The group entered the building.
The group had to scrimp, connive, and hustle in order to get by.
The group has been hammering out trade deals with six countries, including Japan and China, which are to be finalized this year.
The group has been weakened by attrition and a string of high-profile arrests in the late 1990s and 2000s.
The group has only one subgroup.
The group has, as lead singer, Ivete Sangalo.
The group hired a guide to lead the hike.
The group is calling for an international treaty to protect wildlife, but says it must be enacted within two years to actually make a difference, due to the fast pace of destruction.
The group is creating seeds that grow into more nutrient-rich crops than normal ones. This process is called biofortification.
The group is entranced by a model electric freight train that circles a 7-meter tall Fraser Fir Christmas tree.
The group is extremely tight.
The group is introducing some songs from their new album.
The group is made up of six members.
The group is nominally banned, but tolerated by the government.
The group is running on the beach.
The group is still performing. Why are you leaving?
The group keeps getting smaller.
The group left early in 1791.
The group of Israeli historians called the New Historians challenge the official narrative of the history of Zionism.
The group of clowns began stumbling as they ran.
The group of friends decided to have a bonfire and roast marshmallows on the beach.
The group of friends laughed and had fun during their weekend camping trip.
The group of leaders is marching without slowing down the pace.
The group of noisy boys was getting out of hand.
The group of noisy guys was getting out of hand.
The group of people came along with us.
The group of students all walk together.
The group played songs from their album as well as new songs.
The group put up posters to remind people that noise is harmful.
The group said technology had already significantly reduced death tolls from disasters, and GEOSS would take that further.
The group says the ocean is littered with 150 million metric tons of plastic trash, clogging coastlines, ensnaring wildlife and even littering land far from any human settlement.
The group sitting across from our table is so noisy.
The group stayed at Fort Clatsop for four months.
The group took on a challenge posted by the U.S. Department of Defense and successfully designed and built an underwater robot for locating submerged unexploded ordnance.
The group tried to solve social problems.
The group urges parents to supervise what their children watch on TikTok.
The group walked back towards the exit.
The group was categorized as a terrorist organization.
The group was divided into two.
The group was impressed.
The group was made up by Dick.
The group was made up of four young men.
The group was made up of six girls and four guys.
The group was made up of teachers and students.
The group was planning a bull session to talk about the upcoming party.
The group was seated in the back of the restaurant.
The group was silent.
The group was too large.
The group withdrew their support for the Government.
The group's infractions were so egregious that we were forced to arrest them.
The group's new secretary-general, former Uzbek Foreign Minister Vladimir Norov, says the SCO aims to be a connector, not a divider.
The groupthink is incredible.
The grow currants around here.
The growing divide between rich and poor.
The growing good of the world is partly dependent on unhistoric acts; and that things are not so ill with you and me as they might have been, is half owing to the number who lived faithfully a hidden life, and rest in unvisited tombs.
The growing health concern in Vietnam has to do with not just nutrition, but also air pollution, water quality, and clean supply chains.
The growing number of potholes is making cycling increasingly hazardous.
The growing power of the new mercantile aristocracy was beginning to displace the medieval nobility's control.
The growl scared the living daylights out of Igor.
The growl was louder this time.
The growling grew louder and more menacing.
The growling noise grew louder and more intense.
The grown man was butt-naked in front of kids.
The grown-ups know.
The grownups are sleeping.
The grownups were talking among themselves.
The growth in population is very rapid in developing countries.
The growth of online shopping and booking has greatly improved life for the consumers.
The growth of the world economy is slowing down.
The growth of wages does not keep up with inflation.
The growth rate of the Japanese economy will top 0.7% this year.
The grumbling Brits have left for good. God bless the European Union, which will become stronger as a result of this.
The guacamole is in the fridge.
The guanaco is a relative of the camel.
The guanaco is a wild form of llama.
The guarantee is valid for a year.
The guarantor has to be resident in Greece.
The guard attacked Flavio.
The guard closed the cell door.
The guard decided to punish Ziri.
The guard didn't speak a word to Ziri.
The guard dies but does not surrender.
The guard dragged Ziri away from Rima.
The guard got suspicious.
The guard grabbed Tom.
The guard grabbed her.
The guard grabbed him.
The guard had been knocked out and his gun was missing.
The guard handed Ziri his prison uniform.
The guard is dead.
The guard is doing his rounds.
The guard is sleeping in her booth.
The guard is sleeping in his booth.
The guard let me into the building.
The guard punished an inmate in front of the newcomers.
The guard shooed Alberto away.
The guard shot Ziri multiple times.
The guard thanked Ziri for saving him.
The guard thought they were joking until he saw their guns.
The guard told Elias that he had a visitor.
The guard took Ziri outside for his daily exercise.
The guard took Ziri to his cell.
The guard towers were empty.
The guard unlocked the cell door.
The guard was badly injured.
The guard was on duty all night.
The guard was pretty old.
