More people live in the northern part of the city.
More people lose money on cryptocurrency than win money.
More people should do that.
More people should stop to think about all the things they have to be grateful for.
More people showed up than expected.
More people showed up than we expected.
More people than expected came to the concert.
More people than expected showed up at the concert.
More people than expected were at the concert.
More people will be here tomorrow.
More play will mean less time to study.
More points should be assessed.
More power to your elbow!
More precisely, it is the question of the meaning of life.
More protesters came out.
More rain is expected tomorrow.
More rain is in the forecast.
More rain is likely on Monday.
More rapid than eagles his coursers they came, And he whistled, and shouted, and called them by name: "Now, Dasher! now, Dancer! now, Prancer and Vixen! On, Comet! on, Cupid! on, Donder and Blitzen! To the top of the porch! to the top of the wall! Now dash away! dash away! dash away all!"
More recently, blockbuster franchises and streaming platforms have placed women at the center of the action, saving the day with their strength and ingenuity.
More recently, some hutongs have been designated as protected areas in an attempt to preserve this aspect of Chinese cultural history.
More recently, tension has been fed by colonialism that denied rights and opportunities to many Muslims, and a Cold War in which Muslim-majority countries were too often treated as proxies without regard to their own aspirations.
More regulation is needed, not less.
More regulation is needed.
More research is needed on this subject.
More research is needed.
More research needs to be done.
More roads were built, and the land was divided into plots.
More roads were made, and the countryside was divided into lots.
More scientists are investigating even the direction of the hairs on fleas' legs than the source of happiness.
More seasoning?
More sick people arrived at the hospital.
More slowly, please.
More so than capitalism or democracy, it is consumerism that won the ideological wars of the 20th century.
More so, I don't think magpies are thieves.
More soldiers began appearing through the trees.
More statues came to life.
More students apply to the university than can be accepted.
More students are interested in finance than in industry.
More students than ever before have sat for their bar examinations this year.
More students than ever before have sat their bar examinations this year.
More tea, vicar?
More tea?
More than $1 million of jewels were stolen from a hotel room in Cannes.
More than 1 million people remain without power in Louisiana, including in New Orleans, the state’s most populous city, and in the state of Mississippi, after the Category 4 hurricane made landfall.
More than 1 million women and men attended demonstrations in support of a woman's right to work, vote, study and hold public office.
More than 1,000 more are expected in the next few days.
More than 1,000 students gathered in the streets Tuesday night to express their frustrations.
More than 1,000 traps have been placed to capture the hornets alive.
More than 1,000,000 children dropped out of online classes due to a lack of connectivity.
More than 1,200 people have been killed by floods in East Asia.
More than 1,500 budding scientists from around the world gathered in Los Angeles, California, last week (May 8-13) to compete for $4 million in prizes and scholarships at the Intel International Science and Engineering Fair.
More than 1.3 million people across Japan held disaster drills Monday on the 80th anniversary of the worst earthquake in the nation's history.
More than 10,000 Asiatic cheetahs roamed in India during the 16th century, as Islamic Mughal Emperor Akbar chronicled.
More than 10,000 people have been killed since the start of the war in Yemen.
More than 10,000 people signed the petition.
More than 100 alpacas and llamas live on the farm, working as therapy animals.
More than 100 years after alternating current (AC) defeated direct current (DC) in the so-called Battle of Currents and became the standard way electricity was delivered, new technologies have opened up the possibility and even the necessity for the two systems to co-exist.
More than 100 years after he published his paper setting out the equations of general relativity, Einstein has been proved right once more.
More than 100,000 orangutans in Borneo died between 1999 and 2015 due to deforestation.
More than 100,000 sea birds died from oil exposure along with tens of thousands of sea turtles.
More than 1000 issues are listed on the stock exchange.
More than 130 people in the United States die each day after abusing opioids.
More than 15 million people in Europe have been infected with coronavirus, making it the worst-hit region in the world.
More than 15 years ago, Jonathan Bethony, then an aspiring musician, visited Senegal to learn West African drumming.
More than 16,000 objects in the Museum's collection take visitors through 6,000 years of history and divergent cultures of seven major Asian regions.
More than 2 million hectares of land, including vast areas of forest, have been scorched in eastern Australia's bushfires.
More than 2,000 years old, this statue is one of the clay cavalrymen who once guarded the tomb of China's first emperor, Qin Shihuangdi. The warrior and his horse now stand at the entrance to the National Geographic Museum in Washington, and are among the largest number of Chinese terra-cotta figures ever to travel to the United States.
More than 2,500 foreign tourists are stranded in Bali.
More than 2,500 people have died trying to reach Europe so far in 2015.
More than 20% of people on earth eat only once a day.
More than 20% of the population owns a car.
More than 20,000 Americans are murdered each year.
More than 200 medical students watched the dissection.
More than 200 migrants rescued in the Mediterranean last week disembarked Sunday in Italy.
More than 200 music-related businesses occupied late-19th century homes and small-scale commercial buildings on Nashville's Music Row.
More than 230 million people speak Arabic as a native language.
More than 24 hours of continuous heavy snow, combined with below-freezing temperatures and gale-force winds shut down almost all transportation and commerce and forced most people to stay in their homes.
More than 240 people were taken hostage, with over 100 still in Gaza.
More than 240 police and rescue workers were involved in the rescue operation.
More than 250 Santas have gathered at the school to prepare for their seasonal work.
More than 250 fish species use the Chesapeake Bay and tributaries for some portion of their life cycles, including American and hickory shad, river herring, striped bass, eel, weakfish, bluefish, flounder, oysters, and blue crabs. More than 300 migratory bird species can also be found in the watershed.
More than 250 objects depict the passions and pastimes of the czar, his wife, the Empress Alexandra, and their five children. The exhibition recreates the family's private chambers inside the Alexander Palace, an isolated castle to which they permanently retreated after the first Russian Revolution in 1905.
More than 260 people have died in a plane crash in Ahmedabad, India.
More than 28 million Canadians were affected by privacy breaches last year.
More than 3 million children have health insurance now, and more than 7 million Americans have been lifted out of poverty.
More than 3,000 people were at the concert.
More than 30 journalists from VOA's language divisions lost their jobs and the right to remain in the U.S. over the last seven months because their specialized entry permits were not renewed under Pack.
More than 30 water buffalo have died in the past month and many more are threatened with disease as the water level falls.
More than 30% of our students go on to university.
More than 30,000 people braved the rain and cold to attend the Canada Day parade.
More than 30,000 people participated.
More than 300 people attended.
More than 300 reindeer were killed by a lightning strike in Norway.
More than 300 universities across the U.S. are turning green, meaning environmentally oriented. They are building sustainable facilities, renovating buildings, connecting solar and wind systems, planting organic gardens and reducing their overall carbon footprints. They also have initiated academic programs on environmental issues. Experts call it the largest transformation of colleges and universities in the last few decades.
More than 3000 people attended the concert.
More than 4,000 exoplanets have been detected, but scientists say it is the only known exoplanet that has water, temperatures needed for life and a rocky surface.
More than 40 artists took part in the competition.
More than 40 million people make up Algeria.
More than 40 percent of students go on to university.
More than 40 percent of the students go on to university.
More than 40 percent of the students go to university.
More than 44,000 Palestinians have been killed in 14 months of fighting in Gaza, according to the Hamas-run health ministry.
More than 45 million Americans live in poverty.
More than 5 million Baha'is are estimated to live around the world.
More than 50 million people in the United States suffer from allergies, and their numbers are growing. New studies suggest that climate change may be at least partly to blame. Scientists say rising average temperatures and elevated levels of carbon dioxide are spurring the growth of many weedy, allergenic plants — such as ragweed — and extending the season of suffering for pollen-sensitive people across the country.
More than 50 people died from the recent eruption. Volcanic rocks struck some victims in the head.
More than 50 years after the U.S. Supreme Court struck down laws banning interracial marriage, a growing number of ads feature interracial couples with biracial children.
More than 50% of Americans – 164 million people – live in coastal counties, with 1.2 million added each year. Humans have heavily altered the coastal environment through development, changes in land use, and overexploitation of resources. Now, the changing climate is imposing additional stresses.
More than 50% of Japan’s population has received COVID-19 vaccines, according to the Japanese government.
More than 50% of the population is less than 25 years old.
More than 50,000 Australian school children have taken part in the Together for Humanity program, a multi-faith non-profit organization. Its message is simple: workshops on religion and race aim to dispel myths and stereotypes at a time when minority groups face suspicion and mistrust.
More than 500 baby sea turtles were released into the sea.
More than 500,000 Cuban workers are currently registered as self-employed.
More than 56 years have passed since Algeria gained independence.
More than 60% of people in Britain maintain an active Facebook profile.
More than 64 years after the last great Zeppelin airship, the Hindenburg, went down in flames over Lakehurst, New Jersey, a new Zeppelin has begun passenger flights in Germany.
More than 65 million years ago, a large comet hit Earth, leading to the demise of the dinosaurs and most of the planet's other species.
More than 7 million Armenians and Jews died simply for being different.
More than 70 per cent of the inhabitants are in favour of the programme.
More than 70 percent of the inhabitants are in favor of the program.
More than 70,000 people have signed a petition urging the Australian government to ease COVID-19 entry restrictions on foreign-born parents of Australian citizens, who are allowed into the country only on compassionate grounds.
More than 75% of farms raised pigs and milk cows.
More than 75% of them fear that technology impoverishes the traditional French language.
More than 80% of Guyanese nationals with tertiary level educations have emigrated.
More than 800,000 civilians are sheltering in El Fasher, and a full-scale battle could unleash atrocities similar to those of the genocide carried out by Arab Janjaweed fighters against African Zaghawa, Masalit, Fur and other non-Arab ethnic groups in Darfur in the early 2000s.
More than 800,000 ethnic Koreans live in Japan, nearly half of whom have Japanese citizenship.
More than 800,000 people visit the Petrified Forest National Park each year.
More than 90 per cent of Congress and 80 per cent of Senate elections are decided by the amount of money spent.
More than 90 percent of Madagascar's rainforests have been destroyed.
More than 90 percent of cars sold in Japan are Japanese.
More than 90 percent of visits to a web page are from search engines.
More than 90% of people who go on a diet and dip below their body's natural weight will eventually gain that weight back.
More than 90% of the world's renewable electricity comes from dams.
More than 90% of those hospitalized had not been vaccinated.
More than 934,000 tourists, mainly from the US, visited the islands in 2008.
More than a 1000 workers died when a textile factory collapsed in Bangladesh.
More than a billion people live in China.
More than a billion people participate in some direct form of environmental activism every April 22.
More than a century ago, a comet or a meteor exploded in the sky above the Tunguska River valley in Russia. The explosion knocked down millions of trees over hundreds of miles.
More than a few don't eat anything in the morning.
More than a few don’t eat anything in the morning.
More than a few pupils could solve the problem.
More than a fourth of Algeria's population speaks Berber.
More than a fourth of the Algerian population speaks Berber.
More than a half of our pals that came across accidents in their life did not wear a seatbelt.
More than a half of those asked gave a negative answer.
More than a half-million women in developing countries die each year during childbirth. But a study shows an inexpensive drug could prevent a leading cause of those deaths. The conclusion is based on a study of 10,000 pregnant women. Up to eight percent of pregnant women around the world develop a condition called pre-eclampsia which is marked by high blood pressure and protein in the urine.
More than a hundred clay figurines were found in the tomb.
More than a hundred countries participated in the competition.
More than a hundred homes have been damaged by the flood.
More than a hundred people are still missing.
More than a hundred people were at the party.
More than a million old people are sick in bed.
More than a quarter of Australians were born overseas.
More than a third of the civilian population fell victim to the Thirty Year War.
More than a third of the world population lives near a coast.
More than a war, it was a dispute.
More than a year after a locust plague was declared in Madagascar, a control program finally is about to begin. Massive swarms of the insects have damaged or destroyed large areas of cropland and pastures.
More than a year later, police say they’re bringing the instigators of the unrest to justice.
More than an hour went by before the train started to move.
More than anyone, he understood the risk.
More than anything, I'm glad you're safe.
More than anything, he wished for peace.
More than anything, they needed hope.
More than anything, they needed time.
More than eight percent of Iceland's population is in France at the moment to watch their national team play in the European Championship. Iceland is so deserted right now that it looks like Iceland.
More than eight thousand people took part in the research.
More than eight thousand people took part in the studies.
More than enough is too much.
More than ever do we need goals or leading ideas that will give purpose to whatever we are doing.
More than ever, a reform of the health care system is needed.
More than fifteen minutes.
More than five hundred people were wounded.
More than five thousand people took part in the survey.
More than five thousand sentences were added to Tatoeba today.
More than five years have passed since I came to live in this house.
More than five-hundred were wounded.
More than forty vehicles were involved.
More than four million Syrians are refugees.
More than four million inhabitants live in Algiers.
More than four thousand people come to worship in this mosque.
More than four thousand people escaped.
More than four thousand people have been registered dead.
More than gold, lead changed the world, and, more than the lead in shotguns, the lead within the typographer's typecase.
More than half of Swedish households are single-person households.
More than half of local interstellar gases are neutral, meaning they have a balanced number of protons and electrons.
More than half of my books were destroyed by the fire last night.
More than half of my high school classmates are still living in Boston.
More than half of our fellow human beings that lost their lives in traffic accidents did not wear a seatbelt.
More than half of people diagnosed with schizophrenia experience significant recovery.
More than half of the Union troops were captured.
More than half of the fires were likely started by arsonists or farmers breaching fire rules, authorities say.
More than half of the languages spoken in our world today are endangered.
More than half of the nails in the box have rusted.
More than half of the people convicted by the courts are innocent.
More than half of the people in the world are men.
More than half of the population of this West Bank settlement were born out of the Middle East.
More than half of the residents are opposed to the plan.
More than half of the world's population lives in an urban area.
More than half of those asked gave a positive answer.
More than half the people in the United States are breathing air that could be threatening their health, according to the American Lung Association. The private health group has just released (April 27) its 12th annual State of the Air report, which ranks the quality of the air in U.S. cities and counties in terms of the most common types of air pollution.
More than half the residents are opposed to the plan.
More than half the students failed the test.
More than half the world's population are men.
More than half the world’s population lives in cities.
More than iron, more than lead, more than gold I need electricity. I need it more than I need lamb or pork or lettuce or cucumber. I need it for my dreams.
More than just brute force is needed to bring down the violence.
More than likely, it won't happen.
More than ninety kinds of fruits, vegetables, nuts and seed crops depend on bees for reproduction. Bees pollinate thousands of millions of dollars worth of crops.
More than ninety percent of visitors of this webpage come from search engines.
More than once during the years that I had lived with him in Baker Street I had observed that a small vanity underlay my companion's quiet and didactic manner.
More than once in history have people revolted against the inequalities of life and refused to submit to the restraints of laws and creeds. They have often gone through a period of communism and red terror in the hope of realizing ultimately the Perfect State. Their leaders, undoubtedly sincere at first, espouse the utopian dream, declaring themselves the exponents of its ideals, the promised messengers of its blessings. But with the material for revolt ready at hand, and unable to resist the seductions of nascent power, they soon undergo that transformation which history identifies, often not unjustly, with demagogy, if they fail, or with autocracy, if they succeed. In either case, by utilizing the elements of negation in Society, they become apostles of violence, proclaiming the theory of "creative destruction." But instead of creating a utopia on the ruins of their making, they only succeed in setting up, as history shows, another government, which, no matter how just and sound its foundations are in theory, soon becomes in practice more despotic and corrupt.
More than one billion children worldwide are suffering from severe hardships that are denying them a healthy and secure upbringing, UNICEF reports.
More than one billion people in 80 countries are at risk of contracting lymphatic filariasis, known as elephantiasis, which is transmitted by mosquitos infected with parasitic filarial worms. The worms lodge in the lymphatic system, causing accumulations of lymph fluid that lead to massive swellings of limbs, usually the feet.
More than one bottle of coke was consumed.
More than one hundred nations have approved the treaty.
More than one hundred twenty-five landmasses make up the Galapagos.
More than one in 10 people say their chosen area of study is their biggest educational regret.
More than one in five people with humanities majors — which includes English and history — say they wish they hadn’t chosen that area of study.
More than one million plant and animal species are likely to become extinct due to human activity, according to a new report by the United Nations.
More than one million tons of coal are mined each day in Australia.
More than one student has failed the exam.
More than one student studies French in our class.
More than one thing can be bad at the same time.
More than seven decades after the big war, Japanese still do not tend to Christianity. I think that Japan's Shintoism is like India's Hinduism. These religions just absorb foreign elements. Some Hindus believe that Jesus Christ was an incarnation of Vishnu. He may be one of the "kami" in Shintoism.
More than seventy centimetres of snow fell in Helsinki last year.
More than six in ten office workers in the United States eat lunch at their desks.
More than snores, they are whinnies.
More than that is a bit too much.
More than thirty people were hurt.
More than thirty people were there.
More than thirty percent of our students go on to university.
More than thirty thousand people participated.
More than thirty years ago, when our knowledge of variation was far less than it is now, Dr. Stejneger had the discernment to interpret Colaptes auratus (Linnaeus), Colaptes cafer (Gmelin), and Colaptes hybridus (Baird) to be dichromatic or trichromatic phases of one species, and not two species that hybridize on a gigantic scale.
More than this is a bit much.
More than three hundred people are members of the club.
More than three million people live and work in the Algerian capital.
More than three quarters of people in the Middle Ages were farmers. They lived in the shadow of the castles.
More than twenty boys went there.
More than twenty million people play Pokémon around the world.
More than two decades later, Sasha, now 33, is an accomplished musician in her own right.
More than two hundred years have passed since the metric system was first presented to the world.
More than two million people around the world have multiple sclerosis, a chronic, often-disabling disease that attacks the central nervous system. Usually striking young adults, MS is more common in women than in men.
More than two thousand years have passed, and the Ides of March still haunt us.
More than two-thirds of people infected with HIV live in sub-Saharan Africa.
More than we bargained for, it became.
More than we expected, the task became.
More than you!
More things are wrought by prayer than this world dreams of.
More time is needed for the preparations.
More time is needed.
More time was needed.
More time will be needed.
More tractors meant fewer horses and mules.
More universality or extensiveness is, then, one mark which the philosopher's conceptions must possess.
More vehicles have been registered this year than ever before.
More vividly than all the written histories, the Coliseum tells the story of Rome's grandeur and Rome's decay.
More was expected.
More we learn, more we gotta learn.
More wine, please.
More winter and spring precipitation is projected for the northern United States, and less for the Southwest, over this century.
More wise than those who go on until the wheel turns against them, he realised his gains and returned to England with them.
More women than men commit perjury.
More women than men suffer from autoimmune diseases.
More work and less chatter!
More work is required.
More work?
More zombies burst into the room.
More!
More's the pity.
Moreover it's difficult to get rubbish out for garbage day because the collection time is too early.
Moreover it’s difficult to get rubbish out for garbage day because the collection time is too early.
Moreover, I am of the opinion that Carthage must be destroyed.
Moreover, I can fly.
Moreover, I judge that Carthage must be annihilated.
Moreover, because he was handsome, he was ill-suited to working as a teacher in a girls' school.
Moreover, for your safety, we advise use of a substitute email address.
Moreover, freedom in America is indivisible from the freedom to practice one's religion. That is why there is a mosque in every state of our union, and over 1,200 mosques within our borders.
Moreover, freedom in America is indivisible from the freedom to practice one’s religion. That is why there is a mosque in every state of our union, and over 1,200 mosques within our borders.
Moreover, freedom in the United States is indivisible from the freedom to practice one's religion. That is why there is a mosque in every state of our union, and over 1,200 mosques within our borders.
Moreover, he was a sturdy little man, wore spectacles, and had a smooth bald head, over which, at the time we introduce him to the reader, fifty summers had passed, with their corresponding autumns, winters, and springs.
Moreover, he went on and on and on and on, detailing every single lawless act he committed.
Moreover, how much did you pay for that?
Moreover, if Helenus has any foresight, if the seer may claim any faith, if Apollo fills his soul with truths, this one thing, Goddess-born, this one in lieu of all I will foretell, and again and again repeat the warning: mighty Juno’s power honour first with prayer; to Juno joyfully chant vows, and win over the mighty mistress with suppliant gifts. So at last you will leave Trinacria behind and be sped triumphantly to the bounds of Italy.
Moreover, she liked walks so much that even in the middle of winter she would come like this to ask to go out twice a day without fail.
Moreover, thank you for allowing me to complete a few hours of flying lessons.
Moreover, the sweeping change brought by modernity and globalization led many Muslims to view the West as hostile to the traditions of Islam.
Moreover, the trade unions aid the employing class to mislead the workers into the belief that the working class have interests in common with their employers.
Moreover, they underscored the need for providing policy relevant ready-to-use scientific results and methodology.
Moreover, this fascist degenerate places representatives of the working classes in the category of "inferior" people subject to compulsory sterilization.
Moreover, what's on the bottom of the memo isn't dirt but a ... b-blood seal!?
Moreover, what’s on the bottom of the memo isn’t dirt but a ... b-blood seal!?
Moreover, when viewed from the side, the front teeth are protruding.
Morgan le Fay was a powerful sorceress and the half-sister of King Arthur.
Morgan said when he approached the vehicle, he was expecting to find an adult who needed medical attention, but instead he found "a very underaged driver behind the wheel."
Moringa leaves have a lot of health benefits.
Morley Andrews was caught driving a pair of trained crickets in the aisle.
Mormon missionaries work in pairs.
Mormons hate coffee and tea.
Mornin'!
Mornin', time to wake up.
Morning came.
Morning finally came.
Morning found them on deck.
Morning hour, golden shower.
Morning is a bad time to do that.
Morning is before noon.
Morning is my favorite time of the day.
Morning is never good.
Morning is not at dawn, but at the moment when you wake up.
Morning is the first part of the day.
Morning is the most beautiful time of day.
Morning is when we can notice how beautiful nature is.
Morning is wiser than evening.
Morning worship begins at eleven o'clock.
Morning worship begins at eleven o’clock.
Morning!
Morning! Sorry, did I keep you waiting?
Morning! Sorry, have you been waiting long?
Morning, Haruki. You've got bed hair.
Morning, Haruki. You’ve got bed hair.
Morning, Mary! Did I wake you?
Morning, Mom.
Morning, Mrs. Virtanen.
Morning, everyone! Slept well? Had nice dreams?
Morning, sleepyhead!
Morning, sleepyheads!
Morning. Shall I dish up?
Mornings are never good.
Mornings, we have four hours of lessons.
Moroccan cuisine has vibrant colors and magical aromas.
Moroccans don't have amazing salaries.
Moroccans hold negative views on Algeria.
Morocco agreed to UN-led talks with Western Sahara.
Morocco agreed to negotiate with the Polisario Front.
Morocco already has enough problems at home.
Morocco and Algeria have had a turbulent past.
Morocco and Mauritania launched a full-scale invasion of Western Sahara in 1975.
Morocco and Mauritania took over Western Sahara in 1975.
Morocco and its allies shouldn't mess with Algeria.
Morocco and the Polisario Front have to negotiate.
Morocco annexes 80% of Western Sahara's territory.
Morocco arrested and disappeared many Sahrawi activists.
Morocco attacked Algeria in 1963.
Morocco calls Western Sahara "southern provinces."
Morocco can't just take away Western Sahara.
Morocco can't stop Algeria's militarization efforts.
Morocco claims it has a historic claim in Western Sahara, something not recognized by the international community.
Morocco claims that its borders with Algeria aren't completely fixed.
Morocco closed its borders with Algeria.
Morocco closed its land borders with Algeria in 1994.
Morocco considers Algeria as its archenemy.
Morocco considers sub-Saharan Africa its backyard.
Morocco could rapidly descend into chaos.
Morocco could soon face civil unrest.
Morocco decided to close its land borders with Spain following Brahim Ghali's visit to the latter to receive medical treatment for Covid-19.
Morocco decided to leave the African Union in 1984.
Morocco desperately needs cash.
Morocco did that without consulting Algeria.
Morocco expanded into Western Sahara and seized significant parts of its territory.
Morocco got into debt.
Morocco has a high percentage of disoccupation.
Morocco has a huge trade deficit.
Morocco has a poor economy.
Morocco has a significant Berber speaking minority.
Morocco has aggressive intentions in North Africa.
Morocco has an underdeveloped economy.
Morocco has been pursuing disastrous policies for years.
Morocco has begun a race towards the abyss.
Morocco has got a population that's not well fed.
Morocco has large numbers of troops in occupied Western Sahara.
Morocco has no legitimate claim to Western Sahara.
Morocco has some intriguing internal politics.
Morocco illegally occupies 80% of Western Sahara's territory.
Morocco illegally took Western Sahara over.
Morocco increased its public spending.
Morocco invaded Western Sahara in 1975.
Morocco invaded and occupied Western Sahara.
Morocco is Algeria's archenemy.
Morocco is Algeria's biggest regional rival.
Morocco is Algeria's biggest rival in the North African region.
Morocco is Algeria's biggest rival in the region.
Morocco is Algeria's rival in the region.
Morocco is a cheap labor Disneyland.
Morocco is a constitutional monarchy.
Morocco is a constitutional, democratic, parliamentary and social monarchy.
Morocco is a country in crisis.
Morocco is a country where most jobs aren't paid very well.
Morocco is a country with very little fossil fuel.
Morocco is a dictatorship.
Morocco is a repressive country.
Morocco is called "Al-Maghrib" in Arabic.
Morocco is called "Al-maghrib" in Arabic.
Morocco is called "Meṛṛuk" in Berber.
Morocco is concerned about Algeria's emergence.
Morocco is dealing with a cocktail of calamities.
Morocco is digging its claws deeper into Western Sahara.
Morocco is doing worse.
Morocco is facing so many complex challenges.
Morocco is frustrated by Algeria's support to Western Sahara.
Morocco is going in the opposite direction.
Morocco is having a very bad day with the Polisario Front.
Morocco is illegally plundering Western Sahara's resources under the watchful eye of Spain and France.
Morocco is in a difficult economic period.
Morocco is in a terrible economic mess.
Morocco is in a terrible economic situation.
Morocco is in turmoil.
Morocco is inching towards a debt crisis.
Morocco is lobbying nations against Western Sahara.
Morocco is located directly to the north of Western Sahara.
Morocco is north of Western Sahara.
Morocco is not showing the slightest intention of carrying out a decolonization process in Western Sahara.
Morocco is not the neighbor we thought it was.
Morocco is occupying and plundering Western Sahara.
Morocco is often synonymous of poverty.
Morocco is one of Algeria's geopolitical rivals in the region.
Morocco is one of the few Arab countries to retain a substantial Jewish population after the 20th century.
Morocco is plundering Western Sahara.
Morocco is plunged into domestic turmoil.
Morocco is preparing for a new economic crisis.
Morocco is pursuing an expansionist policy in Western Sahara.
Morocco is robbing the Sahrawis of their natural resources.
Morocco is shockingly unstable.
Morocco is sinking into misery.
Morocco is squandering Western Sahara's resources.
Morocco is stationing additional soldiers on its border with Algeria.
Morocco is still a poor country.
Morocco is suffering a brutal economic crisis.
Morocco is supporting separatism in Algeria.
Morocco is talking peace and acting war.
Morocco is the land of the setting sun.
Morocco is trying to defeat Western Sahara's push for independence with repression.
Morocco is trying to swallow up Western Sahara.
Morocco is trying to weaponize history to justify its occupation of Western Sahara.
Morocco is using drones to target both Sahrawi fighters and civilians inside Western Sahara.
Morocco is using murderous drones against the Sahrawis.
Morocco is vainly trying to consolidate its dominance in Western Sahara.
Morocco is walking straight into a debt trap.
Morocco is west of Algeria.
Morocco lost many valuable investments.
Morocco maintains a heavy security presence in the territory.
Morocco musn't win in Western Sahara.
Morocco must abandon its expansion efforts in Western Sahara and grant this nation its full independence.
Morocco needs to be put in check.
Morocco needs to find a solution to its economic crisis soon.
Morocco needs to release its political prisoners.
Morocco occupies 80% of Western Sahara.
Morocco occupies Western Sahara to take its natural resources.
Morocco refuses to let human rights observers into Western Sahara's occupied territories.
Morocco risks falling into the abyss.
Morocco seems to be on the brink of collapse.
Morocco sees Algeria as a rival.
Morocco sees Algeria as an enemy.
Morocco sharpened its rhetoric against Algeria.
Morocco should pull out of Western Sahara's occupied areas.
Morocco shut its border with Algeria.
Morocco still suffers from extreme levels of poverty.
Morocco stole territory and committed war crimes in Western Sahara.
Morocco suppresses political freedom in the occupied parts of Western Sahara.
Morocco tried to invade Algeria in 1963.
Morocco tried to invade Algeria in the 1960's.
Morocco undertook poor economic reforms.
Morocco used drones to kill Algerian truck drivers in Western Sahara.
Morocco uses Pegasus to spy on journalists.
Morocco uses an Israeli app named Pegasus to spy on journalists.
Morocco wants to bring Algeria into its conflict with Western Sahara.
Morocco wants to destabilize Algeria.
Morocco wants to expand its borders.
Morocco wants to extend its borders further.
Morocco wants to hold to the occupied territories of Western Sahara.
Morocco wants to illegally absorb Western Sahara into its territory.
Morocco wants to install a pro-Moroccan puppet government in Kabylie.
Morocco wants to intervene in Algeria's affairs.
Morocco wants to pull Algeria into the Western Sahara conflict.
Morocco wants to subjugate Western Sahara.
Morocco wants to take full control of Western Sahara.
Morocco was angered when Spain received Brahim Ghali, the president of Western Sahara, for medical treatment for Covid-19.
Morocco will eventually pull out from Western Sahara.
Morocco will lose the war in Western Sahara.
Morocco's Permanent Representative to the UN, Excellency Mr Omar Hilale, said the Kabyle people have the right to self-determination, describing them as "one of the oldest peoples in Africa, who are under the longest foreign occupation." The ambassador added that "the Kabyle people deserve to enjoy their right to self-determination fully."
Morocco's claim to Western Sahara isn't legitimate.
Morocco's economic crisis is getting worse.
Morocco's economic woes didn't come from nowhere.
Morocco's economy continues to crumble.
Morocco's economy continues to sink like the Titanic.
Morocco's economy is facing another challenge.
Morocco's economy is getting worse.
Morocco's economy is in shambles.
Morocco's economy is in tatters.
Morocco's economy is in trouble.
Morocco's economy is nearing a breaking point.
Morocco's economy is on the brink of collapse.
Morocco's economy is very fragile.
Morocco's efforts to fight trachoma are paying off. In the hardest-hit province of Zagora, for example, active trachoma rates have fallen from more than 50 percent in 1997 to less than four percent today. Morocco's trachoma elimination program director, Dr. Youssef Chami, points out that the country could not have done it without the solid support of the government.
Morocco's exports dropped down.
Morocco's finances are a complete disaster.
Morocco's food security has become severely threatened.
Morocco's foreign debt is ballooning.
Morocco's future is anything but certain.
Morocco's occupation of Western Sahara is illegal.
Morocco's plan backfired.
Morocco's political system is anything but democratic.
Morocco, for example, is a kingdom ruled by divine right.
Moroni is the capital of the Comoros.
Morphogenesis is the development, from the embryo, of the characteristic forms and structures of a species.
Morphology is reduced.
Mortal enemies are immortal friends.
Mortality is something that people cannot really believe too well. People keep collecting and collecting things as if they were not to die. I am like one of them, sometimes. What are the things that can be transmigrated after life? Would memories and knowledge be included?
Moscow and Beijing share a common interest in weakening U.S. global influence and are actively cooperating in that regard.
Moscow introduced temporary quarantine measures.
Moscow is Russia's capital.
Moscow is a Russian town.
Moscow is in Russia.
Moscow is seeing its heaviest snow since 1973.
Moscow is the capital of Russia.
Moscow is the only city in the world, located inside the Moscow Ring Road.
Moscow isn't Russia.
Moscow looks beautiful from space.
Moscow residents witnessed a large column of military equipment moving on Tverskaya Street.
Moscow’s most famous landmarks — Red Square, the Kremlin, and the domes of St. Basil’s Cathedral — are swarmed with World Cup fans doing a bit of sightseeing in between matches.
Moses also said to Aaron: Say to the whole congregation of the children of Israel: Come before the Lord; for he hath heard your murmuring.
Moses answered, and said: They will not believe me, nor hear my voice, but they will say: The Lord hath not appeared to thee.
Moses answered: So shall it be as thou hast spoken, I will not see thy face anymore.
Moses came down from the mountain bearing divine commandments.
Moses came; and calling together the elders of the people, he declared all the words which the Lord had commanded.
Moses led the Israelites out of Egypt.
Moses said to God: Lo, I shall go to the children of Israel, and say to them: The God of your fathers hath sent me to you. If they shall say to me: What is his name? What shall I say to them?
Moses said: As soon as I am gone out of the city, I will stretch forth my hands to the Lord, and the thunders shall cease, and the hail shall be no more: that thou mayst know that the earth is the Lord's.
Moses said: I beseech thee, Lord, I am not eloquent from yesterday and the day before; and since thou hast spoken to thy servant, I have more impediment and slowness of tongue.
Moses said: Thou shalt give us also sacrifices and burnt-offerings, to the Lord our God. All the flocks shall go with us; there shall not a hoof remain of them: for they are necessary for the service of the Lord our God: especially as we know not what must be offered, till we come to the very place.
Moses said: We will go with our young and old, with our sons and daughters, with our sheep and herds: for it is the solemnity of the Lord our God.
Moses therefore took his wife, and his sons, and set them upon an ass; and returned into Egypt, carrying the rod of God in his hand.
Moses was a messenger of God.
Moses was famously a stutterer.
Moses was the greatest of the prophets, but he was not a perfect person.
Moses went his way, and returned to Jethro his father in law, and said to him; I will go and return to my brethren into Egypt, that I may see if they be yet alive. And Jethro said to him: Go in peace.
Moses, may God be pleased with him, is mentioned in the Quran.
Moses, peace be upon him, was a messenger of God.
Moshe Dayan said that these wasn't a single place in Palestine where Jews settled where Arabs were not before.
Moshe is a Sephardic Jew.
Moshe was the greatest of the prophets, but he was not a perfect person.
Mosques are everywhere you go in Kabylie.
Mosques need to be kept clean.
Mosquito's bite can cause malaria.
Mosquitoes are a real problem.
Mosquitoes are a vector for disease.
Mosquitoes are actually attracted to stinky feet.
Mosquitoes are attracted to smell of human feet and Limburger cheese.
Mosquitoes are carriers of diseases.
Mosquitoes are carriers of the disease.
Mosquitoes are disease carriers.
Mosquitoes are insects.
Mosquitoes are perhaps one of the most dangerous animals in the world.
Mosquitoes are the bane of my existence.
Mosquitoes bite and suck blood.
Mosquitoes carry malaria.
Mosquitoes consider human beings a dangerous but necessary source of nutrition.
Mosquitoes deserve to die.
Mosquitoes enjoy the company of humans.
Mosquitoes in Minnesota are as big as storks.
Mosquitoes irritate me.
Mosquitoes kill hundreds of thousands of people each year by spreading microbes that cause diseases such as malaria, dengue fever and yellow fever.
Mosquitoes like dark colors.
Mosquitoes seem to be more attracted to people wearing dark clothes.
Mosquitoes were out in full force.
Mosquitos don't respect walls.
Mosquitos love me.
Moss does not always grow on the north side of trees.
Moss grows in damp, dark places.
Moss grows on the north side of a tree.
Moss have motile sperm, unlike most plants, who take advantage of their surroundings to transport their gametes.
Mossad agents are normally required to be fluent in Arabic. I think that Hezbollah also requires its fighters to be fluent in Hebrew.
Mossad stole my shoe.
Most Albanians support the accession of their country to the EU.
Most Algerians abstained from voting.
Most Algerians are Islamists, some show it but others will hide it.
Most Algerians are Muslims.
Most Algerians are Sunni Muslims.
Most Algerians are adherents of the Sunni Islamic faith.
Most Algerians are against secularism because they are deeply Muslim.
Most Algerians are ethnically Berber.
Most Algerians are of Berber descent.
Most Algerians are of Berber origins.
Most Algerians don't know about him.
Most Algerians have Berber ancestry.
Most Algerians have health coverage.
Most Algerians have lost faith in their politicians.
Most Algerians have primary schooling.
Most Algerians know that they are of Berber descent.
Most Algerians live in the north of the country.
Most Algerians were dependent on agriculture.
Most Algerians will prefer French colonialism to seeing a Berber Algeria.
Most American Jews support a liberal, democratic Israel that seeks peace with its neighbors, but their views on Israel are ignored in favor of the cruel politics of the more numerous Evangelical Christians.
Most American Jews want Israel to exist, but beyond that, they are significantly to the left of American foreign policy towards the country, which is based on the opinions of the much larger group of Evangelical Christians.
Most American media still feature African Americans in the form of stereotypes.
Most American politicians learned how to debate when they were students in school. Class debates are common in American schools, offering students an opportunity to marshal their arguments and defend their point of view. Iuliia Iarmolenko visited a school in Washington, D.C. to see how children like the art of debate.
Most Americans agreed with President Wilson.
Most Americans approved of what Coolidge did.
Most Americans are descended from immigrants.
Most Americans aren't Catholic, and most American Catholics are left-leaning.
Most Americans can speak English.
Most Americans can't pick out Ukraine on a map.
Most Americans can't speak German.
Most Americans continue to view the word "woke" positively, perhaps in part because they've seen what "anti-woke" politics looks like in practice.
Most Americans did not have the money to own an automobile.
Most Americans didn't have enough money to own a car.
Most Americans do not object to my calling them by their first names.
Most Americans have a sense of humor.
Most Americans like hamburgers.
Most Americans liked Roosevelt.
Most Americans look at what is happening in Florida and Texas with horror.
Most Americans recognize George Washington's name.
Most Americans say they don't know a Muslim.
Most Americans supported the decision.
Most Americans were for it.
Most Americans were in favor of it.
Most Berbers converted to Islam in the 8th century AD.
Most Berbers converted to Islam in the 8th century CE.
Most Berbers practice Islam.
Most Buddhist monks are celibate.
Most Canadian provinces have set the minimum age to purchase and consume cannabis at 19. In Alberta, however, it's 18, and in Quebec it's 21.
Most Cardinals in the current Church have been corrupted by the evil one.
Most Chinese had never seen foreigners, so for them it was something very unique and unheard, as if they saw aliens.
Most Daesh terrorists fought with no boots.
Most English dialects lack uvular consonants.
Most English words are unknown to most English speakers.
Most Englishmen are conservative.
Most Esperantists live in the European Union.
Most European cities are very old.
Most European countries have, or are, moving quickly from a strategy focused on containment and trying to keep the virus from their borders.
Most Europeans can't tell the difference between Japanese and Chinese people.
Most Europeans cannot tell a Japanese from a Chinese.
Most Filipinos, as well as other nationals, have difficulty pronouncing English properly.
Most French people are against capital punishment.
Most Fridays, I go to the mosque.
Most Germans can speak English.
Most Germans expected the Allies would attack at Calais, in France.
Most Hollywood films have happy endings.
Most Hollywood movies have a happy ending.
Most Hollywood movies have happy endings.
Most Hollywood movies make the people of the Middle East appear different and threatening.
Most Israeli Jews are Mizrahi or Sephardi.
Most Israeli officials don't want to grant the Palestinians of the occupied territories citizenship.
Most Israelis are decent people and are capable of understanding what is actually going on in Palestine.
Most Israelis are either descended from refugees or are refugees themselves.
Most Israelis are, thank God, decent people, and discussing the one-state solution with them is, I think, absolutely possible.
Most Israelis were ordered to work at home, or put on furlough.
Most Italians take their annual holiday in August.
Most Japanese cars are reliable.
Most Japanese drink water from the tap.
Most Japanese eat rice at least once a day.
Most Japanese eat rice every day.
Most Japanese houses are built of wood.
Most Japanese live on rice.
Most Japanese opposed a tax increase.
Most Japanese take a bath every day.
Most Japanese temples are made of wood.
Most Jews are Zionists.
Most Jews find the Antideutsch movement creepy.
Most Jews have brown eyes.
Most Jews in the RSDLP were Bundists.
Most Jews living in Israel were forced to flee there, or their family was.
Most Kabyle people are secular.
Most Kabyles are Muslim.
Most Kabyles are Muslims.
Most Kabyles are fair-skinned.
Most Kabyles are faithful Muslims.
Most Kabyles are not Muslims.
Most Kabyles support JSK.
Most LGB people in the UK support trans people, with lesbians being the strongest supporters.
Most Mennonites in Peru and Bolivia speak Low Saxon and have never learned Spanish.
Most Mizrahi Jews do not identify as Arabs, and this has always been the case.
Most Mozabites are ibadis.
Most Muslim women wear the hijab as a recognition of their faith.
Most Muslims are Sunnis.
Most Muslims are family-oriented.
Most Muslims are not Arabs.
Most Muslims don't know that Arabs already went on pilgrimages to Mecca before Islam appeared.
Most Muslims fast for Ramadan.
Most Muslims hate Jews, Christians and atheists.
Most Native American artwork is created by Native women. Yet for centuries, their individual contributions have largely remained unrecognized and anonymous.
Most Native Americans in Mexico speak Spanish.
Most Roma are not nomads.
Most Roma speak Romani.
Most Shakuhachi are made from bamboo, but recently some wooden ones have appeared.
Most Swiss citizens speak two or three languages.
Most Swiss people can speak three or four languages.
Most U.S. states recognize international driver's licenses.
Most Western names are forbidden to newborns in Algeria. But it is in the West that Algerians like to emigrate.
Most Westerners, whenever they talk about the Islamic world, they only talk about the extremists.
Most abuse occurs within the nuclear family.
Most accidents are caused by human error.
Most accidents happen around the corner.
Most accidents happen near home.
Most accidents happen within 10 miles of your house.
Most accidents, after all, happen around the corner, not in the rainforest.
Most actual child groomers are straight men.
Most adults have 32 teeth.
Most airplane accidents allegedly occur at landing or takeoff stages.
Most analysts expected that Tom's offer would set off a new round of bidding for Mary.
Most animals have an instinct to protect their young.
Most animals with tentacles are invertebrates.
Most anime characters have large eyes.
Most arc lamps can only be found in museums nowadays.
Most archeologists specialize in a particular period of history, a particular topic, or just a particular region.
Most are against it; only a few are in favour. Still, most go along with it, and only a few resist. Those who do resist are publicly ostracised and discredited.
Most artificial sweeteners have an unpleasant aftertaste.
Most aspects of climate change will persist for many centuries even if emissions are stopped.
Most astronomers mock astrology.
Most athletes are at their best during their early manhood.
Most athletes are told to keep away from cigarettes.
Most authors come from petty gentry.
Most autistic people don't like being called an Aspie.
Most back pain gets better on its own.
Most bans on gender-affirming care explicitly carve out exceptions for the only actual child genital mutilation going on, that against intersex babies.
Most bars use standard ice cubes.
Most basketball players are tall.
Most basketball players are very tall.
Most bassoonists make their own reeds.
Most bears are omnivores.
Most big Japanese companies depend on exports.
Most big Japanese firms depend on exports.
Most billionaires hate muckraking journalists.
Most birds can see only by day.
Most birds have two legs and two wings.
Most blacks were too afraid to vote.
Most boys admire baseball heroes.
Most boys know his name.
Most boys like TV games.
Most boys like baseball.
Most boys like computer games.
Most boys like video games.
Most boys take after their fathers.
Most builders I've seen in town just get everything they need from the big-box hardware stores.
Most builders I’ve seen in town just get everything they need from the big-box hardware stores.
Most bumblebees live at higher altitudes.
Most capital goods and food for domestic consumption are imported.
Most car accidents happen because drivers aren't paying attention.
Most car accidents happen because drivers aren’t paying attention.
Most car accidents occur due to the inattention of the driver.
Most carburetors are not designed to take care of this condition and the only remedy would be to stop the engine instead of allowing it to run while standing at the curb.
Most carrots were once purple until the Dutch created an orange cultivar to honor the Prince of Orange.
Most cars have clear glass.
Most castles have a moat surrounding them.
Most cats don't like water.
Most cats prefer to be pet around their ears, on their cheeks, and under their chin.
Most centipedes pose little harm to humans, but some have venomous bites.
Most chess books aim to help readers improve their chess.
Most child abuse happens within the nuclear family.
Most child abuse occurs within the nuclear family, not at the hands of drag queens.
Most child laborers are in the developing world. But, this shameful practice also occurs in some of the world's richest countries.
Most children are playful.
Most children feel ashamed in front of people they don't know.
Most children grow out of wetting the bed by the age of seven or eight.
Most children hate school.
Most children here want to learn.
Most children like to jump rope.
Most children love ice cream.
Most children spend a lot of time in front of a screen simply because they're bored.
Most cities are like Algiers.
Most cities in that country are found on the coastal plain.
Most clipart available in Microsoft Word is of a poor resolution.
Most college students use computers mainly for writing papers.
Most colleges and universities continue the practice.
Most comets are thought to originate in a huge cloud called the Oort Cloud.
Most companies have their own labor unions.
Most computers made today are equipped with multi-core processors.
Most computers these days are based on the von Neumann architecture.
Most constellations don't really resemble the creatures or characters they are named after.
Most consumers are opposed to plastic bags.
Most convenience stores in America are located at gas stations.
Most corals contain algae called zooxanthellae which are plant-like organisms.
Most countries around the world use the metric system.
Most countries indulge in a little historical revisionism.
Most creatures in the sea are affected by pollution.
Most criminals are repeat offenders.
Most cucurbits are vines.
Most customers who throng to Jaipur’s iconic markets are unaware that many of these attractively priced, glittering bangles are the product of child labor.
Most cyclists don't respect pedestrians.
Most days are pretty uneventful.
Most days he eats a peanut butter sandwich for lunch.
Most days she sits on a chair at the table, and I sit in the big armchair; today she is sitting in the big armchair, and I am sitting on a chair at the table.
Most deaths were due to smoke inhalation.
Most developers hate debugging; it's more fun to create bugs than to correct them.
Most developers hate debugging; it’s more fun to create bugs than to correct them.
Most developing countries are suffering from overpopulation.
Most dinner parties break up about eleven o'clock.
Most dinner parties break up about eleven o’clock.
Most dinner parties end about eleven o'clock.
Most disagreements in a marriage result from the wife talking too much and the husband not listening enough.
Most documents start out as unnamed.
Most dog owners treat their dogs well.
Most dogs are bigger than that.
Most dogs are inclined to be friendly.
Most dogs do that kind of thing.
Most dogs have brown eyes.
Most dogs like it when you scratch them behind the ears.
Most dogs like it when you scratch them behind their ears.
Most dogs love to be outside.
Most drag shows are not sexual.
Most drag shows are not sexually explicit.
Most drivers don't have autism.
Most elevators operate automatically.
Most employees expect a pay raise once a year.
Most everything has been improved.
Most experts predict that Brazil will win over Chile.
Most experts think a lot of his theory.
Most fairy tales have villains.
Most families can’t afford to take care of their elderly parents.
Most farmers in Africa are women. But a South African NGO says many factors are keeping them poor. This, it says, contributes to food shortages on the continent because the women don’t have enough resources to produce significant amounts of food. The Food, Agriculture and Natural Resources Policy Analysis Network is developing strategies to try to end hunger in Africa. A major part of its mission is to uplift the millions of women farmers on the continent.
Most fast food restaurants serve American food like fries and burgers, but some serve more exotic food from places like China and Mexico.
Most fatal accidents happen at home.
Most film franchises eventually run out of ideas.
Most firefighters in Germany are volunteers.
Most fish slow down and "rest" near the bottom during cold winter months.
Most folks are as happy as they make up their minds to be.
Most folks ate very quickly and the food soon disappeared.
Most folks use their youth to wreck their old age.
Most foreigners learn to like Japanese dishes.
Most foreigners will never fully master the use of German modal particles.
Most foster children have parents somewhere.
Most funny stories are based on comic situations.
Most galaxies can't be seen by the naked eye.
Most galaxies can't be seen with the naked eye.
Most geckos are nocturnal.
Most giraffes only need about thirty minutes of sleep per day.
Most girls are kind.
Most girls are like this.
Most girls her age are attracted to bad boys.
Most girls think that they are pretty.
Most girls think that they're pretty.
Most girls think they're pretty.
Most government workers are on furlough.
Most graduates of the Department of Science proceed to a master's program, and roughly half of those continue on to their PhD.
Most guests stay a few days.
Most guitars have six strings.
Most gulls include crabs and small fish in their diet.
Most gummy bears are not suitable for vegans.
Most gummy bears are not vegan, because they contain animal gelatin.
Most gun owners are law-abiding citizens.
Most gun owners are law-abiding people.
Most harpists seem to be women.
Most heathers are small and robust.
Most home buyers have very little imagination.
Most hornbills are monogamous.
Most hotels provide a free shuttle bus from the airport.
Most hotels provide a free shuttle bus to the airport.
Most hotels provide a free shuttle bus.
Most hotels these days provide free toiletries for showering.
Most houses around here don't have basements.
Most houses around here don't have cellars.
Most houses built today do not reflect any one style, but integrate ideas from many cultures.
Most houses were destroyed to pieces.
Most human beings have an almost infinite capacity for taking things for granted.
Most humans actually hallucinate to conform.
Most humans are not very intelligent. The distribution of intelligence follows the bell curve.
Most humans are terrible people.
Most important are feelings and the closeness of partners, which reduces stress and introduces the proper atmosphere.
Most important is that you think for yourself.
Most important of all a clock has to be accurate.
Most important of all, the brain needs global reentry pathways connecting these anatomical structures.
Most importantly, have fun and enjoy the process of being active and taking care of your body.
Most importantly, have patience.
Most importantly, the borrowing rates are going up.
Most importantly, you have to help each other.
Most insects have six legs and four wings.
Most insurance companies refuse to pay for preventive medicine.
Most jelly babies are not suitable for vegans.
Most jellyfish stings aren't deadly, but many are pretty painful nonetheless.
Most jellyfish stings aren't deadly.
Most jellyfish stings aren't fatal.
Most kinds of aggressive behavior among members of the same species are responsive to crowding in the environment.
Most kitchen sinks are made of stainless steel.
Most landing gear can be folded into the fuselage during the flight and opened for landing.
Most language families are polythetic; that is to say, not entirely the same.
Most languages are beautiful.
Most languages are written from left to right.
Most languages have bilabial consonants.
Most languages have euphemistic expressions to describe death and dying.
Most languages in the world follow the SOV word order, but major languages follow the SVO word order.
Most large galaxies have a central supermassive black hole.
Most laypeople underestimate how often AI is wrong.
Most letters from his wife were read to him by the nurse in the hospital.
Most likely Tom forgot.
Most likely Tom will be back by 2:30.
Most likely Tom won't agree to do that.
Most likely Tom won't be able to do that.
Most likely Tom won't cry.
Most likely Tom won't do that.
Most likely Tom won't win.
Most likely Tom would do that for you if you asked him to.
Most likely Tom would do that if you asked him to.
Most likely, you've already read that book.
Most likely.
Most liquid soaps are detergents.
Most living creatures in the sea are affected by pollution.
Most lizards reproduce without the involvement of the male.
Most manufactured goods and petroleum products must be imported.
Most marriages in Zimbabwe are customary rather than legal unions that, if ended by divorce or death, leave the women empty handed.
Most mass shooters have no known mental illness.
Most mass shooters were not diagnosed with any mental illness.
Most matryoshkas are wooden.
Most medicinal teas taste bitter.
Most members of the Muslim faith denounce terrorism.
Most men I meet aren't interested in children.
Most men care about their size.
Most men contribute relatively little to the burden of childcare.
Most men don't even look at me.
Most men find me ugly.
Most men here wear ties every day.
Most men in Central Queensland work as a Jackaroo at least once.
Most men in politics just did not like Adams.
Most men need variety.
Most men think like that.
Most men with receding hairlines are very self-conscious of it, but he makes light of his.
Most men would have run for the hills, but not him.
Most men wouldn't do that.
Most meteoroids are no bigger than a pebble.
Most migratory birds don't get why, once they've flown south, they don't just stay there.
Most millennials have never taken a bath in a tub.
Most modern airliners use turbofan engines because of their high thrust and good fuel efficiency.
Most modern passenger and military aircraft are powered by gas turbine engines, which are also called jet engines.
Most money is stored off the premises.
Most months have 30 or 31 days.
Most moths don't feed in their adult form, only living long enough to reproduce.
Most movies are written and directed by men.
Most music venues make their money not from ticket sales, but from sales at the bar.
Most nations don't want to upset China.
Most native patterns, presented to most native speakers, would elicit: "I've never heard that."
Most newspapers are local, having little circulation outside their particular metropolitan area.
Most of Alexander Pichushkin's killings took place in Moscow's Bitsa Park between 1992 and 2006.
Most of Algeria is arid.
Most of Algeria is either arid or semi-arid.
Most of Algeria is geographically high.
Most of Algeria's economic output comes from its oil and gas sector.
Most of Algeria's educated people want to emigrate.
Most of Algeria's electricity comes from natural gas.
Most of Algeria's labor force was in agriculture.
Most of Algeria's manufacturing industries are in this area.
Most of Algeria's population is Muslim.
Most of Algeria's population is concentrated in the north of the country.
Most of Algeria's population is of Berber descent.
Most of Algeria's total trade is conducted with Europe.
Most of Algeria's workforce were still employed in agriculture.
Most of Algiers' beaches are polluted.
Most of Algiers' residents are originally from the neighboring mountainous regions including Kabylie and the Tell Atlas.
Most of Algiers's trash ends up in dumps.
Most of Algiers's trash ends up in garbage dumps.
Most of Antonio’s people were killed.
Most of Bangladesh's military equipment comes from China.
Most of Brazil has a tropical climate.
Most of Canada's Algerians are in Quebec.
Most of Canada's Algerians live in Quebec.
Most of Daesh's victims are Muslims.
Most of Downtown Abbey was shot at Highclere Castle in Hampshire, England.
Most of Dr. Jackson's patients are over 60 years old.
Most of Earth's inhabitants are not yet space-savvy. It may take generations for this attitude to change.
Most of Japan's prestigious universities are located in Tokyo.
Most of Kabylie looks similar.
Most of Kosovo's population lives in rural towns outside of the capital, Pristina.
Most of Mary's friends know that she doesn't speak French very well.
Most of Mary's friends know that she's in the hospital.
Most of Mary's friends were boys.
Most of Seoul's streets are clean.
Most of Tom's children became teachers.
Most of Tom's classmates agreed with him.
Most of Tom's friends are girls.
Most of Tom's friends know he doesn't speak French very well.
Most of Tom's friends know he's a recovering alcoholic.
Most of Tom's friends know he's in the hospital.
Most of Tom's friends know that he doesn't speak French very well.
Most of Tom's friends know that he's a recovering alcoholic.
Most of Tom's friends know that he's in the hospital.
Most of Tom's relatives live abroad.
Most of Tony's countrymen don't like reading English books.
Most of Western Sahara is illegally controlled by Morocco.
Most of Ziri's belongings were still there.
Most of Ziri's riddles were no-brainers.
Most of all, I hate wearing socks.
Most of all, I wanna thank my mother.
Most of all, we need more volunteers.
Most of an insect's organs are inside its abdomen.
Most of her friends are boys.
Most of her friends are girls.
Most of his friends are girls.
Most of his income goes on rent.
Most of his posthumous fame came from his autopsy results.
Most of his works are made not to sell, but for the pure pleasure of creating them.
Most of it isn't true.
Most of it's in French.
Most of my children live in Australia.
Most of my children live in Boston.
Most of my classmates can speak French quite well.
Most of my cousins live in Australia.
Most of my cousins live in Madrid.
Most of my dreams are bad.
Most of my friends are already married.
Most of my friends are brainweird.
Most of my friends are college graduates.
Most of my friends are girls.
Most of my friends are guys.
Most of my friends are married.
Most of my friends are single and have never been married.
Most of my friends are still single.
Most of my friends aren't married.
Most of my friends can do that.
Most of my friends can't afford to live in this area.
Most of my friends can't do that.
Most of my friends can't speak French.
Most of my friends don't speak French.
Most of my friends grew up around here.
Most of my friends grew up in this area.
Most of my friends know how to swim.
Most of my hens lay one egg per day.
Most of my pain is gone.
Most of my paperbacks are in covers so you don't know what they are until you open them.
Most of my paperbacks are in covers so you don’t know what they are until you open them.
Most of my sentences are translations.
Most of my sentences are unrelated to anything here.
Most of my stuff is still in storage.
Most of my teachers did not like me.
Most of my traveling companions were nice.
Most of northern Algeria is made up of mountainous terrain.
Most of our business is derived from architectural competitions.
Most of our current jobs will be replaced by AI.
Most of our employees are young.
Most of our mangroves have been eliminated for development.
Most of our money goes for food.
Most of our pocket wisdom is conceived for the use of mediocre people, to discourage them from ambitious attempts, and generally console them in their mediocrity.
Most of our students are girls, but we do have a few boys.
Most of our students speak French quite well.
Most of our workers feel that they're underpaid.
Most of people do not know their rights.
Most of the Algerian oil comes from the Sahara desert.
Most of the Algerians that emigrate to Canada are attracted by Quebec because of its use of the French language.
Most of the Amazon jungle is still wild.
Most of the Amazon rainforest is still wilderness.
Most of the Dead Sea Scrolls are in Hebrew.
Most of the Dutch in New Amsterdam did not leave.
Most of the Finnish people are very friendly to Chinese people.
Most of the IDF's checkpoints in the West Bank are in areas A and B.
Most of the Internet uses unfriendly language.
Most of the Jews of Kurdistan were ethnically cleansed during the 1950s.
Most of the Mayan books were destroyed by conquistadors in the 16th century.
Most of the Melanesians living in Papua New Guinea have very curly hair, don't they?
Most of the Melanesians living in Papua New Guinea have very curly hair, don’t they?
Most of the Muslims in Bangladesh are Sunni.
Most of the Muslims of the area come to attend the Friday prayer in this mosque.
Most of the Netherlands is below sea level.
Most of the U.S. is just the same big strip mall.
Most of the Westerners who convert to Islam are educated people.
Most of the accused were sentenced to death.
Most of the adults there were swimming with their children.
Most of the album is filler.
Most of the apartments are empty.
Most of the astronomy that I know is self-taught.
Most of the bodies were buried where they fell.
Most of the buildings were destroyed in World War II.
Most of the buildings were five or six stories in height, and their curtained, oblong windows and the bright, tawdry shops at their base had an oddly lifeless aspect, in spite of the sounds and animations which occurred within and around them.
Most of the children couldn't read or write.
Most of the children were unable to read or write.
Most of the city dwellers like to visit the square of Galleria Vittorio Emanuele.
Most of the clothes that Americans wear are made outside of America.
Most of the clothes that Canadians wear are made outside of Canada.
Most of the clothes that Europeans wear are made outside of Europe.
Most of the commotion going on outside was gone.
Most of the communities remained in touch using Hebrew as a written lingua franca; others became isolated.
Most of the company's sales come from urban millennials.
Most of the confidences were unsought — frequently I have feigned sleep, preoccupation, or a hostile levity when I realized by some unmistakable sign that an intimate revelation was quivering on the horizon; for the intimate revelations of young men, or at least the terms in which they express them, are usually plagiaristic and marred by obvious suppressions.
Most of the consonants are pronounced like those in English.
Most of the country believes in Islam.
Most of the country's population ran away from the villages.
Most of the credit for our success goes to you.
Most of the crimes in this country are committed by them.
Most of the damage should be repairable.
Most of the damage to the car is on the passenger's side.
Most of the dogs are alive.
Most of the dogs are already dead.
Most of the dogs are still alive.
Most of the educated Algerians that emigrate to Canada settle in Quebec.
Most of the events are free.
Most of the exiles were killed or captured.
Most of the facilities are easily accessible via local public transportation, but public transportation is generally behind the times, and its cost keeps increasing, so it is advisable to go by foot or bicycle to save money and time.
Most of the farmers around here grow corn.
Most of the farmers around here grow rice.
Most of the farmers had large families.
Most of the fire survivors are scattered, living in other towns and cities.
Most of the fishermen living in this village are very poor.
Most of the flowers in Tom's garden are red.
Most of the food we buy in supermarkets is overpackaged.
Most of the gold was taken by the state.
Most of the greatest evils that man has inflicted upon man have come through people feeling quite certain about something which, in fact, was false.
Most of the guests were foreigners.
Most of the heathers are not flowering at this time of year.
Most of the hotels are open all year round.
Most of the houses on this block were built in 2013.
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.
Most of the indigenous population of Australia has been exterminated.
Most of the indigenous population of Australia was exterminated.
Most of the inhabitants live in rural areas.
Most of the injured are expected to survive.
Most of the islands in this area are inhabited.
Most of the job applications he sent out went unacknowledged.
Most of the jobs carried out by the special forces are secret.
Most of the kids are foreigners.
Most of the land of Israel belongs to the Jewish Agency and it is not allowed to sell that land to non-Jews, including indigenous Palestinians.
Most of the leaves have fallen.
Most of the lift is generated by the wings.
Most of the men there just wanted to hook up and have sex.
Most of the men were wearing dinner jackets.
Most of the messages people left in the chat room were links.
Most of the online users I play poker with have been newbies.
Most of the other students wore trendy clothes.
Most of the others also lit their pipes and a desultory conversation ensued.
Most of the participants are from Australia.
Most of the participants come from Australia.
Most of the participants were women.
Most of the participants were young.
Most of the passengers on board were Japanese.
Most of the passengers on the bus were sleeping.
Most of the passengers were Canadians.
Most of the passengers were uninjured.
Most of the passengers weren't wearing life jackets.
Most of the patients were asleep by ten.
Most of the peasants living in this godforsaken village are illiterate.
Most of the people I chat with on Facebook are not from Brazil.
Most of the people I chat with on Facebook are students.
Most of the people I chat with on WhatsApp are not from Brazil.
Most of the people I know can speak French.
Most of the people I know live here in Australia.
Most of the people I know live in Boston.
Most of the people I work with can speak French.
Most of the people attracted to genealogy are in countries that have accepted waves of immigrants over the years, such as the United States, Canada, Argentina and Brazil.
Most of the people can't learn a word if they don't listen at least once.
Most of the people celebrating are tourists.
Most of the people here can speak French.
Most of the people in my area don't live anywhere near a bus stop.
Most of the people in this town are on vacation.
Most of the people working here are bilingual, trilingual and multilingual.
Most of the people working here are unpaid volunteers.
Most of the petrified wood found in the park is made up of quartz.
Most of the photos in the book were of Donald.
Most of the plain, simple, everyday things he desires can be secured by people of average means.
Most of the plants died.
Most of the players are rushing to enjoy endgame content, while I'm sitting here at the auction house enjoying the game of arbitrage: buying items cheaply when I notice them, then reselling them to other players at slightly under the normal price, and enjoying the profit. Is this really gaming? Hey, I'm having fun with it, so why not?
Most of the poems that Tom writes are short.
Most of the policemen lost their jobs.
Most of the pupils can speak English.
Most of the pupils here bike to school.
Most of the pupils here cycle to school.
Most of the pupils here go to school by bike.
Most of the rainforests have been destroyed in thirty years.
Most of the religions in Iran have been there longer than Islam.
Most of the residents departed, but the town survived.
Most of the residents live on unpaved roads that have no names and in houses that are unnumbered.
Most of the residents of the district live in single-family dwellings.
Most of the residents on this street are wrong 'uns.
Most of the revellers are tourists.
Most of the rise in cases is being seen in the younger age groups, especially among people in their twenties and thirties.
Most of the rooms have balconies with sea views.
Most of the rooms were unfurnished.
Most of the rumors about Tom are disinformation meant to throw off the CIA.
Most of the seats were open.
Most of the sentences I see in Galician seem to me to be written in Portuguese.
Most of the shops were closed.
Most of the signs are in English.
Most of the snow has melted already.
Most of the snow shown in films is fake.
Most of the so-called Western values are also values that go across the world.
Most of the soldiers were wearing camo.
Most of the soldiers were wearing camouflage uniforms.
Most of the soldiers were wearing green clothing.
Most of the soldiers were wearing green.
Most of the soldiers wore camouflage uniforms.
Most of the staff has left.
Most of the station disintegrated as it fell through Earth's atmosphere.
Most of the students already understand this.
Most of the students appear to agree.
Most of the students are interested in finance more than industry.
Most of the students can speak English.
Most of the students didn't know what was happening.
Most of the students finished school and forgot everything that they had studied.
Most of the students here are diligent.
Most of the students here come to school by bicycle.
Most of the students here come to school by bus.
Most of the students here go to school on bike.
Most of the students in her class failed the exam.
Most of the students in the class agreed with Tom.
Most of the students seem to agree.
Most of the students turned in their homework late. I guess I wasn't the only one.
Most of the students were unable to follow the professor, falling by the wayside only a short way into the lecture.
Most of the sugar consumed in Britain comes from the Caribbean.
Most of the surface of the Sun has a temperature of about 5400 degrees C, but in a big sunspot the temperature can drop to about 4000 degrees C.
Most of the suspects have been arrested.
Most of the things you worry about never happen!
Most of the time I don't have much fun. The rest of the time I don't have any fun at all.
Most of the time I dream in text.
Most of the time I eat out.
Most of the time I feel my head is empty.
Most of the time he arrives late.
Most of the time nowadays, travelers only know they have crossed from one side to the other of the partitioned island because of the difference in the color of the mailboxes or because road signs in the south use kilometers, while in the north they’re indicated in miles.
Most of the time the heating was off. It's cold in that flat.
Most of the time we're friends.
Most of the time when a cat purrs, he's feeling comfortable.
Most of the time, I just do what I want to do.
Most of the time, he doesn't get to sleep before two or even three o'clock in the morning.
Most of the time, he doesn’t get to sleep before two or even three o’clock in the morning.
Most of the time, parents give in to their children's requests for material goods.
Most of the tourists were Algerian.
Most of the town and all of the schools were reduced to ashes.
Most of the town lies on the right bank of the river.
Most of the town was sleeping.
Most of the traffic coming into this seaside town is heading for the beachside holiday camp.
Most of the trees here are fruit trees.
Most of the trees here are maple trees.
Most of the trees here are maples.
Most of the uneaten rice, chicken, noodles and other food lands in a huge shredding machine in the mall basement.
Most of the universe consists of dark energy, but we don't actually know what that is.
Most of the victims were children.
Most of the victims were small children.
Most of the war damage was there.
Most of the windows in the house across the street are boarded up.
Most of the women credit card holders are judicious in using their cards.
Most of the words are faded, but it's still possible to extrapolate the meaning from these sentences.
Most of the work has already been done.
Most of the work has to be done by hand.
Most of the work is already done.
Most of the work is performed by robots.
Most of the workers are in a union.
Most of the workers are union members.
Most of the workers are unionized.
Most of the world's cotton is grown in China, India, the United States, and Pakistan.
Most of the world's media is controlled by a single Australian Christian.
Most of their interviews are in German.
Most of them accepted Islam.
Most of them are Canadians.
Most of them are decent people.
Most of them are foreigners.
Most of them are from here.
Most of them are invisible without the help of a microscope.
Most of them are less than 25 years old.
Most of them are of Berber origin.
Most of them are wearing Kabyle dresses.
Most of them can't be seen without a microscope.
Most of them converted to Islam.
Most of them didn't study in school.
Most of them disavow and denounce that sort of behavior.
Most of them don't do that.
Most of them don't speak Berber.
Most of them embraced Islam.
Most of them identify as being ethnically Kurdish and speak both the Sorani and Gorani dialects of the Kurdish language.
Most of them just don't care.
Most of them settled in Algeria.
Most of them stayed in Algeria.
Most of them survived when the tsunami hit the remote islands in the Bay of Bengal on December 26. But the land on which they live suffered severely and many anthropologists believe that the damage to their habitat has left the tribes facing new challenges.
Most of them urged him to take the job.
Most of them were college students.
Most of them were late.
Most of them were university students.
Most of these apples are rotten.
Most of these are Tom's.
Most of these are mine.
Most of these artisans not only keep their ancestors' handmade natural dyeing techniques alive, they pass them to younger generations as they train other artisans in their communities.
Most of these books are in French.
Most of these cashews will be processed in India — the major center for cashew production — before being used in local cuisine or exported to the West, as an appetizer.
Most of these men had not been soldiers long.
Most of these people are Canadians.
Most of these products are domestic.
Most of these products are produced domestically.
Most of these terms also apply to softball.
Most of these who are thrust into combat soon find it impossible to maintain the mythic perception of war.
Most of this building's tenants are artists.
Most of this stuff isn't mine.
Most of those children can't swim.
Most of those present were women.
Most of today's books seem to have emerged overnight from yesterday's books.
Most of us - if we really want to learn sustainably and not just copy - will, however, have to bear the heavy burden of the Gauss bell with their 30h.
Most of us agree with Tom.
Most of us agreed to do that.
Most of us agreed with Tom.
Most of us are busy right now.
Most of us are closer to homelessness than we are to being a billionaire.
Most of us are hungry right now.
Most of us are much more interesting than the world suspects.
Most of us are of Berber descent.
Most of us are sick of hearing your complaints.
Most of us can not write in the Kabyle language.
Most of us can understand French, but not all of us.
Most of us can't swim.
Most of us did that.
Most of us didn't do that.
Most of us didn't have to do that.
Most of us didn't know Tom was telling the truth.
Most of us didn't know that at the time.
Most of us didn't want to do that.
Most of us don't care whether Tom does that or not.
Most of us don't care whether you do that or not.
Most of us don't eat a balanced diet.
Most of us don't have to do that.
Most of us don't like public speaking.
Most of us don't need to do that.
Most of us don't walk to school. We either take a bus or drive.
Most of us don't want to do that.
Most of us feel the end is very near.
Most of us grow rice.
Most of us have a hard time grasping how far away the moon is.
Most of us have done that more than once.
Most of us have done that.
Most of us have never been to another country.
Most of us have, to some extent, experienced being caught in a cycle like this one: Facing the browser, you hit, like you always do, Ctrl-T to open a new tab, type in the first letter of the website you always visit, and hit "enter"... just to see if anything new has happened.
Most of us here are out of work.
Most of us here can speak more than one language.
Most of us here don't understand French.
Most of us just want to know what's going on.
Most of us knew Tom wasn't telling the truth.
Most of us know that.
Most of us love our country.
Most of us need to do that.
Most of us refused to participate.
Most of us refused to take part.
Most of us shouldn't do that.
Most of us still aren't eating enough fruit and vegetables.
Most of us still don't know what to do.
Most of us still live with our parents.
Most of us still wish Tom would do that.
Most of us still wish that Tom would do that.
Most of us thought it was a good plan.
Most of us thought that it was a good plan.
Most of us try to direct the conversation to a topic about which we know more.
Most of us want to do that.
Most of us were veterans.
Most of us will do that.
Most of us will never be afforded the grace of failing forward. We will never benefit from the affirmative action of generational wealth.
Most of us would love to do that.
Most of us would rather not be here.
Most of us, Algerians, are ethnically Berber.
Most of us, if asked to think about problems we have solved, think about difficult situations we have faced and managed to overcome.
Most of what Dan is saying is true so far.
Most of what I know, I know from what my parents told me.
Most of what Tom said was true.
Most of what Tom said was untrue.
Most of what Tom said wasn't true.
Most of what happens around us makes no sense at all.
Most of what he said I didn't understand.
Most of what we consider modern civilization fits within the last 11,000 years—a period of remarkable climatic stability in which people have been able to continuously inhabit in the same regions for millennia.
Most of what you just said is true.
Most of what you learn can be got out of books.
Most of what you've just said is true.
Most of women are discriminated.
Most of you know, I grew up in Kabylie.
Most of you must have heard of Algeria.
Most of you will be dead thirty years from now.
Most of your answers were incorrect.
Most of your answers were wrong.
Most of, if not all, electronic and mechanical devices on airplanes are redundant in order to prevent failures.
Most off-road vehicles never go off road.
Most often he talked and talked while smoking one cigarette after another.
Most often, God gives us wives who are completely different from us.
Most opponents of slavery did not vote.
Most parents see their own children as the best in the world.
Most passengers were hardly injured.
Most patients can be rehydrated quickly by drinking large amounts of oral rehydration salts.
Most people I know eat three meals a day.
Most people I know enjoy hiking.
Most people I know enjoy singing.
Most people I know enjoy swimming.
Most people I know try their best.
Most people agree.
Most people are afraid not of making mistakes, but of facing up to them.
Most people are afraid to be like that.
Most people are afraid to set a high goal for fear of not achieving it.
Most people are bullied because they are better than the people who bully them.
Most people are idiots.
Most people are incapable of verbalising their thoughts clearly.
Most people are incapable of verbalizing their thoughts clearly.
Most people are introduced to vectors in high school or college.
Most people are kind.
Most people are not open to new values.
Most people are open books.
Most people are pretty friendly.
Most people are retarded and don't know how old civilization is.
Most people are right-handed.
Most people are set in their ways.
Most people are told what to think.
Most people are very passionate about something.
Most people aren't like that.
Most people aren't that stupid.
Most people around here don't have electricity or running water.
Most people around here have no electricity.
Most people around here speak French.
Most people around here usually eat their biggest meal of the day in the evening.
Most people assumed Yanni was Algerian.
Most people base their political positions on feelings rather than evidence.
Most people believe fake news.
Most people believe that they're above average.
Most people believe there is a God.
Most people brush their teeth at least two times a day.
Most people call him by his nickname.
Most people call me Tom.
Most people can do this without a problem.
Most people can speak only one language.
Most people can't actually recognize the back of their hand.
Most people can't do this very well.
Most people can't handle my overbearing personality.
Most people can't handle staring into my stoic and demonic stare for more than five seconds without looking away in the next five seconds.
Most people can't tell the difference.
Most people can’t do that.
Most people choose the default option.
Most people come to Assateague to see its unusual residents: wild horses.
Most people comply with the rules.
Most people consider murder wrong.
Most people consider that unimportant.
Most people could not see that she was African American.
Most people couldn't tell the Jackson twins apart.
Most people did what you did.
Most people didn't buy what the president said.
Most people didn't notice Tom leave.
Most people didn't notice Tom leaving.
Most people do it this way.
Most people do that.
Most people don't care about most people.
Most people don't care about that kind of stuff.
Most people don't care about things like that.
Most people don't care about you.
Most people don't drink enough water.
Most people don't enjoy this.
Most people don't even scratch the surface of the human mind's capacity for memorization.
Most people don't feel that way.
Most people don't get my joke.
Most people don't get sick from the virus.
Most people don't have a problem with that.
Most people don't have researched, well-thought-out positions regarding economic policy. They have opinions based on feelings.
Most people don't know how to use 4chan, or 2chan for that matter.
Most people don't know that the language Lojban exists.
Most people don't know this.
Most people don't like hospitals.
Most people don't like losing.
Most people don't like the paradigm of your religion.
Most people don't like to do that when it's cold.
Most people don't like to do that when it's hot.
Most people don't like to do that when it's raining.
Most people don't like to do that when it's snowing.
Most people don't like watching movies with subtitles.
Most people don't need to eat meat under normal circumstances.
Most people don't need to eat meat.
Most people don't realize this.
Most people don't really believe everything politicians say.
Most people don't research their political positions.
Most people don't save enough.
Most people don't talk about this stuff.
Most people don't think so.
Most people don't think that way.
Most people don't want to use unmoderated hellholes.
Most people don’t even know, let alone care about this.
Most people don’t even scratch the surface of the human mind’s capacity for memorization.
Most people don’t like hospitals.
Most people don’t really want the truth. They just want constant reassurance that what they already believe is the truth.
Most people drink beer cold.
Most people eat three meals a day.
Most people enjoy starry, peaceful nights.
Most people expected John Adams to win.
Most people expected Tom to win.
Most people feel frightened and intimidated by my overbearing personality so they don't dare to come closer to me.
Most people feel that that's wrong.
Most people feel that's wrong.
Most people find public speaking stressful.
Most people find this boring.
Most people find this interesting.
Most people form opinions the same way they get colds - they're infected.
Most people go to college to get a diploma.
Most people got some of their money back.
Most people had big dreams when they were young.
Most people hate war.
Most people have a great disinclination to get out of bed early, even if they have to.
Most people have a vague idea of their desired lifestyle.
Most people have at least one weird interest.
Most people have great disinclinations to get out of bed early, even if they have to.
Most people have never met a Jew, let alone a Samaritan.
Most people have something to complain about their housing conditions.
Most people have temporarily lost their voice at some point due to laryngitis—a throat infection—or from too much screaming at events such as football games or concerts.
Most people have to work for their livelihood.
Most people have ups and downs in their marriages.
Most people have very little imagination.
Most people haven't participated.
Most people here are not interested in your religion.
Most people here are pretty friendly.
Most people here aren't very good at doing that.
Most people here can speak French.
Most people here can understand French.
Most people here can't do that.
Most people here can't speak French very well.
Most people here can't speak French.
Most people here can't swim very well.
Most people here can't swim.
Most people here don't do that.
Most people here don't have electricity.
Most people here don't know how to do that.
Most people here don't know how to drive.
Most people here don't know how to play tennis.
Most people here don't know how to speak French.
Most people here don't understand French.
Most people here have really hit the skids.
Most people in Australia don't really care what happens.
Most people in Bangladesh are Muslim.
Most people in Boston don't really care what happens.
Most people in North America can't see the Milky Way.
Most people in my country are ignorant.
Most people in the hospital don't want to be in the hospital.
Most people in the region work as farmers.
Most people in the village objected to the plan.
Most people in this town don't like Tom.
Most people in this world cannot pronounce English correctly.
Most people in this world don't understand English.
Most people judge men only by their success or their good fortune.
Most people just vegetate.
Most people killed by smoking were not heavy smokers.
Most people know almost nothing about us.
Most people know better.
Most people know nothing about us.
Most people know sea water is undrinkable.
Most people know sea water isn't drinkable.
Most people know that playing sports teaches teamwork, but fewer people know that you can learn teamwork through video games too.
Most people know that sea water is undrinkable.
Most people know that sea water isn't drinkable.
Most people know that you can't drink sea water.
Most people know us as Mormons.
Most people like chicken.
Most people like pizza.
Most people like summer, but as for me, I like winter much better.
Most people like to see in pictures what they would like to see in reality.
Most people like watching TV.
Most people live in pursuit of happiness.
Most people live in urban areas.
Most people love being creative.
Most people need more love than they deserve.
Most people nowadays consider jazz to be old-fashioned.
Most people nowadays don't understand friendship.
Most people obey the law.
Most people obey the rules.
Most people only want to hear their own truth.
Most people rarely think about the factors that influence social progress because they are too distracted by everyday trivialities.
Most people really don't care.
Most people really have few friends. Do they think that most humans just have an ugly personality? Is it better to make friends with wild rabbits?
Most people rejected Tom's message.
Most people retire at the age of sixty.
Most people say that the best way to learn a foreign language is to learn from a native speaker.
Most people say that they want to eat healthier.
Most people say they want to eat healthier.
Most people see only what they want to see.
Most people should think that.
Most people spend about a third of their lives in bed.
Most people spend about a third of their lives sleeping.
Most people struggle with using the subjunctive mood.
Most people stuck around for a while after the show.
Most people studying a foreign language will never be able to speak like a native speaker.
Most people tell me that I look like my daddy.
Most people that I know eat three meals a day.
Most people think I'm crazy.
Most people think I’m crazy.
Most people think Tom and I are crazy.
Most people think according to simple algorithms.
Most people think computers will never be able to think.
Most people think so.
Most people think that I'm crazy.
Most people think that gorillas are stupid. Is that true?
Most people think that it's OK to eat meat.
Most people think that it’s OK to eat meat.
Most people think that learning Berber is useless.
Most people think that people shouldn't eat people.
Most people think that pit bulls are dangerous.
Most people think that quitting smoking is a hard thing to do.
Most people think that quitting smoking is hard to do.
Most people think that they're above average.
Most people think that's wrong.
Most people think the price is too high.
Most people think they are above average.
Most people think they're above average.
Most people thought Tom was nuts.
Most people thought it was a good treaty.
Most people travel by train.
Most people understand that.
Most people understand this.
Most people use music as a couch; they want to be pillowed on it, relaxed and consoled for the stress of daily living. But serious music was never meant to be soporific.
Most people use this phrase without any idea about its origin.
Most people using the term "exponentially" don't know what it actually means.
Most people want to experience happiness.
Most people were satisfied.
Most people were still up.
Most people were unaffected.
Most people when they put a pie in the oven to warm up for dinner take it out and eat it when it gets hot instead of leaving it to be burned to a crisp. But that doesn't seem to be your way evidently.
Most people who come here have a problem.
Most people who eat apples throw away the cores.
Most people who eat apples throw the cores away.
Most people who eat with a fork live in Europe, North America, and South America; people who eat with chop sticks live in Africa, the Near East, Indonesia, and India.
Most people who get infected with TB never get sick.
Most people who get infected with tuberculosis never get sick.
Most people who have lived in a foreign country have experienced some form of culture shock, although many people don't recognize it in themselves.
Most people who have recovered from addictions aren't in AA or NA.
Most people who have spoken to Tom would say that he's very outgoing.
Most people who hear Mary speaking French would never guess that she wasn't a native speaker.
Most people who hear Tom and Mary speaking French would never guess that they weren't native speakers.
Most people who hear Tom speaking French would never guess that he wasn't a native speaker.
Most people who think they are revolutionizing an industry have really just found a novel way to fail.
Most people who wanted to be vaccinated are vaccinated.
Most people will do as Tom says.
Most people will probably choose not to do that.
Most people will refuse to admit they've made a mistake.
Most people will refuse to admit they’ve made a mistake.
Most people won't be affected.
Most people won't notice that.
Most people won't pick up hitchhikers.
Most people won't tell you what they really think.
Most people would like to make more money.
Most people would loathe such a career.
Most people would rather die than think; in fact, they do so.
Most people would say that icebergs are white—and most of them are. But did you know that icebergs can also appear in spectacular shades of blue and green?
Most people would survive.
Most people wouldn't do that that way.
Most people wouldn't do that.
Most people wouldn't do what Tom does.
Most people wouldn't want to do that.
Most people write about their daily life.
Most people, if you describe a train of events to them, will tell you what the result would be. They can put those events together in their minds, and argue from them that something will come to pass. There are few people, however, who, if you told them a result, would be able to evolve from their own inner consciousness what the steps were which led up to that result. This power is what I mean when I talk of reasoning backwards, or analytically.
Most plants flower in the late spring and into summer.
Most politicians are lying shitty people.
Most politicians aren't good role-models.
Most politicians aren't great people.
Most politicians talk a lot and do little.
Most polling stations are in schools and other public buildings.
Most polling stations close at eight in the evening.
Most powerful is he who controls his own power.
Most precipitation comes from nimbus clouds.
Most prejudiced people won't admit to holding prejudices, as it makes them look bad.
Most press reported the negotiations failed to produce an agreement although major progress was made, as time ran out.
Most probably every one of us has already experienced difficulty with language, for example when on a trip abroad.
Most probably, he'll come.
Most probably, it won't work at all.
Most probably, she'll come.
Most problems have many solutions.
Most programmers frown upon that approach because it doesn't scale well.
Most programmers hate debugging; causing errors is much more fun than debugging them.
Most programmers hate debugging; making errors is much more fun than debugging them.
Most proteins are oligomeric in structure.
Most psychiatric wards are still very abusive and traumatizing places.
Most public places are simply not geared to people with disabilities.
Most pupils don't like homework.
Most rabbis say that Jews are not allowed to visit the al-Aqsa Mosque.
Most rabbits have long ears.
Most race horses are thoroughbreds.
Most rapes go unreported.
Most raspberries are red, but there are also white, yellow, and even purple raspberries.
Most reasonable people would understand that the government had no choice but to make the decision that it did.
Most refused to take a side.
Most reindeer live in the Arctic tundra.
Most religions have more in common than what separates them.
Most religious people also believe God would agree with their politics.
Most rivers flow to the sea.
Most salmon die after spawning.
Most salt bread nowadays is not salty anymore.
Most satellites, including the Hubble Space Telescope, orbit in a low Earth orbit of just a few hundred kilometers altitude.
Most scholars believe that the Tetragrammaton should be pronounced "Yahweh".
Most schools are closed today.
Most schools require international students to prove their English proficiency by taking either the TOEFL or the IELTS.
Most schools require international students to prove their English proficiency by taking one of these exams.
Most schools that require standardized tests accept either the ACT or SAT exam.
Most schools were designed not to transform society, but to reproduce it.
Most scientific breakthroughs are nothing else than the discovery of the obvious.
Most scientists agree on that.
Most scientists are contemptuous of reports that aliens from outer space have landed on the Earth.
Most scientists believe that there is a black hole in the center of our very own Milky Way.
Most scientists believe that this has been caused by man, through the release of methane, of carbon dioxide, and other greenhouse gases since industrialization. A few other scientists doubt this, however.
Most scientists had rejected the continental-drift theory because it had been so difficult to imagine that plate movements were even possible.
Most scientists now agree that Chicxulub contains evidence that a huge asteroid or comet crashed into Earth's surface, causing the extinction of more than 70 percent of the living species on the planet, including the dinosaurs.
Most scientists think little of his finding.
Most seagulls are carnivorous.
Most seagulls feed on crabs and small fish.
Most serial killers have experienced brutal childhoods, but very few people who experienced brutal childhoods later become serial killers.
Most serious riders own their own saddles.
Most sexual predators are straight men.
Most shoe soles nowadays are made from foam.
Most shops are in this area.
Most shops near the school are closed on Saturdays now.
Most signs are written in English.
Most signs around here are written in French.
Most singers can only really sing in their native language.
Most sinograms are not pictographic, like the sign for "tree." The majority of sinograms have a "meaning radical" together with a "sound hint radical." Sinograms are logograms.
Most smokers say that they want to quit.
Most smokers say they want to quit.
Most smokers try not to think about the awful consequences of their addiction.
Most snakes aren't poisonous.
Most snakes on this island are harmless.
Most souvenir shops are filled with worthless knick-knacks.
Most speakers say it badly.
Most speakers wouldn't bat an eye at it in colloquial speech.
Most species of kingfisher are found in tropical regions.
Most spiders weave webs.
Most splinters can be safely removed at home.
Most state and federally managed public lands are open for recreational use.
Most stereotypes ascribe negative characteristics to a group.
Most stores close at around ten.
Most stores were closed.
Most structures that we call "coral" are, in fact, made up of hundreds to thousands of tiny coral creatures called polyps. Each soft-bodied polyp—most no thicker than a nickel—secretes a hard outer skeleton of limestone (calcium carbonate) that attaches either to rock or the dead skeletons of other polyps.
Most students agree with the proposal and have made a list of arguments in favour of it.
Most students agree with the proposal, and made a list of arguments in favour of it.
Most students are able to walk to their elementary schools.
Most students are doing preparation for the term examination.
Most students are preparing for the final exams.
Most students are preparing for the term examination.
Most students are tired of having to take examinations all the time.
Most students can speak English.
Most students carry backpacks to school.
Most students come to school on foot.
Most students do the sights of Kyoto on their school excursion.
Most students don't have a lot of money.
Most students don't like homework.
Most students don't read the syllabus very carefully.
Most students don’t like to appear on video during online classes because they are concerned about how they look.
Most students failed the exam.
Most students got A’s.
Most students like sports.
Most students only use their computers to write essays.
Most students study hard.
Most students walk to school.
Most students will at least think about what to write about the paper in general as soon as they start reading.
Most students wore masks.
Most studies, however, have not focused on the influence Emmet's theory had on computer graphics.
Most studies, however, have not focused on the influence Emmet’s theory had on computer graphics.
Most sugar is produced from sugar cane.
Most swimmers shave their bodies.
Most swimmers shave their body hair.
Most tax havens have strict secrecy laws.
Most teachers don't make a decent living considering the hours they have to work.
Most teams perform better when they have a home game.
Most teenagers begin using drugs out of boredom.
Most things in San Francisco can be bought, or taken.
Most thunderstorms get their incredible energy from the sun’s heat, but some of the storms gain their strength at night, baffling scientists.
Most toothpaste contains fluoride.
Most toothpastes contain fluoride.
Most towns have an airport.
Most trans lesbians date other trans women.
Most trans people have known they were trans from a young age.
Most trees lose their leaves in the winter.
Most tributaries' waters end up in the middle of the stream.
Most truck drivers are polite drivers.
Most truckers are polite drivers.
Most utensils, such as can openers and scissors, are made for right-handers.
Most vegan leather is made from plastic.
Most virgins have an intact hymen.
Most visitors go to the main cavern. But some experienced cavers are permitted to explore five "wild" caves in the park. And in another one, scientists are studying microbes in search of a cure for cancer.
Most volcanoes are found along a belt, called the “Ring of Fire” that encircles the Pacific Ocean.
Most wars aren't necessary.
Most were unable to read or write.
Most westerner's cultural horizons end with Led Zepplin's Cashmere song.
Most whales feed on plankton.
Most will laud the crackdown as steps toward transparency, fairness in business and better-run local partner companies, economists predict.
Most will remain in Mali, but 61 migrants from Ivory Coast and Burkina Faso will continue onward to their homes of origin.
Most windshield bullseyes are easy to fix.
Most windshield bullseyes are easy to repair.
Most windshield cracks are repairable.
Most women are golddiggers.
Most women are hopeless romantics.
Most women are not so young as they are painted.
Most women aren't interested in my gun collection.
Most women aren't interested in that.
Most women can sew on a button or run up a seam; sewing, in fact, is regarded rather as a feminine instinct than an art.
Most women don't want to spend the rest of their lives cleaning your piss off the bathroom floor.
Most women dream about having big boobs.
Most women dream of a splendid wedding.
Most women enjoy shopping.
Most women make much of fashion.
Most women mellow as they age.
Most women think like that.
Most women want to have big boobs.
Most wool comes from sheep.
Most words are used very rarely, which makes it difficult to remember vocabulary when learning foreign languages.
Most work is not very pleasant.
Most work isn't very pleasant.
Most workers belong to unions.
Most workers get an automatic pay raise every year.
Most would acknowledge that he was a sparkling young man.
Most wretchedly by far do I go down.
Most writers are sensitive to criticism.
Most writers hate being criticized.
Most years have 12 full moons, but this year has 13, three of them supermoons. The May supermoon, known in the United States as the Flower Supermoon, follows the Pink Supermoon from April and another one in March.
Most years have 12 full moons, but this year will have 13, three of them supermoons.
Most young adults enjoy going out at night.
Most young people don't know the terror of war.
Most young people don’t know the terror of war.
Most young people have a mobile phone.
Most young people have mobile phones.
Most, if not all, parents want their children to be good.
Most, if not all, people enjoy eating.
Most, if not all, people here can understand French.
Mostaland is a famous tourist attraction in Mostaganem, Algeria.
Mostar is a very beautiful city.
Mostly I reach my grandmother by phone.
Mostly criminals are as naive as children.
Mostly likely, he's come back from the workshop.
Mostly likely, he’s come back from the workshop.
Mostly, I only go home.
Motels are less expensive than hotel.
Motels are less expensive than hotels.
Mother Earth represents fertility, motherhood and creation. She is the great sacred womb from which we came and to which we will return after our present existence.
Mother Nature can be fierce.
Mother Nature is beautiful.
Mother Nature is generous.
Mother Superior sent me to tell you that dinner is ready.
Mother Teresa began her work by looking around to see what was needed.
Mother Teresa used the prize money for her work in India and around the world.
Mother Teresa was a Catholic nun who lived and worked in Calcutta, India.
Mother Teresa was born in Yugoslavia in 1910.
Mother Teresa was given the Nobel prize.
Mother Teresa was known as the "saint of the gutters". She ministered to the needs of the poor, sick, orphaned, and dying in Calcutta, India for more than 40 years. In 1979, she won the Nobel Peace Prize for her humanitarian work.
Mother Theresa devoutly cared for old people.
Mother White next door likes reading.
Mother advised me to take a walk for a change.
Mother allowed me to go abroad.
Mother always cries when she listens to sad songs.
Mother always gets up early in the morning.
Mother always tells me not to sit up late at night.
Mother and I are different in every way.
Mother and I were in the garden.
Mother and I would ride two streetcars to Shaker Heights, where my garrulous Uncle Robert, taciturn Aunt Edna, and irritable teenage cousin Bob would meet us in their Olds 88.
Mother and baby are both doing well.
Mother and child are both doing well.
Mother and motherland are greater than heaven.
Mother applied the medicine to the sore on my knee.
Mother approved my plan.
Mother asked the babysitter to watch the children.
Mother asked us why we had done that.
Mother bakes cookies on Sundays.
Mother bathed the baby.
Mother boiled ten eggs.
Mother bought a beautiful doll for her.
Mother bought a loaf of bread.
Mother bought me a beautiful dress last Sunday.
Mother bought me a new bicycle.
Mother bought me a nice dress last Sunday.
Mother bought me the book.
Mother bought my brother a yellow umbrella.
Mother bought two bottles of orange juice.
Mother bought us a puppy.
Mother brought samosas from the market.
Mother busied herself with sewing.
Mother calculated her monthly expenses.
Mother called from Kabylie last night.
Mother carved us the chicken.
Mother charged me to clear the room.
Mother chose this curtain.
Mother cleared away the table.
Mother closed her purse with a snap.
Mother comes to stay with us at least once a month.
Mother cut the cheese with a knife.
Mother decided otherwise.
Mother divided the cake into eight pieces.
Mother divided the cake into three parts.
Mother doesn't know.
Mother frowns upon us eating between meals.
Mother gave the girl a ring.
Mother gets up earlier than anybody else in my family.
Mother gets up earliest every morning.
Mother gets up earliest in my family.
Mother giraffes are known of their affection.
Mother gives my sister two thousand yen every month.
Mother goes to market every day.
Mother goes to the hospital in the morning.
Mother had a large lung hemorrhage and died.
Mother had prepared supper when I got home.
Mother hangs around babying me as if I were six years old!
Mother has a coffee shop.
Mother has a good opinion of the writer.
Mother has been sick in bed since the end of last month.
Mother has been sick since last Thursday.
Mother has gone shopping.
Mother has gone to the market.
Mother has just gone out shopping.
Mother has just gone shopping.
Mother has made me what I am.
Mother has not cooked dinner yet.
Mother has old-fashioned ideas.
Mother has sent you some cakes and milk.
Mother hummed to herself as she went about her cooking in the kitchen.
Mother insists that I should eat more vegetables.
Mother insists that we should be home by seven in the evening.
Mother intimidates you. You think that she is a big woman.
Mother is anxious about my future.
Mother is anxious for my happiness.
Mother is away from home.
Mother is busy cooking and washing all day long.
Mother is busy cooking the dinner.
Mother is busy keeping house.
Mother is busy preparing dinner.
Mother is calling me home.
Mother is cooking in the kitchen.
Mother is getting breakfast ready.
Mother is going to town.
Mother is having trouble making ends meet.
Mother is in bed. She caught a cold.
Mother is in the kitchen wearing an apron.
Mother is in the kitchen.
Mother is making him a cake.
Mother is making lunch.
Mother is making tea for us.
Mother is more anxious about the result of the examination than I am.
Mother is never impatient with us.
Mother is no more than one.
Mother is now involved in tennis.
Mother is playing tennis right now.
Mother is preparing dinner.
Mother is preparing lunch.
Mother is preparing supper.
Mother is setting dinner ready.
Mother is the busiest in my family.
Mother is the first to wake up in the morning.
Mother is two years older than Father.
Mother is very busy just now.
Mother is waiting.
Mother knitted a sweater for me.
Mother laid the table for dinner.
Mother left me a message.
Mother left some of the food for me.
Mother likes tea, while I like coffee.
Mother likes to go out in this coat.
Mother looked after my dog during the trip.
Mother looked at me with tears in her eyes.
Mother looked up from her paper and saw me.
Mother looks young for her age.
Mother made a doll for me.
Mother made a new piece of clothing.
Mother made me a doctor.
Mother made me a doll.
Mother made me a fine dress.
Mother made me a new suit.
Mother made me a pure white dress.
Mother made me a sweater.
Mother made me clean the bathroom.
Mother made me eat carrots every day in my childhood.
Mother made us cheese sandwiches for lunch.
Mother makes soup for the child once again.
Mother mentioned that it was about time to prepare supper.
Mother never confused us.
Mother noted that my feet were not clean.
Mother noticed that my feet were not clean.
Mother objects to smoking cigars.
Mother often got angry with us.
Mother often keeps me from watching TV.
Mother often makes me go shopping at the supermarket.
Mother often said that she was proud of me.
Mother placed a large vase on the shelf.
Mother prepared lunch for me.
Mother prepared us lunch.
Mother put a bandage on Jim's cut.
Mother put a bandage on Jim’s cut.
Mother put the food on the table and told the children to dig in.
Mother removed mud from his shoes.
Mother says that I speak too fast.
Mother sent us grapes packed in a box.
Mother set the table for dinner.
Mother speaks a strong language, but it is not English.
Mother stays at home every day.
Mother stirred the soup.
Mother stood arms akimbo.
Mother suddenly got sick and we sent for a doctor.
Mother suggested that I write her at once.
Mother taught me how to make miso soup.
Mother tells me not to study so hard.
Mother thought of nothing but my coming home.
Mother tied up three pencils with a piece of string.
Mother told Father about me.
Mother told him to look after his younger brother.
Mother told me not to keep company with him.
Mother told me not to waste the money.
Mother told me that I had better not go out in such bad weather.
Mother told me to behave myself.
Mother told me to clean the room.
Mother told me to come home early, but I was late.
Mother told me to mow the lawn.
Mother told me to put away the dishes.
Mother tongue is the basis of knowledge.
Mother tongue: Swabian!
Mother took the clothes off the line in anticipation of rain.
Mother transplanted the flowers to the garden.
Mother was afraid I would get dirty.
Mother was anxious about the children.
Mother was busily cooking; in the meantime, I was just watching TV.
Mother was busy getting ready for dinner.
Mother was in a bad mood since she could not play golf because of bad weather.
Mother was surprised at the news.
Mother was too busy to see me go out.
Mother was very busy most of the time.
Mother washes every day.
Mother went shopping at the department store.
Mother went shopping with my brother.
Mother went through the forest.
Mother went to a lot of trouble to prepare dinner for our guests.
Mother went to town to get some bread.
Mother will be furious for sure!
Mother will never approve of my marriage.
Mother will show off her children.
Mother yanked the bedclothes off Hiroshi.
Mother's Day will be next month.
Mother's arms are the site of deepest security.
Mother's illness kept her at home yesterday.
Mother, I am going to Shiprock.
Mother, I love you.
Mother, I want to get married too.
Mother, I'm sorry for causing you trouble all the time.
Mother, I'm sorry, that you still have to take care of me.
Mother, I’m sorry for causing you trouble all the time.
Mother, having thought about it carefully, I don't feel I should marry him.
Mother, having thought about it carefully, I don’t feel I should marry him.
Mother, is there nothing I can help you with? Nothing at all?
Mother, mother, you are the queen of my heart.
Mother, thank you for giving birth to me.
Mother, where are you?
Mother-in-law and daughter-in-law are a tempest and hailstorm.
Mother-in-law jokes are funny because they're true.
Mother-in-law jokes are funny because they’re true.
Motherfucker!
Motherhood and childhood are entitled to special care and assistance. All children, whether born in or out of wedlock, shall enjoy the same social protection.
Motherhood proved to be very challenging for Martha.
Mothers are all real heroines.
Mothers are often not appreciated.
Mothers are often unappreciated.
Mothers are often underappreciated.
Mothers bring life into the world.
Mothers know their sons are coming back in caskets.
Mothers often leave young behind while feeding offshore. Even a lone sea otter or seal pup is probably not abandoned!
Mothers often pamper their children.
Mothers should keep their children from playing in the streets.
Mothers should love all their children equally.
Mothers starved themselves to feed their children.
Mothers used to tell their sons that if they masturbated they would go blind.
Mother’s illness kept her at home yesterday.
Moths and butterflies have been around for more than sixty million years.
Moths and butterflies produce caterpillars.
Moths are attracted by light.
Motion denied.
Motion for T.R.O. denied.
Motion for continuance denied.
Motion requires a here and a there.
Motivation is a key element.
Motivation is one of the factors that affects the learning process.
Motivation is one of the factors which affect the learning process.
Motivation is the key to success.
Motor cogging might burn up the decoder.
Motorbikes are nice. You can move smoothly even through a traffic jam.
Motorboats use a considerable amount of fuel.
Motorcycles are great. They can easily get through even in heavy traffic.
Motorcycles are very cheap.
Motorists are advised to drive with caution.
Motorists hardly notice a gentle incline, but cyclists do.
Motorists must always keep an eye out for pedestrians.
Motorists must leave at least a metre-wide buffer when passing cyclists.
Motorists must observe the Highway Code.
Motorists should anticipate traffic delays.
Mouflon are wild sheep native to Europe, Asia, and North Africa.
Mould appeared on my boots.
Mould began to form on the walls because of the damp.
Mouloud Feraoun is an Algerian novelist.
Mouloud Feraoun was an Algerian writer.
Mouloud Feraoun was one of Algeria's leading novelists.
Mouloud Mammeri and Mohammed Arkoun both studied the Quran in their native village.
Mouloud Mammeri and Mohammed Arkoun were born in the same village.
Mouloud Mammeri and Mohammed Arkoun were both Algerian.
Mouloud Mammeri has done a lot for the Berber language.
Mouloud Mammeri is a Berber Algerian militant.
Mouloud Mammeri is considered the father of the Berber language.
Mouloud Mammeri is featured on an Algerian postage stamp.
Mouloud Mammeri is one of Algeria's most famous writers.
Mouloud Mammeri is one of the giants of Algerian literature.
Mouloud Mammeri is one of the most admired intellectuals in Algeria.
Mouloud Mammeri opened the way to the mother tongue, Tamazight, in which we traced the Kabyle tongue.
Mouloud Mammeri was a brilliant Algerian writer.
Mouloud Mammeri was an Algerian intellectual.
Mouloud Mammeri was an Algerian writer and anthropologist.
Mouloud Mammeri was an Algerian writer.
Mouloud Mammeri was an all Algerian intellectual.
Mouloud Mammeri was one of Algeria's leading intellectuals.
Mouloud Mammeri was one of the greatest writers of Algeria.
Mouloud Mammeri, an Algerian author and anthropologist, was a man of extraordinary energy and productivity.
Mount Baekdu holds symbolic significance in Korean culture.
Mount Chokai is a colossal mountain in Akita.
Mount Elbrus is the highest mountain in Europe.
Mount Etna has erupted, sending lava and ash plumes into the Sicilian sky.
Mount Etna has erupted, showering Sicily in volcanic rock.
Mount Everest is also known as Qomolangma.
Mount Everest is eight thousand, eight hundred and forty-eight meters high.
Mount Everest is eight thousand, eight hundred and forty-eight metres high.
Mount Everest is located in the Himalayas.
Mount Everest is tall and big.
Mount Everest is the highest mountain in the world.
Mount Everest is the highest mountain on Earth.
Mount Everest is the highest peak in the world.
Mount Everest is the largest mountain in the whole world.
Mount Everest is the tallest mountain in the world.
Mount Everest is the tallest mountain on Earth.
Mount Everest is the world's highest peak.
Mount Everest is the world’s highest peak.
Mount Everest is, so to speak, the roof of the world.
Mount Everest's summit is the highest spot in the world.
Mount Fansipan is the highest mountain in Vietnam (3,143 m).
Mount Fuji could be seen in the distance.
Mount Fuji is Japan's most famous mountain.
Mount Fuji is a beautiful sight at sunset.
Mount Fuji is beautiful.
Mount Fuji is covered with snow.
Mount Fuji is extraordinary.
Mount Fuji is the highest mountain in Japan.
Mount Fuji is the tallest mountain in Japan.
Mount Kenya has the second highest summit on the African continent after Kilimanjaro.
Mount Kenya is the second highest mountain on the African continent after Kilimanjaro.
Mount Kilimanjaro is a dormant volcano located in Tanzania.
Mount Kilimanjaro is the highest mountain in Africa.
Mount Kilimanjaro is the highest mountain in Africa. Its majestic snowy landscape attracts mountaineers from across the world. In recent times, the snowline at its peak has been retreating year-on-year owing to global warming.
Mount Merapi, Indonesia’s most active volcano, erupted Monday, sending plumes of ash into the air and pyroclastic flows down its slopes for a second straight day.
Mount Olympus is the highest mountain in the solar system.
Mount Ontake erupted in Japan.
Mount Paektu holds symbolic significance in Korean culture.
Mount Sakurajima is one of the world's most active volcanoes.
Mount Sinabung had been inactive for 400 years until it erupted in 2010.
Mount St. Helens is a volcano located in the state of Washington.
Mount Tahat is Algeria's tallest mountain.
Mount Tahat is relatively easy to climb.
Mount Tahat is the highest point in Algeria.
Mount Wilson is the site where some of the key discoveries about our galaxy and universe were made in the early 20th century.
Mount the horse, please.
Mountain and desert Berbers resisted assimilation.
Mountain bike racing has caught on with young Japanese in the past few years.
Mountain climbing is a lot of fun.
Mountain climbing isn't something I really enjoy so much.
Mountain climbing isn't something that I really enjoy so much.
Mountain fires are thought of causing little harm with the only damage being the burning of trees and shrubs, but actually there's a hell of a 'hidden character'.
Mountain fires are thought of causing little harm with the only damage being the burning of trees and shrubs, but actually there’s a hell of a ’hidden character’.
Mountain lions can attack people.
Mountain lions can be extremely aggressive.
Mountain water is good for the health.
Mountaineering can teach people patience and tolerance.
Mountaineering is attractive especially to young people because it is accompanied with hardships and adventures.
Mountaineering is chock-a-block with terms that never need translating, because every mountaineer adopts them.
Mountaineering is not my idea of a good time.
Mountains are a defining characteristic in many cities and towns in Mexico.
Mountains are bigger than hills.
Mountains are dangerous when they are very snowy.
Mountains are not necessarily green.
Mountains at a distance of three miles formed an arc round the city, shielding it on three sides from the wind.
Mountains in the ocean and even whole ranges are still being discovered, and most of them have not yet been explored in detail.
Mountains like frozen wrinkles on a sea.
Mountains look better viewed from a distance.
Mountains three miles away formed an arc round the city, shielding it on three sides from the wind.
Mounted on the wind vane support is an anemometer, an instrument for measuring the velocity of the wind.
Mounting a horse is easy.
Mounting research blames a confluence of rising sea levels driven by global warming and the damming and dredging of key rivers and their tributaries for the rapid sinking and shrinking of Asia's seven major delta systems, from the Indus in Pakistan to the Pearl in China.
Mourners in Iceland gathered Sunday to bid a final farewell to 700-year-old Okjokull, the first Icelandic glacier lost to climate change.
Mourners paid their last respects Friday to late U.S. Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg as her casket was carried down the steps of the U.S. Capitol after she became the first woman to lie in state there.
Mourners wear black at funerals.
Mouse!
Moussa Dadis Camara led a military coup, seizing power, and suspending the constitution.
Mouth rinse will not remove plaque.
Mouths were too full for utterance but there was a unanimous bobbing of heads.
Mouthwash can get rid of bad breath.
Mouthwash is no substitute for regular brushing.
Movable type was invented in 11th-century China.
Move a little!
Move a step, and you'll be a dead man!
Move a step, and you’ll be a dead man!
Move ahead and make room for the others.
Move along now.
Move along! Nothing to see here!
Move along, please!
Move along, please.
Move along. There's nothing to see here.
Move aside.
Move away from me.
Move away from that girl.
Move away from the door.
Move away. I don't want to see your face.
Move back a little.
Move back, Tom.
Move back.
Move back. Tom's batting.
Move by yourselves.
Move carefully to avoid injury.
Move faster.
Move forward at full speed!
Move forward one step.
Move forward!
Move in here.
Move in with me.
Move in. Tom's batting.
Move into Ziri's room.
Move into the bus, please!
Move it along, Tom.
Move it up.
Move it!
Move it, Tom.
Move nearer so I can get a look at you!
Move north.
Move now.
Move on!
Move on, Tom.
Move on.
Move out of my way.
Move out of the way.
Move over a little if you please.
Move over and let me pass.
Move over there.
Move over, will you?
Move over.
Move past that problem.
Move quietly.
Move that boulder away from the barn.
Move that car from there.
Move the chair nearer to the desk.
Move the chair, please. It's in the way.
Move the child away from the fire!
Move the clothes from the washer to the dryer before they start to mildew.
Move the knob at the side of the seat forwards, collapse the seat.
Move the neck slowly from one side to the other. It's an excellent physical exercise.
Move the pawn to e4.
Move this stuff out of my way.
Move this table toward the corner.
Move this table towards the corner.
Move to Algeria.
Move to a better team.
Move to at jlil.
Move to phase 3.
Move to step number four.
Move to temizrit.
Move to the left.
Move to the right.
Move up to the front, please.
Move your arse!
Move your ass away.
Move your ass!
Move your ass.
Move your attention to something else.
Move your body.
Move your brussel sprouts over and make room for some delicious potatoes.
Move your butt!
Move your car from that spot.
Move your car, please.
Move your feet away from there.
Move your finger left or right to see another animal.
Move yourself!
Move!
Move! You're in my way.
Move! You’re in my way.
Move, I can't see the TV.
Move, and I'll blow your head off!
Move.
Moved the car into direct sunlight to check the windshield for any cracks or bullseyes.
Moved.
Movement is sensual.
Movements have results.
Movers don't like people who read books. But at least they have a good reason.
Movie financing arrangements are infamously byzantine, but he has set up an account that anyone who has put money into the movie can log on to and check to see the movie's expenses, grosses and their cut.
Movie making is an exciting job.
Movie studios are counting on new and improved sequels to make up for last summer’s poor showing at theater box offices.
Movie theaters are losing more and more revenue due to internet piracy.
Movie theaters are so loud nowadays.
Movies and television shows can make communicating with space look easy.
Movies and television shows can make communicating with space look easy. Astronauts on far off planets video chat with loved ones on Earth with crystal clear quality and no delay. Do these imagined communications capabilities match reality? Not really.
Movies are a great diversion.
Movies are a great way to learn languages, but especially kids movies, since the themes are simpler.
Movies are scripted. Real life is not.
Movies aren't real.
Movies by Greenaway are all noticeably arty.
Movies involving anthropomorphic animals have been around for almost a century, most notably Disney movies.
Movies like this used to make me cry.
Movies often come to a happy end.
Movies often reflect the reality of lurking threats.
Movies these days are full of sex.
Moving a huge boulder is going to be very hard.
Moving about gives Americans a great pleasure.
Moving at speeds of up to eight feet per second, rip currents can move faster than an Olympic swimmer.
Moving away to a foreign country is a big chance in anybody's life. Have you talked this over with your parents yet?
Moving from one place to another is always an adventure. No amount of research can prepare you for the surprises you will find in the new place. This is often the case with international students in the United States. Around major American holidays, international students often find themselves in uncharted waters, which they learn to navigate with time.
Moving here in Kabylie is the best decision I have ever made in my life.
Moving in to kiss her, Lee succeeded only in sticking his nose into Céline's eyeball – not an auspicious beginning.
Moving into the new office took her one month.
Moving money and technology from one side of the globe to the other is not enough.
Moving past the pain inflicted by others isn't easy.
Moving to Algeria was for him a dream come true.
Moving to Algiers was quite a big change for Ziri.
Moving to Kabylie was his worst decision.
Moving to a new country can be both exhilarating and stressful.
Moving to a new house or city can increase happiness, but the relationship is not as straightforward as one might think.
Moving to a smaller place will reduce the expenses.
Moving to the new house took us five days because we did not rent a truck.
Mow the lawn.
Mow your lawn.
Mowgli was a human raised by wolves.
Mowing the lawn is one of Tom's chores.
Mowing the lawn is one of Tom's jobs.
Mozabites have created an agricultural miracle in the barren lands of the Mzab Valley.
Mozambique is called "Moçambique" in Portuguese.
Mozambique? He doesn't even know where that is.
Mozart cultivated many musical genres.
Mozart died in 1791.
Mozart is one of my favorite composers.
Mozart passed away 200 years ago.
Mozart was a child prodigy.
Mozart was brought up to be a musician.
Mozart was five years old when he wrote his first piece.
Mozart was greater than any other composer of his time.
Mozart went on a concert tour with his sister when he was six years old.
Mozart wrote brilliant, complex musical compositions as easily as you or I would write a letter.
Mozart's Clarinet Concerto is not included in the CD you bought.
Mozart's birthplace is Salzburg.
Mozart's life was very short.
Mozart, who was originally from Salzburg, composed the Magic Flute.
Mozart: one of the great musical prodigies of all time.
Mozart’s life was very short.
Mozi proclaims: to have music is wrong.
Mozilla made a new browser called Firefox Quantum.
Mozzarella di bufala is a mozzarella cheese made from the milk of an Italian Mediterranean buffalo.
Mozzarella di bufala is made from the milk of water buffalo.
Mr Abdelmadjid Tebboune is Algeria's new president.
Mr Adams was foolish to agree to the proposal.
Mr Aoyama has a large family to support.
Mr Baker is not so much a scholar as a writer.
Mr Baker is not so much a teacher as a scholar.
Mr Bakir is my Arabic teacher.
Mr Bakir is my economics teacher.
Mr Bakir is my science teacher.
Mr Bakir is our geometry teacher.
Mr Bakir is our theater teacher.
Mr Bakir is the leader teacher.
Mr Bakir was a good teacher.
Mr Bakir was a young attractive teacher.
Mr Bakir was our gym teacher.
Mr Bakir was substituting for our math teacher.
Mr Bakir was the best teacher ever.
Mr Balboa is so well known as to need no introduction.
Mr Basri loves his wife.
Mr Bates is a wealthy industrialist, he won't have time for someone like you.
Mr Briggs is no doctor, he is a butcher.
Mr Briggs is not a doctor, he is a vet.
Mr Briggs is not any doctor, he is an excellent surgeon.
Mr Brown always carries a book with him.
Mr Brown always carries a book.
Mr Brown belongs to the upper class.
Mr Brown came to see you were out.
Mr Brown contracted with the builder for a new house.
Mr Brown gave me your name.
Mr Brown has a magical way with children.
Mr Brown has four children.
Mr Brown is a doctor.
Mr Brown is a wool merchant.
Mr Brown is her father.
Mr Brown is in charge of our class.
Mr Brown is in the sunset of his life.
Mr Brown is jealous of his colleague's success.
Mr Brown is jealous of his colleague’s success.
Mr Brown is looked up to by all the students.
Mr Brown is looking for his own glasses.
Mr Brown is not as old as he looks.
Mr Brown is our English teacher.
Mr Brown is our financial adviser.
Mr Brown left for England on May 15.
Mr Brown speaks Japanese very well.
Mr Brown teaches at Harvard.
Mr Brown took charge of this class last year.
Mr Brown travelled to England on 15 May.
Mr Brown travelled to England on the 15th of May.
Mr Brown travelled to England on the fifteenth of May.
Mr Brown was acting in the capacity of ambassador.
Mr Brown was ill back then.
Mr Brown was sick at the time.
Mr Bush, principal of our school, graduated from Yale.
Mr Cheng, who is now a member of the Académie, didn't speak a word of French when he first arrived in France.
Mr Colcott came to like Japanese food.
Mr Croft was comfortable with his cushy sinecure.
Mr Crouch, what do you do?
Mr David seems tired.
Mr Davis looks very tired.
Mr Dupont doesn't want to work with me anymore.
Mr Eliot's niece goes to a women's college.
Mr Eliot’s niece goes to a women’s college.
Mr Ford is all right now.
Mr Ford is what is called a self-made man.
Mr Ford owns this land.
Mr Frost is eligible for the post.
Mr Fujimori is famous all over the world.
Mr Gardner of ABC Corporation is staying at the Marriott Hotel between 20–27 February, and would like very much to meet you.
Mr Gardner of ABC Corporation is staying at the Marriott Hotel during Feb 20-27, and would like very much to meet with you.
Mr George Bush is the forty-first president of the United States.
Mr George is liked by all the students.
Mr Gilmore is not so well known as to need no introduction.
Mr Gilmore is not so well-known as to need no introduction.
Mr Gilmore is so well known as to need no introduction.
Mr Gilmore is so well-known as to need no introduction.
Mr Gomez didn't excuse me for my mistake.
Mr Gomez didn’t excuse me for my mistake.
Mr Gorbachev, tear down this wall!
Mr Gray was the first man that arrived.
Mr Green is a history teacher.
Mr Green is a teacher of history.
Mr Green is anything but a good teacher.
Mr Green keeps a little dog.
Mr Green, you are wanted on the phone.
Mr Grey did not enjoy his job.
Mr Hansen wasn't angry; rather, he was just deeply disappointed, and that had a far greater effect on us than had he been angry.
Mr Hashimoto is known to everyone.
Mr Hashimoto started the engine.
Mr Hashimoto was confused by Ken's question.
Mr Hashimoto was confused by Ken’s question.
Mr Hashimoto was puzzled by Ken's question.
Mr Hata told us on television some interesting stories about various animals.
Mr Hawk is a kind gentleman.
Mr Hayakawa was respected by him.
Mr Hill went on a journey to Japan yesterday.
Mr Hirano is looked up to as an excellent engineer.
Mr Hirayama is a very good teacher.
Mr Hirayama teaches very well.
Mr Hirose teaches the students English grammar.
Mr Hobson closed the shop and went home.
Mr Hobson has closed the shop and gone home.
Mr Hobson shut the shop and went home.
Mr Hopkins spoke in such a loud voice that I could hear him upstairs.
Mr Hoshino is hard to please.
Mr Hunt is principal of our school.
Mr Ichiro Fukuoka, a close friend of mine, would very much like to meet you.
Mr Ikeda wants to buy a new car.
Mr Ito is a highly educated man.
Mr Ito loosened his tie because he felt hot in his office.
Mr Ito teaches history.
Mr Ito will call the roll.
Mr Iuchi has no one to fall back on.
Mr Jackson carved a marionette from a wood log and named it Tom.
Mr Jackson has recently transferred to Tokyo from Los Angeles.
Mr Joel is now on duty.
Mr Johnson believes that Palestinians don't deserve to be helped because they are not blond like us.
Mr Johnson insists on his theory.
Mr Johnson is a lawyer. He will be having three clients this afternoon.
Mr Johnson is a rich man.
Mr Johnson is not a scholar but a poet.
Mr Johnson is older than I thought he was.
Mr Johnson is self-employed and is in the business of repairing furniture.
Mr Johnson is, as it were, a walking dictionary.
Mr Johnson ran fastest of the three.
Mr Johnson said that Palestinians don't have blue eyes.
Mr Johnson says that Palestinians aren't blue-eyed.
Mr Johnson suddenly changed his mind and signed the contract.
Mr Johnson thinks that Palestinians aren't civilised.
Mr Johnson was concerned about the amount of money that was being lost because of careless management.
Mr Johnson's house is next to my house.
Mr Johnson's was a large room.
Mr Johnson, president of the club, will soon come.
Mr Johnson’s house is next to my house.
Mr Johnson’s was a large room.
Mr Jones believes in hard work and profits.
Mr Jones hasn't been here, as far as I know.
Mr Jones hasn’t been here as far as I know.
Mr Jones is sick and Mr Brown will teach in his place today.
Mr Jones is tasting the soup his wife made.
Mr Jones is very sensitive to the nuances of English and American usage.
Mr Jones made Mary go to the dentist.
Mr Jones reprimanded me for taking a spot of shut-eye during class.
Mr Jones said something then.
Mr Jones teaches us English conversation.
Mr Jones was looked upon as a great scholar.
Mr Jones, whose wife teaches English, is himself a professor of English.
Mr Jordan is chairperson.
Mr Jordan sat down beside him.
Mr Jordan was a little surprised.
Mr Jordan woke up suddenly.
Mr Kaifu is used to making speeches in public.
Mr Kato is a teacher.
Mr Kato teaches us English.
Mr Kato was too old to work any longer.
Mr Kato, who lives in Paris, misses his family left at home.
Mr Kawabata writes a letter home every year.
Mr Ken Takakura just isn't used to his new job.
Mr Ken Takakura just isn’t used to his new job.
Mr Kennedy pointed out our mistakes.
Mr Kennedy was inaugurated as the President of the United States.
Mr Kinoshita left his glasses behind in the office yesterday evening.
Mr Kinoshita left his glasses behind in the office yesterday.
Mr Koizumi is now sure of election.
Mr Koizumi is really full of himself.
Mr Koizumi succeeded Mr Mori as prime minister.
Mr Koizumi thinks an awful lot of himself.
Mr Koizumi was elected the new president of Japan's ruling Liberal Democratic Party.
Mr Koizumi was elected the new president of Japan’s ruling Liberal Democratic Party.
Mr Kojima had a smoke after breakfast.
Mr Kondo is the most hardworking in his company.
Mr Koop would be the last person to take a bribe.
Mr Lee is a good orator.
Mr Lee is a good speaker.
Mr Lin, will you be at school tomorrow?
Mr Long and Mr Smith spoke to each other.
Mr Mailer is to stay here till tomorrow.
Mr Masuzoe always has lots of books with him.
Mr Miller is my son Tom's form teacher.
Mr Miller is my son's form teacher.
Mr Miller is the form teacher of my son Tom.
Mr Mitchel demanded that I pay the rest of the money by the end of the week.
Mr Mitsue dropped in on me yesterday.
Mr Miura brought an action of libel against a weekly magazine.
Mr Miyake showed me lots of places during my stay in Kurashiki.
Mr Morikawa is always complaining about something.
Mr Morikawa’s continually complaining about something.
Mr Murata, this is my friend Lisa.
Mr Nakajima can, as well as English, speak fluent German.
Mr Nakamura is at home.
Mr Nakamura went bar hopping in Tokyo.
Mr Nakamura went on a pub crawl in Tokyo.
Mr Newman often comes to Japan.
Mr Norton is pleasant to work with.
Mr Ogata, the author of this book, used to be a newspaperman.
Mr Ou has come to Japan to study Japanese.
Mr Parker tried eating with chopsticks.
Mr Philips, along with some friends and neighbors, is planning a celebration.
Mr Potter keeps himself in good condition by going jogging every day.
Mr President, first I would like to state quite briefly that we are now dealing with such a colossal issue that nobody can afford to blame anyone in any event.
Mr President, it was yearning for democracy that brought down the Berlin Wall.
Mr Pryor collapsed with a subarachnoid haemorrhage when rehearsing for a performance in Paris. He was taken to local hospital but passed away at 4:23 pm.
Mr Rich acknowledged her favor.
Mr Robinson didn't write the novel.
Mr Robinson didn’t write the novel.
Mr Rogers and Ms Smith announced their engagement yesterday.
Mr Sano speaks French with great fluency.
Mr Sato called at eleven.
Mr Sato is on another line. Will you hold the line a minute?
Mr Sato practices archery in the weekends.
Mr Sato ran a supermarket in his hometown before he came to Tokyo.
Mr Sato speaks English well.
Mr Sato was standing on top of a boulder.
Mr Shrek of the swamplands lived happily in the backwoods until an adventure came knocking at his door.
Mr Smith always begins his lectures with a joke.
Mr Smith and I have been acquainted with each other for a long time.
Mr Smith carried out the plan successfully.
Mr Smith doesn't speak English, does he?
Mr Smith drilled them in English pronunciation.
Mr Smith drinks coffee.
Mr Smith forgot to take his commuter ticket.
Mr Smith founded this school forty years ago.
Mr Smith gave a lecture on literature.
Mr Smith had his letter typed.
Mr Smith had three sons who became engineers.
Mr Smith has gone out to lunch.
Mr Smith has lived in Kyoto for three years.
Mr Smith has not turned up yet though he promised to come.
Mr Smith hasn't turned up yet though he promised to come.
Mr Smith hasn't turned up yet though he promised to.
Mr Smith hasn’t turned up yet though he promised to come.
Mr Smith hasn’t turned up yet though he promised to.
Mr Smith is a candidate for mayor.
Mr Smith is a doctor by profession.
Mr Smith is a good teacher.
Mr Smith is a softly-spoken person.
Mr Smith is accused of breach of contract.
Mr Smith is an acquaintance of hers.
Mr Smith is an eminent violinist.
Mr Smith is cleaning his room.
Mr Smith is drinking coffee.
Mr Smith is in charge of the class.
Mr Smith is now on duty.
Mr Smith is now president of this company.
Mr Smith is pleased at his son's success.
Mr Smith is pleased at his son’s success.
Mr Smith is poor but he has seen better days.
Mr Smith is too polite to say anything bad about others.
Mr Smith is vulnerable to this kind of criticism.
Mr Smith is within shouting distance.
Mr Smith left Japan this morning.
Mr Smith lived in Kyoto three years ago.
Mr Smith lives in Kyoto now.
Mr Smith lost his way in the dense fog.
Mr Smith made her his secretary.
Mr Smith made him a doctor.
Mr Smith made him some toys.
Mr Smith made it a rule to take a walk every morning.
Mr Smith married his daughter to a doctor.
Mr Smith proposed marriage to Jane.
Mr Smith said, "There's no need for the Marines."
Mr Smith said, "There’s no need for the Marines."
Mr Smith says he was born in New York, but that his wife comes from Japan.
Mr Smith says, "I was born in New York, but my wife comes San Francisco."
Mr Smith says, "I was born in New York, but my wife comes from San Francisco."
Mr Smith says, "I was born in New York."
Mr Smith spoke so fast I couldn't take in what he said.
Mr Smith spoke so fast I couldn’t take in what he said.
Mr Smith studied Chinese history.
Mr Smith sued them for damages.
Mr Smith takes a good deal of exercise before breakfast.
Mr Smith teaches me English.
Mr Smith thinks that he's a big shot.
Mr Smith thinks that he’s a big shot.
Mr Smith was announced as the succeeding chairman.
Mr Smith was bereaved of his wife.
Mr Smith's class was called off because he was sick.
Mr Smith, as I knew him, was a modest man.
Mr Smith, better speak English. I can't understand your French at all.
Mr Smith, the company doesn't need you any longer.
Mr Smith, whose car I borrowed for this trip, is a rich lawyer.
Mr Smith’s class was called off because he was sick.
Mr So-and-So is dead. Why would I bother going to his funeral since, I am certain, he won't come to mine?
Mr So-and-so called today.
Mr Soarez has been my close friend for years.
Mr Suzuki has three daughters.
Mr Suzuki is a great scientist.
Mr Suzuki is not a dentist but a physician.
Mr Suzuki may well be proud of his son.
Mr Suzuki persuaded his son to drop his plan to study abroad.
Mr Suzuki teaches us English.
Mr Suzuki, as far as I know, has not returned from Hawaii yet.
Mr Suzuki, our new teacher, teaches us English.
Mr Suzuki, who is a former Prime Minister, will be chairman of the committee.
Mr T (19 years old) avoided conviction for murder, but was found guilty of grievous bodily harm for having intentionally caused wounds.
Mr Takagi, who's lived here 16 years, was also surprised.
Mr Takagi, who’s lived here 16 years, was also surprised.
Mr Takahashi gave us some homework.
Mr Takahashi was my boss.
Mr Tamori, may I introduce Mr Sanma Akashiya?
Mr Tamura succeeded in the business world.
Mr Tanabe became unemployed.
Mr Tanabe is out now.
Mr Tanaka appears very rich.
Mr Tanaka called during your absence.
Mr Tanaka had trained sufficiently.
Mr Tanaka is a chivalrous man.
Mr Tanaka is a doctor, isn't he?
Mr Tanaka is a doctor, isn’t he?
Mr Tanaka is a friend of ours.
Mr Tanaka is not at his desk right now.
Mr Tanaka is our teacher of English.
Mr Tanaka makes a living by running a small stationery shop near the station.
Mr Tanaka makes a living running a small stationery shop near the station.
Mr Tanaka showed us many pictures of his newborn baby.
Mr Tanaka, if anything, is an honest man.
Mr Tanaka, you are wanted on the phone.
Mr Tani and his wife were present at that party.
Mr Tani is not so much a scholar as a journalist.
Mr Tatuya deals in grain.
Mr Taylor wishes he had not come to the party.
Mr Tebboune has a big country to run.
Mr Thomas is a very able teacher.
Mr Thomas will be able to solve the problem.
Mr Thompson had lived in Tokyo for two years before he went back to Scotland.
Mr Thompson has been very busy today.
Mr Togawa was nominated for mayor.
Mr Tom Jones has agreed to serve as the project leader for this new work item.
Mr Turner bade farewell to his colleagues.
Mr Umemura teaches us English.
Mr Wall put off going to the dentist's.
Mr Wall put off going to the dentist’s.
Mr Wang is from China.
Mr What's-his-name phoned you.
Mr What's-his-name rang you.
Mr White and I are not friends, only acquaintances.
Mr White appeared for him in court.
Mr White arrives in Tokyo at 10:30.
Mr White called his assistant over and said the following:
Mr White has gone to Canada.
Mr White has gone to India.
Mr White is a man of reason.
Mr White is about my age.
Mr White is doing very well so far.
Mr White is in charge of our class.
Mr White made a few comments on my speech.
Mr White punished the boy for cheating in the exam.
Mr White punished the boy for cheating on the examination.
Mr White read out some letters of thanks to his students.
Mr White said that because of the convention, there were no rooms available.
Mr White seems to have many friends.
Mr White soon began to feel guilty.
Mr White teaches us English.
Mr White wanted to help them.
Mr White was the manager of a hotel in Springfield.
Mr White's garden is large.
Mr White's yard is large.
Mr White’s yard is large.
Mr Wilder gave me your e-mail address.
Mr Williams carries that section.
Mr Wilson is angry with Dennis.
Mr Wilson is proud of his house.
Mr Wilson likes him to play square.
Mr Wilson made us repeat the sentence several times.
Mr Wood came into the field.
Mr Wood came to the door and spoke to Tony's mother.
Mr Wood came to the door and spoke to Tony’s mother.
Mr Wood didn't have any kids.
Mr Wood had no sons.
Mr Wood has his secretary type his letters.
Mr Wood loved Linda dearly.
Mr Wood was like a father to Tony.
Mr Wright speaks Japanese as if it were his mother tongue.
Mr Yamada frowned on the estimate presented by a travel agency.
Mr Yamada gives us a lot of homework every day.
Mr Yamada is in charge of the personnel section.
Mr Yamada lives in the suburbs of Tokyo.
Mr Yamada sets us a lot of homework each day.
Mr Yamada was kind enough to drive me home.
Mr Yamada, may I introduce Miss Lloyd?
Mr Yamada, may I introduce you to Ms Lloyd?
Mr Yamada, there's a call for you.
Mr Yamada, there's a phone call for you.
Mr Yamada, you are wanted on the phone.
Mr Yamaha filled the big tray in his living room with walnuts.
Mr Yamaha gave some walnuts to a beggar.
Mr Yoshida directed me to come at once.
Mr Yoshida is at home in French history.
Mr Yoshida is too severe with his children.
Mr Yoshida never breaks his promise.
Mr Yoshida was born in Yamagata prefecture, and graduated from Nihon University College of Art with a degree in oil painting.
Mr Yoshimoto taught us many trivial matters.
Mr Young has no less than six cars.
Mr and Mrs Jones pay their servants every week.
Mr and Mrs N are coming round this evening.
Mr and Mrs N are coming to see us this evening.
Mr and Mrs Siqueira are Helena's parents.
Mr and Mrs West are on honeymoon.
Mr and Mrs West are on their honeymoon.
Mr von Hagen, may I take occasion to enquire of your attire as you lay on your tum feeling rum in a hospital bed in Copenhagen?
Mr. Adams was foolish to agree to the proposal.
Mr. Alec ran down to see what was the matter.
Mr. Anton spoke to them coldly.
Mr. Aoyama has a large family to support.
Mr. Arek, please contact with the management.
Mr. Bacon is a vegetarian.
Mr. Bakir is waiting for me.
Mr. Bakir prohibited Layla from entering the premises.
Mr. Bandera says it has been decided the debate will cover four themes; social, foreign, internal, and economic policies. He says each candidate will be allowed to make a three-minute opening statement, as well as a five-minute closing statement.
Mr. Basri loves his wife.
Mr. Bean is so funny!
Mr. Bell is due to make a speech tonight.
Mr. Bennet's property consisted almost entirely in an estate of two thousand a year, which, unfortunately for his daughters, was entailed, in default of heirs male, on a distant relation.
Mr. Bennet’s property consisted almost entirely in an estate of two thousand a year, which, unfortunately for his daughters, was entailed, in default of heirs male, on a distant relation.
Mr. Berg is helping you.
Mr. Bergerac, I'm your cousin.
Mr. Bernardo is a nice colleague, in comparison to Mr. Citrono.
Mr. Bingley inherited property to the amount of nearly a hundred thousand pounds from his father.
Mr. Bingley was good-looking and gentlemanlike; he had a pleasant countenance, and easy, unaffected manners.
Mr. Bolanos is the third president to assume office since that time and the economy continues to be the main concern of most Nicaraguans.
Mr. Bronstone says the mere fact barges are available keeps the costs of truck and rail transport competitive. Although barge traffic is slower, the vessels carry 15 times more than the average rail car and 60 times more than a tractor-trailer truck. A rise or decline in barge traffic could have a significant impact on the nation's highway system.
Mr. Brown always carries a book with him.
Mr. Brown gave me your name.
Mr. Brown has a magical way with children.
Mr. Brown has four children.
Mr. Brown is a wool merchant.
Mr. Brown is in charge of our class.
Mr. Brown is in charge of the business in the absence of the manager.
Mr. Brown is looking for his glasses.
Mr. Brown is our English teacher.
Mr. Brown is teaching his son Chinese.
Mr. Brown is younger than you think.
Mr. Brown made his son learn Chinese.
Mr. Brown teaches us English.
Mr. Brown took charge of this class last year.
Mr. Brown's unique style of teaching left an indelible mark on generations of students.
Mr. Brown, a friend from Oregon, will visit us tomorrow.
Mr. Brown’s unique style of teaching left an indelible mark on generations of students.
Mr. Bush had slightly more votes than Mr. Gore.
Mr. Bush is President.
Mr. Bush is a president.
Mr. Cameron forgot his daughter at the pub.
Mr. Carlyle harangued the populace from the balcony of the Buck's Head.
Mr. Carter called for some more beer and told the barmaid to put a little gin in it.
Mr. Cauley's extremely dishonorable business conduct earned him high-fives and back-pats around the office and the bar.
Mr. Cauley’s extremely dishonorable business conduct earned him high-fives and back-pats around the office and the bar.
Mr. Charles Baskerville gave this family paper to me.
Mr. Children is very popular among young people.
Mr. Chirac said that by commemorating the abolition of slavery, France is also celebrating its diverse, yet united, ethnicities.
Mr. Clinton was governor of Arkansas at the time.
Mr. Cohen taught us math.
Mr. Cowles' studies showed how plant communities could make important changes in land. His work demonstrated how groups of plants could create conditions for a sand dune to become a living forest. He became a well-known professor and researcher. The work of Henry Chandler Cowles in the Indiana Dunes helped spread the science of ecology throughout the world.
Mr. Cressman says control operations are still underway in the Sahelian countries and these will continue until the end of the year, at least until the locusts are gone. At the same time, ground and aerial control operations are already in progress in Morocco and Algeria in response to the incoming swarms from the Sahelian countries. Mr. Cressman says a two-pronged strategy is in place.
Mr. Cressman says the number of locusts might not be reduced in the Maghreb countries until the beginning of the spring rains. That is four months away. During this time locusts will breed and multiply and then move south again. But there are no longer fears of a regional plague.
Mr. Crouch, what are you doing?
Mr. Cunningham saw him from the bedroom window, and Mr. Alec Cunningham saw him from the back passage.
Mr. Curtis, won't you please sit down again?
Mr. Darcy asked him why he had not married your sister at once.
Mr. Darcy is engaged to my daughter.
Mr. Davis is still at the house of the thirty.
Mr. Davis looks very tired.
Mr. Director writes a letter.
Mr. Dupont is an outstanding violinist.
Mr. Eliot's niece goes to a women's college.
Mr. Erdogan will not only see Mr. Chirac and Prime Minister Jean-Pierre Raffarin during his three-day visit. He has also scheduled meetings with French businessmen, the two main political parties and representatives of France's sizable Turkish community. The Turkish leader says he will emphasize how his government has adapted its laws to those of the EU, and explain that the vast majority of Turks see EU membership as a national project to modernize and Westernize their country.
Mr. Esperanto is well, isn't he?
Mr. Federer is challenging the call on the right sideline. The ball was called out.
Mr. Flynt and his associates made normalizing taboos their business.
Mr. Ford is all right now.
Mr. Ford is what is called a self-made man.
Mr. Ford owns this land.
Mr. Fuji died, leaving 4 children behind him.
Mr. Fujimori is famous all over the world.
Mr. GarcÃ­a is very nice.
Mr. García is very nice.
Mr. Gardiner left them soon after breakfast.
Mr. Gardner of the ABC Corporation is staying at the Marriott Hotel from February 20th to the 27th, and would like very much to meet with you.
Mr. George told British radio that the crisis is troublesome, but manageable.
Mr. Glass did not, like most successful humorists, begin as a writer of tragedy.
Mr. Goat Butt never told me there would be a partner.
Mr. Gonteanu tries to teach his son how to drive.
Mr. Gorbachev, open this gate. Mr. Gorbachev, Mr. Gorbachev, tear down this wall!
Mr. Grant Munro pushed impatiently forward, and we stumbled after him as best we could.
Mr. Grant is the oldest of the elders, Mr. Smith is the youngest.
Mr. Gray was the first man that arrived.
Mr. Gray was the first to arrive.
Mr. Green is a history teacher.
Mr. Green, you are wanted on the phone.
Mr. Grey didn't enjoy his work.
Mr. Grey didn’t enjoy his work.
Mr. Grimm is a history teacher.
Mr. Haney says the experiments show up some unpleasant truths about how abominably people behave under the right conditions.
Mr. Harper's point is that cutting deficits too little or too slowly hurts investor confidence. But if nations make the cuts too deeply or too quickly, they risk losing the potential economic stimulus generated by government spending, something that critics say could push the global economy back into recession.
Mr. Harrison could not have been considered a handsome man; he was short and fat and bald; and now, with his round face purple with rage and his prominent blue eyes almost sticking out of his head, Anne thought he was really the ugliest person she had ever seen.
Mr. Harrison kept a parrot called Ginger.
Mr. Harrison told her where to find the bread and butter and a can of peaches.
Mr. Harrison was sitting on his vineshaded veranda, in his shirt sleeves, enjoying his evening pipe.
Mr. Harrison was their new righthand neighbor and she had never met him before, although she had seen him once or twice.
Mr. Harrison was very sensitive about his bald head.
Mr. Hashimoto is fair to us.
Mr. Hashimoto started the engine.
Mr. Hashimoto was confused by Ken's question.
Mr. Hawk is a kind gentleman.
Mr. Hirayama is a very good teacher.
Mr. Hobson closed the store and went home.
Mr. Hoffman also planted asparagus around a tree at its drip line, the area below the outer limit of the branches.
Mr. Holmes, if ever you put forward your full powers, I implore you to do so now, for never in your life could you have a case which is more worthy of them.
Mr. Holmes, you are very interesting to me.
Mr. Hoshino is hard to please.
Mr. Hungerton, her father, really was the most tactless person upon earth—a fluffy, feathery, untidy cockatoo of a man, perfectly good-natured, but absolutely centred upon his own silly self.
Mr. Hunt is the principal of our school.
Mr. Hurst looked at her with astonishment.
Mr. Ichiro Fukuoka, a close friend of mine, would like to meet you.
Mr. Ikeda wants to buy a new car.
Mr. Inglethorp was in the drawing-room when I came down to supper.
Mr. Ito is a highly educated man.
Mr. Ito teaches history.
Mr. Ito wants to see you.
Mr. Itoh will call the roll.
Mr. Iuchi doesn't have anyone that helps him.
Mr. Iuchi has no one to help him.
Mr. Jackson advised Tom to study harder.
Mr. Jackson almost never praises his students.
Mr. Jackson caught Tom drinking on school property.
Mr. Jackson caught Tom sleeping in class.
Mr. Jackson certainly was an excellent teacher.
Mr. Jackson doesn't accept gifts from students.
Mr. Jackson doesn't pay me enough for that.
Mr. Jackson fired John.
Mr. Jackson fits the archetype of a wizard.
Mr. Jackson gave us some homework.
Mr. Jackson gives us a lot of homework every day.
Mr. Jackson gives us a lot of homework.
Mr. Jackson had each of his students write their names on the blackboard.
Mr. Jackson hardly ever praises his students.
Mr. Jackson has been a teacher for thirty years.
Mr. Jackson has been teaching us French for three years.
Mr. Jackson has recently transferred to Tokyo from Los Angeles.
Mr. Jackson is Tom's French teacher.
Mr. Jackson is Tom's homeroom teacher.
Mr. Jackson is Tom's teacher.
Mr. Jackson is a good teacher.
Mr. Jackson is a great teacher.
Mr. Jackson is a history teacher.
Mr. Jackson is a mean teacher.
Mr. Jackson is a music teacher.
Mr. Jackson is a terrible teacher.
Mr. Jackson is a very bad teacher.
Mr. Jackson is a very good teacher.
Mr. Jackson is a very strict teacher and many students don't like him.
Mr. Jackson is a very strict teacher.
Mr. Jackson is an avaricious old man.
Mr. Jackson is expecting you, sir.
Mr. Jackson is going to be our French teacher next year.
Mr. Jackson is in a very important meeting right now.
Mr. Jackson is in the classroom with his students.
Mr. Jackson is in the hospital, so I'll be teaching his classes today.
Mr. Jackson is in the hospital, so I'll be your teacher for the next three weeks.
Mr. Jackson is my French teacher.
Mr. Jackson is my favorite teacher.
Mr. Jackson is my gym teacher.
Mr. Jackson is my history teacher.
Mr. Jackson is my homeroom teacher.
Mr. Jackson is my science teacher this year.
Mr. Jackson is my third-period teacher.
Mr. Jackson is one of my favorite teachers.
Mr. Jackson is one of my professors.
Mr. Jackson is one of my teachers.
Mr. Jackson is our French teacher.
Mr. Jackson is our biology teacher.
Mr. Jackson is our drama teacher.
Mr. Jackson is our gym teacher.
Mr. Jackson is our history teacher.
Mr. Jackson is our homeroom teacher.
Mr. Jackson is our math teacher.
Mr. Jackson is our new French teacher.
Mr. Jackson is our principal.
Mr. Jackson is our science teacher this year.
Mr. Jackson is our science teacher.
Mr. Jackson is our substitute teacher today.
Mr. Jackson is our teacher.
Mr. Jackson is paying me under the table.
Mr. Jackson is the best French teacher I've ever had.
Mr. Jackson is the best teacher I've ever had.
Mr. Jackson is the most popular teacher at our school.
Mr. Jackson is the new French teacher.
Mr. Jackson is the principal of our school.
Mr. Jackson is the principal of the high school that Tom goes to.
Mr. Jackson is the teacher who gives us the most homework.
Mr. Jackson is the worst teacher I've ever had.
Mr. Jackson is the worst teacher.
Mr. Jackson is very strict.
Mr. Jackson is your teacher, isn't he?
Mr. Jackson isn't a very strict teacher.
Mr. Jackson isn't in the classroom with his students.
Mr. Jackson isn't my teacher.
Mr. Jackson kicked one of his students out of class.
Mr. Jackson let Tom retake the exam.
Mr. Jackson let his students leave early.
Mr. Jackson made his students work hard.
Mr. Jackson made me stay after class.
Mr. Jackson may be our teacher next year.
Mr. Jackson might be our teacher next year.
Mr. Jackson never loses his temper with his students.
Mr. Jackson opened a bag of cookies and gave one cookie to each student in his class.
Mr. Jackson picked up a yardstick and measured.
Mr. Jackson rarely praises his students.
Mr. Jackson said he'll be giving us a test tomorrow in his class.
Mr. Jackson said that he'd be giving us a test tomorrow in his class.
Mr. Jackson seems to be out at the moment.
Mr. Jackson seldom praises his students.
Mr. Jackson sent Tom to the principal's office.
Mr. Jackson showed his students how to put out a fire with a fire extinguisher.
Mr. Jackson somehow knew Tom had done my homework for me.
Mr. Jackson somehow knew that Tom had done my homework for me.
Mr. Jackson teaches music.
Mr. Jackson teaches us French.
Mr. Jackson teaches us history.
Mr. Jackson teaches us music.
Mr. Jackson told Tom to pay attention.
Mr. Jackson told his students to be quiet.
Mr. Jackson was Tom's French teacher for three years.
Mr. Jackson was a good teacher.
Mr. Jackson was a great teacher.
Mr. Jackson was a really nice teacher.
Mr. Jackson was a very bad teacher.
Mr. Jackson was a very strict teacher.
Mr. Jackson was getting ready to start his lecture.
Mr. Jackson was my French teacher when I was in high school.
Mr. Jackson was my French teacher.
Mr. Jackson was my favorite teacher.
Mr. Jackson was my math teacher.
Mr. Jackson was my science teacher last year.
Mr. Jackson was my third grade teacher.
Mr. Jackson was my worst teacher in high school.
Mr. Jackson was our substitute teacher today.
Mr. Jackson was such a bad teacher.
Mr. Jackson was the best English teacher I've ever had.
Mr. Jackson was the best teacher I ever had.
Mr. Jackson was the best teacher I had when I was in high school.
Mr. Jackson was the worst teacher I ever had.
Mr. Jackson wasn't a very strict teacher.
Mr. Jackson wasn't my teacher.
Mr. Jackson's first name was never mentioned.
Mr. Jackson's lecture was boring.
Mr. Jackson's students worshipped him.
Mr. Jackson's tests are really difficult.
Mr. Jackson's tests are really hard.
Mr. Jackson, what's your first name?
Mr. Jackson, your rebuttal.
Mr. Jackson, your son has died of an overdose.
Mr. Jarvis Lorry, are you a clerk in Tellson's bank?
Mr. Joel is now on duty.
Mr. John's older than I thought.
Mr. Johnson is a wonderful music teacher.
Mr. Johnson is older than I thought he was.
Mr. Johnson isn't in his house now.
Mr. Johnson isn’t in his house now.
Mr. Johnson's room was a large one.
Mr. Johnson's room was a large room.
Mr. Johnson's workers are loyal to him.
Mr. Johnson’s room was a large one.
Mr. Johnson’s room was a large room.
Mr. Johnson’s workers are loyal to him.
Mr. Jones had Mary go to the dentist.
Mr. Jones hasn't been here as far as I know.
Mr. Jones is not feeling well, so I will be your substitute teacher today.
Mr. Jones is tasting the soup his wife made.
Mr. Jones made Mary go to the dentist.
Mr. Jones reprimanded me for falling asleep during class.
Mr. Jones was born in the United States.
Mr. Jordan is the chairman.
Mr. Jordan is the chairperson.
Mr. Joshua Pye painted away in the solitude and independence that were so dear to his unsociable heart.
Mr. Kaifu is used to making speeches in public.
Mr. Kato teaches us English.
Mr. Kato was too old to work any longer.
Mr. Kawa made it to the top due to his own abilities, not because of his family.
Mr. Kay said fixing intelligence problems requires vision and an unswerving commitment to serving the nation beyond the political and policy interests of any one particular administration.
Mr. Kennedy pointed out our mistakes.
Mr. Koike loves ramen.
Mr. Koizumi keeps going on and on and doesn't know when to stop.
Mr. Koizumi talks endlessly without stopping.
Mr. Koizumi, dressed in a pink shirt and white slacks atop his party's truck, tells Tokyo voters postal reform is the prerequisite for all other reform.
Mr. Koop isn't the kind of person who would ever take a bribe.
Mr. Kovács, you're about as creative at writing articles as my wife is at giving presents: every year she'll either get me socks, or a tie for Christmas.
Mr. Lauder says he trusts that visitors to the exhibit will leave the Whitney thinking, this is great art, in a great museum, in a great city.
Mr. Legros can say the alphabet backwards.
Mr. Lehman says the reconstruction paved the way for the exhibit "Egypt Reborn: Art for Eternity", featuring more than 1,000 art pieces and artifacts dating from around 4,000 BC, to the 18th dynasty reign of King Amenhotep in 1,350 BC.
Mr. Long and Mr. Smith spoke to each other.
Mr. Mailer is scheduled to stay here until tomorrow.
Mr. Mailer will stay here until tomorrow.
Mr. Matz says the new Sacajawea Interpretative Center will teach visitors about the Native American culture while reducing traffic on the Lewis and Clark Trail.
Mr. McVeyn says the place is especially popular with international visitors, many of whom bring or send back a white elephant figurine from their country.
Mr. Meier believes that the Neumanns are on vacation.
Mr. Meier thought the Neumann family was away on vacation.
Mr. Mercer, who in 1846 was the principal civil officer of Government at Badulla, sent me a jagged fragment of an elephant’s tusk, about five inches in diameter, and weighing between twenty and thirty pounds, which had been brought to him by some natives, who, being attracted by a noise in the jungle, witnessed a combat between a tusker and one without tusks, and saw the latter with his trunk seize one of the tusks of his antagonist and wrench from it the portion in question, which measured two feet in length.
Mr. Michael Bruhn was appointed as the Executive Secretary of the Department of Defense by Secretary of Defense Robert M. Gates on April 25, 2010.
Mr. Mitchel demanded that I pay the rest of the money by the end of the week.
Mr. Mitsubishi is drinking at home to save his drinking money.
Mr. Morita started a business by using borrowed money as capital.
Mr. Mukiibi was an agronomy student seven years ago. He learned how to help farmers plant crops. But he discovered the crops being planted were sometimes not right for the farming environment in Uganda.
Mr. Murata, this is my friend Lisa.
Mr. Murray is challenging the call on the right far service line. The ball was called out.
Mr. Nakamura went bar hopping in Tokyo.
Mr. Naruhodo's law firm is "The World's Leading Energy Law Firm".
Mr. Naruhodo’s law firm is "The World’s Leading Energy Law Firm".
Mr. Ndou says he tries to debunk many of the boys' myths, like a commonly held one that the lubrication on condoms contains worms.
Mr. Newman often comes to Japan.
Mr. Norton is pleasant to work with.
Mr. Obama hopes to point the way forward for the nation's economic recovery, frame the political debate with opposition Republicans and make a strong case to Americans to reelect him this year.
Mr. Obama spent the holiday at his home in Chicago with his wife, daughters and a houseful of guests.
Mr. Obama wants to move to Tokyo from Osaka.
Mr. Ogawa is familiar with this neighborhood.
Mr. Oh came to Japan to study Japanese.
Mr. Old is very much liked amongst the elderly.
Mr. Oldacre is a bachelor, fifty-two years of age, and lives in Deep Dene House.
Mr. Oldman and Mr. Young are the same age.
Mr. Otis was awakened by a curious noise in the corridor, outside his room. It sounded like the clank of metal, and seemed to be coming nearer every moment.
Mr. Parker tried eating with chopsticks.
Mr. Parker tried to eat with chopsticks.
Mr. Phillips goes up to see Prissy Andrews nearly every evening. He says it is to help her with her lessons.
Mr. Phillips isn't any good at all as a teacher.
Mr. Phillips might not be a very good teacher; but a pupil so inflexibly determined on learning as Anne was could hardly escape making progress under any kind of teacher.
Mr. Phillips took a chalk crayon and wrote on the blackboard above her head. "Ann Shirley has a very bad temper. Ann Shirley must learn to control her temper," and then read it out loud.
Mr. Pierre and his spouse really like my children; I really like their children too.
Mr. Pierre and his wife really like my children; I really like their children too.
Mr. Popescu's office is on the tenth floor.
Mr. Popescu’s office is on the tenth floor.
Mr. Poppins is alone, his wife has gone on vacation.
Mr. President!? Hey, if that idiot is a mister, then I'm Jesus of Nazareth.
Mr. President, as you solve our problems, our lives become more prosperous and comfortable.
Mr. President, my name is Khan and I am not a terrorist.
Mr. President, what you are doing is treason!
Mr. Punch has much pleasure in recommending the following Prospectus to the notice of parents desirous of finding a thoroughly practical school where boys are educated according to the real requirements of modern life.
Mr. Pye crossed the nave, and quitted the cathedral by the cloister door, followed by the choristers.
Mr. Reeves and other experts are calling for stronger controls on crop dusting and distribution of agricultural chemicals, as well as stricter rules for agricultural experimentation.
Mr. Reuter says that while no one knows how much money is actually laundered through banks globally, the figure could be as large as $700 billion per year.
Mr. Ricardo is a very good teacher.
Mr. Robert wants the honor of seeing EstÃ©vez.
Mr. Robert wants the honor of seeing Estévez.
Mr. Roberto? You're under arrest.
Mr. Robinson did not write the novel.
Mr. Romano says some of the smaller pieces in the exhibition, although easily overlooked, best demonstrate the combination of utility and spirituality.
Mr. Sato asked me many questions about the election.
Mr. Sato called when you were away.
Mr. Sato collapsed from exhaustion.
Mr. Sato practices archery on weekends.
Mr. Sato safely boarded the plane.
Mr. Sato speaks English well.
Mr. Satoyama's work made a big impression in the world of haiku.
Mr. Satoyama’s work made a big impression in the world of haiku.
Mr. Sherlock Holmes was leaning back in his chair and was unfolding his morning paper in a leisurely fashion, when our attention was arrested by a tremendous ring at the bell, followed immediately by a hollow drumming sound, as if someone were beating on the outer door with his fist.
Mr. Sherlock Holmes who was usually very late in the mornings, save upon those not infrequent occasions when he stayed up all night, was seated at the breakfast table.
Mr. Shimada works at an osteopathic clinic.
Mr. Shoval submits plenty of sentences to Tatoeba.
Mr. Smith always begins his lectures with a joke.
Mr. Smith and I have been acquainted with each other for a long time.
Mr. Smith asked Jane to marry him.
Mr. Smith came.
Mr. Smith doesn't speak English, does he?
Mr. Smith doesn’t speak English, does he?
Mr. Smith established this school forty years ago.
Mr. Smith founded this school forty years ago.
Mr. Smith had three sons who became engineers.
Mr. Smith has arrived.
Mr. Smith has come.
Mr. Smith has three sons who became engineers.
Mr. Smith hasn't turned up yet though he promised to.
Mr. Smith is a candidate for mayor.
Mr. Smith is an acquaintance of hers.
Mr. Smith is an acquaintance of his.
Mr. Smith is cleaning his room.
Mr. Smith is drinking coffee.
Mr. Smith is in charge of the class.
Mr. Smith is liked by all his students.
Mr. Smith is liked by all the students.
Mr. Smith is not available. Would you like to make an appointment to come see him?
Mr. Smith is now on duty.
Mr. Smith is now president of this company.
Mr. Smith is sure to come on Sunday.
Mr. Smith left Japan this morning.
Mr. Smith lived in Kyoto for three years.
Mr. Smith lived in Kyoto three years ago.
Mr. Smith lives in Kyoto now.
Mr. Smith makes it a rule to take a walk every morning.
Mr. Smith organized a virtual birthday party for his 8-year-old daughter.
Mr. Smith ran his sluggish horse along the country roads.
Mr. Smith should have told the truth.
Mr. Smith spoke so quickly that I couldn't catch what he said.
Mr. Smith spoke so quickly that I couldn't understand what he was saying.
Mr. Smith spoke so quickly that I couldn’t catch what he said.
Mr. Smith spoke so quickly that I couldn’t understand what he was saying.
Mr. Smith studied Chinese history.
Mr. Smith sued them for damages.
Mr. Smith teaches me English.
Mr. Smith thinks that he's a big shot.
Mr. Smith went out to get lunch.
Mr. So-and-so called today.
Mr. Soarez has been my close friend for years.
Mr. Spencer works in a shop.
Mr. Straddle called me aside.
Mr. Su is not at home.
Mr. Suzuki is a great scientist.
Mr. Suzuki is an outstanding scientist.
Mr. Suzuki is angry about Tom's prank.
Mr. Suzuki is angry about Tom’s prank.
Mr. Suzuki isn't a dentist. He's a physician.
Mr. Suzuki persuaded his son to drop his plan to study abroad.
Mr. Suzuki persuaded his son to give up his plan to study abroad.
Mr. Suzuki studied French before he went to France.
Mr. Suzuki was giving a speech that afternoon.
Mr. Suzuki's classes are interesting, but his stories always get sidetracked, so we never make any good progress in our textbooks.
Mr. Takahashi agreed to go with you.
Mr. Takahashi gave us some homework.
Mr. Tanabe is out now.
Mr. Tanaka and his son always take the time to greet me, and even helped me carry my things earlier.
Mr. Tanaka called while you were out.
Mr. Tanaka can play the piano well.
Mr. Tanaka is a doctor, isn't he?
Mr. Tanaka is not at his desk right now.
Mr. Tanaka is one of my father's fishing companions.
Mr. Tanaka is one of my father’s fishing companions.
Mr. Tanaka is one of our friends.
Mr. Tanaka makes a living by running a small stationery shop near the station.
Mr. Tanaka showed us many pictures of his newborn baby.
Mr. Tanaka was hired as a salesman.
Mr. Tanaka, do you have any stock?
Mr. Tanaka, our homeroom teacher, got married.
Mr. Tani and his wife were present at that party.
Mr. Tatsuya deals in grain.
Mr. Taylor wishes he hadn't come to the party.
Mr. Thomas had no objection to Mr. White being elected chairman.
Mr. Thomas remembered that an airplane stewardess had served him a meal in a compartmentalized tray that kept the gravy on his mashed potatoes from sloshing over into his dessert.
Mr. Thomas will be able to solve the problem.
Mr. Thompson has been very busy today.
Mr. Togawa was elected as mayor.
Mr. Tom, are you willing to surrender your personal phone for analysis?
Mr. Torres was born in a small city in the North of Portugal.
Mr. Utterson is seen as stoic by people who don't know him well.
Mr. Walker made good money building automobile radiators—enough that he can now afford to collect, recondition, display in that shed—and light upon request—hundreds of nostalgic neon signs.
Mr. Wall put off going to the dentist's.
Mr. Walter Scott said: "Perhaps there is no work in the English language, which is more universally read and admired than the Adventures of Robinson Crusoe."
Mr. Wang came to Japan to study Japanese.
Mr. Wang is Chinese.
Mr. Wang is of Chinese origin.
Mr. Wang is waiting for the manager in the meeting room.
Mr. Wang learned German because he wanted to work in Germany.
Mr. Wang learnt German because he wanted to go to Germany.
Mr. Wang learnt German because he wanted to work in Germany.
Mr. Wang teaches us Chinese.
Mr. Wang usually has a nap in the meeting room.
Mr. Wang went to the meeting room.
Mr. Wang, what kind of business are you engaged in?
Mr. Watson, come here, I want to see you.
Mr. What's-his-name called me.
Mr. White and I aren't friends. We're just acquaintances.
Mr. White arrived in Tokyo at 10:30.
Mr. White has gone to Canada.
Mr. White has gone to India.
Mr. White is a liberal politician.
Mr. White is a rational man.
Mr. White is about the same age I am.
Mr. White is doing very well so far.
Mr. White is in charge of our class.
Mr. White said to them, "The room will be $30. $10 for each man." Each man gave him $10 and went up to the room.
Mr. White seems to have a lot of friends.
Mr. White seems to have many friends.
Mr. White soon began to feel guilty.
Mr. White wanted to help them.
Mr. White was the manager of a hotel in Springfield.
Mr. White went to Canada.
Mr. White will arrive in Tokyo at 10:30.
Mr. White's yard is large.
Mr. Whittington was seated behind a large desk covered with papers.
Mr. Wilder gave me your email address.
Mr. Wilkinson added that almost half of the reefs severely damaged by coral bleaching in 1998 are recovering, but he said other reefs are so badly damaged that they are unrecognizable.
Mr. Wilson is angry at Dennis.
Mr. Wilson is proud of his house.
Mr. Winner has lost.
Mr. Wood came to the door and spoke to Tony's mother.
Mr. Wood didn't have any sons.
Mr. Wood loved Linda from the bottom of his heart.
Mr. Wood was like a father to Tony.
Mr. Wright speaks Japanese like a native speaker.
Mr. Yamada gives us a lot of homework every day.
Mr. Yamada is in charge of the personnel section.
Mr. Yamada lives in the suburbs of Tokyo.
Mr. Yamada was kind enough to drive me home.
Mr. Yamanaka looks young for his age.
Mr. Yappari appealed to the judge for mercy.
Mr. Yoshida has never broken his promise.
Mr. Yoshida is too severe with his children.
Mr. Yoshida knows French History very well.
Mr. Yoshida never breaks his promise.
Mr. Young is old.
Mr. Young wishes his son would study harder.
Mr. Yushchenko generally leans toward a free market economy while the populist Ms. Tymoshenko favors government regulation.
Mr. Yusuf, do you drink coffee?
Mr. Zhang, a Beijing resident, said he had bought extra food and water, even though he doesn't think Beijing will be locked down like Shanghai.
Mr. Zhu's appointment is around 8:30. Until then, please wait here.
Mr. and Mrs. Davis were invited to a Christmas party at a hotel one year.
Mr. and Mrs. Ikeda talked to Ken's teacher.
Mr. and Mrs. Ikeda talked to Ken’s teacher.
Mr. and Mrs. Jackson went to Boston with us.
Mr. and Mrs. Smith are a good match.
Mr. and Mrs. Smith are the sort of couple who don't go out much in the evenings.
Mr. and Mrs. Smith are the sort of couple who don’t go out much in the evenings.
Mr. and Mrs. Smith live apart from each other now.
Mr. and Mrs. West are on their honeymoon.
Mr. and Mrs. William Webster had come all the way from Woodford to Concord, leaving three babies at home, to assist their old friends at the Inaugural Ball. You must have guessed that Mollie O'Neill, as Mrs. William Webster, would have grown plumper and prettier during the busy, happy years of married life with her husband and children on their large farm. For Mollie now had a small daughter "Polly," named for her beloved twin sister, and a pair of twin sons, Dan and Billy. She was more than ever in love with her husband and, many people believed, entirely under his thumb. Yet there were times when Mollie could and would assert herself in a surprising fashion just as she had in former days with her girl friends.
Mr. and Mrs. Williams adopted a child whose parents were dead.
Mr. and Mrs. Yamada will come home next month.
Mr. and Mrs. Yamada will return to their homeland next month.
Mrs Bakir was my art teacher.
Mrs Cockburn concealed her name lest the knowledge of her sex and youth should produce a prejudice against her work.
Mrs Hudson, the landlady, she’s giving me a special deal.
Mrs Klein is over 80, but she's still very active.
Mrs Klein is over 80, but she’s still very active.
Mrs Lee is a good orator.
Mrs Lee is a good speaker.
Mrs Ligno was a very good cook.
Mrs Lynde looked upon all people who had the misfortune to be born or brought up elsewhere than in Prince Edward Island with a decided can-any-good-thing-come-out-of-Nazareth air. They might be good people, of course; but you were on the safe side in doubting it.
Mrs Miller asked her neighbour to have a look at her washing machine. After inspecting it, he delivered his verdict. "Your washing machine's had it, I'm afraid." 
"Can it be repaired?" "Buy yourself a new one."
Mrs Miller is not at home.
Mrs Miller is not in.
Mrs Ogawa is familiar with this neighbourhood.
Mrs Ogawa is really good at tennis.
Mrs Sato phoned at 11 o'clock.
Mrs Sato phoned at eleven.
Mrs Sato rang at 11 o'clock.
Mrs Sato rang at eleven.
Mrs Schmidt lives at No.5.
Mrs Schneider's neighbour has a house in Provence.
Mrs Schneider's neighbour's got a house in Provence.
Mrs Smith lives at No.5.
Mrs Suzuki was giving a speech that afternoon.
Mrs Takeda is quick to pick up on the local rumours.
Mrs Tanaka liked to carry out first aid on the injured and take care of the sick.
Mrs Tanaka's characteristic curly hair was sticking up behind her ear.
Mrs Tanaka’s characteristic curly hair was sticking up behind her ear.
Mrs Thomas taught us history.
Mrs and Mr Kent preferred to go to the mountains last summer.
Mrs. Alexander Spencer was up here one day before Christmas and she said she was going to get a little girl from the asylum over in Hopeton in the spring.
Mrs. Allan says I have a good voice and she says I must sing in the Sunday-school choir.
Mrs. Amzil is our Berber teacher.
Mrs. Ana explains the sixth test.
Mrs. Annete has practically forgotten about her adventure on the road.
Mrs. Baker had her purse stolen.
Mrs. Barrett will become the fifth female Supreme Court justice.
Mrs. Blewett darted her eyes over Anne from head to foot.
Mrs. Brown understands Japanese.
Mrs. Brown warned Beth that if she didn't eat properly she would be permanently overweight.
Mrs. Brown warned Beth that if she didn’t eat properly she would be permanently overweight.
Mrs. Brown warned Beth, that she will always be too heavy if she doesn't eat reasonably.
Mrs. Brown wrote a book on politics.
Mrs. Bruce was the first female pilot to fly between England and Japan.
Mrs. Bush is our English teacher.
Mrs. Cavendish fanned herself gently with a palm leaf.
Mrs. Cavendish gave me some tea.
Mrs. Cavendish was a lady who liked to make her own plans, and expected other people to fall in with them.
Mrs. Cavendish, who had married John's father when he was a widower with two sons, had been a handsome woman of middle-age as I remembered her.
Mrs. Crouch, do you have a job?
Mrs. Dalloway said she would buy the flowers herself.
Mrs. Dalloway said she would buy the flowers herself. For Lucy had her work cut out for her. The doors would be taken off their hinges; Rumpelmayer's men were coming. And then, thought Clarissa Dalloway, what a morning — fresh as if issued to children on a beach.
Mrs. Davis was anything but a perfect wife.
Mrs. Dupont's strawberry charlotte outdid all the other contestants.
Mrs. Green taught me English.
Mrs. Green, from whom my children have lessons in singing, is to have a recital next Sunday.
Mrs. Harris is very doubtful about her son's future.
Mrs. Harris is very doubtful about her son’s future.
Mrs. Harris is very worried about her son's future.
Mrs. Hughes, this is Peter Brown.
Mrs. Ionescu, I'd like to ask you something.
Mrs. Ionescu, I’d like to ask you something.
Mrs. Jackson assigns a lot of homework to her students.
Mrs. Jackson is our housekeeper.
Mrs. Jackson, can we not dissect rabbits this year?
Mrs. Jones counts sheep every night to go to sleep.
Mrs. Jones is often unpleasant to her husband's secretary over the phone.
Mrs. Jones is often unpleasant to her husband’s secretary over the phone.
Mrs. Jones is teaching computer science.
Mrs. Jones ordered the room to be swept by noon.
Mrs. Jones teaches computer science.
Mrs. Klein is already in her eighties, but she's still very spry.
Mrs. Klein is already in her eighties, but she’s still very spry.
Mrs. Kotter said, "Don't do that anymore."
Mrs. Lark played the piano and the children sang.
Mrs. Lee is a great talker.
Mrs. Liu visited me last week, and today I will return her visit.
Mrs. Lynde says Canada is going to the dogs the way things are being run in Ottawa.
Mrs. Lynde says the minister's wife over at Newbridge sets a very bad example because she dresses so fashionably.
Mrs. Lynde says they've never had a female teacher in Avonlea before and she thinks it is a dangerous innovation.
Mrs. Lynde says, 'Blessed are they who expect nothing for they shall not be disappointed.' But I think it would be worse to expect nothing than to be disappointed.
Mrs. Lyons flushed with anger again.
Mrs. Mary speaks German well, doesn't she?
Mrs. Meier is very attractive.
Mrs. Merkel, Tony Blair and even Vladimir Putin are young global leaders of the World Economic Forum.
Mrs. Meyer is so pretty.
Mrs. Milton White says she never met a perfect person, but she's heard enough about one . . . her husband's first wife. Don't you think it must be very uncomfortable to be married to a man whose first wife was perfect?
Mrs. Morgan wanted to know how the Haunted Wood came by its name, and laughed until she cried when she heard the story and Anne's dramatic account of a certain memorable walk through it at the witching hour of twilight.
Mrs. North is very proud of her children.
Mrs. Ogawa is really good at tennis.
Mrs. Parker greeted him with a smile.
Mrs. Paule is my math professor.
Mrs. Pendexter said little; she merely smiled with her lovely eyes and lips, and ate chicken and fruit cake and preserves with such exquisite grace that she conveyed the impression of dining on ambrosia and honeydew.
Mrs. Poppins, you should call your husband!
Mrs. Rachel Lynde was sitting at her kitchen window, knitting a quilt.
Mrs. Rachel prided herself on always speaking her mind.
Mrs. Rachel shook her head, as much as to say if she were only at the head of the educational system of the Province things would be much better managed.
Mrs. Roland, what do you think of this problem?
Mrs. Sato pushed her son to study hard.
Mrs. Schneiders's neighbor has a house in Provence.
Mrs. Screed was a mousey, anxious little woman.
Mrs. Sklodowska was a woman.
Mrs. Smith asked me to go to the city.
Mrs. Smith can get her husband to do anything she likes.
Mrs. Smith cleans that room.
Mrs. Smith gave birth to her second child.
Mrs. Smith goes to church by car.
Mrs. Smith is actively engaged in volunteer work.
Mrs. Smith is an elderly lady.
Mrs. Smith is bearing up well since the death of her husband.
Mrs. Smith is in black.
Mrs. Smith is our English teacher.
Mrs. Smith was a famous beauty.
Mrs. Smith, I'd like to introduce a friend of mine, Pierre Dubois.
Mrs. Smith, I’d like to introduce a friend of mine, Pierre Dubois.
Mrs. Snow had lived forty years, and for fifteen of those years she had been too busy wishing things were different to find much time to enjoy things as they were.
Mrs. Spencer lived in a big yellow house at White Sands Cove.
Mrs. Straker awoke at seven in the morning, to find that her husband had not yet returned.
Mrs. Sugimoto always wears neat clothes.
Mrs. Suzuki is a very economical housekeeper.
Mrs. Takeda was listening in on the latest neighborhood gossip.
Mrs. Tanaka and I were in the kendo club together when we were in college.
Mrs. Tanaka is a friend of ours.
Mrs. Tanaka, the new teacher, is offering Japanese as an extra curricular activity twice a week to interested students.
Mrs. Tanaka, you are wanted on the phone.
Mrs. Taninna Amzil is my Berber teacher.
Mrs. Teresa's statement explained a lot about the death of her husband.
Mrs. Thomas's father was pursued home one night by a lamb of fire with its head cut off hanging by a strip of skin. He said he knew it was the spirit of his brother and that it was a warning he would die within nine days.
Mrs. Thompson wants to conceal the fact that she is a millionaire.
Mrs. West is busy getting breakfast ready.
Mrs. White broke into tears when I told her the news.
Mrs. Wood cooks very well.
Mrs. Wood is a very good cook.
Mrs. Wood is an excellent cook.
Mrs. Wood was a very good cook.
Mrs. Wood was very good at cooking.
Mrs. Young didn't mind my dropping in on her unexpectedly.
Mrs. Young didn’t mind my dropping in on her unexpectedly.
Mrs. Young wouldn't mind my dropping in on her unexpectedly.
Mrs. Young wouldn’t mind my dropping in on her unexpectedly.
Mrs. von der Leyen has a communist way of thinking.
Ms Jaguar offered Mr Clinton the position because she had faith in his capabilities.
Ms Lee is a good orator.
Ms Lee is a good speaker.
Ms Miller is not at home.
Ms Miller is not in.
Ms Miller is waiting for you in her room. The lifts are over there. Fourth floor, room 423.
Ms Sato is no lightweight. I just saw her chug three bottles of beer.
Ms Sato is no lightweight. I just saw her neck three bottles of beer.
Ms Sato phoned at 11 o'clock.
Ms Sato rang at 11 o'clock.
Ms Schmidt lives at No.5.
Ms Smith lives at No.5.
Ms. Asada was appointed chairperson.
Ms. Bachelet left office with an 84-percent approval rating after her 2006–2010 presidency. Chile allows presidents to serve more than one term, but not consecutively.
Ms. Brown seems to be an actress.
Ms. Earth 2013 is Ms. Venezuela.
Ms. Eichler had a notorious reputation for being austere to her students.
Ms. Ionescu, I'd like to ask you something.
Ms. Jackson bawled Tom out for sleeping in class.
Ms. Jackson is my adviser.
Ms. Jackson is my advisor.
Ms. Jackson put scratch-and-sniff stickers on the kids' graded homework.
Ms. Jackson was a wonderful teacher.
Ms. Jackson was my French teacher.
Ms. Lester has the tall, broad-shouldered look of a farm girl and sports a bright red baseball cap that reads "cowgirl". She's one of a group of volunteers setting up water tanks and fencing across a 200,000-hectare swath of northern Arizona. The tanks will eventually provide water to hundreds of elk, deer, antelope, and even cattle. "I mean, they gotta drink, and in this kind of drought, you've gotta bring the water to them and take care of them, because they will suffer if we don't do something out here," she says.
Ms. Marie is still at the office.
Ms. Marple's name often gets confused with some other similar name.
Ms. Martinez says the tidal wave spawned by the quake reached as far away as Somalia's coastline, but in a much-weakened form. A series of aftershocks have been recorded, including one registering 7.3 on the Richter scale that jolted parts of Bangladesh. Minor aftershocks have been detected as far away as the U.S. states of Alaska and California.
Ms. Martinez wants to talk to us.
Ms. Mizuta likes that "Buska" character so much that last time she happened by a store that had Buska goods, she homed in on them and bought one on the spot.
Ms. Nicholson has co-edited a new book on the region, with contributions by Arab, American and world authorities on the human and environmental situation of the marshlands.
Ms. Rice underwent a one-and-a-half hour uterine fibroid embolization at a Washington hospital Friday. The operation, an alternative to hysterectomy, shrinks fibroid tumors and allows for a rapid recovery.
Ms. Roland, what do you think about this problem?
Ms. Sato is the president's new secretary.
Ms. See says her visit to the region helped her understand the lives of women there.
Ms. Singer shows off her iridescent-red velvet jacket -- a superbly preserved and extremely expensive example of the work of Mariano Fortuny, a legendary high-society designer based in Venice between about 1910 and 1930.
Ms. Sonja gathered her students together and said, "I am giving you 123 words. Now see if you can build a new language with just these words."
Ms. Swan is our English teacher.
Ms. Takada accused the boy of copying another student's homework.
Ms. Takada accused the boy of copying another student’s homework.
Ms. Tanaka can type, can't she?
Ms. Tanaka can type, can’t she?
Ms. Tanaka is a friend of ours.
Ms. Tanaka, you are wanted on the phone.
Ms. Trosper says Spirit's operators are extending its instrument arm to brush the Martian dust from Adirondack, get close-up images with its microscope camera, and determine the rock's mineral content with an infrared sensor. She notes that they will use an abrasion tool Tuesday to scratch below its surface before moving on to its next target.
Ms. Wardlaw says while antenatal visits provide an opportunity to improve maternal and child health, that opportunity is too often missed.
Ms. White ordered that Tom should stay after school.
Ms. White spoke slowly enough for me to catch her meaning.
Ms. Yamada translated the fascinating fairy tale into plain Japanese.
Ms. Yamamoto teaches us English.
Ms. Yen is a tech wunderkind who had already launched and sold three companies by the age of 22.
Mt Everest is the highest mountain in the world.
Mt Everest is the world's highest mountain.
Mt Fuji can be seen from here.
Mt Fuji could be seen in the distance.
Mt Fuji is covered with snow.
Mt Fuji is probably one of the most famous mountains in the world.
Mt Fuji is probably one of the world's most famous mountains.
Mt Fuji looks beautiful at sunset.
Mt Fuji, the highest mountain in Japan, is 3,776 metres high.
Mt. Asama is not as high as Mt. Fuji.
Mt. Asama is now dormant.
Mt. Aso is an active volcano.
Mt. Everest is 29,002 feet above sea level.
Mt. Everest is higher than any other mountain in the world.
Mt. Everest is the highest mountain in the world.
Mt. Everest is the highest peak in the world.
Mt. Everest is the tallest mountain in the world.
Mt. Fuji as seen from Suruga Bay is beautiful.
Mt. Fuji can be seen from here.
Mt. Fuji can't be seen from here.
Mt. Fuji could be seen in the distance.
Mt. Fuji is 3776 meters high.
Mt. Fuji is Japan's most famous mountain.
Mt. Fuji is Japan's tallest mountain.
Mt. Fuji is Japan’s tallest mountain.
Mt. Fuji is a beautiful sight at sunset.
Mt. Fuji is a symbol of Japan.
Mt. Fuji is a very beautiful mountain.
Mt. Fuji is about four times as high as Mt. Rokko.
Mt. Fuji is covered with snow in the winter.
Mt. Fuji is covered with snow in winter.
Mt. Fuji is famous.
Mt. Fuji is fantastic.
Mt. Fuji is higher than any other mountain in Japan.
Mt. Fuji is known to everyone.
Mt. Fuji is not as high as Mt. Everest.
Mt. Fuji is not as tall as Mt. Everest.
Mt. Fuji is noted for its beautiful shape.
Mt. Fuji is probably one of the most famous mountains in the world.
Mt. Fuji is probably one of the world's most famous mountains.
Mt. Fuji is the highest mountain in Japan.
Mt. Fuji is the most famous mountain in Japan.
Mt. Fuji is very beautiful.
Mt. Fuji isn't as tall as Mt. Everest.
Mt. Fuji isn't visible from here.
Mt. Fuji looks beautiful at sunset.
Mt. Fuji looks spectacular at sunset.
Mt. Fuji soars heavenward.
Mt. Fuji was above the clouds.
Mt. Fuji was covered with snow.
Mt. Fuji, the highest mountain in Japan, is 3,776 meters high.
Mt. Thielsen, namesake for the surrounding Wilderness Area, is called “The Lightning Rod of the Cascades.” A dormant volcano, its peak is struck by lightning so often that some rocks at the summit have melted into an unusual mineral called fulgurite. This mineral is made of natural hollow glass tubes formed when silica is subjected to high temperatures, such as lightning strikes.
Mt. Unzen is such a nice place that many people visit there.
Mu shu pork is my speciality.
Muammar Gaddafi is a megalomaniac.
Muammar Kaddafi escaped unharmed.
Muay Thai is a martial art from Thailand.
Mubarak faces criminal charges.
Much about giraffes remains unknown.
Much about the humpback, a species famous for its song, remains a mystery.
Much ado about nothing.
Much also depends on how much we are willing to learn.
Much also depends on how willing we are to learn.
Much as I admire him as a writer, I don't like him as a man.
Much as I admire him as a writer, I don’t like him as a man.
Much as I hate to admit it, his mullet is immaculate.
Much as I like you, I will not marry you.
Much as I like you, I won't marry you.
Much as I pitied him, I could not help him.
Much as I want to, I can't.
Much as I'd like to come, I'm afraid I'll be too busy.
Much as I'd like to stay, I have to go tomorrow.
Much as I'd like to stay, I've got to go tomorrow.
Much as I’d like to come, I’m afraid I’ll be too busy.
Much as Tom would like to visit Boston, he can't afford it.
Much as a large animal like a lion produces a deeper roar than a tiny mouse's squeak, merging supermassive black holes create lower-frequency gravitational waves than the relatively small black holes LIGO and similar ground-based experiments can detect.
Much as we resemble one another, none of us are exactly alike.
Much attention recently has been given to efforts to unionize corporate giants Amazon and Starbucks in the United States. However, the ILO report highlights the important role collective bargaining plays in developing, as well as developed countries. Lead author of the ILO report Susan Hayter says 57 of the agreements reviewed were in African countries. She says country studies found that collective bargaining in those countries is as effective, if not in some ways more effective, than in developed countries.
Much attention was paid to the safety of the passengers.
Much better alone than with fools.
Much better to be woken by the birds than by an alarm.
Much can be learned by observing how a child interacts at play with other children.
Much caution does no harm.
Much confusion ensued following this news report.
Much depends upon the result.
Much economic activity still occurs in the informal sector and is not reflected in GDP data.
Much glass was used in the construction of the building.
Much gold is mined here.
Much had changed during my absence.
Much has already been said about the difficulty of translating poetry.
Much has been made of the fact that an African-American with the name Barack Hussein Obama could be elected President. But my personal story is not so unique.
Much has changed in Boston since then.
Much has changed.
Much hilarity will then ensue.
Much is riding on the outcome.
Much is said about the upside-down five-pointed star.
Much is still uncertain.
Much legal language is obscure to a layman.
Much like Nigeria, the Philippines was considered to be in the periphery of the Anglosphere.
Much like the airplane, everyone thought the Internet was going to solve the world's problems.
Much love to the children.
Much misery came about because of the typhoon.
Much money is spent every day.
Much more appropriate for the child was real breast milk of nursing.
Much more can be done.
Much more concrete will be needed.
Much of Algeria looks like this.
Much of Algeria's gas is supplied to European markets.
Much of Algeria's labor force operates in the informal sector.
Much of Algeria's population is concentrated in the northern part of the country.
Much of Europe is getting hit with a record-setting heat wave. The World Meteorological Organization is concerned not just because of the temperatures, but because the summer heat is a month earlier than usual and more intense. It is likely another sign of climate change.
Much of Europe is sweltering under soaring temperatures — and struggling with extreme dryness and forest fires.
Much of Guyana's growth in recent years has come from a surge in gold production.
Much of London was destroyed in the seventeenth century.
Much of Niger's population lives in extreme poverty.
Much of eastern Scotland will see sunshine today.
Much of his success is owed to Tiger's close relationship to his father, Earl, who coached his prodigal son since childhood.
Much of our daily living must consist of routine that requires little or no mental effort.
Much of the Iberian Peninsula is experiencing the year's first heatwave, with the mercury expected to soar before peaking at 47 degrees Celsius in some areas of southern Portugal this weekend.
Much of the Maltese language has its roots from the Arabic language.
Much of the air pollution in urban areas is caused by automobiles.
Much of the country remains in the grip of powerful local warlords with private armies to enforce their writ.
Much of the cultural heritage that exists in Chinese lands is derived from the philosophy and teachings of Confucius.
Much of the debris that washes up on our beaches is plastic.
Much of the modern resistance to chastity comes from men's belief that they "own" their bodies.
Much of the modern resistance to chastity comes from men’s belief that they "own" their bodies.
Much of the plastic that ends up in the oceans was blown into rivers first from uncontained trash on land.
Much of the propaganda smearing LGBTQ people as pedophiles originates on 4chan or 8chan, two sites notorious for harboring pedophiles.
Much of the riots' coverage was taken from the cell phones of passersby, saving local news outlets valuable film which they would later use for banal "human" "interest" "stories."
Much of the riots’ coverage was taken from the cell phones of passersby, saving local news outlets valuable film which they would later use for banal "human" "interest" "stories."
Much of the work has already been done.
Much of the work is on the emotions and other dimensions of the human being—spiritual, physical, and intellectual—that can be inhibited by unwholesome attitudes or repressive social conventions.
Much of the workforce is employed in banana production and tourism.
Much of this Claus failed to understand fully, but a longing seized him to become helpful to his fellows.
Much of this area is very mountainous, particularly in the northern portion.
Much of this new music is aimed at children who are too old for nursery rhymes, but not yet old enough for, say, Mariah Carey.
Much of what Tom says isn't true.
Much of what he said I didn't understand.
Much of what he said, much of what he contributed to the Amazigh language.
Much of what is now Big Bend National Park was Mexican territory until 1848. Mexican settlers farmed and raised animals here. In the early 1900s, many Anglo-Americans began settling in the area.
Much of what is termed "socially acceptable" behavior consists of arbitrary prejudices or proscriptions with no rhyme or reason.
Much of what people call political correctness is in fact politeness.
Much of what they wrote about never happened.
Much of what tourists want to see is no longer there.
Much of what we call "Italian food" or "Hungarian food" depends on ingredients domesticated and cultivated by indigenous Americans.
Much progress has been made.
Much reading has brought upon us a learned barbarism.
Much remains to be done, including naming a consensus prime minister and defining the future role of the military junta that seized power last month.
Much remains to be done.
Much remains to be learned from exploring the mysteries of the deep.
Much remains unknown about these creatures.
Much remains unknown on the subject.
Much respect to you.
Much respect.
Much snow has fallen.
Much sooner than you think.
Much still remains to be done.
Much stronger measures will be taken.
Much time was wasted.
Much to Igor's girlfriend's displeasure, he stopped the car and picked the hitchhiker up.
Much to Tom's surprise, Mary wasn't afraid.
Much to her mother's displeasure, Mary would always heavily salt her meals before taking the first bite.
Much to his dismay, Dan missed the countdown for the New Year in Paris.
Much to his surprise, he found his dog dead.
Much to my delight, Mary brought me a music box from Boston as a gift.
Much to my disappointment, Mary failed to repair the computer.
Much to my disappointment, she did not come.
Much to my dismay, Mary came to the party wearing a prurient dress.
Much to my joy, I have passed the examination.
Much to my surprise, Mary disregarded my request.
Much to my surprise, Tom wasn't there.
Much to my surprise, my song appealed to many young people.
Much to my surprise, the door opened noiselessly.
Much to our surprise, he was good at singing.
Much to the contrary, she says that people in the countryside or in the townships often moan the lack of facilities for their children to learn English and thus get a shot at a good job and a better life.
Much to the dismay of her parents, she went to Canada to study medicine.
Much to the surprise of his parents, Tom came out as bisexual.
Much to the thieves' surprise, the bank vault was completely empty.
Much was expected of him.
Much was riding on the outcome.
Much water has passed, much is yet to come.
Much water is needed.
Much wisdom is to be found in the Bible.
Much work can be done with computers.
Much work lies ahead.
Much work remains to be done.
Much work still remains to be done.
Much work, little money.
Much-musing, to the woodland nymphs I pray, / and Mars, the guardian of the Thracian plain, / with favouring grace the omen to allay, / and bless the dreadful vision.
Mud clings to my shoes.
Mud crabs are found on the western side of the island near mangrove-lined estuaries.
Muffin is a yellow poodle who belongs to snow white.
Mugabe's regime did not so much slide as plunge headlong into kleptocracy.
Mugham or Mughamat is one of the many classical compositions from Azerbaijan, contrasting with tasnif and ashik.
Muh has got two wives.
Muhammad Ali is considered one of the greatest boxers of all time.
Muhammad Ali ran four to eight miles a day backwards.
Muhammad Ali was a Muslim and he was an American hero.
Muhammad Ali was an American boxer.
Muhammad Ali was my hero.
Muhammad and Jesus are God's messengers.
Muhammad and Jesus, peace be upon them, are prophets of God.
Muhammad has eyes as beautiful as his brother.
Muhammad is God's messenger.
Muhammad is a prophet as well.
Muhammad is a prophet, too.
Muhammad is a prophet.
Muhammad is our prophet.
Muhammad is quite fond of eating watermelon at home.
Muhammad is the last messenger of God.
Muhammad is the messenger of God.
Muhammad is the prophet of Islam.
Muhammad likes to eat nasi lemak.
Muhammad was born in Mecca.
Muhammad was the last prophet.
Muhammad, peace and blessings be upon him, didn't write the Quran.
Muhammad, peace and blessings be upon him, is our prophet.
Muhammad, peace and blessings of God be upon him, was a man of example.
Muhammad, peace be upon him, couldn't read or write.
Muhammad, peace be upon him, didn't write the Quran.
Muhammad, peace be upon him, is a great person that has helped humanity.
Muhammad, peace be upon him, is a prophet of God.
Muhammad, peace be upon him, is a role model.
Muhammad, peace be upon him, is just a man.
Muhammad, peace be upon him, is our prophet.
Muhammad, peace be upon him, is our role model.
Muhammad, peace be upon him, is the last prophet.
Muhammad, peace be upon him, is the person that Muslims follow.
Muhammad, peace be upon him, is the prophet of Islam.
Muhammad, peace be upon him, received the Quran in twenty-three years.
Muhammad, peace be upon him, was born in Mecca.
Muhammad, peace be upon him, was indeed who he said he was. Muhammad, peace be upon him, was a true messenger of God.
Muhammad, peace be upon him, was sent by God.
Muhammed was born in Mecca.
Muhend and his wife are separated.
Muhend does not stop laughing, he is always happy.
Muhend has been in a bad situation for seven months now.
Muhend is a Kabyle given name.
Muhend lost his parents.
Muhend seems to be angry.
Muiriel had no other choice but to accept her defeat.
Muiriel has promised me that if I read the book "The Picture of Dorian Gray" entirely in English, she will help me with my math homework.
Muiriel has turned twenty.
Muiriel is 20 now.
Muiriel is 20, now.
Muiriel is a Native American.
Muiriel is already twenty years old.
Muiriel is an Indian.
Muiriel is slandering me!
Muiriel is the second member of Tatoeba.
Muiriel is twenty years old.
Muiriel is very good at telling invented stories.
Muiriel likes to annoy me lately.
Muiriel's mind is in the gutter.
Muiriel's twenty.
Muiriel’s mind is in the gutter.
Muiriel’s twenty.
Mulberries bear fruits in my garden.
Mules are sterile.
Mules can live to be over fifty years old.
Mull it over.
Mulled wine is sold at the Christmas market.
Mullets are cool.
Mulligan has been riding high since he seized the crown in a come-from-behind victory 14 months ago.
Mulligan says he'll sleep easy until the fight.
Mulligan says he’ll sleep easy until the fight.
Mullingar is a party town!
Mullingar is one hell of a town!
Multi-tasking can lead to being less productive.
Multicoloured glass, like beautiful eyes, adorns the buses in several cities of Pakistan and India.
Multiculturalism has proven to be a failure.
Multifilamentary superconducting wires can be used in electric power transmission lines.
Multigrain breads contain many kinds of grains.
Multilateral trade negotiations ran aground over import quotas.
Multilingualism may prevent dementia.
Multinational corporations outperform traditional corporations operating in just one country.
Multinationals and extremely rich people manage, sometimes legally, sometimes illegally, to pay little to no taxes by using services offered in fiscal paradises.
Multiple civilizations weren't built on appropriating the culture of white South Africans and persecuting and hounding them for continuing to exist.
Multiple injuries have been reported.
Multiple interpretations exist.
Multiple languages are spoken in America.
Multiple languages are spoken in the United States.
Multiple lives were affected by Sami's murder.
Multiple myeloma affects the plasma cells in the bone marrow and causes skeletal or soft tissue tumors. It is rarely cured.
Multiple nuclear missiles descended upon humanity.
Multiple students were seen vomiting.
Multiple-choice tests are not uncommon.
Multiplication is commutative, division is not.
Multiplicity is only apparent, in truth, there is only one mind...
Multiply it by a random negative number.
Multiply that number by three.
Multiply three by five to get fifteen.
Multiplying words is easy.
Multitudinous intellectuals agree that imagination is more important than intelligence. Creativity originates from imagination.
Mum and Dad are both at home.
Mum and Dad are very nervous.
Mum and Dad aren't coming with me.
Mum and Dad aren't coming.
Mum and Dad gave me a bike.
Mum and I are dying with laughter.
Mum asked me to buy her a new blanket.
Mum baked a cake for my birthday.
Mum baked an apple pie today.
Mum bought a book for me.
Mum bought me a book.
Mum bought me a new skirt.
Mum bought me some colouring pencils.
Mum bought me some crayons.
Mum bought us a puppy.
Mum called us for dinner.
Mum came out of the shop.
Mum cooked a lot of dishes today.
Mum cooks in the kitchen.
Mum didn't mention it.
Mum divided the cake into three.
Mum doesn't let me wear nail varnish.
Mum had a lot to do.
Mum helps me a lot.
Mum is always right.
Mum is baking him a cake at the moment.
Mum is bathing at the well.
Mum is busy working.
Mum is cooking in the kitchen.
Mum is home.
Mum is just baking him a cake.
Mum is making a cake.
Mum is making breakfast.
Mum is making me a birthday cake.
Mum is older than Dad.
Mum is playing tennis now.
Mum is playing tennis.
Mum is stirring the soup with a wooden spoon.
Mum is the first one up in the morning.
Mum is the first to get up in the morning.
Mum isn't fit enough to look after him.
Mum isn't going to be home for lunch, so you should microwave some rice and side dishes from the fridge.
Mum knitted a jumper for me.
Mum knitted me a jumper.
Mum laid the table.
Mum lectured me.
Mum likes skimmed milk.
Mum looks young for her age.
Mum loved this photo.
Mum made lunch for me.
Mum made no mention of it.
Mum made some apple pie today.
Mum made some lunch for me.
Mum often says that time is money.
Mum opens the door.
Mum plays tennis.
Mum said if I don't behave, she'll take the computer away for a week.
Mum said the same thing. But, so what? It's got nothing to do with me.
Mum said the same thing. But, so what? It’s got nothing to do with me.
Mum said we could stay up late tonight.
Mum says I'm allowed to stay up until 10:30 PM.
Mum says I'm allowed to stay up until ten-thirty.
Mum says that I speak too fast.
Mum says that I speak too quietly.
Mum says you should get up.
Mum sent me to ask you what time you want dinner.
Mum speaks to me too quickly.
Mum stayed in the car while Dad did the shopping.
Mum told us kids to stay in the house and not to go outside for anything until she got home.
Mum was busy sewing.
Mum was making dinner.
Mum will be very pleased.
Mum! Can you pass me the toilet paper?
Mum! Don't compare me with Sam!
Mum! Hector's doing my head in!
Mum! Hector's doing my nut!
Mum! Marcus is hitting Quintus!
Mum! Stop! It's embarrassing!
Mum! Stop! You're embarrassing me.
Mum! Tom ate my cookie!
Mum! Tom's eaten my biscuit!
Mum's already said yes.
Mum's always right.
Mum's back from shopping.
Mum's cooking in the kitchen.
Mum's frying some fish for dinner.
Mum's going to fry us some sprats for tea tonight.
Mum's just gone shopping.
Mum's the word!
Mum's the word.
Mum's working.
Mum, Dad, I've got something to tell you.
Mum, Dad, this is Tom. He'll be staying with us.
Mum, I am hungry.
Mum, I want you to plait my hair.
Mum, I'm going to school. Bye!
Mum, I'm hungry.
Mum, I've asked you a thousand times not to phone me at work!
Mum, I've asked you a thousand times not to ring me at work!
Mum, I've got a bellyache.
Mum, I've got an erection.
Mum, a mere woman surrounded by men, works in a construction company as a site foreman.
Mum, can you help me?
Mum, can you read me a bedtime story?
Mum, could you read me a bedtime story?
Mum, he's kicking me!
Mum, how do they get the holes in cheese?
Mum, hurry up!
Mum, my willy's all hard.
Mum, the doggy did a wee-wee on the sofa!
Mum, the doggy's done a wee-wee on the sofa!
Mum, the dogs are hungry.
Mum, the rice crackers have gone soft and they don't taste good anymore.
Mum, the rice crackers have gotten damp and they're not nice anymore.
Mum, there's no toilet paper left!
Mum, what are you thinking about?
Mum, what is the address of Father Christmas? I would like to send him a letter.
Mum, when will we arrive?
Mum, where's Dad?
Mum, where's the sugar?
Mum, where’s Dad?
Mum, why am I an idiot?
Mum, why doesn't Dad clean his own study?
Mum, why doesn’t Dad clean his own study?
Mum, why is that lady crying?
Mum, will Father Christmas have to leave the North Pole when the ice melts?
Mum, you're the best.
Mumbai has a large Muslim population.
Mumbai is the capital of the Indian state of Maharashtra.
Mumbai is the most populous city in India and the second most populous city in the world.
Mumbai's vada pav and pav bhaji are very famous.
Mumbai, which was then called Bombay, was the capital of the Bombay Presidency.
Mumbai, which was then called Bombay, was the capital of the Bombay State.
Mumbo Jumbo is a YouTuber who focuses on Minecraft content.
Mummy and Daddy are very nervous.
Mummy and I moved into the hall.
Mummy cried.
Mummy has to do the washing this afternoon.
Mummy is buying me a toy.
Mummy! Give me my alphabet book!
Mummy's working.
Mummy, I've finished my homework. Can I go out and play now?
Mummy, I've got an erection.
Mummy, Tom keeps hitting me! Tell him to stop!
Mummy, could you give me money to buy sweets?
Mummy, my willy's all hard.
Mummy, that man just fell flat on his face!
Mummy, what is Santa Claus's address? I want to send him a letter.
Mummy, where's my hanky?
Mummy, where’s my hanky?
Mummy, who's terrified of mice, had two fears to cope with.
Mummy, who’s terrified of mice, had two fears to cope with.
Mumps is an infectious disease.
Mum’s the word!
Mum’s the word.
Munch on this.
Mundopalet is by far not alone, as Spanish companies grapple with supply chain problems, typical of other sectors, from winemakers to farmers.
Munich is in Germany.
Munich is the capital of Bavaria.
Munich is the dearest city in Germany.
Munich is the most expensive city in Germany.
Municipal services are provided by a variety of public and private organizations.
Munir and Lisa celebrated their wedding in a charming town of Tuscany.
Munir dreamed about surfing in Gaza.
Munir has given up hope to ever visit his native Palestine again.
Munir lives in a quiet area to the south of Gaza City.
Munir made that dish at home.
Munir returned to Bejaia, Algeria.
Munir sold his cafe in Gaza.
Munir took a taxi from Gaza to Rafah.
Munir tried to obtain permission to travel to the West Bank, but to no avail.
Munir wanted to be buried in his native Palestine.
Munir was paralyzed from being shot five times by Israeli soldiers.
Munir's car was struck by an Israeli missile.
Muons are charged particles similar to electrons, and scientists say they are "highly penetrative."
Muphry’s Law states that when criticising someone else's spelling or grammar, you'll make an error.
Muplis is a small tool for searching Lojban sentences.
Muppets will be muppets.
Murano is known for glassmaking.
Murder and robbery are criminal acts.
Murder hit our tiny town in 1987, when Layla Bakir was savagely killed by her boyfriend Sami Majid.
Murder is a crime against humanity.
Murder is a crime.
Murder is a monstrous act.
Murder is a wicked crime.
Murder is against the law.
Murder is an everyday event in some of the larger cities of the United States.
Murder is murder even if it is committed by a soldier.
Murder is punishable by death.
Murder is punished by death.
Murder is the only option.
Murder is wrong.
Murder isn't the answer.
Murder me by numbers you possibly may; but I am an armed man—I am a desperate man, and I will not die without ample vengeance.
Murder will out.
Murder, rape, and torture are atrocities associated with times of war.
Murderer!
Murderers and thieves can come from any angle.
Murdering elephants, tigers and other endangered species is not just cruel; it's also illegal.
Murdering elephants, tigers and other endangered species is not just cruel; it’s also illegal.
Murdering people is perhaps not the solution to being inconvenienced.
Murdering someone from behind their back is for cowards.
Murderous revenge is a story as old as time.
Murders are very common in big cities.
Muri arranged the letters on the front of her letterbox in the form of the golden ratio.
Muri arranged the letters on the front of my letterbox in the form of the golden ratio.
Muriel is Indian.
Muriel is living poorly off of her part-time job.
Muriel is making a poor living from her part-time job.
Muriel is twenty years old.
Muriel just turned twenty.
Muriel turned 20.
Murielle is Indian.
Murielle is from India.
Murine cells are no smaller than human cells.
Murine models are used in drug development research.
Murke says he turned his jeans into a life jacket that kept him afloat for over three hours.
Murphy's Law is recursive. Washing your car to make it rain doesn't work.
Murphy's law states that whatever can go wrong will go wrong.
Musa is a really interesting guy.
Musa is an interesting guy.
Muscat is Oman's capital.
Muscat is the capital of Oman.
Muscle atrophy, as it's also known, is a common result of starvation and a number of very serious diseases, including cancer, diabetes and AIDS.
Muscle tissue consists of countless cells.
Muscle tissue consists of innumerable cells.
Muscles are made of hundreds of thin fibers.
Muscular dystrophy is an incredibly rare, but extremely serious disease.
Muscular male strippers came to Tom's bachelor party.
Muse, recount to me the reasons; what deity was offended, or what was the queen of the gods grieving, that she should drive a man extraordinary in his piety to undergo so many misfortunes, to endure so many hardships. Do the heavenly spirits have such passions?
Museum founder and curator Bob McCoy says the Psychograph was the first piece in his large collection of ill-advised medical devices.
Museum officials said Monday they purchased the four-volume set of books known as the "Chunhuage Tie" from an American collector.
Museum officials think that ETA wanted more Basque art in the museum.
Museum officials think that ETA will not harm the museum in the future.
Museum team member Kevin May excavates at various prehistoric sites in Alaska.
Museums do a pretty good job preserving history.
Museums, theaters and cinemas have been closed nationwide.
Mushfiqur Rahim has become the brand ambassador of Samsung Electronics Bangladesh.
Mushrooms and plants belong to different kingdoms.
Mushrooms are a kind of fungus.
Mushrooms are as old as God.
Mushrooms are human.
Mushrooms are in season now, so they are cheap.
Mushrooms are in season now.
Mushrooms are not for rent and the gingerbread house is not to let at the moment.
Mushrooms are wise, magical beings.
Mushrooms are wise.
Mushrooms are yum.
Mushrooms contain significant amounts of minerals.
Mushrooms invented time.
Mushrooms, strawberries, myrtle trees and so on come from the woods.
Music affords us much pleasure.
Music and art can greatly contribute to the enjoyment of life.
Music and sound are very closely related.
Music and sounds are very important in movies.
Music at times is more like perfume than mathematics.
Music begins where words leave off.
Music bores me.
Music brightens our lives.
Music can be defined as the art of producing emotion by the combination of sounds.
Music can make cats happy.
Music can name the unnameable and communicate the unknowable.
Music connects us all.
Music constitutes a part of me.
Music doesn't know borders.
Music expresses that which cannot be said and on which it is impossible to be silent.
Music expresses what cannot be said in words.
Music fascinates me.
Music feeds our imagination.
Music festival goers were met at the entrance by police sniffer dogs, resulting in over one hundred arrests for drug possession.
Music fills the infinite between two souls.
Music forms a central part of their culture.
Music from my childhood greatly impacts my mood.
Music from my home makes me cry.
Music gives me strength.
Music gives sound to fury, shape to joy.
Music gratifies the ears.
Music has a charm that soothes even the savage's breast.
Music has charms to soothe a savage breast.
Music has charms to soothe the savage beast.
Music has charms to soothe the savage breast.
Music has no age.
Music has settled her nerves.
Music has the power to bring us joy and comfort us in difficult times.
Music has the power to calm even beasts.
Music has the power to go deep into my soul.
Music has the power to touch the chords of my soul.
Music improves the mood.
Music in the soul can be heard by the universe.
Music is Mary's life; her education happens as a kind of afterthought.
Music is Mary's life; school is almost an afterthought.
Music is Tom's passion.
Music is a God given gift.
Music is a big part of my life.
Music is a common speech for humanity.
Music is a form of entertainment.
Music is a gift from God.
Music is a good thing.
Music is a good way to fight silence.
Music is a higher revelation than all wisdom and philosophy.
Music is a language everyone can understand.
Music is a language of its own.
Music is a language that everyone understands.
Music is a language understood by all humans.
Music is a moral law. It gives soul to the universe, wings to the mind, flight to the imagination, and charm and gaiety to life and to everything.
Music is a part of me.
Music is a universal idiom.
Music is a universal language.
Music is a way to dream together and go to another dimension.
Music is an agreeable harmony for the honor of God and the permissible delights of the soul.
Music is an art, not a science.
Music is an important part of my life.
Music is an international language.
Music is an outburst of the soul.
Music is boring.
Music is considered food for the soul.
Music is ever present in our daily lives.
Music is everything, and you want it to be loud!
Music is everything.
Music is for losers.
Music is getting worse every year.
Music is good for health.
Music is her passion.
Music is his abiding passion.
Music is his passion.
Music is humankind's common language.
Music is important to me.
Music is inner life, and he will never suffer loneliness who has inner life.
Music is life.
Music is love.
Music is my hobby.
Music is my life.
Music is my passion.
Music is noise that thinks.
Music is not a language. But some languages are music to my ears.
Music is one of those things that make us feel a little less alone in the world.
Music is only love looking for words.
Music is sound that thinks.
Music is the arithmetic of sounds as optics is the geometry of light.
Music is the divine way to tell beautiful, poetic things to the heart.
Music is the expression of the movement of the waters, the play of curves described by changing breezes.
Music is the greatest of the arts.
Music is the international language.
Music is the language of angels.
Music is the language of the heart.
Music is the language of the soul.
Music is the language shared by humanity.
Music is the mediator between the spiritual and the sensual life.
Music is the most beautiful art for telling somebody how you really feel about them.
Music is the most beautiful art for telling someone how you really feel about them.
Music is the most perishable of things, fragile and delicate, easily destroyed.
Music is the only universal language, because it doesn't need decoding.
Music is the silence between the notes.
Music is the soul of geometry.
Music is the soul of language.
Music is the soundtrack of your life.
Music is the universal language of mankind — poetry their universal pastime and delight.
Music is the universal language.
Music is to the soul what gymnastics is to the body.
Music is troublesome. It seems that no sooner have you created it, than it in some strange way fades its original spark that was glorified by your mind.
Music is universal.
Music is well said to be the speech of angels.
Music is wonderful for the soul.
Music is your passion.
Music is, and will likely always be, Tom's greatest joy in life.
Music isn't my strong suit.
Music isn't really a science.
Music lifts my spirits and energizes me.
Music lifts the spirits.
Music makes cats happy.
Music makes our life happy.
Music makes our lives more beautiful.
Music moves the feelings.
Music often hurts my ears because it's loud.
Music played during the broadcast is faded out in the podcast.
Music played softly.
Music preferences vary from person to person.
Music produces a kind of pleasure which human nature cannot do without.
Music raises the spirits.
Music really can soothe the soul.
Music saved my life.
Music should strike fire from the heart of man, and bring tears from the eyes of woman.
Music sounds slower when you're running.
Music started playing in the restaurant so there was a real romantic mood.
Music surrounds our lives like air.
Music that doesn't transmit feelings, images, thoughts, or memories is just background noise.
Music that doesn’t transmit feelings, images, thoughts, or memories is just background noise.
Music touched my soul in a way I can’t explain.
Music unites.
Music videos are silly.
Music was an integral part of almost every aspect of ancient Greek society, from religious, to social to athletic events.
Music was my first love and it will be my last!
Music was the focus of my life.
Music, books and the dance floor are some of life's great means of escape.
Musical beauty has a direct and inseparable link to mathematical beauty.
Musical education in Italian schools is very neglected.
Musical talent can be developed if it's properly trained.
Musical talent can be developed if it’s properly trained.
Musical talent usually blooms at an early age.
Musical theater is not popular in Greece.
Musicians are sexy.
Musicians are usually sensitive to criticism.
Musicians around the world are being creative about performing and honing their craft while stuck at home.
Musicians who have taken part in the annual training and festival make up “a big family,” said Turkish violist Sakul, “so I’m proud to be a part of it,” he added.
Musicologist, cantor and entertainer Ramon Tasat, who grew up in an Argentine Sephardic family, nowadays introduces rapt American audiences to the haunting Ladino songs of his childhood.
Musk is one of the best scents.
Musk put a chip in his workers' brains and controlled them with a remote control.
Muskrats are responsible for the destruction of dams and dikes.
Muskrats are responsible for the destruction of protective dams and levees.
Muslilms are actually living the Bible way more than Christians.
Muslim Americans are barely one percent of the US population.
Muslim North Africa gained power and prosperity through trade with sub-Saharan Africa.
Muslim believe in predestination.
Muslim believers assemble in mosques to pray.
Muslim democracies are rare.
Muslim is not a race.
Muslim isn't an ethnicity.
Muslim men are allowed marry Christian and Jewish women. If your wife is Christian or Jewish, how would you hate her in the first place?
Muslim men could marry Jewish women.
Muslim scholars confirmed that.
Muslim scholars need to address these issues.
Muslim scholars talked about that.
Muslim traders from Arabia introduced Islam to Malaysia and Indonesia.
Muslim traders introduced Islam to Southeast Asia.
Muslim women continuing to wear the veil became subject of public harassment.
Muslim women dress conservatively.
Muslim women need to cover themselves properly.
Muslim worshipers were attacked in Jerusalem.
Muslim worshippers were savagely attacked and beaten by Israeli police inside the al-Aqsa Mosque.
Muslims accept Abraham, Moses, and Jesus as messengers of God.
Muslims accept Jesus and Moses as messengers of God.
Muslims accept Jesus as a messenger of God.
Muslims adhere to the teaching of the prophet Mohammed.
Muslims advocate for peace, not violence.
Muslims always pray facing toward Mecca.
Muslims and Jews are minorities in Europe.
Muslims and Jews don't believe that Jesus is the son of God.
Muslims and Jews don't celebrate Christmas. It's a Christian celebration.
Muslims and Jews serve the same God.
Muslims and Jews share the same God.
Muslims and Jews worship the same God.
Muslims are a global community.
Muslims are actually living according to Biblical teachings way more than Christians.
Muslims are being abused throughout the world.
Muslims are being attacked everywhere.
Muslims are being cut off from their holy site of the Al-Aqsa Mosque.
Muslims are circumcised.
Muslims are committed to ending terrorism in all forms.
Muslims are doing a lot of things that are mentioned in the Bible.
Muslims are experiencing hatred in Myanmar and Sri Lanka.
Muslims are human beings.
Muslims are humans just like all of us.
Muslims are just people and some of them behave badly.
Muslims are just people and they make mistakes.
Muslims are killing each other around the world.
Muslims are known for their hospitality.
Muslims are normal people and there are good Muslims and bad Muslims.
Muslims are normal people.
Muslims are not a race.
Muslims are only a minority in this country.
Muslims are ordinary people.
Muslims are people who follow a religion called Islam.
Muslims are people. They have their strengths and their weaknesses.
Muslims are portrayed in a different light by Western media.
Muslims are portrayed like extremists that want to kill all non-Muslims.
Muslims are protesting in India.
Muslims are required to fast during Ramadan.
Muslims are scattered throughout the Russian territory.
Muslims are still under attack.
Muslims are talking too much and are doing little.
Muslims are the biggest demographic group in this country.
Muslims are the only true monotheists.
Muslims aren't supposed to pray in the bathroom.
Muslims around the world are against terrorism.
Muslims believe in Abraham, Moses, Jesus, and Muhammad peace be upon them all.
Muslims believe in Abraham, Moses, Jesus, and Muhammad.
Muslims believe in Abraham.
Muslims believe in Allah.
Muslims believe in God's messengers.
Muslims believe in God's plans.
Muslims believe in God.
Muslims believe in Isaac.
Muslims believe in Jesus and Muhammad.
Muslims believe in Jesus as a prophet.
Muslims believe in Jesus' miracles.
Muslims believe in Jesus, may God be pleased with him.
Muslims believe in Jesus, peace be upon him, as a prophet.
Muslims believe in Jesus, peace be upon him.
Muslims believe in Jesus, too.
Muslims believe in Jesus.
Muslims believe in Mary and Jesus.
Muslims believe in Moses.
Muslims believe in Muhammad and Jesus, peace be upon them.
Muslims believe in Muhammad, peace be upon him.
Muslims believe in a God who is all-knowledgeable.
Muslims believe in a God who is all-powerful.
Muslims believe in a God who is just.
Muslims believe in a God who is merciful.
Muslims believe in angels.
Muslims believe in destiny.
Muslims believe in jinns.
Muslims believe in life after death.
Muslims believe in one God.
Muslims believe in one god.
Muslims believe in one single God.
Muslims believe in the Day of Judgment.
Muslims believe in the Quran.
Muslims believe in the day of judgment.
Muslims believe in the day of reckoning.
Muslims believe in the existence of jinns.
Muslims believe in the great Judgment Day.
Muslims believe in the hereafter.
Muslims believe in the miraculous birth of Jesus.
Muslims believe in the oneness of God.
Muslims believe in the prophet Muhammad, peace be upon him.
Muslims believe in the same god that Christians and Jews believe in.
Muslims believe in the truth of the Quran.
Muslims believe in universal brotherhood.
Muslims believe only in Allah as the unique God, and in Mohammad as the last prophet.
Muslims believe that Jesus was a prophet of God.
Muslims believe that Jesus was one of God's messengers.
Muslims believe that Jesus was saved by God.
Muslims believe that Jesus was saved from crucifixion.
Muslims believe that Jesus will come back to fight the Antichrist.
Muslims believe that Jesus, Moses, and Abraham were Muslims.
Muslims believe that Jesus, peace be upon him, was one of God's messengers.
Muslims believe that Jesus, the son of Mary, was a prophet of God.
Muslims believe that Muhammad is God's messenger.
Muslims believe that the Quran is the word of God.
Muslims believe that there is only one God.
Muslims believe that they are accompanied by two angels who record their good and bad deeds.
Muslims believe the Qur'an was revealed to Mohammed by the archangel Gabriel.
Muslims believe there is only one God.
Muslims believe they have one creator.
Muslims bow down to God.
Muslims bury their dead in graves.
Muslims call Jesus Issa.
Muslims call each other brothers and sisters.
Muslims can't eat pork.
Muslims collaborate to challenge terrorism.
Muslims come together to combat terrorism.
Muslims consider that the trinity is false.
Muslims constitute 1.1 percent of the population of the United States and 5 percent of its physician workforce.
Muslims could marry Jewish women.
Muslims denounce violence in all forms.
Muslims do not eat pork.
Muslims don't accept acts of violence.
Muslims don't believe in the Trinity.
Muslims don't believe in the cross.
Muslims don't believe that Jesus died for our sins.
Muslims don't believe that Jesus died.
Muslims don't believe that Jesus is divine.
Muslims don't believe that Jesus is the son of God.
Muslims don't believe that Jesus was crucified.
Muslims don't believe that Jesus, peace be upon him, died for our sins.
Muslims don't believe that.
Muslims don't celebrate Christmas.
Muslims don't compromise their standards.
Muslims don't cuss.
Muslims don't do that.
Muslims don't drink.
Muslims don't eat cat.
Muslims don't eat dog.
Muslims don't eat pork because it's dangerous meat.
Muslims don't eat pork.
Muslims don't eat snake.
Muslims don't endorse violence in the name of religion.
Muslims don't play music at the mosque.
Muslims don't play music in their mosques.
Muslims don't reject Jesus.
Muslims don't worship Muhammad, peace be upon him.
Muslims don't worship Muhammad.
Muslims don't worship the Kaaba.
Muslims don't worship the Kaabah.
Muslims dress in different ways.
Muslims everywhere condemn violence.
Muslims face Mecca to pray.
Muslims face the qibla to pray.
Muslims fast and pray.
Muslims fast during Ramadan.
Muslims feel very insecure in this part of India.
Muslims follow Prophet Muhammad, peace be upon him.
Muslims found that cartoon offensive.
Muslims from all nations denounce terrorism.
Muslims from different countries denounce terrorism.
Muslims from various countries are united in opposing terrorism.
Muslims go to the mosque every Friday.
Muslims hate Western countries, but look forward to their COVID-19 vaccine!
Muslims have a holy book called the Quran.
Muslims have also been killed.
Muslims have been really good people to me.
Muslims have lots of things that we don't have.
Muslims have no issue with Jews. Muslims have an issue with Zionism.
Muslims have rights here.
Muslims have strong family ties.
Muslims have the right to defend themselves.
Muslims have to pray in Arabic.
Muslims hold Jesus dear.
Muslims like me should taste pork.
Muslims love Jesus, too.
Muslims love Jesus.
Muslims love only themselves even though they often make war among themselves!
Muslims must protect the al-Aqsa Mosque.
Muslims need to attract people to Islam.
Muslims need to be the best examples for each other.
Muslims need to do everything they can to stop groups like Daesh.
Muslims need to know that not all Jews are Zionists and many of them reject the Zionist ideology.
Muslims only believe in one God.
Muslims only think about building mosques all over the world but are completely against building churches in their countries of origin. Take a survey and you will be surprised at the result because you are naive!
Muslims perform hajj in Mecca, Saudi Arabia.
Muslims pray a lot about everything.
Muslims pray every day.
Muslims pray five times a day.
Muslims pray in mosques.
Muslims pray to God.
Muslims predominate here.
Muslims predominate in this area.
Muslims promote understanding and reject extremist views.
Muslims proselytize.
Muslims rely on God.
Muslims represent a fifth of the planet. Do all these people deserve to be bombed by the "civilized armies" of the West?
Muslims seek a peaceful world without violence.
Muslims should advise each other.
Muslims should be kind to non-Muslims.
Muslims should donate, not dump.
Muslims should give gifts to each other.
Muslims should hate the sin but not the sinner.
Muslims should have a say in that.
Muslims should help anybody around them.
Muslims should help each other.
Muslims should help their neighbors.
Muslims should invite each other to their houses.
Muslims should love each other.
Muslims should make their lives better.
Muslims should not abuse homosexuals even though they're doing something that's not morally acceptable in Islam.
Muslims should sit when they pee.
Muslims should support each other.
Muslims should visit each other.
Muslims should visit the sick.
Muslims shouldn't push people away.
Muslims shouldn't swear during the month of Ramadan.
Muslims shouldn't waste food.
Muslims shouldn't wear revealing clothes.
Muslims stand united in the battle against terrorism.
Muslims still have a massive influence in these regions of Africa.
Muslims strive for a world free of terror.
Muslims submit only to God.
Muslims submit to the will of God.
Muslims support each other.
Muslims talk too much and do little.
Muslims tolerated Christians and Jews.
Muslims try to please God.
Muslims unite in their fight against terrorism.
Muslims want to live in peace.
Muslims watch TV.
Muslims who are tolerant are no longer Muslims because they no longer apply the precepts of Islam that are liberticidal.
Muslims work together to eliminate terrorism.
Muslims work towards resolving issues peacefully.
Muslims worship Allah.
Muslims worship God.
Muslims worship none but the One Creator of the universe.
Muslims worship one god.
Muslims worship solely God.
Muslims, Christians, Jews, and Hindus need to learn more about each other's religion.
Muslims, Christians, and Jews are worshipping the same God.
Muslims, Christians, and Jews believe in God.
Muslims, Christians, and Jews need to be building bridges and denounce Zionism and all forms of extremism.
Muslims, Christians, and Jews serve the same god.
Muslims, Christians, and Jews worship the same god.
Mussels contributed to a valve problem in the 1990s at the Nine Mile Nuclear Power plant in Lake Ontario.
Mussels have shells.
Mussolini Death Day is celebrated every year on April 28th.
Mussolini deserved worse than having his corpse be hung upside down in a public square.
Mussolini did not make the trains run on time.
Mussolini was a dictator.
Mussolini was killed by some heroes while trying to escape Italy for Switzerland.
Mussolini was leader of the fascist dictatorship.
Mussolini was the founder of fascism.
Mussolini was treated appropriately.
Must I always do everything myself?
Must I always go through this?
Must I answer all the questions?
Must I answer in English?
Must I attend the party tonight?
Must I call them before I give it back?
Must I clean the room?
Must I come home now?
Must I do everything myself?
Must I do it now?
Must I finish this work?
Must I give him a reason?
Must I go on?
Must I go there at once?
Must I go with you?
Must I go?
Must I hurry?
Must I leave at once?
Must I open everything?
Must I open the window?
Must I pay for the petrol?
Must I repaint the wall?
Must I reserve a ticket a long time in advance?
Must I sign here?
Must I speak English?
Must I start at once?
Must I stay home today?
Must I stay in bed?
Must I take this lesson?
Must I take this medicine?
Must I thread the needle for you?
Must I wear a tie at work?
Must I write in ink?
Must Mary stay at home today?
Must Tom be here?
Must be nice...
Must be the holidays; there are no more traffic jams in Paris.
Must dash.
Must fly!
Must get some food.
Must he be able to speak English?
Must see.
Must she stay at home today?
Must the woman always play the secondary role?
Must there be a link between diet and health?
Must this letter be written in English?
Must we already go? - Yes, the time has come.
Must we dress up?
Must we really go to this party?
Must we take the bus?
Must we wait for her here?
Must we wait for them here?
Must you always have your own way?
Must you do that?
Must you do this every time?
Must you go already?
Must you go to the post office?
Must you keep going on about it?
Must you needlessly touch everything with your filthy hands?
Must you work on Sunday?
Mustaches are not allowed.
Mustafa Kemal Ataturk proclaimed the Turkish Republic in the year of 1923.
Mustafa Kemal Atatürk proclaimed the Republic of Turkey in 1923.
Mustafa Kemal Atatürk proclaimed the Turkish Republic in 1923.
Mustafa Kemal is known by many as the father of the Turkish nation.
Mustafa draws very nice pictures.
Mustafa knows the best spots with green, lush grass where his goats can feast.
Mustafa, come home.
Mustafa, look at the horse.
Mutable objects can be changed after initialization; immutable objects cannot.
Mute people can communicate using sign language.
Mute with fear, / perplext, aghast I stood, and upright rose my hair.
Mutilating intersex babies is something almost every transphobe supports.
Mutton is cheap nowadays.
Mutts aren't usually crosses between purebreds.
Mutts existed before "purebreds."
Mutual aid does not require that people like each other, only that they have a common need.
Mutual aid helps.
Mutual aid is beneficial to organisms in times of crisis, particularly when facing the elements.
Mutual aid is missing between people.
Mutual respect and understanding create healthier dynamics.
Mutual respect is essential.
Mutual respect is important for maintaining a long-lasting friendship.
Mutual respect is the foundation of good relationships.
Mutual respect is the key to good relationships.
Mutual respect must underpin any healthy society.
Mutual respect plays a key role.
Mutual respect should be a priority.
Mutual steps have to be taken.
Mutual trust is more important than mutual understanding.
Mutual understanding is essential for us.
Mutual understanding is essential.
Mutual understanding makes for peace.
Mutual understanding promotes peace.
Muzharul Islam was the pioneer of Bangladeshi modern architecture.
Muzzle it.
Muğla is a province of Turkey.
Muḥend Belqasem is giving live training on Facebook every Thursday.
Mwa, ha, ha, ha, ha! Your soul will be mine!
Mwah!
Mwalagho calls her performances in schools, theaters and local festivals “edutainment,” because they’re meant to educate as well as entertain.
Mwalagho was recently appointed an Ambassador for Peace by the Inter-Religious and International Federation for Peace.
Mwanawasa was reelected in 2006 in an election that was deemed free and fair.
Mx. Tanaka is a friend of ours.
Mx. Tanaka is a senior from the fencing club during my college days.
Mx. Tanaka, you are wanted on the phone.
My "Compare with active document" button is not active for some reason. What should I do?
My "Esperanto is not a cult" T-shirt has people asking a lot of questions already answered by the shirt.
My "Uncle" Bert helped my Papa Frank build our ground floor bedrooms and bathroom.
My "Uncle" Rey and "Auntie" Lettie used to bet in horse races in Vancouver's PNE, Pacific National Exhibition.
My "grandma" neighbour Moli, a Fijian of mixed Chinese and East Indian descent, has grandchildren Darius and Jewel, who are part black because their father was a Caribbean black. So, the grandchildren have all Mongoloid, Caucasoid, Negroid, and Australoid ancestries.
My "soulmates" are sci-fi fans, ufologists, conlangers, Orientalists, and nudists.
My 3 year old is really trying my patience!
My 3-year-old is really getting on my nerves.
My 7 favorite languages are English, French, Spanish, German, Japanese, Chinese, and Portuguese.
My 7th graders are annoying.
My A/C broke down.
My Administration is committed to creating an unprecedented level of openness in Government. We will work together to ensure the public trust and establish a system of transparency, public participation, and collaboration.
My Administration will take appropriate action, consistent with law and policy, to disclose information rapidly in forms that the public can readily find and use.
My African violet died because I overwatered it.
My Algerian friend took me to Kabylie.
My Algerian in-laws are from Kabylie.
My American classes are more informal.
My Angolan friend speaks Umbundu.
My Arabic is far from perfect.
My Arabic isn't very good.
My Arabic teacher texted me.
My Berber accent was made fun of.
My Berber class is at four o'clock.
My Berber class was cancelled.
My Berber grammar is not good at all.
My Berber is OK.
My Berber is good.
My Berber is not as good as it used to be.
My Berber is not very good.
My Berber is pretty good.
My Berber is shit.
My Berber is terrible.
My Berber is too bad.
My Berber literature class was coming to an end.
My Berber tutor was happy with me.
My Berber wasn't good enough to explain that.
My Brazilian friend and her German husband live in Berlin.
My Brazilian grandson and his Russian wife live in Brazil. They have a son and a daughter – my great-grandchildren.
My Cantonese is better than my Mandarin.
My Chinese did not pass.
My Chinese friend Don and I usually favoured watching sci-fi movies in the theatres, but as a break from that habit, he sometimes suggested that we see a "girly" movie.
My Chinese grandfather is beaten to death by Japanese camp guards.
My Chinese grandfather was beaten to death by Japanese camp guards.
My Chinese is far from perfect, but I can roughly understand everything he is saying.
My Chinese is not perfect, but I could understand enough of what he said.
My Chinese is terrible.
My Chinese isn't very good.
My Chinese isn’t very good.
My Chinese neighbour Sherman C. whispered that the Japanese are like the Eloi in the franchise The Time Machine of H.G. Wells. I guess that the Morlocks may be those whom the Japanese call "gaijin."
My Chinese teacher is a man.
My Chinese-Filipino friend Philip grew up in North America, but he speaks the family language of Hokkien. His family hailed from Cebu Island.
My Christian parents on Lulu Island were afraid of my sci-fi books. When I was away in Japan, they removed my collection from the bookshelf.
My Christmas is now ruined.
My Christmas wish came true.
My DVD collection is absolutely miniscule.
My Dane-French friend Michael and I for days have been seeing strange light formations in the alley near No. 3 Road. Michael thinks that they could be related to UFOs.
My Danish pronunciation is not very accurate.
My EV has a froot.
My East Indian friend Jai L. is really different from his other countryfolk because he had lived in Europe and became somewhat Europeanized.
My East Indian friend Jai, whose family background was Hindu, and I often discussed what belief system would be good for India. We both tended to think that Buddhism or secularism would be best.
My Elvish is rusty, but I think he's saying he means us no harm.
My English is Canadian English, not British. We have "metre" and not "meter," but we have "jail" and not "gaol." But I think that in Britain, "jail" is becoming popular, too.
My English is actually not so good.
My English is anything but good.
My English is at intermediate level.
My English is bad.
My English is coming along.
My English is far from perfect.
My English is going downhill.
My English is improving a lot.
My English is incorrect.
My English is not as good as his.
My English is not feminine.
My English is not good at all.
My English is not good enough to explain my problem.
My English is not good.
My English is not very good.
My English is not very perfect and I sometimes have trouble understanding.
My English is perfect and it helps me connect with others.
My English is perfect!
My English is really bad.
My English is so-so.
My English is terrible.
My English isn't good enough to explain my problem.
My English isn't that bad actually.
My English isn't very good.
My English proficiency boosts my confidence in all areas.
My English skills have opened many doors for me.
My English speaking skills are spotless.
My English teacher advised me to read these books.
My English teacher has advised me to read these books.
My English teacher recommended that I read these books.
My English teacher ruined my life in my senior year.
My English teacher was a bitch.
My English writing has several influences. From age 10 and under, I learned American English writing, in tandem with Tagalog writing, in the Philippines, then from age 10 and above, in Canada, I learned Canadian English writing until university. Meanwhile, reading various American and British science fiction and fantasy books moulded my mind, as well as did the French that I have been learning since Grade 5 in Canada. Then in university, I learned Spanish and Japanese. There were bits of Esperanto in my teenage years, during university, and after university. Ergo, other languages have influenced my English writing idiolect.
My Esperantist friend Jürgen Kuhl, a German, advocated anarchosyndicalism and often alluded to the politics of E. Lanti.
My Esperanto club sometimes held meetings at the cafeteria of the mountaintop university, SFU.
My Esperanto is considerably better than my Hebrew.
My Facebook account was hacked.
My Fijian neighbour Moli, who is half-Chinese and half-East Indian, is a really good cook. I like her stews with sea cucumbers and also her duck curry. Her name means "orange" in the Fijian language. Her husband Leong is a good fisherman. The couple often speaks English with a Fijian accent. They know also Cantonese and Fijian. Moli knows some Hindi.
My Fijian neighbours like me practicing writing English. I said, "But your Fijian sounds more beautiful!" Fijian is related to my native language, Tagalog.
My Fijian neighbours' daughter has been on vacation in Costa Rica for some time now. Their family is a mix of Chinese and East Indian. Their daughter was married to a black Caribbean and has a son and daughter from him. So, her children are Mongoloid-Caucasoid-Negroid-Australoid hybrids.
My Filipino neighbour, who liked eating cherries, took Japanese in high school, whilst I waited until university. He was a strange character, admittedly effeminate by choice.
My French Bulldog would wag her tail to greet you, but it's too short to wag.
My French class is at 2:30.
My French class is first period.
My French friend brought me wine and cheese from France.
My French good enough to tell them what I need.
My French got better after I got married to a native French speaker.
My French has got a lot better.
My French has got much better.
My French has gotten a lot better.
My French has gotten better.
My French has gotten much better.
My French has improved a lot since I started studying with Tom.
My French has improved a lot.
My French has improved at the expense of my English.
My French has improved quite a bit.
My French has improved quite a lot.
My French hasn't gotten any better since the last time we met.
My French is OK, but not great.
My French is OK.
My French is a little rusty.
My French is actually not so good.
My French is actually not very good.
My French is awful.
My French is bad.
My French is better than my English.
My French is considerably better than my English.
My French is crappy.
My French is fairly good.
My French is far from perfect.
My French is getting better.
My French is getting rusty.
My French is good enough to be understood.
My French is good.
My French is gradually improving.
My French is improving.
My French is just so-so.
My French is limited.
My French is much better than my English.
My French is not all that good.
My French is not good at all.
My French is not so bad.
My French is not that good.
My French is pathetic.
My French is pretty good, I think.
My French is pretty rusty, too.
My French is quite good.
My French is really bad.
My French is ropey.
My French is rusty.
My French is shitty.
My French is still not very good.
My French is terrible.
My French is very limited.
My French isn't actually that bad.
My French isn't as good as it used to be.
My French isn't as good as yours.
My French isn't bad.
My French isn't good at all.
My French isn't good enough to explain that.
My French isn't good enough to explain the problem.
My French isn't good enough to read poetry yet.
My French isn't good enough to understand French poetry.
My French isn't good enough.
My French isn't perfect, but I can communicate well enough.
My French isn't really good enough to work at a place like that.
My French isn't so bad.
My French isn't so good.
My French isn't that bad.
My French isn't that good.
My French isn't up to much, I'm afraid.
My French isn't very good, but I can usually make myself understood.
My French isn't very good, but people seem to understand what I'm trying to say most of the time.
My French isn't very good, unfortunately.
My French isn't very good.
My French isn't very good. I can only handle simple statements.
My French isn't what it used to be.
My French professor is the same age as me.
My French pronunciation isn't very good.
My French still isn't very good.
My French sucks.
My French teacher is Mr. Jackson.
My French teacher is a man.
My French teacher is the same age as I am.
My French teacher is the same age as me.
My French teacher is very strict.
My French teacher isn't a Canadian.
My French teacher isn't very strict.
My French teacher recommended that I read these books.
My French teacher speaks too fast for me to understand.
My French teacher suggested that I read these books.
My French teacher tells me that I seldom make mistakes when writing in French.
My French teacher told me that I needed to rewrite my essay.
My French teacher told me to read these books.
My French teacher told to rewrite my essay.
My French teacher was very strict.
My French teacher wasn't very strict.
My French textbook is on my desk.
My French vocabulary is limited.
My French wasn't good enough to make myself understood.
My French would likely be much better today if I'd studied with a native speaker.
My French-speaking ability is pretty low.
My Frisian neighbours liked to skate.
My GPS device was stolen.
My GPS navigator doesn't work abroad.
My GPS works very well.
My German dictionary contains only two thousand words.
My German dictionary is a treasure trove of strange and enchanting words.
My German friend is called Hans.
My German friend's name is Hans.
My German is not good enough.
My German is still not good.
My German is terrible.
My German is very limited.
My German is very meager.
My German is weak.
My German teacher comes from Bayern.
My German teacher is very patient.
My German teacher told my class a story that made me laugh.
My German vocabulary list is up to two thousand words now.
My God and my faith are the only true ones, and the others are just fiction.
My God hath sent his angel, and hath shut the lions' mouths, that they have not hurt me: forasmuch as before him innocency was found in me; and also before thee, O king, have I done no hurt.
My God is even stronger!
My God!
My God! I left the wallet in my room!
My God! Was there ever a slaughter-house like that ship!
My God! What is that?
My God, be merciful to my soul. My God, have mercy on this poor people.
My God, do you mean that?
My God, help me!
My God, how sad!
My God, my God, why did you abandon me?
My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me?
My God, my God, why have you forsaken me?
My God, shall I ever forget their faces when they saw who was in the boat that was closing in upon them?
My God, she has really bad breath.
My God, this girl is such a slob.
My God, what a show!
My God, what a spectacle!
My God, what have I done!
My God, what have I done?
My God, what have you done?
My God, why have you made life so beautiful? Oh God, but so short is our life!
My Google account is hacked.
My Google account was hacked.
My Government will bring forward proposals to reform adult social care in England to ensure dignity in old age.
My Government will prioritise tackling climate change and ensuring that all girls have access to twelve years of quality education.
My Government will take steps to make work fairer, introducing measures that will support those working hard.
My Government’s priority has always been to secure the United Kingdom’s departure from the European Union on 31 October. My Government intends to work towards a new partnership with the European Union, based on free trade and friendly cooperation.
My Grandad is living on the verge of death.
My Grandmother has a weak heart.
My Greek is rusty.
My Greek is terrible.
My Greek really isn't that good.
My Greek-Cypriot neighbour Nikki has a double K in her name. I try not to pronounce it doubly as in Italian.
My Gujarati friend hates being called Gujju.
My Hongkonger friend David, a rich realtor, delighted me in my first time eating cooked chicken feet in a Chinese restaurant in Vancouver, BC. I just chewed on them, as there was not much meat on them, really. David was adventurous in not just the culinary aspect.
My Hongkonger friend Don and I often talked about contemporary sci-fi shows of the decades of the 1990s and the 2000s, as we sat eating delicious Oriental dishes and drinking tea at our favourite haunt in East Vancouver, BC. We compared the multiple series of Star Trek with Babylon 5. Don was convinced that Babylon 5 was too full of interspecies politics.
My Hungarian friend said that Toki Pona is his spider, but he did not explain what he meant by that.
My Hungarian is terrible.
My ID card has expired, what should I do?
My ID card has expired.
My IP address is static.
My Internet connection is painfully slow.
My Internet connection is slow and expensive.
My Internet connection is slow, but Tatoeba is slower.
My Internet connection is slow.
My Internet connection is very slow.
My Internet connection isn't fast enough.
My Islamic name is Ahmad.
My Islamic name is Aisha.
My Italian is terrible.
My Jamaican high school friend Graeme was one-quarter black and had a very rich Jewish uncle.
My Jamaican university friend's Jewish uncle possessed a big beautiful mansion in West Vancouver, BC. There was a jacuzzi near a heated swimming pool, overlooking Burrard Inlet. I was not jealous, because people like me with a big imagination can always imagine something greater. The Jewish uncle and aunt were one of the first tourists to go to the PRC, when it first opened up to foreigners.
My Japanese is fluent.
My Japanese is terrible.
My Japanese teacher used to use a song to help us remember verb conjugations. No one really sang along.
My Kabyle dress is at the cleaner's.
My Kabyle dress is missing.
My Kabylia calls me.
My Kabylia is calling me.
My Korean is not very good. Please speak slowly.
My Latin book is on the table.
My Latin is getting rusty.
My Latin teacher used to look down sternly on me over the rim of her glasses, but now I know it only had to do with the fact that she was wearing reading glasses and that she will have found it a nuisance taking them off all the time, so what looked like contempt towards us students might well and truly have been kindness.
My Lord I lose the game.
My Lord Marquis, your kinsman, if Mr. Ravenswood has the honour to be so, has made the attempt privately to secure the affections of this young and inexperienced girl.
My MP3 player's battery was flat.
My Marina had really beautiful green eyes.
My Mercedes is bigger than yours.
My Mexican friend José the poet knows some Esperanto.
My Mexican friend Lizbeth seems to like Esperanto, a language which makes her happy whenever I use it. She thinks that being an Esperantist is still like "Latinhood" for me, who was born in the Philippines, which was a "lost colony" for Hispanics.
My Ministers will ensure that all young people have access to an excellent education, unlocking their full potential and preparing them for the world of work.
My Ministers will work to implement new regimes for fisheries, agriculture and trade, seizing the opportunities that arise from leaving the European Union.
My Mom was exhausted.
My Muslim friends are the kindest people I have ever met.
My New Year's resolution is to learn how to play the ocarina.
My New Year's resolution was to lose weight.
My New Year's resolutions are that I work less and live more.
My PC is in the middle of an update.
My PC with 16 gigs of RAM can't handle my next-level multitasking.
My Palestinian friend taught me several swear words in Arabic.
My Palestinian friend taught me various swear words in Arabic.
My Persian cat has a long coat that tends to get tangled easily.
My Portuguese is terrible.
My Russian is poor.
My Russian is terrible.
My SO works at a language school and loves it very much.
My SUV is only a few years older than yours.
My Scorpio rising always helps me achieve truly intellectual feats.
My Scorpio rising always helps me pull off truly intellectual feats.
My Shanghainese isn't very good at all.
My Sinhala is terrible.
My Sinhalese is terrible.
My Spanish dictionary advises me not to use the word "desgraciado" in Ecuador.
My Spanish dictionary says not to use the word "desgraciado" in Ecuador.
My Spanish friend is called Enrique.
My Spanish is a bit rusty.
My Spanish is rusty.
My Spanish is terrible.
My T-shirt says "¡Las estrellas son Australias!" (The stars are Australias). The motto alludes to my idea that outer space is full of potential human colonies on moons, planets, and other celestial bodies—the future space exploration and colonization. I compare the potential future to the savage wilds of bygone Australia or the Old Wild West of the Americas. Granted that the human body might be too fragile for deep space, future technologies could help—extended life, transhumanism, AI, etc.
My T-shirt shrank because I washed it.
My TV broke, so I had to take it to get it repaired.
My TV has broken down.
My TV has quit working.
My TV is broken.
My TV is on the fritz again.
My TV needs an adjustment.
My TV set is almost 15 years old, but it still has a good picture.
My TV shows better than yours.
My TV was broken.
My Tamazight is pretty good.
My Tatoeba account will celebrate its first birthday next Saturday.
My Telugu is really pretty terrible.
My Thunderbird sorts notification e-mails from Tatoeba into three different folders without my having asked it to do so.
My Tuesdays are stuffed with classes.
My Turkish is bad.
My Twitter account is suspended because of spamming.
My Very Educated Mom Just Showed Us Neptune.
My Very Excellent Mom Just Served Us Noodles.
My Vietnamese is not very good.
My Wi-Fi sucks.
My Yiddish really isn't that good.
My ability to adapt to changes showcases my strength.
My ability to improve has been admired everywhere.
My absence has left a hole in your heart.
My accent always gives me away.
My accent in Portuguese is called "Carioca" or that of Rio de Janeiro. Portuguese has more variations of accents than does Spanish.
My accent is probably strange.
My account got banned.
My account got hacked.
My account is at zero.
My account number ends with 333.
My account was suspended.
My achievements speak for themselves.
My acquaintance introduced me to his intimate fellows.
My acquaintance with Esperanto enabled me to look deeper into the make-up and function of language.
My acquaintance with his works is slight.
My act incurred a blame.
My action is my refuge.
My actions are my only true belongings.
My activities on the Web are mainly for self-promotion. It's not really a public service, as the audience is merely incidental and I might be solipsistic. It's a window for vanity with the aim of promoting my own hobbies. If there's an audience, then fine, but if none, then fine, too. If you think that the information is helpful or entertaining, then "it's good for you."
My addiction is called Tatoeba.
My address is Puistokatu.
My address isn't on your list.
My adoption process was just finalized.
My adrenaline is really pumping.
My adrenaline kicked in and I started to shoot.
My adrenaline started pumping.
My adrenaline was pumping.
My advice acted as an encouragement to her.
My advice is for you to go home.
My advice is not to tell Tom.
My advice is not to tell her.
My advice is not to tell him.
My advice is not to tell them.
My advice is predicated on my experience.
My advice is to adopt a new line.
My advice is to be patient.
My advice is to go home.
My advice is to leave as soon as you can.
My advice is to not tell Tom.
My advice is to not worry about it.
My advice is to tell Mary what she wants to know.
My advice is to tell Tom and Mary what they want to know.
My advice is to tell Tom how you feel.
My advice is to tell Tom what he wants to know.
My advice is to wait and see what Tom and Mary do.
My advice is to wait and see what Tom does.
My advice to you is to forget about what happened.
My advice to you is to leave immediately.
My advice to you is to stay away from their gang.
My advice was not followed.
My advice was not lost upon her.
My advice wasn't followed.
My advice would be to avoid Tom today.
My advice would be to do that today.
My advice would be to get some sleep now and finish this tomorrow.
My advice would be to go home.
My advice would be to ignore Tom's advice.
My advice would be to leave as soon as you can.
My advice would be to stop doing that.
My advice: never mess with an Algerian.
My adviser is Mr. Jackson.
My aeroplane has room for 8 people.
My affection for him has grown over time.
My affection for him will always exist.
My affection for you has always been strong.
My affection for you has never faded.
My affection for you remains unchanged.
My afternoon was hectic.
My afternoon was very busy.
My age is going to tell on me.
My agent has just messaged me.
My agent is calling me.
My agent told me my name wasn't star material.
My agent was in charge of travel.
My ailment, nobody else possesses it.
My aim is always to find the best solutions.
My aim is to be a doctor.
My aim is to become a doctor.
My aim is to die in a pub, so that wine is close to my dying lips. Then a choir of angels will happily sing: "God be merciful to this drinker."
My aim is to learn enough English so I don't need to carry a dictionary with me when I travel.
My aim is to learn enough English so I don’t need to carry a dictionary with me when I travel.
My aim is to make you speak Portuguese fluently in a fun way.
My aim isn't to wear the hood continuously. My aim is to take it off when I don't have reason to wear it.
My air bed has a leak.
My air mattress has a leak.
My airport shuttle bus leaves at six o'clock.
My airport shuttle bus leaves at six o’clock.
My alarm clock didn't go off that morning.
My alarm clock didn't go off this morning, so I missed my bus.
My alarm clock didn't go off this morning, so I was late for school.
My alarm clock didn't go off this morning.
My alarm clock didn't go off.
My alarm clock didn't wake me up this morning.
My alarm clock didn't work. That's why I was late.
My alarm clock didn’t go off this morning.
My alarm clock didn’t work. That’s why I was late.
My alarm clock doesn't have a snooze button.
My alarm clock doesn't work anymore.
My alarm clock doesn't work.
My alarm clock was set to go off at 2:30.
My alarm clock's ticking is too loud.
My alarm didn't go off this morning.
My alarm didn't go off.
My alarm didn't go off. That's why I was late.
My alarm just went off.
My alarm went off at 6:30, but I didn't get out of bed until 7:00.
My alarm went off at 6:30.
My alarm went off, and I got out of bed.
My album is here.
My algorithm has a 99% success rate.
My alias has no relation to my real name.
My allergies are bothering me.
My allergies are driving me crazy.
My allergies are going crazy this year, and I think it is related to shorter winters and global warming.
My allowance does not pay for my tuition.
My ambition has always been to go to college.
My ancestor Levi was a borderline-genocidal murderer, but I think the best message of Judaism is that we can all be righteous if we choose to.
My ancestor told it.
My ancestor was a Mongolian horseman.
My ancestor was right.
My ancestors are Muslim.
My ancestors are from Germany.
My ancestors are from Ireland.
My ancestors came from Europe.
My ancestors hoped to find political asylum.
My ancestors were Muslim.
My ancestors were the pioneers of this land.
My ancestors wrote it.
My ancestral Sinitic topolect has a long history of being written in the Latin alphabet. This writing is quite phonemic. It is the Hokkien language.
My ancestral village is in Algeria.
My ancestral village is in Kabylie, Algeria.
My anger and jealousy abated.
My anger faded.
My anger has abated already. However, I will resign.
My anger has ended already. However, I will resign.
My anger has subsided already. However, I will resign.
My anger subsided.
My animal makes the sound of another animal.
My ankle hurts.
My ankle is a little sore.
My ankle is broken.
My ankle is swollen.
My ankle itches.
My ankles are swollen. These days, we've done nothing but walk.
My ankles often become swollen.
My annual income approximates fifteen million yen, I suppose.
My annual income exceeds five million yen.
My anorak, such as it was, stood me in good stead.
My answer corresponds with yours.
My answer is enough.
My answer is final.
My answer is going to be short.
My answer is no.
My answer is not going to change.
My answer is still no.
My answer is still yes.
My answer is yes and no.
My answer is yes.
My answer matches yours.
My answer may surprise you.
My answer stunned everyone.
My answer surprised Tom.
My answer to the problem came out wrong.
My answer was correct.
My answer was not technically a lie.
My answer was wrong.
My answer will be all right.
My answers were correct.
My anti-virus let a virus through.
My antipathy toward telemarketers is so strong that I am often rude to them.
My anus does burn.
My anxiety has gotten a lot better.
My apartment doesn't have working air conditioning.
My apartment gets a lot of sun.
My apartment gets plenty of sunshine.
My apartment has a living room, a bedroom, a kitchen and a bathroom.
My apartment has a living room, a bedroom, a kitchen, and a bathroom.
My apartment has a suspended ceiling.
My apartment has a very convenient bathroom. You just press a button and wait until a sound effect announces that there's enough water in the tub. Today, however, a different sound than usual played. When I entered the bathroom, I was met with an empty bathtub. I must've pressed the button without plugging the tub drain first. The electronic system apparently noticed that I hadn't put the stopper in the drain and, not wanting to waste water, notified me about my carelessness.
My apartment has an alarm system.
My apartment has three bedrooms.
My apartment is a mess.
My apartment is filled with stuff that I never use.
My apartment is five minutes from the station.
My apartment is in that building.
My apartment is located a five minute walk away from the station.
My apartment is located within five minutes' walk of the station.
My apartment is located within five minutes’ walk of the station.
My apartment is messy and cluttered.
My apartment is more comfortable than yours.
My apartment is near here.
My apartment is near the station.
My apartment is near.
My apartment is not far from here.
My apartment is on the fourth floor.
My apartment is on the third floor.
My apartment is quiet and clean.
My apartment is really small.
My apartment is small.
My apartment is tidy.
My apartment is tiny.
My apartment is too big.
My apartment is too small.
My apartment isn't far from here.
My apartment isn't very large.
My apartment key isn’t working.
My apartment needs touching up.
My apartment was broken into.
My apartment was burglarized last week.
My apartment was robbed last week.
My apartment was robbed.
My apartment was without electricity for seventy-two hours.
My apartment windows face south, so it's super hot.
My apartment's a real mess.
My apathy for voting comes from my distaste for politics.
My apologies, I can't go at that time.
My apologies, I had to ask.
My appearance is absolutely ordinary.
My appetite is particularly large.
My appetite was good.
My appetite was large.
My apples are gone.
My appointment at the hospital completely slipped my mind. Why didn't you remind me?
My appointment is at 2.30.
My appointment is at 2:30.
My appointment is at half past two.
My appointment is at half two.
My appointment is at two thirty.
My appointment is in thirty minutes.
My apprehensions turned out to be justified.
My apprehensions were justified.
My approach is amazingly simple but very effective.
My approach is different.
My approach is somewhat different.
My approach to life is to just wing it.
My approach to solving the problem was very different than Tom's.
My approach will be different.
My ardent desire is for you to succeed!
My ardent desire is that you thrive!
My ardent wish is for you to thrive!
My ardent wish is that you succeed!
My argument is indebted in a number of places to the aesthetic theories of Adorno, Horkheimer and others.
My arguments are solid.
My arm fell asleep.
My arm has been troubling me ever since my accident.
My arm has gone numb.
My arm hurt yesterday.
My arm hurts.
My arm is broken.
My arm is fine now.
My arm is hurting badly.
My arm is in a sling.
My arm is killing me.
My arm is sore!
My arm is sore.
My arm is still very sore.
My arm is very sore where you hit me.
My arm really hurts.
My arm started swelling.
My arm still aches.
My arm still hurts.
My armpits sweat and smell even though I wear deodorant.
My armpits were sweating.
My armpits were sweaty.
My arms ache.
My arms ached.
My arms and legs feel numb.
My arms are aching.
My arms are empty.
My arms are fine now.
My arms are tired.
My arms avenge my heartache in the hug they can finally have.
My arms felt weak.
My arms hurt.
My arms went numb.
My army is getting ready!
My art teacher hated my guts.
My article was censored.
My artisan pride cannot tolerate such sloppiness.
My artist friend loves to use glitter in her mixed-media projects.
My ascendant in Scorpio always helps me achieve truly intellectual feats.
My ascendant in Scorpio always helps me pull off truly intellectual feats.
My ask may seem strange to you.
My aspiration has always been to enroll in university.
My ass hurts from all this sitting.
My ass is bleeding.
My ass is flattening out from sitting.
My ass!
My assistant did that for me.
My assistant has been calling.
My assistant is a thirty-year-old Canadian man.
My assistant manages my appointment calendar.
My assistant threatened to quit.
My assistant will be able to handle that.
My assistant will handle that.
My association with him did not last long.
My association with them didn't last long.
My association with them didn’t last long.
My athlete's foot hurts.
My athlete’s foot hurts.
My attachment to you is still alive.
My attempt gave no result.
My attempts to get this addressed have been met with brick walls, only a form response, and no one has provided the number or any information of someone I could get in contact with to address this.
My attempts to reach him by phone were unsuccessful.
My attendance is necessary.
My attention wandered.
My attention was drawn back to the present by the sound of her voice.
My attention was grabbed by a conversation at the neighbouring table.
My attentive dog barks even when he dreams about intruders.
My attic will be expanded.
My attitude changed.
My attitude has changed for the better. I'm more positive now.
My attitude has changed for the better. I’m more positive now.
My attitude has changed.
My attitude to the comma is physiological; the more breath I have, the fewer commas I use.
My attitude towards him changed.
My attitude towards him has changed.
My attorney has been calling.
My attraction to you has changed into aversion.
My attraction to you has turned to disgust.
My audio is bad.
My aunt Baya lives in Ghardaia, in Mzab.
My aunt Esther painted that.
My aunt Mary painted that.
My aunt Mathilde is trying to digitize all our old family photos in order to preserve them for future generations.
My aunt allowed me to park my car in her parking space.
My aunt and uncle have a boat on Lake Erie.
My aunt and uncle live in France.
My aunt and uncle live in London.
My aunt asked me to buy her a music box from Italy.
My aunt bought the same camera as you have.
My aunt brought me flowers.
My aunt brought me some flowers.
My aunt brought up five children.
My aunt can speak both Chinese and English.
My aunt cleans the schoolyard.
My aunt comes here from time to time.
My aunt died an old spinster.
My aunt died of leukemia.
My aunt died of lung cancer.
My aunt does not have siblings.
My aunt dropped in on me yesterday.
My aunt engaged herself in teaching cooking.
My aunt enjoyed good health all her life.
My aunt fell for a multi-level marketing scam.
My aunt fell for an MLM scam.
My aunt gave me a book for Christmas.
My aunt gave me a camera.
My aunt gave me a photo album.
My aunt gave me an album.
My aunt gave me flowers.
My aunt gave me the pendant I'm wearing.
My aunt gave me this album.
My aunt goes to Germany every year.
My aunt goes to bingo every Sunday.
My aunt grows tomatoes in her garden.
My aunt grows tomatoes in her vegetable patch.
My aunt grows tomatoes in her vegetable plot.
My aunt had a collection of porcelain dolls.
My aunt had been in the hospital for a week when I visited her.
My aunt had three children.
My aunt had three kids.
My aunt has a cold.
My aunt has an apartment for rent for 550 dollars a month.
My aunt has been calling.
My aunt has been dead for two years.
My aunt has passed away from lung cancer.
My aunt has three children.
My aunt has won a free trip to Hawaii.
My aunt helps me when I need money.
My aunt inherited the huge estate.
My aunt is a journalist.
My aunt is a plastic surgeon.
My aunt is a potter.
My aunt is already here.
My aunt is coming to Tokyo tomorrow.
My aunt is from Somalia. She is Somalian.
My aunt is living in New York.
My aunt is missing from this family photo because she wasn't there when it was taken.
My aunt is my father's sister.
My aunt is my mother's sister.
My aunt is none the happier for her great wealth.
My aunt is older than my mother.
My aunt is planting the tomatoes in the garden.
My aunt is the same age as my uncle.
My aunt is three months pregnant and she's already thinking about the baby's name.
My aunt lent the joiner five shillings.
My aunt lived a happy life.
My aunt lives in New York.
My aunt lives in a detached house in the countryside.
My aunt lives in a lonely house in the country.
My aunt looks young.
My aunt loves Creole music.
My aunt made a new skirt for me.
My aunt made me a new skirt.
My aunt now lives in comfort.
My aunt offered us some tea.
My aunt owns this apartment.
My aunt paid us a short visit.
My aunt passed away a few months ago.
My aunt popped round.
My aunt remembers a lot of things.
My aunt sent me a birthday present.
My aunt sewed me a new dress.
My aunt showed me how to make good coffee.
My aunt speaks Chinese as well as English.
My aunt suffers from osteoporosis.
My aunt talks about you all the time.
My aunt thinks it's too early to go bargain hunting.
My aunt treats me as if I were a child.
My aunt used to work at the post office.
My aunt visited us briefly.
My aunt visited us.
My aunt was coming to see us the next day.
My aunt was like a real mother to me.
My aunt was pleased with my success.
My aunt wears glasses when she reads the papers.
My aunt will come here for a week.
My aunt won an all-expenses-paid tour of Hawaii.
My aunt wrote me a letter last week.
My aunt's child is my cousin.
My aunt's pen is full of ink.
My aunt's smile is sweeter than her loquat jam.
My aunt, who lives in Berlin, can't stand my father.
My aunt, who lives in Tokyo, sent me a beautiful blouse.
My aunty is feeling sick.
My aunt’s house is old. It was previously a farmstead, but its location is now in a suburban part of town. However, the garden surrounding it still imparts a rural appearance.
My aunt’s parrot says dirty words.
My awareness of hygiene has increased during the pandemic.
My baby began crying, asking for milk.
My baby brother sleeps ten hours a day.
My baby brother still wets his bed.
My baby can dress herself.
My baby can walk.
My baby can't talk yet. He just cries.
My baby can’t talk yet. He just cries.
My baby has a hereditary disease.
My baby has peed in his nappy.
My baby is also eight months old, is healthy and is growing by leaps and bounds.
My baby is due to be born on January 1st from next year.
My baby is due to be born on January 1st.
My baby is hungry.
My baby is tired, but can't sleep.
My baby keeps coughing and sneezing.
My baby kicks very hard.
My baby wants to talk.
My baby's birth is planned for January 1st.
My baby's first word was "dada".
My baby's wet nurse is also my family's dietitian.
My babysitter canceled at the last minute.
My back aches because I slept on the floor yesterday.
My back aches.
My back and neck are really tight.
My back and shoulders are sore.
My back and shoulders hurt.
My back door needs to be fixed.
My back feels fine.
My back feels stiff.
My back has been acting up again.
My back has been acting up since this morning, so I don't feel so well.
My back has been bothering me a lot lately.
My back hurts a lot.
My back hurts all the time.
My back hurts because I fell asleep on the floor yesterday.
My back hurts because I've been fishing all day.
My back hurts because I've been sitting in front of the computer for too long.
My back hurts because I’ve been fishing all day.
My back hurts from sitting for hours in front of the computer.
My back hurts.
My back hurts; I can't play tennis.
My back is a little sore.
My back is against the wall.
My back is crooked.
My back is full of knots.
My back is hurting again.
My back is itchy.
My back is killing me.
My back is numb.
My back is sore, I need a massage.
My back is sore.
My back is stiff.
My back is tense.
My back itches, but I can't reach it.
My back itches.
My back pain kept me from getting a good night's sleep.
My back really hurts.
My back still hurts.
My back teeth are floating...
My back tooth has chipped.
My back tyre has a slow puncture.
My back tyre's got a slow puncture.
My back was killing me.
My back went numb.
My background is in biochemistry.
My backpack is in the car.
My backpack is on the table.
My backpack is very heavy.
My backside is becoming flat from sitting for too long.
My backyard can hold more than ten people.
My backyard is a mess.
My backyard is one step down and lower than the ground.
My bacon is ready.
My bad eye is this one.
My bad habit is to give money conditionally and to give thanks unconditionally. Yours?
My bad!
My bad.
My bad. Just so you know, it wasn't on purpose.
My bag feels like a weight around my neck.
My bag has been stolen.
My bag has chevrons on it.
My bag has had it.
My bag is empty.
My bag is missing.
My bag is over there.
My bag is too old. I must buy a new one.
My bag is very heavy.
My bag is wet because it was raining.
My bag must be at home.
My bag must be in her car.
My bag must be in the car.
My bag must be with her.
My bag must be with them.
My bag needs mending.
My bag was here five minutes ago, but it is gone now.
My bag was nowhere to be found.
My bag was stolen.
My bag's always packed.
My baggage is missing.
My baggage was lost in transit.
My bags are full.
My bags are packed, my final papers submitted, my apartment sublet, and as of next week I’ll be gone from George Washington University and the United States until the end of August. It’s been a fast nine months, but I’ve officially reached the halfway point of my two-year graduate school program.
My bags are packed.
My baguette is bigger than yours.
My balance is negative.
My balloon popped!
My ballpoint pen just ran out of ink.
My balls are dripping wet.
My bananas are delicious; they don’t have hard spots.
My bananas are melting!
My band name's Red Hot.
My band name’s Red Hot.
My band will be playing tonight.
My band will perform this week at Chuck's Bar and Grill. Please come and see us.
My band will perform this week at Chuck’s Bar and Grill. Please come and see us.
My band's playing tonight.
My bank account was hacked.
My bank statement is also a visual record of questionable decisions.
My bank statement no longer comes in the mail, but it can be accessed online.
My banking app requires two factor authentication.
My barn burned down last night.
My barn having burned to the ground, I can now see the moon.
My basement has nothing in it.
My basement is flooded.
My basket is full of books.
My basket is under the table.
My bath has a leak.
My bath towel was wet, so it was of no use.
My bathtub has a leak.
My battery died.
My battery is about to die.
My battery is almost dead.
My battery is almost flat.
My battery is dead.
My battery is flat.
My battery is running out.
My battery just died.
My battery ran out.
My battery wasn't working, so I checked and found out the BMS wasn't working. I replaced it immediately. It was much cheaper than buying a new battery.
My battery's about to run out.
My battery's at ten percent.
My battles make me who I am.
My beard grows quickly.
My beard is growing out of control.
My beast is the best.
My beautiful ballpoint pen is purple.
My beautiful nose is my most noticeable physical trait on my whole body.
My bed is large, and ghosts come and sleep on it during the day.
My bed is more comfortable than yours.
My bed is much comfier than yours.
My bed is sporting a colourful bedspread made by my grandmother.
My bed never felt so good.
My bedroom doesn't have a window.
My bedroom doesn't have any windows.
My bedroom is a safety hazard.
My bedroom is cleaner than my brother's.
My bedroom is cleaner than yours.
My bedroom is crawling with spiders.
My bedroom is dark.
My bedroom is dirty. Your bedroom is clean.
My bedroom is just above.
My bedroom is much cleaner than yours.
My bedroom is next to the kitchen.
My bedroom is not as clean as yours.
My bedroom is on the south-facing side of the house, so it gets a lot of sun.
My bedroom is quiet and comfortable.
My bedroom is smaller than Tom's.
My bedroom is too small.
My bedroom isn't as clean as yours.
My bedroom only has one window.
My bedsheets are dry, for once.
My bedtime is usually about ten in the evening.
My beer was finished off by my room-mate.
My beer, please.
My behavior is self-destructive.
My behavior put him out of humor.
My behavior was very odd.
My behaviour was very strange.
My beige bra is now brown and my red one black. That's just how much I've worn them.
My being lives in Night and Desire, my soul is a memory that is in me.
My being male and white also removed huge obstacles that a majority of Americans then faced.
My belief is strong.
My belief is that he will succeed.
My belief is that she has never told a lie.
My belief is that things will change for the better.
My belief is that you are right.
My belief that governments serve the individual, and not the other way around, is shaped by America’s story.
My beliefs are none of your business.
My belly hurts from eating too much.
My belly is swollen.
My belly's gurgling. I'm hungry.
My beloved father died of cancer.
My beloved friend: no matter where you go, I will find you.
My beloved girl is far away from me.
My beloved is crying.
My beloved is mine and I of my beloved, who grazes among lilies. Before the breeze blows, before the shadows flee, return, my beloved, imitate a gazelle or a young fawn through the mountains of Bether.
My beloved is white and ruddy, chosen out of thousands.
My beloved is white and ruddy, the chiefest among ten thousand.
My beloved land, pearl of the Orient Sea.
My beloved sent me a letter.
My beloved's pet bird died, / my darling's sweetheart, / the one who was the apple of her eye, / the sweet and affectionate being who knew her owner as she knew her own mother.
My beloved, we must get married.
My belt is too tight.
My best dictionary is Tatoeba.
My best female friend is pregnant.
My best friend Felicja is here.
My best friend Lily has invited me to visit her in Napa this summer and do some wine tastings together.
My best friend Marcelo has suicidal tendencies.
My best friend Tom does that, too.
My best friend actually dances well.
My best friend always gives me good advice.
My best friend and I spend a lot of time going to the beach. We enjoy submerging our bodies into the fresh sea water.
My best friend and her have been friends for years.
My best friend comes from Canada.
My best friend dances beautifully.
My best friend dances really well.
My best friend dances well.
My best friend died of asphyxiation.
My best friend has been calling.
My best friend has slipped into a coma.
My best friend has two girlfriends.
My best friend invited me over to have dinner with his family.
My best friend is Canadian.
My best friend is Chinese.
My best friend is Danish.
My best friend is Filipino.
My best friend is Icelandic.
My best friend is Swiss.
My best friend is Tom.
My best friend is Welsh.
My best friend is a Canadian.
My best friend is a Gujarati Muslim living in South Africa.
My best friend is a Russian.
My best friend is a book.
My best friend is actually my brother.
My best friend is an Irish speaker.
My best friend is an alien.
My best friend is called Dominga.
My best friend is currently in Rome.
My best friend is from Australia.
My best friend is from Boston.
My best friend is from Kabylie.
My best friend is from Russia.
My best friend is homosexual.
My best friend is in Rome now.
My best friend is in fact my elder brother.
My best friend is into politics. He's atheist.
My best friend is like a brother to me.
My best friend is like a sister to me.
My best friend is not Albanian.
My best friend is now in Rome.
My best friend is pregnant.
My best friend is so clever, she always gets good score on her exams.
My best friend is studying in Monor.
My best friend isn't Thai.
My best friend lied to me.
My best friend lives in Boston.
My best friend lives in Canada.
My best friend lives in Kabylie.
My best friend now lives in Australia.
My best friend passed away a few months ago.
My best friend really understands me.
My best friend says she has a crush.
My best friend stole my boyfriend.
My best friend walked by and totally ignored me.
My best friend was American.
My best friend was Pakistani?
My best friend was Swiss.
My best friend was Tom when I was a little kid.
My best friend was friends with Salas.
My best friend was in that teacher's class.
My best friend works for an NGO in Afghanistan.
My best friend's sister's boyfriend's cousin knows someone who went to school with Obama.
My best friends were Tom and Mary when I was a little kid.
My best guess is it needs an asymmetric cipher.
My best regards.
My best student lives in California.
My best trips, the sweetest ones, were made close to the chimney, my feet in the hot ashes, my elbows on the worn-out armrests of my grandmother's sofa.
My best wishes to you and yours.
My bestie always knows how to cheer me up.
My bet is that John will get the job.
My bet is that Tom will get fired.
My bet is that Tom will get the job.
My bibliotheque has many books.
My bicycle broke on impact.
My bicycle broke, so I had to walk.
My bicycle broke.
My bicycle cost twice as much as Tom's bicycle.
My bicycle cost twice as much as Tom's.
My bicycle disappeared into thin air.
My bicycle disappeared.
My bicycle had a flat tire, so I missed the seven o'clock train.
My bicycle had a flat tire, so I missed the seven o’clock train.
My bicycle had a flat tyre, so I missed the seven o'clock train.
My bicycle has a flat tire.
My bicycle has a flat tyre.
My bicycle has a flat.
My bicycle has a punctured tire.
My bicycle has an aluminum frame.
My bicycle has been stolen, too.
My bicycle has been stolen.
My bicycle has chrome plated rims.
My bicycle has gone out of commission.
My bicycle has got a flat tire.
My bicycle is a cheeseburger.
My bicycle is a lot better than yours.
My bicycle is a lot newer than yours.
My bicycle is black.
My bicycle is gone.
My bicycle is in need of repair.
My bicycle is much newer than yours.
My bicycle is newer than yours.
My bicycle is red.
My bicycle needs fixing.
My bicycle needs to be repaired.
My bicycle was gone when I returned.
My bicycle was painted metallic blue.
My bicycle was stolen yesterday.
My bicycle was stolen.
My bicycle's back tire is flat.
My bicycle's back tyre is flat.
My bicycle's been stolen.
My bicycle's got a flat tyre.
My bicycle's rear tire is flat.
My bicycle's rear tyre is flat.
My big book collection is like my furniture. I don't have a lot of real furniture.
My big brother can drive.
My big brother finished his homework very quickly.
My big brother is not at home, he is at school.
My big brother is really nice to me.
My big brother likes music.
My big brother shared his cake with me.
My big friend Chen thinks that arrogant people don't look intelligent.
My big sister didn't help me.
My big sister has shoulder-length hair.
My big sister is two years older than me.
My big sister runs every day.
My big sister showers every day.
My big sister swims very fast.
My big sister wants to kill me.
My big sister washes her hair every morning.
My big toe hurts.
My big-toe nail fell off.
My big-toe nail has grown back.
My big-toe nail is growing back.
My biggest dream is to be a teacher. I do not want to be rich. I just want to give a good life to the person I love. Is that asking too much?
My biggest fear is losing a family member.
My biggest fear is losing my own identity, the one that is at the very root of my own self.
My biggest goal is to share with people the best parts of my life.
My biggest personality flaw, I would say, is my heavy focus on achieving some sort of perfection.
My biggest problem at work now is having to deal with too many workers every day.
My biggest problem in life right now is money.
My biggest problem is deciding what I should do next.
My biggest problem is deciding what I should wear.
My biggest problem is deciding what to do next.
My biggest problem will be deciding what to do with all the money I just won.
My biggest regret is that I didn't tell Tom to leave sooner.
My biggest regret was not ever telling Tom that I loved him while he was still alive.
My biggest regret was not having told Tom to leave sooner.
My biggest weakness is spending money on shoes.
My biggest worry is about where my next meal will come from.
My bike broke down.
My bike disappeared.
My bike got jacked.
My bike had a flat tyre, so I missed the seven o'clock train.
My bike has a broken spoke.
My bike has a flat tire.
My bike has a flat tyre.
My bike has been stolen.
My bike is a cheeseburger.
My bike is brand new.
My bike is broken.
My bike is fragile.
My bike is in the bike shop.
My bike is much older than yours.
My bike is my livelihood.
My bike is new.
My bike is not a bike.
My bike is not anything like yours.
My bike is nothing like yours.
My bike is old.
My bike is red.
My bike is stolen.
My bike isn't anything like yours.
My bike needs mending.
My bike needs repairing.
My bike needs to be mended.
My bike needs to be repaired.
My bike vanished into thin air.
My bike was stolen at the museum.
My bike was stolen from the museum.
My bike was stolen last night.
My bike was stolen last week.
My bike was stolen when I went shopping.
My bike was stolen yesterday.
My bike was stolen.
My bike's a cheeseburger.
My bike's back tyre is flat.
My bike's got a flat tyre.
My bike's rear tyre is flat.
My bills are piling up.
My bills have gone up, too.
My bills have gone up.
My biological mother is a circus artist.
My biology teacher said that all birds have warm blood, lungs, two feet and two wings.
My bird is chirping.
My bird sings so beautifully.
My birds can't sing.
My birth name is Maria Julia Tatoebova.
My birth year is 1980.
My birth year is 1982.
My birthdate can't be missed out and I have quite a rememberable birthday!
My birthday approaches.
My birthday coincides with yours.
My birthday falls on April 1.
My birthday falls on Friday this year.
My birthday falls on Monday this year.
My birthday falls on Monday.
My birthday falls on Sunday.
My birthday falls on a Monday this year.
My birthday falls on a Sunday this year.
My birthday is July twentieth.
My birthday is June 12. Magdalena was born on the same day and year as me.
My birthday is November 10th.
My birthday is October 20th.
My birthday is October twentieth.
My birthday is a month from today.
My birthday is a month from today. That is to say, April 5th.
My birthday is approaching.
My birthday is close to yours.
My birthday is coming near.
My birthday is coming soon.
My birthday is coming up in a week.
My birthday is coming up.
My birthday is in August.
My birthday is in February.
My birthday is in July.
My birthday is in November.
My birthday is in October and my brother's is in November.
My birthday is in October.
My birthday is in three days.
My birthday is next Monday.
My birthday is next week.
My birthday is on March 22.
My birthday is on a Monday next year.
My birthday is on a Monday this year.
My birthday is on the twentieth of July.
My birthday is on the twenty-second of January.
My birthday is one month from today.
My birthday is soon.
My birthday is the Monday after next.
My birthday is the same as Tom's.
My birthday is the same as yours.
My birthday is today.
My birthday is tomorrow.
My birthday party is tomorrow.
My birthday party was on fleek.
My birthday was last Monday.
My birthday was last week.
My birthday was yesterday.
My birthday's in October.
My birthday's next week.
My birthday's not for another month.
My bitch's name is ...
My black shoes need heel repairs.
My bladder is bursting.
My bladder is bursting. I have to pee.
My bladder is weak.
My blanket is unbelievably cosy.
My blind friend wants to become a teacher.
My blister hurts when I close my hand.
My blog is very popular.
My blood boiled.
My blood clots easily.
My blood curdled at that sight.
My blood froze in my veins.
My blood froze when he told me.
My blood group is A+.
My blood is boiling.
My blood is congealing.
My blood is flowing rapidly.
My blood is no redder than yours.
My blood is racing through my veins.
My blood is rushing.
My blood pressure has been lower recently.
My blood pressure has been pretty high recently.
My blood pressure is 155 over 105.
My blood pressure is low.
My blood pressure is quite high.
My blood pressure probably went down, but I'm fine now.
My blood ran cold in my veins, for there was a break in his voice which told of the sudden horror which had seized him.
My blood ran cold in my veins.
My blood ran cold.
My blood sugar dropped.
My blood sugar rose.
My blood turned to ice.
My blood type is A positive.
My blood type is O negative.
My blood type is O positive.
My blood was boiling.
My blue dress appeared with a blood stain.
My boat is on the sea.
My boat is small.
My boat ran aground on a sandbar.
My boat sank.
My body aches all over.
My body became paralyzed as the needle penetrated my spinal cord.
My body belongs to me.
My body cried for sleep.
My body does not look human.
My body has all the protein it needs to repair itself after a hard cardio workout.
My body has its own wisdom.
My body is Tom's house.
My body is a temple. Therefore I'm a church and exempt from paying taxes.
My body is exhausted.
My body is inflexible.
My body is mine.
My body is not as supple as it once was.
My body is not so flexible as it used to be.
My body is old but my spirit is young.
My body is old, but my spirit is young.
My body is on a schedule.
My body is painful, my head hurts, I have been affected in different ways.
My body is stiff.
My body isn't as flexible as it used to be.
My body itches all over.
My body keeps itching all over, making it hard to focus.
My body moves freely without my input.
My body really hurts.
My body shivered with excitement.
My body still hurts, but that multi-day holiday trip was super fun!
My body tensed up.
My body was covered with bruises.
My body's strength is exhausted.
My bone is broken.
My bones ached after the 15 mile bike ride.
My bones are aching.
My bones hurt.
My bonsai, which is the cherry tree, is starting to bloom.
My bonus doesn't come close to covering all the loan payments I have to make.
My bonus doesn't even come close to covering all the loan payments I have to make.
My bonus doesn’t come close to covering all the loan payments I have to make.
My book bag is very heavy.
My book became the Holy writ for all those engineers.
My book has a chapter about chess. There I've already written 220 sentences. How many more can I add?
My book has to be somewhere in the room.
My book is almost ready, but I keep finding errors.
My book is floating about here somewhere but I just can't find it.
My book is here.
My book is more beautiful than my brother's.
My book is new, but yours is old.
My book is new.
My book is nicer-looking than my brother's.
My book is not here.
My book is not there.
My book is on the table.
My book is on your desk.
My book is prettier than my friend's.
My book is very heavy.
My book isn't here.
My book was adapted into a film.
My bookcase is deep enough to take large dictionaries.
My booklight broke, I sent off for one from EBay, because it's not the kind of thing it's easy to find locally.
My books are in Romanian; hers are in English.
My books are in my locker.
My books are new.
My books aren't books, but individual sheets of paper that fell almost randomly on the path of my life.
My books don't sell very well.
My books sell very well.
My books were always written at least twice over; a first draft of the entire work was completed to the very end of the subject, then the whole begun again de novo; but incorporating, in the second writing, all sentences and parts of sentences of the old draft, which appeared as suitable to my purpose as anything which I could write in lieu of them.
My boot fell into the fire.
My boots are dusty.
My boots are full of water.
My boots are muddy.
My boots started to mildew.
My boots were muddy.
My boots were so tight, and the path so steep, that I injured the toenails of both of my big toes.
My bora-fake-account-detector-3000-next-gen-deluxe-edition™ has recognized no "bora"-like pattern in his behaviour.
My boss accused me of being flighty, so I immediately quit.
My boss asked me to give him a blowjob because he needed to relax a bit.
My boss assigned the hard job to me.
My boss called me down for frequent absence from work.
My boss called me down for making private calls on the office phone.
My boss called me into his office.
My boss detained me more than 30 minutes.
My boss dictated a letter for his secretary to type.
My boss didn't excuse me for coming late to the meeting.
My boss didn’t excuse me for coming late to the meeting.
My boss docked my pay for leaving early.
My boss doesn't seem to be himself lately.
My boss doesn't think I am equal to the job.
My boss doesn't think I'm equal to the job.
My boss doesn’t think I am equal to the job.
My boss drinks a lot of coffee.
My boss drinks coffee by the bucketful.
My boss drinks gallons of coffee.
My boss gave me a second chance.
My boss gave me so much work that I couldn't leave the office.
My boss gave me so much work that I couldn’t leave the office.
My boss gives me leave to study for three months.
My boss grumbled at me about my work.
My boss had asked me to go to Boston.
My boss has a grudge against me.
My boss has a habit of disappearing whenever things get complicated.
My boss has asked for my resignation.
My boss has been calling.
My boss has been trumpeting the virtues of yet another runaway bestselling managerial strategy guide.
My boss has never invited me to her house.
My boss has the ability to read books very fast.
My boss headed me off today and struck up an uncomfortable conversation.
My boss invited me to dinner.
My boss is Algerian.
My boss is Canadian.
My boss is a Canadian man about thirty years old.
My boss is a jerk.
My boss is a real slave driver.
My boss is a slave driver.
My boss is a thirty-year-old woman.
My boss is a tiny sweet Algerian woman.
My boss is a very busy man.
My boss is always finding fault with me.
My boss is an asshole.
My boss is an idiot.
My boss is cute.
My boss is deaf.
My boss is from Australia.
My boss is from Israel.
My boss is gonna kill me.
My boss is here.
My boss is inept.
My boss is keeping me pretty busy.
My boss is mad at me.
My boss is married.
My boss is not satisfied with my TPS reports.
My boss is out today, previewing the venue for the event.
My boss is really strict.
My boss is satisfied with my work.
My boss is so stupid!
My boss is starting to get edgy.
My boss is suffering from a bad cold.
My boss is twice as old as I am.
My boss is very cheerful today.
My boss is very demanding.
My boss is very nice.
My boss is very rich.
My boss is very strict.
My boss is younger than I am.
My boss is younger than me.
My boss isn't a micromanager. He's a nanomanager.
My boss isn't satisfied with my report.
My boss isn’t satisfied with my report.
My boss just decided my work was no good.
My boss just fired me.
My boss let me leave early today.
My boss made a pass at me.
My boss made me work last Sunday.
My boss made me work overtime.
My boss praised me for my hard work.
My boss recommended me by letter to one of his friends.
My boss refused my request for a raise.
My boss rejected the budget for the new project.
My boss said that he was pleased with my performance.
My boss says he doesn't have any money left.
My boss says he has no more money.
My boss says one thing and means another.
My boss still needs to sign off on the plan.
My boss thinks he's God.
My boss thinks highly of me.
My boss told me I'm hard to approach.
My boss told me it’s hard to approach me.
My boss told me that I needed to get better at speaking French.
My boss told me that he was dissatisfied with me.
My boss told me to correct his poorly written report before the meeting, so I had to pull someone's chestnuts out of the fire again.
My boss told me to rewrite the report.
My boss took me to task for the poor quality of my work.
My boss tried to cop a feel but I slapped his hand before he got any further.
My boss turned down his proposal.
My boss wanted me to go to Australia.
My boss wants me to work late tonight.
My boss wants us to take the plane.
My boss was forced to resign.
My boss was satisfied with what I did.
My boss was very strict.
My boss will not say 'yes'.
My boss will not say ’yes’.
My boss would have a big problem with that.
My boss would like me to make me a report about the upcoming event.
My boss would not let me leave work early.
My boss wouldn't let me leave work early.
My boss's name is Tom Jackson.
My bosses are my clients.
My botched sentence must be the stillborn child of an aborted copy and paste.
My bottle broke.
My bottle is light green.
My box is twice as heavy as yours is.
My box is twice as heavy as yours.
My boxers are black.
My boy can't do addition properly yet.
My boy can’t do addition properly yet.
My boy is suffering from measles.
My boy, this peace is what all true warriors strive for!
My boy, this peace is what true warriors strive for.
My boycott of Italian television starts now.
My boyfriend and I had sex on the first date.
My boyfriend and I have been together for seven years already.
My boyfriend and I think you're hot.
My boyfriend and I were co-workers.
My boyfriend and I were workmates.
My boyfriend cheated on me with my own mother!
My boyfriend didn't want to go to the opera, but he finally gave in.
My boyfriend discovered the erotic comics book that I had been hiding.
My boyfriend discovered the erotic manga that I had been hiding.
My boyfriend doesn't care about me.
My boyfriend doesn't know.
My boyfriend doesn't love me.
My boyfriend dumped me when he found out I was pregnant.
My boyfriend dumped me.
My boyfriend freaks out a lot of the time, but overall he's a good guy.
My boyfriend gave it to me.
My boyfriend has 3 nipples.
My boyfriend has a lot of female friends.
My boyfriend has been calling.
My boyfriend is Algerian.
My boyfriend is Canadian.
My boyfriend is Chinese.
My boyfriend is a blogger.
My boyfriend is a journalist.
My boyfriend is a teacher.
My boyfriend is always trying to kiss me. It's a bit annoying.
My boyfriend is coming over tomorrow.
My boyfriend is constantly accusing me of cheating on him.
My boyfriend is crying.
My boyfriend is currently in my city.
My boyfriend is extremely cute.
My boyfriend is not a loser.
My boyfriend is not circumcised.
My boyfriend is older than I am.
My boyfriend is older than me.
My boyfriend is possessive.
My boyfriend is quite a bit younger than I am.
My boyfriend is quite a bit younger than me.
My boyfriend is smart, handsome, and friendly too.
My boyfriend is so photogenic!
My boyfriend is stupid.
My boyfriend is trans.
My boyfriend is useless.
My boyfriend isn't a loser.
My boyfriend isn't much younger than I am.
My boyfriend isn't much younger than me.
My boyfriend just dumped me.
My boyfriend just oozes manliness.
My boyfriend left early in the morning.
My boyfriend lied to me.
My boyfriend likes pasta like me.
My boyfriend lives in Japan. I live in Germany. Does our relationship have a future?
My boyfriend lives in New York.
My boyfriend looks like your girlfriend.
My boyfriend met a gay friend at the beach.
My boyfriend never leaves the flat without cigarettes.
My boyfriend passed away a few months ago.
My boyfriend plans to save up and buy a sports car.
My boyfriend plays hockey and when he smiles you could see his beautiful dimples.
My boyfriend refuses to use the microwave.
My boyfriend said he wants peace/tranquility in his life and that I won’t give him that.
My boyfriend seems serious.
My boyfriend sometimes flirts with other girls.
My boyfriend still doesn't know my parents.
My boyfriend still hasn't been to the Great Wall.
My boyfriend still hasn't met my parents.
My boyfriend suffers from osteoporosis.
My boyfriend thinks I'm barmy.
My boyfriend thinks I'm crazy.
My boyfriend told me I was restless during the night.
My boyfriend told me to wait for him there.
My boyfriend visited an andrologist due to erection problems.
My boyfriend wants to dye his hair purple.
My boyfriend wants to get married in a black suit.
My boyfriend was crying.
My boyfriend wears a wrist band.
My boyfriend won't fly to Manila ever again.
My boyfriend works at a language school and loves it very much.
My boyfriend's been acting pretty sus lately.
My boyfriend's jealousy is causing me difficulty.
My boys are all grown up.
My boys are my everything.
My bra is dirty.
My bra is too small.
My brain and I tolerate each other.
My brain couldn't process what I was seeing.
My brain doesn't seem to be working well today.
My brain doesn’t seem to be working well today.
My brain exploded.
My brain has a strong need and a strong desire to get filled with new information.
My brain hurts whenever I read it.
My brain hurts.
My brain is a bit overworked at the moment.
My brain is always craving for more useful information.
My brain is always in full mode.
My brain is always overworking.
My brain is always working full-on at full speed any time of the day.
My brain is an ideas powerhouse.
My brain is being crushed.
My brain is being weird again.
My brain is constantly processing new information over.
My brain is exploding.
My brain is firing on all cannons.
My brain is frazzled.
My brain is fried!
My brain is fried.
My brain is full.
My brain is most active during nighttime.
My brain is overheating.
My brain is overloaded.
My brain is stupid.
My brain is unable to accept it.
My brain is very active during nighttime.
My brain isn't cooperating today.
My brain isn't doing great today.
My brain isn't working.
My brain melts when I do math.
My brain produces thoughts almost in the blink of an eye.
My brain produces too much thoughts at the same time.
My brain says it's a good deal, just go ahead, but a voice says be careful.
My brain says no, but my gut says yes.
My brain says yes, but my gut says no.
My brain was shut off.
My brain was still in shambles, trying to process what just happened.
My brain was telling me to stop.
My brain went to work.
My brain works fine.
My brain's checked out.
My brains were scrambled.
My branch was pulled when yours broke.
My brand new blog is online!
My breakfast cereal was crunchy until I added the milk.
My breakfast is Amaretti biscuits and black coffee.
My breakfast usually consists of coffee with milk, a piece of bread and jam, a small banana, a piece of orange and some dried plums.
My breakfast was cereal.
My breasts are tender.
My breath caught in my throat.
My breath is gone — my heart pants — my spirit sinks within me and dies away; and yet I long to kiss her in return.
My breathing became more laboured.
My breathing got faster and I became tense.
My bridegroom cheated on me.
My briefcase has a combination lock.
My briefcase is full of papers.
My briefcase was nowhere to be found.
My bright smile is my most precious and my most attractive feature on me.
My brights are on.
My bro is my best friend.
My bro only has two hobbies: driving and diving.
My broad vocabulary is a huge advantage for me.
My brolly broke.
My brother Jacques is fourteen years old.
My brother Lou is in Budapest.
My brother Mazigh divorced his wife Arinas.
My brother Tom is an irascible man.
My brother Tom is fourteen years old.
My brother Tom is in Boston.
My brother Tom is older than me, but all my other brothers are younger.
My brother Tom lives at the state hospital.
My brother Tom's wife Mary's father, John, is visiting from Boston.
My brother advised me to stop smoking.
My brother almost drove me crazy.
My brother always comes here.
My brother always gets up before seven.
My brother always gets up earlier than I.
My brother always thinks that he has to prove himself, while in fact we love him the way he is.
My brother always worked as a lawyer.
My brother always worked with lawyers.
My brother and I always take the piss out of each other when we meet up.
My brother and I are about the same age.
My brother and I are best friends.
My brother and I are doing Russian homework.
My brother and I are good tennis players.
My brother and I are in the same class.
My brother and I are less than two years apart.
My brother and I built this sled ourselves.
My brother and I built this sledge ourselves.
My brother and I came together.
My brother and I don't get along with each other.
My brother and I don't think much of each other.
My brother and I like the same food.
My brother and I share the same room.
My brother and I shared the room.
My brother and I sometimes go hiking with our parents.
My brother and I take turns cleaning our bedroom.
My brother and I went to see John off at the airport.
My brother and I were born in Algeria.
My brother and I were very close.
My brother and sister are playing in the garden.
My brother and sister get up about seven-thirty every morning.
My brother arrives tomorrow morning.
My brother became a cook.
My brother became a priest.
My brother became a shepherd.
My brother became an engineer.
My brother became cheeky.
My brother blasts music at full volume.
My brother borrows a new book from the library every day.
My brother bothers me!
My brother bought a new television set.
My brother bought a used car, so it was not very expensive.
My brother bought a used car, so it wasn't very expensive.
My brother bought an electric guitar.
My brother bought me a small toy.
My brother bought two bottles of orange juice.
My brother built a new shanty for ice-fishing.
My brother came to see me.
My brother came, he asked about me.
My brother can do a nice, steady lay-up.
My brother can drive a car.
My brother can drive.
My brother can run as fast as I.
My brother can run very fast.
My brother caught a big fish.
My brother checked his email on my computer.
My brother closes his eyes when he drinks.
My brother closes his eyes when he's drinking.
My brother could not solve the complicated problem.
My brother couldn't stand her from the very beginning.
My brother crashed his go-kart the last time we raced.
My brother damaged my new computer.
My brother dared not swim across the river.
My brother depends on me for money.
My brother detests Tom.
My brother did it in my name.
My brother did it on my behalf.
My brother did that on behalf of me.
My brother did.
My brother didn't have the courage to swim across the river.
My brother didn't help me out with the cooking.
My brother didn't like her from the first time he met her.
My brother didn't like her from the start.
My brother didn’t like her from the first time he met her.
My brother didn’t like her from the start.
My brother died in a traffic accident.
My brother died of boredom.
My brother died of cancer last year.
My brother died of cancer.
My brother died of that shit.
My brother died suddenly two years ago. Since then, my sister-in-law has valiantly kept the small jewelery store he left her going.
My brother died suddenly two years ago. Since then, my sister-in-law has valiantly kept the small jewellery store he left her going.
My brother does my homework.
My brother does not talk to me, I do not know why.
My brother doesn't eat fruit.
My brother doesn't go in for sports.
My brother doesn't have anything.
My brother doesn't like the taste of sea urchin.
My brother doesn't look like me.
My brother doesn't speak English at all.
My brother doesn't study at all. All he cares about is sports and hanging out with his friends.
My brother doesn't swim.
My brother doesn't watch TV in order to avoid politics.
My brother doesn’t go in for sports.
My brother doesn’t swim.
My brother drank juice.
My brother drinks juice.
My brother earns half as much money as my father.
My brother eats twice as much as I do.
My brother ended up becoming a priest.
My brother failed to pass the examination.
My brother fell from a tree and broke his leg.
My brother fell from the tree and broke his leg.
My brother fell off a tree and broke his leg.
My brother fell out of a tree and broke his arm.
My brother fell out of a tree and broke his leg.
My brother fell out of the tree but did not break anything.
My brother fell out of the tree but didn't break anything.
My brother fixed my bike.
My brother found a solution.
My brother found out that I'm a furry.
My brother found the solution.
My brother gave it to me to use.
My brother gave me a beautiful doll.
My brother gave me a charming baby doll.
My brother gave me a cute baby doll.
My brother gave me a cute doll.
My brother gave me a pair of jeans.
My brother gave me some pants.
My brother gets up every morning at 7.
My brother goes fishing every free day.
My brother goes fishing every weekend.
My brother goes to college in Kobe.
My brother goes to college in Tokyo.
My brother goes to the same school I do.
My brother goes to the same school that I went to.
My brother got cheeky.
My brother got married within a month.
My brother got more Christmas presents than me.
My brother got violent.
My brother had a house built in Urawa last month.
My brother had a lot of German friends.
My brother had a lot of friends in Germany.
My brother had been living in Paris for ten years before he returned to Prague.
My brother had his pocket picked in the train.
My brother had two hedgehogs as a kid, and they had babies.
My brother has a Twitter account.
My brother has a boat.
My brother has a dog.
My brother has a gift for painting.
My brother has a girlish personality.
My brother has a good memory.
My brother has a house in Kabylie.
My brother has a key.
My brother has a part-time job in a library.
My brother has a program on his laptop. He can learn to play the piano with it.
My brother has a red car.
My brother has a taste for music.
My brother has an Xbox.
My brother has an ear for music.
My brother has an interest in pop music.
My brother has announced that he's getting married at last, which is very good news.
My brother has autism.
My brother has become a priest.
My brother has been acting strange lately.
My brother has been calling.
My brother has been friendly to him.
My brother has been living in London for many years.
My brother has been mistreated.
My brother has been much too rowdy lately.
My brother has been sick since yesterday.
My brother has died.
My brother has eight friends.
My brother has found a solution.
My brother has his eye on a scholarship so he can go to college.
My brother has joined the baseball club.
My brother has just come home from Kobe.
My brother has lived in England for more than thirty years.
My brother has many more good books than I do.
My brother has much in common with me.
My brother has never been beaten at tennis.
My brother has never climbed Mt Fuji.
My brother has never climbed Mt. Fuji.
My brother has never lost at tennis.
My brother has no money.
My brother has no occupation now.
My brother has nothing.
My brother has recently taken a fancy to stoats.
My brother has sent me several stamps from Italy.
My brother has some hearing trouble. I no longer doubt it and can prove it.
My brother has started at a big company.
My brother has the greatest say in this matter.
My brother has to take an examination.
My brother hates me.
My brother hates wearing clothes, but we haven't had an issue with that at school so far.
My brother helped me solve the math problem.
My brother helped me to do my assignment.
My brother helped me with my homework.
My brother helps me with my homework sometimes.
My brother hides his porn magazines under his mattress.
My brother himself will come.
My brother hung the picture upside down.
My brother in Boston became a teacher.
My brother in Boston is studying to become a teacher.
My brother in Kyoto became a teacher.
My brother insisted on going alone.
My brother insisted on going there alone.
My brother is 11 years old today.
My brother is Catholic.
My brother is a Christian.
My brother is a Hebrew teacher.
My brother is a boy and my sister is a girl.
My brother is a college student.
My brother is a doctor.
My brother is a firefighter.
My brother is a first-year student.
My brother is a fresher.
My brother is a freshman.
My brother is a good skater.
My brother is a high school student.
My brother is a masseur.
My brother is a member of the rescue squad.
My brother is a moron.
My brother is a nurse at the teaching hospital.
My brother is a professional football player.
My brother is a professor.
My brother is a retard.
My brother is a seasoned sailor.
My brother is a spoiled little brat!
My brother is a teacher.
My brother is a vet.
My brother is a veterinarian.
My brother is a well doer. He was just at the wrong place at the wrong time.
My brother is also my sister.
My brother is always acting foolishly.
My brother is ambidextrous.
My brother is an employee of the electric company.
My brother is an engineer.
My brother is an idiot.
My brother is an immature boy.
My brother is anxious for fame.
My brother is arriving tomorrow morning.
My brother is as large as I.
My brother is as tall as me.
My brother is at his desk.
My brother is away on a construction job.
My brother is big enough to travel alone.
My brother is coming from France in few days.
My brother is coming on Monday.
My brother is coming over tomorrow.
My brother is completely different from me.
My brother is conflicted with everybody at work.
My brother is constantly splitting hairs, so he'd make a great lawyer.
My brother is consumed with ambition.
My brother is converting to Islam.
My brother is currently unemployed.
My brother is drinking juice.
My brother is drinking some water.
My brother is driving me crazy.
My brother is eating an egg.
My brother is eating an orange.
My brother is eight years older than me.
My brother is engaged in cancer research.
My brother is evil.
My brother is getting a namechange.
My brother is going to be a dad.
My brother is going to have a baby.
My brother is good and diligent.
My brother is good at mathematics.
My brother is good at playing tennis.
My brother is healthy.
My brother is her lawyer.
My brother is here today.
My brother is his father's lawyer.
My brother is his lawyer.
My brother is holding a camera in his hand.
My brother is ill.
My brother is in Australia now.
My brother is in love with you.
My brother is in the same line of business as you are.
My brother is intelligent.
My brother is interested in English and music.
My brother is interested in what you call pop music.
My brother is just like me when I was little; he's really into airplanes and trains and all sorts of vehicles.
My brother is keen on collecting stamps.
My brother is living in Boston.
My brother is living in San Diego.
My brother is looking for an apartment.
My brother is losing his virginity as we speak.
My brother is married to an African.
My brother is monosyllabic.
My brother is my best friend; which may seem unusual.
My brother is my sister.
My brother is no more a good singer than I am.
My brother is not as tall as I was two years ago.
My brother is not as tall as Jiro.
My brother is not at home.
My brother is not busy.
My brother is not here today.
My brother is not satisfied with his new car.
My brother is not yet in school.
My brother is now in Australia.
My brother is now in Austria.
My brother is old enough to go to school.
My brother is older than me.
My brother is on his way to London.
My brother is online.
My brother is out of work.
My brother is out.
My brother is overly macho.
My brother is playing football.
My brother is quick to make friends with anybody.
My brother is really tall, about 1.8m.
My brother is rich enough to buy a car.
My brother is rich enough to buy himself a car.
My brother is rich.
My brother is short.
My brother is sick.
My brother is small but he has grown a lot recently.
My brother is small but strong.
My brother is smoking.
My brother is so smart and witty that I can not beat him in an argument.
My brother is so smart and witty that I cannot beat him in an argument.
My brother is somebody who makes his brain working to understand what is happening.
My brother is still in Moscow.
My brother is still sleeping.
My brother is strong, but my sister is weak.
My brother is stronger than me.
My brother is studying in England.
My brother is stupid.
My brother is suffering from a bad cold now.
My brother is taking the entrance examination today.
My brother is tall and slender.
My brother is tall and slim.
My brother is tall and thin.
My brother is tall.
My brother is the proud father of a new baby boy.
My brother is three years older than I am.
My brother is three years older than me.
My brother is three years younger than I am.
My brother is three years younger than me.
My brother is twenty one years old and is married.
My brother is twice as heavy as me.
My brother is two years older than I am.
My brother is two years older than I, but he is three centimeters shorter.
My brother is two years older than me, but three centimeters shorter.
My brother is very funny.
My brother is very good at playing the guitar.
My brother is very important. At least he thinks he is.
My brother is very rich.
My brother is very tall.
My brother is waiting for me at the school.
My brother is washing the dishes.
My brother is watching TV.
My brother is working at a gas station.
My brother is working in France.
My brother is younger than me.
My brother isn't as big as me.
My brother isn't busy at the moment.
My brother isn't busy.
My brother isn't here today.
My brother isn't home.
My brother isn't waiting for the bus, he's going by foot.
My brother just arrived from the hospital.
My brother just left.
My brother just made an attempt on my life by offering me 1.5 kilos of licorice. He knows well that I'll die if I eat all that at once.
My brother just made an attempt on my life by offering me 1.5 kilos of licorice. He knows well that I’ll die if I eat all that at once.
My brother just received tenure at the university where he teaches.
My brother just watches television and does not study very hard these days.
My brother just went.
My brother learned how hard working I am.
My brother leaves his room in a mess.
My brother left his phone on the night stand.
My brother left his school when he was fourteen years old.
My brother lied to me.
My brother likes cars.
My brother likes coffee.
My brother likes horror movies.
My brother likes music.
My brother likes to collect stamps.
My brother likes to wash his car on the weekend.
My brother likes watching scary movies.
My brother likes what they call pop music.
My brother listens to a music genre called ambient.
My brother lived in London for many years.
My brother lives abroad.
My brother lives in Annaba, Algeria.
My brother lives in Australia.
My brother lives in Boston.
My brother lives in Kabylie.
My brother lives in New York.
My brother lives in Sri Lanka.
My brother lives in Tokyo.
My brother lives in a small village.
My brother lives near Vilnius.
My brother lives not far from Vilnius.
My brother lives there.
My brother looks a lot like me.
My brother looks very similar to me.
My brother loves cars.
My brother loves damsons both cooked and raw, but I find them unpalatable when not made into jam.
My brother loves music.
My brother loves taking pictures of mountains.
My brother makes friends with anybody soon.
My brother makes it a rule to look over the newspaper before going to his office.
My brother married his friend's sister last year.
My brother married his friend’s sister last year.
My brother may have acute appendicitis, in which case he’d have to have an operation.
My brother may have to be operated on for the knee injury.
My brother missed the train because he got up too late.
My brother must be sick.
My brother must have written this letter.
My brother must've written this letter.
My brother must’ve written this letter.
My brother named his cat Hanako.
My brother named his cat Huazi.
My brother never helps me do the housework.
My brother often cries.
My brother often stays awake the whole night.
My brother often wears my clothes.
My brother overcame his fear.
My brother paid double the price.
My brother paid for the cake.
My brother passed away a few months ago.
My brother planted different vegetables.
My brother plays football.
My brother plays guitar.
My brother plays soccer.
My brother plays the guitar.
My brother polished the silver.
My brother prefers windsurfing.
My brother pretended to be working very hard.
My brother probably wrote this letter.
My brother ran out of the room without saying anything.
My brother reads more books than I do.
My brother really doesn't know what to do with these blank CDs.
My brother remained a bachelor.
My brother runs a deli.
My brother runs as fast as I do.
My brother runs really fast.
My brother runs very fast.
My brother saw to all the arrangements for the party.
My brother says he doesn't have any more money.
My brother says he isn't afraid of the dark.
My brother says he isn’t afraid of the dark.
My brother seems to enjoy himself at college.
My brother seldom, if ever, goes to church.
My brother sends you his regards.
My brother sends you his warm regards.
My brother sent a lot of gifts.
My brother sent many gifts.
My brother sent me a letter last week.
My brother sent me a photo in which he resembled Kaddafi.
My brother sent me several stamps from Italy.
My brother skips school often.
My brother slept in the garden.
My brother smokes a great deal.
My brother smokes.
My brother sometimes helps me with my homework.
My brother soon got used to living alone in Tokyo.
My brother speaks very fast.
My brother speaks very quickly.
My brother stayed in Rome for two days.
My brother still depends on our parents for his living expenses.
My brother still doesn't understand.
My brother still stands by me whenever I am in trouble.
My brother still stands by me whenever I'm in trouble.
My brother studied in England.
My brother studies English.
My brother studies andrology.
My brother studies as hard as I do.
My brother studies to become a doctor.
My brother suffered so much from the other kids calling him a Prussian.
My brother suffers from osteoporosis.
My brother swims every day in summer.
My brother swims well.
My brother takes a new book out of the library every day.
My brother takes care of our dog.
My brother takes good care of his belongings.
My brother takes great delight in his stamp collection.
My brother talks about you all the time.
My brother talks too much.
My brother taught me how to do it.
My brother taught me how to swim.
My brother taught me that.
My brother teaches Hebrew.
My brother that lives in Boston is a teacher.
My brother thinks that I am "like a Japanese scientist."
My brother thinks that he's stronger than me. But he's only six years old.
My brother thinks that learning more Latin would compliment my interests in astronomy and biology. Geographical features on moons and planets are often in Latin. Zoological and botanical names often use Latin.
My brother told his story and my parents listened.
My brother told me how to do it.
My brother told me that she was very beautiful, but I didn't think she would be that beautiful.
My brother told me that she was very beautiful, but I didn’t think she would be that beautiful.
My brother took a job offered in Boston.
My brother took me to the museum.
My brother took my computer to do a review.
My brother trains two hours a day.
My brother tried many times to pass the examination, finally succeeding.
My brother used to be a lawyer.
My brother used to do that.
My brother used to idle away many hours lying on the grass.
My brother used to live in New York.
My brother used to work in France.
My brother uses it.
My brother uses that bike.
My brother uses this bike.
My brother usually calls me from Chicago on Tuesday evenings.
My brother walks as fast as me.
My brother wanted to join the army but because of a heart condition he was judged unfit to serve.
My brother wants to go to the moon some day.
My brother wants to kill me.
My brother wants to study abroad.
My brother wants to visit Liechtenstein.
My brother was a furry, too.
My brother was always wasteful with his money.
My brother was better than me at everything in school.
My brother was closer to my grandfather than I.
My brother was drinking juice.
My brother was expert in handwork.
My brother was hurt in a car accident.
My brother was hurt in the accident.
My brother was injured in the car accident.
My brother was killed in a traffic accident.
My brother was mistreated.
My brother was so absorbed in reading that he did not notice me when I entered the room.
My brother was supposed to pick me up at the station, but I couldn't find him.
My brother was the apple of my father's eye.
My brother was the apple of my father’s eye.
My brother was threatened by someone waving a gun.
My brother was very pleased with the examination result.
My brother watches television.
My brother went to Australia.
My brother went to Bejaia.
My brother went to Italy.
My brother went to make an appointment for my mother.
My brother went to the United States to study law.
My brother went to the hospital with my mother.
My brother who lives in Boston is a carpenter.
My brother who lives in Boston is a doctor.
My brother will be cooking tortillas.
My brother will kill me.
My brother will often sit up all night.
My brother will play with the dog.
My brother will start working at a bank next year.
My brother will take you home.
My brother won't be at home tomorrow.
My brother wore his shirt inside out.
My brother worked as a lawyer.
My brother worked in France.
My brother worked in Tehran for a few years.
My brother works at a petrol station.
My brother works in France.
My brother works in a bank.
My brother works part-time in a library.
My brother would like to have a word with you.
My brother would often stay up all night reading novels.
My brother would often stay up all night.
My brother wrote me in the past week.
My brother yelled at me when I tried to go in his room.
My brother's an authority on philosophy.
My brother's apartment is in this building.
My brother's bedroom is bigger than mine.
My brother's birthday is September 9th.
My brother's broken his leg and has to use crutches for three weeks.
My brother's cat is purring non-stop.
My brother's dressing up as a football player this year.
My brother's ex works for Amnesty International.
My brother's first name is Tom.
My brother's first teeth have come in.
My brother's football team won a tournament yesterday.
My brother's girlfriend has black hair and green eyes.
My brother's going to kill me.
My brother's going to play with the dog.
My brother's got a fascinating job in an environmental research institute.
My brother's guitar is new.
My brother's health has been delicate.
My brother's her lawyer.
My brother's his father's lawyer.
My brother's his lawyer.
My brother's in Australia now.
My brother's in first grade.
My brother's murderer got off with just a year in jail. If that's not a travesty of justice, I don't know what is!
My brother's name is Tom.
My brother's outside.
My brother's room is always a mess.
My brother's room is always untidy.
My brother's room is both bigger and better lit.
My brother's room is smaller than mine.
My brother's six years younger than I am.
My brother's smoking.
My brother's son is my nephew.
My brother's widow has married again.
My brother's wife is my sister-in-law.
My brother's younger than me.
My brother, being yet unmarried, did not keep house, but boarded himself and his apprentices in another family.
My brother, being yet unmarried, did not keep house, but boarded with his apprentices at the home of another family.
My brother, who lives in Boston, is a carpenter.
My brother, whose reputation is bad, is a rich businessman.
My brother-in-law and I were born in the same year: I in January, he in December.
My brother-in-law came here from Rio de Janeiro on the thirtieth last month and tomorrow he is going to leave for Sao Paulo.
My brother-in-law died last Friday.
My brother-in-law died last Wednesday.
My brother-in-law easily loses his temper from trivial matters.
My brother-in-law is Belgian.
My brother-in-law is a cop.
My brother-in-law is a policeman.
My brother-in-law is a tailor.
My brother-in-law is a talented musician.
My brother-in-law is coming over tomorrow.
My brother-in-law is older than I am.
My brother-in-law is older than me.
My brother-in-law is ready to lose his temper at trifles.
My brother-in-law is really egotistical.
My brother-in-law is visiting us this weekend.
My brother-in-law laughs like a child.
My brother-in-law passed away a few months ago.
My brother-in-law passed away last Wednesday.
My brother-in-law read books all Saturday.
My brother-in-law speaks in a refined manner.
My brother-in-law stopped learning German and started to learn English.
My brother-in-law talks about you all the time.
My brother-in-law was of a different opinion.
My brother-in-law would like for me to be his son's godfather.
My brother-in-law would like me to be his son's godfather.
My brother-in-law's birthday is December 31st.
My brothers and I all share a room.
My brothers and I are quadruplets.
My brothers and I are separated by a large generation gap.
My brothers and I come from completely different generations.
My brothers and sisters are still at home.
My brothers and sisters are still in Australia.
My brothers and sisters know that I'm in love with you.
My brothers angered me.
My brothers annoyed me.
My brothers are a handful.
My brothers are already at school.
My brothers are already married.
My brothers are always joking around.
My brothers are at school now.
My brothers are both single.
My brothers are dolphins.
My brothers are still in Boston.
My brothers are under the tree.
My brothers have always shown emotional detachment toward me.
My brothers haven't answered your questions yet.
My brothers irritated me.
My brothers left and we stayed here.
My brothers protect me.
My brothers run in the park.
My brothers were both injured.
My brothers who live in Australia are both carpenters.
My brothers will be greatly loved by our citizens because of their erudition and modesty.
My brothers!
My brothers' names are Axel, Hatus and Arthur Kalel.
My brothers, do not be children in mind: in evil be as little children, but in mind be of full growth.
My brother’s an authority on philosophy.
My brother’s health has been delicate.
My brother’s in the army. He was just promoted to the rank of major.
My brother’s room is always a mess.
My brother’s widow has married again.
My browser keeps prompting me to install an update.
My bucket is full.
My buddy became a physicist.
My buddy got married this day.
My buddy's looking for a ride to Boston.
My budgerigar is moulting.
My budget is tight.
My budgie is happy.
My budgie is moulting.
My budgie keeps squawking at me. I don't know what she wants, but it seems important.
My bum hates me today.
My burden has been lifted.
My burning ambition is my most attractive personality trait and I know how to use it wisely.
My bus driver is Tom.
My bus has not passed yet.
My bus is here.
My bus is late.
My bus is now in sight.
My bus was late.
My busiest day of the week is Monday.
My business acquaintances know this number.
My business address is 465 Fifth Avenue.
My business has at last gotten on the right track.
My business here is done.
My business is at a standstill because of the recession.
My business is bleeding cash.
My business is doing quite well.
My business is doing very well.
My business is picking up again.
My business is prospering.
My business is slow right now.
My business is to make people laugh, not to make myself feel like crying.
My business is with you.
My business trip was canceled.
My business will be my son's someday.
My butt hurts.
My butt itches.
My button is bigger than yours.
My cake didn't rise.
My cake fell while it was baking.
My cake, please.
My calculation was correct.
My calculator couldn't apply the function because of a syntax error.
My calculator isn't working right.
My calculator made a mistake.
My calculus class has been described as a cult.
My calculus teacher is notorious among the other staff for her unique style.
My calculus teacher suggested that I ask my parents, who can't do calculus, for help on my homework whenever they bug me about my grades. Probably to make the point that they can't understand what I'm going through. I tried that, and they said she was stupid to say that.
My calendar is jam-packed.
My calf has been hurting since yesterday.
My calls keep going to voicemail.
My camera broke.
My camera can shoot high-definition video.
My camera doesn't need to be fixed.
My camera doesn’t need to be fixed.
My camera goes wherever I go.
My camera is a Nikon.
My camera is better than yours.
My camera is broken.
My camera is different from yours.
My camera is much better than hers.
My camera is much better than his.
My camera is much better than yours.
My camera is the same as your camera.
My camera is very small.
My camera is waterproof.
My camera isn't working.
My camera loads easily.
My camera was stolen on the train.
My camera was stolen.
My camera was very expensive.
My camera's display is defective.
My camping stove is very economical.
My canary was killed by a cat.
My canker hurts, so I can't really eat.
My canker hurts, so I can’t really eat.
My canteen is already half empty.
My canteen is empty.
My car battery died in the middle of the freeway.
My car battery is dead.
My car breaks down constantly.
My car broke down halfway to your house.
My car broke down on my way here.
My car broke down on the way again, and now I'm waiting for the breakdown service.
My car broke down on the way here.
My car broke down on the way home from work yesterday.
My car broke down on the way to the airport.
My car broke down on the way.
My car broke down this morning and it can't be repaired until Friday.
My car broke down this morning and won't be repaired until Friday.
My car broke down this morning and won’t be repaired until Friday.
My car broke down, so I had to take a bus.
My car broke down.
My car burned up.
My car burns a lot of gas.
My car burns less fuel than my grandmother's.
My car can beat yours!
My car can beat yours.
My car caught fire.
My car collided wih a motorbike.
My car collided with a motorbike.
My car cost a lot more than Tom's car did.
My car cost a lot more than Tom's car.
My car cost a lot more than Tom's did.
My car cost a lot more than Tom's.
My car cost a lot more than your car.
My car cost a lot more than yours.
My car cost more than yours did.
My car could use new tires.
My car didn't start because of the cold.
My car didn't start this morning, so I came to work by bus.
My car didn't start.
My car does thirty kilometres a litre.
My car doesn't always start.
My car doesn't have a satnav.
My car doesn't have enough horsepower.
My car gets about 13 kilometers per liter.
My car gets about 30 miles per gallon.
My car gets pretty good gas mileage.
My car gets thirty kilometers a liter.
My car got broken into.
My car got scratched.
My car got stuck in the mud.
My car got stuck in the snow.
My car has a flat tire.
My car has been broken into.
My car has been impounded.
My car has been repossessed.
My car has been stolen.
My car has broken down.
My car has broken down. Could you give me a jump-start?
My car has cruise control.
My car has developed a few quirks over the years.
My car has power windows and power door locks.
My car has run out of gas.
My car hasn't got a satnav.
My car is German.
My car is a Ford, just like yours.
My car is a Toyota.
My car is a clunker.
My car is a gas-guzzler.
My car is a gas-hog.
My car is a hybrid.
My car is a lot older than yours.
My car is a piece of junk.
My car is a pile of junk.
My car is a rust bucket.
My car is a used one.
My car is alcohol-powered.
My car is almost as old as yours.
My car is always breaking down.
My car is always conking out.
My car is always dirty.
My car is an old banger.
My car is at David's garage.
My car is at your disposal.
My car is being fixed now.
My car is being fixed.
My car is being repaired.
My car is blue.
My car is broken and it's in the shop now.
My car is broken and it’s in the shop now.
My car is broken.
My car is covered in pigeon poop.
My car is covered in pigeon shit.
My car is covered with pigeon poop.
My car is deficient in horsepower.
My car is equipped with a CD player.
My car is faster than yours.
My car is green.
My car is here.
My car is in bad shape.
My car is in the driveway.
My car is in the garage.
My car is in the parking lot behind this building.
My car is in the parking lot.
My car is in the shop, so I have to take the bus to work today.
My car is in the shop, so I’ll need to take the bus to work for the next couple days.
My car is large enough to carry five people.
My car is new.
My car is newer than Tom's.
My car is newer than yours.
My car is nicer than Tom's car.
My car is nicer than Tom's.
My car is not as big as Tom's.
My car is not brown.
My car is not red, it is blue.
My car is not running.
My car is not yellow.
My car is now being repaired.
My car is older than me.
My car is older than this tree.
My car is older than you are.
My car is older than you.
My car is older than your car.
My car is older than yours.
My car is on its last legs.
My car is out of gas.
My car is over there.
My car is parked across the street.
My car is parked behind Tom's car.
My car is parked down the street.
My car is parked in front of the hotel.
My car is parked in front of your car.
My car is parked in front of yours.
My car is parked in the alley.
My car is parked in the driveway.
My car is parked just around the corner.
My car is parked next to Tom's.
My car is parked not far from here.
My car is parked out front.
My car is parked outside.
My car is parked over there.
My car is parked right over there.
My car is red.
My car is registered in Germany.
My car is right there.
My car is stuck in the mud.
My car is stuck in the mud. Could you help me push it out?
My car is that one over there.
My car is the one over there next to Tom's.
My car is the only one that didn't run out of gas.
My car is three years older than yours.
My car is under repair.
My car is very dirty. I have to wash it!
My car is very old, but it still runs fairly well.
My car isn't as big as Tom's.
My car isn't brown.
My car isn't fancy, but it gets me from point A to point B.
My car isn't for sale.
My car isn't going to last much longer.
My car isn't powerful enough.
My car isn't red. It's blue.
My car isn't very reliable. I'm thinking of buying a new one.
My car isn't where I parked it.
My car isn't working.
My car isn't yellow.
My car keeps stalling.
My car looks shabby in comparison with his new one.
My car needs a brake job.
My car needs a new battery.
My car needs fixed.
My car needs fixing.
My car needs repairing.
My car needs to be fixed.
My car needs to be washed.
My car needs to go to the garage to be repaired.
My car needs washing.
My car ran out of gas.
My car stalled in the middle of the crossroads.
My car stalled in the middle of the intersection.
My car stalled in the tunnel.
My car stalled.
My car stopped on the way up the hill.
My car takes a lot of gas.
My car was badly damaged in the accident.
My car was broken into.
My car was damaged in a hit-and-run accident in a supermarket parking lot yesterday.
My car was green before I got it painted black.
My car was rear-ended.
My car was repossessed.
My car was stolen by a thief.
My car was stolen last night.
My car was stolen last week.
My car was stolen.
My car was stolen. It's no longer where I parked it.
My car was stolen. It's not where I parked it.
My car was totaled.
My car was wrecked in the crash.
My car wasn't good enough.
My car went into a skid on the bend.
My car will pick you up in the morning.
My car window is much more open than I left it.
My car won't start.
My car won’t start.
My car wouldn't start this morning.
My car wouldn't start.
My car's a clunker.
My car's a pile of junk.
My car's battery had gone dead.
My car's battery has died.
My car's been stolen.
My car's bigger than Tom's.
My car's broken down. Could you give me a jump-start?
My car's cruise control doesn't work.
My car's dirty.
My car's got to go to the garage to be repaired.
My car's in the garage.
My car's in the shop.
My car's not red. It's blue.
My car's out back.
My car's out of gas, so I can't drive anywhere.
My car's over there.
My car's parked just over there.
My car's parked out front.
My car's parked over there.
My car's the blue one over there.
My car's the one over there.
My car, such as it is, is at your disposal.
My car, which broke down yesterday, has not been repaired yet.
My card is charged.
My care coordinator is Tom.
My career choices puzzled my more traditional relatives.
My career in the government includes many overseas assignments.
My career is on the line.
My carefully laid plan has yet to come to fruition.
My carry-on luggage is over the allowed weight.
My car’s engine has stopped working.
My car’s in the shop.
My cassette tape recorder needs fixing.
My castle is haunted.
My cat Cookie is a dog at heart.
My cat Cookie woke me up this morning by climbing onto my chest.
My cat Tom looked up at me as I was talking to my partner about somebody named Tom. I had to tell him, "Not you, Tom. Other Tom."
My cat Tom looked up at me as I was talking to my partner about someone named Tom. I had to tell him, "Not you, Tom. Other Tom."
My cat and dog get along.
My cat ate a part of the rebate check.
My cat ate an olive.
My cat barks.
My cat became frantic as soon as the car began to move.
My cat came out from under the table.
My cat came out of the basket.
My cat cannot read Latin.
My cat catches birds.
My cat chirps.
My cat did a typical cat thing.
My cat died last night.
My cat died yesterday.
My cat died.
My cat does not like bathing.
My cat does not like being stroked.
My cat doesn't care that I'm fat. He just sees more to snuggle with.
My cat doesn't do anything.
My cat doesn't like being petted.
My cat doesn't like getting wet.
My cat doesn't like it when I speak French.
My cat doesn't like it when I speak Klingon.
My cat doesn't like the sound of French.
My cat doesn't like to get wet.
My cat doesn't pay me.
My cat doesn't sleep at night.
My cat doesn't speak Spanish.
My cat doesn't want to get wet.
My cat doesn’t like to get wet.
My cat eats like a horse.
My cat fell from the fifth floor and escaped unharmed.
My cat followed me to the corner store. She put her paws on the plate glass window outside and meowed at me.
My cat fought with another cat.
My cat gave birth to a kitten named Apollo.
My cat gave birth to kittens.
My cat girl, you're so uwu.
My cat goes to the vet alone.
My cat goes to the vet on its own.
My cat goes to the veterinarian alone.
My cat goes to the veterinarian on its own.
My cat got stuck up a tree.
My cat got stuck up in a tree.
My cat had a fight with another cat.
My cat had an operation.
My cat had kittens.
My cat had surgery.
My cat has a big, white, bushy tail.
My cat has a lot of vet bills.
My cat has a sunburn.
My cat has been dead for two days.
My cat has cancer.
My cat has come out from under the table.
My cat has disappeared. It's been missing for three days now.
My cat has gone missing.
My cat has stayed the whole night outside.
My cat ignores me, except when she's hungry.
My cat ignores me, except when she’s hungry.
My cat is a cat.
My cat is a vet.
My cat is a veterinarian.
My cat is always sleeping in the office I keep my computer.
My cat is an adamant Maoist.
My cat is big.
My cat is black.
My cat is blue, because he's an alien cat.
My cat is called Felix.
My cat is cute!
My cat is following me.
My cat is going to have kittens next month.
My cat is gone, it's already missing for three days.
My cat is gone, it’s already missing for three days.
My cat is happy.
My cat is hiding under the stove.
My cat is hiding under the table.
My cat is hungry.
My cat is in heat.
My cat is loafing at the end of the bed.
My cat is lying on me.
My cat is mad.
My cat is mischievous; he does his business on the floor instead of in the litter box.
My cat is missing.
My cat is named Doofus.
My cat is named Putin, but it's more handsome than Russia's President.
My cat is neutered.
My cat is on the roof. He doesn't dare come down anymore.
My cat is playing alone.
My cat is plump.
My cat is purring.
My cat is purring. It's adorable.
My cat is really beautiful.
My cat is really funny.
My cat is really smart.
My cat is running around the room.
My cat is shedding hair.
My cat is sick.
My cat is sleeping on my bed.
My cat is so adorable.
My cat is soaking wet.
My cat is such a baby, she follows me around wherever I go.
My cat is such a baby; she follows me around wherever I go.
My cat is suffering from the heat.
My cat is thrilled with joy when she gets fish for dinner.
My cat is unemployed.
My cat is very anxious to entertain me.
My cat is wet.
My cat is white.
My cat isn't doing anything.
My cat jumped when a soap bubble burst before her nose.
My cat jumped when a soap bubble burst in front of her nose.
My cat killed a squirrel.
My cat killed that mouse.
My cat killed this mouse.
My cat kind of looks like a biscuit.
My cat knows I like it.
My cat knows I love him.
My cat left the house and never returned.
My cat lies next to me when I play piano, but I think it's really appreciating the fabric of the bench and the warmth of the duct over it.
My cat likes it when I scratch her behind the ears.
My cat likes it when we scratch him behind the ears.
My cat likes my keyboard.
My cat likes stepping on my foot.
My cat likes to chase the mouse cursor.
My cat likes to hunt mice.
My cat likes to look out the window.
My cat likes to look through the window.
My cat likes to roam at night.
My cat likes to sit in front of my monitor when she thinks it's time to be fed.
My cat likes to sleep next to the radiator.
My cat likes to sleep under the blanket.
My cat lives with a fox terrier.
My cat looks sad.
My cat lost weight.
My cat loves catnip.
My cat loves cheese.
My cat loves licking people.
My cat loves me.
My cat loves milk.
My cat loves scratching my waterbed.
My cat loves shrimp.
My cat loves sleeping in the bathtub.
My cat loves to chase coins.
My cat loves to knock everything off the table.
My cat loves toys.
My cat meows a lot.
My cat meows all day because he wants my attention.
My cat meows all the time.
My cat mews a lot.
My cat might be a communist.
My cat moved out to my neighbour's house.
My cat needs surgery.
My cat only eats wet food.
My cat peers bemusedly at her reflection in the water.
My cat purrs a lot.
My cat purrs when I scratch behind his ears.
My cat purrs with pleasure when I pet it.
My cat quacks.
My cat ran away and never came back.
My cat rubbed her head against my shoulder.
My cat says hi.
My cat scratched Tom.
My cat scratched me.
My cat sleeps all day.
My cat sleeps on my back.
My cat sleeps with me.
My cat slept next to me.
My cat speaks basic French.
My cat started when a soap bubble burst before her nose.
My cat started when a soap bubble burst in front of her nose.
My cat stays indoors when it freezes.
My cat stays inside when it's freezing.
My cat threw up on the carpet.
My cat tweets.
My cat understands French, but she pretends not to.
My cat vomited on the carpet.
My cat wants to eat an ostrich.
My cat was sleeping next to me.
My cat was sprayed by a skunk.
My cat was the best cat in the entire world.
My cat wasn't impressed.
My cat weighs about ten pounds.
My cat will love this.
My cat woke me up at five in the morning.
My cat won't shut up about Mao.
My cat's affection was preconditioned, reasonably enough, on my feeding it.
My cat's breath smells like cat food.
My cat's fur is all matted.
My cat's name is Philip.
My cat's name isn't Tom.
My cat's really sneaky.
My cat, who has a refugee status, speaks with a Vietnamese accent.
My cats are my children.
My cats aren't sleeping under the bed any more.
My cats keep me company, which is good for me.
My cats love me.
My cats use a litter box for their business.
My cats use a litter box to go to the restroom.
My cats will love this.
My ceiling is your floor.
My cell is ringing.
My cell phone battery doesn't work anymore.
My cell phone decided to stop working.
My cell phone doesn't have any reception.
My cell phone doesn't work.
My cell phone doesn’t work.
My cell phone had ceased to show signs of life.
My cell phone has a built-in digital camera.
My cell phone is easy to use.
My cell phone is handy.
My cell phone is ringing.
My cell phone rang.
My cell phone was cheap.
My cell phone was off.
My cell went off.
My cellar is flooded.
My cellphone beeps if the battery is running low.
My cellphone charger broke down.
My cellphone died.
My cellphone fell on the floor.
My cellphone has been stolen.
My cellphone has no service.
My cellphone is not charging.
My cellphone is ringing.
My cellphone's battery is dead.
My chain saw is broken.
My chain-saw is broken.
My chair is stolen.
My chances of winning are slim.
My channel has a million subscribers.
My character and honor are steadfast. I persevere and thrive on adversity. I fight to win. Execution will be swift and violent when required. I will not fail.
My characters all have something of the hero archetype about them, in that they are largely stripped of context.
My charger broke on me.
My charger is broken.
My charger stopped working.
My charging cable is in a tangle.
My chauffeur will come get you.
My cheekbones hurt.
My cheeks are sore from smiling too much.
My cheeks burn.
My cheeks feel like they're on fire.
My cheeks were red.
My chemistry and biology teachers said that peeing on plants is good for them.
My chess mate has left you reeling?
My chest feels like it's going to explode.
My chest feels like it's going to pop.
My chest had become softer than the fig tree's fruit and my heart had become more fragile than the fig tree's leaves.
My chest had become softer than the fig tree’s fruit and my heart had become more fragile than the fig tree’s leaves.
My chest hurts a bit, so I am not going to eat.
My chest hurts when I breathe.
My chest hurts when I cough.
My chest hurts.
My chest is aching.
My chicken did not lay eggs today.
My chicken is here.
My chicken is not laying eggs.
My chickens lay too many eggs for me to eat them all.
My child can answer any question.
My child can't say "kikugobo." It always comes out as "kikubogo."
My child cannot say "Kinpira style sauteed Gobo", he always says "Pinkira style sauteed Bogo" instead.
My child cannot say "Kinpira style sauteed great burdock", he always says "Kinpira style sauteed Dockbur" instead.
My child can’t say "kikugobo." It always comes out as "kikubogo."
My child dislikes the dentist.
My child has contracted measles.
My child has no gender, so I have given them a unisex name.
My child has started to explore the world around him.
My child is a teenager.
My child is curious to know everything.
My child is falling asleep.
My child is hungry.
My child is ill.
My child is interesting in everything.
My child is lost.
My child is missing.
My child is sick.
My child learned to talk at nine months old.
My child likes to sleep between me and my wife.
My child needs a doctor.
My child would never do that.
My child! Who has my child? Who took my child?
My child's father is a math teacher at my school.
My child, be not an observer of omens, since it leadeth to idolatry, nor a user of spells, nor an astrologer, nor a travelling purifier, nor wish to see these things, for from all these things idolatry ariseth.
My child, don't worry, go to sleep.
My child, flee from every evil man and from all like him.
My child, flee from every evil thing, and from every likeness of it.
My child, fly from everything that is evil, and from everything that is like to it.
My child, regard not omens, for this leads to idolatry; neither be an enchanter, nor an astrologer, nor a magician, neither wish to see these things, for from them all is idolatry engendered.
My child, what are you afraid of?
My child, what hast thou done?
My childhood dream came true.
My childhood dream is coming true.
My childhood feels like a blank canvas.
My childhood friend became a musician.
My childhood nickname was "Fosforito".
My childhood was completely taken away from me. There was no Christmas, no birthdays. It was not a normal childhood, no normal pleasures of childhood. Those were exchanged for hard work, struggle and pain, and eventual material and professional success.
My childhood was complicated.
My childhood was foggy.
My childhood was good.
My childhood was pretty typical.
My childhood was spent without siblings or a close-knit family.
My children and I went for a walk in the woods.
My children are a blessing.
My children are adults now.
My children are all in perfect health.
My children are all scoundrels.
My children are all the same to me.
My children are alone.
My children are already asleep.
My children are asleep.
My children are at school.
My children are baptized.
My children are beautiful.
My children are coming with me.
My children are going to Cologne.
My children are growing up too fast.
My children are growing up.
My children are grown up.
My children are hungry.
My children are in Boston for the summer.
My children are in school.
My children are in the pool.
My children are mad about those rides. We just can't move past them.
My children are my top priority.
My children are my treasures.
My children are never denied food.
My children are not sleeping yet.
My children are now grown and have graduated from college.
My children are often grouchy in the morning.
My children are sick.
My children are sitting at the table.
My children are starving.
My children are still awake.
My children are still very young.
My children are the centre of my universe.
My children are threshing wheat.
My children are too young to eat solid food, so I make mashed food for them every day.
My children are twins.
My children are very naughty.
My children are very precious to me.
My children are very quiet.
My children are very well, thank you.
My children are very young.
My children asked me to buy them a telescope.
My children attend that school.
My children can speak French a little.
My children can speak French better than I can.
My children can't speak French.
My children can't speak Hebrew.
My children can't speak Hungarian.
My children can't speak Yiddish.
My children come first for me.
My children don't have their own rooms.
My children don't listen to me.
My children don't speak French yet.
My children don't speak French.
My children fill me with pride.
My children go to bed early.
My children graduated from public schools.
My children had eaten all the cookies by the time I got home.
My children have a lot more toys than your children do.
My children have a lot more toys than yours do.
My children have been kidnapped.
My children have just finished their homework.
My children have no fear of the neighbours' dog.
My children have to be raised Muslim.
My children have to stay indoors after dark.
My children haven't learned it, but maybe the grandchildren will again.
My children help me a lot.
My children just love fancy dress parties.
My children like Jell-O.
My children like licorice sticks.
My children like saccharum.
My children like school.
My children like to drink chocolate milk.
My children like to play on the swings in the park near my house.
My children like to sing in the car.
My children live in Athens.
My children live in Australia.
My children live in Beijing.
My children live in Berlin.
My children live in Boston.
My children live in London.
My children live in Moscow.
My children live in New York.
My children live in Paris.
My children live in Rome.
My children love animals.
My children love licorice.
My children love liquorice sticks.
My children love liquorice.
My children love listening to rock music.
My children love me.
My children love the story of Snow White.
My children make me proud.
My children make pathetically sincere efforts to get up early.
My children need me.
My children never help me clean the house.
My children often ask me for money.
My children operate on reverse psychology.
My children rarely go outside.
My children rarely read.
My children really like animals.
My children really love the story of the Snow Girl.
My children refuse to eat fish.
My children rely on me.
My children share my attention.
My children try hard to get up early.
My children try really hard to get up early, but they still often get to school late.
My children want to convert to Islam.
My children wear out their shoes quickly.
My children were born here.
My children were born in Australia.
My children were born in Boston.
My children were taken away from me.
My children will be absent from school today.
My children will come with me.
My children will probably have eaten all the candy by the time I get home.
My children won't eat fish.
My children won't listen to me.
My children's safety comes first.
My children, let us rise.
My chin hurts.
My chinchilla eats bread.
My chiropodist told me to keep my feet elevated for a few days.
My choice of clothing shouldn't matter to you. What is it to you?
My choices are limited.
My choices are my own.
My cholesterol is high.
My cholesterol levels are high.
My cholesterol went down.
My cigar went out. Will you give me a light?
My cigarettes are all gone, so I can't offer you any.
My city Asuncion, whose fame reaches far...
My city is always worth a visit.
My city is fifty kilometres from the capital.
My city is full of roast chicken shops.
My city is near the sea.
My class is in 20 minutes.
My class is made up of forty students.
My class is not very big; there are only 11 students.
My class let out at four.
My class tomorrow got cancelled, so I can stay up late.
My class tomorrow is very early in the day.
My class was canceled.
My class was cancelled.
My classes are not charged hourly. You’ll only pay for the lessons you have, no matter how long they last.
My classmate told me he'd be glad to help me.
My classmate, Xiao Ming, has strong managerial capability.
My classmates and I enjoy learning new vocabulary.
My classmates are pathetic. They have studied for four years and yet they can't conjugate verbs! The only student who can speak well is not in the class anymore.
My classmates made fun of me.
My classmates made fun of my accent.
My classmates make fun of me because I have two fathers.
My classmates tease me for having two fathers.
My classmates used to tease me about my accent.
My client has been charged with murder.
My client is innocent.
My client is willing to make a deal.
My client isn't saying another word.
My client never should have been arrested.
My client never should've been arrested.
My client wants to plead guilty.
My clock has stopped.
My clock is five minutes fast.
My clock is running 5 seconds faster every day.
My clock is two minutes fast.
My clock needs to be fixed.
My clock seems to be broken.
My closest friend is Tom.
My closest friend's name is Tom.
My closet is full of junk I don't need.
My closet is full of junk I never use anymore.
My closet is full of junk that I don't need.
My closet is full of junk that I never use anymore.
My closet is full of junk.
My closet is full of things I never plan to use again.
My closet is full of things I never plan to wear again.
My closet is full of things that I never plan to use again.
My closet is full of things that I never plan to wear again.
My closet is full of things that I never wear.
My closet is quite small.
My clothes are all gone.
My clothes are dirty.
My clothes are down there.
My clothes are full of suds.
My clothes are gone.
My clothes are over there.
My clothes are still wet.
My clothes are there.
My clothes are wet.
My clothes became dirty.
My clothes disappeared.
My clothes get wet so I took off them.
My clothes got wet because it was pouring down rain.
My clothes got wet so I took them off.
My clothes got wet.
My clothes have an oily smell because I ate at an okonomiyaki place.
My clothes were dirty with oil.
My clothes were soaking wet.
My clothes were stolen.
My co-worker and I share a love for science, but I must admit I'm more of a traditionalist.
My co-worker can't stand papaya juice.
My co-worker doubts that he caught COVID.
My co-worker has been calling.
My co-worker is a wolf in sheep's clothing.
My co-worker is a wolf in sheep’s clothing.
My co-workers reimbursed me for the tickets I bought.
My co-workers were all from Algeria.
My coach asked me if I was "unattached" and I didn't understand so I said yes.
My coach asked me if I was "unattached" and I didn’t understand so I said yes.
My coach eats 6,000 calories a day.
My coach eats 8,000 calories a day and never gains weight.
My coach helped me.
My coach is gonna kill me.
My coach said, "Failure teaches success."
My coat got caught on a barb on the barbed wire.
My coat has a button missing.
My coat has a hood, but I hardly ever use it.
My coat has eight pockets.
My coat has finally worn out.
My coat has pockets.
My coat has two pockets.
My coat has two-hole buttons.
My coat is in the car.
My coat is in the cloakroom.
My coat is missing three buttons.
My coat is too big.
My coat wasn't expensive.
My cock is huge.
My cock is in the queue.
My coffee addiction's back in full force.
My coffee cooled down.
My coffee cup is next to Tom's.
My coffee got cold.
My coffee is cold.
My coffee is stronger than John's.
My coffee is too hot.
My coffee isn't hot any longer.
My coffee machine first grinds the beans.
My coffee mug disappeared.
My coffee needs just a tad more sugar.
My coffee, please.
My cold has almost passed.
My cold has made me rather sniffy.
My cold is due to you.
My cold is getting worse.
My cold is going.
My cold is on the way out.
My cold isn't getting any better.
My collarbone is broken.
My colleague Carlos is a clear communicator who avoids misunderstandings.
My colleague Carlos is a forward thinker who keeps up with industry trends.
My colleague Carlos is a good listener and takes feedback constructively.
My colleague Carlos is a good listener who provides constructive feedback.
My colleague Carlos is a great listener and provides helpful advice.
My colleague Carlos is a natural teacher who enjoys sharing his knowledge with others.
My colleague Carlos is a problem solver who tackles challenges head-on.
My colleague Carlos is a strategic thinker who considers the big picture.
My colleague Carlos is a strong communicator who ensures that everyone is on the same page.
My colleague Carlos is always willing to share his knowledge and expertise with others.
My colleague Carlos is an excellent team player who encourages collaboration.
My colleague Carlos is an expert in computer programming.
My colleague Carlos is very skilled at troubleshooting technical issues.
My colleague Paul, who had been a seminarian, spoke fluent Latin and Greek.
My colleague and I do the same job, but he was promised a promotion in a very short while.
My colleague and I do the same job, but she was promised a promotion very soon.
My colleague and her husband are both American.
My colleague bit me more than five times, so I decided to throw in the towel.
My colleague doctored the report.
My colleague filled in for me while I was sick.
My colleague has a big neck.
My colleague has a colleague.
My colleague is my neighbor's nephew.
My colleague is my neighbour's cousin.
My colleague knows the technical data.
My colleagues warmly welcomed me.
My colleagues welcomed me very warmly.
My collection was in need of replenishment.
My college has a dorm.
My college has a dormitory.
My college has dormitories.
My college tuition is too expensive.
My color preferences are blue, red, and white in this order.
My comforter was soaked in sweat.
My coming to Kabylie saved my life.
My comment has been deleted.
My comment sparked off an argument in the group.
My comment was deleted.
My comment was just a joke.
My comment was sarcastic.
My comments were ironic.
My commitment to my family showcases my values.
My commitments don't allow me to travel.
My common sense is so messed up, that it's not common anymore.
My common sense is so messed up, that it’s not common anymore.
My common-law husband and I have been living in Texas and now want to validate our common-law marriage so that it is legally recognized.
My companion encourages me to savour every moment of my life.
My companion flushed up with pleasure at my words, and the earnest way in which I uttered them. I had already observed that he was as sensitive to flattery on the score of his art as any girl could be of her beauty.
My companion said that she was too tired to walk, let alone run.
My companion sat silent for some time, with his chin upon his hand, lost in thought.
My companion was in the best of spirits.
My companions are running into the forest.
My companions were all asleep.
My companions were watching me in silence and, unlike other times when my wonder had made them laugh, they remained serious.
My companions, who weren't wearing hats, apparently had their noses and cheeks turn red.
My companions, who weren’t wearing hats, apparently had their noses and cheeks turn red.
My companion’s nerves seemed to be stronger than mine.
My company doesn't offer any training programs.
My company has decided to outsource my job.
My company has started promoting it.
My company is a success.
My company is handling the PR for that video game.
My company is particularly strict about security.
My company is sending us all to Boston next year.
My company is sending us all to Hakone this year.
My company is successful.
My compliments to the chef.
My compliments to the hands that made this possible.
My composition in Kabyle contains many mistakes.
My comprehension of complex subjects like these is limited.
My computer already went to the concert.
My computer barely working
My computer behavior's surprises me.
My computer broke down.
My computer broke due to the heat.
My computer broke yesterday.
My computer broke.
My computer cost a lot more than yours did.
My computer cost a lot more than yours.
My computer cost a lot of money.
My computer crashed and I lost everything.
My computer crashed and now it won't boot up.
My computer crashed and now it won't start up.
My computer crashed because of a glitch.
My computer crashed due to a virus.
My computer crashed just as I was about to hit "send".
My computer crashed while installing the driver and now my hardware is bricked.
My computer crashed.
My computer died on me.
My computer does strange things.
My computer doesn't boot up anymore.
My computer doesn't seem to be connecting to the printer.
My computer doesn't work anymore.
My computer failed.
My computer froze again.
My computer froze up.
My computer got hacked.
My computer has a bug.
My computer has a virus.
My computer has already been infected with the BraveSentry virus.
My computer has been in concert since yesterday.
My computer has been infected with BraveSentry.
My computer has been randomly shutting off.
My computer has crashed.
My computer has frozen.
My computer has got to be useful for something.
My computer has never been inspected.
My computer has never undergone a review.
My computer has not been reviewed yet.
My computer has not been reviewed.
My computer hasn't arrived from the concert yet.
My computer is a lot better than yours.
My computer is antiquated already.
My computer is at the concert.
My computer is behaving strangely.
My computer is borked.
My computer is broken.
My computer is choppy all the time.
My computer is connected to a properly earthed socket.
My computer is connected to a properly grounded outlet.
My computer is defective.
My computer is expensive.
My computer is grey.
My computer is hung up.
My computer is in serious trouble.
My computer is infected.
My computer is much newer than yours.
My computer is my best friend.
My computer is newer than yours.
My computer is not ready yet.
My computer is not with me yet.
My computer is not working properly, I think I will restore the settings.
My computer is not working properly.
My computer is not working.
My computer is old.
My computer is old. Next month I will buy a new one on the internet.
My computer is out of order, and I have to get it repaired.
My computer is powerful.
My computer is red.
My computer is running around the clock.
My computer is running slow.
My computer is running slow. I may have a virus or it is about to crash.
My computer is slow.
My computer is slower than a turtle.
My computer is still at the concert.
My computer is terribly slow.
My computer is three years older than yours.
My computer is very important to me.
My computer is very old.
My computer is very slow.
My computer is with my brother.
My computer is working fine.
My computer isn't responding.
My computer isn't working.
My computer keeps crashing.
My computer kept telling me I have an invalid username or password, and now my keyboard doesn't work.
My computer makes a really weird noise.
My computer no longer boots up.
My computer often crashes.
My computer quit working yesterday.
My computer shut down automatically.
My computer sometimes shuts down suddenly.
My computer started having problems recently.
My computer stopped working a few days ago.
My computer suddenly stopped working.
My computer uses Linux.
My computer was down yesterday.
My computer was working normal.
My computer went to the concert last week.
My computer won't boot up.
My computer won't start any more.
My computer won't start up anymore.
My computer won't turn on.
My computer works fine now.
My computer works perfectly.
My computer's acting strange.
My computer's acting up again.
My computer's acting up.
My computer's fan is making a lot of noise.
My computer's fan started spinning with a soft whirr.
My computer’s acting strange.
My comrade blew a shrill call upon a whistle. There was the clatter of running feet upon the pavement, and two policemen in uniform, with one plain-clothes detective, rushed through the front entrance and into the room.
My comrades encouraged me to fulfill my ambitions.
My concern here is whether the women's movement is fading or not.
My concern here is whether the women’s movement is fading or not.
My concern is the future.
My concern isn't so much about achieving goals but rather enjoying the journey.
My concern isn't so much about attending meetings but rather contributing effectively.
My concern isn't so much about being promoted but rather performing well in my current role.
My concern isn't so much about buying a house but rather affording the mortgage.
My concern isn't so much about buying gifts but rather making them meaningful.
My concern isn't so much about cooking meals but rather enjoying them.
My concern isn't so much about dressing well but rather feeling comfortable in my clothes.
My concern isn't so much about earning degrees but rather gaining practical knowledge.
My concern isn't so much about eating healthy but rather staying consistent with it.
My concern isn't so much about finding a job but rather keeping one.
My concern isn't so much about having children but rather raising them well.
My concern isn't so much about how I earn money but rather how I keep it.
My concern isn't so much about learning new skills but rather applying them effectively.
My concern isn't so much about losing weight but rather maintaining it.
My concern isn't so much about making money but rather managing it wisely.
My concern isn't so much about making new friends but rather keeping them.
My concern isn't so much about meeting new people but rather building lasting relationships.
My concern isn't so much about planning events but rather ensuring they run smoothly.
My concern isn't so much about saving money but rather investing it wisely.
My concern isn't so much about starting a project but rather finishing it.
My concern isn't so much about studying hard but rather understanding the material.
My concern isn't so much about traveling to new places but rather experiencing the local culture.
My concern isn't so much about writing a book but rather getting it published.
My condolences for your father.
My condolences to you and your crew.
My condolences!
My condolences.
My confidence is back.
My confidence is wavering.
My congratulations on the birth of your baby boy.
My congratulations on your new home!
My conjunctivitis is chronic.
My conlang Vling is a tonal language, and each tone corresponds to a part of speech.
My conlang has 500 words for depression.
My connection has sporadic problems.
My connection is really slow tonight.
My conscience bothers me.
My conscience demands that I return to my family, who will be terribly concerned.
My conscience does not allow me to do that.
My conscience does not blame me.
My conscience doesn't allow me to do that.
My conscience doesn't bother me.
My conscience has been awakened.
My conscience has never tormented me for this.
My conscience is awakened.
My conscience is bothering me.
My conscience is clear but yours is apparently not.
My conscience is clear.
My conscience is not clean.
My conscience is tormenting me.
My contact lenses make my eyes dry. Should I use drops?
My contemporaries are, working, shopping, out and about, all the time.
My contentment was short-lived.
My contract expires October twentieth.
My contract expires on October twentieth.
My contract is for a full-time job.
My contract is for three years.
My contract isn't likely to be renewed.
My contract probably won't be renewed.
My contract won't be renewed.
My contractions last about forty-five seconds.
My contribution is still pending approval.
My contribution was ignored in the discussion.
My conversion to Islam allowed me to develop interesting relationships.
My conversion to Islam boosted my self-confidence.
My conversion to Islam created peace in me.
My conversion to Islam relaxed me.
My conversion to Islam was a good experience.
My conversion to Islam was a gradual process.
My conversion to Islam was a personal decision.
My conversion to Islam was a wise decision.
My conversion to Islam was the most wonderful thing that ever happened in my life.
My conversion to Islam wasn't very easy.
My cooking cannot hold a candle to Mother's.
My cooking cannot hold a candle to Mother’s.
My cooking doesn't equal my mother's.
My cooking had almost burnt by the time I came to the kitchen.
My cooking skills improved without me even realizing it.
My cooler broke down.
My copy of FL Studio isn't compatible with my new laptop.
My correction fluid has run out, so now I only write in pencil.
My cough got worse.
My cough has gotten worse.
My cough is acting up again.
My cough is getting worse.
My cough sounds worse than it really is.
My counselor introduced me to my teachers.
My country has beautiful beaches, lush nature and a perennial spring climate.
My country has wonderful beaches.
My country is Algeria and I'm proud of it.
My country is Algeria.
My country is Kabylia.
My country is always right.
My country is even more beautiful when covered in snow.
My country is even more beautiful when it's blanketed in snow.
My country is far away from Japan.
My country is far from Japan.
My country is going through a difficult time.
My country is populous.
My country is rich in natural resources.
My country is situated in North Africa, south of the Mediterranean Sea.
My country is the greatest country in the world.
My country is the whole world.
My country is the world, and my religion is to do good.
My country is the world.
My country needs me.
My country's enemies are always in the wrong, and my country is always in the right.
My country's enemies are weak, insignificant, and dangerous.
My country's name is "Russia".
My country, stop crying.
My courage and my resolution are firm; but my hopes fluctuate and my spirits are often depressed.
My courage failed me at the crucial moment.
My couscous was excellent.
My cousin Eve in my Lulu Island home likes to watch a lot of ice hockey games. There is something about big men skating on cold white ice.
My cousin Teddy majored in French in college and studied in Paris for one year.
My cousin always says he'll call, but he doesn't.
My cousin defected from communist Hungary in the 1960s.
My cousin doesn't listen to anyone.
My cousin from Boston, Tom, is here today.
My cousin goes back there often.
My cousin goes to the Carpathians every year.
My cousin had been sick in bed for a week when I visited him.
My cousin has a black belt in Taekwondo.
My cousin has a defined chest.
My cousin has a large collection of action figures.
My cousin has a son with autism.
My cousin has been calling.
My cousin has blonde curly hair.
My cousin has curly blonde hair.
My cousin in Hokkaido is a good skier.
My cousin invited me to her big birthday party.
My cousin invited me to her wedding.
My cousin is Muslim.
My cousin is a Freemason.
My cousin is a Mason.
My cousin is a famous VTuber.
My cousin is a journalist.
My cousin is a junkie.
My cousin is a lawyer.
My cousin is a little older than I am.
My cousin is a little older than I.
My cousin is already four years old.
My cousin is coming over tomorrow.
My cousin is four years old, but she eats as much as I do.
My cousin is four, but he eats as much as I do.
My cousin is from Egypt. He is Egyptian.
My cousin is getting married next week, and apparently the fiancee's family is full of conspiracy theorists.
My cousin is getting married tomorrow.
My cousin is good at doing magic tricks.
My cousin is having a baby next month.
My cousin is her husband.
My cousin is hooked on smack.
My cousin is so steeped in schoolwork that his friends call him bookworm.
My cousin is the last man but one in the line.
My cousin is the last person to break his promise.
My cousin is the second to the last person in the line.
My cousin is the tailor behind the school.
My cousin is the worst.
My cousin isn't the kind of person who'd ever break a promise.
My cousin joined the army.
My cousin left Hungary a little after that.
My cousin left Hungary a little after the 1956 revolution.
My cousin likes to read Tintin.
My cousin lives in the heart of Paris.
My cousin lives on the beach.
My cousin lost his life in a serious car accident.
My cousin passed away a few months ago.
My cousin pushed me in the water.
My cousin received the call of God and became a priest.
My cousin serves in the Marines.
My cousin serves with the Marines.
My cousin suffers from osteoporosis.
My cousin took me around the town.
My cousin took me by surprise by coming without previous notice.
My cousin traveled to Spain two days ago, however he has not yet contacted my aunt.
My cousin traveled to Spain two years ago, however my aunt has not yet heard from him.
My cousin wants to get divorced.
My cousin was familiar with trouble when he was young.
My cousin who lives in Boston is a good skier.
My cousin works in a shop near our home.
My cousin's birthday is July 26th.
My cousin's birthday is November 3rd.
My cousin's house is small.
My cousin's school is much easier than mine.
My cousin, who is a lawyer, is in France at present.
My cousin, who was a drunk, said that Jesus talked to him every night.
My cousins all live in Australia.
My cousins and I would gather around grandma to listen to her stories.
My cousins are coming in a few days.
My cousins go to Boston every year.
My cousins live in Boston.
My cousins live in Kabylie, Algeria.
My cousins live near the beach.
My cousins live on the beach.
My cousins still live in Kabylie, Algeria.
My cow has worms in its anus.
My coworker is really stuck up.
My coworker knows the technical data.
My coworker really knows how to suck up to the boss.
My coworkers came back from the concert having lost their voice.
My cram school is a long way from here.
My creativity finds an outlet through learning modern languages.
My credit card application at the bank was approved. Now I need to wait for a representative to call me to finalize the process.
My credit card comes with a concierge service that can book hotels, arrange flower deliveries, organize birthday parties, or cater to any other whim or fancy.
My credit card is maxed out.
My credit card was invalid.
My credit card was rejected by the ATM.
My credit card was rejected by the cash machine.
My credit card was rejected by the cashpoint.
My credit card was stolen on the subway.
My credit cards are maxed out.
My credit is good for 50,000 yen.
My credit's good.
My crew is the best!
My crime seems unreal to me.
My criterion is the ability to work joyfully.
My critical thinking, articulating, and writing skills have definitely improved from all the serious practice, both in class and on my own.
My crush said "good night" to me last night.
My crush turned into something more important.
My culture does not associate sexuality with poverty.
My culture does not equate sexuality with dumbness.
My culture is objectively superior to theirs.
My cup is empty.
My cup is that one.
My cup was empty.
My cup's empty.
My curiosity always leads me to ask too many questions.
My curiosity fuels my passion for travel and exploration.
My curiosity got the better of me.
My curiosity was aroused.
My curiosity was piqued.
My current boss is a woman.
My current boss is hard to please.
My current boss is tough to please.
My current only hope is money.
My current routine doesn't excite me.
My curses on the big sheep.
My cursive is incomprehensible, which is why I print when I write.
My curtains were closed, so I didn't see what was happening outside.
My curtains were open, so I could see what was happening outside.
My customers never complain.
My dad accepted Islam.
My dad always buys his bread at the bakery.
My dad always called me Tom.
My dad always encourages him.
My dad always loved me.
My dad and I love watching rocket launches.
My dad and my mom went to shopping with my brother and sister.
My dad arrived late at work this morning because of a traffic jam.
My dad asked me to open the door.
My dad bought a cow.
My dad bought a lot of cars.
My dad bought a model plane for me for Christmas.
My dad bought me a big yellow bicycle.
My dad bought me books.
My dad bought more stuff.
My dad built that house.
My dad can't get enough of those meathead docusoaps on the History Channel.
My dad cheated on my mom.
My dad could beat up your dad.
My dad didn't eat.
My dad died before I was born.
My dad died when I was thirteen.
My dad doesn't drink anymore.
My dad doesn't drive because he's afraid of getting in an accident.
My dad doesn't hate you.
My dad doesn't know, but mom does.
My dad doesn't let me drive.
My dad doesn't let me go to the cinema alone.
My dad doesn't like anything.
My dad doesn't like football.
My dad doesn't like me dating him.
My dad doesn't like soccer.
My dad doesn't love music.
My dad doesn't want me driving there everyday, so he's paying my rent.
My dad doesn’t like soccer.
My dad drank all my beer.
My dad drinks, my mum smokes.
My dad drops in on me from time to time.
My dad faced the same fate.
My dad gave it to me.
My dad gave up alcohol.
My dad gives me a weekly allowance that I use to buy comics and ice cream.
My dad gives me an allowance of $10 a week.
My dad goes out for a walk every morning.
My dad got a pacemaker recently.
My dad got them for me when I was your age.
My dad had a heart attack.
My dad had already set a good example at home.
My dad has a black belt in taekwondo.
My dad has a look at the newspaper every morning.
My dad has always drunk beer. I've never seen him drink anything else.
My dad has always loved me.
My dad has been juggling working full-time at home, taking care of me, and taking care of the dog, all at the same time.
My dad has been sacked.
My dad has been taking care of me for the past month.
My dad has been working for the same company for 35 years.
My dad has bought me a pair of socks.
My dad has got so much experience in life, and I always follow his advice.
My dad has just phoned.
My dad has just rung.
My dad has recently been diagnosed with cerebral palsy.
My dad has recently got a cerebral palsy.
My dad hasn't bought my Christmas clothes yet.
My dad hasn't bought my car yet.
My dad hasn't bought my new year's clothes yet.
My dad hates your dad.
My dad helped me tie my tie.
My dad helped me with my tie.
My dad helped with my tie.
My dad inspired me.
My dad is Jewish and my mom Arab.
My dad is a bricklayer.
My dad is a darling of a man.
My dad is a doctor.
My dad is a firefighter.
My dad is a fishing maniac.
My dad is a lawyer.
My dad is a retired officer.
My dad is a retired teacher.
My dad is a stubborn man at his job.
My dad is a teacher and my mum is a doctor.
My dad is accustomed to jogging at night.
My dad is all the time drunk.
My dad is always angry.
My dad is an alcoholic.
My dad is busy.
My dad is complaining; he's been constantly busy since last week.
My dad is downstairs watching TV.
My dad is from Georgia, but my mom is American.
My dad is going back to Australia.
My dad is going to Houston this weekend.
My dad is going to whip me just like a donkey.
My dad is her son.
My dad is his son.
My dad is in his room.
My dad is more powerful than yours.
My dad is not OK with my conversion to Islam.
My dad is not at home for the moment.
My dad is not fond of music.
My dad is not home at the moment.
My dad is often furious because of his car.
My dad is older than yours.
My dad is on a business trip.
My dad is really good at speaking English and Spanish.
My dad is smart.
My dad is special.
My dad is still in Algeria.
My dad is stronger than your dad.
My dad is teaching me how to cook.
My dad is the best dad in the universe.
My dad is the best dad in the world.
My dad is the dean of admissions.
My dad is the one who makes dinner at my house.
My dad is their son.
My dad is very strict.
My dad is watching football tonight.
My dad isn't as rich as my grandpa.
My dad isn't home at the moment.
My dad isn't home with the milk yet.
My dad isn't home.
My dad just called.
My dad keeps a journal every day.
My dad keeps on telling bad jokes like: "Are you fed up of going to Fedup's?".
My dad keeps on telling bad jokes like: "Are you tired of going to Akita?".
My dad lied to me.
My dad likes Lego Technic.
My dad likes tennis.
My dad likes to get up early.
My dad listens to classical music.
My dad lives and works in Tokyo.
My dad loses his keys at least once a week.
My dad lost his job, so I had to pay the bills.
My dad loves my mom.
My dad loves us.
My dad never gives me money. He's too stingy.
My dad never managed to adapt to the city, he's always been fonder of living in the countryside.
My dad owns a bakery.
My dad owns a lot of books.
My dad passed away a few months ago.
My dad reads the newspaper every day.
My dad really likes to eat pizza.
My dad said no.
My dad said that the house costs a few million.
My dad said the shahada at seventy-four.
My dad saves some of his wages every week.
My dad says I type like a chicken eating corn.
My dad says you said you didn't want anything from Tom.
My dad sometimes goes to Australia for business.
My dad speaks English well.
My dad still hasn't eaten dinner?
My dad takes me to school in his car.
My dad talks about you all the time.
My dad taught me how to do it.
My dad taught me to work hard.
My dad thinks my boyfriend is a real whack job.
My dad told me not to trust even my own shadow.
My dad told me off.
My dad took a picture of me.
My dad took my toy out of my hands.
My dad took us to the zoo yesterday.
My dad used to be a miller.
My dad used to drive a Beetle.
My dad used to have a herd of goats.
My dad used to work at the Home Office.
My dad uses the Toki Pona book a lot.
My dad usually got up at six, even in the winter.
My dad wants me to study in Australia.
My dad was a careless person, but he did give me one useful piece of advice.
My dad was a coach.
My dad was a hard man.
My dad was a prisoner during that time.
My dad was an actor.
My dad was born in Poland. I know a little bit about the immigrant experience. Nobody has ever asked me for my birth certificate. Maybe it has something to do with the color of my skin.
My dad was in the military.
My dad was my best friend.
My dad was once a poor laborer.
My dad was the best dad in the world.
My dad went fishing.
My dad went out for a run after dinner.
My dad went to buy milk.
My dad will come back home this weekend.
My dad will kill me.
My dad won't let me go out with Bill.
My dad won't let me go out with Tom.
My dad won't let my sister go to Boston.
My dad won’t let me go out with Bill.
My dad works all day.
My dad works here.
My dad works on the railways.
My dad would like to meet you.
My dad's a clerk.
My dad's been sacked.
My dad's dad is my grandpa.
My dad's estranged because my mum's hopeless.
My dad's free on Monday.
My dad's free on Saturday.
My dad's friend was diagnosed with early onset Alzheimer's disease.
My dad's getting to the station at five.
My dad's mum is my grandma.
My dad's name is Fritz.
My dad's name is Tom.
My dad's not as old as he looks.
My dad's not here.
My dad's not in.
My dad's pastime is skydiving.
My dad's retiring next spring.
My dad's sister and my mum's sister are my aunts.
My dad's tangy barbecue sauce recipe is a well-kept family secret.
My dad, who is a virgin, had me in a test tube gestating for 9 months.
My daddy and mommy are getting a divorce.
My daddy issues have nothing to do with my politics!
My daddy turned my ass red from spanking.
My dads are healthy.
My dad’s best friend and him used to play baseball when they were in their high school years.
My dad’s estranged. (Because my mum’s hopeless).
My dad’s name is Fritz.
My dad’s pastime is skydiving.
My daily existence is characterized by a constant stream of problems that I need to address.
My daily routine of English has been greatly reduced.
My dancing career isn't over.
My darling kitten has been gone for weeks.
My darling!
My data-burning software is showing an error message.
My date of birth is unmissable and unforgettable and can be easily remembered.
My date shivered and sweated uncontrollably as she asked me for children way the hell too early.
My date was a disaster.
My date with Tom was an utter disaster.
My daughter Brigitta is a seamstress.
My daughter Christina is 19 years old today.
My daughter Mary is my pride, and my son Tom is my joy.
My daughter Meva is turning nineteen years old today.
My daughter and I are alike grateful for this opportunity of thanking the brave man to whom she owes her life and I mine.
My daughter asked me to brush her hair.
My daughter at that time was taking Berber lessons.
My daughter barricaded herself in her room.
My daughter breeds African cichlids from Lake Malawi.
My daughter came to see me from time to time.
My daughter caught a cold.
My daughter cut her veins with a piece of glass.
My daughter disappeared.
My daughter does her chores like an eager beaver when I promise her ice cream after she finishes.
My daughter does not talk back these days; she must have turned over a new leaf.
My daughter drew me a picture.
My daughter frequently experienced asthma attacks as a child.
My daughter gives me so much joy.
My daughter goes to school.
My daughter got straight A's on her report card, she's a bright young thing.
My daughter graduated from high school last year.
My daughter graduated from the university today.
My daughter graduated from university today.
My daughter graduated today.
My daughter grew up.
My daughter grew.
My daughter had a concussion.
My daughter had a huge fit when we told her we weren't going to take her to the park.
My daughter had a really bad dream.
My daughter has a brother.
My daughter has a dental appointment tomorrow.
My daughter has a make-believe friend.
My daughter has a talent for music.
My daughter has already returned from school.
My daughter has an appointment with the dentist tomorrow.
My daughter has an imaginary friend.
My daughter has been calling.
My daughter has been nursing her baby for over six months.
My daughter has been suffering from anorexia for four years already.
My daughter has braces.
My daughter has disappeared!
My daughter has fever. I should call the doctor.
My daughter has fever. Should I call the doctor?
My daughter has grown into a dress my wife used to wear.
My daughter has grown out of all her old clothes.
My daughter has grown out of this suit.
My daughter has just given birth to quadruplets!
My daughter has reached a marriageable age.
My daughter has rhythm in her blood. She wants to be a dancer when she grows up.
My daughter has started collecting dolls.
My daughter has started crawling.
My daughter has suffered from anorexia for four years.
My daughter has taken up collecting dolls.
My daughter has taken up doll collecting.
My daughter has talent for music.
My daughter held on to my coat sleeve and would not let me go.
My daughter held on to my coat sleeve and wouldn't let me go.
My daughter helps me clean up the kitchen, she's very helpful.
My daughter is Spanish and Polish at the same time.
My daughter is a Spanish teacher.
My daughter is a bit under the weather.
My daughter is a communicative and inquisitive girl.
My daughter is a tomboy.
My daughter is all I have in the world.
My daughter is already grown up.
My daughter is an adult.
My daughter is an honor student.
My daughter is barely fifteen.
My daughter is being potty trained.
My daughter is being toilet trained.
My daughter is blind.
My daughter is blonde.
My daughter is but a child.
My daughter is buying milk from the store.
My daughter is buying milk in the shop.
My daughter is coming home.
My daughter is coming over tomorrow.
My daughter is convinced she's a fairy. Yesterday she tried to jump off the balcony, thinking she would've been able to fly.
My daughter is cutting her permanent teeth.
My daughter is dating Tom.
My daughter is fast asleep.
My daughter is getting married in June.
My daughter is getting married.
My daughter is going to buy new furniture.
My daughter is having dinner.
My daughter is ill.
My daughter is in her late teens.
My daughter is in hospital because she was injured in a traffic accident.
My daughter is in labor.
My daughter is in labour.
My daughter is in the hospital because she was injured in a traffic accident.
My daughter is looking forward to Christmas.
My daughter is my blood.
My daughter is my flesh.
My daughter is my own flesh.
My daughter is nice.
My daughter is not a child anymore.
My daughter is not three yet.
My daughter is not yet three years old.
My daughter is not yet three.
My daughter is often sick.
My daughter is only four years old.
My daughter is only four.
My daughter is only three years old.
My daughter is only three.
My daughter is out on her first date.
My daughter is sick, we are going to the doctor.
My daughter is sick.
My daughter is simultaneously Spanish and Polish.
My daughter is still at school.
My daughter is still at work.
My daughter is still quite young.
My daughter is still small.
My daughter is still under three years old.
My daughter is studying veterinary medicine at university as she is intending to become a veterinarian in the future.
My daughter is the apple of my eye.
My daughter is the basis of my universe.
My daughter is the foundation of my world.
My daughter is the pillar of my life.
My daughter is the same age as you.
My daughter is three years old.
My daughter is to get married in June.
My daughter is trying her best to get up early.
My daughter is tweeting now.
My daughter is very intelligent.
My daughter isn't a child anymore.
My daughter keeps a diary.
My daughter killed herself.
My daughter knows the names of all the different species of dinosaurs.
My daughter knows this person.
My daughter lied to me.
My daughter likes Tom.
My daughter likes Ultraman.
My daughter likes egg yolks.
My daughter likes summer fruits, such as cherries, watermelons and peaches.
My daughter likes to eat egg yolks.
My daughter likes to play with dolls.
My daughter lives in Rio de Janeiro, which is four hundred miles away from Sao Paulo.
My daughter lives with me.
My daughter lost almost all the coins she had collected.
My daughter loves apples.
My daughter loves jumping rope.
My daughter loves music.
My daughter loves to swing.
My daughter loves video games.
My daughter never fails to write to me at least once a week.
My daughter never wears headscarf.
My daughter often comes to see me.
My daughter often comes to visit me.
My daughter often had asthma attacks when she was a child.
My daughter often visits me.
My daughter partakes in various follies.
My daughter passed away a few months ago.
My daughter plays the violin quite well.
My daughter plays the violin very well.
My daughter plays the violin well.
My daughter prefers science to languages or art.
My daughter ruined my towels.
My daughter said it was her best birthday ever, which was really sweet.
My daughter scooched over next to me on the sofa and looked at me with puppy dog eyes.
My daughter sings in the choir.
My daughter sleeps eight hours a day.
My daughter speaks Italian and Portuguese well.
My daughter speaks good Italian and Portuguese.
My daughter studies in that school.
My daughter suffers from osteoporosis.
My daughter talks about you all the time.
My daughter tells me I'm old-fashioned because I don't use a cellphone.
My daughter told me all about you.
My daughter visits me now and then.
My daughter wants a kitten.
My daughter wants a piano.
My daughter wants to teach in high school.
My daughter was always very bossy.
My daughter was born in this hospital.
My daughter was cheated.
My daughter was in a light blue dress.
My daughter was not reasonable when I asked her to spend less money.
My daughter was premature.
My daughter was taken away from me.
My daughter weighed eight pounds at birth.
My daughter went to Australia three years ago.
My daughter went to Britain three years ago.
My daughter went to England three years ago.
My daughter went to school.
My daughter will come of age next year.
My daughter will come of age this year.
My daughter will get married in June.
My daughter will not listen to me.
My daughter won't find it easy to get accustomed to the new school.
My daughter won't listen to me.
My daughter won’t find it easy to get accustomed to the new school.
My daughter would like to eat some candies.
My daughter would never do that.
My daughter's adult teeth are coming in.
My daughter's birthday is in November.
My daughter's driving me crazy.
My daughter's favorite subject at school is art.
My daughter's favourite subject at school is art.
My daughter's getting all gussied up for her first date.
My daughter's husband is French.
My daughter's name is Mary.
My daughter's name is Veronica.
My daughter's permanent teeth are coming in.
My daughter's pet is a rat.
My daughter's slowness to take action is a pain.
My daughter's your age.
My daughter, I may say it to you so that my daughter-in-law should understand it.
My daughter, Kate, won a singing competition and I'm proud of her.
My daughter, Kate, won a singing competition and I’m proud of her.
My daughter, as a child, often suffered from asthma attacks.
My daughter, who was pretending to be a princess, wore my skirt as a dress, dragging it on the ground as she walked towards me.
My daughter, you should study.
My daughter-in-law is coming over tomorrow.
My daughter-in-law is in the bedroom.
My daughter-in-law is in the nail salon.
My daughter-in-law passed away a few months ago.
My daughter-in-law talks about you all the time.
My daughters Hanako and Svetlana are experts in ikebana.
My daughters are both amazing.
My daughters are coloring all over the walls.
My daughters go to school.
My daughters got up at eight today.
My daughters will help you.
My daughter’s slowness to take action is a pain.
My day can't get off to a good start if I don't have my usual fix of some Coca-Cola drink.
My day can't go right if I don't drink my usual bottle of Coca-Cola drink.
My day can't go well if I don't have my Coca-Cola to drink for the day.
My day can't start off right if I don't buy my usual bottle of Coca-Cola drink.
My day can't start right if I don't drink my usual fix of Coca-Cola.
My day can't start right if I don't have my usual fix of Coca-cola.
My day ends at 5 o'clock.
My day ends at 5 o’clock.
My day is arriving.
My day is perfect already.
My day job is just to support myself. My real profession is writing poetry.
My day was awful.
My day was full of surprises.
My days are generally packed with activities.
My days are like a shadow that declines.
My days are usually quite hectic.
My days have gone wandering.
My days seem brighter ever since our paths crossed.
My days should blossom.
My deaf friend has found a good job.
My dear Gregory, you anticipate all my wants.
My dear Mrs. Juno, Gregory is one of those terribly uxorious men who ought to have ten wives.
My dear Rose, if he were the hero you suppose him he would interest himself in these matters, not indeed as important in themselves, but for the purpose of mediating between the ardent spirits who actually do make them the subject of discord.
My dear Watson, you would confer a great favour upon me by coming.
My dear Watson, you would confer a great favour upon me by coming. And I think that your time will not be misspent, for there are points about the case which promise to make it an absolutely unique one.
My dear chap, I'm overjoyed to see you.
My dear child, stay down here, otherwise the mean geese will bite you to death.
My dear child, this is not a star. It is a full moon.
My dear cousin, I have a huge favour to ask.
My dear fellow humans, let's do everything on a grand scale in life.
My dear fellow, pray come in.
My dear friend Emily is full of kindness.
My dear friend!
My dear little cat disappeared a week ago.
My dear little cat has been missing for a week.
My dear little cat went missing a week ago.
My dear mother.
My dear parents, I will get the both of you stuck in one corner, and you will feel my stab wounds get through your skin.
My dear parents, I will get you stuck in a corner and I will bestow several strong blows on you until blood comes out of your lungs.
My dear parents, you will know the very degree of my hate for you when you'll be lying on the floor, all covered in blood and dying in the street in a pool of your own blood.
My dear parents, you will pay a high price for all the evil things you've done to me.
My dear sir, do you know that I am a man of honor?
My dear sister, I write a few lines in haste, to say that I am safe, and well advanced on my voyage.
My dear!
My dear, don't be shy!
My dear, let's not worry about such meaningless things.
My dear, maybe you are hiding something from me!
My dearest wish is to take over the entire world.
My death should be avenged just as I want!
My death will bring you down with me.
My death will forever be on your conscience.
My decided preference is the fourth and the last of these alternatives.
My decision is final.
My decision to attack at this time and place was based on the best information available.
My decision to change careers doesn't concern you. What is it to you?
My decision to have children is personal. What is it to you?
My decision to move doesn't concern you. What is it to you?
My decision to study abroad surprised my parents.
My decision to travel is my own. What is it to you?
My decision was based on a dealer recommendation.
My decision was final.
My decision will be final.
My decisions have sparked countless debates at family dinners.
My dedication and motivation to succeed will compensate for my lack of prior employment.
My deed is my refuge.
My deepest condolences on your loss.
My deepest condolences to the bereaved family.
My default is to just ask them before booking the restaurant.
My delivery was difficult.
My dentist recommend that I chew sugarless gum.
My dentist recommended that I chew sugar-free gum.
My departure is expected at eight o'clock.
My depression trailed away when I saw the lovely and ample young Muslim woman.
My desire for you has turned to contempt.
My desire is to help you with this problem.
My desire to become a doctor grew out of looking after my sickly brother.
My desk back home is very similar to this one.
My desk becomes a portal to new worlds after sunset.
My desk has a secret compartment.
My desk is a mess.
My desk is made of wood.
My desk is next to Tom's.
My desk is old, but his is new.
My desk is old.
My desk was behind Tom's.
My desktop has become cluttered.
My desktop has gotten cluttered.
My desktop is now cluttered.
My desktop was set with a photo of some mountains by default.
My destination is distant.
My determination is unwavering, and I'll persevere through any setbacks or failures.
My diaries cover twenty-five years.
My diary is at home.
My dictionary doesn't contain the word "impossible."
My dictionary doesn't have the word "impossible".
My dictionary doesn’t have the word "Impossible".
My dictionary is at home.
My dictionary is very useful.
My diet includes healthy foods and beverages.
My diet is deficient in protein.
My diet is wide-ranging.
My diet isn't healthy.
My digestive system is highly active.
My dinner just came back up to say hello.
My disagreement with Tom is no secret.
My disappointment is immeasurable, and my day is ruined.
My disease is congenital.
My disease will kill me.
My dish-washing duties are a heavy burden.
My disposable income is as low as it gets.
My disposition is similar to that of my father.
My disputes with Tom have escalated.
My distress stems from your lack of trustworthiness.
My dizziness still hasn't gone away.
My doctor advised me not to do that.
My doctor advised me not to eat between meals.
My doctor advised me not to eat too quickly.
My doctor advised me to exercise more.
My doctor advised me to get more exercise.
My doctor advised me to give up smoking.
My doctor advised me to stop smoking.
My doctor advised me to take a vacation.
My doctor advised me to take some time off.
My doctor has advised me to stop taking this medicine.
My doctor has an excellent bedside manner.
My doctor has been calling.
My doctor is unconcerned.
My doctor is very kind.
My doctor prescribed antibiotics.
My doctor received her medical degree from a prestigious university.
My doctor recommended I always choose sunscreen with a sun protection factor of fifty.
My doctor recommended I eat more vegetables.
My doctor recommended I eat only steam-cooked meals.
My doctor recommended that I eat more vegetables.
My doctor said if I wanted to lose weight, I needed to start smoking.
My doctor said that I should stop eating between meals.
My doctor said that this sore throat is a streptococcal infection.
My doctor says I don't drink enough water.
My doctor says I must swim at least once a day every day without fail, no exceptions, no excuses.
My doctor says that any exercise is better than no exercise.
My doctor says the hives are probably caused by the dish soap I'm using.
My doctor suggested that I see a specialist in Boston.
My doctor suggested that I seek counselling.
My doctor tested my sperm to see if I could have children.
My doctor thinks it's cancerous but told me to feel free to get a second opinion.
My doctor thinks it’s cancerous but told me to feel free to get a second opinion.
My doctor told me I should drink more water.
My doctor told me I should eat more.
My doctor told me I shouldn't drive anymore.
My doctor told me I wasn't drinking enough water.
My doctor told me not to drink so much coffee.
My doctor told me not to drink too much.
My doctor told me not to eat between meals.
My doctor told me not to snack between meals.
My doctor told me that I don't drink enough water.
My doctor told me that I had contracted a sexually transmitted infection.
My doctor told me that I need to travel more.
My doctor told me that I needed to lose some weight.
My doctor told me that I should drink more water.
My doctor told me that I should eat more.
My doctor told me that I should swim at least three times a week.
My doctor told me that I shouldn't drive anymore.
My doctor told me that I wasn't drinking enough water.
My doctor told me that drinking a little wine every day would be good for me.
My doctor told me to cut down on salt.
My doctor told me to cut down on sugar.
My doctor told me to drink more water.
My doctor told me to eat healthier food.
My doctor told me to give up smoking.
My doctor told me to lay off the liquor so I have this uneasy impatient feeling.
My doctor told me to pee in a cup, but I got confused and peed in his ashtray.
My doctor told me to put the eyedrops in my eyes three times a day.
My doctor told me to quit smoking.
My doctor told me to quit taking aspirin.
My doctor told me to stay at home for a week.
My doctor told me to stay in bed.
My dog Cookie is a vegan.
My dog Cookie understands French and English commands.
My dog Wolfgang always sleeps beside me on the bench while I'm working at the computer.
My dog always barks at the mailman.
My dog always bites me when I pet him. What is wrong with him?
My dog always chases people on a bike – until I take the bike away from him.
My dog and I sleep in the same room.
My dog and cat live in harmony with each other.
My dog and my cat get along fine.
My dog ate a paper towel. I wonder if he'll get sick.
My dog ate a paper towel. I wonder if he’ll get sick.
My dog ate it.
My dog ate my homework.
My dog ate my waffle.
My dog attacked Tom.
My dog barks a lot.
My dog barks all the time.
My dog barks at every stranger that walks by.
My dog barks at strangers.
My dog barks if someone comes to the door.
My dog barks when strangers arrive.
My dog bit Tom's leg.
My dog bit Tom.
My dog bit her.
My dog bit him.
My dog bit them.
My dog came running after me.
My dog can swim pretty well.
My dog can swim quite well.
My dog can understand Esperanto but can't speak it.
My dog can understand Esperanto but cannot speak it.
My dog caught the frisbee and brought it back to me.
My dog chased a lizard and snapped its tail off.
My dog continues assiduously to keep me company.
My dog cowers under the table whenever he hears thunder.
My dog didn't do that.
My dog died last night.
My dog died last week.
My dog died last winter.
My dog died yesterday, so I'm quite doleful.
My dog died yesterday.
My dog died.
My dog doesn't bite.
My dog doesn't get along well with other dogs.
My dog doesn't get along with other dogs.
My dog doesn't like dry dog food.
My dog doesn't like strangers.
My dog doesn't really bark. He sort of just whines.
My dog eats better meat than I do.
My dog eats better meat than me.
My dog eats expensive food.
My dog eats grapes.
My dog eats just about anything.
My dog followed me to school yesterday.
My dog followed me to school.
My dog follows me every time I move.
My dog follows me whenever I go.
My dog follows me whenever I leave the room.
My dog follows me wherever I go.
My dog goes crazy when she hears the bag of dog food crinkle.
My dog goes everywhere with me.
My dog goes meow.
My dog goes to its house.
My dog got scared of your cat.
My dog had an operation.
My dog had surgery.
My dog has a long tail.
My dog has a very long tail.
My dog has a wonderful life.
My dog has bad fleas. He's always barking at anyone passing in front of him.
My dog has been missing for three days.
My dog has cancer.
My dog has fleas.
My dog has got a Danish passport.
My dog has large paws.
My dog has learned some new tricks.
My dog has probably run off again.
My dog has run away.
My dog has stayed my only friend.
My dog has the bad habit of peeing on the chairs.
My dog has the most soulful look in his eyes when he begs for food.
My dog hates fireworks.
My dog howled all night.
My dog is a Greek Shepherd.
My dog is a babe magnet.
My dog is a carp.
My dog is a cross between a German Shepherd and a Rottweiler.
My dog is a few months old.
My dog is a golden retriever.
My dog is a good companion.
My dog is a poodle.
My dog is a pretty good swimmer.
My dog is afraid of thunder.
My dog is afraid of water.
My dog is almost half the size of yours.
My dog is also watching TV.
My dog is always barking.
My dog is always behind me when I walk on the road.
My dog is always ready to take a walk.
My dog is an Alaskan malamute, not a husky.
My dog is barking.
My dog is big.
My dog is bigger than yours is.
My dog is bigger than yours.
My dog is blind, but he loves to go out for a walk.
My dog is clean.
My dog is cleverer than I am.
My dog is crippled.
My dog is cute.
My dog is dead scared of needles.
My dog is deaf.
My dog is doing great.
My dog is dreaming of a cat.
My dog is eating the grapes.
My dog is fast.
My dog is going into his doghouse.
My dog is going into his house.
My dog is green and talks about philosophy all the time.
My dog is happy.
My dog is home alone.
My dog is in the backyard.
My dog is looking at me.
My dog is mad.
My dog is missing.
My dog is my constant companion.
My dog is my family.
My dog is named Julie. She first arrived at our home as a little puppy.
My dog is never allowed in the house.
My dog is not so big.
My dog is obedient.
My dog is on heat.
My dog is playing with Tom's dog.
My dog is pregnant.
My dog is pretty smart.
My dog is really smart.
My dog is scared of the booming of New Year's Eve's fireworks and the poor thing has been hiding under the sofa for several hours already.
My dog is scared of the thunder.
My dog is scared to death of needles.
My dog is shedding its coat.
My dog is sick.
My dog is sitting next to me watching TV.
My dog is sitting next to me watching telly.
My dog is sitting with me watching television.
My dog is sleeping now.
My dog is sleeping under the bench over there.
My dog is smaller than yours is.
My dog is smart.
My dog is swimming in the pool.
My dog is that one over there.
My dog is the bigger of the two.
My dog is the unofficial mayor of the neighborhood because she loves to greet everyone.
My dog is very clean.
My dog is very faithful.
My dog is very intelligent.
My dog is very old.
My dog is very protective.
My dog is very smart.
My dog is wagging her tail.
My dog is wagging his tail.
My dog is waiting for me when I arrive home from the school.
My dog is white.
My dog isn't feeling well.
My dog isn't here.
My dog isn't housebroken yet.
My dog isn't so big.
My dog isn't that big.
My dog isn't yet housebroken.
My dog joined the army.
My dog jumped on me, barking, sniffing me.
My dog jumped up to greet me.
My dog keeps trying to beg for carrots, but when he gets them he always spits them out.
My dog killed one of Tom's cats.
My dog knows Tom.
My dog knows every tree.
My dog lapped the water thirstily.
My dog licked my whole face.
My dog lies on my bed in the evening.
My dog likes burrowing under blankets.
My dog likes cats.
My dog likes chasing squirrels.
My dog likes it when you scratch him behind his ears.
My dog likes to bark at people.
My dog likes to do flips when he leaps onto the couch.
My dog likes to gnaw on bones.
My dog likes to pee on street lamps.
My dog likes to romp in the snow.
My dog likes you.
My dog loses a lot of fur.
My dog loves playing fetch.
My dog loves the backyard.
My dog loves to pee on car tires.
My dog loves to take rides on my golf cart.
My dog makes eye contact when he poops.
My dog meows.
My dog misses playing with other people.
My dog needs a walk.
My dog needs surgery.
My dog needs to be put to sleep.
My dog often lies on the grass.
My dog often pretends to be asleep.
My dog only has three legs.
My dog ran away.
My dog ran away. Can you help me find him?
My dog really likes oranges.
My dog refused to go for a walk this morning.
My dog returns to its kennel.
My dog sits next to me and watches television.
My dog sleeps in my son's room.
My dog sleeps in the same room I do.
My dog sleeps in the same room that I do.
My dog sleeps next to my bed.
My dog sleeps on the floor next to my bed.
My dog sleeps under my bed.
My dog slept in the bed with me.
My dog sometimes eats grass.
My dog speaks English.
My dog started barking when the doorbell rang.
My dog started barking.
My dog stepped on a bee.
My dog still bites people.
My dog stopped eating dog food for some reason.
My dog suddenly became aggressive.
My dog swims quite well.
My dog tore my shirt to shreds.
My dog tore my shirts to shreds.
My dog travels with me.
My dog tried to bite Tom.
My dog tucked his tail between his legs and whined.
My dog understands Esperanto but can't speak it.
My dog understands Esperanto, he just can't speak it.
My dog understands French, but he doesn't speak it.
My dog usually sleeps in the basement in the summer.
My dog usually sleeps on the floor.
My dog usually stays outside during the day.
My dog wanted in.
My dog wants to play.
My dog was barking and showing its fangs.
My dog was hit by a car.
My dog was licking my face.
My dog was licking my feet.
My dog was more than just a pet to me.
My dog was run over by a car.
My dog was run over by a truck.
My dog was run over by a truck. He was not killed, but his foot was badly injured.
My dog was sound asleep.
My dog was taken care of by Lucy.
My dog was very ill.
My dog went back into his doghouse.
My dog won't bite you, unless you ask for it.
My dog won't bite you.
My dog won't give you any trouble.
My dog won't stop snoring.
My dog ​​is really clever.
My dog's breath stinks.
My dog's brown.
My dog's going back to his kennel.
My dog's legs started to give.
My dog's name is Belysh. This summer I taught him to put out his paw. Every morning I wake up early and feed him. Then we go for a walk. He defends me from other dogs. When I go bike riding, he runs beside me. He has a friend, her name is Chernyshka. He likes playing with her. Belysh is a very kind and clever dog.
My dog's name is Boby.
My dog's name is Cookie.
My dog's name is Tom.
My dog's name was Cookie.
My dog's skin is spotted.
My dog, Mahihkan, doesn't like to sink into the couch.
My dogs are hungry.
My dogs are mischievous.
My dogs are naughty.
My dogs are white.
My dogs killed one of Tom's cats.
My dogs spend their day playing and running in the yard.
My dog​ is the one over there.
My donkey died.
My donkey doesn't bray in my house.
My donkey has run away.
My donkey is faster than your car.
My door is always open for you, Tom. Come to me if you have any problems.
My door is always open to you.
My door is always open.
My door is always open. Feel free to visit when you want.
My door is open to you anytime.
My door is open.
My door was closed.
My door was open, so Tom just walked in without knocking.
My door will always be open to you.
My door won't lock.
My door's always open for him.
My door's always open.
My door's stuck.
My dorm room was very small.
My dormmate liked smoking pot.
My doubts have been cleared up.
My down jacket keeps me quite warm.
My down jacket kept me warm.
My dream became reality.
My dream becomes reality.
My dream boy is standing very close to me and I'm not even well-aware of it.
My dream boy is very close to me.
My dream came true.
My dream comes true.
My dream did not come true.
My dream has a name and it's Sami.
My dream has come true at last by working hard.
My dream has come true.
My dream house has two bedrooms.
My dream is soon realized.
My dream is still just a dream.
My dream is that I will live peacefully in a village.
My dream is to be a baseball player.
My dream is to be a doctor.
My dream is to be a firefighter.
My dream is to be able to know the United States one day.
My dream is to be able to speak Berber.
My dream is to be fluent in Berber.
My dream is to be fluent in Chinese.
My dream is to be fluent in French.
My dream is to be the First Lady.
My dream is to become a baseball player.
My dream is to become a famous DJ.
My dream is to become a famous singer.
My dream is to become a film director.
My dream is to become a firefighter.
My dream is to become a guitarist.
My dream is to become a mathematician.
My dream is to become a millionaire.
My dream is to become a musician.
My dream is to become a novelist.
My dream is to become a philosopher.
My dream is to become a physicist.
My dream is to become a pianist.
My dream is to become a pilot.
My dream is to become a professor.
My dream is to become a space-archaeologist and to explore extinct planets.
My dream is to become a teacher.
My dream is to become a very strong mahjong player.
My dream is to become an actor.
My dream is to become an architect.
My dream is to become an artist.
My dream is to become an astronomer.
My dream is to become fluent in French.
My dream is to buy a Lamborghini tractor.
My dream is to cross the Silk Road on a camel.
My dream is to fly.
My dream is to go to Australia someday.
My dream is to go to Australia.
My dream is to go to Japan someday.
My dream is to go to Japan.
My dream is to go to Mexico.
My dream is to know Rome, in Italy.
My dream is to know the United States one day.
My dream is to lead a quiet life in the country.
My dream is to learn Esperanto.
My dream is to learn Galician.
My dream is to learn to play the keyboard.
My dream is to live a quiet life in the country.
My dream is to live peacefully in a village.
My dream is to live peacefully in the village.
My dream is to live quietly in a village.
My dream is to make it as an actor in Hollywood.
My dream is to smile like a star.
My dream is to speak Berber fluently.
My dream is to speak Chinese fluently.
My dream is to study Aeolic Greek on Lesbos.
My dream is to study Afrikaans in Cape Town.
My dream is to study Albanian in Tirana.
My dream is to study Ancient Greek in Athens.
My dream is to study Arabic in Dubai.
My dream is to study Argentinian Spanish in Berlin.
My dream is to study Armenian in Yerevan.
My dream is to study Australian English in Vienna.
My dream is to study Austrian German in Sydney.
My dream is to study Azeri in Baku.
My dream is to study Balochi in Quetta.
My dream is to study Bangla in Dhaka.
My dream is to study Bangla in Kolkata.
My dream is to study Basque in Bilbao.
My dream is to study Bengali in Dhaka.
My dream is to study Bengali in Kolkata.
My dream is to study Berber in Algeria.
My dream is to study Berber in Libya.
My dream is to study Berber in Morocco.
My dream is to study Berber in Tunisia.
My dream is to study Biochemistry at the University of Oxford.
My dream is to study Biology at the University of Oxford.
My dream is to study Bisaya in Cebu.
My dream is to study British English in New York.
My dream is to study Burmese in Yangon.
My dream is to study Cantonese in Canton.
My dream is to study Cantonese in Guangzhou.
My dream is to study Cantonese in Hong Kong.
My dream is to study Catalan in Formentera.
My dream is to study Chechen in Grozny.
My dream is to study Cherkess in Cherkessk.
My dream is to study Chinese in Beijing.
My dream is to study Chukchi in Anadyr.
My dream is to study Classics and Modern Languages at the University of Oxford.
My dream is to study Computer Science at the University of Cambridge.
My dream is to study Computer Science at the University of Oxford.
My dream is to study Crimean Tatar in Feodosia.
My dream is to study Danish in Copenhagen.
My dream is to study Dargwa in Makhachkala.
My dream is to study Dari in Kabul.
My dream is to study Dutch in Amsterdam.
My dream is to study English in British Columbia.
My dream is to study English in London.
My dream is to study English in New York.
My dream is to study English in Vancouver.
My dream is to study Esperanto on the internet.
My dream is to study Estonian in Tallinn.
My dream is to study European and Middle Eastern Languages at the University of Oxford.
My dream is to study Farsi in Jahrom.
My dream is to study Finnish in Helsinki.
My dream is to study French in Geneva.
My dream is to study French in Montreal.
My dream is to study French in Paris.
My dream is to study Georgian in Tbilisi.
My dream is to study German in Berlin.
My dream is to study Guarani in Asunción.
My dream is to study Hindi in Delhi.
My dream is to study Hungarian in Budapest.
My dream is to study Hungarian in Szeged.
My dream is to study Icelandic in Reykjavík.
My dream is to study Italian in Rome.
My dream is to study Japanese in Tokyo.
My dream is to study Judeo-German in Vilnius.
My dream is to study Kannada in Bangalore.
My dream is to study Kannada in Bengaluru.
My dream is to study Kannada in Mysore.
My dream is to study Kannada in Mysuru.
My dream is to study Kazakh in Almaty.
My dream is to study Khmer in Phnom Penh.
My dream is to study Klingon on Kronos.
My dream is to study Klingon on Qo'noS.
My dream is to study Korean in Pyongyang.
My dream is to study Korean in Seoul.
My dream is to study Kurdish in Amed.
My dream is to study Ladino in Istanbul.
My dream is to study Ladino in Jerusalem.
My dream is to study Latvian in Riga.
My dream is to study Lithuanian in Vilnius.
My dream is to study Malayalam in Thiruvananthapuram.
My dream is to study Maltese in Valletta.
My dream is to study Mandarin Chinese in Beijing.
My dream is to study Mandarin in Beijing.
My dream is to study Marathi in Mumbai.
My dream is to study Modern Greek in Athens.
My dream is to study Moldovan in Moldova.
My dream is to study Nagamese creole in Nagaland.
My dream is to study Norwegian in Oslo.
My dream is to study Pashto in Karachi.
My dream is to study Polish in Warsaw.
My dream is to study Portuguese in Brasília.
My dream is to study Portuguese in Lisbon.
My dream is to study Qirgiz in Bishkek.
My dream is to study Romanian in Bucharest.
My dream is to study Russian in Bishkek.
My dream is to study Russian in Moscow.
My dream is to study Russian in Tashkent.
My dream is to study Saami languages in Sweden.
My dream is to study Serbian in Belgrade.
My dream is to study Shanghainese in Shanghai.
My dream is to study Sindarin in Lothlórien.
My dream is to study Sindarin in Rivendell.
My dream is to study Sindhi in Karachi.
My dream is to study Sinhala in Colombo.
My dream is to study Sinhala in Kotte.
My dream is to study Slovak in Bratislava.
My dream is to study Slovene in Ljubljana.
My dream is to study Spanish in Madrid.
My dream is to study Swedish in Stockholm.
My dream is to study Tagalog in Manila.
My dream is to study Taiwanese Hokkien in Taipei.
My dream is to study Taiwanese Mandarin in Taipei.
My dream is to study Taiwanese in Taipei.
My dream is to study Tajiki in Dushanbe.
My dream is to study Tamil in Chennai.
My dream is to study Tatar in Kazan.
My dream is to study Telugu in Hyderabad.
My dream is to study Thai in Bangkok.
My dream is to study Tibetan in Lhasa.
My dream is to study Turkish in Istanbul.
My dream is to study Turkmen in Ashgabat.
My dream is to study Ukrainian in Kyiv.
My dream is to study Uyghur in Ürümqi.
My dream is to study Uzbek in Samarqand.
My dream is to study Vietnamese in Hanoi.
My dream is to study Yakut in Yakutsk.
My dream is to study Yiddish in Kraków.
My dream is to study Yiddish in Montreal.
My dream is to study Yiddish in New York.
My dream is to study Yiddish in Vilnius.
My dream is to study abroad.
My dream is to study architecture at the University of Cambridge.
My dream is to study at Harvard University.
My dream is to study chemistry.
My dream is to study computer science at Cambridge University.
My dream is to study computer science.
My dream is to study geology at the University of Oxford.
My dream is to study history at the University of Oxford.
My dream is to study mathematics in the United Kingdom.
My dream is to study mathematics in the United States.
My dream is to study mathematics.
My dream is to study medicine in the United Kingdom.
My dream is to study medicine in the United States.
My dream is to study music at the University of Oxford.
My dream is to study painting in Paris.
My dream is to study philosophy.
My dream is to study physics in the United Kingdom.
My dream is to study physics in the United States.
My dream is to study physics.
My dream is to take a round-the-world trip.
My dream is to travel all over the world.
My dream is to travel in a space shuttle.
My dream is to travel the world.
My dream is to travel to Alaska someday.
My dream is to visit Agafia Lykova.
My dream is to visit Algeria and Egypt.
My dream is to visit Algeria and Morocco.
My dream is to visit Algeria.
My dream is to visit France and Germany.
My dream is to work as an architect in Japan.
My dream is too far out of reach.
My dream man is constantly hiding from the crowd and I can't know where he hides.
My dream man is endlessly playing hide-and-seek with me.
My dream was so cool! There were lasers, and there were robots, and there was fire, and—why aren’t you listening?
My dream was to live, after retiring, in a tiny little house by the sea.
My dream was to translate that novel.
My dream went up in smoke.
My dream, made entirely of breeze, is now ending in a gale.
My dreams are filled with passionate moments, where I make love to you tenderly.
My dreams are intense.
My dreams are reflected in her little black eyes.
My dreams don't make sense.
My dreams have come true.
My dreams just get larger!
My dreams lead me elsewhere, away from him.
My dreams matter more than my doubts.
My dreams remained dreams.
My dress doesn't fit anymore!
My dress is ruined!
My dress is ruined.
My dress was ruined when it came back from the cleaner's.
My dress was ruined when it came back from the cleaner’s.
My dressing gown is lovely and fluffy.
My dressing gown is wonderfully fluffy.
My dried out clothes are getting wet because it is suddenly raining.
My drink didn't fit in the cupholder.
My drink needs refreshing.
My driver's license expires at the end of this month.
My driver's license expires on my birthday next year.
My driver's license is in my other wallet.
My driver's license is valid for another three years.
My driver's license is valid for three more years.
My driver's license will expire next week.
My driver’s license will expire next week.
My driving instructor says I should be more patient.
My driving instructor says that I need to be more patient.
My driving licence expires at the end of this month.
My driving licence expires next week.
My driving licence is valid for another three years.
My driving licence runs out next week.
My drugstore only has iodine and bandages.
My duty has consumed me.
My duty is always before me.
My duty is to my family.
My duty is to protect everyone here.
My duvet is unbelievably cosy.
My e-mail address has been changed as follows.
My e-mail address has been changed.
My e-mail address is abcde@example.com.
My e-mail address will be as follows effective April 1.
My e-mail address will be changed effective Aug. 1 as follows.
My ear is burning.
My ear is cold and painful.
My ear is hurting.
My ear is itching.
My ear is not a toilet!
My ear is ringing.
My ear was amputated.
My ear was bleeding this morning.
My eardrums burst because of the gunshot.
My earliest thoughts were about phonetics.
My earrings have tassels hanging from them.
My ears are always ringing.
My ears are bleeding!
My ears are burning.
My ears are clogged.
My ears are cold.
My ears are freezing.
My ears are frostbitten.
My ears are frozen.
My ears are going to freeze if I don't go in.
My ears are going to freeze if I don’t go in.
My ears are ringing.
My ears are sore!
My ears are still ringing.
My ears aren't pierced.
My ears burn.
My ears couldn't stop ringing.
My ears didn't stop ringing.
My ears feel like they're stuffed up.
My ears feel like they’re stuffed up.
My ears feel plugged up.
My ears feel stuffy.
My ears hurt.
My ears pricked up when I heard this.
My ears sometimes ring.
My ears were pounding.
My ears were ringing from being beaten.
My earwax got very hard.
My education has helped me get where I am right now.
My education has made me what I am.
My eel is full of hovercrafts.
My efforts had left me weak.
My efforts have been futile thus far.
My efforts have brought me good luck.
My efforts paid off.
My efforts produced no results.
My efforts seemed ineffectual.
My efforts to make more money had mixed results.
My efforts were in vain.
My efforts were not in vain.
My efforts were rewarded.
My ego was hurt.
My elbow hurts whenever I do this.
My elbow hurts.
My elbow really hurts. I guess I should go to a hospital.
My elbow still hurts.
My elbows are black.
My elder brother doesn't do sports.
My elder brother finished his homework very quickly.
My elder brother got a position in a big business.
My elder brother is able to drive.
My elder brother is an authority on philosophy.
My elder brother is really tall, about 1.8m.
My elder brother plays the guitar very well.
My elder brother worked as a waiter for a year when he was in college.
My elder daughter Magdalena is like an angel.
My elder daughter is Magdalena ZarÄ™bÃ³wna.
My elder daughter is Magdalena Zarębówna.
My elder sister is afraid of all doctors.
My elder sister is good at playing the guitar.
My elder sister was a delinquent in junior high school.
My elder son is Lech ZarÄ™ba.
My elder son is Lech Zaręba.
My elderly cat Cookie is acting strange.
My elderly uncle and aunt are both rather straitlaced.
My eldest brother had the best Berber out of all of us, so he could communicate with pretty much anyone in the area.
My eldest son is studying right now.
My eldest son's name is Tom.
My electric bicycle can be folded up.
My electric bicycle is foldable.
My electric bike can be folded up.
My electric bike is foldable.
My electric car has a froot.
My electric razor is on fire.
My electricity bill is expensive.
My eleventh place was better than the thirteenth he won.
My email address has changed.
My email address is hans@karlolo.net.
My email address will change from the 1st of August, as you can see.
My email has changed.
My email is hans@karlolo.net.
My emergency contact is Tom.
My emotional well-being comes first.
My emotions are for me alone.
My emotions are in turmoil.
My emotions are overwhelming.
My emotions clouded my judgment.
My emotions swing wildly, leaving me exhausted.
My employees are waiting for me.
My employer has lumbered me with a difficult job.
My employer is very rich.
My employer reimburses me for expenses like parking and mileage.
My employment is not steady, only seasonal work.
My endeavors were unsuccessful.
My ends are broken.
My enemies are conspiring against me.
My enemies fear me, and my friends love me.
My enemies for life have all dangerously come near to death.
My enemy's enemy is my friend.
My energy is running on empty.
My energy levels are quite low.
My engine is gonna go off soon.
My engine is out.
My enthusiasm and dedication are at an all time high.
My enthusiasm for contemporary music is limited.
My entire career, I’ve only had one client: the people.
My entire future's stuffed in an envelope.
My entire life is a chaos.
My entire mouth is numb.
My entire school attends the game.
My erstwhile colleague kept me up-to-date with the company gossip.
My essay is terrible.
My essay isn't very good.
My essay wasn't very good.
My esteem has fallen.
My esteem has risen.
My estimate of the cost of the damage was off by more than two million dollars.
My ethics professor's lessons are as exciting as watching paint dry.
My ex cheated on me.
My ex girlfriend's ex just called me out of the blue.
My ex has been calling.
My ex husband is always harassing us.
My ex is a very spiteful person.
My ex wants to ruin my new relationship.
My ex wife wants to get me back.
My ex works by FedEx.
My ex's new girlfriend looks like jailbait.
My ex-boyfriend is obsessed with me.
My ex-boyfriend just called me out of the blue.
My ex-boyfriend passed away a few months ago.
My ex-boyfriend showed up at my door with a bouquet of flowers.
My ex-boyfriend turned out to be a white supremacist.
My ex-boyfriend was brought up in Portugal.
My ex-boyfriend's ex just called me out of the blue.
My ex-girlfriend is dating Tom now.
My ex-girlfriend passed away a few months ago.
My ex-girlfriend taught me Berber.
My ex-husband and I are still good friends.
My ex-husband has $4 million in cash.
My ex-husband has been calling.
My ex-husband no longer lives in this city.
My ex-husband passed away a few months ago.
My ex-husband wants to get me back.
My ex-husband wants to ruin my new relationship.
My ex-metamour was watching that yesterday.
My ex-sister-in-law lives in Australia.
My ex-wife and I are still good friends.
My ex-wife and I stayed in touch.
My ex-wife had taken everything with her.
My ex-wife has been calling.
My ex-wife passed away a few months ago.
My ex-wife started a new life with the tubby postman.
My ex-wife wants to ruin my new relationship.
My executive assistant, Mary, will get the answer.
My exhaustion caught up with me.
My existence has been marked by loneliness for the most part.
My existence is not up for debate.
My existence is worthless and meaningless.
My existence would be meaningless without you.
My existence wouldn't have meaning without you.
My expectations were too high.
My experience in Kabylie was overwhelmingly positive.
My experience of the world would be much shallower without the ability to communicate in lots of languages.
My experience shows that Esperanto lets you find a new insight into many cultures formerly unknown to you, inspiring you to learn them further.
My experience tells me that is not a good idea.
My experience tells me that isn't a good idea.
My experience tells me that that isn't a good idea.
My experience was completely different from yours.
My experience with diachronic ("through time") telepathy makes me believe that time may not be linear. One theorizes that psychonic or tachyonic particles or waves are faster than light, so that they can travel back in time. (Men like to explain away things, even if they do not understand fully. Women think that they need not understand how something works.)
My experiences have allowed me to mature.
My experiences have cultivated empathy in me.
My experiences have shaped my perspective.
My experiences have taught me that the only rule in life is "every man for himself."
My experiences in the romance field have all been disastrous.
My expertise at the Space Academy was astrobiology, aka exobiology.
My explanation may be absolutely wrong. I still think it is the most plausible one.
My explanation may sound strange.
My explanation was not sufficient.
My explanation wasn't good enough. I'm sorry about that.
My exterior beauty attracts all eyes on me.
My eye has gotten red from rubbing it so much.
My eye has swollen up.
My eye hurts.
My eye is bleeding.
My eye is fine now.
My eye is infected.
My eyeballs are quite red and itchy.
My eyebrow piercing rejected.
My eyelid feels hot.
My eyelids are heavy.
My eyes adjusted to the darkness.
My eyes and head hurt from crying too much.
My eyes and head hurt from crying.
My eyes are an ocean in which my dreams are reflected.
My eyes are bleeding.
My eyes are bloodshot.
My eyes are blue.
My eyes are both tired.
My eyes are brimming with tears.
My eyes are burning.
My eyes are closed.
My eyes are closed. I can't see a thing.
My eyes are closed. I can't see anything.
My eyes are closed; I can't see a thing.
My eyes are closed; I can't see anything.
My eyes are closing.
My eyes are dazzled by the sun.
My eyes are filled with ocular discharge.
My eyes are filled with tears when I think about our beloved elderly, who dedicated their whole lives to their children, and now find themselves alone and sorrowful in an empty nest.
My eyes are full of eye gunk.
My eyes are getting tired.
My eyes are green.
My eyes are itching because of conjunctivitis.
My eyes are itchy.
My eyes are just running wild.
My eyes are red and watery.
My eyes are red.
My eyes are sick.
My eyes are sore.
My eyes are starting at hers.
My eyes are starting to hurt.
My eyes are tired.
My eyes are tricking me.
My eyes are very sensitive to light.
My eyes are very sensitive to the light.
My eyes are watering.
My eyes are watery.
My eyes aren't as good as they used to be.
My eyes aren't blue.
My eyes aren't brown.
My eyes aren't gray.
My eyes aren't green.
My eyes aren't grey.
My eyes aren't very good.
My eyes betrayed me.
My eyes don't work very well anymore.
My eyes feel dry.
My eyes feel gritty.
My eyes feel irritated.
My eyes feel itchy.
My eyes feel spicy.
My eyes fell immediately upon his boner.
My eyes fill with tears and I cry.
My eyes filled with tears.
My eyes get tired very easily.
My eyes get watery when I chop onions.
My eyes gradually adjusted to the darkness.
My eyes gradually started adjusting to the dark.
My eyes have a problem.
My eyes have become less appreciative of colors.
My eyes haven't yet adjusted to the darkness.
My eyes haven’t yet adjusted to the darkness.
My eyes hurt!
My eyes hurt.
My eyes itch.
My eyes just get worse by the year. My left eye is already in the -8.5 dpt category.
My eyes keep burning.
My eyes met Tom's.
My eyes must be tricking me.
My eyes narrowed into slits in the strong sunlight.
My eyes no longer see very well.
My eyes popped out when I looked at my phone bill this month.
My eyes smart.
My eyes stayed open all night long.
My eyes water when I cut onions.
My eyes watered.
My eyes were bigger than my stomach.
My eyes were closed but I didn't sleep.
My eyes were closed.
My eyes were dilated.
My eyes were filled with tears.
My eyes were full of tears and I could barely see him.
My eyes were intent on the scene.
My eyes were shut.
My eyes were tired.
My eyes weren't keen enough to distinguish whether the black spot on the ceiling was a spider or a fly.
My eyes weren't sharp enough to tell whether the black spot on the ceiling was a spider or a fly.
My eyes widened at the sight of my younger self.
My eyes widened in shock.
My eyes widened.
My eyes, my eyes!
My eyesight has deteriorated over the last few years.
My eyesight is beginning to fail.
My eyesight is deteriorating.
My eyesight is getting worse.
My eyesight is not as good as yours.
My eyesight is not good.
My eyesight is not so good as yours.
My eyesight is really bad.
My eyesight isn't as good as it used to be.
My eyesight isn't as good as yours.
My eyesight isn't so good as yours.
My eyesight isn't very good.
My eyesight must be going.
My eyesight's not as good as yours.
My eyesight's not so good as yours.
My face is freezing.
My face is itchy. All this dust.
My face is pretty.
My face is the prettiest face around, isn't it?
My face is very swollen after that drug addict hit me this morning.
My face naturally attracts drama.
My face twitches.
My face was dirty.
My failure did not weaken my self-confidence.
My faith helped me get through some difficult times.
My faith in Tom has never wavered.
My faith in humanity remains strong.
My faith in something spiritually superior is unshakable.
My faith in the new generation has been restored.
My faith in the next generation is increasing.
My faith in this country was never shaken.
My faith in you has never wavered.
My faith is strong.
My familiar is a unicorn.
My familiarity with Esperanto allowed me to more deeply understand the structure and function of language.
My family always comes before my work.
My family always comes first for me.
My family always keep early hours.
My family always makes me proud.
My family and I are going for a fun filled day at the beach. It will include swimming, gathering shells, and building sandcastles.
My family and I live in Australia.
My family and I live in Boston.
My family and I live in the woods of Yakouren, Tizi-Ouzou.
My family and I moved to Australia last month.
My family and I moved to Boston last month.
My family are all athletic.
My family are all early risers.
My family are all in good health.
My family are all very well.
My family are all well.
My family begins where yours ends.
My family believes in my talent and supports me.
My family belongs to the neighborhood association.
My family came to Australia when I was three years old.
My family came to Australia when I was three.
My family came to live in Tokyo in my great-grandfather's time.
My family came to live in Tokyo in my great-grandfather’s time.
My family comes before my career.
My family comes from Kabylie.
My family comes here from time to time.
My family consists of five people.
My family consists of my father, mother, and sister.
My family didn't have much money.
My family doctor does his work with great precision.
My family doctor is meticulous in his work.
My family doesn't want to do anything with their lives. They're only passionate about being lazy bums.
My family dog is large.
My family duties comes before everything else in my daily life.
My family eat like locusts and can clear a fridge in half an hour.
My family enjoyed the picnic.
My family goes skiing every winter.
My family goes to Australia every year.
My family goes to Italy every year.
My family had already eaten dinner by the time I got home.
My family had many debts.
My family has a history of cardiac arrhythmia.
My family has a huge field in Kabylie, Algeria.
My family has a summer house in the mountains.
My family has a unique history that isn’t common knowledge.
My family has always had dogs.
My family has been living in this area for more than a century.
My family has cabin near a lake.
My family has house in the mountains.
My family has lived here for thirty years.
My family has lived here for three years.
My family has lived here for twenty years.
My family has lived in Algiers for four generations.
My family has my father, my mother, and my little sister.
My family has never helped me out financially.
My family has suffered, too.
My family have lived here for twenty years.
My family is Kabyle.
My family is Muslim.
My family is a large one.
My family is actually from Algeria.
My family is all I have.
My family is all gone.
My family is also your family.
My family is always there for me.
My family is an old one.
My family is at the beach.
My family is big and happy.
My family is big.
My family is devastated.
My family is far away.
My family is fine, thanks.
My family is from Algeria.
My family is from Australia.
My family is from Boston, but I've lived in Chicago my whole life.
My family is from England.
My family is from Kabylie originally.
My family is from Kabylie, Algeria.
My family is from Kabylie.
My family is from Malaysia.
My family is full of musicians, and a couple of times a year we get together and jam at my cousin's studio. We improvise and have a great time.
My family is getting ready.
My family is here with me.
My family is in Algeria.
My family is in Australia.
My family is in Boston.
My family is in Kabylie.
My family is in shock.
My family is kind of conservative.
My family is large.
My family is living in Australia.
My family is living in Boston now.
My family is living in Boston.
My family is more important to me than anything else.
My family is more important to me than my job.
My family is my life.
My family is my sister, father and mother.
My family is not all that large.
My family is not rich.
My family is not that large.
My family is not very large.
My family is now in Australia.
My family is now in Boston.
My family is poor.
My family is rich.
My family is safe.
My family is small.
My family is still working, so I can't go to Texas right away.
My family is still working, so they can't go to Texas right away.
My family is the most important thing in the world to me.
My family is under the control of my mother.
My family is very big. Over eighty people came to my father's birthday.
My family is very important to me.
My family is very large.
My family is very proud of me.
My family is very religious.
My family is very traditional.
My family is wealthy.
My family is with me.
My family isn't all that large.
My family isn't home right now.
My family isn't rich.
My family isn't such a big family.
My family isn't that big.
My family isn't that large.
My family isn't very big.
My family isn't very large.
My family isn’t such a big family.
My family just moved here from Australia.
My family just moved here from Boston.
My family liked it in Australia.
My family liked it in Boston.
My family liked the dog very much.
My family likes Jell-O.
My family likes dessert.
My family live in that house.
My family lived here for twenty years.
My family lives here.
My family lives in Australia.
My family lives in Boston.
My family lives in Kabylie.
My family lives in Rome.
My family lives in a small house.
My family lives in a small village.
My family lives in the city.
My family lost everything.
My family loved Tom.
My family loved her.
My family loved him.
My family loved them.
My family loves Tom.
My family made a move to Bejaia, Algeria.
My family makes me miserable.
My family means everything to me.
My family means more to me than my life does.
My family members played with fire, and they got burnt with it.
My family moved around a lot when I was a child.
My family moved around a lot when I was a kid.
My family moved around a lot when I was a young.
My family moved around a lot.
My family moved around a lot. At one time, we even lived in a town in Spain.
My family moved around quite a bit when I was a child.
My family moved around quite a bit when I was a kid.
My family moved from Boston to Chicago when I was thirteen years old.
My family moved from Boston to Chicago when I was thirteen.
My family moved here when I was a baby.
My family moved to Australia when I was three years old.
My family moved to Australia when I was three.
My family moved to Boston when I was three months old.
My family moved to Boston when I was three.
My family moved to a new house in Kabylie.
My family name is Johnson.
My family need to know that you got me pregnant.
My family needed money, so I started working when I was thirteen years old.
My family needed money, so I started working when I was thirteen.
My family needs me and I need my family.
My family owns this place.
My family owns this restaurant.
My family owns this store.
My family passed through Hungary during our endless wandering.
My family problems aren't all that important.
My family seldom eats together.
My family spent vacations around Baguio City, a high-altitude place where strawberries and blueberries thrived, unlike in the lowlands of tropical Philippines.
My family still has their Christmas lights out even though it is April 21st.
My family subscribes to a newspaper.
My family thinks I'm rich.
My family thinks I've lost my mind.
My family was definitely religious.
My family was listed as missing.
My family was looking to buy a house.
My family was waiting for us.
My family was well off in those days.
My family welcomed my new boyfriend into their home with open arms.
My family went to the zoo to see pandas last Sunday.
My family were very fond of my girlfriend.
My family will be away for a week.
My family's cat is not afraid of people or insects, but is afraid of chicks.
My family's going to love you.
My family's not rich.
My family's property abuts a wildlife preserve.
My family's support emboldened me to pursue my dreams.
My family's well. And how about all of yours?
My fantasies grow as leaves by the tree to thereafter hide themselves as pages in my diary.
My fate has already been decided.
My fate is in your hands.
My fate is sealed.
My fate isn't in your hands.
My fate was sealed.
My father abandoned me when I was young.
My father abides by what he said.
My father achieved that and more in four words, which made quoting Shakespeare as effective as any business adviser could wish.
My father advised me not to be lazy.
My father aged a lot since last year.
My father aged remarkably during his convalescence.
My father allowed me to go swimming.
My father allowed me to go to the concert.
My father already has his own problems.
My father always ate in this restaurant.
My father always bakes our bread himself.
My father always comes up with something witty to say.
My father always discusses his problems with my mother.
My father always gets nervous.
My father always reads a newspaper before breakfast.
My father always reads the newspaper before breakfast.
My father always said that heaven helps those who help themselves.
My father always said time was money.
My father always said: "Time is money!"
My father always sent me to school when I was little.
My father always sleeps while watching the TV.
My father always speaks in a very loud voice.
My father always speaks to me in French and my mother always speaks to me in English.
My father always speaks very loudly.
My father always thought that he wanted to be a pilot when he was a boy.
My father always told me to do my best.
My father always took me to school when I was young.
My father always took me to the mosque.
My father always used to say that time was money.
My father always wanted to be a soldier.
My father always worked a lot.
My father amused us by reciting sentences in Italian and then asking us to translate them.
My father and I are lawyers.
My father and I are one.
My father and I are the same height.
My father and I clear the table in my family.
My father and I don't think alike.
My father and I go fishing every once in a while.
My father and I go fishing from time to time.
My father and I go fishing once in a while.
My father and I nursed my sister back to health after her accident.
My father and I played tennis on Sunday.
My father and I sometimes go fishing together.
My father and I sometimes go fishing.
My father and I still work as lawyers.
My father and I were worried about her.
My father and I will fish once in a while.
My father and brother work in a factory.
My father and mother always filled their car with potatoes when they went on vacation.
My father and mother are dead.
My father and mother have a big farm there.
My father and mother have a large estate there.
My father and mother were sitting under a tree.
My father and my brother work at that factory.
My father and my brother work in this factory.
My father and my mother are a beautiful couple.
My father and my mother were sitting under a tree.
My father and my mother.
My father and my older brother work in this factory.
My father and my sister are carpenters.
My father and my uncle are brothers.
My father and my younger sister are carpenters.
My father and sister are carpenters.
My father arrived home.
My father asked me if I can shorten his pants.
My father asked me if I could get along with the Jones family.
My father asked me if I got along well with the Jones family.
My father asked me to go to the concert.
My father asked me to open the door.
My father asked me to open the window.
My father asked me who had visited him the day before.
My father asked me who had visited him yesterday.
My father asked when to start.
My father ate.
My father banks part of his salary every week.
My father bathes before eating.
My father beat me almost black and blue for playing truant from school.
My father beat me answering him back.
My father beat my mom.
My father became old.
My father became senior foreman at the plant.
My father began jogging last month.
My father began to snore.
My father begged me to open the door.
My father being sick, I had to stay home.
My father believed that anyone who could not make a living in Japan was lazy.
My father believed that when he would die, he would be reborn in a different body in a different world—a different "planet." I was not sure if he was talking of Buddhist "rebirth" or Hindu "reincarnation." Nevertheless, he said that the "mind" as he put it would transmigrate into a new body. Before he converted to a Baptist Protestant, as a Roman Catholic, he did explore the paranormal genre, such as books by Tuesday Lobsang Rampa and Erich von Däniken.
My father boasts of the fact that he has never had a traffic accident.
My father bought a baby goat for two zuzim.
My father bought a bicycle for me.
My father bought a car for me to drive.
My father bought a car.
My father bought a house.
My father bought a motorcycle.
My father bought a new car.
My father bought a pair of gloves for me.
My father bought me a bicycle.
My father bought me a book.
My father bought me a camera for my birthday.
My father bought me a camera.
My father bought me a computer.
My father bought me a digital watch for birthday present.
My father bought me a few books.
My father bought me a horse.
My father bought me a model plane.
My father bought me a motorcycle.
My father bought me a new bicycle.
My father bought me a pair of gloves.
My father bought me a watch that I don't like very much.
My father bought me a watch, which I don't like very much.
My father bought me a watch, which I don’t like very much.
My father bought me books.
My father bought me new clothes.
My father bought me some books.
My father bought me the book.
My father bought me these shoes.
My father bought me this bike on my birthday.
My father bought me this camera.
My father bought me this hat.
My father bought me two books.
My father bought several cars.
My father bought some CDs for my birthday.
My father bought some books for me.
My father bought the book for me.
My father bought this hat for me.
My father bought this house for us when we got married.
My father brags about never having had a traffic accident.
My father brought me here by car.
My father brought me here, sir. I had nothing to say about it, and neither did my mother.
My father builds bridges.
My father built a new house for me.
My father built me a new house.
My father buys lottery tickets.
My father calls me Tom.
My father came back from Osaka last week.
My father came home about ten minutes ago.
My father came home at nine.
My father came home just now.
My father came home.
My father came to pick us up both.
My father came to this country from Algeria.
My father can be terribly childish, but he means well.
My father can fly an airplane.
My father can sing well, but my mother can't.
My father can speak English well.
My father can speak French as well as English.
My father can speak French better than my mother.
My father can speak French, but my mother can't.
My father can swim, but my mother can't.
My father can swim, but my mother can’t.
My father can take me to the airport.
My father can't go without coffee even for a day.
My father can't lift it up.
My father cannot go without coffee even for a day.
My father cannot lift it up.
My father cares much about food.
My father carried on singing.
My father caught me by the arm.
My father caught three fish yesterday.
My father celebrated his seventieth birthday this year, but he's more energetic than I am.
My father charged me with the duty of taking care of my sister.
My father chose not to disturb my optimism.
My father comes here from time to time.
My father comes home from work about nine in the evening.
My father comes to visit me from time to time.
My father complained about the traffic noise.
My father consented to my going abroad.
My father contracted pneumonia last month.
My father converted a garage into a study.
My father converted the garage into a study.
My father conveyed a message to me.
My father could swim well when he was young.
My father couldn't afford a car when he was young.
My father couldn't read me the story. It was in English.
My father couldn't stand dogs.
My father couldn’t afford a car, when he was young.
My father cut down on salty food as I had advised.
My father cut wood with a saw.
My father cuts the wood with a saw.
My father decided to quit smoking.
My father did a lot of construction in Fort Meyers.
My father did not allow me to have a dog.
My father did not allow me to have dogs.
My father did not go to school but he was able to read.
My father did not know him.
My father did not let me marry him.
My father did not work in the mine.
My father didn't allow me to have a dog.
My father didn't allow me to have dogs.
