I don't think that Tom has much longer to live.
I don't think that Tom has much money in the bank.
I don't think that Tom has much money with him.
I don't think that Tom has much of a chance.
I don't think that Tom has much of an appetite.
I don't think that Tom has much time for volunteer work.
I don't think that Tom has much time to waste.
I don't think that Tom has one of these yet.
I don't think that Tom has overstepped his authority.
I don't think that Tom has passed away yet.
I don't think that Tom has seen us.
I don't think that Tom has sold anything all day.
I don't think that Tom has studied French for very long.
I don't think that Tom has that kind of money.
I don't think that Tom has the ability to do that.
I don't think that Tom has the confidence to do that.
I don't think that Tom has the courage to do that.
I don't think that Tom has the money to buy a car.
I don't think that Tom has the patience to do that.
I don't think that Tom has the stamina to do that.
I don't think that Tom has the strength to do that anymore.
I don't think that Tom has the strength to do that nowadays.
I don't think that Tom has the strength to do that.
I don't think that Tom has the time to do that right now.
I don't think that Tom has the willpower to do that.
I don't think that Tom has those kinds of problems.
I don't think that Tom has time to buy everything he needs to buy.
I don't think that Tom has time to do that today.
I don't think that Tom has time to help you today.
I don't think that Tom has time to read comics.
I don't think that Tom has time to talk to you now.
I don't think that Tom has time to talk to you today.
I don't think that Tom has time to talk to you.
I don't think that Tom has time today to do everything he needs to do.
I don't think that Tom has time today to help you.
I don't think that Tom has to apologize to Mary.
I don't think that Tom has to be at today's meeting.
I don't think that Tom has to be here tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom has to come tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom has to decide right away.
I don't think that Tom has to decide that today.
I don't think that Tom has to decide today.
I don't think that Tom has to do that again.
I don't think that Tom has to do that any more.
I don't think that Tom has to do that anymore.
I don't think that Tom has to do that by himself.
I don't think that Tom has to do that either.
I don't think that Tom has to do that right now.
I don't think that Tom has to do that today.
I don't think that Tom has to do that until October.
I don't think that Tom has to do that until tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom has to do that.
I don't think that Tom has to get up as early tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom has to get up so early tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom has to go anywhere today.
I don't think that Tom has to go in there.
I don't think that Tom has to go there by himself.
I don't think that Tom has to go to school next Monday.
I don't think that Tom has to go to school tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom has to pay anything.
I don't think that Tom has to say anything.
I don't think that Tom has to tell Mary how to do that.
I don't think that Tom has to work anymore.
I don't think that Tom has to work on Mondays anymore.
I don't think that Tom has to work on Mondays.
I don't think that Tom has to work today.
I don't think that Tom has to worry about Mary anymore.
I don't think that Tom has told us the whole truth.
I don't think that Tom has too many friends.
I don't think that Tom has very long to live.
I don't think that Tom has very many friends here.
I don't think that Tom has very many friends in Australia.
I don't think that Tom has very many friends in Boston.
I don't think that Tom has very many friends.
I don't think that Tom has very many options.
I don't think that Tom has very much experience doing that.
I don't think that Tom has very much time.
I don't think that Tom has washed his car in a long time.
I don't think that Tom has what he wants yet.
I don't think that Tom has what it takes to be teacher.
I don't think that Tom has what it takes to be the boss.
I don't think that Tom hates you.
I don't think that Tom heard Mary shouting his name.
I don't think that Tom heard Mary.
I don't think that Tom heard me calling his name.
I don't think that Tom heard me.
I don't think that Tom heard us.
I don't think that Tom heard you knocking on the door.
I don't think that Tom heard you.
I don't think that Tom helped Mary do that.
I don't think that Tom helped Mary.
I don't think that Tom hurt Mary.
I don't think that Tom intended to do that.
I don't think that Tom intentionally did that.
I don't think that Tom is Canadian.
I don't think that Tom is Mary's boyfriend.
I don't think that Tom is Mary's son.
I don't think that Tom is a Canadian.
I don't think that Tom is a bad boy.
I don't think that Tom is a bad guy.
I don't think that Tom is a billionaire.
I don't think that Tom is a carpenter.
I don't think that Tom is a good actor.
I don't think that Tom is a good lawyer.
I don't think that Tom is a good leader.
I don't think that Tom is a lawyer.
I don't think that Tom is a loser.
I don't think that Tom is a native French speaker.
I don't think that Tom is a plumber.
I don't think that Tom is a safe driver.
I don't think that Tom is a slob.
I don't think that Tom is a very good chess player.
I don't think that Tom is a very good lawyer.
I don't think that Tom is a very good leader.
I don't think that Tom is able to do that anymore.
I don't think that Tom is able to do that.
I don't think that Tom is absent today.
I don't think that Tom is absent.
I don't think that Tom is active anymore.
I don't think that Tom is adopted.
I don't think that Tom is adventurous.
I don't think that Tom is afraid of you.
I don't think that Tom is afraid.
I don't think that Tom is aggressive.
I don't think that Tom is alive.
I don't think that Tom is all that busy today.
I don't think that Tom is allergic to cats.
I don't think that Tom is allergic to peanuts.
I don't think that Tom is allowed to do that.
I don't think that Tom is alone in the kitchen.
I don't think that Tom is alone right now.
I don't think that Tom is alone.
I don't think that Tom is ambidextrous.
I don't think that Tom is ambitious enough.
I don't think that Tom is amused by what's going on.
I don't think that Tom is an alien.
I don't think that Tom is angry anymore.
I don't think that Tom is angry.
I don't think that Tom is annoyed.
I don't think that Tom is annoying.
I don't think that Tom is arrogant.
I don't think that Tom is as busy today as he was yesterday.
I don't think that Tom is as crazy as some people think he is.
I don't think that Tom is as crazy as some people think.
I don't think that Tom is as creative as Mary is.
I don't think that Tom is as creative as Mary.
I don't think that Tom is as fast as I am.
I don't think that Tom is as fast as me.
I don't think that Tom is as good-looking as John is.
I don't think that Tom is as good-looking as John.
I don't think that Tom is as handsome as John is.
I don't think that Tom is as handsome as John.
I don't think that Tom is as influential as Mary is.
I don't think that Tom is as influential as Mary.
I don't think that Tom is as lazy as people think he is.
I don't think that Tom is as old as he looks.
I don't think that Tom is as rich as Mary is.
I don't think that Tom is as rich as Mary.
I don't think that Tom is as rich as most people think he is.
I don't think that Tom is as rich as you said he was.
I don't think that Tom is as selfish as everybody thinks he is.
I don't think that Tom is as selfish as everyone thinks he is.
I don't think that Tom is as shy as Mary is.
I don't think that Tom is as shy as Mary.
I don't think that Tom is as smart as Mary is.
I don't think that Tom is as smart as Mary.
I don't think that Tom is as strange as Mary said he was.
I don't think that Tom is as stubborn as Mary is.
I don't think that Tom is as stubborn as Mary.
I don't think that Tom is as stubborn as you think he is.
I don't think that Tom is as stupid as he looks.
I don't think that Tom is as stupid as he used to be.
I don't think that Tom is as stupid as you say he is.
I don't think that Tom is as wealthy as most people think he is.
I don't think that Tom is asleep now.
I don't think that Tom is asleep yet.
I don't think that Tom is asleep.
I don't think that Tom is at fault.
I don't think that Tom is at home.
I don't think that Tom is athletic.
I don't think that Tom is autistic.
I don't think that Tom is available.
I don't think that Tom is awake yet.
I don't think that Tom is awake.
I don't think that Tom is aware of his own limitations.
I don't think that Tom is back from Australia yet.
I don't think that Tom is back from Boston yet.
I don't think that Tom is back.
I don't think that Tom is barefoot.
I don't think that Tom is being honest.
I don't think that Tom is being realistic.
I don't think that Tom is being reasonable.
I don't think that Tom is being sarcastic.
I don't think that Tom is being sincere.
I don't think that Tom is being truthful.
I don't think that Tom is being very helpful.
I don't think that Tom is being very reasonable.
I don't think that Tom is being very truthful.
I don't think that Tom is bilingual.
I don't think that Tom is bipolar.
I don't think that Tom is blind.
I don't think that Tom is bluffing.
I don't think that Tom is bored.
I don't think that Tom is boring.
I don't think that Tom is bossy.
I don't think that Tom is brave.
I don't think that Tom is breathing.
I don't think that Tom is broke.
I don't think that Tom is busy now.
I don't think that Tom is busy right now.
I don't think that Tom is busy today.
I don't think that Tom is busy.
I don't think that Tom is capable of doing that.
I don't think that Tom is capable of that.
I don't think that Tom is careful enough.
I don't think that Tom is careless.
I don't think that Tom is charismatic.
I don't think that Tom is claustrophobic.
I don't think that Tom is cold.
I don't think that Tom is colorblind.
I don't think that Tom is coming back here today.
I don't think that Tom is coming back.
I don't think that Tom is coming to our rescue.
I don't think that Tom is coming.
I don't think that Tom is committed to doing that.
I don't think that Tom is committed.
I don't think that Tom is competent.
I don't think that Tom is competitive enough.
I don't think that Tom is conceited.
I don't think that Tom is concerned.
I don't think that Tom is confident.
I don't think that Tom is confused.
I don't think that Tom is conscious.
I don't think that Tom is conservative.
I don't think that Tom is cool.
I don't think that Tom is correct.
I don't think that Tom is crazy.
I don't think that Tom is crying.
I don't think that Tom is cut out to be a lawyer.
I don't think that Tom is cut out to be a teacher.
I don't think that Tom is cute.
I don't think that Tom is dangerous.
I don't think that Tom is dead.
I don't think that Tom is deaf.
I don't think that Tom is dependable.
I don't think that Tom is depressed.
I don't think that Tom is deranged.
I don't think that Tom is desperate to do that.
I don't think that Tom is desperate.
I don't think that Tom is determined to do that.
I don't think that Tom is devious.
I don't think that Tom is diabetic.
I don't think that Tom is difficult to get along with.
I don't think that Tom is disappointed.
I don't think that Tom is discouraged.
I don't think that Tom is disgusting.
I don't think that Tom is dishonest.
I don't think that Tom is disorganized.
I don't think that Tom is divorced.
I don't think that Tom is doing that right now.
I don't think that Tom is doing that.
I don't think that Tom is done.
I don't think that Tom is downstairs.
I don't think that Tom is dressed.
I don't think that Tom is drunk.
I don't think that Tom is embarrassed.
I don't think that Tom is engaged.
I don't think that Tom is ever going to get married.
I don't think that Tom is ever going to pay you back.
I don't think that Tom is fat.
I don't think that Tom is feeling very well this afternoon.
I don't think that Tom is finished doing that yet.
I don't think that Tom is finished doing that.
I don't think that Tom is finished writing that report yet.
I don't think that Tom is finished.
I don't think that Tom is fit for the job.
I don't think that Tom is flexible enough to do that.
I don't think that Tom is free this afternoon.
I don't think that Tom is free.
I don't think that Tom is friendly.
I don't think that Tom is frightened.
I don't think that Tom is funny.
I don't think that Tom is glad that that's going to happen.
I don't think that Tom is glad that's going to happen.
I don't think that Tom is going anywhere.
I don't think that Tom is going away.
I don't think that Tom is going to Australia.
I don't think that Tom is going to Boston next week.
I don't think that Tom is going to Boston.
I don't think that Tom is going to be a problem anymore.
I don't think that Tom is going to be able to do that.
I don't think that Tom is going to be here all day.
I don't think that Tom is going to be here tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom is going to be here until 2:30.
I don't think that Tom is going to be here.
I don't think that Tom is going to be there.
I don't think that Tom is going to be too much help.
I don't think that Tom is going to come to Australia with me.
I don't think that Tom is going to do that again.
I don't think that Tom is going to do that anymore.
I don't think that Tom is going to do that tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom is going to do that.
I don't think that Tom is going to enjoy doing that.
I don't think that Tom is going to get fired, at least not this week.
I don't think that Tom is going to get fired.
I don't think that Tom is going to give it back.
I don't think that Tom is going to go to Australia with Mary next month.
I don't think that Tom is going to go to Australia with Mary.
I don't think that Tom is going to go to Boston with Mary next week.
I don't think that Tom is going to go to Boston with Mary.
I don't think that Tom is going to hear us.
I don't think that Tom is going to help us do that.
I don't think that Tom is going to help us.
I don't think that Tom is going to let you do that with him.
I don't think that Tom is going to let you do that.
I don't think that Tom is going to let you eat his piece of cake.
I don't think that Tom is going to let you leave early.
I don't think that Tom is going to like doing that.
I don't think that Tom is going to like that.
I don't think that Tom is going to make it.
I don't think that Tom is going to need our help anymore.
I don't think that Tom is going to need our help.
I don't think that Tom is going to resign.
I don't think that Tom is going to sing.
I don't think that Tom is going to study French next year.
I don't think that Tom is going to want to do that.
I don't think that Tom is going to want to go to Australia with you.
I don't think that Tom is going to want to go to Boston with you.
I don't think that Tom is going to win.
I don't think that Tom is gone.
I don't think that Tom is good enough for Mary.
I don't think that Tom is good enough for you.
I don't think that Tom is good-looking, but he's a nice guy.
I don't think that Tom is greedy.
I don't think that Tom is guilty.
I don't think that Tom is handsome.
I don't think that Tom is happy here.
I don't think that Tom is happy right now.
I don't think that Tom is happy.
I don't think that Tom is having any fun.
I don't think that Tom is having fun.
I don't think that Tom is heartbroken.
I don't think that Tom is helpless.
I don't think that Tom is here today.
I don't think that Tom is here.
I don't think that Tom is hiding anything.
I don't think that Tom is high.
I don't think that Tom is home on Mondays.
I don't think that Tom is home.
I don't think that Tom is homeless.
I don't think that Tom is homesick.
I don't think that Tom is honest.
I don't think that Tom is hungry.
I don't think that Tom is hurt.
I don't think that Tom is impressed.
I don't think that Tom is in Australia now.
I don't think that Tom is in Australia.
I don't think that Tom is in Boston.
I don't think that Tom is in his office on Mondays.
I don't think that Tom is in the mood to work right now.
I don't think that Tom is in.
I don't think that Tom is incompetent.
I don't think that Tom is innocent.
I don't think that Tom is insane.
I don't think that Tom is intelligent.
I don't think that Tom is interested in doing that.
I don't think that Tom is interested in going to Boston with us.
I don't think that Tom is interested in opera.
I don't think that Tom is interested in sports.
I don't think that Tom is interested.
I don't think that Tom is interesting.
I don't think that Tom is intimidated.
I don't think that Tom is intoxicated.
I don't think that Tom is involved.
I don't think that Tom is irritated.
I don't think that Tom is jealous.
I don't think that Tom is lazy.
I don't think that Tom is likely to tell the truth.
I don't think that Tom is listening to me.
I don't think that Tom is listening.
I don't think that Tom is lonely.
I don't think that Tom is lost.
I don't think that Tom is lucky.
I don't think that Tom is lying.
I don't think that Tom is mad.
I don't think that Tom is married anymore.
I don't think that Tom is married.
I don't think that Tom is mean.
I don't think that Tom is miserable.
I don't think that Tom is mistaken.
I don't think that Tom is motivated to do that.
I don't think that Tom is much shorter than you are.
I don't think that Tom is much shorter than you.
I don't think that Tom is nervous.
I don't think that Tom is next.
I don't think that Tom is nice.
I don't think that Tom is normal.
I don't think that Tom is nosey.
I don't think that Tom is nosy.
I don't think that Tom is nuts.
I don't think that Tom is obligated to do that.
I don't think that Tom is obstinate.
I don't think that Tom is old enough to do that yet.
I don't think that Tom is old enough to do that.
I don't think that Tom is old enough to drink.
I don't think that Tom is old enough to drive.
I don't think that Tom is old.
I don't think that Tom is older than he looks.
I don't think that Tom is optimistic.
I don't think that Tom is organized.
I don't think that Tom is outside.
I don't think that Tom is overweight.
I don't think that Tom is particularly funny.
I don't think that Tom is particularly handsome.
I don't think that Tom is permitted to do that.
I don't think that Tom is planning on doing that.
I don't think that Tom is planning on helping us.
I don't think that Tom is planning to do that.
I don't think that Tom is planning to help us.
I don't think that Tom is pleased.
I don't think that Tom is prejudiced.
I don't think that Tom is prepared to do that.
I don't think that Tom is prepared.
I don't think that Tom is pushy.
I don't think that Tom is qualified to do that.
I don't think that Tom is qualified.
I don't think that Tom is ready to do that yet.
I don't think that Tom is ready to do that.
I don't think that Tom is ready yet.
I don't think that Tom is ready.
I don't think that Tom is really ready to do that.
I don't think that Tom is really trying to win.
I don't think that Tom is reliable.
I don't think that Tom is reluctant to do that.
I don't think that Tom is replaceable.
I don't think that Tom is responsible for that.
I don't think that Tom is retired yet.
I don't think that Tom is retired.
I don't think that Tom is rich enough to buy that house.
I don't think that Tom is rich.
I don't think that Tom is right for you.
I don't think that Tom is right.
I don't think that Tom is sad.
I don't think that Tom is safe.
I don't think that Tom is satisfied.
I don't think that Tom is saying what he really thinks.
I don't think that Tom is scared.
I don't think that Tom is schizophrenic.
I don't think that Tom is selfish.
I don't think that Tom is serious.
I don't think that Tom is shy.
I don't think that Tom is sick.
I don't think that Tom is sincere.
I don't think that Tom is single.
I don't think that Tom is skinny.
I don't think that Tom is sleepy.
I don't think that Tom is slow.
I don't think that Tom is small enough to crawl through that hole.
I don't think that Tom is smart enough to get into Harvard.
I don't think that Tom is smarter than you.
I don't think that Tom is sneaky.
I don't think that Tom is so strange.
I don't think that Tom is sober enough to do that.
I don't think that Tom is still alive.
I don't think that Tom is still asleep.
I don't think that Tom is still awake.
I don't think that Tom is still married to Mary.
I don't think that Tom is still single.
I don't think that Tom is still upset.
I don't think that Tom is still willing to do that.
I don't think that Tom is stingy.
I don't think that Tom is stoned.
I don't think that Tom is strange.
I don't think that Tom is strict.
I don't think that Tom is strong enough to do that.
I don't think that Tom is strong enough to lift that box by himself.
I don't think that Tom is strong.
I don't think that Tom is stubborn.
I don't think that Tom is stupid.
I don't think that Tom is successful.
I don't think that Tom is supposed to be here.
I don't think that Tom is sure that that's what Mary has to do.
I don't think that Tom is sure that that's what Mary needs to do.
I don't think that Tom is sure that that's what Mary wants to do.
I don't think that Tom is sure that that's what he has to do.
I don't think that Tom is sure that that's what he needs to do.
I don't think that Tom is sure that's what Mary has to do.
I don't think that Tom is sure that's what Mary needs to do.
I don't think that Tom is sure that's what Mary wants to do.
I don't think that Tom is sure that's what he has to do.
I don't think that Tom is sure that's what he needs to do.
I don't think that Tom is sure.
I don't think that Tom is suspicious.
I don't think that Tom is sympathetic.
I don't think that Tom is tall enough to reach the top shelf.
I don't think that Tom is telling the truth.
I don't think that Tom is tempted to do that.
I don't think that Tom is that weird.
I don't think that Tom is the killer.
I don't think that Tom is the kind of guy who would do that kind of thing.
I don't think that Tom is the kind of guy who'd do that.
I don't think that Tom is the kind of person who would do that kind of thing.
I don't think that Tom is the kind of person who would do that.
I don't think that Tom is the kind of person who'd do that kind of thing.
I don't think that Tom is the kind of person who'd do that.
I don't think that Tom is the one who did that.
I don't think that Tom is the one who needs help.
I don't think that Tom is the one who needs to apologize.
I don't think that Tom is the one who wrote this report.
I don't think that Tom is the only one who doesn't have enough money to buy a ticket.
I don't think that Tom is the only one who had to go to the hospital.
I don't think that Tom is the person that you should be talking to.
I don't think that Tom is the person you should be talking to.
I don't think that Tom is the philosophical type.
I don't think that Tom is the right person for the job.
I don't think that Tom is the right person for this job.
I don't think that Tom is the right person for this particular job.
I don't think that Tom is the type of person who would do something like that.
I don't think that Tom is the type of person who would do that.
I don't think that Tom is thirsty.
I don't think that Tom is thrilled.
I don't think that Tom is through doing that yet.
I don't think that Tom is through doing that.
I don't think that Tom is through yet.
I don't think that Tom is ticklish.
I don't think that Tom is timid.
I don't think that Tom is tired.
I don't think that Tom is too old for me.
I don't think that Tom is tough.
I don't think that Tom is trustworthy.
I don't think that Tom is trying hard enough.
I don't think that Tom is ugly.
I don't think that Tom is uncomfortable.
I don't think that Tom is unconscious.
I don't think that Tom is unemployed.
I don't think that Tom is unfriendly.
I don't think that Tom is unlucky.
I don't think that Tom is unmarried.
I don't think that Tom is up.
I don't think that Tom is upset.
I don't think that Tom is used to doing that yet.
I don't think that Tom is vegan.
I don't think that Tom is very assertive.
I don't think that Tom is very bright.
I don't think that Tom is very good at doing that.
I don't think that Tom is very good at skiing.
I don't think that Tom is very lucky.
I don't think that Tom is very reliable.
I don't think that Tom is very strong.
I don't think that Tom is very talented.
I don't think that Tom is weak.
I don't think that Tom is weird.
I don't think that Tom is well.
I don't think that Tom is worried.
I don't think that Tom is wrong.
I don't think that Tom killed Mary.
I don't think that Tom killed anybody.
I don't think that Tom killed himself.
I don't think that Tom kissed Mary.
I don't think that Tom knew Mary either.
I don't think that Tom knew exactly how much it would cost to do that.
I don't think that Tom knew exactly how to do that.
I don't think that Tom knew for certain that Mary would do that.
I don't think that Tom knew for certain when Mary would do that.
I don't think that Tom knew when Mary was going to do that.
I don't think that Tom knew where Mary was going to do that.
I don't think that Tom knew whether to do that or not.
I don't think that Tom knew who I was.
I don't think that Tom knows French at all.
I don't think that Tom knows French.
I don't think that Tom knows I don't like him.
I don't think that Tom knows I don't often do that.
I don't think that Tom knows I hardly ever do that.
I don't think that Tom knows I hate him.
I don't think that Tom knows I have three cats.
I don't think that Tom knows I love Mary.
I don't think that Tom knows I love him.
I don't think that Tom knows I love you.
I don't think that Tom knows I that used to be married.
I don't think that Tom knows I think he's stupid.
I don't think that Tom knows I used to be married to Mary.
I don't think that Tom knows I used to be married.
I don't think that Tom knows I'm Canadian.
I don't think that Tom knows I'm a vegetarian.
I don't think that Tom knows I'm already married.
I don't think that Tom knows I'm here.
I don't think that Tom knows I'm hungry.
I don't think that Tom knows I'm in the hospital.
I don't think that Tom knows I'm married.
I don't think that Tom knows I'm not Canadian.
I don't think that Tom knows I'm not single anymore.
I don't think that Tom knows I'm planning to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary as well as I do.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary can do that.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary can play the bassoon.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary can speak French better than he can.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary can speak French.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary can understand French.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary can't do that.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary can't drive.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary can't speak French.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary can't understand French.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary didn't do that.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary doesn't like him.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary has spent time in prison.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary hasn't been very happy here.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary is Canadian.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary is a Canadian.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary is a vegetarian.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary is already married.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary is here.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary is in Australia.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary is in Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary is in love with him.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary is in the hospital.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary is planning to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary is still in Australia.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary is still in Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary is unhappy.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary is upset.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary isn't Canadian.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary isn't happy.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary isn't very happy here.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary thinks he's stupid.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary very well.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary won't be able to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary's phone number.
I don't think that Tom knows a lot about Australia.
I don't think that Tom knows a lot about Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows a lot about alligators.
I don't think that Tom knows a lot about classical music.
I don't think that Tom knows a lot about horses.
I don't think that Tom knows about this yet.
I don't think that Tom knows about those kinds of things.
I don't think that Tom knows all the details yet.
I don't think that Tom knows all the rules yet.
I don't think that Tom knows all the rules.
I don't think that Tom knows any details yet.
I don't think that Tom knows any of Mary's Canadian friends.
I don't think that Tom knows any of Mary's friends.
I don't think that Tom knows any of the details yet.
I don't think that Tom knows any other way to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows anybody at our school.
I don't think that Tom knows anybody here.
I don't think that Tom knows anybody in Australia.
I don't think that Tom knows anybody in Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows anybody who can do that.
I don't think that Tom knows anybody who does that.
I don't think that Tom knows anybody who is able to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows anybody who's able to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows anyone at our school.
I don't think that Tom knows anyone here.
I don't think that Tom knows anyone in Australia.
I don't think that Tom knows anyone in Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows anyone who can do that.
I don't think that Tom knows anyone who does that.
I don't think that Tom knows anyone who's able to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows anything about Australia.
I don't think that Tom knows anything about Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows anything about Mary's family.
I don't think that Tom knows anything about carpentry.
I don't think that Tom knows anything about farming.
I don't think that Tom knows anything about fishing.
I don't think that Tom knows anything about folk music.
I don't think that Tom knows anything about the situation.
I don't think that Tom knows anything about this.
I don't think that Tom knows anything.
I don't think that Tom knows as many people here as I do.
I don't think that Tom knows as much about this as I do.
I don't think that Tom knows as much about this as Mary does.
I don't think that Tom knows either Mary or her sister.
I don't think that Tom knows either of Mary's sisters.
I don't think that Tom knows everybody's name yet.
I don't think that Tom knows everybody's name.
I don't think that Tom knows everyone's name yet.
I don't think that Tom knows everyone's name.
I don't think that Tom knows exactly how much it'll cost to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows exactly how much it'll cost to get his car painted.
I don't think that Tom knows exactly how much it'll cost to reroof his house.
I don't think that Tom knows exactly how much it'll cost.
I don't think that Tom knows exactly how that happened.
I don't think that Tom knows exactly how to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows exactly what has to be done.
I don't think that Tom knows exactly what he did wrong.
I don't think that Tom knows exactly what he has to do yet.
I don't think that Tom knows exactly what he has to do.
I don't think that Tom knows exactly what he needs to do.
I don't think that Tom knows exactly what he ought to be doing.
I don't think that Tom knows exactly what he ought to do.
I don't think that Tom knows exactly what he should be doing.
I don't think that Tom knows exactly what he should do.
I don't think that Tom knows exactly what he'll be doing tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom knows exactly what needs to be done.
I don't think that Tom knows exactly when Mary will get home.
I don't think that Tom knows exactly where Mary lives.
I don't think that Tom knows for certain when Mary will be arriving.
I don't think that Tom knows for certain when Mary will do that.
I don't think that Tom knows for certain when Mary will get here.
I don't think that Tom knows he isn't likely to be fired.
I don't think that Tom knows he'll never be able to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows he's adopted.
I don't think that Tom knows he's going to be punished.
I don't think that Tom knows he's not likely to be fired.
I don't think that Tom knows his neighbors very well.
I don't think that Tom knows his neighbors.
I don't think that Tom knows how Mary died.
I don't think that Tom knows how Mary feels about him.
I don't think that Tom knows how Mary feels about that.
I don't think that Tom knows how Mary got injured.
I don't think that Tom knows how Mary managed to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows how bad it is.
I don't think that Tom knows how badly Mary was hurt.
I don't think that Tom knows how deep the pool is.
I don't think that Tom knows how good a cook Mary is.
I don't think that Tom knows how good a dancer Mary is.
I don't think that Tom knows how good a guitarist Mary is.
I don't think that Tom knows how good a lawyer Mary is.
I don't think that Tom knows how he's going to do that yet.
I don't think that Tom knows how it happened.
I don't think that Tom knows how long he'll be in the hospital.
I don't think that Tom knows how long he'll have to stay in Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows how long it's going to take to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows how long that's going to take.
I don't think that Tom knows how long the meeting will last.
I don't think that Tom knows how lucky he is.
I don't think that Tom knows how many cats Mary has.
I don't think that Tom knows how many eggs his mother wants him to buy.
I don't think that Tom knows how many hours he's going to have to wait.
I don't think that Tom knows how many hours it'll take him to drive to Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows how many loaves of bread he is supposed to buy.
I don't think that Tom knows how much Mary loves him.
I don't think that Tom knows how much Mary weighs.
I don't think that Tom knows how much coffee Mary drinks every day.
I don't think that Tom knows how much he drank last night.
I don't think that Tom knows how much it'll cost to get a visa.
I don't think that Tom knows how much it'll cost to go to Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows how much it'll cost to stay in Boston for a week.
I don't think that Tom knows how much it'll cost.
I don't think that Tom knows how much milk Mary drinks every day.
I don't think that Tom knows how much money Mary makes.
I don't think that Tom knows how much money he has in the bank.
I don't think that Tom knows how much money was stolen from the safe.
I don't think that Tom knows how much money was stolen.
I don't think that Tom knows how much money was taken.
I don't think that Tom knows how much that's going to cost.
I don't think that Tom knows how much the ticket will cost.
I don't think that Tom knows how much time he'll need to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows how much time he'll need to get that done.
I don't think that Tom knows how much time he'll need.
I don't think that Tom knows how much time it'll take for him to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows how much time it'll take for him to get a visa.
I don't think that Tom knows how much time it'll take for him to paint his house.
I don't think that Tom knows how much time it'll take him to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows how much time it'll take to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows how much time that's going to take.
I don't think that Tom knows how rich Mary is.
I don't think that Tom knows how sick Mary is.
I don't think that Tom knows how strong you are.
I don't think that Tom knows how to cook sweet and sour pork.
I don't think that Tom knows how to cook very well.
I don't think that Tom knows how to cook.
I don't think that Tom knows how to dance.
I don't think that Tom knows how to do that very well.
I don't think that Tom knows how to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows how to do the breast stroke.
I don't think that Tom knows how to drive a car.
I don't think that Tom knows how to drive.
I don't think that Tom knows how to express his feelings.
I don't think that Tom knows how to get a hold of me.
I don't think that Tom knows how to get to my place.
I don't think that Tom knows how to handle children.
I don't think that Tom knows how to have a good time.
I don't think that Tom knows how to have fun.
I don't think that Tom knows how to play backgammon.
I don't think that Tom knows how to play chess.
I don't think that Tom knows how to play golf.
I don't think that Tom knows how to play the cello.
I don't think that Tom knows how to play the oboe.
I don't think that Tom knows how to play the saxophone.
I don't think that Tom knows how to play the trombone.
I don't think that Tom knows how to play this game.
I don't think that Tom knows how to read or write.
I don't think that Tom knows how to relax and just enjoy life.
I don't think that Tom knows how to ride a horse.
I don't think that Tom knows how to ride a unicycle.
I don't think that Tom knows how to run the business.
I don't think that Tom knows how to safely use a chainsaw.
I don't think that Tom knows how to speak French well.
I don't think that Tom knows how to speak French.
I don't think that Tom knows how to tie a tie.
I don't think that Tom knows how to tie his shoelaces.
I don't think that Tom knows how to tie his shoes yet.
I don't think that Tom knows how to tie his shoes.
I don't think that Tom knows how to use a slide rule.
I don't think that Tom knows how to use an iron.
I don't think that Tom knows how to use that.
I don't think that Tom knows how worried I am about that.
I don't think that Tom knows how worried I am.
I don't think that Tom knows how worried Mary is.
I don't think that Tom knows how worried you are about that.
I don't think that Tom knows how worried you are.
I don't think that Tom knows how you did that.
I don't think that Tom knows if Mary can drive or not.
I don't think that Tom knows if Mary is busy or not.
I don't think that Tom knows if Mary is coming or not.
I don't think that Tom knows if Mary is happy or not.
I don't think that Tom knows if Mary is hungry or not.
I don't think that Tom knows if Mary is sleepy or not.
I don't think that Tom knows if Mary likes apple pie or not.
I don't think that Tom knows if Mary likes him or not.
I don't think that Tom knows if Mary wants to do that or not.
I don't think that Tom knows if Mary will come or not.
I don't think that Tom knows if Mary will come tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom knows much about Australia.
I don't think that Tom knows much about Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows much about Mary.
I don't think that Tom knows much about alligators.
I don't think that Tom knows much about art.
I don't think that Tom knows much about basketball.
I don't think that Tom knows much about classical music.
I don't think that Tom knows much about fishing.
I don't think that Tom knows much about guns.
I don't think that Tom knows much about his neighbors.
I don't think that Tom knows much about me.
I don't think that Tom knows much about sailing.
I don't think that Tom knows much about sports.
I don't think that Tom knows much about that.
I don't think that Tom knows my telephone number.
I don't think that Tom knows that I don't like him.
I don't think that Tom knows that I don't often do that.
I don't think that Tom knows that I hardly ever do that.
I don't think that Tom knows that I hate him.
I don't think that Tom knows that I have three cats.
I don't think that Tom knows that I know.
I don't think that Tom knows that I love Mary.
I don't think that Tom knows that I love him.
I don't think that Tom knows that I love you.
I don't think that Tom knows that I still have this.
I don't think that Tom knows that I think he's stupid.
I don't think that Tom knows that I used to be married to Mary.
I don't think that Tom knows that I'm Canadian.
I don't think that Tom knows that I'm Mary's boyfriend.
I don't think that Tom knows that I'm Mary's brother.
I don't think that Tom knows that I'm a vegetarian.
I don't think that Tom knows that I'm already married.
I don't think that Tom knows that I'm here.
I don't think that Tom knows that I'm hungry.
I don't think that Tom knows that I'm in the hospital.
I don't think that Tom knows that I'm married.
I don't think that Tom knows that I'm not Canadian.
I don't think that Tom knows that I'm not single anymore.
I don't think that Tom knows that I'm planning to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows that I've never done that before.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary did that.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary didn't do that.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary doesn't like him.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary has to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary is Canadian.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary is a Canadian.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary is a vegetarian.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary is already married.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary is in love with him.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary is in the hospital.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary is planning to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary is unhappy.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary is upset.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary isn't Canadian.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary isn't happy.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary knows how to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary needs to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary should do that.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary shouldn't be doing that.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary shouldn't do that.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary thinks he's stupid.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary wants to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows that he has to do that today.
I don't think that Tom knows that he isn't supposed to be doing that.
I don't think that Tom knows that he isn't supposed to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows that he isn't supposed to park there.
I don't think that Tom knows that he shouldn't be doing that anymore.
I don't think that Tom knows that he shouldn't be doing that here.
I don't think that Tom knows that he shouldn't be doing that.
I don't think that Tom knows that he shouldn't do that here.
I don't think that Tom knows that he'll never be able to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows that he's adopted.
I don't think that Tom knows that he's going to be arrested.
I don't think that Tom knows that he's going to be fired.
I don't think that Tom knows that he's not supposed to be doing that.
I don't think that Tom knows that he's not supposed to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows that he's not supposed to park there.
I don't think that Tom knows that he's supposed to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows that that won't happen anytime soon.
I don't think that Tom knows that there's still work to do.
I don't think that Tom knows that we still have a lot to do.
I don't think that Tom knows that we're here.
I don't think that Tom knows that what he did was wrong.
I don't think that Tom knows that won't happen anytime soon.
I don't think that Tom knows that won't happen today.
I don't think that Tom knows that you have a boyfriend.
I don't think that Tom knows that you were helping me.
I don't think that Tom knows that you're here.
I don't think that Tom knows that.
I don't think that Tom knows the answer yet.
I don't think that Tom knows the details.
I don't think that Tom knows the man who's talking to Mary.
I don't think that Tom knows the reason Mary is absent today.
I don't think that Tom knows the reason why Mary is absent.
I don't think that Tom knows the rules yet.
I don't think that Tom knows the truth yet.
I don't think that Tom knows the whole story.
I don't think that Tom knows the whole truth yet.
I don't think that Tom knows the whole truth.
I don't think that Tom knows there's still work to do.
I don't think that Tom knows there's work to do.
I don't think that Tom knows very much about Australia.
I don't think that Tom knows very much about Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows very much about Mary.
I don't think that Tom knows very much about baseball.
I don't think that Tom knows what I bought yesterday.
I don't think that Tom knows what I did last night.
I don't think that Tom knows what I do for a living.
I don't think that Tom knows what I said to Mary.
I don't think that Tom knows what I told Mary.
I don't think that Tom knows what I want him to do for me tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom knows what I want him to do for me.
I don't think that Tom knows what I want him to do.
I don't think that Tom knows what I want to buy.
I don't think that Tom knows what I want to do.
I don't think that Tom knows what I want.
I don't think that Tom knows what I'm making for dinner.
I don't think that Tom knows what I'm planning on doing.
I don't think that Tom knows what I'm planning to do.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary and John are fighting about.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary bought yesterday.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary did last night.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary did last weekend.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary did.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary does for a living.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary expects from him.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary expects him to do for her.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary expects him to do.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary has done.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary has to do in Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary has to do on Monday.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary has to do on October 20th.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary has to do tomorrow morning.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary has to do.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary is doing now.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary is doing right now.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary is doing today.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary is doing.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary is going to do this afternoon.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary is going to do tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary is going to do.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary is looking for.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary is making for dinner.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary is planning on doing.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary is planning to do.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary is really like.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary is supposed to be doing now.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary is supposed to be doing.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary is supposed to do tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary is supposed to do.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary is trying to do.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary needs to do the day after tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary needs to do.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary said to John.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary thinks he should do about that.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary thinks he should do.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary told John.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary wants him to buy for her.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary wants him to buy.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary wants him to do.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary wants him to say.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary wants to buy with the money her father gave her.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary wants to buy.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary wants to do tomorrow afternoon.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary wants to do.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary wants to eat.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary wants.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary will do this evening.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary will do.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary would like him to do.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary's blood type is.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary's favorite flower is.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary's opinion is.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary's shoe size is.
I don't think that Tom knows what happened to Mary.
I don't think that Tom knows what happened.
I don't think that Tom knows what he did was wrong.
I don't think that Tom knows what he did wrong.
I don't think that Tom knows what he has to buy.
I don't think that Tom knows what he has to do yet.
I don't think that Tom knows what he has to do.
I don't think that Tom knows what he needs to buy.
I don't think that Tom knows what he needs to do yet.
I don't think that Tom knows what he needs to do.
I don't think that Tom knows what he ought to do.
I don't think that Tom knows what he should be doing.
I don't think that Tom knows what he should do yet.
I don't think that Tom knows what he should do.
I don't think that Tom knows what he wants.
I don't think that Tom knows what he'll do yet.
I don't think that Tom knows what he's doing.
I don't think that Tom knows what he's going to do yet.
I don't think that Tom knows what he's going to do.
I don't think that Tom knows what he's gotten himself into.
I don't think that Tom knows what he's supposed to be doing now.
I don't think that Tom knows what he's supposed to be doing today.
I don't think that Tom knows what he's supposed to be doing.
I don't think that Tom knows what he's supposed to do.
I don't think that Tom knows what he's talking about.
I don't think that Tom knows what it's like to be in love.
I don't think that Tom knows what it's like to be poor.
I don't think that Tom knows what kind of car Mary drives.
I don't think that Tom knows what kind of music Mary likes.
I don't think that Tom knows what kind of person Mary is.
I don't think that Tom knows what kind of shoes he should buy.
I don't think that Tom knows what movie you want to watch.
I don't think that Tom knows what my blood type is.
I don't think that Tom knows what my opinion is.
I don't think that Tom knows what needs to be done.
I don't think that Tom knows what that means.
I don't think that Tom knows what the homework assignment is.
I don't think that Tom knows what time I got home last night.
I don't think that Tom knows what time I want him to meet me.
I don't think that Tom knows what time I woke up this morning.
I don't think that Tom knows what time I'm going to arrive at the station.
I don't think that Tom knows what time I'm planning to leave.
I don't think that Tom knows what time Mary got home last night.
I don't think that Tom knows what time Mary is going to arrive at the station.
I don't think that Tom knows what time Mary is planning to leave.
I don't think that Tom knows what time Mary wants him to meet her.
I don't think that Tom knows what time Mary woke up this morning.
I don't think that Tom knows what time Mary's train will be arriving.
I don't think that Tom knows what time it is.
I don't think that Tom knows what time the meeting will start.
I don't think that Tom knows what time the party is going to start.
I don't think that Tom knows what to buy.
I don't think that Tom knows what to do about that.
I don't think that Tom knows what to do either.
I don't think that Tom knows what to do.
I don't think that Tom knows what to say.
I don't think that Tom knows what went wrong.
I don't think that Tom knows what you want to do.
I don't think that Tom knows what you want to eat.
I don't think that Tom knows what you want.
I don't think that Tom knows what you're looking for.
I don't think that Tom knows what you're planning on do.
I don't think that Tom knows what you're planning to do.
I don't think that Tom knows what you've done.
I don't think that Tom knows what'll happen.
I don't think that Tom knows what's been happening here.
I don't think that Tom knows what's bothering Mary.
I don't think that Tom knows what's going on.
I don't think that Tom knows what's going to happen.
I don't think that Tom knows what's happening.
I don't think that Tom knows what's in there.
I don't think that Tom knows what's in this box.
I don't think that Tom knows what's really going on.
I don't think that Tom knows what's wrong with Mary.
I don't think that Tom knows when I did that.
I don't think that Tom knows when I want to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows when Mary came to Australia.
I don't think that Tom knows when Mary came to Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows when Mary did that.
I don't think that Tom knows when Mary got back from Australia.
I don't think that Tom knows when Mary got back from Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows when Mary wants to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows when Mary was in Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows when Mary will be back.
I don't think that Tom knows when Mary will be here.
I don't think that Tom knows when Mary will be there.
I don't think that Tom knows when Mary will leave Australia.
I don't think that Tom knows when Mary will leave Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows when Mary will leave for Australia.
I don't think that Tom knows when Mary will leave for Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows when Mary will visit Australia.
I don't think that Tom knows when Mary will visit Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows when Mary's birthday is.
I don't think that Tom knows when it happened.
I don't think that Tom knows where I live.
I don't think that Tom knows where I used to live.
I don't think that Tom knows where I want to go.
I don't think that Tom knows where I wanted to go.
I don't think that Tom knows where I was born.
I don't think that Tom knows where I went to college.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary bought her bicycle.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary bought her computer.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary bought the dress she's wearing.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary bought the dress that she's wearing.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary goes to school.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary graduated from.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary has gone.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary is going to school.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary is going.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary is now.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary is right now.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary is.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary learned French.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary learned how to drive.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary lives.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary parked her car.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary parked the car.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary put her suitcases.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary studied French.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary studies French.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary used to live.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary usually goes shopping.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary usually goes skiing.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary usually goes swimming.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary wanted to go.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary wants to eat.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary wants to go fishing.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary wants to go next weekend.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary wants to go skiing.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary wants to go swimming.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary wants to go.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary wants to live.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary was born.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary went on Monday.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary went on October 20th.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary went to college.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary went to school.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary went.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary worked when she was in Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary works.
I don't think that Tom knows where he is.
I don't think that Tom knows where he should be doing that.
I don't think that Tom knows where he should be.
I don't think that Tom knows where his keys are.
I don't think that Tom knows where his umbrella is.
I don't think that Tom knows where the post office is.
I don't think that Tom knows where to wait for Mary.
I don't think that Tom knows where you did that.
I don't think that Tom knows whether Mary can do that or not.
I don't think that Tom knows whether Mary can drive or not.
I don't think that Tom knows whether Mary can swim or not.
I don't think that Tom knows whether Mary is busy or not.
I don't think that Tom knows whether Mary is happy or not.
I don't think that Tom knows whether Mary is hungry or not.
I don't think that Tom knows whether Mary is sleepy or not.
I don't think that Tom knows whether Mary is thirsty or not.
I don't think that Tom knows whether Mary is tired or not.
I don't think that Tom knows whether Mary likes dogs or not.
I don't think that Tom knows whether Mary likes him or not.
I don't think that Tom knows whether Mary will come or not.
I don't think that Tom knows whether he can do that or not.
I don't think that Tom knows whether it's true or not.
I don't think that Tom knows whether to do that or not.
I don't think that Tom knows which way to go.
I don't think that Tom knows who Mary is.
I don't think that Tom knows who Mary went to the concert with.
I don't think that Tom knows who Mary's boyfriend is.
I don't think that Tom knows who Mary's father is.
I don't think that Tom knows who baked this cake.
I don't think that Tom knows who broke the window.
I don't think that Tom knows who built his house.
I don't think that Tom knows who can do that and who can't.
I don't think that Tom knows who did that for him.
I don't think that Tom knows who did that to Mary.
I don't think that Tom knows who did that.
I don't think that Tom knows who gave Mary that necklace.
I don't think that Tom knows who gave me this umbrella.
I don't think that Tom knows who gave that necklace to Mary.
I don't think that Tom knows who gave this umbrella to me.
I don't think that Tom knows who has to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows who he can trust anymore.
I don't think that Tom knows who he can trust.
I don't think that Tom knows who he should ask to help him.
I don't think that Tom knows who needs to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows who owns his apartment building.
I don't think that Tom knows who painted that picture.
I don't think that Tom knows who stole his bicycle.
I don't think that Tom knows who taught Mary French.
I don't think that Tom knows who to give that to.
I don't think that Tom knows who wants to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows who's going to do that for him.
I don't think that Tom knows who's going to do that with Mary.
I don't think that Tom knows who's going to do that with him.
I don't think that Tom knows who's going to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows who's going to help Mary do that.
I don't think that Tom knows who's going to help Mary.
I don't think that Tom knows who's going to help him do that.
I don't think that Tom knows who's going to help him.
I don't think that Tom knows why I did that by myself.
I don't think that Tom knows why I did that.
I don't think that Tom knows why I didn't do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why I didn't want to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why I don't like Mary.
I don't think that Tom knows why I don't like him.
I don't think that Tom knows why I don't like living in Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows why I don't like to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why I don't like to swim.
I don't think that Tom knows why I don't want to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why I had to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why I have to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why I left Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows why I like living in Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows why I need to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why I want to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why I wanted to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why I went to Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows why I'm a vegetarian.
I don't think that Tom knows why I'm planning on doing that next weekend.
I don't think that Tom knows why I'm planning to do that next weekend.
I don't think that Tom knows why I'm planning to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why I'm scared to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why I'm scared.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary and John are arguing.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary and John are fighting.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary called the police.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary did that on Monday.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary did that.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary didn't do that yesterday.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary didn't do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary didn't want to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary does that.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary doesn't eat meat.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary doesn't like John.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary doesn't like dogs.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary doesn't like him.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary doesn't like living in Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary doesn't like to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary doesn't like to swim.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary doesn't want to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary dropped out of college.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary dropped out of school.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary had to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary has been ignoring him.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary has to do that by herself.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary has to do that tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary has to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary is a vegetarian.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary is afraid of him.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary is afraid of his dog.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary is afraid to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary is afraid.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary is crying.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary is doing that by herself.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary is doing that.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary is here today.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary is here.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary is ignoring him.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary is in the hospital.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary is mad at him.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary is planning on doing that.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary is planning to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary is scared of him.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary is scared of his dog.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary is scared.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary isn't happy.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary isn't here today.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary isn't here.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary kept doing that even though he'd asked her not to.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary kept doing that.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary left Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary likes living in Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary needs to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary quit her job.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary wanted to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary wants him to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary wants him to leave.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary wants to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary was arrested.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary was crying.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary was fired.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary wasn't at his party.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary went to Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary went to the hospital.
I don't think that Tom knows why he should do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why he's here.
I don't think that Tom knows why it happened.
I don't think that Tom knows why the meeting was postponed.
I don't think that Tom knows why we couldn't do that for him.
I don't think that Tom knows why you did that alone.
I don't think that Tom knows why you did that by yourself.
I don't think that Tom knows why you did that.
I don't think that Tom knows why you didn't do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why you want me to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why you're here.
I don't think that Tom knows you as well as I do.
I don't think that Tom knows you're here.
I don't think that Tom left early.
I don't think that Tom lied about that.
I don't think that Tom lied to us, but I know Mary thinks he did.
I don't think that Tom lied to us.
I don't think that Tom lied.
I don't think that Tom liked the concert.
I don't think that Tom liked the movie.
I don't think that Tom liked the party.
I don't think that Tom liked the picnic.
I don't think that Tom liked the song that you wrote about him.
I don't think that Tom liked the song you wrote about him.
I don't think that Tom liked your song very much.
I don't think that Tom likes Boston as much as you do.
I don't think that Tom likes Mary very much.
I don't think that Tom likes Mary.
I don't think that Tom likes anybody.
I don't think that Tom likes anyone.
I don't think that Tom likes baseball as much as I do.
I don't think that Tom likes baseball.
I don't think that Tom likes blue.
I don't think that Tom likes chocolate ice cream.
I don't think that Tom likes doing that alone.
I don't think that Tom likes doing that by himself.
I don't think that Tom likes doing that.
I don't think that Tom likes doing this as much as we do.
I don't think that Tom likes hanging out with us.
I don't think that Tom likes it.
I don't think that Tom likes living here as much as I do.
I don't think that Tom likes living here.
I don't think that Tom likes living in Boston as much as Mary does.
I don't think that Tom likes me very much.
I don't think that Tom likes me.
I don't think that Tom likes spinach very much.
I don't think that Tom likes spinach.
I don't think that Tom likes swimming.
I don't think that Tom likes to do that.
I don't think that Tom likes to ski.
I don't think that Tom likes to swim.
I don't think that Tom likes watching baseball on TV.
I don't think that Tom likes you as much as you like him.
I don't think that Tom likes you the way you like him.
I don't think that Tom likes you very much.
I don't think that Tom likes you.
I don't think that Tom lives around here.
I don't think that Tom lives here.
I don't think that Tom lives in Australia anymore.
I don't think that Tom lives in Boston anymore.
I don't think that Tom looks like his brother.
I don't think that Tom loves Mary as much as she loves him.
I don't think that Tom loves me as much as I love him.
I don't think that Tom made a good decision.
I don't think that Tom made a wise decision.
I don't think that Tom made it up.
I don't think that Tom made that story up.
I don't think that Tom made the right decision.
I don't think that Tom meant it.
I don't think that Tom meant to do that.
I don't think that Tom meant what he said to Mary.
I don't think that Tom meant what he said.
I don't think that Tom misses Mary much.
I don't think that Tom misses Mary very much.
I don't think that Tom needed to be here this morning.
I don't think that Tom needed to be here.
I don't think that Tom needed to do that alone.
I don't think that Tom needed to do that by himself.
I don't think that Tom needed to do that either.
I don't think that Tom needed to do that outside.
I don't think that Tom needed to do that yesterday morning.
I don't think that Tom needed to do that.
I don't think that Tom needed to hear that.
I don't think that Tom needed to talk so loud.
I don't think that Tom needs a bodyguard.
I don't think that Tom needs a new bicycle.
I don't think that Tom needs any help.
I don't think that Tom needs any more hats.
I don't think that Tom needs any more help.
I don't think that Tom needs any more publicity.
I don't think that Tom needs much help at all.
I don't think that Tom needs our help.
I don't think that Tom needs to ask for permission.
I don't think that Tom needs to be here.
I don't think that Tom needs to do that again.
I don't think that Tom needs to do that alone.
I don't think that Tom needs to do that anymore.
I don't think that Tom needs to do that by himself.
I don't think that Tom needs to do that either.
I don't think that Tom needs to do that for Mary.
I don't think that Tom needs to do that today.
I don't think that Tom needs to do that tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom needs to do that until tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom needs to do that.
I don't think that Tom needs to show Mary how to do that.
I don't think that Tom needs to tell Mary how to do that.
I don't think that Tom needs to worry about Mary.
I don't think that Tom needs to worry about me.
I don't think that Tom needs to worry about money.
I don't think that Tom needs to worry about that.
I don't think that Tom needs to worry.
I don't think that Tom needs very much help.
I don't think that Tom noticed Mary was crying.
I don't think that Tom noticed that.
I don't think that Tom noticed we were there.
I don't think that Tom ought to do that again.
I don't think that Tom ought to do that alone.
I don't think that Tom ought to do that anymore.
I don't think that Tom ought to do that by himself.
I don't think that Tom ought to do that either.
I don't think that Tom ought to do that here.
I don't think that Tom ought to do that in the dark.
I don't think that Tom ought to do that inside.
I don't think that Tom ought to do that.
I don't think that Tom ought to have done that.
I don't think that Tom overdosed.
I don't think that Tom plays the guitar as well as Mary.
I don't think that Tom plays the oboe as well as Mary does.
I don't think that Tom plays the oboe as well as Mary.
I don't think that Tom realized just how much Mary loved him.
I don't think that Tom realizes how difficult this job is.
I don't think that Tom realizes how long it'll take to do that.
I don't think that Tom realizes how long we've spent doing that already.
I don't think that Tom realizes how rude he's being.
I don't think that Tom realizes how well Mary can speak French.
I don't think that Tom realizes how young Mary is.
I don't think that Tom realizes just how much Mary loved him.
I don't think that Tom really did that all by himself.
I don't think that Tom really did that by himself.
I don't think that Tom really did that.
I don't think that Tom really enjoyed doing that by himself.
I don't think that Tom really enjoyed doing that.
I don't think that Tom really enjoys doing that by himself.
I don't think that Tom really enjoys doing that.
I don't think that Tom really enjoys playing tennis with Mary.
I don't think that Tom really had time to do that.
I don't think that Tom really had to do that again.
I don't think that Tom really had to do that this morning.
I don't think that Tom really had to do that yesterday morning.
I don't think that Tom really had to do that yesterday.
I don't think that Tom really had to do that.
I don't think that Tom really has enough time to finish writing the report.
I don't think that Tom really has time to do that today.
I don't think that Tom really has time to help you this morning.
I don't think that Tom really has time to help.
I don't think that Tom really has to do that again.
I don't think that Tom really has to do that anymore.
I don't think that Tom really has to do that right now.
I don't think that Tom really has to do that this afternoon.
I don't think that Tom really has to do that.
I don't think that Tom really intended to do that or not.
I don't think that Tom really knew how to do that.
I don't think that Tom really knows how to do that very well.
I don't think that Tom really knows how to do that.
I don't think that Tom really liked that.
I don't think that Tom really likes doing that very much.
I don't think that Tom really meant that.
I don't think that Tom really meant to do that this morning.
I don't think that Tom really meant to do that.
I don't think that Tom really meant what he said about Mary.
I don't think that Tom really meant what he said to Mary.
I don't think that Tom really meant what he said.
I don't think that Tom really needed to do that again.
I don't think that Tom really needed to do that alone.
I don't think that Tom really needed to do that by himself.
I don't think that Tom really needed to do that yesterday morning.
I don't think that Tom really needed to do that yesterday.
I don't think that Tom really needed to do that.
I don't think that Tom really needs to do that again.
I don't think that Tom really needs to do that anymore.
I don't think that Tom really needs to do that by himself.
I don't think that Tom really needs to do that today.
I don't think that Tom really needs to do that.
I don't think that Tom really overdosed.
I don't think that Tom really planned on doing that.
I don't think that Tom really planned to do that.
I don't think that Tom really plans on doing that this week.
I don't think that Tom really plans to do that this week.
I don't think that Tom really plans to do that.
I don't think that Tom really said that.
I don't think that Tom really wanted to do that.
I don't think that Tom really wants to do that again.
I don't think that Tom really wants to do that anymore.
I don't think that Tom really wants to do that by himself.
I don't think that Tom really wants to do that here.
I don't think that Tom really wants to do that today.
I don't think that Tom really wants to do that.
I don't think that Tom really wants to know what we did.
I don't think that Tom really wants to know.
I don't think that Tom really would enjoy doing that.
I don't think that Tom recognized me.
I don't think that Tom remembers me.
I don't think that Tom remembers what happened.
I don't think that Tom rides his motorcycle anymore.
I don't think that Tom said anything about that.
I don't think that Tom said anything.
I don't think that Tom said that.
I don't think that Tom saw us doing that.
I don't think that Tom saw us.
I don't think that Tom saw what we were doing.
I don't think that Tom sees it that way.
I don't think that Tom shot Mary.
I don't think that Tom should ask Mary to do that.
I don't think that Tom should be doing that.
I don't think that Tom should be here today.
I don't think that Tom should be here.
I don't think that Tom should be the captain of our team.
I don't think that Tom should do that again.
I don't think that Tom should do that alone.
I don't think that Tom should do that anymore.
I don't think that Tom should do that by himself.
I don't think that Tom should do that either.
I don't think that Tom should do that outside.
I don't think that Tom should do that.
I don't think that Tom should drive home since he's been drinking.
I don't think that Tom should eat so much junk food.
I don't think that Tom should go back to Australia.
I don't think that Tom should go back to Boston.
I don't think that Tom should go out by himself after dark.
I don't think that Tom should go outside today.
I don't think that Tom should go there by car.
I don't think that Tom should sing.
I don't think that Tom should worry so much.
I don't think that Tom should've done that alone.
I don't think that Tom should've done that by himself.
I don't think that Tom should've done that.
I don't think that Tom should've left as early as he did.
I don't think that Tom should've left early.
I don't think that Tom should've let Mary do that by herself.
I don't think that Tom should've let Mary do that yesterday.
I don't think that Tom should've let Mary do that.
I don't think that Tom should've said that.
I don't think that Tom sold anything.
I don't think that Tom speaks French as well as I do.
I don't think that Tom speaks French as well as Mary does.
I don't think that Tom speaks French as well as Mary.
I don't think that Tom speaks French.
I don't think that Tom still does that.
I don't think that Tom studied very much for the last test.
I don't think that Tom suffered.
I don't think that Tom told Mary anything.
I don't think that Tom told Mary the truth about what happened.
I don't think that Tom told Mary the truth.
I don't think that Tom told the truth.
I don't think that Tom told us the truth.
I don't think that Tom took us seriously.
I don't think that Tom tried hard enough.
I don't think that Tom trusts Mary.
I don't think that Tom trusts many people.
I don't think that Tom trusts very many people.
I don't think that Tom understands French.
I don't think that Tom understands me.
I don't think that Tom understands that.
I don't think that Tom understands what you're saying.
I don't think that Tom understands what's going on.
I don't think that Tom understands.
I don't think that Tom understood me.
I don't think that Tom understood that.
I don't think that Tom understood the instructions.
I don't think that Tom understood what I was saying.
I don't think that Tom understood what he needed to do.
I don't think that Tom understood what was going on.
I don't think that Tom understood what was happening.
I don't think that Tom understood what we wanted him to do.
I don't think that Tom understood.
I don't think that Tom usually does that.
I don't think that Tom wanted Mary to do that by herself.
I don't think that Tom wanted Mary to do that.
I don't think that Tom wanted to do that alone.
I don't think that Tom wanted to do that by himself.
I don't think that Tom wanted to do that yesterday.
I don't think that Tom wanted to do that.
I don't think that Tom wanted to go with us yesterday.
I don't think that Tom wanted to say anything.
I don't think that Tom wanted to show us the pictures on his smartphone.
I don't think that Tom wanted to talk about that.
I don't think that Tom wanted us to do that.
I don't think that Tom wants any help doing that.
I don't think that Tom wants any help.
I don't think that Tom wants that to happen.
I don't think that Tom wants to be my friend anymore.
I don't think that Tom wants to do that again.
I don't think that Tom wants to do that alone.
I don't think that Tom wants to do that anymore.
I don't think that Tom wants to do that by himself.
I don't think that Tom wants to do that either.
I don't think that Tom wants to do that here.
I don't think that Tom wants to do that right now.
I don't think that Tom wants to do that this morning.
I don't think that Tom wants to do that tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom wants to do that with Mary.
I don't think that Tom wants to do that.
I don't think that Tom wants to eat lunch with us.
I don't think that Tom wants to eat with us.
I don't think that Tom wants to go swimming today.
I don't think that Tom wants to go swimming with me.
I don't think that Tom wants to go swimming with us.
I don't think that Tom wants to go to Australia with Mary.
I don't think that Tom wants to go to Australia with me.
I don't think that Tom wants to go to Boston with Mary.
I don't think that Tom wants to go.
I don't think that Tom wants to leave today.
I don't think that Tom wants to leave.
I don't think that Tom wants to see Mary.
I don't think that Tom wants to see me.
I don't think that Tom wants to see you again.
I don't think that Tom wants to see you anymore.
I don't think that Tom wants to see you.
I don't think that Tom wants to sing with us tonight.
I don't think that Tom wants to sing with us.
I don't think that Tom wants to spend any more time in Australia.
I don't think that Tom wants to spend any more time in Boston.
I don't think that Tom wants to talk about Mary.
I don't think that Tom wants to talk to Mary about that.
I don't think that Tom was absent.
I don't think that Tom was afraid.
I don't think that Tom was alone.
I don't think that Tom was amused by what was going on.
I don't think that Tom was amused.
I don't think that Tom was angry.
I don't think that Tom was annoyed.
I don't think that Tom was as busy today as he was yesterday.
I don't think that Tom was as generous as he should've been.
I don't think that Tom was asleep.
I don't think that Tom was at home.
I don't think that Tom was awake.
I don't think that Tom was barefoot.
I don't think that Tom was being fair.
I don't think that Tom was being honest.
I don't think that Tom was being sarcastic.
I don't think that Tom was being sincere.
I don't think that Tom was being truthful.
I don't think that Tom was being unfair.
I don't think that Tom was bored.
I don't think that Tom was boring.
I don't think that Tom was busy today.
I don't think that Tom was busy yesterday.
I don't think that Tom was busy.
I don't think that Tom was careful enough.
I don't think that Tom was confused.
I don't think that Tom was correct.
I don't think that Tom was curious.
I don't think that Tom was depressed.
I don't think that Tom was determined to do that.
I don't think that Tom was disappointed with the results.
I don't think that Tom was disappointed.
I don't think that Tom was disrespectful.
I don't think that Tom was doing that.
I don't think that Tom was done.
I don't think that Tom was downstairs.
I don't think that Tom was drunk.
I don't think that Tom was early.
I don't think that Tom was embarrassed.
I don't think that Tom was engaged at that time.
I don't think that Tom was excited.
I don't think that Tom was exhausted.
I don't think that Tom was expecting Mary to do that for him.
I don't think that Tom was expecting you to do that for Mary.
I don't think that Tom was expecting you to do that for him.
I don't think that Tom was expecting you to do that.
I don't think that Tom was fair.
I don't think that Tom was finished doing that by 2:30.
I don't think that Tom was first.
I don't think that Tom was frightened by that.
I don't think that Tom was frightened.
I don't think that Tom was glad that happened.
I don't think that Tom was glad that that happened.
I don't think that Tom was happy.
I don't think that Tom was having fun.
I don't think that Tom was helpful.
I don't think that Tom was here at that time.
I don't think that Tom was here.
I don't think that Tom was hesitant to do that.
I don't think that Tom was hiding.
I don't think that Tom was home on Monday.
I don't think that Tom was home on October 20th.
I don't think that Tom was home.
I don't think that Tom was honest.
I don't think that Tom was hungry.
I don't think that Tom was hurt.
I don't think that Tom was impressed.
I don't think that Tom was in Australia last week.
I don't think that Tom was in Australia.
I don't think that Tom was in Boston last week.
I don't think that Tom was in Boston.
I don't think that Tom was in.
I don't think that Tom was intentionally being disrespectful.
I don't think that Tom was interested in doing that.
I don't think that Tom was interested.
I don't think that Tom was intimidated.
I don't think that Tom was intoxicated.
I don't think that Tom was intrigued.
I don't think that Tom was involved in that incident.
I don't think that Tom was involved in the scandal.
I don't think that Tom was involved.
I don't think that Tom was jealous.
I don't think that Tom was joking about that.
I don't think that Tom was joking.
I don't think that Tom was kidding about that.
I don't think that Tom was kidding.
I don't think that Tom was late.
I don't think that Tom was listening very carefully.
I don't think that Tom was lying about that.
I don't think that Tom was lying to me.
I don't think that Tom was lying to us.
I don't think that Tom was lying to you.
I don't think that Tom was lying.
I don't think that Tom was mad.
I don't think that Tom was married at that time.
I don't think that Tom was mistaken about that.
I don't think that Tom was mistaken.
I don't think that Tom was motivated to do that.
I don't think that Tom was motivated.
I don't think that Tom was nervous.
I don't think that Tom was offended by that.
I don't think that Tom was offended.
I don't think that Tom was particularly pleased to see me.
I don't think that Tom was pleased.
I don't think that Tom was prepared for that.
I don't think that Tom was prepared to do that.
I don't think that Tom was prepared.
I don't think that Tom was present at today's meeting.
I don't think that Tom was present.
I don't think that Tom was ready to do that.
I don't think that Tom was ready.
I don't think that Tom was reasonable.
I don't think that Tom was respectful enough.
I don't think that Tom was responsible for what happened.
I don't think that Tom was right.
I don't think that Tom was satisfied with the results.
I don't think that Tom was satisfied.
I don't think that Tom was scared.
I don't think that Tom was serious about that.
I don't think that Tom was serious.
I don't think that Tom was shocked when he saw that happening.
I don't think that Tom was shocked.
I don't think that Tom was shy.
I don't think that Tom was sincere.
I don't think that Tom was sleepy.
I don't think that Tom was so busy today.
I don't think that Tom was stubborn.
I don't think that Tom was successful.
I don't think that Tom was supportive enough.
I don't think that Tom was surprised.
I don't think that Tom was sympathetic.
I don't think that Tom was talking about me.
I don't think that Tom was telling the truth.
I don't think that Tom was tempted to do that.
I don't think that Tom was tempted.
I don't think that Tom was the first one here today.
I don't think that Tom was the first one to do that.
I don't think that Tom was the first one to fall asleep.
I don't think that Tom was the one who did that.
I don't think that Tom was the one who stole my bicycle.
I don't think that Tom was the one who stole my wallet.
I don't think that Tom was thirsty.
I don't think that Tom was through doing that.
I don't think that Tom was tired.
I don't think that Tom was truthful.
I don't think that Tom was trying to escape.
I don't think that Tom was unfair.
I don't think that Tom was upset.
I don't think that Tom was very happy to see me.
I don't think that Tom was very happy.
I don't think that Tom was worried.
I don't think that Tom was wrong.
I don't think that Tom will actually do that.
I don't think that Tom will admit he doesn't know how to do that.
I don't think that Tom will admit that he doesn't know how to do that.
I don't think that Tom will agree to do that.
I don't think that Tom will agree with you.
I don't think that Tom will agree.
I don't think that Tom will allow Mary to do that.
I don't think that Tom will allow me to do that.
I don't think that Tom will allow us to do that.
I don't think that Tom will allow you to do that.
I don't think that Tom will ask me to do that.
I don't think that Tom will back.
I don't think that Tom will be able to come tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom will be able to convince Mary to do that.
I don't think that Tom will be able to convince Mary to stop doing that.
I don't think that Tom will be able to do that again.
I don't think that Tom will be able to do that by himself.
I don't think that Tom will be able to do that very well.
I don't think that Tom will be able to do that without our help.
I don't think that Tom will be able to do that without some help.
I don't think that Tom will be able to do that.
I don't think that Tom will be able to do what you're asking him to do.
I don't think that Tom will be able to help us do that next week.
I don't think that Tom will be able to help us.
I don't think that Tom will be able to talk Mary into doing that.
I don't think that Tom will be able to understand that.
I don't think that Tom will be able to walk for two or three days.
I don't think that Tom will be absent.
I don't think that Tom will be afraid.
I don't think that Tom will be allowed to do that again.
I don't think that Tom will be allowed to do that today.
I don't think that Tom will be allowed to do that.
I don't think that Tom will be alone.
I don't think that Tom will be amused by what's going on.
I don't think that Tom will be amused.
I don't think that Tom will be angry.
I don't think that Tom will be annoyed.
I don't think that Tom will be arrested.
I don't think that Tom will be as busy as he thinks he'll be.
I don't think that Tom will be as busy as you think he'll be.
I don't think that Tom will be as busy today as he was yesterday.
I don't think that Tom will be as careful as he should be.
I don't think that Tom will be as careless the next time he does that.
I don't think that Tom will be as enthusiastic about doing that as you seem to be.
I don't think that Tom will be as grouchy today as he was yesterday.
I don't think that Tom will be as picky as Mary usually is.
I don't think that Tom will be as stubborn this time as he was the last time.
I don't think that Tom will be asleep when we get there.
I don't think that Tom will be asleep.
I don't think that Tom will be at home this afternoon.
I don't think that Tom will be at home tonight.
I don't think that Tom will be at school today.
I don't think that Tom will be at school tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom will be at today's meeting.
I don't think that Tom will be awake at this time of night.
I don't think that Tom will be awake now.
I don't think that Tom will be awake when I get home.
I don't think that Tom will be awake when you get home.
I don't think that Tom will be back before 2:30.
I don't think that Tom will be back by 2:30.
I don't think that Tom will be back in time for dinner.
I don't think that Tom will be back soon.
I don't think that Tom will be back until tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom will be back.
I don't think that Tom will be barefoot.
I don't think that Tom will be bored.
I don't think that Tom will be busy next week.
I don't think that Tom will be busy this afternoon.
I don't think that Tom will be busy tomorrow afternoon.
I don't think that Tom will be busy tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom will be busy.
I don't think that Tom will be by himself.
I don't think that Tom will be careless this time.
I don't think that Tom will be careless.
I don't think that Tom will be cold.
I don't think that Tom will be coming back.
I don't think that Tom will be coming in this morning.
I don't think that Tom will be coming to Australia with me.
I don't think that Tom will be confused.
I don't think that Tom will be cooperative.
I don't think that Tom will be difficult to get along with.
I don't think that Tom will be discouraged.
I don't think that Tom will be discreet.
I don't think that Tom will be disobedient.
I don't think that Tom will be doing that again.
I don't think that Tom will be doing that alone.
I don't think that Tom will be doing that anymore.
I don't think that Tom will be doing that anytime soon.
I don't think that Tom will be doing that by himself.
I don't think that Tom will be doing that today.
I don't think that Tom will be doing that with Mary.
I don't think that Tom will be doing that with me.
I don't think that Tom will be doing that.
I don't think that Tom will be early.
I don't think that Tom will be embarrassed.
I don't think that Tom will be excited.
I don't think that Tom will be fair.
I don't think that Tom will be finished by 2:30.
I don't think that Tom will be finished doing that by 2:30.
I don't think that Tom will be fired, at least not this week.
I don't think that Tom will be fired.
I don't think that Tom will be first.
I don't think that Tom will be forgiven for doing that.
I don't think that Tom will be forgiven.
I don't think that Tom will be frightened.
I don't think that Tom will be furious.
I don't think that Tom will be glad that's going to happen.
I don't think that Tom will be going to Australia with Mary.
I don't think that Tom will be going to Boston with Mary.
I don't think that Tom will be gone by the time we get there.
I don't think that Tom will be here early.
I don't think that Tom will be here on time.
I don't think that Tom will be here this morning.
I don't think that Tom will be here today.
I don't think that Tom will be here tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom will be here until 2:30.
I don't think that Tom will be here until after 2:30.
I don't think that Tom will be here.
I don't think that Tom will be hesitant to do that.
I don't think that Tom will be home on Monday.
I don't think that Tom will be home on October 20th.
I don't think that Tom will be home this evening.
I don't think that Tom will be honest.
I don't think that Tom will be hungry.
I don't think that Tom will be impatient.
I don't think that Tom will be impressed by what Mary did.
I don't think that Tom will be impressed.
I don't think that Tom will be in Australia next spring.
I don't think that Tom will be in Australia next summer.
I don't think that Tom will be in Australia next week.
I don't think that Tom will be in Australia next winter.
I don't think that Tom will be in Australia.
I don't think that Tom will be in Boston next spring.
I don't think that Tom will be in Boston next summer.
I don't think that Tom will be in Boston next week.
I don't think that Tom will be in Boston next winter.
I don't think that Tom will be in Boston.
I don't think that Tom will be in his office on Monday.
I don't think that Tom will be in his office on October 20th.
I don't think that Tom will be in his office tomorrow morning.
I don't think that Tom will be interested in doing that.
I don't think that Tom will be interested.
I don't think that Tom will be jealous.
I don't think that Tom will be last.
I don't think that Tom will be late the next time.
I don't think that Tom will be late.
I don't think that Tom will be lonely.
I don't think that Tom will be mad at you.
I don't think that Tom will be mad.
I don't think that Tom will be more careful the next time he does that.
I don't think that Tom will be motivated to do that.
I don't think that Tom will be nervous about that.
I don't think that Tom will be nervous doing that.
I don't think that Tom will be nervous.
I don't think that Tom will be obedient.
I don't think that Tom will be overwhelmed.
I don't think that Tom will be permitted to do that.
I don't think that Tom will be picky.
I don't think that Tom will be prepared to do that.
I don't think that Tom will be prepared.
I don't think that Tom will be present at today's meeting.
I don't think that Tom will be present.
I don't think that Tom will be punctual.
I don't think that Tom will be punished for doing that.
I don't think that Tom will be punished.
I don't think that Tom will be ready to do that until next year.
I don't think that Tom will be ready to do that.
I don't think that Tom will be ready to leave when we get there.
I don't think that Tom will be ready.
I don't think that Tom will be reasonable.
I don't think that Tom will be reluctant to do that.
I don't think that Tom will be safe here.
I don't think that Tom will be scared.
I don't think that Tom will be sleeping when we get there.
I don't think that Tom will be strict.
I don't think that Tom will be stubborn.
I don't think that Tom will be successful.
I don't think that Tom will be surprised that happened.
I don't think that Tom will be surprised that that happened.
I don't think that Tom will be surprised.
I don't think that Tom will be suspicious.
I don't think that Tom will be sympathetic.
I don't think that Tom will be tempted to do that.
I don't think that Tom will be the first one to do that.
I don't think that Tom will be the first one to fall asleep.
I don't think that Tom will be the first one to leave.
I don't think that Tom will be the last one here.
I don't think that Tom will be the last one to do that.
I don't think that Tom will be the next one to do that.
I don't think that Tom will be there.
I don't think that Tom will be thrilled about that.
I don't think that Tom will be thrilled about what happened.
I don't think that Tom will be thrilled.
I don't think that Tom will be through doing that yet.
I don't think that Tom will be tired.
I don't think that Tom will be too much help.
I don't think that Tom will be too tired to go dancing.
I don't think that Tom will be truthful.
I don't think that Tom will be up at this time of night.
I don't think that Tom will be upset about that.
I don't think that Tom will be upset.
I don't think that Tom will be using his umbrella today.
I don't think that Tom will be using this.
I don't think that Tom will be worried about us.
I don't think that Tom will be worried.
I don't think that Tom will believe Mary.
I don't think that Tom will believe it.
I don't think that Tom will believe that really happened.
I don't think that Tom will believe us.
I don't think that Tom will buy that for you.
I don't think that Tom will care whether I do that or not.
I don't think that Tom will change.
I don't think that Tom will come back.
I don't think that Tom will come in this morning.
I don't think that Tom will come to school today.
I don't think that Tom will come to the party.
I don't think that Tom will come tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom will come.
I don't think that Tom will cry.
I don't think that Tom will do that by himself.
I don't think that Tom will do that for Mary.
I don't think that Tom will do that next week.
I don't think that Tom will do that today.
I don't think that Tom will do that tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom will do that with Mary.
I don't think that Tom will do that with you.
I don't think that Tom will do that.
I don't think that Tom will do what we asked him to do.
I don't think that Tom will enjoy doing that as much as he thinks he will.
I don't think that Tom will enjoy doing that as much as he thinks that he will.
I don't think that Tom will enjoy doing that.
I don't think that Tom will ever be able to do that.
I don't think that Tom will ever come back to Australia.
I don't think that Tom will ever come back.
I don't think that Tom will ever do that again.
I don't think that Tom will ever forgive Mary for doing that.
I don't think that Tom will ever forgive me for doing that.
I don't think that Tom will ever forgive me.
I don't think that Tom will ever get over the loss of his wife.
I don't think that Tom will ever start doing that.
I don't think that Tom will ever stop doing that.
I don't think that Tom will find a girlfriend for himself in the foreseeable future.
I don't think that Tom will forget that.
I don't think that Tom will forget this.
I don't think that Tom will forget to do that.
I don't think that Tom will get fired, at least not this week.
I don't think that Tom will get fired.
I don't think that Tom will get here on time.
I don't think that Tom will get the job, because he doesn't have enough experience.
I don't think that Tom will give it back.
I don't think that Tom will give us any trouble.
I don't think that Tom will give you the keys.
I don't think that Tom will go to Australia next month.
I don't think that Tom will go to Australia next weekend.
I don't think that Tom will go to Australia with Mary next month.
I don't think that Tom will go to Boston next weekend.
I don't think that Tom will go to Boston with us next weekend.
I don't think that Tom will have any problem doing that.
I don't think that Tom will have any problems.
I don't think that Tom will have that problem.
I don't think that Tom will have the time to do that today.
I don't think that Tom will have the time to do that with us today.
I don't think that Tom will have to do that alone.
I don't think that Tom will have to do that by himself.
I don't think that Tom will have to do that.
I don't think that Tom will hear us.
I don't think that Tom will help me with my homework.
I don't think that Tom will help us.
I don't think that Tom will hurt Mary.
I don't think that Tom will kiss Mary.
I don't think that Tom will know how to do that.
I don't think that Tom will know whether he can do that or not until he tries doing it.
I don't think that Tom will like Australia.
I don't think that Tom will like Boston.
I don't think that Tom will like Mary.
I don't think that Tom will like doing that alone.
I don't think that Tom will like doing that by himself.
I don't think that Tom will like doing that.
I don't think that Tom will like me.
I don't think that Tom will like that.
I don't think that Tom will like the soup I made.
I don't think that Tom will like the soup that I made.
I don't think that Tom will like this cake.
I don't think that Tom will like this game.
I don't think that Tom will like this place.
I don't think that Tom will like this.
I don't think that Tom will like you.
I don't think that Tom will likely be able to do that very well.
I don't think that Tom will likely cry.
I don't think that Tom will likely do that anytime soon.
I don't think that Tom will likely do that.
I don't think that Tom will likely win.
I don't think that Tom will listen to you.
I don't think that Tom will lose.
I don't think that Tom will make it.
I don't think that Tom will mind.
I don't think that Tom will need our help.
I don't think that Tom will need to do that.
I don't think that Tom will need your help.
I don't think that Tom will notice.
I don't think that Tom will pass today's history test.
I don't think that Tom will permit Mary to do that.
I don't think that Tom will permit me to do that.
I don't think that Tom will permit you to do that.
I don't think that Tom will put up much of a fight.
I don't think that Tom will really do that.
I don't think that Tom will really win.
I don't think that Tom will refuse to do that.
I don't think that Tom will remember me.
I don't think that Tom will resign.
I don't think that Tom will say yes.
I don't think that Tom will sing with us tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom will sing.
I don't think that Tom will stay much longer.
I don't think that Tom will stay very long.
I don't think that Tom will study French next year.
I don't think that Tom will swim tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom will swim.
I don't think that Tom will tell anybody.
I don't think that Tom will tell anyone.
I don't think that Tom will try to do that.
I don't think that Tom will understand that.
I don't think that Tom will wait for Mary.
I don't think that Tom will wait until tomorrow to do that.
I don't think that Tom will wait very long.
I don't think that Tom will want to do that by himself.
I don't think that Tom will want to do that.
I don't think that Tom will want to go drinking with us.
I don't think that Tom will want to go to Australia with you.
I don't think that Tom will want to go to Boston with you.
I don't think that Tom will want to go to the zoo with us.
I don't think that Tom will want to go with us.
I don't think that Tom will want your old bicycle.
I don't think that Tom will win.
I don't think that Tom works as hard as Mary does.
I don't think that Tom works as hard as Mary.
I don't think that Tom would actually do that.
I don't think that Tom would agree to do that.
I don't think that Tom would agree to that.
I don't think that Tom would agree with you.
I don't think that Tom would agree.
I don't think that Tom would allow Mary to do that on her own even if she were a little older.
I don't think that Tom would allow Mary to do that on her own.
I don't think that Tom would allow Mary to do that.
I don't think that Tom would allow me to do that here.
I don't think that Tom would allow me to do that.
I don't think that Tom would allow you to do that by yourself.
I don't think that Tom would allow you to do that.
I don't think that Tom would approve.
I don't think that Tom would be able to convince Mary to stop doing that.
I don't think that Tom would be able to do that even if he tried.
I don't think that Tom would be able to do that without our help.
I don't think that Tom would be able to do that.
I don't think that Tom would be able to figure out how to do that.
I don't think that Tom would be able to help us.
I don't think that Tom would be absent if he weren't sick.
I don't think that Tom would be afraid of something like this.
I don't think that Tom would be afraid to do that if you did it with him.
I don't think that Tom would be afraid to do that.
I don't think that Tom would be amused by what's going on.
I don't think that Tom would be angry if you did that without him.
I don't think that Tom would be angry if you did that.
I don't think that Tom would be annoyed.
I don't think that Tom would be bored if you told him about your trip.
I don't think that Tom would be broke all the time if he'd spend his money more carefully.
I don't think that Tom would be busy.
I don't think that Tom would be concerned about that.
I don't think that Tom would be crazy enough to do something like that.
I don't think that Tom would be discouraged.
I don't think that Tom would be doing that if he didn't have to.
I don't think that Tom would be doing that if he didn't need to.
I don't think that Tom would be doing that if he didn't want to.
I don't think that Tom would be embarrassed by something like that.
I don't think that Tom would be foolish enough to do something like that.
I don't think that Tom would be foolish enough to do that.
I don't think that Tom would be frightened by that.
I don't think that Tom would be glad if that happened.
I don't think that Tom would be happy doing that.
I don't think that Tom would be here if he didn't have to be.
I don't think that Tom would be here if he didn't need to be.
I don't think that Tom would be here if he didn't want to be.
I don't think that Tom would be hesitant to do that.
I don't think that Tom would be impressed by what you did.
I don't think that Tom would be impressed.
I don't think that Tom would be interested in buying any of Mary's paintings.
I don't think that Tom would be interested in doing that.
I don't think that Tom would be interested.
I don't think that Tom would be jealous.
I don't think that Tom would be late unless he had a very good reason.
I don't think that Tom would be mad if you did that without him.
I don't think that Tom would be mad if you did that.
I don't think that Tom would be motivated to do that.
I don't think that Tom would be nervous doing that.
I don't think that Tom would be opposed to doing that.
I don't think that Tom would be reluctant to do that.
I don't think that Tom would be so busy.
I don't think that Tom would be stupid enough to do something like that.
I don't think that Tom would be stupid enough to do that alone.
I don't think that Tom would be stupid enough to do that by himself.
I don't think that Tom would be stupid enough to do that.
I don't think that Tom would be surprised if I did that.
I don't think that Tom would be surprised if Mary did that.
I don't think that Tom would be surprised if you did that.
I don't think that Tom would be tempted to do that.
I don't think that Tom would be upset if I did that.
I don't think that Tom would be welcomed.
I don't think that Tom would be willing to do that.
I don't think that Tom would be willing to help us do that.
I don't think that Tom would be willing to help us.
I don't think that Tom would be willing to lend his car to us.
I don't think that Tom would be willing to lend me his guitar.
I don't think that Tom would be willing to lend me his new bicycle.
I don't think that Tom would be willing to lend us his car.
I don't think that Tom would be willing to show me how to do that.
I don't think that Tom would be worried about something like that.
I don't think that Tom would care if I did that now.
I don't think that Tom would care if I did that with him.
I don't think that Tom would care if I did that without him.
I don't think that Tom would care if I did that.
I don't think that Tom would care if Mary did that by herself.
I don't think that Tom would care if Mary did that.
I don't think that Tom would care if you did that by yourself.
I don't think that Tom would care if you did that today.
I don't think that Tom would care if you did that.
I don't think that Tom would deny it.
I don't think that Tom would do something like that.
I don't think that Tom would do such a thing.
I don't think that Tom would do that by himself.
I don't think that Tom would do that either.
I don't think that Tom would do that for you.
I don't think that Tom would do that on purpose.
I don't think that Tom would do that with you.
I don't think that Tom would do that.
I don't think that Tom would do this kind of thing.
I don't think that Tom would do this.
I don't think that Tom would do what you said he did.
I don't think that Tom would enjoy doing that.
I don't think that Tom would enjoy this movie.
I don't think that Tom would ever be able to do that.
I don't think that Tom would ever consider doing that.
I don't think that Tom would ever do something like that.
I don't think that Tom would ever do that again.
I don't think that Tom would ever do that kind of thing.
I don't think that Tom would ever do that.
I don't think that Tom would ever forget you.
I don't think that Tom would ever leave Mary.
I don't think that Tom would ever leave his wife.
I don't think that Tom would ever let me read his diary.
I don't think that Tom would ever marry someone like Mary.
I don't think that Tom would ever really do that.
I don't think that Tom would ever say something like that.
I don't think that Tom would forget to do that.
I don't think that Tom would have fun doing that.
I don't think that Tom would have the courage to do that.
I don't think that Tom would help Mary do that.
I don't think that Tom would help me do that.
I don't think that Tom would help me with my homework.
I don't think that Tom would help us do that.
I don't think that Tom would hire a private detective.
I don't think that Tom would leave his wife.
I don't think that Tom would let Mary do that.
I don't think that Tom would let Mary drive.
I don't think that Tom would let Mary win.
I don't think that Tom would let me borrow his car.
I don't think that Tom would let me do that.
I don't think that Tom would let me drive his new sports car.
I don't think that Tom would let me drive.
I don't think that Tom would let me help him.
I don't think that Tom would let me kiss him.
I don't think that Tom would let me ride his horse.
I don't think that Tom would let me win.
I don't think that Tom would let you do that by yourself.
I don't think that Tom would let you do that.
I don't think that Tom would let you drive his car.
I don't think that Tom would let you win.
I don't think that Tom would lie to me.
I don't think that Tom would lie to you.
I don't think that Tom would lie.
I don't think that Tom would like Australia.
I don't think that Tom would like Boston.
I don't think that Tom would like doing that.
I don't think that Tom would like it if I did that.
I don't think that Tom would like it if Mary did that.
I don't think that Tom would like it if we did that.
I don't think that Tom would like it very much if I used his electric beard trimmer without his permission.
I don't think that Tom would like living here very much.
I don't think that Tom would like living here.
I don't think that Tom would like that.
I don't think that Tom would like to do that.
I don't think that Tom would likely do that.
I don't think that Tom would make a very good boss.
I don't think that Tom would make a very good husband.
I don't think that Tom would make a very good teacher.
I don't think that Tom would mind buying that for you.
I don't think that Tom would mind doing that for you.
I don't think that Tom would mind doing that.
I don't think that Tom would mind helping you.
I don't think that Tom would mind if I used his bicycle.
I don't think that Tom would mind if we did that.
I don't think that Tom would mind if you did that.
I don't think that Tom would mind it if you did that.
I don't think that Tom would mind it if you stayed for a couple of days.
I don't think that Tom would mind showing you how to do that.
I don't think that Tom would mind.
I don't think that Tom would notice that.
I don't think that Tom would permit Mary to do that.
I don't think that Tom would permit me to do that.
I don't think that Tom would permit you to do that.
I don't think that Tom would really do that.
I don't think that Tom would really want that.
I don't think that Tom would really want to do that.
I don't think that Tom would remember me.
I don't think that Tom would still be angry.
I don't think that Tom would still be awake.
I don't think that Tom would still be downstairs.
I don't think that Tom would still be jealous.
I don't think that Tom would still be mad.
I don't think that Tom would still be nervous.
I don't think that Tom would still be willing to do that.
I don't think that Tom would try to do that without our help.
I don't think that Tom would try to kill us.
I don't think that Tom would understand it.
I don't think that Tom would understand.
I don't think that Tom would walk all the way out here.
I don't think that Tom would want to do that.
I don't think that Tom would want to go to Australia with you.
I don't think that Tom would want to go to Boston with you.
I don't think that Tom would want to sing.
I don't think that Tom would've allowed you to do that.
I don't think that Tom would've done that for me.
I don't think that Tom would've done that if Mary hadn't been there.
I don't think that Tom would've done that.
I don't think that Tom would've had the courage to do that.
I don't think that Tom would've let me do that.
I don't think that Tom would've let you do that.
I don't think that Tom would've permitted you to do that.
I don't think that Tom would've said that to Mary.
I don't think that Tom would've said that.
I don't think that Tom would've swum by himself.
I don't think that Tom would've tried doing that by himself.
I don't think that Tom would've tried to do that by himself.
I don't think that Tom wrote anything.
I don't think that Tom's French pronunciation is very good.
I don't think that Tom's concert was very good.
I don't think that Tom's jokes are funny.
I don't think that Tom's jokes are particularly funny.
I don't think that Tom's jokes are very funny.
I don't think that Tom's performance was very good.
I don't think that Tom's plan is feasible.
I don't think that Tom's speech was very good.
I don't think that Tom's story is true.
I don't think that Ukraine's army can prevail.
I don't think that Ziri was that sentimental about animals.
I don't think that a native French speaker would say it that way.
I don't think that a native speaker would ever say it that way.
I don't think that able-bodied people that choose not to contribute should be rewarded, but I think there should be more support for people that want to make a living.
I don't think that actually happened.
I don't think that an exception should be made.
I don't think that any more students want to come.
I don't think that any of the people over there are women.
I don't think that any of them know.
I don't think that any of this is appropriate.
I don't think that any of this is important.
I don't think that any of us are happy about what happened.
I don't think that any of us should do that.
I don't think that any of us should go.
I don't think that any of us will get rich doing this.
I don't think that any of you realize the importance of this.
I don't think that any of you realize the significance of this.
I don't think that anybody can do that.
I don't think that anybody can do this.
I don't think that anybody can help me anymore.
I don't think that anybody can help me now.
I don't think that anybody could do that.
I don't think that anybody could survive that.
I don't think that anybody could've done better than you did.
I don't think that anybody could've done that better than you did.
I don't think that anybody could've stopped Tom.
I don't think that anybody disputes that.
I don't think that anybody does that anymore.
I don't think that anybody does that.
I don't think that anybody else could do my job.
I don't think that anybody else has noticed.
I don't think that anybody else noticed what Tom was doing.
I don't think that anybody else noticed you crying.
I don't think that anybody else noticed.
I don't think that anybody else wants to come.
I don't think that anybody else wants to do that today.
I don't think that anybody else wants to do that.
I don't think that anybody has ever done something like this before.
I don't think that anybody has ever done this before.
I don't think that anybody has lived in this house for years.
I don't think that anybody has told Tom what to do yet.
I don't think that anybody has told Tom what to do.
I don't think that anybody has told Tom yet.
I don't think that anybody has tried doing it that way before.
I don't think that anybody has tried doing that before.
I don't think that anybody has tried that before.
I don't think that anybody has tried to do it that way before.
I don't think that anybody has tried to do that before.
I don't think that anybody knows about that yet.
I don't think that anybody knows the answer.
I don't think that anybody knows yet.
I don't think that anybody noticed what I was doing.
I don't think that anybody noticed what Tom did.
I don't think that anybody noticed what Tom was doing.
I don't think that anybody noticed what we did.
I don't think that anybody noticed what we were doing.
I don't think that anybody noticed what you did.
I don't think that anybody noticed what you were doing.
I don't think that anybody notices what Tom does.
I don't think that anybody really expected you to be here.
I don't think that anybody really expected you to help.
I don't think that anybody really knows the real me.
I don't think that anybody really thought Tom was as rich as he said he was.
I don't think that anybody really thought Tom was busy.
I don't think that anybody really thought Tom was happy.
I don't think that anybody really thought that Tom was as rich as he said he was.
I don't think that anybody really thought that Tom was busy.
I don't think that anybody really thought that Tom was happy.
I don't think that anybody really understands me.
I don't think that anybody really wants to do that.
I don't think that anybody saw us do that.
I don't think that anybody saw us doing that.
I don't think that anybody saw us.
I don't think that anybody suspected that you weren't Tom.
I don't think that anybody suspected that you weren't really Tom.
I don't think that anybody suspected you weren't Tom.
I don't think that anybody suspected you weren't really Tom.
I don't think that anybody thinks you're crazy.
I don't think that anybody wants to do that.
I don't think that anybody was frustrated.
I don't think that anybody was here yesterday.
I don't think that anybody was satisfied.
I don't think that anybody will like Tom.
I don't think that anybody would agree to do that.
I don't think that anybody would agree with that statement.
I don't think that anybody would consider Tom good-looking.
I don't think that anybody would disagree with that statement.
I don't think that anybody would do that.
I don't think that anybody would really do that.
I don't think that anybody would wait that long.
I don't think that anybody would want to read this book more than once.
I don't think that anybody would want to see that movie more than once.
I don't think that anybody's going to help you.
I don't think that anybody's lived in this house in a long time.
I don't think that anyone can do that.
I don't think that anyone can do this.
I don't think that anyone can help me anymore.
I don't think that anyone can help me now.
I don't think that anyone could do that.
I don't think that anyone could have done better than you did.
I don't think that anyone could have stopped Tom.
I don't think that anyone could survive that.
I don't think that anyone could've done better than you did.
I don't think that anyone could've done that better than you did.
I don't think that anyone could've stopped Tom.
I don't think that anyone disputes that.
I don't think that anyone does that anymore.
I don't think that anyone does that.
I don't think that anyone else could do my job.
I don't think that anyone else has noticed.
I don't think that anyone else noticed what Tom was doing.
I don't think that anyone else noticed.
I don't think that anyone else wants to come.
I don't think that anyone else wants to do that today.
I don't think that anyone else wants to do that.
I don't think that anyone has ever done something like this before.
I don't think that anyone has ever done this before.
I don't think that anyone has lived in this house for years.
I don't think that anyone has told Tom what to do yet.
I don't think that anyone has told Tom what to do.
I don't think that anyone has told Tom yet.
I don't think that anyone has tried doing it that way before.
I don't think that anyone has tried doing that before.
I don't think that anyone has tried that before.
I don't think that anyone has tried to do it that way before.
I don't think that anyone has tried to do that before.
I don't think that anyone knows about that yet.
I don't think that anyone knows yet.
I don't think that anyone noticed what I was doing.
I don't think that anyone noticed what Tom did.
I don't think that anyone noticed what Tom was doing.
I don't think that anyone noticed what we did.
I don't think that anyone noticed what we were doing.
I don't think that anyone noticed what you did.
I don't think that anyone noticed what you were doing.
I don't think that anyone notices what Tom does.
I don't think that anyone really expected you to be here.
I don't think that anyone really expected you to help.
I don't think that anyone really knows the real me.
I don't think that anyone really thought Tom was as rich as he said he was.
I don't think that anyone really thought Tom was busy.
I don't think that anyone really thought Tom was happy.
I don't think that anyone really thought that Tom was as rich as he said he was.
I don't think that anyone really thought that Tom was busy.
I don't think that anyone really thought that Tom was happy.
I don't think that anyone really understands me.
I don't think that anyone really wants to do that.
I don't think that anyone saw us do that.
I don't think that anyone saw us doing that.
I don't think that anyone saw us.
I don't think that anyone suspected that you weren't Tom.
I don't think that anyone suspected that you weren't really Tom.
I don't think that anyone suspected you weren't Tom.
I don't think that anyone suspected you weren't really Tom.
I don't think that anyone thinks you're crazy.
I don't think that anyone wants to do that.
I don't think that anyone was frustrated.
I don't think that anyone was here yesterday.
I don't think that anyone was satisfied.
I don't think that anyone will like Tom.
I don't think that anyone would agree to do that.
I don't think that anyone would agree with that statement.
I don't think that anyone would consider Tom good-looking.
I don't think that anyone would disagree with that statement.
I don't think that anyone would do that.
I don't think that anyone would really do that.
I don't think that anyone would wait that long.
I don't think that anyone would want to read this book more than once.
I don't think that anyone would want to see that movie more than once.
I don't think that anyone's going to help you.
I don't think that anyone's lived in this house in a long time.
I don't think that anything bad is going to happen.
I don't think that anything bad will happen.
I don't think that anything can be done about that.
I don't think that anything can be done.
I don't think that anything changes.
I don't think that anything is broken.
I don't think that anything is missing.
I don't think that anything will change.
I don't think that anything would change if I did that.
I don't think that anything's broken.
I don't think that anything's going to change.
I don't think that at all.
I don't think that banks are open today.
I don't think that being poor is anything to be ashamed of.
I don't think that branch can support your weight.
I don't think that can be fixed.
I don't think that can happen.
I don't think that cell phones can cause cancer.
I don't think that changes anything.
I don't think that changing that would be a good idea.
I don't think that children should be here.
I don't think that children should drink beer.
I don't think that could happen.
I don't think that country is dangerous. You can go there without fear.
I don't think that counts.
I don't think that doing it that way would be fair.
I don't think that doing that is a bad idea.
I don't think that doing that is a good idea.
I don't think that doing that is a very good idea.
I don't think that doing that is much fun.
I don't think that doing that is necessary.
I don't think that doing that is such a good idea.
I don't think that doing that will be easy.
I don't think that doing that will solve the problem.
I don't think that doing that would be OK.
I don't think that doing that would be a bad idea.
I don't think that doing that would be a good idea.
I don't think that doing that would be a very good idea.
I don't think that doing that would be any fun.
I don't think that doing that would be dangerous.
I don't think that doing that would be fun.
I don't think that doing that would be good.
I don't think that doing that would be impolite.
I don't think that doing that would be much fun.
I don't think that doing that would be rude.
I don't think that doing that would be safe.
I don't think that doing that would be such a bad idea.
I don't think that doing that would be such a good idea.
I don't think that doing that would be worth our time.
I don't think that doing that's a bad idea.
I don't think that doing that's a good idea.
I don't think that doing that's a very good idea.
I don't think that doing that's necessary.
I don't think that either Tom or Mary has ever been in love.
I don't think that either Tom or Mary has ever done that.
I don't think that either Tom or Mary is ever going to get married.
I don't think that either Tom or Mary will do that today.
I don't think that either Tom or Mary will do that.
I don't think that either of us wants that to happen.
I don't think that enough is being done.
I don't think that even Tom could do that.
I don't think that everybody gave up.
I don't think that everybody has given up.
I don't think that everybody here has done that.
I don't think that everybody is here yet.
I don't think that everybody knows what to do.
I don't think that everyone gave up.
I don't think that everyone has given up.
I don't think that everyone here has done that.
I don't think that everyone is here yet.
I don't think that everyone knows what to do.
I don't think that game's much fun.
I don't think that giving Tom a knife was a good idea.
I don't think that happened the way Tom said it did.
I don't think that happened the way he said it did.
I don't think that happened.
I don't think that has anything to do with it.
I don't think that he cares about me.
I don't think that he is sincere.
I don't think that he knows Hebrew.
I don't think that he will come.
I don't think that he'll come.
I don't think that he's honest.
I don't think that he's right.
I don't think that heuristic will work.
I don't think that his performance was any good.
I don't think that his proposals amount to much.
I don't think that his story is true.
I don't think that if the Japanese were white people with blond hair and blue eyes, the US would have bombed them with nuclear weapons in 1945.
I don't think that incident requires any further explanation.
I don't think that interests him.
I don't think that is helpful.
I don't think that is necessary.
I don't think that it affects us.
I don't think that it can get any worse.
I don't think that it can happen.
I don't think that it ever worked.
I don't think that it ever works.
I don't think that it helps.
I don't think that it hurts Tom.
I don't think that it is a good idea to do that.
I don't think that it is possible to generalise about a whole nation and say how all Japanese people are.
I don't think that it makes a huge difference.
I don't think that it makes much difference.
I don't think that it mattered.
I don't think that it matters anymore.
I don't think that it matters who does that.
I don't think that it matters.
I don't think that it means anything.
I don't think that it really matters who does that as long as it gets done.
I don't think that it really matters who does that.
I don't think that it really matters who does this as long as it gets done.
I don't think that it really matters who does this.
I don't think that it was Tom and Mary.
I don't think that it was Tom's fault.
I don't think that it was a mistake.
I don't think that it was an accident.
I don't think that it was fair for Tom to get all the money.
I don't think that it was fair for Tom to get paid while the rest of us worked for free.
I don't think that it was fair.
I don't think that it was my fault.
I don't think that it was what we did that made Tom angry.
I don't think that it will rain this afternoon.
I don't think that it will rain tomorrow.
I don't think that it will rain, but I'll take an umbrella in case.
I don't think that it works like that.
I don't think that it works that way.
I don't think that it would be a good idea to do that by ourselves.
I don't think that it would be a good idea to do that by yourself.
I don't think that it would be a good idea to do that.
I don't think that it would be a good idea to translate this sentence.
I don't think that it would be a good idea.
I don't think that it would be a problem to do that.
I don't think that it would be a smart idea to do that by ourselves.
I don't think that it would be a smart idea to do that by yourself.
I don't think that it would be a smart idea to do that.
I don't think that it would be cheap to do that.
I don't think that it would be dangerous to do that.
I don't think that it would be difficult to do that.
I don't think that it would be easy to do that.
I don't think that it would be ethical to do that.
I don't think that it would be expensive to do that.
I don't think that it would be fair.
I don't think that it would be hard to do that.
I don't think that it would be impossible to do that.
I don't think that it would be interesting to do that.
I don't think that it would be legal to do that.
I don't think that it would be possible to do that.
I don't think that it would be risky to do that.
I don't think that it would be rude to do that.
I don't think that it would be safe for Tom to do that by himself.
I don't think that it would be safe for Tom to do that.
I don't think that it would be safe to do that.
I don't think that it would be stupid to do that.
I don't think that it would be unsafe to do that.
I don't think that it would be wise to argue with Tom.
I don't think that it would be wise to do that by ourselves.
I don't think that it would be wise to do that by yourself.
I don't think that it would be wise to do that today.
I don't think that it would be wise to do that with Tom.
I don't think that it would be wise to do that.
I don't think that it would be wise to interfere.
I don't think that it would be wrong to do that.
I don't think that it would have worked between me and her.
I don't think that it would make sense to do that.
I don't think that it would take more than 15 minutes to clean your room.
I don't think that it would work as well as you might expect.
I don't think that it'll be all that difficult.
I don't think that it'll be any problem to do that.
I don't think that it'll be any problem.
I don't think that it'll be cold tomorrow.
I don't think that it'll be difficult for Tom to do that.
I don't think that it'll be difficult for you to do that.
I don't think that it'll be difficult to do that.
I don't think that it'll be difficult to for me do that.
I don't think that it'll be easy for Tom to do that.
I don't think that it'll be easy for me do that.
I don't think that it'll be easy for you to do that.
I don't think that it'll be easy to do that.
I don't think that it'll be easy.
I don't think that it'll be hard for Tom to do that.
I don't think that it'll be hard for you to do that.
I don't think that it'll be hard to do that.
I don't think that it'll be hard to for me do that.
I don't think that it'll be hot tomorrow.
I don't think that it'll be possible to do that without some help.
I don't think that it'll be possible to do that.
I don't think that it'll be possible to get this ink stain out.
I don't think that it'll be that easy to do that.
I don't think that it'll be that easy.
I don't think that it'll be too hot this afternoon.
I don't think that it'll be too hot.
I don't think that it'll be too long before we see Tom again.
I don't think that it'll come to that.
I don't think that it'll get better.
I don't think that it'll happen again.
I don't think that it'll happen.
I don't think that it'll make much difference.
I don't think that it'll rain this afternoon.
I don't think that it'll rain tomorrow.
I don't think that it'll rain, but I'll take an umbrella in case.
I don't think that it'll rain, but I'll take an umbrella just in case it does.
I don't think that it'll rain, but I'll take an umbrella with me, just in case.
I don't think that it'll rain.
I don't think that it'll snow this afternoon.
I don't think that it'll snow tomorrow.
I don't think that it'll snow.
I don't think that it'll take long for me to fix that for you.
I don't think that it'll take long for me to fix that.
I don't think that it'll take long for us to do that.
I don't think that it'll take long for us to paint this fence.
I don't think that it'll take long to do that.
I don't think that it'll take long to fix that for you.
I don't think that it'll take long to fix that.
I don't think that it'll take long to paint this fence.
I don't think that it'll take long wash the car.
I don't think that it'll take long.
I don't think that it'll take very long to do that for you.
I don't think that it'll take very long to do that if you help me.
I don't think that it'll take very long to do that.
I don't think that it'll take very long to paint your bicycle.
I don't think that it'll work out.
I don't think that it'll work.
I don't think that it's Tom who's the problem.
I don't think that it's Tom's fault.
I don't think that it's Tom.
I don't think that it's a bad idea.
I don't think that it's a bad thing.
I don't think that it's a big deal.
I don't think that it's a big problem.
I don't think that it's a coincidence that Tom and Mary are both here.
I don't think that it's a coincidence.
I don't think that it's a difficult decision.
I don't think that it's a good decision.
I don't think that it's a good idea for you to go out at night by yourself.
I don't think that it's a good idea for you to go to Australia by yourself.
I don't think that it's a good idea for you to go to Boston by yourself.
I don't think that it's a good idea for you to hang out with Tom.
I don't think that it's a good idea to do that.
I don't think that it's a good idea.
I don't think that it's a hard decision.
I don't think that it's a problem anymore.
I don't think that it's a problem.
I don't think that it's a trend.
I don't think that it's a trick.
I don't think that it's a very good idea for you to go out at night by yourself.
I don't think that it's a very good idea for you to go to Boston by yourself.
I don't think that it's a very good idea for you to hang out with Tom.
I don't think that it's a very good idea to do that here.
I don't think that it's a very good idea to do that now.
I don't think that it's a very good idea to do that with Tom.
I don't think that it's a very good idea to do that.
I don't think that it's a very good idea.
I don't think that it's a wolf.
I don't think that it's any of my business.
I don't think that it's any of your business.
I don't think that it's anybody's fault.
I don't think that it's anyone's fault.
I don't think that it's anything major.
I don't think that it's anything to laugh about.
I don't think that it's anything to worry about.
I don't think that it's anything we need to worry about.
I don't think that it's as important as Tom thinks it is.
I don't think that it's cold.
I don't think that it's convincing.
I don't think that it's dangerous for you to do that.
I don't think that it's dangerous.
I don't think that it's ethical for you to do that.
I don't think that it's even possible.
I don't think that it's fair at all.
I don't think that it's fair to single Tom out.
I don't think that it's fair to single out Tom.
I don't think that it's fair.
I don't think that it's funny at all.
I don't think that it's funny.
I don't think that it's going to be difficult to convince Tom to do that.
I don't think that it's going to be difficult to convince Tom to help us.
I don't think that it's going to be difficult to convince Tom.
I don't think that it's going to be difficult to do that.
I don't think that it's going to be difficult to find Tom.
I don't think that it's going to be easy to convince Tom to do that.
I don't think that it's going to be easy to convince Tom.
I don't think that it's going to be easy to do that.
I don't think that it's going to be easy to find Tom.
I don't think that it's going to be easy.
I don't think that it's going to be hard to convince Tom to do that.
I don't think that it's going to be hard to convince Tom to help us.
I don't think that it's going to be hard to convince Tom.
I don't think that it's going to be hard to do that.
I don't think that it's going to be hard to find Tom.
I don't think that it's going to be that easy.
I don't think that it's going to be that simple.
I don't think that it's going to happen that way.
I don't think that it's going to happen today.
I don't think that it's going to happen tonight.
I don't think that it's going to happen.
I don't think that it's going to hurt.
I don't think that it's going to rain this evening.
I don't think that it's going to rain today.
I don't think that it's going to work out.
I don't think that it's good for Tom to go alone.
I don't think that it's good.
I don't think that it's important for Tom to attend today's meeting.
I don't think that it's important for us to do that.
I don't think that it's important.
I don't think that it's impossible.
I don't think that it's just a stunt.
I don't think that it's just me who disagrees with Tom.
I don't think that it's just me who thinks that what Tom is doing is wrong.
I don't think that it's just me who thinks what Tom is doing is wrong.
I don't think that it's just me.
I don't think that it's likely Tom will be here today.
I don't think that it's likely Tom will come over this time of night.
I don't think that it's likely Tom will do that.
I don't think that it's likely Tom will drive all the way to Boston by himself.
I don't think that it's likely Tom will help us do that tomorrow.
I don't think that it's likely Tom will help us do that.
I don't think that it's likely Tom will help us.
I don't think that it's likely Tom will know the answer.
I don't think that it's likely Tom will show us how to do that.
I don't think that it's likely Tom will tell Mary about what happened.
I don't think that it's likely Tom will tell us the truth about what happened.
I don't think that it's likely Tom will tell us the truth.
I don't think that it's likely Tom will tell us what to do.
I don't think that it's likely Tom will want to do that.
I don't think that it's likely that Tom will be here today.
I don't think that it's likely that Tom will come over this time of night.
I don't think that it's likely that Tom will do that.
I don't think that it's likely that Tom will drive all the way to Boston by himself.
I don't think that it's likely that Tom will help us do that tomorrow.
I don't think that it's likely that Tom will help us do that.
I don't think that it's likely that Tom will help us.
I don't think that it's likely that Tom will know the answer.
I don't think that it's likely that Tom will show us how to do that.
I don't think that it's likely that Tom will tell Mary about what happened.
I don't think that it's likely that Tom will tell us the truth about what happened.
I don't think that it's likely that Tom will tell us the truth.
I don't think that it's likely that Tom will tell us what to do.
I don't think that it's likely that Tom will want to do that.
I don't think that it's likely to rain tomorrow.
I don't think that it's my decision alone.
I don't think that it's my fault.
I don't think that it's necessary for Tom to do that.
I don't think that it's necessary for me to sound like a native speaker. I just want to be able to speak fluently.
I don't think that it's necessary for us to do that.
I don't think that it's necessary for us to do this.
I don't think that it's necessary for you to do that.
I don't think that it's necessary to do that.
I don't think that it's necessary.
I don't think that it's odd at all.
I don't think that it's odd.
I don't think that it's over yet.
I don't think that it's over.
I don't think that it's possible for you to do that.
I don't think that it's possible to clean up this ink stain.
I don't think that it's possible to do that.
I don't think that it's possible to do this without some help.
I don't think that it's possible to do this.
I don't think that it's possible to get this ink stain out.
I don't think that it's possible.
I don't think that it's really broken.
I don't think that it's reasonable.
I don't think that it's right.
I don't think that it's safe for Tom to do that.
I don't think that it's safe for you to do that.
I don't think that it's safe to go out at night by yourself.
I don't think that it's safe to go out at night.
I don't think that it's safe to go out in this kind of weather.
I don't think that it's safe to swim here.
I don't think that it's serious.
I don't think that it's silly for you to do that.
I don't think that it's smart for you to do that.
I don't think that it's so strange.
I don't think that it's strange at all.
I don't think that it's strange.
I don't think that it's such a bad idea.
I don't think that it's such a big deal.
I don't think that it's such a big problem.
I don't think that it's that bad.
I don't think that it's that easy.
I don't think that it's that simple.
I don't think that it's time.
I don't think that it's too bad.
I don't think that it's too late to do that.
I don't think that it's too serious.
I don't think that it's true that Tom hates foreigners.
I don't think that it's true.
I don't think that it's unethical for you to do that.
I don't think that it's unreasonable.
I don't think that it's up to us to decide.
I don't think that it's up to you to decide.
I don't think that it's very funny.
I don't think that it's very likely Tom will be here today.
I don't think that it's very likely Tom will come over this time of night.
I don't think that it's very likely Tom will do that.
I don't think that it's very likely Tom will drive all the way to Boston by himself.
I don't think that it's very likely Tom will help us do that tomorrow.
I don't think that it's very likely Tom will help us do that.
I don't think that it's very likely Tom will help us.
I don't think that it's very likely Tom will know the answer.
I don't think that it's very likely Tom will show us how to do that.
I don't think that it's very likely Tom will tell Mary about what happened.
I don't think that it's very likely Tom will tell us the truth about what happened.
I don't think that it's very likely Tom will tell us the truth.
I don't think that it's very likely Tom will tell us what to do.
I don't think that it's very likely Tom will want to do that.
I don't think that it's very likely that Tom will be here today.
I don't think that it's very likely that Tom will come over this time of night.
I don't think that it's very likely that Tom will do that.
I don't think that it's very likely that Tom will drive all the way to Boston by himself.
I don't think that it's very likely that Tom will help us do that tomorrow.
I don't think that it's very likely that Tom will help us do that.
I don't think that it's very likely that Tom will help us.
I don't think that it's very likely that Tom will know the answer.
I don't think that it's very likely that Tom will show us how to do that.
I don't think that it's very likely that Tom will tell Mary about what happened.
I don't think that it's very likely that Tom will tell us the truth about what happened.
I don't think that it's very likely that Tom will tell us the truth.
I don't think that it's very likely that Tom will tell us what to do.
I don't think that it's very likely that Tom will want to do that.
I don't think that it's weird at all.
I don't think that it's wise for you to do that.
I don't think that it's wise to do that here.
I don't think that it's wise to do that now.
I don't think that it's worth it.
I don't think that it's worth the price that they're asking.
I don't think that it's worth the price that you paid for it.
I don't think that it's worth the price they're asking.
I don't think that it's worth the price you paid for it.
I don't think that it's your fault.
I don't think that makes any sense.
I don't think that makes sense.
I don't think that many people can say they are satisfied with their salary.
I don't think that many people can say they're satisfied with their salary.
I don't think that many people liked that movie.
I don't think that many people will come.
I don't think that many people will do that.
I don't think that married people should have secrets from each other.
I don't think that matters much, Tom.
I don't think that matters much.
I don't think that men are more interested in sex than women.
I don't think that mobile phones can cause cancer.
I don't think that most of us could do what Tom did.
I don't think that my Berber is very good.
I don't think that my French is very good.
I don't think that my ex-girlfriend and I'd ever start dating again.
I don't think that my father is gonna come home
I don't think that my gift meant very much to Tom.
I don't think that my life is boring.
I don't think that my life is easy.
I don't think that my life is very interesting.
I don't think that our French teacher is a very good teacher.
I don't think that people should do that.
I don't think that person over there is a woman.
I don't think that post offices are open today.
I don't think that prices will go down.
I don't think that reading novels is a waste of time.
I don't think that really happened.
I don't think that really we want to know all the gory details.
I don't think that she cares about me.
I don't think that she is working.
I don't think that she knows Hebrew.
I don't think that she looks like her mother.
I don't think that she understands it.
I don't think that she will come.
I don't think that she'll come.
I don't think that should be done.
I don't think that so, but I'm not sure.
I don't think that somebody will translate this.
I don't think that something like that would embarrass Tom.
I don't think that story is true.
I don't think that such an insult necessitates a response.
I don't think that surprised Tom.
I don't think that technology provides us with everything we need.
I don't think that television will take the place of books.
I don't think that that actually happened.
I don't think that that branch can support your weight.
I don't think that that can be fixed.
I don't think that that can happen.
I don't think that that changes anything.
I don't think that that could happen.
I don't think that that counts.
I don't think that that game's much fun.
I don't think that that happened the way Tom said it did.
I don't think that that happened.
I don't think that that has anything to do with it.
I don't think that that makes any sense.
I don't think that that matters much, Tom.
I don't think that that matters much.
I don't think that that person over there is a woman.
I don't think that that really happened.
I don't think that that should be done.
I don't think that that story is true.
I don't think that that was Tom.
I don't think that that was a coincidence.
I don't think that that was a fair ruling.
I don't think that that was a wise decision.
I don't think that that was intentional.
I don't think that that was the problem.
I don't think that that was the right thing to do.
I don't think that that was what Tom said.
I don't think that that was your fault.
I don't think that that will fly.
I don't think that that works.
I don't think that that would be a good idea.
I don't think that that would be a great idea.
I don't think that that would be appropriate.
I don't think that that would be good.
I don't think that that would be much fun.
I don't think that that would be such a good idea.
I don't think that that would be the right thing to do.
I don't think that that would be wise.
I don't think that that would bother Tom too much.
I don't think that that would cost much.
I don't think that that would cost very much.
I don't think that that would ever happen.
I don't think that that'll be a problem.
I don't think that that'll be necessary.
I don't think that that'll be possible at all.
I don't think that that'll be worth the effort.
I don't think that that'll bother Tom.
I don't think that that'll continue.
I don't think that that'll do any good.
I don't think that that'll ever happen again.
I don't think that that'll ever happen.
I don't think that that'll fly.
I don't think that that'll happen again.
I don't think that that'll happen anymore.
I don't think that that'll happen anytime soon.
I don't think that that'll happen to us.
I don't think that that'll happen today.
I don't think that that'll happen until tomorrow.
I don't think that that'll happen.
I don't think that that'll make much difference.
I don't think that that'll still be a problem.
I don't think that that'll work.
I don't think that that's French.
I don't think that that's Tom's handwriting.
I don't think that that's Tom's.
I don't think that that's a coincidence.
I don't think that that's a factor.
I don't think that that's a good idea right now.
I don't think that that's a good idea.
I don't think that that's a good investment.
I don't think that that's a good reason.
I don't think that that's a real diamond.
I don't think that that's a real word.
I don't think that that's a reasonable request.
I don't think that that's a typo.
I don't think that that's a very good idea.
I don't think that that's acceptable.
I don't think that that's accurate.
I don't think that that's allowed here.
I don't think that that's allowed.
I don't think that that's an exception.
I don't think that that's an option.
I don't think that that's anybody I know.
I don't think that that's anybody that I know.
I don't think that that's anyone I know.
I don't think that that's anyone that I know.
I don't think that that's appropriate.
I don't think that that's been decided yet.
I don't think that that's correct.
I don't think that that's enough.
I don't think that that's even possible.
I don't think that that's exactly what Tom agreed to do.
I don't think that that's fair at all.
I don't think that that's fair.
I don't think that that's funny at all.
I don't think that that's funny.
I don't think that that's going to ever happen.
I don't think that that's going to happen soon.
I don't think that that's going to happen today.
I don't think that that's going to happen.
I don't think that that's going to stop Tom.
I don't think that that's going to work.
I don't think that that's helping.
I don't think that that's legal.
I don't think that that's likely to happen.
I don't think that that's mine.
I don't think that that's necessary yet.
I don't think that that's necessary.
I don't think that that's possible.
I don't think that that's quite right.
I don't think that that's quite true.
I don't think that that's realistic.
I don't think that that's relevant.
I don't think that that's right.
I don't think that that's strange.
I don't think that that's such a big deal.
I don't think that that's such a big problem.
I don't think that that's such a good idea, Tom.
I don't think that that's such a good idea.
I don't think that that's the answer.
I don't think that that's the case.
I don't think that that's the plan.
I don't think that that's the point.
I don't think that that's the problem.
I don't think that that's the reason.
I don't think that that's the right call.
I don't think that that's the right way to do that.
I don't think that that's the safest way to do that.
I don't think that that's the solution.
I don't think that that's the way it works.
I don't think that that's the whole story.
I don't think that that's true at all.
I don't think that that's true.
I don't think that that's very funny.
I don't think that that's very likely to happen.
I don't think that that's what I need.
I don't think that that's what Tom meant at all.
I don't think that that's what Tom meant.
I don't think that that's what Tom said.
I don't think that that's what people really think that.
I don't think that that's what people really think.
I don't think that that's what we should be doing.
I don't think that that's what you intended to do.
I don't think that that's what you intended.
I don't think that that's what you should be doing.
I don't think that that's what you wanted to do.
I don't think that that's what's causing the problem.
I don't think that that's why Tom isn't here.
I don't think that that's why Tom left.
I don't think that that's wise.
I don't think that that's yours.
I don't think that the Giants will be the champions this year.
I don't think that the Giants will win this year.
I don't think that the Jewish settlers of the West Bank should be evacuated from that land. What needs to be done is the ending the apartheid system and allowing the Palestinian refugees back into their homeland, including those who were expelled in 1948.
I don't think that the bank is open yet.
I don't think that the gun is loaded, but you should still be very careful.
I don't think that the jury believed Tom.
I don't think that the pain will ever completely go away.
I don't think that the police will ever catch Tom.
I don't think that the political Islamic movements have a vision for Palestine that is going to work.
I don't think that the post office is open yet.
I don't think that the roses will bloom anytime soon.
I don't think that the roses will bloom so soon.
I don't think that the way I feel about Tom will ever change.
I don't think that the weather will clear up anytime soon.
I don't think that the weather will clear up.
I don't think that the zoo is open today.
I don't think that their plan will work.
I don't think that there is a doctor here.
I don't think that there is any better way to learn English than by living in America.
I don't think that there is any excuse for Tom's behavior.
I don't think that there is any way I can do that.
I don't think that there is any way I can help.
I don't think that there is any way I can win this triathlon.
I don't think that there is life on Mars.
I don't think that there should be any problem doing that.
I don't think that there should be any problems.
I don't think that there was any harm done.
I don't think that there was anybody who wasn't frustrated.
I don't think that there was anyone who wasn't frustrated.
I don't think that there will be any problems.
I don't think that there'll be any problem.
I don't think that there's a doctor here.
I don't think that there's a problem.
I don't think that there's any beer in the refrigerator.
I don't think that there's any better way to learn English than by living in America.
I don't think that there's any better way to lose your culture than to move to America.
I don't think that there's any chance I'll get there on time.
I don't think that there's any chance Tom will believe that.
I don't think that there's any chance Tom will help you.
I don't think that there's any chance our team will win.
I don't think that there's any chance that I'll get there on time.
I don't think that there's any chance that Tom will believe that.
I don't think that there's any chance that Tom will help you.
I don't think that there's any chance that our team will win.
I don't think that there's any correlation.
I don't think that there's any harm in telling you about what we did.
I don't think that there's any harm in telling you now.
I don't think that there's any harm in telling you what Tom did.
I don't think that there's any harm in telling you what happened.
I don't think that there's any life on Mars.
I don't think that there's any more beer.
I don't think that there's any need for Tom to attend the meeting.
I don't think that there's any need for Tom to come to the office today.
I don't think that there's any need for Tom to do that.
I don't think that there's any need for me to attend the meeting.
I don't think that there's any need for you to explain.
I don't think that there's any point in discussing this any further.
I don't think that there's any point in discussing this at this time.
I don't think that there's any point in discussing this matter with you.
I don't think that there's any point in discussing this right now.
I don't think that there's any point in discussing this today.
I don't think that there's any point in discussing this with Tom.
I don't think that there's any point in discussing this.
I don't think that there's any reason Tom has to do that.
I don't think that there's any reason Tom needs to do that.
I don't think that there's any reason that Tom has to do that.
I don't think that there's any reason that Tom needs to do that.
I don't think that there's any reason why Tom has to do that today.
I don't think that there's any reason why Tom has to do that.
I don't think that there's any reason why Tom needs to do that by himself.
I don't think that there's any reason why Tom needs to do that today.
I don't think that there's any reason why Tom needs to do that.
I don't think that there's any risk of losing today.
I don't think that there's any significant damage.
I don't think that there's any sugar left.
I don't think that there's any way I can do that by myself.
I don't think that there's any way I can do that today.
I don't think that there's any way I can do that without Tom's help.
I don't think that there's any way I can do that without some help.
I don't think that there's any way I can do that without your help.
I don't think that there's any way I can do that.
I don't think that there's any way I can get there on time.
I don't think that there's any way I can get this report done on time.
I don't think that there's any way I can help you do that.
I don't think that there's any way I can help you.
I don't think that there's any way I can help.
I don't think that there's any way Tom can do that.
I don't think that there's any way Tom could do that.
I don't think that there's any way out of here.
I don't think that there's any way out of this one.
I don't think that there's anybody in the classroom.
I don't think that there's anybody in the world who's done what I've done.
I don't think that there's anybody there.
I don't think that there's anybody who hates Tom.
I don't think that there's anyone in the classroom.
I don't think that there's anyone in the world who's done what I've done.
I don't think that there's anyone there.
I don't think that there's anyone who hates Tom.
I don't think that there's anything in the box.
I don't think that there's anything left to fix.
I don't think that there's anything there.
I don't think that there's anything to worry about.
I don't think that there's anything we can do.
I don't think that there's enough room in the canoe for all three of us.
I don't think that there's going to be any food left by the time we get to Tom's party.
I don't think that there's life on Mars.
I don't think that there's much chance of that happening.
I don't think that there's much to worry about.
I don't think that there's very much to worry about.
I don't think that these are Tom's and Mary's umbrellas.
I don't think that these guys really want to hear Tom sing.
I don't think that these ink stains will come off.
I don't think that they actually get much of a discount.
I don't think that they are valuable just because they have a large crop, but I'm glad when they sprout in great numbers - even when they are poison mushrooms.
I don't think that they believe us.
I don't think that they believed us.
I don't think that they could understand French.
I don't think that they did this.
I don't think that they dislike me.
I don't think that they expected us to arrive so early.
I don't think that they heard us.
I don't think that they like me.
I don't think that they liked me.
I don't think that they need me.
I don't think that they will come back.
I don't think that they would've done anything.
I don't think that they'll accept these conditions.
I don't think that they'll accept these terms and conditions.
I don't think that they'll allow Tom to do that.
I don't think that they'll allow me to do that.
I don't think that they'll allow you to do that.
I don't think that they'll let me do that.
I don't think that they'll permit Tom to do that.
I don't think that they'll permit me to do that.
I don't think that they'll permit you to do that.
I don't think that they're bad people.
I don't think that they're capable of doing that.
I don't think that they're coming back.
I don't think that they're complaining.
I don't think that they're married.
I don't think that they're planning on doing that.
I don't think that they're safe.
I don't think that they're teachers.
I don't think that they're who they say they are.
I don't think that they've found out about Tom yet.
I don't think that they've seen us.
I don't think that things can get any worse.
I don't think that things will change anytime soon.
I don't think that things will change.
I don't think that things will end well.
I don't think that things will stay that way.
I don't think that things will stay the way they are.
I don't think that this armchair is comfortable.
I don't think that this car was made in Germany.
I don't think that this chain will stand the strain.
I don't think that this changes anything.
I don't think that this city is as safe as it used to be.
I don't think that this food is fit to eat.
I don't think that this has anything to do with Tom.
I don't think that this is French.
I don't think that this is Tom's hat.
I don't think that this is Tom's umbrella.
I don't think that this is a coincidence.
I don't think that this is a fake.
I don't think that this is a good idea.
I don't think that this is a good time to do this.
I don't think that this is a good time to talk to Tom.
I don't think that this is a problem.
I don't think that this is a real diamond.
I don't think that this is a setback.
I don't think that this is a very good idea.
I don't think that this is an appropriate time to discuss this.
I don't think that this is an exception.
I don't think that this is an unreasonable request to make.
I don't think that this is an unreasonable request.
I don't think that this is any of your business.
I don't think that this is anything you'd be interested in.
I don't think that this is as funny as you think it is.
I don't think that this is correct.
I don't think that this is enough food for three people.
I don't think that this is enough food to feed all of us.
I don't think that this is enough.
I don't think that this is exactly what we need.
I don't think that this is for you.
I don't think that this is funny.
I don't think that this is going to be a problem anymore.
I don't think that this is going to be much fun.
I don't think that this is going to help any.
I don't think that this is going to work out.
I don't think that this is going to work.
I don't think that this is helping anything.
I don't think that this is how it's done.
I don't think that this is how we should be doing this.
I don't think that this is how we're supposed to be doing this.
I don't think that this is interesting at all.
I don't think that this is interesting.
I don't think that this is necessary.
I don't think that this is normal.
I don't think that this is real.
I don't think that this is realistic.
I don't think that this is really necessary.
I don't think that this is right.
I don't think that this is such a big deal.
I don't think that this is such a good idea.
I don't think that this is the best solution.
I don't think that this is the best time for us to talk.
I don't think that this is the best time to talk to Tom.
I don't think that this is the best way to do this.
I don't think that this is the end.
I don't think that this is the one I lost.
I don't think that this is the one that I lost.
I don't think that this is the only way to do this.
I don't think that this is the problem at all.
I don't think that this is the right one.
I don't think that this is the right way to do this.
I don't think that this is the time or place to discuss this.
I don't think that this is very funny.
I don't think that this is very interesting.
I don't think that this is what he would have wanted.
I don't think that this is what you think it is.
I don't think that this is working out.
I don't think that this is working.
I don't think that this kind of cheese is very expensive.
I don't think that this makes any sense.
I don't think that this makes much sense.
I don't think that this makes sense.
I don't think that this makes very much sense.
I don't think that this movie is interesting.
I don't think that this movie is very interesting.
I don't think that this old car will make it to the top of the hill.
I don't think that this rain will let up anytime soon.
I don't think that this rain will let up.
I don't think that this sentence is grammatically correct.
I don't think that this shirt goes with that red tie.
I don't think that this shirt suits a red tie.
I don't think that this stain will come out.
I don't think that this was such a good idea.
I don't think that this weather will hold.
I don't think that this will be enough money.
I don't think that those damn batteries are in this damn drawer.
I don't think that traveling by train is as safe as it used to be.
I don't think that very many people will do that.
I don't think that was Tom.
I don't think that was a coincidence.
I don't think that was a fair ruling.
I don't think that was a wise decision.
I don't think that was done all the way.
I don't think that was how we were supposed to do that.
I don't think that was intentional.
I don't think that was me.
I don't think that was necessary.
I don't think that was the problem.
I don't think that was the real reason that they divorced.
I don't think that was the right thing to do.
I don't think that was the way we were supposed to do that.
I don't think that was what Tom said.
I don't think that was your fault.
I don't think that way.
I don't think that we can afford it now.
I don't think that we can afford to buy a car right now.
I don't think that we can come to your party.
I don't think that we can do anything about that.
I don't think that we can do anything for Tom.
I don't think that we can do anything right now.
I don't think that we can do it that soon.
I don't think that we can do it today.
I don't think that we can do it.
I don't think that we can do that by 2:30.
I don't think that we can do that by Monday.
I don't think that we can do that by ourselves.
I don't think that we can do that that soon.
I don't think that we can do that today.
I don't think that we can do that without Tom's help.
I don't think that we can do that without everybody's help.
I don't think that we can do that without everyone's help.
I don't think that we can do that.
I don't think that we can do this.
I don't think that we can eat this.
I don't think that we can expect somebody else to solve our problems.
I don't think that we can expect someone else to solve our problems.
I don't think that we can get home by 2:30.
I don't think that we can get home by Monday.
I don't think that we can make an exception.
I don't think that we can move this piano by ourselves.
I don't think that we can move this piano without some help.
I don't think that we can pull that off.
I don't think that we can pull this off.
I don't think that we can really say that one is right and the other is wrong.
I don't think that we can risk that.
I don't think that we can say that.
I don't think that we can see each other anymore.
I don't think that we can take care of ourselves.
I don't think that we can take that risk.
I don't think that we can trust Tom anymore.
I don't think that we can trust Tom as much as we used to.
I don't think that we can trust Tom.
I don't think that we can wait any longer.
I don't think that we can wait much longer.
I don't think that we can wait until 2:30.
I don't think that we can wait until Monday.
I don't think that we can wait until October.
I don't think that we can wait until tomorrow.
I don't think that we can win.
I don't think that we could do that even if we tried.
I don't think that we could do that.
I don't think that we did anything wrong.
I don't think that we did it right.
I don't think that we did that right.
I don't think that we have a choice.
I don't think that we have any chance of winning.
I don't think that we have any choice but to do that.
I don't think that we have any choice.
I don't think that we have anything to explain.
I don't think that we have enough food to feed everyone.
I don't think that we have enough food.
I don't think that we have enough money to buy everything we need.
I don't think that we have enough money.
I don't think that we have enough time to do that.
I don't think that we have enough time.
I don't think that we have much time.
I don't think that we have that kind of time.
I don't think that we have the time for that.
I don't think that we have to do anything else today.
I don't think that we have to do anything else.
I don't think that we have to do that this morning.
I don't think that we have to do that today.
I don't think that we have to do that.
I don't think that we have to do this now.
I don't think that we have to do this.
I don't think that we have to go any further.
I don't think that we have to stay here any longer.
I don't think that we have to wait for Tom.
I don't think that we have to worry about anybody showing up tonight.
I don't think that we have to worry about anyone showing up tonight.
I don't think that we kept score.
I don't think that we need permission to do that.
I don't think that we need permission to do this.
I don't think that we need that.
I don't think that we need this anymore.
I don't think that we need this.
I don't think that we need to buy this.
I don't think that we need to do it.
I don't think that we need to do that this week.
I don't think that we need to do that today.
I don't think that we need to do that.
I don't think that we need to do this.
I don't think that we need to wait for Tom.
I don't think that we need to worry about that now.
I don't think that we need to worry.
I don't think that we ought to be doing this right now.
I don't think that we ought to be doing this.
I don't think that we ought to do that.
I don't think that we really have to do that.
I don't think that we really need to attend that meeting.
I don't think that we really need to do that.
I don't think that we really need to do this.
I don't think that we should agree to do that.
I don't think that we should ask Tom to do that.
I don't think that we should ask Tom to pay for everything.
I don't think that we should be doing this now.
I don't think that we should be doing this.
I don't think that we should be fighting.
I don't think that we should be talking about this here.
I don't think that we should be talking about this right now.
I don't think that we should be talking about this.
I don't think that we should be talking to each other.
I don't think that we should buy such an expensive car.
I don't think that we should buy this.
I don't think that we should compromise.
I don't think that we should delay doing that any longer.
I don't think that we should do that again.
I don't think that we should do that anymore.
I don't think that we should do that by ourselves.
I don't think that we should do that here.
I don't think that we should do that now.
I don't think that we should do that the way Tom told us to.
I don't think that we should do that the way you're suggesting.
I don't think that we should do that the way you've suggested.
I don't think that we should do that today.
I don't think that we should do that until next month.
I don't think that we should do that with Tom.
I don't think that we should do that yet.
I don't think that we should do that.
I don't think that we should drink this water.
I don't think that we should eat this.
I don't think that we should even consider buying a new car at this time.
I don't think that we should even consider doing that.
I don't think that we should even consider singing.
I don't think that we should even try doing that.
I don't think that we should even try to do that.
I don't think that we should get involved.
I don't think that we should go outside in this storm.
I don't think that we should go outside today.
I don't think that we should go there by ourselves.
I don't think that we should go this way.
I don't think that we should go to Australia next month.
I don't think that we should go to Boston next weekend.
I don't think that we should go to Tom's party.
I don't think that we should go with Tom.
I don't think that we should go yet.
I don't think that we should hang around.
I don't think that we should leave Mary here by herself.
I don't think that we should leave Tom and Mary here by themselves.
I don't think that we should leave Tom here by himself.
I don't think that we should leave the door unlocked.
I don't think that we should leave the windows open.
I don't think that we should leave until Tom gets here.
I don't think that we should leave yet.
I don't think that we should lock the door.
I don't think that we should make an exception.
I don't think that we should need to pay that much.
I don't think that we should open the windows.
I don't think that we should rely on Tom too much.
I don't think that we should say anything about that.
I don't think that we should show Tom how to do that.
I don't think that we should shut the window.
I don't think that we should stay at the same hotel that we stayed at last time.
I don't think that we should stay at the same hotel we stayed at last time.
I don't think that we should stay at the same hotel where we stayed last time.
I don't think that we should stay at this hotel.
I don't think that we should stay here any longer.
I don't think that we should stay here much longer.
I don't think that we should stay here.
I don't think that we should stay in Boston much longer.
I don't think that we should stay.
I don't think that we should stop right now.
I don't think that we should take Tom with us.
I don't think that we should take that kind of risk.
I don't think that we should talk about that now.
I don't think that we should tell Tom about that.
I don't think that we should tell Tom about what happened.
I don't think that we should tell Tom about what we did.
I don't think that we should tell Tom that we're going to Boston.
I don't think that we should tell Tom we're going to Boston.
I don't think that we should tell Tom what Mary did yesterday.
I don't think that we should tell Tom what Mary did.
I don't think that we should tell anybody about this yet.
I don't think that we should tell anybody about what happened here today.
I don't think that we should tell anybody just yet.
I don't think that we should tell anyone just yet.
I don't think that we should touch anything.
I don't think that we should trust Tom.
I don't think that we should try doing that again.
I don't think that we should wait any longer.
I don't think that we should wait.
I don't think that we spend enough on advertising.
I don't think that we want to go down that road.
I don't think that we want to know all the details.
I don't think that we want to know.
I don't think that we want to risk that happening.
I don't think that we were confused.
I don't think that we were followed.
I don't think that we were invited to Tom's party.
I don't think that we were seen.
I don't think that we were spotted.
I don't think that we will be able to solve this problem by ourselves.
I don't think that we'd be allowed to do that.
I don't think that we'd have any chance of winning.
I don't think that we'll be able to convince Tom to do that.
I don't think that we'll be able to do that until the day after tomorrow.
I don't think that we'll be able to do that.
I don't think that we'll be able to hang out together tonight.
I don't think that we'll be able to help you today.
I don't think that we'll be able to help you.
I don't think that we'll be able to prove it.
I don't think that we'll be able to prove that.
I don't think that we'll be able to solve this problem by ourselves.
I don't think that we'll be able to solve this problem today.
I don't think that we'll be able to solve this problem without a little help.
I don't think that we'll be able to solve this problem.
I don't think that we'll be able to win.
I don't think that we'll be hearing from Tom for quite a while.
I don't think that we'll do that anytime soon.
I don't think that we'll do that by ourselves.
I don't think that we'll do that here.
I don't think that we'll do that in the near future.
I don't think that we'll do that this week.
I don't think that we'll do that while we're in Boston.
I don't think that we'll do that with Tom.
I don't think that we'll do that.
I don't think that we'll ever find out where Tom hid the diamonds.
I don't think that we'll ever know what Tom really did.
I don't think that we'll ever know what happened to Tom.
I don't think that we'll ever know what happened.
I don't think that we'll ever know why Tom did that.
I don't think that we'll ever know why Tom didn't do that.
I don't think that we'll ever know.
I don't think that we'll find anyone who can do that for us.
I don't think that we'll find anyone who can help us do that.
I don't think that we'll find anyone who can help us.
I don't think that we'll get home before dark.
I don't think that we'll get home until after dark.
I don't think that we'll have any problem with raising the money that we need.
I don't think that we'll have any problem with raising the money we need.
I don't think that we'll have enough time to do that.
I don't think that we'll have enough time to finish doing this today.
I don't think that we'll have enough time.
I don't think that we'll make it on time.
I don't think that we'll meet again for a long time.
I don't think that we'll meet again.
I don't think that we'll need to ask Tom to do that for us.
I don't think that we'll need to ask Tom to help us do that.
I don't think that we'll need to do that today.
I don't think that we'll need to stay here much longer.
I don't think that we'll reach Boston before dark.
I don't think that we'll see Tom again.
I don't think that we'll see each other again until October.
I don't think that we'll see each other again.
I don't think that we'll win.
I don't think that we're allowed to do that.
I don't think that we're alone in this cave.
I don't think that we're alone.
I don't think that we're capable of doing that.
I don't think that we're ever going to find out who did that.
I don't think that we're getting anywhere.
I don't think that we're going to be able to be at your party tonight.
I don't think that we're going to be able to be there.
I don't think that we're going to be able to catch the train that you want to catch.
I don't think that we're going to be able to catch the train you want to catch.
I don't think that we're going to be able to do that.
I don't think that we're going to do that by ourselves.
I don't think that we're going to do that today.
I don't think that we're going to do that until next week.
I don't think that we're going to do that with Tom.
I don't think that we're going to do that.
I don't think that we're going to have to do that.
I don't think that we're going to make it there on time.
I don't think that we're going to make it to your party.
I don't think that we're going to make it.
I don't think that we're going to need Tom's help.
I don't think that we're going to need to do that.
I don't think that we're going to see Tom today.
I don't think that we're losing.
I don't think that we're meant for each other.
I don't think that we're ready to do that yet.
I don't think that we're ready to leave yet.
I don't think that we're ready.
I don't think that we're right for each other anymore.
I don't think that we're supposed to be here.
I don't think that we're supposed to do that.
I don't think that we're there yet.
I don't think that we're welcome around here anymore.
I don't think that we're welcome here.
I don't think that we've actually met.
I don't think that we've been helping Tom enough.
I don't think that we've been introduced.
I don't think that we've done anything illegal.
I don't think that we've done anything we weren't supposed to do.
I don't think that we've done anything wrong.
I don't think that we've ever met.
I don't think that we've got much time.
I don't think that we've seen the last of Tom.
I don't think that what I did was wrong.
I don't think that what Tom did was easy.
I don't think that what Tom did was right.
I don't think that what Tom did was wrong.
I don't think that what Tom said is true.
I don't think that what Tom said made any sense.
I don't think that what Tom said was accurate.
I don't think that what Tom said was true.
I don't think that what we did helped.
I don't think that what we did made any difference.
I don't think that what you did would impress Tom.
I don't think that what you need has been invented yet.
I don't think that what you're doing is legal.
I don't think that will be necessary.
I don't think that will do any good.
I don't think that will ever happen.
I don't think that will fly.
I don't think that will give you enough time to get there.
I don't think that will happen.
I don't think that word has ever meant what you're claiming it means.
I don't think that word is used any more.
I don't think that works.
I don't think that would be a good idea.
I don't think that would be a great idea.
I don't think that would be appropriate.
I don't think that would be good.
I don't think that would be much fun.
I don't think that would be such a good idea.
I don't think that would be the right thing to do.
I don't think that would be wise.
I don't think that would bother Tom too much.
I don't think that would cost much.
I don't think that would cost very much.
I don't think that would ever happen.
I don't think that you and I can do that by ourselves.
I don't think that you and I'll be able to do that by ourselves.
I don't think that you believe that.
I don't think that you can beat me.
I don't think that you can change it.
I don't think that you can convince Tom to stop doing that.
I don't think that you can count on Tom.
I don't think that you can do that by yourself.
I don't think that you can do that by yourselves.
I don't think that you can do that without my help.
I don't think that you can do that.
I don't think that you can do this.
I don't think that you can eat that.
I don't think that you can explain that.
I don't think that you can help me.
I don't think that you can ignore this problem anymore.
I don't think that you can sell that.
I don't think that you can stop Tom from doing that.
I don't think that you can win.
I don't think that you could do that.
I don't think that you could ever do that by yourself.
I don't think that you could ever do that by yourselves.
I don't think that you could persuade Tom not to do that.
I don't think that you could persuade Tom to do that.
I don't think that you did a very good job.
I don't think that you did a very thorough job.
I don't think that you did all this homework by yourself.
I don't think that you did this by yourself.
I don't think that you did this.
I don't think that you fully understand the consequences.
I don't think that you guys have any other choice.
I don't think that you guys have any other option.
I don't think that you have a choice.
I don't think that you have all the facts.
I don't think that you have any other choice.
I don't think that you have any other option.
I don't think that you have anything to worry about.
I don't think that you have much choice.
I don't think that you have the guts.
I don't think that you have the heart.
I don't think that you have to do that by yourself.
I don't think that you have to do that by yourselves.
I don't think that you have to do that today.
I don't think that you have to do that.
I don't think that you have to worry about Tom anymore.
I don't think that you heard me.
I don't think that you heard what I said.
I don't think that you know anything.
I don't think that you know what you want.
I don't think that you know what you're asking.
I don't think that you love me as much as I love you.
I don't think that you mean that.
I don't think that you need it.
I don't think that you need that much money to buy what you need.
I don't think that you need to be at tomorrow's meeting.
I don't think that you need to be doing this.
I don't think that you need to be worried about that.
I don't think that you need to change.
I don't think that you need to do anything more.
I don't think that you need to do that again.
I don't think that you need to do that anymore.
I don't think that you need to do that if you don't want to.
I don't think that you need to do that today.
I don't think that you need to do that.
I don't think that you need to help me anymore.
I don't think that you need to help us today.
I don't think that you need to say anything more.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom anything about what happened.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom anything.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom everything.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom that you plan to do that.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom that you're going to do that.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom that you're planning on doing that.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom that you're planning to do that.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom what Mary did.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom what Mary is planning to do.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom what Mary plans to do.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom what Mary said she's going to do.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom what Mary said that she's going to do.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom what Mary wants to do.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom what he has to do.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom what he needs to do.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom what needs to be done.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom what to do.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom what you did.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom what you plan to do.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom what you're going to do.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom what you're planning to do.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom why Mary isn't here.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom why Mary wasn't here yesterday.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom why he wasn't invited to Mary's party.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom why you did that.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom why you didn't do that.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom why you don't like Mary.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom why you have to do that.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom why you need to do that.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom why you want to do that.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom why you went Australia last month.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom why you went to Australia.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom why you went to Boston last week.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom why you went to Boston.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom why you were absent yesterday.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom why you weren't here on Monday.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom why you weren't here on October 20th.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom you plan to do that.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom you're going to do that.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom you're planning on doing that.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom you're planning to do that.
I don't think that you need to worry about Tom.
I don't think that you need to worry about that anymore.
I don't think that you need to worry about tomorrow.
I don't think that you need to worry about what might happen.
I don't think that you need to worry so much.
I don't think that you ought to do that by yourself.
I don't think that you ought to do that by yourselves.
I don't think that you ought to do that here.
I don't think that you ought to do that until this afternoon.
I don't think that you ought to do that with Tom.
I don't think that you ought to do that.
I don't think that you ought to.
I don't think that you realize how much I miss you.
I don't think that you realize what you're saying.
I don't think that you realize what you're suggesting.
I don't think that you realize what you've done.
I don't think that you really believe that.
I don't think that you really have to do that until tomorrow.
I don't think that you really have to do that.
I don't think that you really need to do that today.
I don't think that you really need to do that.
I don't think that you really understand what I'm trying to say.
I don't think that you really understand what needs to be done.
I don't think that you really understand.
I don't think that you really want to call attention to that.
I don't think that you really want to do that.
I don't think that you really want to know.
I don't think that you said anything wrong.
I don't think that you should agree to do that.
I don't think that you should ask Tom to do that.
I don't think that you should be alarmed.
I don't think that you should be doing that by yourself.
I don't think that you should be doing that by yourselves.
I don't think that you should be doing that here.
I don't think that you should be doing that now.
I don't think that you should be doing that.
I don't think that you should borrow money from Tom.
I don't think that you should buy that car.
I don't think that you should buy that.
I don't think that you should call Tom.
I don't think that you should do it.
I don't think that you should do that again.
I don't think that you should do that anymore.
I don't think that you should do that by yourself.
I don't think that you should do that by yourselves.
I don't think that you should do that here.
I don't think that you should do that now.
I don't think that you should do that today.
I don't think that you should do that with Tom.
I don't think that you should do that.
I don't think that you should do what Tom asked you to do.
I don't think that you should do what Tom tells you to do.
I don't think that you should drink that water.
I don't think that you should drive.
I don't think that you should eat so much junk food.
I don't think that you should eat that.
I don't think that you should follow Tom's advice.
I don't think that you should get married.
I don't think that you should go there by car.
I don't think that you should go there by yourself.
I don't think that you should go there by yourselves.
I don't think that you should go there with Tom.
I don't think that you should go there.
I don't think that you should go to Australia.
I don't think that you should go to Boston.
I don't think that you should go.
I don't think that you should have done that.
I don't think that you should leave Tom alone.
I don't think that you should leave until tomorrow.
I don't think that you should leave.
I don't think that you should marry Tom.
I don't think that you should quit your job.
I don't think that you should say any more.
I don't think that you should see Tom anymore.
I don't think that you should show Tom how to do that.
I don't think that you should spend any more time trying to do that.
I don't think that you should take Tom to Australia with you.
I don't think that you should take Tom to Boston with you.
I don't think that you should talk to Tom that way.
I don't think that you should tell Tom how to do that.
I don't think that you should tell Tom that.
I don't think that you should tell Tom the truth.
I don't think that you should tell Tom what to do.
I don't think that you should trust Tom too much.
I don't think that you should try doing that by yourself.
I don't think that you should try doing that by yourselves.
I don't think that you should try to do that by yourself.
I don't think that you should try to do that by yourselves.
I don't think that you should worry about it too much.
I don't think that you should worry so much.
I don't think that you should've done that.
I don't think that you should've left early.
I don't think that you speak French better than I do.
I don't think that you tried hard enough.
I don't think that you two should get married.
I don't think that you understand how important this is to me.
I don't think that you understand how important this is.
I don't think that you understand how much this means to me.
I don't think that you understand me.
I don't think that you understand the problem.
I don't think that you understand the situation.
I don't think that you understand what I'm trying to say.
I don't think that you understand what this means to me.
I don't think that you understand what this means.
I don't think that you understand what's going on.
I don't think that you understand what's happening.
I don't think that you understand.
I don't think that you understood the question.
I don't think that you want that.
I don't think that you want to hear about my problems.
I don't think that you want to know the answer.
I don't think that you want to take that chance.
I don't think that you would do that.
I don't think that you'd be able to do that.
I don't think that you'd do that.
I don't think that you'd enjoy doing that.
I don't think that you'd enjoy it.
I don't think that you'd like it.
I don't think that you'd like that.
I don't think that you'd recognize Tom anymore.
I don't think that you'd understand it.
I don't think that you'd understand.
I don't think that you'd win.
I don't think that you'll be able to do that.
I don't think that you'll be able to get Tom to do that.
I don't think that you'll be able to persuade Tom to do that.
I don't think that you'll be able to win.
I don't think that you'll be allowed to do that.
I don't think that you'll be disappointed.
I don't think that you'll be permitted to do that.
I don't think that you'll die today.
I don't think that you'll do that.
I don't think that you'll ever be able to do that.
I don't think that you'll get a chance to do that.
I don't think that you'll get it.
I don't think that you'll have much fun doing that.
I don't think that you'll have that problem.
I don't think that you'll have the same problems I had.
I don't think that you'll have the time to do that today.
I don't think that you'll have to wait as long as I did.
I don't think that you'll have to wait for more than three hours.
I don't think that you'll like that.
I don't think that you'll like the alternative.
I don't think that you'll like this book.
I don't think that you'll like this movie.
I don't think that you'll like this.
I don't think that you'll make it.
I don't think that you'll win.
I don't think that you're allowed to do that here.
I don't think that you're allowed to do that.
I don't think that you're an idiot.
I don't think that you're as good a driver as you say you are.
I don't think that you're as good of a driver as Tom.
I don't think that you're as good of a driver as you say you are.
I don't think that you're being honest.
I don't think that you're being objective.
I don't think that you're being realistic.
I don't think that you're being reasonable.
I don't think that you're boring.
I don't think that you're crazy.
I don't think that you're cute.
I don't think that you're doing that as well as you could with a little help.
I don't think that you're doing that correctly.
I don't think that you're doing that the right way.
I don't think that you're fat.
I don't think that you're finished yet.
I don't think that you're fit to be a teacher here.
I don't think that you're funny.
I don't think that you're going to be able to do that.
I don't think that you're going to need me to help you anymore.
I don't think that you're going to need my assistance anymore.
I don't think that you're heartless.
I don't think that you're in any danger.
I don't think that you're lying.
I don't think that you're old.
I don't think that you're ready to do that yet.
I don't think that you're ready to do that.
I don't think that you're ready.
I don't think that you're really sorry.
I don't think that you're right.
I don't think that you're schizophrenic.
I don't think that you're sick.
I don't think that you're smart enough to get into Harvard.
I don't think that you're strange.
I don't think that you're stupid.
I don't think that you're supposed to be here.
I don't think that you're telling the truth.
I don't think that you're the kind of person who would do that kind of thing.
I don't think that you're the kind of person who would do that.
I don't think that you're the right person for the job.
I don't think that you're trying hard enough.
I don't think that you're trying very hard to find Tom.
I don't think that you're ugly.
I don't think that you're weird.
I don't think that you're wrong.
I don't think that you've been listening to me.
I don't think that you've been paying attention.
I don't think that you've broken any bones.
I don't think that you've done that as many times as I have.
I don't think that you've done that right.
I don't think that you've ever done that.
I don't think that you've ever met Tom.
I don't think that you've got much choice.
I don't think that you've tried hard enough.
I don't think that you've understood what I said.
I don't think that your approach will work.
I don't think that your father would approve.
I don't think that your mother will like it.
I don't think that your mother would approve.
I don't think that your name is really Tom.
I don't think that your name's Tom.
I don't think that your parents would approve.
I don't think that your plan is feasible.
I don't think that your plan will work.
I don't think that'll be a problem.
I don't think that'll be necessary.
I don't think that'll be possible at all.
I don't think that'll be possible.
I don't think that'll be worth the effort.
I don't think that'll bother Tom.
I don't think that'll continue.
I don't think that'll do any good.
I don't think that'll end well.
I don't think that'll ever happen again.
I don't think that'll ever happen.
I don't think that'll fly.
I don't think that'll happen again.
I don't think that'll happen anymore.
I don't think that'll happen anytime soon.
I don't think that'll happen to us.
I don't think that'll happen today.
I don't think that'll happen until tomorrow.
I don't think that'll happen.
I don't think that'll make a difference.
I don't think that'll make much difference.
I don't think that'll make much of a difference.
I don't think that'll still be a problem.
I don't think that'll work.
I don't think that's French.
I don't think that's Tom's handwriting.
I don't think that's Tom's.
I don't think that's Tom.
I don't think that's Yiddish.
I don't think that's a coincidence.
I don't think that's a factor.
I don't think that's a good idea either.
I don't think that's a good idea right now.
I don't think that's a good idea.
I don't think that's a good investment.
I don't think that's a good reason.
I don't think that's a good theory.
I don't think that's a real diamond.
I don't think that's a real word.
I don't think that's a reasonable request.
I don't think that's a relationship that can be salvaged.
I don't think that's a typo.
I don't think that's a very good idea.
I don't think that's acceptable.
I don't think that's accurate.
I don't think that's actually true.
I don't think that's allowed here.
I don't think that's allowed.
I don't think that's an exception.
I don't think that's an option.
I don't think that's anybody I know.
I don't think that's anybody that I know.
I don't think that's anyone I know.
I don't think that's anyone that I know.
I don't think that's appropriate.
I don't think that's been decided yet.
I don't think that's correct in any case.
I don't think that's correct.
I don't think that's enough.
I don't think that's even possible.
I don't think that's exactly what Tom agreed to do.
I don't think that's fair at all.
I don't think that's fair.
I don't think that's funny at all.
I don't think that's funny.
I don't think that's going to be a problem.
I don't think that's going to ever happen.
I don't think that's going to happen soon.
I don't think that's going to happen today.
I don't think that's going to happen.
I don't think that's going to stop Tom.
I don't think that's going to work.
I don't think that's helping.
I don't think that's important anymore.
I don't think that's legal.
I don't think that's likely to happen.
I don't think that's likely to work.
I don't think that's love.
I don't think that's mine.
I don't think that's necessary yet.
I don't think that's necessary.
I don't think that's particularly relevant.
I don't think that's possible.
I don't think that's quite right.
I don't think that's quite true.
I don't think that's realistic.
I don't think that's relevant.
I don't think that's right.
I don't think that's so funny.
I don't think that's strange.
I don't think that's such a big deal.
I don't think that's such a big problem.
I don't think that's such a good idea, Tom.
I don't think that's such a good idea.
I don't think that's the answer.
I don't think that's the case.
I don't think that's the plan.
I don't think that's the point.
I don't think that's the problem.
I don't think that's the reason.
I don't think that's the right call.
I don't think that's the right way to do that.
I don't think that's the safest way to do that.
I don't think that's the solution.
I don't think that's the way it works.
I don't think that's the whole story.
I don't think that's translatable.
I don't think that's true at all.
I don't think that's true.
I don't think that's very funny.
I don't think that's very likely to happen.
I don't think that's what I need.
I don't think that's what Tom meant at all.
I don't think that's what Tom meant when he said you should stand out from the crowd.
I don't think that's what Tom meant.
I don't think that's what Tom said.
I don't think that's what he meant.
I don't think that's what people really think that.
I don't think that's what people really think.
I don't think that's what she meant.
I don't think that's what we should be doing.
I don't think that's what you intended to do.
I don't think that's what you intended.
I don't think that's what you meant to say.
I don't think that's what you should be doing.
I don't think that's what you wanted to do.
I don't think that's what's causing the problem.
I don't think that's why I do it.
I don't think that's why Tom and Mary aren't here.
I don't think that's why Tom isn't here.
I don't think that's why Tom left.
I don't think that's wise.
I don't think that's worth doing.
I don't think that's your color.
I don't think that's yours.
I don't think that.
I don't think the Giants will be the champions this year.
I don't think the Giants will win this year.
I don't think the US would fight for Taiwan.
I don't think the bank is open yet.
I don't think the birds "know" they ought to space themselves out evenly.
I don't think the circumstances will change.
I don't think the dryer was responsible for the shrinkage.
I don't think the gun is loaded, but you should still be very careful.
I don't think the house is as big as we hoped.
I don't think the house is as big as we'd hoped.
I don't think the joke you told was appropriate.
I don't think the jury believed Tom.
I don't think the jury liked Sami very much.
I don't think the kids are conscience about what they just did.
I don't think the leather belt goes with your skirt.
I don't think the little green men exist.
I don't think the pain will ever completely go away.
I don't think the police will ever catch Tom.
I don't think the pool is open this weekend.
I don't think the pool will be open this weekend.
I don't think the post office is open yet.
I don't think the roses will bloom anytime soon.
I don't think the roses will bloom so soon.
I don't think the rules apply to us anymore, right?
I don't think the situation will get any better.
I don't think the situation will get any worse.
I don't think the way I feel about Tom will ever change.
I don't think the weather will clear up anytime soon.
I don't think the weather will clear up.
I don't think the world has changed that much.
I don't think the zoo is open today.
I don't think their plan will work out.
I don't think their plan will work.
I don't think there are few cats in Europe.
I don't think there is a doctor here.
I don't think there is a problem.
I don't think there is any doubt about the meaning.
I don't think there is any excuse for Tom's behavior.
I don't think there is any excuse for his behavior. At the same time, we should listen to what he has to say.
I don't think there is any need for you to explain.
I don't think there is any way I can do that.
I don't think there is any way I can help.
I don't think there is any way I can win this triathlon.
I don't think there is life on Mars.
I don't think there is such a thing.
I don't think there should be a question mark here, because it's not a question.
I don't think there should be any problem doing that.
I don't think there should be any problems.
I don't think there was any harm done.
I don't think there will be any problems.
I don't think there'll be any problem.
I don't think there's a deity.
I don't think there's a market for that.
I don't think there's a problem.
I don't think there's any beer in the refrigerator.
I don't think there's any chance I'll be able to do that.
I don't think there's any chance I'll get there on time.
I don't think there's any chance Tom will believe that.
I don't think there's any chance Tom will do that.
I don't think there's any chance Tom will ever do that.
I don't think there's any chance Tom will help you.
I don't think there's any chance Tom will let you do that.
I don't think there's any chance our team will win.
I don't think there's any chance that I'll be able to do that.
I don't think there's any chance that I'll get there on time.
I don't think there's any chance that Tom will believe that.
I don't think there's any chance that Tom will do that.
I don't think there's any chance that Tom will ever do that.
I don't think there's any chance that Tom will help you.
I don't think there's any chance that Tom will let you do that.
I don't think there's any chance that our team will win.
I don't think there's any correlation.
I don't think there's any harm in telling you about what we did.
I don't think there's any harm in telling you now.
I don't think there's any harm in telling you what Tom did.
I don't think there's any harm in telling you what happened.
I don't think there's any life on Mars.
I don't think there's any more beer.
I don't think there's any need for Tom and Mary to attend the meeting.
I don't think there's any need for Tom to attend the meeting.
I don't think there's any need for Tom to come to the office today.
I don't think there's any need for Tom to do that.
I don't think there's any need for me to attend the meeting.
I don't think there's any need for you to explain.
I don't think there's any need to wait any longer.
I don't think there's any point discussing this with me.
I don't think there's any point in discussing this any further.
I don't think there's any point in discussing this at this time.
I don't think there's any point in discussing this matter with you.
I don't think there's any point in discussing this right now.
I don't think there's any point in discussing this today.
I don't think there's any point in discussing this with Tom.
I don't think there's any point in discussing this.
I don't think there's any point in doing that.
I don't think there's any reason Tom and Mary have to do that.
I don't think there's any reason Tom and Mary need to do that.
I don't think there's any reason Tom has to do that.
I don't think there's any reason Tom needs to do that.
I don't think there's any reason that Tom has to do that.
I don't think there's any reason that Tom needs to do that.
I don't think there's any reason why Tom and Mary have to do that.
I don't think there's any reason why Tom and Mary need to do that.
I don't think there's any reason why Tom has to do that today.
I don't think there's any reason why Tom has to do that.
I don't think there's any reason why Tom needs to do that by himself.
I don't think there's any reason why Tom needs to do that today.
I don't think there's any reason why Tom needs to do that.
I don't think there's any risk of losing today.
I don't think there's any significant damage.
I don't think there's any such fetish.
I don't think there's any sugar left.
I don't think there's any way I can do that by myself.
I don't think there's any way I can do that today.
I don't think there's any way I can do that without Tom's help.
I don't think there's any way I can do that without some help.
I don't think there's any way I can do that without your help.
I don't think there's any way I can do that.
I don't think there's any way I can get there on time.
I don't think there's any way I can get this report done on time.
I don't think there's any way I can help you do that.
I don't think there's any way I can help you.
I don't think there's any way I can help.
I don't think there's any way Tom can do that.
I don't think there's any way Tom could do that.
I don't think there's any way out of here.
I don't think there's any way out of this one.
I don't think there's anybody in the classroom.
I don't think there's anybody in the world who's done what I've done.
I don't think there's anybody there.
I don't think there's anybody who hates Tom.
I don't think there's anyone in the classroom.
I don't think there's anyone in the world who's done what I've done.
I don't think there's anyone there.
I don't think there's anyone who hates Tom.
I don't think there's anyone.
I don't think there's anything I can do about that.
I don't think there's anything in the box.
I don't think there's anything left to fix.
I don't think there's anything so difficult as recognizing one's own weakness.
I don't think there's anything there.
I don't think there's anything to worry about.
I don't think there's anything we can do.
I don't think there's enough room in the canoe for all three of us.
I don't think there's even one person.
I don't think there's going to be any food left by the time we get to Tom's party.
I don't think there's life on Mars.
I don't think there's much chance of that happening.
I don't think there's much chance of that.
I don't think there's much to worry about.
I don't think there's very much to worry about.
I don't think these are Tom's and Mary's umbrellas.
I don't think these bananas will last long.
I don't think these guys really want to hear Tom sing.
I don't think these ink stains will come off.
I don't think they actually get much of a discount.
I don't think they allow that here.
I don't think they allow that.
I don't think they are good-looking.
I don't think they are pretty.
I don't think they are trustworthy.
I don't think they believe us.
I don't think they believed us.
I don't think they can behave themselves at the party.
I don't think they could do that.
I don't think they could understand French.
I don't think they did this.
I don't think they dislike me.
I don't think they expected us to arrive so early.
I don't think they heard us.
I don't think they like me.
I don't think they liked me.
I don't think they need me.
I don't think they will accept these conditions.
I don't think they would have done anything.
I don't think they would've done anything.
I don't think they'd fire you for that.
I don't think they'd like it.
I don't think they'll accept these conditions.
I don't think they'll accept these terms and conditions.
I don't think they'll allow Tom to do that.
I don't think they'll allow me to do that.
I don't think they'll allow you to do that.
I don't think they'll buy a new car.
I don't think they'll let me do that.
I don't think they'll pay them for slacking off either.
I don't think they'll permit Tom to do that.
I don't think they'll permit me to do that.
I don't think they'll permit you to do that.
I don't think they're bad people.
I don't think they're capable of doing that.
I don't think they're coming back.
I don't think they're coming.
I don't think they're compassionate.
I don't think they're complaining.
I don't think they're crazy.
I don't think they're going to hear us.
I don't think they're married.
I don't think they're planning on doing that.
I don't think they're safe.
I don't think they're teachers.
I don't think they're who they say they are.
I don't think they've found a cure for that yet.
I don't think they've found out about Tom yet.
I don't think they've fully adapted to the working world yet. They still seem like students.
I don't think they've seen us.
I don't think things can get any worse.
I don't think things happened the way Tom said they did.
I don't think things will change anytime soon.
I don't think things will change.
I don't think things will end well.
I don't think this armchair is comfortable.
I don't think this book will sell very well.
I don't think this book would sell in Algeria.
I don't think this business could have succeeded without my keen, calculating partner to counterbalance my adventurous nature.
I don't think this car was made in Germany.
I don't think this chain will stand the strain.
I don't think this changes anything.
I don't think this chicken is in good condition; it's past the date.
I don't think this city is as safe as it used to be.
I don't think this food is fit to eat.
I don't think this game is cyberpunk so much as it is post-cyberpunk.
I don't think this has anything to do with Tom.
I don't think this is French.
I don't think this is Tom's hat.
I don't think this is Tom's umbrella.
I don't think this is a coincidence.
I don't think this is a crime.
I don't think this is a fake.
I don't think this is a good approach to biology.
I don't think this is a good idea.
I don't think this is a good time to do this.
I don't think this is a good time to talk to Tom.
I don't think this is a good translation of the English.
I don't think this is a matter of some datum of information that I'm waiting on. It's a matter of making certain that when I send young men and women into war, and I devote billions of dollars of U.S. taxpayer money, that it's making us safer.
I don't think this is a method that I can recommend really unless you are willing to risk failure.
I don't think this is a problem.
I don't think this is a real diamond.
I don't think this is a setback.
I don't think this is a very good idea.
I don't think this is a wasp.
I don't think this is all that important.
I don't think this is an appropriate time to discuss this.
I don't think this is an exception.
I don't think this is an unreasonable request to make.
I don't think this is an unreasonable request.
I don't think this is any of your business.
I don't think this is anything you'd be interested in.
I don't think this is as funny as you think it is.
I don't think this is correct.
I don't think this is edible.
I don't think this is enough food for three people.
I don't think this is enough food to feed all of us.
I don't think this is enough.
I don't think this is exactly what we need.
I don't think this is for me.
I don't think this is for you.
I don't think this is funny.
I don't think this is going to be a problem anymore.
I don't think this is going to be much fun.
I don't think this is going to help any.
I don't think this is going to work out.
I don't think this is going to work, to be honest.
I don't think this is going to work.
I don't think this is helping anything.
I don't think this is how it's done.
I don't think this is how we should be doing this.
I don't think this is how we're supposed to be doing this.
I don't think this is interesting at all.
I don't think this is interesting.
I don't think this is necessary.
I don't think this is normal.
I don't think this is real.
I don't think this is realistic.
I don't think this is really necessary.
I don't think this is right.
I don't think this is such a big deal.
I don't think this is such a good idea.
I don't think this is the best solution.
I don't think this is the best time for us to talk.
I don't think this is the best time to discuss that.
I don't think this is the best time to talk to Tom.
I don't think this is the best way to do this.
I don't think this is the box that this toy came in; it won't fit in.
I don't think this is the end.
I don't think this is the first time Tom and Mary have tried doing that.
I don't think this is the first time Tom and Mary have tried to do that.
I don't think this is the first time Tom has tried doing that.
I don't think this is the first time Tom has tried to do that.
I don't think this is the first time that Tom has tried doing that.
I don't think this is the first time that Tom has tried to do that.
I don't think this is the first time you've seen something like this.
I don't think this is the one I lost.
I don't think this is the one that I lost.
I don't think this is the only way to do this.
I don't think this is the problem at all.
I don't think this is the right one.
I don't think this is the right way to do this.
I don't think this is the time or place for that.
I don't think this is the time or place to discuss this.
I don't think this is the wrong road.
I don't think this is very funny.
I don't think this is very interesting.
I don't think this is what you think it is.
I don't think this is working out anymore.
I don't think this is working out.
I don't think this is working.
I don't think this kind of cheese is very expensive.
I don't think this makes any sense.
I don't think this makes much sense.
I don't think this makes sense.
I don't think this makes very much sense.
I don't think this meat has been cooked long enough.
I don't think this movie is interesting.
I don't think this movie is very interesting.
I don't think this old car will make it to the top of the hill.
I don't think this rain will let up anytime soon.
I don't think this rain will let up.
I don't think this sentence is grammatically correct.
I don't think this sentence makes much sense.
I don't think this shirt goes well with a red tie.
I don't think this shirt goes with that red tie.
I don't think this site is legitimate. It looks like a phishing attempt to me.
I don't think this sponsor is very suitable.
I don't think this stain will come out.
I don't think this study has ever been replicated.
I don't think this was made in our factory.
I don't think this was such a good idea.
I don't think this way.
I don't think this weather will hold.
I don't think this wedding is right.
I don't think this will be enough money.
I don't think to die of old age.
I don't think traveling by train is as safe as it used to be.
I don't think very highly of him, personally.
I don't think very many people will do that.
I don't think we can afford it now.
I don't think we can afford to buy a car right now.
I don't think we can blame this problem on Tom.
I don't think we can come to your party.
I don't think we can do anything about that.
I don't think we can do anything for Tom.
I don't think we can do anything right now.
I don't think we can do it that soon.
I don't think we can do it today.
I don't think we can do it.
I don't think we can do that by 2:30.
I don't think we can do that by Monday.
I don't think we can do that by ourselves.
I don't think we can do that that soon.
I don't think we can do that today.
I don't think we can do that without Tom's help.
I don't think we can do that without everybody's help.
I don't think we can do that without everyone's help.
I don't think we can do that.
I don't think we can do this.
I don't think we can eat this.
I don't think we can expect somebody else to solve our problems.
I don't think we can expect someone else to solve our problems.
I don't think we can finish the job alone.
I don't think we can finish the job by ourselves.
I don't think we can get home by 2:30.
I don't think we can get home by Monday.
I don't think we can guarantee your safety.
I don't think we can keep the lid on the scandal much longer; people are bound to find out.
I don't think we can make an exception.
I don't think we can move this piano by ourselves.
I don't think we can move this piano without some help.
I don't think we can pull that off.
I don't think we can pull this off.
I don't think we can really say that one is right and the other is wrong.
I don't think we can risk that.
I don't think we can say that.
I don't think we can see each other anymore.
I don't think we can take care of ourselves.
I don't think we can take that risk.
I don't think we can trust Tom anymore.
I don't think we can trust Tom as much as we used to.
I don't think we can trust Tom.
I don't think we can trust her.
I don't think we can trust him.
I don't think we can trust the polls to tell us what the general populace thinks about the candidates.
I don't think we can wait any longer.
I don't think we can wait much longer.
I don't think we can wait until 2:30.
I don't think we can wait until Monday.
I don't think we can wait until October.
I don't think we can wait until tomorrow.
I don't think we can win.
I don't think we could do that even if we tried.
I don't think we could do that.
I don't think we could survive on just my salary.
I don't think we could've helped Tom do that.
I don't think we did anything wrong.
I don't think we did it right.
I don't think we did that right.
I don't think we have a choice.
I don't think we have a particular word for it.
I don't think we have a particular word for that.
I don't think we have any chance of winning.
I don't think we have any choice but to do that.
I don't think we have any choice.
I don't think we have anything to explain.
I don't think we have enough food to feed everyone.
I don't think we have enough food.
I don't think we have enough money to buy everything we need.
I don't think we have enough money.
I don't think we have enough paint thinner.
I don't think we have enough paint.
I don't think we have enough time to do that.
I don't think we have enough time.
I don't think we have much time.
I don't think we have reason to celebrate.
I don't think we have that kind of time.
I don't think we have the time for that.
I don't think we have to do anything else today.
I don't think we have to do anything else.
I don't think we have to do that this morning.
I don't think we have to do that today.
I don't think we have to do that.
I don't think we have to do this now.
I don't think we have to do this.
I don't think we have to go any further.
I don't think we have to stay here any longer.
I don't think we have to wait for Tom.
I don't think we have to worry about anybody showing up tonight.
I don't think we have to worry about anyone showing up tonight.
I don't think we kept score.
I don't think we need Tom's help.
I don't think we need any more of those.
I don't think we need permission to do that.
I don't think we need permission to do this.
I don't think we need that.
I don't think we need this anymore.
I don't think we need this.
I don't think we need to buy this.
I don't think we need to do it.
I don't think we need to do that this week.
I don't think we need to do that today.
I don't think we need to do that.
I don't think we need to do this.
I don't think we need to make Tom do that.
I don't think we need to wait for Tom.
I don't think we need to worry about that now.
I don't think we need to worry.
I don't think we ought to be doing this right now.
I don't think we ought to be doing this.
I don't think we ought to do that.
I don't think we really have to do that.
I don't think we really need to attend that meeting.
I don't think we really need to do that.
I don't think we really need to do this.
I don't think we should agree to do that.
I don't think we should ask Tom to do that.
I don't think we should ask Tom to pay for everything.
I don't think we should be doing this now.
I don't think we should be doing this.
I don't think we should be fighting.
I don't think we should be talking about this here.
I don't think we should be talking about this right now.
I don't think we should be talking about this.
I don't think we should be talking to each other.
I don't think we should buy such an expensive car.
I don't think we should buy this.
I don't think we should compromise.
I don't think we should delay doing that any longer.
I don't think we should discuss that here.
I don't think we should do that again.
I don't think we should do that anymore.
I don't think we should do that by ourselves.
I don't think we should do that here.
I don't think we should do that now.
I don't think we should do that the way Tom told us to.
I don't think we should do that the way you're suggesting.
I don't think we should do that the way you've suggested.
I don't think we should do that today.
I don't think we should do that until next month.
I don't think we should do that with Tom.
I don't think we should do that yet.
I don't think we should do that.
I don't think we should drink this water.
I don't think we should eat this.
I don't think we should even consider buying a new car at this time.
I don't think we should even consider doing that.
I don't think we should even consider singing.
I don't think we should even try doing that.
I don't think we should even try to do that.
I don't think we should get involved.
I don't think we should go outside in this storm.
I don't think we should go outside today.
I don't think we should go there by ourselves.
I don't think we should go there.
I don't think we should go this way.
I don't think we should go to Australia next month.
I don't think we should go to Boston next weekend.
I don't think we should go to Tom's party.
I don't think we should go with Tom.
I don't think we should go yet.
I don't think we should hang around.
I don't think we should kiss.
I don't think we should leave Mary here by herself.
I don't think we should leave Tom and Mary here by themselves.
I don't think we should leave Tom here by himself.
I don't think we should leave the door unlocked.
I don't think we should leave the windows open.
I don't think we should leave until Tom gets here.
I don't think we should leave yet.
I don't think we should lock the door.
I don't think we should make an exception.
I don't think we should need to pay that much.
I don't think we should open the windows.
I don't think we should rely on Tom too much.
I don't think we should say anything about that.
I don't think we should see each other any more.
I don't think we should see each other anymore.
I don't think we should show Tom how to do that.
I don't think we should shut the window.
I don't think we should start second-guessing ourselves.
I don't think we should start second-guessing ourselves. I think we should proceed normally.
I don't think we should stay at the same hotel that we stayed at last time.
I don't think we should stay at the same hotel we stayed at last time.
I don't think we should stay at the same hotel where we stayed last time.
I don't think we should stay at this hotel.
I don't think we should stay here any longer.
I don't think we should stay here much longer.
I don't think we should stay here tonight.
I don't think we should stay here.
I don't think we should stay in Boston much longer.
I don't think we should stay.
I don't think we should stop right now.
I don't think we should stop seeing each other.
I don't think we should take Tom with us.
I don't think we should take that kind of risk.
I don't think we should talk about that now.
I don't think we should tell Tom about that.
I don't think we should tell Tom about what happened.
I don't think we should tell Tom about what we did.
I don't think we should tell Tom that we're going to Boston.
I don't think we should tell Tom we're going to Boston.
I don't think we should tell Tom what Mary did yesterday.
I don't think we should tell Tom what Mary did.
I don't think we should tell Tom.
I don't think we should tell anybody about this yet.
I don't think we should tell anybody about what happened here today.
I don't think we should tell anybody just yet.
I don't think we should tell anyone just yet.
I don't think we should touch anything.
I don't think we should trust Tom's judgment.
I don't think we should trust Tom.
I don't think we should try doing that again.
I don't think we should wait any longer.
I don't think we should wait.
I don't think we slept at all.
I don't think we spend enough on advertising.
I don't think we want to go down that road.
I don't think we want to know all the details.
I don't think we want to know.
I don't think we want to risk that happening.
I don't think we were confused.
I don't think we were followed.
I don't think we were invited to Tom's party.
I don't think we were seen.
I don't think we were spotted.
I don't think we will see each other again.
I don't think we'd be allowed to do that.
I don't think we'd have any chance of winning.
I don't think we'll be able to beat anybody.
I don't think we'll be able to convince Tom to do that.
I don't think we'll be able to do that on such short notice.
I don't think we'll be able to do that until the day after tomorrow.
I don't think we'll be able to do that.
I don't think we'll be able to hang out together tonight.
I don't think we'll be able to help out tomorrow.
I don't think we'll be able to help you today.
I don't think we'll be able to help you.
I don't think we'll be able to prove it.
I don't think we'll be able to prove that.
I don't think we'll be able to solve this problem by ourselves.
I don't think we'll be able to solve this problem today.
I don't think we'll be able to solve this problem without a little help.
I don't think we'll be able to solve this problem.
I don't think we'll be able to win.
I don't think we'll be hearing from Tom for quite a while.
I don't think we'll be using this room again.
I don't think we'll do that anytime soon.
I don't think we'll do that by ourselves.
I don't think we'll do that here.
I don't think we'll do that in the near future.
I don't think we'll do that this week.
I don't think we'll do that while we're in Boston.
I don't think we'll do that with Tom.
I don't think we'll do that.
I don't think we'll ever find out who did that.
I don't think we'll ever know what Tom really did.
I don't think we'll ever know what happened to Tom.
I don't think we'll ever know what happened.
I don't think we'll ever know why Tom did that.
I don't think we'll ever know why Tom didn't do that.
I don't think we'll ever know.
I don't think we'll ever see Tom again.
I don't think we'll find anybody willing to do that for you.
I don't think we'll find anyone who can do that for us.
I don't think we'll find anyone who can do that for you.
I don't think we'll find anyone who can help us do that.
I don't think we'll find anyone who can help us.
I don't think we'll find anyone who'll do that for you.
I don't think we'll get any more information about that.
I don't think we'll get home before dark.
I don't think we'll get home until after dark.
I don't think we'll have a problem with that.
I don't think we'll have any problem raising the money we need.
I don't think we'll have any problem with raising the money that we need.
I don't think we'll have any problem with raising the money we need.
I don't think we'll have enough time to do that.
I don't think we'll have enough time to finish doing this today.
I don't think we'll have enough time.
I don't think we'll make it on time.
I don't think we'll meet Tom today.
I don't think we'll meet again for a long time.
I don't think we'll meet again.
I don't think we'll need to ask Tom and Mary to do that for us.
I don't think we'll need to ask Tom and Mary to help us do that.
I don't think we'll need to ask Tom to do that for us.
I don't think we'll need to ask Tom to help us do that.
I don't think we'll need to stay here much longer.
I don't think we'll need to worry about that.
I don't think we'll reach Boston before dark.
I don't think we'll see Tom again.
I don't think we'll see Tom today.
I don't think we'll see each other again until October.
I don't think we'll see each other again.
I don't think we'll win.
I don't think we're allowed to do that.
I don't think we're alone in this cave.
I don't think we're alone.
I don't think we're capable of doing that.
I don't think we're ever going to find out who did that.
I don't think we're getting anywhere.
I don't think we're going to be able to be at your party tonight.
I don't think we're going to be able to be there.
I don't think we're going to be able to catch the train that you want to catch.
I don't think we're going to be able to catch the train you want to catch.
I don't think we're going to be able to do that.
I don't think we're going to do that by ourselves.
I don't think we're going to do that today.
I don't think we're going to do that until next week.
I don't think we're going to do that with Tom.
I don't think we're going to do that.
I don't think we're going to have to do that.
I don't think we're going to make it there on time.
I don't think we're going to make it to your party.
I don't think we're going to make it.
I don't think we're going to need Tom's help.
I don't think we're going to need to do that.
I don't think we're going to see Tom today.
I don't think we're in Australia anymore.
I don't think we're in Boston anymore.
I don't think we're losing.
I don't think we're meant for each other.
I don't think we're ready to do that yet.
I don't think we're ready to leave yet.
I don't think we're ready.
I don't think we're right for each other anymore.
I don't think we're supposed to be here.
I don't think we're supposed to do that.
I don't think we're there yet.
I don't think we're welcome around here anymore.
I don't think we're welcome here.
I don't think we've actually met.
I don't think we've been helping Tom enough.
I don't think we've been introduced.
I don't think we've done anything illegal.
I don't think we've done anything we weren't supposed to do.
I don't think we've done anything wrong.
I don't think we've ever met.
I don't think we've forgotten anything.
I don't think we've got a particular word for it.
I don't think we've got a particular word for that.
I don't think we've got much time.
I don't think we've got your phone number, have we?
I don't think we've met before, have we?
I don't think we've met.
I don't think we've seen the last of Tom.
I don't think we've seen the worst of it yet.
I don't think what I did was wrong.
I don't think what Tom did was appropriate.
I don't think what Tom did was as difficult as it seemed.
I don't think what Tom did was easy.
I don't think what Tom did was right.
I don't think what Tom did was wrong.
I don't think what Tom said is true.
I don't think what Tom said made any sense.
I don't think what Tom said was accurate.
I don't think what Tom said was true.
I don't think what they tried to do was right.
I don't think what we did helped.
I don't think what we did made any difference.
I don't think what you did would impress Tom.
I don't think what you need has been invented yet.
I don't think what you're doing is legal.
I don't think women are better than men, but I do think that men are worse than women.
I don't think you and I can do that by ourselves.
I don't think you and I'll be able to do that by ourselves.
I don't think you are a fit little girl for Diana to associate with. You'd better go home and behave yourself.
I don't think you are guilty.
I don't think you are the same age as me.
I don't think you are trustworthy.
I don't think you believe Tom.
I don't think you believe that.
I don't think you can beat me.
I don't think you can change it.
I don't think you can convince Tom to stop doing that.
I don't think you can count on Tom.
I don't think you can do that by yourself.
I don't think you can do that by yourselves.
I don't think you can do that without my help.
I don't think you can do that.
I don't think you can do this.
I don't think you can eat that.
I don't think you can explain that.
I don't think you can finish this job by yourself.
I don't think you can gain his ear.
I don't think you can handle deepthroat, cupcake.
I don't think you can help me.
I don't think you can ignore this problem anymore.
I don't think you can just redefine that word like that.
I don't think you can make any exceptions.
I don't think you can owe a favor.
I don't think you can sell that.
I don't think you can stop Tom from doing that.
I don't think you can win.
I don't think you can work.
I don't think you could do that.
I don't think you could ever do that by yourself.
I don't think you could ever do that by yourselves.
I don't think you could persuade Tom not to do that.
I don't think you could persuade Tom to do that.
I don't think you could stop that from happening.
I don't think you could've parked any further away!
I don't think you did a very good job.
I don't think you did a very thorough job.
I don't think you did this by yourself.
I don't think you did this.
I don't think you did what Tom said you did.
I don't think you did what you said you did.
I don't think you did.
I don't think you fully understand the consequences.
I don't think you have a choice.
I don't think you have all the facts.
I don't think you have any other choice.
I don't think you have any other option.
I don't think you have anything to worry about.
I don't think you have much choice.
I don't think you have really understood me.
I don't think you have the guts to do that.
I don't think you have the guts.
I don't think you have the heart.
I don't think you have to do that by yourself.
I don't think you have to do that by yourselves.
I don't think you have to do that today.
I don't think you have to do that.
I don't think you have to know it.
I don't think you have to worry about Tom anymore.
I don't think you heard me the first time.
I don't think you heard me.
I don't think you heard what I said.
I don't think you know anything.
I don't think you know how to drive a car.
I don't think you know what you want.
I don't think you know what you're asking.
I don't think you love me as much as I love you.
I don't think you made a good investment.
I don't think you mean that.
I don't think you need a big table in such a small flat.
I don't think you need an umbrella.
I don't think you need it.
I don't think you need that much money to buy what you need.
I don't think you need to be at tomorrow's meeting.
I don't think you need to be doing this.
I don't think you need to be worried about that.
I don't think you need to change.
I don't think you need to do anything more.
I don't think you need to do that again.
I don't think you need to do that anymore.
I don't think you need to do that if you don't want to.
I don't think you need to do that today.
I don't think you need to do that.
I don't think you need to give an explanation.
I don't think you need to help me anymore.
I don't think you need to help us today.
I don't think you need to say anything more.
I don't think you need to tell Tom and Mary anything about what happened.
I don't think you need to tell Tom and Mary anything.
I don't think you need to tell Tom anything about what happened.
I don't think you need to tell Tom anything.
I don't think you need to tell Tom everything.
I don't think you need to tell Tom that you plan to do that.
I don't think you need to tell Tom that you're going to do that.
I don't think you need to tell Tom that you're planning on doing that.
I don't think you need to tell Tom that you're planning to do that.
I don't think you need to tell Tom what Mary did.
I don't think you need to tell Tom what Mary is planning to do.
I don't think you need to tell Tom what Mary plans to do.
I don't think you need to tell Tom what Mary said she was going to do.
I don't think you need to tell Tom what Mary said she's going to do.
I don't think you need to tell Tom what Mary said that she was going to do.
I don't think you need to tell Tom what Mary said that she's going to do.
I don't think you need to tell Tom what Mary wants to do.
I don't think you need to tell Tom what he has to do.
I don't think you need to tell Tom what he needs to do.
I don't think you need to tell Tom what needs to be done.
I don't think you need to tell Tom what to do.
I don't think you need to tell Tom what you did.
I don't think you need to tell Tom what you plan to do.
I don't think you need to tell Tom what you're going to do.
I don't think you need to tell Tom what you're planning to do.
I don't think you need to tell Tom why Mary isn't here.
I don't think you need to tell Tom why Mary wasn't here yesterday.
I don't think you need to tell Tom why he wasn't invited to Mary's party.
I don't think you need to tell Tom why you did that.
I don't think you need to tell Tom why you didn't do that.
I don't think you need to tell Tom why you don't like Mary.
I don't think you need to tell Tom why you have to do that.
I don't think you need to tell Tom why you need to do that.
I don't think you need to tell Tom why you want to do that.
I don't think you need to tell Tom why you went Australia last month.
I don't think you need to tell Tom why you went to Australia.
I don't think you need to tell Tom why you went to Boston last week.
I don't think you need to tell Tom why you went to Boston.
I don't think you need to tell Tom why you were absent yesterday.
I don't think you need to tell Tom why you weren't here on Monday.
I don't think you need to tell Tom why you weren't here on October 20th.
I don't think you need to tell Tom you plan to do that.
I don't think you need to tell Tom you're going to do that.
I don't think you need to tell Tom you're planning on doing that.
I don't think you need to tell Tom you're planning to do that.
I don't think you need to worry about Tom.
I don't think you need to worry about that anymore.
I don't think you need to worry about tomorrow.
I don't think you need to worry about what might happen.
I don't think you need to worry so much.
I don't think you need to worry so much; you'll be fine.
I don't think you ought to do that by yourself.
I don't think you ought to do that by yourselves.
I don't think you ought to do that here.
I don't think you ought to do that until this afternoon.
I don't think you ought to do that with Tom.
I don't think you ought to do that.
I don't think you ought to.
I don't think you quite grasp the idea.
I don't think you realize how important this is.
I don't think you realize how much I miss you.
I don't think you realize how stupid that idea is.
I don't think you realize how stupid that is.
I don't think you realize it.
I don't think you realize what you're saying.
I don't think you realize what you're suggesting.
I don't think you realize what you've done.
I don't think you really believe that.
I don't think you really care.
I don't think you really have to do that until tomorrow.
I don't think you really have to do that.
I don't think you really know anything about our religion.
I don't think you really know me.
I don't think you really meant that.
I don't think you really need to do that today.
I don't think you really need to do that.
I don't think you really understand what I'm trying to say.
I don't think you really understand what needs to be done.
I don't think you really understand.
I don't think you really want to call attention to that.
I don't think you really want to do that.
I don't think you really want to know.
I don't think you said anything wrong.
I don't think you should agree to do that.
I don't think you should argue with your boss.
I don't think you should ask Tom to do that.
I don't think you should be afraid to ask questions.
I don't think you should be alarmed.
I don't think you should be doing that by yourself.
I don't think you should be doing that by yourselves.
I don't think you should be doing that here.
I don't think you should be doing that now.
I don't think you should be doing that.
I don't think you should believe Tom.
I don't think you should blame yourself for everything.
I don't think you should borrow money from Tom.
I don't think you should buy that car.
I don't think you should buy that.
I don't think you should call Tom.
I don't think you should compare yourself to others.
I don't think you should do it.
I don't think you should do that again.
I don't think you should do that anymore.
I don't think you should do that by yourself.
I don't think you should do that by yourselves.
I don't think you should do that here.
I don't think you should do that now.
I don't think you should do that today.
I don't think you should do that with Tom.
I don't think you should do that.
I don't think you should do what Tom asked you to do.
I don't think you should do what Tom tells you to do.
I don't think you should drink that water.
I don't think you should drive so fast.
I don't think you should drive.
I don't think you should eat so much junk food.
I don't think you should eat that.
I don't think you should follow Tom's advice.
I don't think you should get married.
I don't think you should give up so easily.
I don't think you should go out with Tom.
I don't think you should go there by car.
I don't think you should go there by yourself.
I don't think you should go there by yourselves.
I don't think you should go there with Tom.
I don't think you should go there.
I don't think you should go to Australia.
I don't think you should go to Boston.
I don't think you should go to work if you still have a cough.
I don't think you should go.
I don't think you should have done that.
I don't think you should have left early.
I don't think you should hesitate to speak your mind.
I don't think you should keep everything to yourself.
I don't think you should leave Tom alone.
I don't think you should leave until tomorrow.
I don't think you should leave.
I don't think you should marry Tom.
I don't think you should quit your job without a backup plan.
I don't think you should quit your job.
I don't think you should say any more.
I don't think you should see Tom any more.
I don't think you should see Tom anymore.
I don't think you should show Tom how to do that.
I don't think you should skip breakfast.
I don't think you should spend any more time trying to do that.
I don't think you should spend so much money on that.
I don't think you should stay up so late.
I don't think you should take Tom to Australia with you.
I don't think you should take Tom to Boston with you.
I don't think you should take that risk.
I don't think you should talk to Tom that way.
I don't think you should tell Tom how to do that.
I don't think you should tell Tom that.
I don't think you should tell Tom the truth.
I don't think you should tell Tom what to do.
I don't think you should trust Tom too much.
I don't think you should try doing that by yourself.
I don't think you should try doing that by yourselves.
I don't think you should try to do that by yourself.
I don't think you should try to do that by yourselves.
I don't think you should wait until the last minute.
I don't think you should worry about it too much.
I don't think you should worry about what others think.
I don't think you should worry so much about the future.
I don't think you should worry so much.
I don't think you should've done that.
I don't think you should've left early.
I don't think you should.
I don't think you speak French better than I do.
I don't think you speak the truth.
I don't think you tried hard enough.
I don't think you two should get married.
I don't think you understand how important this is to me.
I don't think you understand how important this is.
I don't think you understand how much this means to me.
I don't think you understand me.
I don't think you understand the problem.
I don't think you understand the repercussions your actions have caused.
I don't think you understand the situation.
I don't think you understand what I'm trying to say.
I don't think you understand what nirvana really means.
I don't think you understand what the Big Bang is.
I don't think you understand what this means to me.
I don't think you understand what this means.
I don't think you understand what's going on.
I don't think you understand what's happening.
I don't think you understand.
I don't think you understood the question.
I don't think you want that.
I don't think you want to hear about my problems.
I don't think you want to hear it.
I don't think you want to know the answer to that question.
I don't think you want to know the answer.
I don't think you want to take that chance.
I don't think you were followed.
I don't think you would do that.
I don't think you'd be able to do that.
I don't think you'd do that.
I don't think you'd enjoy doing that.
I don't think you'd enjoy it.
I don't think you'd like doing this.
I don't think you'd like it.
I don't think you'd like that.
I don't think you'd recognize Tom anymore.
I don't think you'd understand it.
I don't think you'd understand.
I don't think you'd win.
I don't think you'll be able to do that.
I don't think you'll be able to get Tom to do that.
I don't think you'll be able to persuade Tom to do that.
I don't think you'll be able to win.
I don't think you'll be allowed to do that.
I don't think you'll be alone.
I don't think you'll be disappointed.
I don't think you'll be permitted to do that.
I don't think you'll be seeing him again.
I don't think you'll be seeing him any more.
I don't think you'll die today.
I don't think you'll do it.
I don't think you'll do that.
I don't think you'll ever be able to do that.
I don't think you'll get a chance to do that.
I don't think you'll get it.
I don't think you'll get punished.
I don't think you'll go to Bulgaria for work.
I don't think you'll have much fun doing that.
I don't think you'll have that problem.
I don't think you'll have the same problems I had.
I don't think you'll have the time to do that today.
I don't think you'll have to wait as long as I did.
I don't think you'll have to wait for more than three hours.
I don't think you'll like that.
I don't think you'll like the alternative.
I don't think you'll like this book.
I don't think you'll like this movie.
I don't think you'll like this.
I don't think you'll make it in the special forces.
I don't think you'll make it.
I don't think you'll need an umbrella today.
I don't think you'll see him any more.
I don't think you'll win.
I don't think you're a good suit for Anna.
I don't think you're a jinx.
I don't think you're actually silenced.
I don't think you're allowed to do that here.
I don't think you're allowed to do that.
I don't think you're an idiot.
I don't think you're as good a driver as you say you are.
I don't think you're as good of a driver as Tom.
I don't think you're as good of a driver as you say you are.
I don't think you're being honest with me.
I don't think you're being honest with us.
I don't think you're being honest.
I don't think you're being objective.
I don't think you're being realistic.
I don't think you're being reasonable.
I don't think you're boring.
I don't think you're built for this life.
I don't think you're crazy.
I don't think you're cute.
I don't think you're doing that as well as you could with a little help.
I don't think you're doing that correctly.
I don't think you're doing that the right way.
I don't think you're fat.
I don't think you're finished yet.
I don't think you're fit to be a teacher here.
I don't think you're funny.
I don't think you're getting their point.
I don't think you're going to be able to do that.
I don't think you're going to have the chance to meet Tom.
I don't think you're going to need me to help you anymore.
I don't think you're going to need my assistance anymore.
I don't think you're guilty.
I don't think you're heartless.
I don't think you're in any danger.
I don't think you're listening to me.
I don't think you're lying.
I don't think you're old.
I don't think you're ready to do that yet.
I don't think you're ready to do that.
I don't think you're ready.
I don't think you're really sorry.
I don't think you're right.
I don't think you're schizophrenic.
I don't think you're scientists.
I don't think you're sick.
I don't think you're smart enough to get into Harvard.
I don't think you're strange.
I don't think you're stupid.
I don't think you're supposed to be here.
I don't think you're telling the truth.
I don't think you're the kind of person who would do that kind of thing.
I don't think you're the kind of person who would do that.
I don't think you're the right person for me.
I don't think you're the right person for the job.
I don't think you're trying hard enough.
I don't think you're trying very hard to find Tom.
I don't think you're ugly.
I don't think you're weird.
I don't think you're wrong.
I don't think you've been listening to me.
I don't think you've been paying attention.
I don't think you've broken any bones.
I don't think you've done that as many times as I have.
I don't think you've done that right.
I don't think you've ever done that.
I don't think you've ever met Tom.
I don't think you've got much choice.
I don't think you've really understood me.
I don't think you've tried hard enough.
I don't think you've understood what I said.
I don't think your alarm went off.
I don't think your approach will work.
I don't think your father would approve.
I don't think your joke was very appropriate.
I don't think your life is pathetic.
I don't think your mother likes him.
I don't think your mother will like it.
I don't think your mother would approve.
I don't think your mum will like Tom.
I don't think your name is really Tom.
I don't think your name's Tom.
I don't think your parents would approve.
I don't think your plan is feasible.
I don't think your plan will work.
I don't think your posts are spammy.
I don't think your seeing him is good for you.
I don't think, therefore I am not.
I don't think, therefore I do not follow.
I don't think, therefore I don't exist.
I don't throw rocks at anyone.
I don't tolerate amateurs.
I don't tolerate incompetence.
I don't tolerate insubordination.
I don't tolerate savagery, much less in a country that claims to be democratic.
I don't tolerate screw-ups.
I don't tolerate such conduct.
I don't tolerate swindlers.
I don't tolerate that kind of behavior.
I don't tolerate that kind of behaviour.
I don't tolerate this kind of behaviour in my restaurant!
I don't totally agree with you.
I don't totally understand that.
I don't totally understand the rules.
I don't touch the dolls that my father buys me.
I don't touch them.
I don't train anyone.
I don't train their dogs.
I don't trample your wheat.
I don't translate English to Japanese word-for-word.
I don't translate for free.
I don't translate for you!
I don't translate novels anymore.
I don't translate sentences about Tom, Mary and Boston, unless they're caricatural.
I don't translate, therefore I am not.
I don't travel much.
I don't travel very much.
I don't travel very often.
I don't treat you like enemies.
I don't tremble with cold, rather with anger, that it hasn't got any colder.
I don't trust Herbert around children.
I don't trust Maria.
I don't trust Tom any longer.
I don't trust Tom any more than I trust Mary.
I don't trust Tom anymore.
I don't trust Tom at all.
I don't trust Tom one bit.
I don't trust Tom with my car.
I don't trust Tom with my children.
I don't trust Tom.
I don't trust any of it.
I don't trust any of you.
I don't trust anybody but myself.
I don't trust anybody else to do that for me.
I don't trust anybody.
I don't trust anyone any longer.
I don't trust anyone any more.
I don't trust anyone anymore.
I don't trust anyone but myself.
I don't trust anyone else to do it for me.
I don't trust anyone else to do that for me.
I don't trust anyone except myself.
I don't trust anyone here.
I don't trust anyone, not even Tom.
I don't trust anyone.
I don't trust anything anymore.
I don't trust banks.
I don't trust beautiful women.
I don't trust businessmen.
I don't trust cops.
I don't trust either one of them.
I don't trust governments.
I don't trust her at all.
I don't trust her.
I don't trust him any longer.
I don't trust him any more.
I don't trust him anymore.
I don't trust him at all - he's a snake in the grass, always looking out for himself.
I don't trust him at all.
I don't trust him.
I don't trust him; be careful what you say when he's around.
I don't trust his story.
I don't trust it.
I don't trust local TV.
I don't trust many people.
I don't trust men anymore.
I don't trust men.
I don't trust my government.
I don't trust my husband.
I don't trust my neighbor anymore.
I don't trust myself.
I don't trust people like Tom.
I don't trust people who don't have their own thoughts.
I don't trust people who have weapons.
I don't trust people with weapons.
I don't trust police officers.
I don't trust politicians.
I don't trust polls.
I don't trust robots.
I don't trust strangers.
I don't trust talkative people.
I don't trust that guy.
I don't trust that woman at all.
I don't trust that.
I don't trust the administration.
I don't trust the government channel.
I don't trust the government television channel.
I don't trust the media.
I don't trust the police.
I don't trust the tailor.
I don't trust the television.
I don't trust the weather.
I don't trust them anymore.
I don't trust them at all.
I don't trust them.
I don't trust these surveys.
I don't trust this Tatoeba group.
I don't trust this data.
I don't trust this driver.
I don't trust what Tom says.
I don't trust what anybody says.
I don't trust what anyone says.
I don't trust women.
I don't trust you any more.
I don't trust you anymore.
I don't trust you at all.
I don't trust you because you're a cop and you think like a cop.
I don't trust you completely.
I don't trust you either.
I don't trust you.
I don't trust your judgement of good and bad.
I don't trust your judgement of what's right and wrong.
I don't try to please everyone.
I don't try to understand.
I don't turn thirty until October.
I don't type very fast.
I don't unbox them.
I don't understand Australian football.
I don't understand Australians.
I don't understand Berber.
I don't understand British humor.
I don't understand British humour.
I don't understand Chinese, but I want to learn.
I don't understand Christmas.
I don't understand Dutch, because it's difficult.
I don't understand Dutch. It's difficult.
I don't understand English at all.
I don't understand English or Japanese, and I'm sick of it.
I don't understand English or Japanese, and it's driving me crazy!
I don't understand English, let alone German.
I don't understand English.
I don't understand French at all.
I don't understand French very well.
I don't understand French well enough to evaluate poetry in the language.
I don't understand French, because it's difficult.
I don't understand French, but I get the feeling that they're talking about me.
I don't understand French, but it's one of the languages that I want to learn.
I don't understand French.
I don't understand French. It's difficult.
I don't understand German at all.
I don't understand German.
I don't understand Hungarian, but I can read it aloud.
I don't understand Hungarian, sorry.
I don't understand Japanese at all.
I don't understand Japanese.
I don't understand Polish.
I don't understand Portuguese.
I don't understand Swiss German.
I don't understand Tagalog.
I don't understand Tom at all.
I don't understand Tom sometimes.
I don't understand Tom the way you do.
I don't understand Tom's anger.
I don't understand Tom's motives.
I don't understand Tom's obsession with guns.
I don't understand Tom's poem.
I don't understand Tom's reluctance to do that.
I don't understand Tom's strategy.
I don't understand Tom, either.
I don't understand Tom.
I don't understand a fucking thing.
I don't understand a lick of Russian.
I don't understand a single word of what she says.
I don't understand a single word of what you are saying.
I don't understand a single word.
I don't understand a thing about that result.
I don't understand a thing here.
I don't understand a thing you're saying.
I don't understand a thing.
I don't understand a word of what Tom is saying.
I don't understand a word of what he says.
I don't understand a word of what he's saying.
I don't understand a word of what you're saying.
I don't understand a word you're saying.
I don't understand a word.
I don't understand abstract art, truthfully.
I don't understand all that you are writing.
I don't understand all the fuss about his new album.
I don't understand all the soccer mania.
I don't understand all these rules.
I don't understand and I'm not used to not understanding. Please explain it once more.
I don't understand any French.
I don't understand any of it.
I don't understand any of this stuff.
I don't understand any of this.
I don't understand anything about art.
I don't understand anything anymore.
I don't understand anything at all.
I don't understand anything you're saying.
I don't understand anything!
I don't understand anything.
I don't understand art.
I don't understand at all.
I don't understand clowns and I don't care about their performance.
I don't understand dog language.
I don't understand either.
I don't understand electronics shoptalk.
I don't understand everything that is being said in Berber.
I don't understand girls at all.
I don't understand her idea.
I don't understand her words.
I don't understand her.
I don't understand him sometimes.
I don't understand him.
I don't understand his idea.
I don't understand his joke.
I don't understand his obsession with soccer.
I don't understand his reason for being there.
I don't understand his reasoning at all.
I don't understand his reluctance to go.
I don't understand his thinking.
I don't understand his way of thinking at all.
I don't understand his words.
I don't understand how I could have made such a mistake.
I don't understand how I could have made this mistake.
I don't understand how I could've made such a mistake.
I don't understand how I could've made this mistake.
I don't understand how Tom could do this.
I don't understand how a teacher can tolerate being around preschoolers all day.
I don't understand how he can speak with a cigarette in his mouth.
I don't understand how he changed his mind!
I don't understand how in the world they can take your stuff for safekeeping, but then the post office guy has the nerve to tell you "Sorry, we lost it" and expect that to be the end of it.
I don't understand how it could have happened.
I don't understand how it could've happened.
I don't understand how it happened.
I don't understand how people can deny these sorts of things.
I don't understand how people can deny these things.
I don't understand how she changed her mind!
I don't understand how she did that. That was a miracle.
I don't understand how someone like that could ever be interested in a loser like me.
I don't understand how someone so rich can complain so much.
I don't understand how that could've happened.
I don't understand how that happened.
I don't understand how that works.
I don't understand how the human brain works.
I don't understand how they can afford to spend so much money on clothes.
I don't understand how things went so wrong.
I don't understand how this could have happened.
I don't understand how this could've happened.
I don't understand how this works.
I don't understand how to do it.
I don't understand how to do that.
I don't understand how to hold chopsticks.
I don't understand how to solve this problem.
I don't understand how to use it.
I don't understand how we can like that.
I don't understand how wine can be dry. Isn't it literally liquid?
I don't understand how you can always be so happy.
I don't understand how you can do so much.
I don't understand how you can just sit there and not do anything.
I don't understand how you can like this pub.
I don't understand how you can say that.
I don't understand how you can understand that language.
I don't understand how you could possibly think that's a reasonable position to have.
I don't understand how you know my name.
I don't understand how you still have the nerve to look me in the face.
I don't understand how you talk to her.
I don't understand how you talk to him.
I don't understand how you were able to do that.
I don't understand it at all.
I don't understand it completely, but I'll try to do what I can.
I don't understand it either.
I don't understand it myself.
I don't understand it very well, but I think I get the gist of it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand its significance.
I don't understand legalese.
I don't understand modern art.
I don't understand modern painting.
I don't understand much French.
I don't understand much about it.
I don't understand much of what Tom says.
I don't understand music.
I don't understand my brain.
I don't understand my feelings.
I don't understand my own feelings.
I don't understand myself anymore.
I don't understand myself either.
I don't understand myself.
I don't understand opera.
I don't understand people like Tom.
I don't understand people that dinner breakfast.
I don't understand people who eat breakfast for dinner.
I don't understand politics.
I don't understand quantum mechanics.
I don't understand quantum physics.
I don't understand science.
I don't understand some people's ways and how they can be so inconsiderate of others.
I don't understand some people.
I don't understand something.
I don't understand that at all.
I don't understand that idiom.
I don't understand that last sentence.
I don't understand that logic.
I don't understand that myself.
I don't understand that question.
I don't understand that word.
I don't understand that.
I don't understand the English or the Japanese, and it's driving me nuts.
I don't understand the aerodynamics.
I don't understand the analogy.
I don't understand the context.
I don't understand the exact meaning of this sentence.
I don't understand the issue.
I don't understand the local dialect.
I don't understand the lyrics of this song at all.
I don't understand the math.
I don't understand the meaning of the question.
I don't understand the meaning of this phrase.
I don't understand the meaning of this sentence.
I don't understand the meaning of this word.
I don't understand the meaning of your sentence.
I don't understand the mistake.
I don't understand the news.
I don't understand the plan at all.
I don't understand the plot.
I don't understand the problem.
I don't understand the problem; I could make neither head nor tail of it.
I don't understand the program whose lines of code are too long.
I don't understand the purpose of this project.
I don't understand the purpose of your question.
I don't understand the question.
I don't understand the questions that the teacher asks.
I don't understand the questions that the teacher sets.
I don't understand the reason.
I don't understand the reasons behind his decision.
I don't understand the rules completely.
I don't understand the rules of the game.
I don't understand the science, but the smoke made for beautiful sunsets.
I don't understand the sentence.
I don't understand the subtext.
I don't understand the way Tom thinks.
I don't understand the way he thinks.
I don't understand the way that Tom thinks.
I don't understand the way that he thinks.
I don't understand the way to hold chopsticks.
I don't understand the words on the face of the coin.
I don't understand the world anymore.
I don't understand the world anymore. Well, actually I just now realize that I never understood it.
I don't understand the world today.
I don't understand their culture.
I don't understand their humor.
I don't understand their idea.
I don't understand their insinuations. I don't know what they want, really.
I don't understand their way of thinking.
I don't understand their words, but I know that they're speaking French.
I don't understand them.
I don't understand these legal documents.
I don't understand these new rules.
I don't understand these questions.
I don't understand these.
I don't understand this at all.
I don't understand this chart.
I don't understand this confusing grammar question.
I don't understand this country.
I don't understand this decision.
I don't understand this diagram.
I don't understand this gobbledygook.
I don't understand this graph.
I don't understand this math problem, I'm stuck.
I don't understand this metaphore.
I don't understand this novel's plot.
I don't understand this obsession of yours.
I don't understand this part.
I don't understand this part. Tom, could you show me?
I don't understand this phrase despite it being in my mother tongue.
I don't understand this poem.
I don't understand this question at all.
I don't understand this reasoning.
I don't understand this sentence at all.
I don't understand this sentence.
I don't understand this song.
I don't understand this system.
I don't understand this title.
I don't understand this word.
I don't understand this word. Could you explain it to me?
I don't understand this word. Could you paraphrase it?
I don't understand this.
I don't understand what I did to make him hate me.
I don't understand what I should do.
I don't understand what I'm looking at.
I don't understand what I'm saying.
I don't understand what I'm studying for anymore.
I don't understand what I'm supposed to do.
I don't understand what Tom and Mary are doing here.
I don't understand what Tom and Mary want me to do.
I don't understand what Tom expects me to do.
I don't understand what Tom is doing here.
I don't understand what Tom is doing.
I don't understand what Tom is saying.
I don't understand what Tom is trying to say.
I don't understand what Tom told us.
I don't understand what Tom wants me to do.
I don't understand what all of the fuss is about.
I don't understand what all the fuss is about.
I don't understand what all the secrecy is for.
I don't understand what could have happened.
I don't understand what could've happened.
I don't understand what everyone's laughing at.
I don't understand what happened.
I don't understand what he means.
I don't understand what he said.
I don't understand what he wants me to do.
I don't understand what he wants.
I don't understand what he's saying.
I don't understand what his intentions are.
I don't understand what his real intentions are.
I don't understand what is written here.
I don't understand what it is that you're trying to say, but I like it!
I don't understand what it is you want to do.
I don't understand what it means.
I don't understand what it's about.
I don't understand what just happened here.
I don't understand what she wants me to do.
I don't understand what she wants to say.
I don't understand what she's saying.
I don't understand what that guy is saying.
I don't understand what that man is talking about.
I don't understand what that means.
I don't understand what the author is trying to say.
I don't understand what the author means here.
I don't understand what the author's saying here.
I don't understand what the problem is.
I don't understand what the teacher is saying.
I don't understand what the teacher said.
I don't understand what they're saying, but I know it's French.
I don't understand what they're saying, but I know that they're speaking French.
I don't understand what they're saying, but I know they're speaking French.
I don't understand what they're saying.
I don't understand what this is.
I don't understand what this means at all.
I don't understand what this means.
I don't understand what this phrase means.
I don't understand what this sentence means.
I don't understand what went wrong.
I don't understand what you are saying.
I don't understand what you are talking about.
I don't understand what you are trying to say.
I don't understand what you expect me to do.
I don't understand what you find so interesting about squirrels.
I don't understand what you guys are saying.
I don't understand what you mean by that.
I don't understand what you mean, but I like it.
I don't understand what you mean.
I don't understand what you meant by that.
I don't understand what you see in Tom.
I don't understand what you want me to do.
I don't understand what you want to achieve with that.
I don't understand what you want to do.
I don't understand what you want to say.
I don't understand what you want.
I don't understand what you're asking me to do.
I don't understand what you're complaining about.
I don't understand what you're doing.
I don't understand what you're driving at.
I don't understand what you're getting at.
I don't understand what you're saying.
I don't understand what you're talking about.
I don't understand what you're trying to accomplish.
I don't understand what you're trying to achieve.
I don't understand what you're trying to say.
I don't understand what you've scribbled here.
I don't understand what's bothering you.
I don't understand what's going on here.
I don't understand what's going on, either.
I don't understand what's going on.
I don't understand what's happened to you, Tom.
I don't understand what's happened to you, Tom. You're not the man I married.
I don't understand what's happened to you.
I don't understand what's happening to me.
I don't understand what's happening to us.
I don't understand what's happening.
I don't understand what's making you feel this way.
I don't understand what's making you uneasy.
I don't understand what's right and what's not anymore.
I don't understand what's so funny about this.
I don't understand what's so special about that.
I don't understand what's written here.
I don't understand what's wrong with it!
I don't understand where I went wrong.
I don't understand where the trick lies here.
I don't understand why DNA is fascinating.
I don't understand why Donald is speaking to me in this manner.
I don't understand why Esther of all people would vote for such a warmonger.
I don't understand why Gabor is speaking to me in this manner.
I don't understand why Germany won the Eurovision.
I don't understand why I grabbed the guitar when I was about to sleep!
I don't understand why I had to do that.
I don't understand why I have to do that.
I don't understand why I have to do this.
I don't understand why I need to do that.
I don't understand why I need to go to your house at midnight.
I don't understand why I needed to do that.
I don't understand why I ought to do that.
I don't understand why I should do that.
I don't understand why I shouldn't do that.
I don't understand why I was supposed to do that.
I don't understand why I wasn't supposed to do that.
I don't understand why I'm not supposed to do that.
I don't understand why I'm supposed to do that.
I don't understand why Ido has to have the digraph "qu" in the orthography.
I don't understand why Mary behaves like this.
I don't understand why Mary doesn't love me anymore.
I don't understand why Mary got angry at me.
I don't understand why Mary is angry with him.
I don't understand why Tom acted that way.
I don't understand why Tom acts that way.
I don't understand why Tom and I are doing this.
I don't understand why Tom and Mary are here.
I don't understand why Tom and Mary are late.
I don't understand why Tom and Mary aren't supposed to do that.
I don't understand why Tom and Mary don't get along.
I don't understand why Tom and Mary have to do that.
I don't understand why Tom and Mary haven't done that.
I don't understand why Tom and Mary need to do that.
I don't understand why Tom behaves that way.
I don't understand why Tom behaves the way he does.
I don't understand why Tom brought you here.
I don't understand why Tom did that.
I don't understand why Tom didn't do that.
I don't understand why Tom didn't tell the truth.
I don't understand why Tom didn't want us there.
I don't understand why Tom didn't win.
I don't understand why Tom does that.
I don't understand why Tom doesn't agree.
I don't understand why Tom doesn't like me.
I don't understand why Tom doesn't love me anymore.
I don't understand why Tom feels that way.
I don't understand why Tom got angry.
I don't understand why Tom had to do that.
I don't understand why Tom has to do that.
I don't understand why Tom hasn't done that.
I don't understand why Tom is here.
I don't understand why Tom is late.
I don't understand why Tom is so angry.
I don't understand why Tom is so cross.
I don't understand why Tom is so mad at me.
I don't understand why Tom is so mad.
I don't understand why Tom is so self-conscious about his French.
I don't understand why Tom isn't supposed to do that.
I don't understand why Tom needed to do that.
I don't understand why Tom needs to do that.
I don't understand why Tom ought to do that.
I don't understand why Tom said that.
I don't understand why Tom should do that.
I don't understand why Tom shouldn't do that.
I don't understand why Tom wants to go back to Boston after all that.
I don't understand why Tom was supposed to do that.
I don't understand why Tom wasn't supposed to do that.
I don't understand why Tom would leave his umbrella in the car.
I don't understand why Tom would lie about something so silly.
I don't understand why Tom would lie on the Internet.
I don't understand why Tom would lie to us.
I don't understand why Tom would lie.
I don't understand why Tom would take such a risk.
I don't understand why Tom would want to go back to Boston after all that.
I don't understand why Tom's supposed to do that.
I don't understand why a German man and a French woman would talk to each other in English.
I don't understand why a video of two female singers kissing is getting so much attention.
I don't understand why all of these are necessary.
I don't understand why all these are necessary.
I don't understand why all this is necessary.
I don't understand why anyone would do that.
I don't understand why anyone would hate that place.
I don't understand why cats are so terrified of cucumbers. Perhaps they know something we don't.
I don't understand why everyone does that.
I don't understand why he did it since he has a lot of money.
I don't understand why he did that.
I don't understand why he didn't tell the truth.
I don't understand why he doesn't agree.
I don't understand why he goes to the barber's, as he is bald.
I don't understand why he would take such a risk.
I don't understand why it did that.
I don't understand why it happened.
I don't understand why it's so difficult.
I don't understand why it's so important for you.
I don't understand why it's taking so long.
I don't understand why nothing was done about it.
I don't understand why people are so afraid of spiders.
I don't understand why people believe in ghosts.
I don't understand why people do that.
I don't understand why people do this.
I don't understand why people idolize criminals.
I don't understand why people kill each other since there is room for everybody on Earth.
I don't understand why people like salmon roe.
I don't understand why pepperoni pizza is so popular.
I don't understand why she did that.
I don't understand why she doesn't come.
I don't understand why she doesn't love me anymore.
I don't understand why she is acting so crazy.
I don't understand why she is opposed to my opinion.
I don't understand why she keeps bothering me.
I don't understand why some people hate loquats.
I don't understand why that happened.
I don't understand why that is important.
I don't understand why that's important.
I don't understand why the author had to make Tom straight when this added nothing to the story.
I don't understand why the vocabulary of adults changes so drastically when they speak to a child.
I don't understand why these are all necessary.
I don't understand why these things happen.
I don't understand why they moved the soft sign in the Ukrainian alphabet; it seemed much more logical for me when it came at the end.
I don't understand why this happened.
I don't understand why this has to be done.
I don't understand why this is happening to me.
I don't understand why this is happening.
I don't understand why this is necessary.
I don't understand why this isn't working.
I don't understand why this keeps coming loose.
I don't understand why those people are so obnoxious to each other.
I don't understand why we have to do this.
I don't understand why we need to do this.
I don't understand why we should do that.
I don't understand why we should torment each other any longer.
I don't understand why we shouldn't do that.
I don't understand why we're doing this.
I don't understand why you and Tom don't get along.
I don't understand why you behave like that.
I don't understand why you believe that she's right.
I don't understand why you changed your mind.
I don't understand why you did that.
I don't understand why you didn't do that.
I don't understand why you don't like Tom.
I don't understand why you don't like me.
I don't understand why you don't need to do that.
I don't understand why you don't want to do that.
I don't understand why you don't want to go to Australia with us.
I don't understand why you don't want to go to Boston with us.
I don't understand why you expect me to do that.
I don't understand why you hang out with Tom all the time.
I don't understand why you hang out with Tom so much.
I don't understand why you hang out with her all the time.
I don't understand why you just don't quit.
I don't understand why you like Tom.
I don't understand why you like baseball so much.
I don't understand why you like this kind of music.
I don't understand why you treat your son so harshly all the time.
I don't understand why you want it.
I don't understand why you want me to do that.
I don't understand why you want to do that.
I don't understand why you want to leave.
I don't understand why you're behaving like this.
I don't understand why you're being such a bitch about this.
I don't understand why you're commenting on a French sentence in English.
I don't understand why you're leaving.
I don't understand why.
I don't understand women, and I think I'll die not understanding them.
I don't understand women.
I don't understand you at all.
I don't understand you either.
I don't understand you people.
I don't understand you sometimes.
I don't understand you very well.
I don't understand you who live like nothing's wrong.
I don't understand you, you'll have to talk a little louder.
I don't understand you.
I don't understand you. I have an earache.
I don't understand your English.
I don't understand your French.
I don't understand your answer.
I don't understand your attitude.
I don't understand your complaint.
I don't understand your generation.
I don't understand your idea.
I don't understand your logic.
I don't understand your mind.
I don't understand your motives for doing that.
I don't understand your objections.
I don't understand your opposition.
I don't understand your poem.
I don't understand your point.
I don't understand your psychology.
I don't understand your question.
I don't understand your reaction.
I don't understand your reasoning.
I don't understand your reluctance to do that.
I don't understand your resistance.
I don't understand your sudden interest.
I don't understand your theory.
I don't understand your words.
I don't understand, what does this change.
I don't understand.
I don't understand. Can you translate the instructions?
I don't understand. Could you please repeat that?
I don't understand. Why do you hang out with her all the time?
I don't understand; you have to be more direct.
I don't use English every day.
I don't use Facebook anymore.
I don't use Facebook very often.
I don't use Facebook.
I don't use X.
I don't use a cane anymore.
I don't use a computer every day.
I don't use a dictionary very often.
I don't use a firewall.
I don't use a password manager.
I don't use birth control.
I don't use complicated words.
I don't use crack cocaine.
I don't use drugs.
I don't use expressions like that.
I don't use it.
I don't use languages to talk and say nothing. I use them to serve humanity.
I don't use my bicycle very often.
I don't use my cellphone much.
I don't use my mobile phone all that much.
I don't use my mobile phone much.
I don't use my mobile phone very often.
I don't use paper towels.
I don't use salt in my cooking.
I don't use shower gel.
I don't use slang when I speak English, unlike most Anglophones.
I don't use social media.
I don't use steroids.
I don't use such words.
I don't use taxis unless it's absolutely necessary.
I don't use that anymore.
I don't use that kind of language.
I don't use that site because I'm concerned about the way it treats its users' information.
I don't use that site for privacy reasons.
I don't use that website because I'm concerned about the way it treats its users' information.
I don't use that website for privacy reasons.
I don't use that.
I don't use the timer function.
I don't use their garden.
I don't use them.
I don't use this anymore.
I don't use this dictionary anymore.
I don't use those kinds of words.
I don't use words like that.
I don't usually agree with Tom about anything.
I don't usually agree with Tom.
I don't usually agree with you, do I?
I don't usually ask questions.
I don't usually burn incense at home.
I don't usually buy expensive clothes.
I don't usually buy secondhand things.
I don't usually buy things online.
I don't usually buy used stuff.
I don't usually carry a purse.
I don't usually carry much cash on me.
I don't usually carry much cash.
I don't usually carry much with me when I travel.
I don't usually come here in the morning.
I don't usually come here on Mondays.
I don't usually cry.
I don't usually do it like this.
I don't usually do it this way.
I don't usually do my homework before dinner.
I don't usually do my homework in the kitchen.
I don't usually do that alone.
I don't usually do that at home.
I don't usually do that by myself.
I don't usually do that here.
I don't usually do that in the evening.
I don't usually do that in the morning.
I don't usually do that on Mondays.
I don't usually do that when I'm tired.
I don't usually do that with Tom.
I don't usually do that, but I did yesterday.
I don't usually do that.
I don't usually do things like that.
I don't usually do things like this.
I don't usually do this kind of thing.
I don't usually do this.
I don't usually dream, but this was a bloody stupid dream.
I don't usually dress like this.
I don't usually dress this way.
I don't usually drink coffee in the evening.
I don't usually drink coffee.
I don't usually drink so much.
I don't usually drink tequila.
I don't usually drink wine at parties.
I don't usually drive to work.
I don't usually eat at expensive restaurants.
I don't usually eat at places like this.
I don't usually eat breakfast because I'd rather sleep as late as I can.
I don't usually eat breakfast.
I don't usually eat dessert.
I don't usually eat it, but because I saw the commercial where the person was slurping down ochazuke, it made me really crave it.
I don't usually eat lunch until about 2:30.
I don't usually eat meat.
I don't usually eat out on Mondays.
I don't usually eat red meat.
I don't usually eat the same thing Tom does.
I don't usually eat this late.
I don't usually feel indifferent, but today is different.
I don't usually forget to take my medicine.
I don't usually get along with Tom's girlfriends.
I don't usually get drunk like that.
I don't usually get drunk that way.
I don't usually get enough sleep.
I don't usually get here this early.
I don't usually get involved in anything.
I don't usually get to my office until about nine-thirty.
I don't usually get up so early.
I don't usually give compliments.
I don't usually go shopping on Mondays.
I don't usually go to bed until after midnight.
I don't usually go to school by bus.
I don't usually have an afternoon snack.
I don't usually have any problem falling asleep.
I don't usually have breakfast.
I don't usually have to do that for Tom.
I don't usually have to work on Sundays.
I don't usually have to work on weekends.
I don't usually have weekends off.
I don't usually kiss Tom goodbye.
I don't usually lie.
I don't usually like bombastic music.
I don't usually like documentaries.
I don't usually lock my car.
I don't usually lock my house.
I don't usually need to use a cane.
I don't usually peel apples before I eat them.
I don't usually put apples in the refrigerator.
I don't usually put sugar in my coffee.
I don't usually put sugar in my tea.
I don't usually read poetry.
I don't usually read this kind of book.
I don't usually remember my dreams.
I don't usually say anything at our staff meetings.
I don't usually say anything at our weekly meetings.
I don't usually say anything.
I don't usually say much at meetings.
I don't usually say this.
I don't usually show my feelings.
I don't usually sing in the shower.
I don't usually sleep well the night before a test.
I don't usually snore.
I don't usually speak French.
I don't usually stay at home on Monday.
I don't usually stay up late at night.
I don't usually stay up late.
I don't usually stay up this late.
I don't usually stop if the light's yellow.
I don't usually sweat like this.
I don't usually take long baths but you're in and out in no time.
I don't usually take notes in French.
I don't usually take the bus to work, but yesterday it was raining, so I didn't feel like walking.
I don't usually talk a lot at meetings.
I don't usually talk about my life with people I don't know.
I don't usually talk to my chauffeur.
I don't usually to go to bed before midnight.
I don't usually trust people I don't know.
I don't usually use a hairdryer.
I don't usually use a pillow.
I don't usually use an amp when I'm practicing my guitar.
I don't usually use bleach when I wash clothes.
I don't usually use sunscreen.
I don't usually wait for anybody.
I don't usually wait for people who show up late.
I don't usually walk anywhere.
I don't usually walk to school.
I don't usually walk to the gym.
I don't usually walk to work, but I did this morning.
I don't usually watch news on TV.
I don't usually watch this kind of movie.
I don't usually watch war movies.
I don't usually wear a hat.
I don't usually wear a suit to work.
I don't usually wear a suit.
I don't usually wear a tie to work.
I don't usually wear a tie.
I don't usually wear jewelry.
I don't usually wear lipstick.
I don't usually wear makeup.
I don't usually wear pajamas.
I don't usually wear socks.
I don't usually win.
I don't usually work on Mondays, but last week I did.
I don't usually work on Mondays.
I don't usually work on weekends.
I don't usually write this kind of song.
I don't value our friendship any more.
I don't value school as much as the other boys do.
I don't very often eat junk food.
I don't very often read novels.
I don't visit Tom any more.
I don't visit Tom anymore.
I don't visit Tom as much as I used to.
I don't visit Tom as often as I used to.
I don't visit Tom very often.
I don't visit my parents anymore.
I don't visit them.
I don't volunteer to this.
I don't vote anymore.
I don't wait for anybody.
I don't walk a lot.
I don't walk anymore.
I don't walk anywhere anymore.
I don't walk anywhere.
I don't walk by myself anymore.
I don't walk fast.
I don't walk like that.
I don't walk to school anymore.
I don't walk to school very often.
I don't walk to school.
I don't walk to school. I ride my bicycle.
I don't wanna be her friend.
I don't wanna be his friend.
I don't wanna be pathetic, I wanna be cool!!
I don't wanna be the other woman.
I don't wanna be your friend.
I don't wanna clean up dog shit.
I don't wanna die.
I don't wanna fall in love with you.
I don't wanna get on.
I don't wanna go back.
I don't wanna go in the pool.
I don't wanna go to school again.
I don't wanna go to school.
I don't wanna go to work.
I don't wanna hear a word from you.
I don't wanna hear another word about it.
I don't wanna hurt your feelings.
I don't wanna know this.
I don't wanna live with you anymore.
I don't wanna lose you.
I don't wanna play games with you.
I don't wanna press you.
I don't wanna see him.
I don't wanna see it.
I don't wanna study.
I don't wanna talk about it.
I don't wanna talk about that.
I don't wanna talk to anyone.
I don't wanna tell Fadil about that.
I don't wanna think about him.
I don't wanna think anything about him.
I don't want 2013 to end.
I don't want Mary to do that by herself.
I don't want Mary to find out.
I don't want Mary to go out after dark by herself.
I don't want Mary to have a boyfriend yet.
I don't want Mary to leave me.
I don't want Mary to swim by herself.
I don't want Mary wandering around the mall by herself.
I don't want Sami here.
I don't want Tom and Mary to do that by themselves.
I don't want Tom and Mary to go out after dark by themselves.
I don't want Tom and Mary to see me cry.
I don't want Tom and Mary to swim by themselves.
I don't want Tom and Mary wandering around the mall by themselves.
I don't want Tom anywhere near his classmates right now.
I don't want Tom anywhere near me.
I don't want Tom around me anymore.
I don't want Tom as a son-in-law.
I don't want Tom at my party.
I don't want Tom at our wedding.
I don't want Tom back either.
I don't want Tom coming around here.
I don't want Tom getting upset.
I don't want Tom giving Mary advice.
I don't want Tom going to your office.
I don't want Tom here.
I don't want Tom in my car.
I don't want Tom in my house.
I don't want Tom in this building.
I don't want Tom in this room.
I don't want Tom involved in this.
I don't want Tom making the same mistakes I made.
I don't want Tom messing it up for us.
I don't want Tom or anyone else.
I don't want Tom seeing this.
I don't want Tom singing at our wedding.
I don't want Tom telling Mary she needs to be here all day.
I don't want Tom telling me how to run my business.
I don't want Tom there.
I don't want Tom thinking I don't like him.
I don't want Tom thinking he has to protect me.
I don't want Tom thinking he needs to protect me.
I don't want Tom to babysit my children.
I don't want Tom to be a soldier.
I don't want Tom to be alone.
I don't want Tom to be angry.
I don't want Tom to be disappointed.
I don't want Tom to be in the room while I'm on the phone.
I don't want Tom to be my boss because he is an idiot.
I don't want Tom to be my boss.
I don't want Tom to be my business partner.
I don't want Tom to be my husband.
I don't want Tom to be nervous.
I don't want Tom to be the father of my child.
I don't want Tom to be there with them.
I don't want Tom to be unhappy.
I don't want Tom to become a soldier.
I don't want Tom to become like his father.
I don't want Tom to buy anything else.
I don't want Tom to buy me an expensive engagement ring.
I don't want Tom to buy that.
I don't want Tom to change anything.
I don't want Tom to come here.
I don't want Tom to come to Australia.
I don't want Tom to come to Boston.
I don't want Tom to come to my party.
I don't want Tom to come to our party.
I don't want Tom to come with us.
I don't want Tom to come.
I don't want Tom to cry.
I don't want Tom to die.
I don't want Tom to do it instead of me.
I don't want Tom to do that again.
I don't want Tom to do that alone.
I don't want Tom to do that anymore.
I don't want Tom to do that by himself.
I don't want Tom to do that for me.
I don't want Tom to do that here.
I don't want Tom to do that right away.
I don't want Tom to do that right now.
I don't want Tom to do that today.
I don't want Tom to do that unless I'm with him.
I don't want Tom to do that.
I don't want Tom to do what I did.
I don't want Tom to drive my car.
I don't want Tom to drive. He's been drinking.
I don't want Tom to ever do that again.
I don't want Tom to find Mary.
I don't want Tom to find me again.
I don't want Tom to find me.
I don't want Tom to find out the truth.
I don't want Tom to find out.
I don't want Tom to forget me.
I don't want Tom to forget.
I don't want Tom to get a tattoo.
I don't want Tom to get angry.
I don't want Tom to get hurt.
I don't want Tom to get into trouble.
I don't want Tom to get involved.
I don't want Tom to get sick.
I don't want Tom to get the wrong impression.
I don't want Tom to get too excited.
I don't want Tom to get upset.
I don't want Tom to give up.
I don't want Tom to go anywhere without me.
I don't want Tom to go hang gliding.
I don't want Tom to go home by himself.
I don't want Tom to go out after dark by himself.
I don't want Tom to go out after dark.
I don't want Tom to go shopping with Mary.
I don't want Tom to go there with you.
I don't want Tom to go to Australia with Mary.
I don't want Tom to go to Australia with me.
I don't want Tom to go to Australia with us.
I don't want Tom to go to Australia without me.
I don't want Tom to go to Australia.
I don't want Tom to go to Boston with Mary.
I don't want Tom to go to Boston with me.
I don't want Tom to go to Boston with us.
I don't want Tom to go to Boston without me.
I don't want Tom to go to Boston.
I don't want Tom to go to jail.
I don't want Tom to go.
I don't want Tom to hate me.
I don't want Tom to hear about this.
I don't want Tom to hear.
I don't want Tom to help Mary.
I don't want Tom to help me with my homework.
I don't want Tom to help me.
I don't want Tom to help you do that.
I don't want Tom to hold my hand.
I don't want Tom to hurt himself.
I don't want Tom to join the navy.
I don't want Tom to kiss me in public again.
I don't want Tom to kiss me.
I don't want Tom to know I can't do that.
I don't want Tom to know I care that much about him.
I don't want Tom to know I don't like him.
I don't want Tom to know I got married.
I don't want Tom to know I spent the night in jail.
I don't want Tom to know I'm rich.
I don't want Tom to know Mary and I went on a date.
I don't want Tom to know about it.
I don't want Tom to know about our situation.
I don't want Tom to know about that.
I don't want Tom to know about this yet.
I don't want Tom to know about this.
I don't want Tom to know how much I weigh.
I don't want Tom to know how much money I make.
I don't want Tom to know how rich I really am.
I don't want Tom to know that I can't do that.
I don't want Tom to know that I don't like him.
I don't want Tom to know that I got married.
I don't want Tom to know that I spent the night in jail.
I don't want Tom to know that I was the one who did that for him.
I don't want Tom to know that I was the one who paid his bill.
I don't want Tom to know that I'm rich.
I don't want Tom to know that Mary and I went on a date.
I don't want Tom to know that right now.
I don't want Tom to know that we were the ones who did that for him.
I don't want Tom to know that.
I don't want Tom to know the truth.
I don't want Tom to know this.
I don't want Tom to know we're here.
I don't want Tom to know what I did.
I don't want Tom to know what I've done.
I don't want Tom to know what happened.
I don't want Tom to know what we did.
I don't want Tom to know what's happened.
I don't want Tom to know where I live.
I don't want Tom to know. This has to be our secret.
I don't want Tom to leave the house.
I don't want Tom to leave.
I don't want Tom to lecture me.
I don't want Tom to lose his job.
I don't want Tom to make a fuss.
I don't want Tom to make the same mistake I made.
I don't want Tom to make the situation any worse than it already is.
I don't want Tom to miss the bus.
I don't want Tom to move to Australia.
I don't want Tom to move to Boston.
I don't want Tom to notice that.
I don't want Tom to play with my kids.
I don't want Tom to say anything to Mary.
I don't want Tom to see Mary anymore.
I don't want Tom to see it.
I don't want Tom to see me coming.
I don't want Tom to see me cry.
I don't want Tom to see me in handcuffs.
I don't want Tom to see me like that.
I don't want Tom to see me like this.
I don't want Tom to see me naked.
I don't want Tom to see me.
I don't want Tom to see that.
I don't want Tom to see this.
I don't want Tom to see what I'm doing.
I don't want Tom to sing at my party.
I don't want Tom to sing.
I don't want Tom to speak to Mary.
I don't want Tom to stay any longer.
I don't want Tom to stay here.
I don't want Tom to stay up late.
I don't want Tom to stop doing that.
I don't want Tom to succeed because Tom has bad intentions.
I don't want Tom to suffer.
I don't want Tom to swim by himself.
I don't want Tom to take over.
I don't want Tom to talk to Mary.
I don't want Tom to teach me anything.
I don't want Tom to tell Mary about what we did.
I don't want Tom to think I was being rude.
I don't want Tom to think I'm a jerk.
I don't want Tom to think I'm a wimp.
I don't want Tom to think I'm crazy.
I don't want Tom to think I'm not grateful.
I don't want Tom to think anything's wrong.
I don't want Tom to think he has to help me.
I don't want Tom to think he has to interpret for me.
I don't want Tom to think he has to protect me.
I don't want Tom to think you're barmy.
I don't want Tom to think you're mad.
I don't want Tom to touch me.
I don't want Tom to wake Mary up.
I don't want Tom to win.
I don't want Tom to work for our company.
I don't want Tom to worry about that.
I don't want Tom to worry.
I don't want Tom wandering around the mall by himself.
I don't want Tom's apology.
I don't want Tom's death on my conscience.
I don't want Tom's help.
I don't want Tom's money.
I don't want Tom's old job.
I don't want Tom's pity.
I don't want Tom's sympathy.
I don't want a Ferrari bad enough to sell my house to get one.
I don't want a bag.
I don't want a banana.
I don't want a beer right now.
I don't want a big birthday party.
I don't want a big wedding.
I don't want a big, fancy wedding.
I don't want a biological man in the same toilet as my wife and daughters.
I don't want a birthday party this year.
I don't want a birthday party.
I don't want a bloody voucher. Just give me cash!
I don't want a boyfriend.
I don't want a car.
I don't want a divorce.
I don't want a divorce. What about our kids?
I don't want a dog.
I don't want a drink.
I don't want a full-time job.
I don't want a girlfriend.
I don't want a gun in my house.
I don't want a handout.
I don't want a horse.
I don't want a job in Australia.
I don't want a job in Boston.
I don't want a job.
I don't want a lot for Christmas, there is just one thing I need.
I don't want a lot of money. I just want enough to live comfortably.
I don't want a lot.
I don't want a lover. I just need a friend.
I don't want a pair of trousers like that.
I don't want a party on my birthday.
I don't want a party.
I don't want a pet anymore.
I don't want a present, Dad. I just want you to come home.
I don't want a present. I want a future.
I don't want a promotion.
I don't want a sandwich.
I don't want a superficial social life.
I don't want a tattoo on my girlfriend.
I don't want a war!
I don't want a wife.
I don't want admiration, just recognition.
I don't want admiration, only acknowledgement.
I don't want an angel.
I don't want an apology. I want an explanation.
I don't want an apple.
I don't want an open relationship.
I don't want another baby.
I don't want another car. I want my car.
I don't want another drink.
I don't want another girlfriend. I want you.
I don't want another job. I want this job.
I don't want another one.
I don't want another relationship right now.
I don't want any Confederate flag in my stadium.
I don't want any Confederate flag in my town.
I don't want any advertising on my website.
I don't want any bananas at all.
I don't want any beans.
I don't want any cake.
I don't want any coffee right now.
I don't want any coffee.
I don't want any crackers.
I don't want any dinner.
I don't want any distractions.
I don't want any either.
I don't want any excuses.
I don't want any fruit.
I don't want any hair on my towels.
I don't want any hassles.
I don't want any help from you.
I don't want any help.
I don't want any ice cream.
I don't want any meat.
I don't want any milk at all.
I don't want any money.
I don't want any more beer.
I don't want any more cats.
I don't want any more coffee.
I don't want any more complaining.
I don't want any more food.
I don't want any more help.
I don't want any more ice cream.
I don't want any more of those.
I don't want any more problems.
I don't want any more rice.
I don't want any more soup.
I don't want any more suffering.
I don't want any more surprises.
I don't want any more tests.
I don't want any more to eat.
I don't want any more trouble with Tom.
I don't want any more trouble.
I don't want any more!
I don't want any more.
I don't want any of my children to be lawyers.
I don't want any of my friends to know I can't do that.
I don't want any of my friends to know I wasn't able to do that.
I don't want any of my friends to know did that.
I don't want any of my friends to know that I can't do that.
I don't want any of my friends to know that I wasn't able to do that.
I don't want any of my friends to know that did that.
I don't want any of the stuff Tom gave me.
I don't want any of this stuff.
I don't want any of this.
I don't want any of those.
I don't want any of your money.
I don't want any pancakes.
I don't want any part of it.
I don't want any part of this.
I don't want any person that I know or any animal that I know to die.
I don't want any pizza.
I don't want any popcorn.
I don't want any problems.
I don't want any rice.
I don't want any sandwiches.
I don't want any special treatment.
I don't want any stains on my white towels.
I don't want any sugar.
I don't want any tea.
I don't want any toast.
I don't want any trouble with the IRS.
I don't want any trouble with the cops.
I don't want any trouble.
I don't want any waffles.
I don't want any wine.
I don't want any.
I don't want anybody at all.
I don't want anybody celebrating.
I don't want anybody else to die.
I don't want anybody else to get hurt.
I don't want anybody else.
I don't want anybody in my room while I'm away.
I don't want anybody talking about me.
I don't want anybody to feel sorry for me.
I don't want anybody to get hurt.
I don't want anybody to know I'm here.
I don't want anybody to know I'm rich.
I don't want anybody to know that I'm here.
I don't want anybody to know that I'm rich.
I don't want anybody to know.
I don't want anybody to lose their jobs.
I don't want anybody to see us together.
I don't want anybody to think that.
I don't want anybody touching this bicycle.
I don't want anybody watching what I do.
I don't want anybody writing about me.
I don't want anymore kids.
I don't want anyone else to know.
I don't want anyone getting hurt.
I don't want anyone in my room while I'm away.
I don't want anyone looking through my stuff.
I don't want anyone prying into my private life.
I don't want anyone smoking in the meeting room.
I don't want anyone to feel sorry for me.
I don't want anyone to find out that I was the one who did this.
I don't want anyone to find where we buried the treasure.
I don't want anyone to get hurt.
I don't want anyone to hear me.
I don't want anyone to know I'm here.
I don't want anyone to know I'm rich.
I don't want anyone to know about this.
I don't want anyone to know that I'm here.
I don't want anyone to know that I'm rich.
I don't want anyone to know that.
I don't want anyone to know where we are.
I don't want anyone to know.
I don't want anyone to miss this.
I don't want anyone to panic.
I don't want anyone to play my guitar.
I don't want anyone to see it.
I don't want anyone to see me doing that.
I don't want anyone to see me like this.
I don't want anyone to see me with Tom.
I don't want anyone to see that.
I don't want anyone to see us together.
I don't want anyone to see us.
I don't want anyone to take notes!
I don't want anyone to talk to me.
I don't want anyone to think that.
I don't want anyone to touch this.
I don't want anyone wearing my clothes but me.
I don't want anything bad to happen to you.
I don't want anything bad to happen.
I don't want anything else.
I don't want anything for Christmas.
I don't want anything for my birthday.
I don't want anything from Tom.
I don't want anything from them.
I don't want anything from you.
I don't want anything happening to you.
I don't want anything in return.
I don't want anything more.
I don't want anything sweet to eat.
I don't want anything sweet.
I don't want anything to do with Taninna in my life again.
I don't want anything to do with Tom anymore.
I don't want anything to do with Tom.
I don't want anything to do with him.
I don't want anything to do with that.
I don't want anything to do with them.
I don't want anything to do with this.
I don't want anything to do with you.
I don't want anything to drink.
I don't want anything to eat.
I don't want anything to happen to Tom.
I don't want anything to happen to you.
I don't want anything to happen.
I don't want anything to jeopardize our friendship.
I don't want anything.
I don't want arguments here.
I don't want butter on my sandwich.
I don't want cereal.
I don't want charity.
I don't want children because I'm afraid they would have a high chance to be handicapped.
I don't want children, but my husband does.
I don't want children, but my wife does.
I don't want children.
I don't want consolation; I simply want to be alone.
I don't want cooked rice.
I don't want credit.
I don't want crumbs on the table.
I don't want dinner.
I don't want distractions.
I don't want eight waffles, I want twelve!
I don't want either Tom or Mary to be there.
I don't want either of them.
I don't want everybody on the Web to be able to access my photos.
I don't want everybody to know.
I don't want everyone to know.
I don't want everyone to think I'm stupid.
I don't want fruit.
I don't want glory or fame. My goal is success and happiness for my friends and family.
I don't want help.
I don't want her at my party.
I don't want her getting upset.
I don't want her here.
I don't want her in my car.
I don't want her in my house.
I don't want her in this room.
I don't want her money.
I don't want her seeing this.
I don't want her there.
I don't want her to be alone.
I don't want her to be angry.
I don't want her to be in pain.
I don't want her to be unhappy.
I don't want her to come.
I don't want her to die.
I don't want her to do that.
I don't want her to find me.
I don't want her to find out I'm here.
I don't want her to find out.
I don't want her to forget me.
I don't want her to forget.
I don't want her to get angry.
I don't want her to get hurt.
I don't want her to get into trouble.
I don't want her to get sick.
I don't want her to get upset.
I don't want her to give up.
I don't want her to go to jail.
I don't want her to hate me.
I don't want her to hear.
I don't want her to help me.
I don't want her to know our secret.
I don't want her to know that.
I don't want her to know this.
I don't want her to know.
I don't want her to leave.
I don't want her to make the wrong decision because of me.
I don't want her to see it.
I don't want her to see me here.
I don't want her to see me like this.
I don't want her to see me.
I don't want her to see that.
I don't want her to see this.
I don't want her to sleep rough.
I don't want her to stay there alone.
I don't want her to take over.
I don't want her to turn out like you.
I don't want her to worry.
I don't want her.
I don't want him at my party.
I don't want him getting upset.
I don't want him here.
I don't want him in my car.
I don't want him in my house.
I don't want him in this room.
I don't want him not to like me.
I don't want him seeing this.
I don't want him there.
I don't want him to be alone.
I don't want him to be angry.
I don't want him to be involved.
I don't want him to be my boss.
I don't want him to be unhappy.
I don't want him to come.
I don't want him to die.
I don't want him to do that.
I don't want him to feel bad about something that is beyond his control.
I don't want him to find me.
I don't want him to find out.
I don't want him to forget me.
I don't want him to forget.
I don't want him to get angry.
I don't want him to get hurt.
I don't want him to get in trouble.
I don't want him to get into trouble.
I don't want him to get sick.
I don't want him to get the wrong impression.
I don't want him to get upset.
I don't want him to give up.
I don't want him to go to hell, but I can never forgive him.
I don't want him to go to jail.
I don't want him to hate me.
I don't want him to hear.
I don't want him to help me.
I don't want him to know about the event, let alone go there.
I don't want him to know the truth.
I don't want him to know this.
I don't want him to know where I live.
I don't want him to know.
I don't want him to leave.
I don't want him to see it.
I don't want him to see me like this.
I don't want him to see me.
I don't want him to see that.
I don't want him to see this.
I don't want him to stay here.
I don't want him to take over.
I don't want him to think that I hate him.
I don't want him to touch me.
I don't want him to turn out like you.
I don't want him to work with us.
I don't want him to worry.
I don't want his flowers.
I don't want ice.
I don't want it any more.
I don't want it anymore.
I don't want it at all.
I don't want it because I already have it.
I don't want it changed.
I don't want it now.
I don't want it that badly.
I don't want it to change.
I don't want it to end!
I don't want it to happen.
I don't want it to look like I'm taking credit for someone else's work.
I don't want it to see me.
I don't want it.
I don't want ivy on my fence.
I don't want ivy on my trees.
I don't want kids, but my husband does.
I don't want kids.
I don't want love in my life.
I don't want lunch.
I don't want meat.
I don't want money from you.
I don't want money.
I don't want my aunt at the wedding, but there will be a lot of family drama if I don't invite her.
I don't want my bathtub to clog, so I need to buy a strainer.
I don't want my children to experience poverty.
I don't want my children to experience war.
I don't want my children to play with Tom.
I don't want my country to be part of the European Union.
I don't want my country to become a member of the European Union.
I don't want my country to remain a member of the European Union.
I don't want my family to know what's become of me.
I don't want my flowers to get stepped on.
I don't want my friends to see me cry.
I don't want my kids to smoke.
I don't want my mother to worry.
I don't want my name on this report.
I don't want my neighbors to feel sorry for me.
I don't want my neighbors to know about it.
I don't want my neighbors to know.
I don't want my pain to be made public.
I don't want my parents to find out that I was drunk.
I don't want my parents to find out what we did yesterday.
I don't want my parents to find out.
I don't want my parents to know I got drunk last night.
I don't want my parents to know I got drunk.
I don't want my parents to know I was drunk last night.
I don't want my parents to know that I got drunk last night.
I don't want my parents to know that I got drunk.
I don't want my parents to know that I was drunk last night.
I don't want my picture taken.
I don't want my rating to go down.
I don't want my son to be like Tom.
I don't want my son to be like me.
I don't want my son to be like you.
I don't want my son to forget his mother tongue.
I don't want my son to join the special forces.
I don't want my tax dollars going to that program.
I don't want my wife to change from a Muslim to a Christian.
I don't want my work to go on forever, and I don't want to die from it.
I don't want one.
I don't want onion soup.
I don't want our child to grow up here.
I don't want our children to grow up here.
I don't want our guests to think we live in a pigsty because of the dirty pool.
I don't want our marriage to end.
I don't want our marriage to fall apart.
I don't want people asking me questions.
I don't want people messing with my stuff.
I don't want people telling me what to do.
I don't want people to feel sorry for me.
I don't want people to hate me.
I don't want people to know about that.
I don't want people to pity me.
I don't want people to see me crying.
I don't want people to see me doing this.
I don't want people to see us together.
I don't want people to think that I'm flirting with Tom.
I don't want people worrying about me more than they already are.
I don't want pickles on my sandwich.
I don't want pity.
I don't want pizza for dinner. I want marshmallows.
I don't want pizza. I'm not hungry.
I don't want red bell peppers, I want green ones.
I don't want rice.
I don't want someone else. I want you.
I don't want something bad to happen to us.
I don't want something like this to happen.
I don't want soup.
I don't want spaghetti again tonight.
I don't want spaghetti for dinner. I want pizza.
I don't want sugar.
I don't want sympathy.
I don't want talk to Tom about work.
I don't want tea.
I don't want text on Tatoeba to display in italics for me.
I don't want that and I know that you don't want that either.
I don't want that and I know you don't want that either.
I don't want that any more.
I don't want that anymore.
I don't want that as badly as Tom does.
I don't want that at all!
I don't want that happening.
I don't want that idiot to marry our daughter.
I don't want that in my life.
I don't want that kind of life for our children.
I don't want that kind of look from you.
I don't want that kind of responsibility.
I don't want that man for president.
I don't want that much milk.
I don't want that one.
I don't want that right now.
I don't want that to happen again.
I don't want that to happen.
I don't want that until tomorrow.
I don't want that.
I don't want that. It's old.
I don't want the award to just be given to me; I want to earn it.
I don't want the cold temperatures to start coming.
I don't want the fish head or the bones.
I don't want the full game, I just want the crack for it.
I don't want the horse.
I don't want the investigation to burn out.
I don't want the money now.
I don't want the money.
I don't want the neighbours to know about it.
I don't want the neighbours to see me and feel sorry for me.
I don't want the others to know my name isn't Tom.
I don't want the party to end.
I don't want the present Tom gave me.
I don't want the ring.
I don't want the same thing to happen again.
I don't want the same thing to happen here.
I don't want the same thing to happen to me.
I don't want the same thing to happen to us.
I don't want the same things Tom wants.
I don't want the subscription to automatically renew.
I don't want the surgery.
I don't want the team I support to be relegated to the second division.
I don't want the truth to come out.
I don't want their money.
I don't want them all to know what we did.
I don't want them at my party.
I don't want them back.
I don't want them getting upset.
I don't want them here.
I don't want them in my car.
I don't want them in my house.
I don't want them in this room.
I don't want them on the team.
I don't want them seeing this.
I don't want them there.
I don't want them to be alone.
I don't want them to be angry.
I don't want them to be unhappy.
I don't want them to come here.
I don't want them to come.
I don't want them to disturb Tom.
I don't want them to do that.
I don't want them to find me.
I don't want them to forget me.
I don't want them to forget.
I don't want them to get angry.
I don't want them to get hurt.
I don't want them to get married.
I don't want them to get sick.
I don't want them to get upset.
I don't want them to give up.
I don't want them to go away.
I don't want them to go to jail.
I don't want them to hate me.
I don't want them to hear it.
I don't want them to hear.
I don't want them to help me.
I don't want them to hurt Tom.
I don't want them to know this.
I don't want them to know.
I don't want them to learn about Tom's situation.
I don't want them to leave her alone with Tom.
I don't want them to leave.
I don't want them to see me like this.
I don't want them to see me there with Tom.
I don't want them to see me.
I don't want them to see that.
I don't want them to see this.
I don't want them to starve.
I don't want them to suffer.
I don't want them to take advantage of me.
I don't want them to take over.
I don't want them to use me.
I don't want them to worry.
I don't want them.
I don't want there to be any chance of a misunderstanding.
I don't want there to be any chance of our missing the train.
I don't want there to be any lies between us.
I don't want there to be any misunderstanding.
I don't want there to be any trouble.
I don't want there to be only one international language in the world.
I don't want these.
I don't want things to change.
I don't want this Kabyle dress in my room.
I don't want this any more.
I don't want this anymore.
I don't want this chip in the windshield to spread.
I don't want this day to end.
I don't want this doll. I want your doll. Do you want to trade?
I don't want this either.
I don't want this ever again.
I don't want this guy at Yanni's funeral. Make him leave!
I don't want this news to be made public yet.
I don't want this night to end.
I don't want this one.
I don't want this one. I want that one.
I don't want this secret to be exposed.
I don't want this shirt.
I don't want this to affect our friendship.
I don't want this to end.
I don't want this to ever end.
I don't want this to happen again.
I don't want this, I want that.
I don't want this, and someone else does, but there's no way for me to give them it.
I don't want this, but that.
I don't want this.
I don't want this. Please give it to somebody else.
I don't want this. Please give it to someone else.
I don't want those guys hunting me down.
I don't want to abort the mission now.
I don't want to achieve immortality through my work. I want to achieve it through not dying.
I don't want to acquaint you my father.
I don't want to add trouble to Tom.
I don't want to admit I didn't know how to do that.
I don't want to admit it, but Tom is right.
I don't want to admit that I didn't know how to do that.
I don't want to alarm you.
I don't want to answer Tom's question.
I don't want to answer any more questions today.
I don't want to answer anymore.
I don't want to answer that question.
I don't want to answer the question.
I don't want to answer this letter.
I don't want to answer those questions.
I don't want to answer.
I don't want to antagonize Tom.
I don't want to antagonize her.
I don't want to antagonize him.
I don't want to antagonize them.
I don't want to anymore.
I don't want to apologize to him.
I don't want to apologize.
I don't want to appear boring.
I don't want to appear ungrateful.
I don't want to appear weak.
I don't want to argue about that any more.
I don't want to argue about that.
I don't want to argue about this any more.
I don't want to argue about this anymore.
I don't want to argue about this in front of everybody.
I don't want to argue about this.
I don't want to argue in front of the children.
I don't want to argue with Tom.
I don't want to argue with you about this.
I don't want to argue with you anymore.
I don't want to argue with you once again.
I don't want to argue with you.
I don't want to argue.
I don't want to arrive all sweaty at work.
I don't want to ask Tom for help.
I don't want to ask Tom for money.
I don't want to ask Tom that question.
I don't want to ask Tom that.
I don't want to ask Tom to do that.
I don't want to ask Tom to help me.
I don't want to ask anybody for directions.
I don't want to ask anyone for directions.
I don't want to ask for help.
I don't want to ask that question.
I don't want to ask you anything.
I don't want to ask you to marry me.
I don't want to associate with Yumiko; she usually tells lies.
I don't want to attend the party.
I don't want to attract attention.
I don't want to babysit this weekend, but I could use the extra cash.
I don't want to back down.
I don't want to be Sami's incubator.
I don't want to be a bear.
I don't want to be a burden on you.
I don't want to be a burden to anyone.
I don't want to be a burden to my parents.
I don't want to be a burden to you.
I don't want to be a burden.
I don't want to be a digital citizen.
I don't want to be a disappointment to my parents.
I don't want to be a doctor!
I don't want to be a doctor.
I don't want to be a fifth wheel.
I don't want to be a financial burden on my parents.
I don't want to be a freak.
I don't want to be a hero.
I don't want to be a janitor anymore.
I don't want to be a janitor.
I don't want to be a lawyer or a doctor.
I don't want to be a lawyer.
I don't want to be a millionaire. I just want to live like one.
I don't want to be a mother like you.
I don't want to be a nuisance.
I don't want to be a nurse any more.
I don't want to be a snitch.
I don't want to be a stereotype.
I don't want to be a teacher.
I don't want to be afraid of Tom anymore.
I don't want to be alone again.
I don't want to be alone all my life.
I don't want to be alone anymore.
I don't want to be alone my whole life.
I don't want to be alone on Valentine's Day.
I don't want to be alone right now.
I don't want to be alone with Tom.
I don't want to be alone, so I'm just leaving things as they are for now.
I don't want to be alone.
I don't want to be an accomplice.
I don't want to be an engineer.
I don't want to be an outcast.
I don't want to be any more burden to my parents.
I don't want to be anywhere else.
I don't want to be around Tom.
I don't want to be arrested.
I don't want to be asked to do that again.
I don't want to be assertive with my little sister because I don't want her to think I'm mean.
I don't want to be associated with someone like you.
I don't want to be aware of anything, not even the fact that I'm not aware of anything.
I don't want to be away from home.
I don't want to be babied.
I don't want to be bald.
I don't want to be blamed for what's going to happen.
I don't want to be born.
I don't want to be bothered.
I don't want to be buried or cremated when I die, but I wish to instead have my body donated to a body farm so that I can be useful even after death.
I don't want to be called crazy.
I don't want to be caught.
I don't want to be chosen.
I don't want to be cremated.
I don't want to be cruel.
I don't want to be dependent on Tom.
I don't want to be dependent on my parents.
I don't want to be different.
I don't want to be disappointed.
I don't want to be disbarred.
I don't want to be disloyal.
I don't want to be distracted.
I don't want to be disturbed until ten.
I don't want to be disturbed.
I don't want to be doing that now.
I don't want to be evil.
I don't want to be exploited.
I don't want to be famous.
I don't want to be fired.
I don't want to be first.
I don't want to be forgotten.
I don't want to be found.
I don't want to be friends with Tom.
I don't want to be friends with her.
I don't want to be friends with him.
I don't want to be friends with you.
I don't want to be harmed by anyone, or harm anyone else ever again.
I don't want to be her friend.
I don't want to be here and Tom and Mary don't either.
I don't want to be here and Tom doesn't either.
I don't want to be here any more than you do.
I don't want to be here any more than you.
I don't want to be here any more.
I don't want to be here anymore.
I don't want to be here either.
I don't want to be here now.
I don't want to be here when Tom and Mary get here.
I don't want to be here when Tom gets here.
I don't want to be here when Tom gets home.
I don't want to be here when Tom wakes up.
I don't want to be here when that happens.
I don't want to be here.
I don't want to be here. Gerry, please default me, it would be better for everybody.
I don't want to be here. I want to not be here.
I don't want to be his friend.
I don't want to be in Tom's vicinity.
I don't want to be in charge.
I don't want to be in control.
I don't want to be in his shoes.
I don't want to be in pain.
I don't want to be in the company of anyone who would ever consider imprisoning someone for dissent.
I don't want to be in the same room as Tom.
I don't want to be in this world.
I don't want to be in your way.
I don't want to be interrupted.
I don't want to be intrusive, but is everything all right?
I don't want to be involved in that matter.
I don't want to be involved in the process of becoming a YouTuber.
I don't want to be involved in this affair.
I don't want to be involved with anyone anymore.
I don't want to be involved.
I don't want to be judged just by my appearance.
I don't want to be just OK.
I don't want to be killed.
I don't want to be known.
I don't want to be lame, I want to be cool!!
I don't want to be lame; I want to be cool!!
I don't want to be last in the foot race.
I don't want to be last.
I don't want to be late for class on the first day.
I don't want to be late for my dentist appointment.
I don't want to be late for my first class.
I don't want to be late for the show.
I don't want to be late for work.
I don't want to be late today.
I don't want to be late.
I don't want to be laughed at.
I don't want to be left alone with myself.
I don't want to be left alone.
I don't want to be left here in the dark.
I don't want to be left holding the bag.
I don't want to be like Tom.
I don't want to be like all those who first ruin their health in search of money and then afterwards ruin themselves just to get it back.
I don't want to be like my father.
I don't want to be like that.
I don't want to be like this anymore.
I don't want to be like those people that lose their health in the search for money and then lose their money in the search for health.
I don't want to be like you.
I don't want to be lonely.
I don't want to be made a cat's paw.
I don't want to be married to you anymore.
I don't want to be messy.
I don't want to be negative.
I don't want to be number two.
I don't want to be offended by you.
I don't want to be on TV.
I don't want to be on Tom's team.
I don't want to be on any prescription medicine.
I don't want to be on bad terms with Tom.
I don't want to be on the same team as you.
I don't want to be one of those guys.
I don't want to be part of a world where kindness is weakness.
I don't want to be part of the problem.
I don't want to be part of this.
I don't want to be pathetic, I want to be cool!!
I don't want to be pitied.
I don't want to be poisoned.
I don't want to be presumptuous.
I don't want to be punished.
I don't want to be quoted, and don't quote that I don't want to be quoted.
I don't want to be related to you!
I don't want to be reminded.
I don't want to be rich.
I don't want to be rich. I just don't want to be poor.
I don't want to be right.
I don't want to be rude to Tom.
I don't want to be rude to her.
I don't want to be rude to him.
I don't want to be rude to them.
I don't want to be rude.
I don't want to be seen here.
I don't want to be seen in his company.
I don't want to be seen talking to Tom.
I don't want to be seen talking to you.
I don't want to be seen with Tom.
I don't want to be seen with her.
I don't want to be seen with him.
I don't want to be seen with you.
I don't want to be seen.
I don't want to be selfish.
I don't want to be shallow.
I don't want to be shot.
I don't want to be sick.
I don't want to be sitting with Tom.
I don't want to be somebody else.
I don't want to be someone else, I want to be myself.
I don't want to be speciescentric.
I don't want to be stuck in an office all day.
I don't want to be suspended.
I don't want to be taken advantage of.
I don't want to be the bad guy anymore.
I don't want to be the boss.
I don't want to be the cause of your tears.
I don't want to be the center of attention.
I don't want to be the first one to do that.
I don't want to be the last one to do that.
I don't want to be the manager.
I don't want to be the next one to do that.
I don't want to be the one responsible for doing that.
I don't want to be the one to do that.
I don't want to be the one to tell Tom that.
I don't want to be the one who breaks the news to her.
I don't want to be the one who brings home some bad news.
I don't want to be the one who has to do that.
I don't want to be the one who tells Tom that Mary died in an automobile accident.
I don't want to be the person who tells Tom that.
I don't want to be thirsty again.
I don't want to be this way.
I don't want to be tied to one company.
I don't want to be told what to do.
I don't want to be too categorical!
I don't want to be too hard on Tom.
I don't want to be too strict with you.
I don't want to be treated any differently than before.
I don't want to be treated like a child.
I don't want to be treated like a kid.
I don't want to be treated special.
I don't want to be up all night.
I don't want to be used as a guinea pig in a lab.
I don't want to be used.
I don't want to be where Tom is.
I don't want to be with anyone else.
I don't want to be with you any more.
I don't want to be with you anymore.
I don't want to be with you, and I should be respected for it.
I don't want to be with you.
I don't want to be you.
I don't want to be your assistant.
I don't want to be your boyfriend.
I don't want to be your enemy.
I don't want to be your friend.
I don't want to be your girlfriend.
I don't want to be your husband anymore.
I don't want to be your second option.
I don't want to be your secret.
I don't want to be your wife anymore.
I don't want to be your wife.
I don't want to bear the brunt of it.
I don't want to become Tom's friend.
I don't want to become Tom's wife.
I don't want to become a doctor.
I don't want to become a lawyer.
I don't want to become a professional athlete.
I don't want to become an electrician.
I don't want to become blind!
I don't want to become famous.
I don't want to become like them.
I don't want to become like those people.
I don't want to become reliant on you.
I don't want to become rich and famous.
I don't want to believe anyone.
I don't want to believe it. I refuse to!
I don't want to believe that.
I don't want to believe you.
I don't want to belong to any club that will accept me as a member.
I don't want to belong to the elite at all. It's already enough for me to be the best.
I don't want to blame anyone.
I don't want to blow it.
I don't want to blow this chance.
I don't want to blow this opportunity.
I don't want to blow this.
I don't want to boast, but I've never gotten better than a 3 on my report card for home economics. Out of 10 that is.
I don't want to bore you by repeating things you already know.
I don't want to bore you.
I don't want to borrow any money.
I don't want to borrow your car today. I want to borrow it tomorrow.
I don't want to bother Mary while she was studying.
I don't want to bother Mary while she's working.
I don't want to bother Tom and Mary while they were studying.
I don't want to bother Tom and Mary while they're working.
I don't want to bother Tom while he was studying.
I don't want to bother Tom while he's working.
I don't want to bother Tom.
I don't want to bother her.
I don't want to bother him.
I don't want to bother them.
I don't want to bother you any longer.
I don't want to bother you guys while you're working.
I don't want to bother you.
I don't want to bow down to Tom.
I don't want to bow down to him.
I don't want to break anyone's heart.
I don't want to break my promise.
I don't want to break up with you.
I don't want to break your heart.
I don't want to breathe the same air as him.
I don't want to bring the matter of his death up.
I don't want to bring trouble upon myself.
I don't want to bring your hopes down.
I don't want to burden you with my problems.
I don't want to burden you with my struggles.
I don't want to burden you with my troubles.
I don't want to butt in all the time when the two of them are fighting.
I don't want to buy Tom a present. I want to make him something.
I don't want to buy a car.
I don't want to buy a new piano.
I don't want to buy a newspaper today.
I don't want to buy a yacht.
I don't want to buy any cookies today.
I don't want to buy any of these books.
I don't want to buy any of these.
I don't want to buy anything I don't need.
I don't want to buy anything else.
I don't want to buy anything for Tom.
I don't want to buy anything from Tom.
I don't want to buy anything from you.
I don't want to buy anything in this store.
I don't want to buy anything like that.
I don't want to buy anything that I don't need.
I don't want to buy anything yet.
I don't want to buy anything.
I don't want to buy anything. I'm just looking around.
I don't want to buy it for you unless I'm sure you want it.
I don't want to buy it if I don't need it.
I don't want to buy it.
I don't want to buy rice today.
I don't want to buy that bag.
I don't want to buy that house from him.
I don't want to buy this carpet.
I don't want to buy this kind of car.
I don't want to buy this kind of shirt.
I don't want to buy this kind of sofa.
I don't want to buy this one.
I don't want to buy this shirt.
I don't want to buy your old car.
I don't want to call Tom. I'd rather write him an email.
I don't want to call attention to myself.
I don't want to call the police.
I don't want to catch a cold.
I don't want to catch any viruses!
I don't want to catch your cold.
I don't want to cause a panic.
I don't want to cause an accident.
I don't want to cause any inconveniences.
I don't want to cause any more trouble.
I don't want to cause any problems.
I don't want to cause anyone any more trouble.
I don't want to cause anyone trouble.
I don't want to cause more problems.
I don't want to cause problems.
I don't want to cause trouble for anyone.
I don't want to cause you any more problems.
I don't want to cause you any more trouble.
I don't want to cause you any problems.
I don't want to cause you any trouble.
I don't want to cause your tears.
I don't want to celebrate my birthday.
I don't want to change anything.
I don't want to change into my gym clothes.
I don't want to change it.
I don't want to change jobs.
I don't want to change my clothes.
I don't want to change that.
I don't want to change things.
I don't want to change this.
I don't want to change.
I don't want to clean my room, but it really needs to be cleaned.
I don't want to clean my room.
I don't want to clean the dog's shit.
I don't want to clean the gutters.
I don't want to clean the toilet.
I don't want to clean the toilets.
I don't want to clean up dog poop.
I don't want to climb on the roof.
I don't want to coax you out with kind words.
I don't want to colors of my towels to fade.
I don't want to come back here again.
I don't want to come back here ever again.
I don't want to come here tomorrow.
I don't want to come in.
I don't want to come to Australia.
I don't want to come to Boston.
I don't want to come.
I don't want to comment on that right now.
I don't want to comment on that subject.
I don't want to comment on that.
I don't want to comment on this case.
I don't want to comment on this now.
I don't want to comment.
I don't want to compete with Tom or anyone else.
I don't want to compete with anybody.
I don't want to compete with anyone.
I don't want to complain, but it's two o'clock and we still have to eat.
I don't want to complicate my life with all that!
I don't want to complicate things.
I don't want to compromise.
I don't want to confuse you.
I don't want to contact them anymore.
I don't want to contaminate the clean glasses by taking them out of the dishwasher.
I don't want to continue doing this.
I don't want to continue pressing the issue.
I don't want to continue tormenting myself anymore.
I don't want to cook tonight.
I don't want to cook.
I don't want to coop up our precious Fluffy in one of those cat carriers.
I don't want to cooperate with Tom anymore.
I don't want to criticize Tom.
I don't want to cross the picket line.
I don't want to cry.
I don't want to cut anything.
I don't want to cut my hair.
I don't want to dance anymore.
I don't want to dance with Tom.
I don't want to dance.
I don't want to date a whore.
I don't want to deal with Tom.
I don't want to deal with it.
I don't want to deal with this anymore.
I don't want to deal with this problem now.
I don't want to deal with this right now.
I don't want to deal with this today.
I don't want to deal with what happened.
I don't want to debate this.
I don't want to deceive the woman I love.
I don't want to deceive you.
I don't want to defer your wishes.
I don't want to define my future. I want to live in the present, and let the future come.
I don't want to delve into such topics.
I don't want to depend on a man.
I don't want to depend on you.
I don't want to depress you.
I don't want to destroy.
I don't want to deviate from the plan.
I don't want to die alone.
I don't want to die here!
I don't want to die here.
I don't want to die in jail.
I don't want to die in prison.
I don't want to die like this.
I don't want to die now.
I don't want to die of old age.
I don't want to die tomorrow.
I don't want to die yet.
I don't want to die!
I don't want to die.
I don't want to disappoint Tom.
I don't want to disappoint her.
I don't want to disappoint him.
I don't want to disappoint my dad.
I don't want to disappoint my friends.
I don't want to disappoint my parents.
I don't want to disappoint my teammates.
I don't want to disappoint them.
I don't want to disappoint you.
I don't want to discourage Tom.
I don't want to discourage you from doing that.
I don't want to discourage you from trying to do that.
I don't want to discuss Tom's problems with you.
I don't want to discuss Tom's problems.
I don't want to discuss it any more.
I don't want to discuss it anymore.
I don't want to discuss it over the phone.
I don't want to discuss it.
I don't want to discuss my problems with you.
I don't want to discuss my problems.
I don't want to discuss that topic.
I don't want to discuss that with Tom.
I don't want to discuss that with you.
I don't want to discuss the details.
I don't want to discuss the problem with Tom.
I don't want to discuss this anymore.
I don't want to discuss this further.
I don't want to discuss this here.
I don't want to discuss this matter right now.
I don't want to discuss this now.
I don't want to dispute that.
I don't want to disrupt the party.
I don't want to disturb Tom.
I don't want to disturb her.
I don't want to disturb him.
I don't want to disturb them.
I don't want to disturb this pond at all.
I don't want to disturb you.
I don't want to disturb you; I'm just saying a quick hello.
I don't want to do any of those things.
I don't want to do anything else.
I don't want to do anything illegal.
I don't want to do anything right now.
I don't want to do anything risky.
I don't want to do anything that might be dangerous.
I don't want to do anything that might disturb Tom.
I don't want to do anything that might hurt Tom's feelings.
I don't want to do anything that might make Tom angry.
I don't want to do anything that might upset Tom.
I don't want to do anything that will upset Tom.
I don't want to do anything that would hurt you.
I don't want to do anything that would make Tom angry.
I don't want to do anything that would upset Tom.
I don't want to do anything that's illegal.
I don't want to do anything to Tom.
I don't want to do anything to hurt Tom.
I don't want to do anything to jeopardize my friendship with you.
I don't want to do anything to make Tom angry.
I don't want to do anything to upset Tom.
I don't want to do anything today.
I don't want to do anything tonight.
I don't want to do anything with Tom.
I don't want to do anything.
I don't want to do business with Tom.
I don't want to do harm to anyone.
I don't want to do his work for him.
I don't want to do it again.
I don't want to do it any more.
I don't want to do it anymore.
I don't want to do it because it's dangerous and foolish.
I don't want to do it because it's dangerous and it's stupid.
I don't want to do it every single day.
I don't want to do it like that.
I don't want to do it that way.
I don't want to do it with Tom. I want to do it with someone else.
I don't want to do it.
I don't want to do my chores.
I don't want to do my homework right now.
I don't want to do something I'd regret.
I don't want to do that after dark.
I don't want to do that again tomorrow.
I don't want to do that again.
I don't want to do that alone.
I don't want to do that and Tom and Mary don't either.
I don't want to do that and Tom doesn't either.
I don't want to do that any more than Tom does.
I don't want to do that any more.
I don't want to do that anymore.
I don't want to do that as badly as Tom does.
I don't want to do that as much as you do.
I don't want to do that at home.
I don't want to do that at night.
I don't want to do that by myself.
I don't want to do that either.
I don't want to do that every day.
I don't want to do that for Tom.
I don't want to do that here.
I don't want to do that if it isn't legal.
I don't want to do that if it's illegal.
I don't want to do that if it's not legal.
I don't want to do that like that.
I don't want to do that myself.
I don't want to do that now because I'm sleepy.
I don't want to do that now.
I don't want to do that on my own.
I don't want to do that right away.
I don't want to do that right now.
I don't want to do that that way.
I don't want to do that the same way Tom did.
I don't want to do that the way Tom said I had to.
I don't want to do that the way Tom suggested.
I don't want to do that the way you say I have to.
I don't want to do that to Tom.
I don't want to do that today.
I don't want to do that tomorrow.
I don't want to do that tonight.
I don't want to do that unless Tom does it with me.
I don't want to do that until after 2:30.
I don't want to do that until it gets cooler.
I don't want to do that with Tom.
I don't want to do that with you.
I don't want to do that without Tom's help.
I don't want to do that without Tom.
I don't want to do that without some help.
I don't want to do that without the proper tools.
I don't want to do that without you.
I don't want to do that, and I don't want you to do that either.
I don't want to do that, but I have to.
I don't want to do that, but I think that I will.
I don't want to do that, but I will.
I don't want to do that, but I'll do it anyway.
I don't want to do that, but I'll probably have to.
I don't want to do that, but Tom and Mary do.
I don't want to do that, but Tom does.
I don't want to do that, but Tom says I have to.
I don't want to do that, but Tom told me I had to.
I don't want to do that, either.
I don't want to do that.
I don't want to do the dishes.
I don't want to do the washing-up.
I don't want to do the work.
I don't want to do this again.
I don't want to do this alone.
I don't want to do this any more.
I don't want to do this anymore.
I don't want to do this by myself.
I don't want to do this here.
I don't want to do this job.
I don't want to do this with you.
I don't want to do this, but I have no choice.
I don't want to do this, but I have to.
I don't want to do this, but Tom and Mary say I have to.
I don't want to do this, but Tom says I have to.
I don't want to do this, but you leave me no choice.
I don't want to do this.
I don't want to do what I need to do.
I don't want to do what I'm planning to do, but I have no choice.
I don't want to do what Tom asked me to do.
I don't want to do what Tom does.
I don't want to do what Tom is doing.
I don't want to do what Tom suggested.
I don't want to do your dirty work.
I don't want to dredge up the past.
I don't want to drink any more apple juice.
I don't want to drink any more beer right now.
I don't want to drink any more milk now.
I don't want to drink anything cold.
I don't want to drink anything else.
I don't want to drink anything today.
I don't want to drink anything.
I don't want to drink coffee after breakfast.
I don't want to drink cold tea.
I don't want to drink that.
I don't want to drink things tonight.
I don't want to drink this.
I don't want to drink too much coffee.
I don't want to drink water.
I don't want to drive Tom's car.
I don't want to drive Tom's old car.
I don't want to drive away at all.
I don't want to drive back to Boston tonight.
I don't want to drive in the snow, but I have to get to work.
I don't want to drive in this snow.
I don't want to drive in this storm.
I don't want to drive this old car.
I don't want to drive to Boston by myself.
I don't want to drive.
I don't want to drive. Maybe Tom wouldn't mind driving.
I don't want to drive. You drive.
I don't want to dwell on it.
I don't want to eat Chinese food for dinner tonight.
I don't want to eat Mexican food today.
I don't want to eat a live lobster.
I don't want to eat again.
I don't want to eat alone.
I don't want to eat any more sausages.
I don't want to eat any more.
I don't want to eat any of this.
I don't want to eat anything else right now.
I don't want to eat anything else.
I don't want to eat anything right now.
I don't want to eat anything sweet.
I don't want to eat anything today.
I don't want to eat anything.
I don't want to eat at that restaurant.
I don't want to eat at this restaurant ever again.
I don't want to eat breakfast.
I don't want to eat cooked rice.
I don't want to eat here tonight.
I don't want to eat here.
I don't want to eat ice cream for dessert.
I don't want to eat ice cream.
I don't want to eat it now.
I don't want to eat just tomatoes anymore.
I don't want to eat leftovers again.
I don't want to eat leftovers anymore.
I don't want to eat leftovers.
I don't want to eat lunch now.
I don't want to eat lunch with Tom.
I don't want to eat lunch with you.
I don't want to eat meat.
I don't want to eat much, because I don't want to gain weight.
I don't want to eat now.
I don't want to eat only tomatoes anymore.
I don't want to eat pizza.
I don't want to eat right now.
I don't want to eat sausage for lunch, because I prefer meat with potatoes.
I don't want to eat since I am already obese anyway.
I don't want to eat that banana.
I don't want to eat that.
I don't want to eat the stew Tom made.
I don't want to eat there again.
I don't want to eat this stale bread.
I don't want to eat this.
I don't want to eat today.
I don't want to eat very much.
I don't want to eat what Tom made for me.
I don't want to eat whatever this is.
I don't want to eat with Tom.
I don't want to eat with her.
I don't want to eat with him.
I don't want to eat with them.
I don't want to eat with you.
I don't want to eat.
I don't want to embarrass Tom.
I don't want to embarrass anyone.
I don't want to embarrass myself any further.
I don't want to embarrass myself.
I don't want to embarrass you in front of your friends.
I don't want to embarrass you.
I don't want to end up being an old maid.
I don't want to end up dead.
I don't want to end up having to pay an overdraft fee.
I don't want to end up in court.
I don't want to end up in jail.
I don't want to end up in prison.
I don't want to end up like Tom.
I don't want to end up like her.
I don't want to end up like him.
I don't want to end up like my father.
I don't want to end up like them.
I don't want to end up out on the street.
I don't want to end up poor.
I don't want to even look at it.
I don't want to ever be hungry again.
I don't want to ever change that.
I don't want to ever do that again.
I don't want to ever leave Australia.
I don't want to ever leave Boston.
I don't want to ever leave here.
I don't want to ever lose you again.
I don't want to ever see Tom again.
I don't want to ever see you again.
I don't want to ever speak to you again.
I don't want to exaggerate.
I don't want to exert myself in vain.
I don't want to experience dying.
I don't want to face that alone.
I don't want to fail again.
I don't want to fail my exams.
I don't want to fail the test.
I don't want to fail.
I don't want to fall asleep now.
I don't want to fall asleep yet!
I don't want to fall asleep yet.
I don't want to fall asleep.
I don't want to fall behind my class.
I don't want to fall ill.
I don't want to fall in love again for a while.
I don't want to feed her any baby talk, and I won't do it.
I don't want to feed my dog dry dog food.
I don't want to feel any more pain.
I don't want to feel any pain.
I don't want to feel blue.
I don't want to feel like a burden on your shoulders.
I don't want to feel like this anymore.
I don't want to feel that way ever again.
I don't want to fight Tom.
I don't want to fight about this again.
I don't want to fight about this anymore.
I don't want to fight anymore with Tom.
I don't want to fight anymore.
I don't want to fight this.
I don't want to fight with Tom anymore.
I don't want to fight with Tom.
I don't want to fight with you.
I don't want to fight you on this.
I don't want to fight you.
I don't want to fight.
I don't want to find you here when I come back.
I don't want to find you here when I get back.
I don't want to finish last in the foot race.
I don't want to fire you.
I don't want to foist anything on you.
I don't want to follow in my father's footsteps.
I don't want to force anything on you.
I don't want to force you into doing something you don't want to do.
I don't want to force you to do anything you don't want to do.
I don't want to force you to do that.
I don't want to force you to go.
I don't want to forget Tom's face.
I don't want to forget Tom.
I don't want to forget anything.
I don't want to forget it.
I don't want to forget this moment.
I don't want to forget.
I don't want to freak Tom out.
I don't want to fuck this up now.
I don't want to gain weight.
I don't want to get a dog.
I don't want to get a full denture.
I don't want to get a haircut.
I don't want to get a suntan.
I don't want to get a tattoo on my chest.
I don't want to get angry, arguing with that guy on a subject which I don't know thoroughly.
I don't want to get angry.
I don't want to get any closer to the poor wounded animal, I wouldn't want to step on it to make things even worse for him.
I don't want to get anyone in trouble.
I don't want to get arrested.
I don't want to get blown up.
I don't want to get bogged down in details.
I don't want to get caught.
I don't want to get divorced.
I don't want to get drunk, but I'd like to drink a little.
I don't want to get fat.
I don't want to get fired.
I don't want to get home after dark.
I don't want to get hurt.
I don't want to get ill.
I don't want to get in anybody's way.
I don't want to get in the way.
I don't want to get in trouble again.
I don't want to get in trouble anymore.
I don't want to get in trouble.
I don't want to get in your way.
I don't want to get injured.
I don't want to get into a jam.
I don't want to get into any trouble.
I don't want to get into it.
I don't want to get into that.
I don't want to get into the specifics of the case.
I don't want to get into the water until the lifeguard goes on duty.
I don't want to get into the water.
I don't want to get into trouble.
I don't want to get involved any deeper in this.
I don't want to get involved in that business.
I don't want to get involved in that sort of thing.
I don't want to get involved in the theater world.
I don't want to get involved in this at all.
I don't want to get involved in this.
I don't want to get involved.
I don't want to get kicked out of school.
I don't want to get lost.
I don't want to get married again.
I don't want to get married too early.
I don't want to get married too soon.
I don't want to get married until I graduate from college.
I don't want to get married until I'm at least thirty years old.
I don't want to get married until I'm at least thirty.
I don't want to get married until I'm in my thirties.
I don't want to get married, but I want to have kids.
I don't want to get married.
I don't want to get my clothes dirty.
I don't want to get my clothes wet.
I don't want to get my feet wet.
I don't want to get my hair cut.
I don't want to get my hands dirty.
I don't want to get off on the wrong foot with the new boss.
I don't want to get old; I want to stay young forever.
I don't want to get out of bed today.
I don't want to get out of bed when it's cold.
I don't want to get out of bed.
I don't want to get out of bed. It's too cold outside and my bed's so warm.
I don't want to get political.
I don't want to get punished.
I don't want to get rid of the familiar furniture.
I don't want to get rid of this furniture that I'm used to.
I don't want to get sick.
I don't want to get suspended.
I don't want to get the police involved.
I don't want to get there too early.
I don't want to get there too soon.
I don't want to get too close to them.
I don't want to get too personal.
I don't want to get too technical.
I don't want to get up to go to work.
I don't want to get up today.
I don't want to get up when it's cold.
I don't want to get up!
I don't want to get up.
I don't want to get upstaged.
I don't want to get used to this.
I don't want to get you in trouble.
I don't want to get you into trouble.
I don't want to get you to come out by provoking you.
I don't want to give Tom anything more to eat until he's feeling better.
I don't want to give Tom my key.
I don't want to give a speech in French.
I don't want to give a speech.
I don't want to give any more speeches.
I don't want to give anyone false hope.
I don't want to give anything away.
I don't want to give anything to anyone.
I don't want to give away any personal information.
I don't want to give myself false hopes.
I don't want to give the wrong answer.
I don't want to give the wrong impression.
I don't want to give them any reason to think I'm not willing to do my job.
I don't want to give up my freedom in order to be faithful to my partner.
I don't want to give up my independence in the sake of marital faithfulness.
I don't want to give up now.
I don't want to give up right now.
I don't want to give up something I finally achieved on my own for a boy.
I don't want to give up too much.
I don't want to give up yet.
I don't want to give up.
I don't want to give you false hope.
I don't want to give you my cold.
I don't want to give you my money.
I don't want to give you the cold!
I don't want to go abroad.
I don't want to go alone.
I don't want to go and I know that you don't want to go either.
I don't want to go and I know you don't want to go either.
I don't want to go and Tom and Mary don't either.
I don't want to go and Tom doesn't either.
I don't want to go and eat today.
I don't want to go any further.
I don't want to go any place.
I don't want to go anywhere else.
I don't want to go anywhere in particular.
I don't want to go anywhere this evening.
I don't want to go anywhere today.
I don't want to go anywhere today. It's cold outside and I have to get up early tomorrow.
I don't want to go anywhere tonight.
I don't want to go anywhere with Tom.
I don't want to go anywhere with you.
I don't want to go anywhere.
I don't want to go away.
I don't want to go back Australia.
I don't want to go back alone.
I don't want to go back home yet.
I don't want to go back home.
I don't want to go back home. I want to party.
I don't want to go back in there.
I don't want to go back there ever again.
I don't want to go back there.
I don't want to go back to Australia.
I don't want to go back to Boston.
I don't want to go back to Kabylie, Algeria.
I don't want to go back to jail.
I don't want to go back to prison.
I don't want to go back to school. I wish summer vacation would never end.
I don't want to go back to the orphanage.
I don't want to go back to the way things were.
I don't want to go back.
I don't want to go bald when I'm still young.
I don't want to go bald while I'm still young.
I don't want to go bald.
I don't want to go bowling.
I don't want to go by myself.
I don't want to go by plane, if I can help it.
I don't want to go by train.
I don't want to go camping next weekend.
I don't want to go camping with you.
I don't want to go drinking with someone who gets violent after drinking.
I don't want to go drinking with you.
I don't want to go either.
I don't want to go for a walk.
I don't want to go for lunch with Tom.
I don't want to go hiking, especially not with Tom.
I don't want to go home empty-handed.
I don't want to go home yet.
I don't want to go home.
I don't want to go hunting.
I don't want to go if you don't go with me.
I don't want to go in the car. I would rather walk.
I don't want to go in there with this cigarette.
I don't want to go into details.
I don't want to go jogging with you.
I don't want to go near Tom.
I don't want to go near her.
I don't want to go near him.
I don't want to go near them.
I don't want to go on a picnic with Tom.
I don't want to go on an adventure. I want to watch TV.
I don't want to go on my own.
I don't want to go out in the rain.
I don't want to go out in this blizzard.
I don't want to go out in this kind of weather.
I don't want to go out into the winter air.
I don't want to go out on a limb.
I don't want to go out tonight if it rains.
I don't want to go out tonight.
I don't want to go out with Mary.
I don't want to go out with Tom.
I don't want to go out with you.
I don't want to go out.
I don't want to go outside on a day like this.
I don't want to go outside this afternoon.
I don't want to go outside.
I don't want to go outside. It's too cold.
I don't want to go over it all again.
I don't want to go sailing with you.
I don't want to go shopping all alone.
I don't want to go shopping alone.
I don't want to go shopping by myself.
I don't want to go shopping today.
I don't want to go shopping today. I'd rather do something else.
I don't want to go shopping with Tom.
I don't want to go skiing with Tom.
I don't want to go swimming today.
I don't want to go swimming with Tom.
I don't want to go swimming with you.
I don't want to go swimming.
I don't want to go there after dark.
I don't want to go there again.
I don't want to go there alone.
I don't want to go there at all.
I don't want to go there by bus.
I don't want to go there by myself.
I don't want to go there in particular.
I don't want to go there now, either.
I don't want to go there with Tom.
I don't want to go there.
I don't want to go there. He doesn't want to go either.
I don't want to go through another experience like that.
I don't want to go through the motions again.
I don't want to go through this again.
I don't want to go to Australia with Tom.
I don't want to go to Australia with you.
I don't want to go to Australia.
I don't want to go to Boston by bus.
I don't want to go to Boston with Mary.
I don't want to go to Boston with Tom.
I don't want to go to Boston with you.
I don't want to go to Boston without you.
I don't want to go to Boston.
I don't want to go to Harvard.
I don't want to go to Italy.
I don't want to go to Kabylie.
I don't want to go to South Africa.
I don't want to go to Tom's birthday party.
I don't want to go to Tom's party, but I promised him that I'd be there.
I don't want to go to Tom's party.
I don't want to go to Tom's stupid party.
I don't want to go to a school that calls me broken for not fitting their cookie cutter model.
I don't want to go to a school that silences me for thinking differently.
I don't want to go to bed right now.
I don't want to go to bed yet!
I don't want to go to bed yet.
I don't want to go to bed.
I don't want to go to church today.
I don't want to go to church.
I don't want to go to class!
I don't want to go to class.
I don't want to go to college.
I don't want to go to hell.
I don't want to go to hospital.
I don't want to go to jail!
I don't want to go to jail.
I don't want to go to lunch with Tom.
I don't want to go to lunch with you.
I don't want to go to much expense for this party.
I don't want to go to my room.
I don't want to go to prison.
I don't want to go to rehab.
I don't want to go to school anymore.
I don't want to go to school today.
I don't want to go to school tomorrow, Mom.
I don't want to go to school tomorrow.
I don't want to go to school!
I don't want to go to school, because I'm stupid.
I don't want to go to school.
I don't want to go to sleep right now.
I don't want to go to sleep.
I don't want to go to some gimmicky restaurant where the staff are the appeal; I want to go get some actual good food.
I don't want to go to the bank.
I don't want to go to the beach with you today.
I don't want to go to the beach with you.
I don't want to go to the beach without Tom.
I don't want to go to the beach.
I don't want to go to the cafe.
I don't want to go to the circus with Tom.
I don't want to go to the dance with Tom.
I don't want to go to the dance.
I don't want to go to the dentist.
I don't want to go to the hospital.
I don't want to go to the lake.
I don't want to go to the mosque.
I don't want to go to the movies.
I don't want to go to the park with you.
I don't want to go to the park.
I don't want to go to the party if Tom and Mary are going to be there.
I don't want to go to the party if Tom is going to be there.
I don't want to go to the party.
I don't want to go to the pool!
I don't want to go to the pool.
I don't want to go to work today.
I don't want to go to work!
I don't want to go to work.
I don't want to go to your wedding.
I don't want to go today.
I don't want to go up there.
I don't want to go uphill.
I don't want to go upstairs alone in the dark.
I don't want to go upstairs.
I don't want to go with Tom.
I don't want to go with her.
I don't want to go with him.
I don't want to go with them.
I don't want to go with you.
I don't want to go without you, Tom.
I don't want to go, and besides it's too late.
I don't want to go, but I have to.
I don't want to go, either.
I don't want to go.
I don't want to got to bed.
I don't want to grow up.
I don't want to handle it.
I don't want to hang out with Tom anymore.
I don't want to hang out with Tom.
I don't want to hang out with you guys today.
I don't want to hang out with you guys.
I don't want to hang out with you.
I don't want to harm anyone in this process.
I don't want to harm anyone.
I don't want to harm you.
I don't want to hate you.
I don't want to have a baby, ever.
I don't want to have a birthday party this year.
I don't want to have a sleepless night.
I don't want to have a stiff neck!
I don't want to have an operation.
I don't want to have any more children.
I don't want to have any problems.
I don't want to have any secrets from you.
I don't want to have anything in common with Tom or Mary.
I don't want to have anything in common with Tom.
I don't want to have anything in common with such an idiot.
I don't want to have anything more to do with you!
I don't want to have anything that reminds me of you in this room.
I don't want to have anything to do with Tom.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
I don't want to have anything to do with you.
I don't want to have children.
I don't want to have children. Is that abnormal?
I don't want to have dinner.
I don't want to have kids because I don't think I could bring them up to be good people.
I don't want to have kids, and I don't want to get married.
I don't want to have kids, but I want to get married.
I don't want to have surgery.
I don't want to have this conversation.
I don't want to have this discussion.
I don't want to have this fight.
I don't want to have to call the cops.
I don't want to have to choose.
I don't want to have to deal with it right now.
I don't want to have to deal with this again.
I don't want to have to do that again.
I don't want to have to do this again.
I don't want to have to do this.
I don't want to have to explain this again, so please listen carefully.
I don't want to have to fight you.
I don't want to have to hurt anyone.
I don't want to have to hurt you, but if you get in my way, I'll have no choice.
I don't want to have to listen to Tom sing that song again.
I don't want to have to repeat this.
I don't want to have to shoot you.
I don't want to have to wait around for you during your appointment, so I'll just drop you off and go get a coffee.
I don't want to have to warn you again.
I don't want to have to worry about you.
I don't want to have you involved in the trouble.
I don't want to hear Mary's incessant questioning so keep this talk of my divorce between us.
I don't want to hear a story.
I don't want to hear a thing about it.
I don't want to hear a word from you.
I don't want to hear about Tom.
I don't want to hear about all your ex-boyfriends.
I don't want to hear about all your ex-girlfriends.
I don't want to hear about all your old girlfriends.
I don't want to hear about her.
I don't want to hear about him.
I don't want to hear about it again.
I don't want to hear about it anymore.
I don't want to hear about it.
I don't want to hear about that anymore.
I don't want to hear about them.
I don't want to hear about what Tom did this morning.
I don't want to hear about what you did yesterday.
I don't want to hear about your personal life.
I don't want to hear about your personal problems.
I don't want to hear another complaint about you.
I don't want to hear another peep out of you!
I don't want to hear another peep out of you.
I don't want to hear another word about her.
I don't want to hear another word about it!
I don't want to hear another word about it.
I don't want to hear another word about this.
I don't want to hear another word out of you.
I don't want to hear another word.
I don't want to hear any backtalk.
I don't want to hear any complaints today.
I don't want to hear any complaints.
I don't want to hear any excuses.
I don't want to hear any more about Marika.
I don't want to hear any more about Tom.
I don't want to hear any more complaints from you.
I don't want to hear any more excuses.
I don't want to hear any more of that mumbo jumbo.
I don't want to hear any more of that story, please.
I don't want to hear any more of this.
I don't want to hear any more of your complaining.
I don't want to hear any more of your stupid jokes.
I don't want to hear any more pie-in-the-sky ideas; we need something practical we can start doing now.
I don't want to hear any more.
I don't want to hear any of your complaints.
I don't want to hear any of your lies.
I don't want to hear any slurping.
I don't want to hear anything about Tom's wedding.
I don't want to hear anything about her sex life.
I don't want to hear anything about her.
I don't want to hear anything more about Tom.
I don't want to hear anything more about that.
I don't want to hear anything you have to say.
I don't want to hear excuses.
I don't want to hear from you anymore.
I don't want to hear gossip.
I don't want to hear her side.
I don't want to hear it anymore.
I don't want to hear it, begone with you!
I don't want to hear it.
I don't want to hear that coming from you.
I don't want to hear that from someone who's not going to practice what they preach.
I don't want to hear that name ever again.
I don't want to hear that word.
I don't want to hear that.
I don't want to hear this.
I don't want to hear you speak.
I don't want to hear you talking back anymore.
I don't want to hear your complaints.
I don't want to hear your excuses.
I don't want to hear your feeble excuses.
I don't want to hear your lame excuses.
I don't want to hear your stories. I already know them all.
I don't want to hear your theories.
I don't want to help Tom and Mary do that again.
I don't want to help Tom and Mary do that anymore.
I don't want to help Tom do that again.
I don't want to help Tom do that anymore.
I don't want to help Tom do that today.
I don't want to help Tom do that.
I don't want to help Tom today.
I don't want to help Tom with anything.
I don't want to help Tom with his homework.
I don't want to help Tom, but I might.
I don't want to help Tom.
I don't want to help him at all.
I don't want to help you do that.
I don't want to help you.
I don't want to help.
I don't want to hide anything from you anymore.
I don't want to hide from you anymore.
I don't want to hit you, Tom.
I don't want to hold hands with a boy in a folk dance.
I don't want to hold you back.
I don't want to hug Tom.
I don't want to hug you.
I don't want to humiliate Tom.
I don't want to humiliate her.
I don't want to humiliate him.
I don't want to humiliate them.
I don't want to hurt Tom again.
I don't want to hurt Tom any more than I already have.
I don't want to hurt Tom's feelings.
I don't want to hurt Tom, but I will if I have to.
I don't want to hurt Tom.
I don't want to hurt anybody.
I don't want to hurt anyone's feelings.
I don't want to hurt anyone.
I don't want to hurt her feelings.
I don't want to hurt her.
I don't want to hurt him.
I don't want to hurt his feelings.
I don't want to hurt my son's feelings.
I don't want to hurt myself.
I don't want to hurt you, Tom.
I don't want to hurt you.
I don't want to hurt you. I want to help you.
I don't want to hurt your feelings.
I don't want to identify myself with that group.
I don't want to imagine ever looking up "Viagra" on Wikipedia.
I don't want to impose on my friends.
I don't want to impose on you.
I don't want to impose.
I don't want to influence you in any way.
I don't want to influence your decision.
I don't want to insult Tom.
I don't want to insult her.
I don't want to insult him.
I don't want to insult them.
I don't want to insult you.
I don't want to interact with people like you in any way.
I don't want to interact with you in any way.
I don't want to interfere with your personal life.
I don't want to interfere.
I don't want to interrupt Mary while she's working.
I don't want to interrupt Tom and Mary while they're working.
I don't want to interrupt Tom while he's speaking.
I don't want to interrupt Tom while he's working.
I don't want to interrupt Tom.
I don't want to interrupt her.
I don't want to interrupt him.
I don't want to interrupt them.
I don't want to interrupt.
I don't want to intervene.
I don't want to intrude on them if they're busy.
I don't want to intrude.
I don't want to invite Tom to my party.
I don't want to invite either Tom or Mary to our party.
I don't want to involve Tom at this point.
I don't want to involve Tom.
I don't want to join the kind of a club that accepts people like me as members.
I don't want to join the team.
I don't want to join your club.
I don't want to join your group.
I don't want to jump into any conclusions at this juncture.
I don't want to jump into the cold water.
I don't want to jump the gun.
I don't want to jump to any conclusions.
I don't want to jump to conclusions.
I don't want to just know. I want to teach.
I don't want to just restate what Tom said.
I don't want to justify my wrongdoings.
I don't want to keep Tom waiting.
I don't want to keep doing this.
I don't want to keep it.
I don't want to keep my friend waiting.
I don't want to keep thinking about COVID-19 all the time.
I don't want to keep this up if you don't even care about me.
I don't want to keep this.
I don't want to keep you too long.
I don't want to kill anybody.
I don't want to kill anyone.
I don't want to kill you, Tom.
I don't want to kill you.
I don't want to kiss Tom.
I don't want to kiss you.
I don't want to know about it.
I don't want to know about this.
I don't want to know about your dirty businesses.
I don't want to know all your old boyfriends' names.
I don't want to know any more.
I don't want to know anything about Tom.
I don't want to know anything about how you feel about that guy.
I don't want to know anything about it!
I don't want to know anything about it.
I don't want to know anything about that.
I don't want to know anything until tomorrow.
I don't want to know anything, it doesn't concern me.
I don't want to know anything.
I don't want to know either.
I don't want to know his name.
I don't want to know how you know that.
I don't want to know that kind of story.
I don't want to know the future.
I don't want to know the result, so don't tell me.
I don't want to know the truth.
I don't want to know their names.
I don't want to know this.
I don't want to know what I'll be like in 30 years.
I don't want to know what Tom has done.
I don't want to know what happened here.
I don't want to know what his name is.
I don't want to know what it's like.
I don't want to know what there is in this chest.
I don't want to know what will happen.
I don't want to know what you did yesterday.
I don't want to know what you did.
I don't want to know what you have done with that.
I don't want to know what you think about this.
I don't want to know what you're thinking right now.
I don't want to know what's going on.
I don't want to know what's going to happen.
I don't want to know what's in there.
I don't want to know where you went.
I don't want to know where you were.
I don't want to know who kissed you.
I don't want to know why Tom didn't do that.
I don't want to know why Tom doesn't want to do that.
I don't want to know why you don't like me.
I don't want to know you anymore.
I don't want to know your life story.
I don't want to know.
I don't want to laugh at you.
I don't want to lead a dog's life any more.
I don't want to lead a dog's life anymore.
I don't want to lead you on, Tom.
I don't want to lead you on.
I don't want to learn English.
I don't want to learn French or English.
I don't want to learn French.
I don't want to learn any more languages.
I don't want to learn the grammar. But, I do want to know the vocabulary.
I don't want to learn words without context.
I don't want to learn your language.
I don't want to leave Australia.
I don't want to leave Boston.
I don't want to leave Tom alone.
I don't want to leave Tom behind.
I don't want to leave Tom.
I don't want to leave a mess.
I don't want to leave a message.
I don't want to leave any paper trails.
I don't want to leave early.
I don't want to leave empty-handed.
I don't want to leave her.
I don't want to leave here again. I feel comfortable here.
I don't want to leave here.
I don't want to leave him.
I don't want to leave my door open.
I don't want to leave my door unlocked.
I don't want to leave my kids a fractured country.
I don't want to leave now.
I don't want to leave right away.
I don't want to leave the country.
I don't want to leave the door open.
I don't want to leave the door unlocked.
I don't want to leave the house.
I don't want to leave the street.
I don't want to leave them.
I don't want to leave this world without making love to someone first.
I don't want to leave today.
I don't want to leave town.
I don't want to leave unsaid truths be unsaid.
I don't want to leave you alone with Tom.
I don't want to leave you here on your own.
I don't want to leave you to handle so much pressure all on your own.
I don't want to leave you.
I don't want to leave.
I don't want to lend or borrow.
I don't want to let Tom down.
I don't want to let Tom go.
I don't want to let Tom into my house.
I don't want to let go of it.
I don't want to let go of my anger.
I don't want to let go of the steering wheel.
I don't want to let her down.
I don't want to let him down.
I don't want to let him get the best of me!
I don't want to let my emotions out.
I don't want to let my team down.
I don't want to let myself go bad.
I don't want to let that happen.
I don't want to let them down.
I don't want to let you down.
I don't want to let you go.
I don't want to lie any more.
I don't want to lie anymore.
I don't want to lie down.
I don't want to lie to Tom.
I don't want to lie to her.
I don't want to lie to him.
I don't want to lie to them.
I don't want to lie to you.
I don't want to lie.
I don't want to listen to music right now.
I don't want to listen to you anymore. Get out of here!
I don't want to listen to you complain.
I don't want to listen to you complaining again.
I don't want to listen to you.
I don't want to listen to your excuses.
I don't want to listen to your explanations.
I don't want to listen to your shitty music.
I don't want to listen to your whining anymore.
I don't want to live a dog's life anymore.
I don't want to live a mediocre life.
I don't want to live all by myself.
I don't want to live alone.
I don't want to live anymore.
I don't want to live anywhere else.
I don't want to live as a couple. It's like having a dog.
I don't want to live by myself anymore.
I don't want to live by myself.
I don't want to live by your rules.
I don't want to live forever.
I don't want to live here any longer.
I don't want to live here anymore.
I don't want to live here by myself.
I don't want to live here.
I don't want to live in Australia any longer.
I don't want to live in Australia anymore.
I don't want to live in Australia anymore; I'm moving to New Zealand.
I don't want to live in Australia for more than a year.
I don't want to live in Australia for more than three years.
I don't want to live in Australia.
I don't want to live in Boston anymore.
I don't want to live in Boston for more than a year.
I don't want to live in Boston for more than three years.
I don't want to live in Boston.
I don't want to live in Kabylie.
I don't want to live in Rome.
I don't want to live in a big city.
I don't want to live in a big mansion.
I don't want to live in a country that doesn't want to defend my rights.
I don't want to live in a country where Tom Jackson is the president.
I don't want to live in a world where people don't know the difference between men and women.
I don't want to live in an apartment.
I don't want to live in my own country anymore.
I don't want to live in that house for the rest of my life.
I don't want to live in the city.
I don't want to live in the country.
I don't want to live like that.
I don't want to live like this anymore.
I don't want to live like this.
I don't want to live my life in fear.
I don't want to live my life like this.
I don't want to live my life without you.
I don't want to live next door to Tom.
I don't want to live on my own.
I don't want to live on the street.
I don't want to live on this planet anymore.
I don't want to live that way.
I don't want to live the rest of my life with a woman that I can respect but can't love.
I don't want to live this way anymore.
I don't want to live this way.
I don't want to live too near to where I work.
I don't want to live under the same roof as you.
I don't want to live where I work.
I don't want to live with Tom.
I don't want to live with that.
I don't want to live with you anymore.
I don't want to live with you.
I don't want to live without my best friends.
I don't want to live without you.
I don't want to live.
I don't want to look at Tom.
I don't want to look at her.
I don't want to look at him.
I don't want to look at them.
I don't want to look bald.
I don't want to look foolish.
I don't want to look like I'm not doing anything.
I don't want to look like Tom.
I don't want to look like a donkey.
I don't want to look like a dork.
I don't want to look like a tourist.
I don't want to look silly.
I don't want to look stupid.
I don't want to look weak.
I don't want to look younger.
I don't want to look.
I don't want to lose Fadil all over again.
I don't want to lose Mary.
I don't want to lose Tom as a friend.
I don't want to lose Tom.
I don't want to lose any more money.
I don't want to lose any more time.
I don't want to lose any time.
I don't want to lose face.
I don't want to lose her.
I don't want to lose him.
I don't want to lose my Berber.
I don't want to lose my boyfriend.
I don't want to lose my customers.
I don't want to lose my deposit.
I don't want to lose my friends.
I don't want to lose my girlfriend.
I don't want to lose my heart a second time.
I don't want to lose my house.
I don't want to lose my ideas, even though some of them are a bit extreme.
I don't want to lose my job.
I don't want to lose my license.
I don't want to lose my place in line.
I don't want to lose my streak.
I don't want to lose my wife.
I don't want to lose them.
I don't want to lose this game.
I don't want to lose this job.
I don't want to lose this match.
I don't want to lose this umbrella.
I don't want to lose you again, Tom.
I don't want to lose you again.
I don't want to lose you as a friend.
I don't want to lose you ever again.
I don't want to lose you for nothing.
I don't want to lose you, Tom.
I don't want to lose you.
I don't want to lose.
I don't want to love Mary, but I do.
I don't want to love Tom, but I do.
I don't want to make Tom angry.
I don't want to make Tom sad.
I don't want to make a big deal out of it.
I don't want to make a big deal out of this.
I don't want to make a fool of myself.
I don't want to make a mess.
I don't want to make a mistake.
I don't want to make a speech.
I don't want to make an issue of it.
I don't want to make any mistakes.
I don't want to make anyone unhappy.
I don't want to make excuses.
I don't want to make her cry.
I don't want to make matters worse.
I don't want to make money off dead people.
I don't want to make money.
I don't want to make new friends!
I don't want to make promises I can't keep.
I don't want to make promises that I can't keep.
I don't want to make that choice.
I don't want to make that mistake again.
I don't want to make the same mistake Tom made.
I don't want to make the same mistake again.
I don't want to make the same mistakes again.
I don't want to make the same mistakes as Tom did.
I don't want to make the same mistakes over again.
I don't want to make the same mistakes that Tom did.
I don't want to make this all about me.
I don't want to make this mistake again.
I don't want to make waves.
I don't want to make you angry.
I don't want to make you awkward.
I don't want to marry Mary.
I don't want to marry Tom.
I don't want to marry a good-for-nothing.
I don't want to marry a lazy person.
I don't want to marry a slacker.
I don't want to marry a stupid man!
I don't want to marry her.
I don't want to marry him.
I don't want to marry very early.
I don't want to marry you.
I don't want to marry you. Period, exclamation mark.
I don't want to meet Tom again.
I don't want to meet Tom.
I don't want to meet anyone for a while and I don't want to go outside either.
I don't want to meet her.
I don't want to meet him.
I don't want to meet them.
I don't want to meet your parents.
I don't want to mess around.
I don't want to mess it up.
I don't want to mess that up.
I don't want to mess up now.
I don't want to mess up.
I don't want to mess with it.
I don't want to mess with that.
I don't want to mislead you.
I don't want to miss Halloween with my children.
I don't want to miss a thing.
I don't want to miss any important event of William's.
I don't want to miss anything.
I don't want to miss happy hour.
I don't want to miss it!
I don't want to miss it.
I don't want to miss my flight.
I don't want to miss my plane.
I don't want to miss my train.
I don't want to miss out on anything.
I don't want to miss that.
I don't want to miss the Friday prayer.
I don't want to miss the bus.
I don't want to miss the exam.
I don't want to miss the final act.
I don't want to miss the first act.
I don't want to miss the flight.
I don't want to miss the last train.
I don't want to miss the party.
I don't want to miss the plane.
I don't want to miss this chance to learn something new.
I don't want to miss this.
I don't want to miss you.
I don't want to misspell anything.
I don't want to move again.
I don't want to move back to Australia.
I don't want to move back to Boston.
I don't want to move here.
I don't want to move to Australia.
I don't want to move to Boston.
I don't want to move too fast.
I don't want to move.
I don't want to name names.
I don't want to not do that.
I don't want to offend Tom.
I don't want to offend anyone.
I don't want to offend her.
I don't want to offend him.
I don't want to offend them.
I don't want to offend you.
I don't want to open the window.
I don't want to overload my phone with useless apps.
I don't want to overreact.
I don't want to overstate things.
I don't want to own a restaurant.
I don't want to park too close to Tom's car.
I don't want to participate in the ceremony.
I don't want to pass away in front of the kids.
I don't want to pass out.
I don't want to pay bills all my life.
I don't want to pay for someone else's feast.
I don't want to pay in cash.
I don't want to pay that much.
I don't want to pay through the nose for a hotel room.
I don't want to pay.
I don't want to phone her any more.
I don't want to phone him any more.
I don't want to pick a fight.
I don't want to piss her off.
I don't want to piss him off.
I don't want to play any more.
I don't want to play any of the songs Tom requested.
I don't want to play anymore.
I don't want to play baseball anymore.
I don't want to play cards.
I don't want to play checkers.
I don't want to play chess with Tom.
I don't want to play chess with you.
I don't want to play chess.
I don't want to play draughts.
I don't want to play footsie with you, Tom.
I don't want to play games.
I don't want to play golf anymore.
I don't want to play golf with Tom.
I don't want to play golf.
I don't want to play here on this surface.
I don't want to play now.
I don't want to play outside today.
I don't want to play poker.
I don't want to play tennis this afternoon.
I don't want to play tennis with Tom.
I don't want to play tennis with you.
I don't want to play this game anymore.
I don't want to play this game.
I don't want to play with Tom.
I don't want to play with her.
I don't want to play with him.
I don't want to play with them.
I don't want to play with you any more.
I don't want to play with you anymore.
I don't want to play with you!
I don't want to play with you! You're not my friend!
I don't want to play with you.
I don't want to play.
I don't want to post it.
I don't want to prejudge them.
I don't want to press charges.
I don't want to press you.
I don't want to pressure you.
I don't want to pretend I'm someone I'm not.
I don't want to propose to you!
I don't want to pry into your private life.
I don't want to put her to even a small inconvenience.
I don't want to put it down.
I don't want to put my foot in my mouth.
I don't want to put pressure on you.
I don't want to put you in an awkward position.
I don't want to put you into trouble, but I want you to know that you're free from danger with me, and that I'm sheltering you from any exterior danger that may come your way. I'm taking you under my wings at any time of the day.
I don't want to put you out.
I don't want to put you to any trouble.
I don't want to put your high spirits down but the fact is that you've failed at your last exam and, moreover, you have an appointment to the dentist planned for tomorrow, and I know how much it annoys you to go to the dentist but you need to get it done for tomorrow.
I don't want to quarrel with you.
I don't want to quit smoking or drinking because it makes me feel better.
I don't want to quit this job.
I don't want to quit.
I don't want to raise false hopes.
I don't want to raise your blood pressure.
I don't want to raise your hopes.
I don't want to read any paper.
I don't want to read anything else.
I don't want to read anything today.
I don't want to read anything.
I don't want to read it.
I don't want to read more.
I don't want to read that book.
I don't want to read the Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya.
I don't want to read the book.
I don't want to read the comments.
I don't want to read this book.
I don't want to read this here book.
I don't want to refute this outworn idea.
I don't want to regret anything.
I don't want to regret later in life having missed out on something in my youth.
I don't want to rehash all that stuff from the past.
I don't want to reject this claim.
I don't want to rely on anyone else.
I don't want to remain a prisoner of this situation.
I don't want to remain here.
I don't want to remember Tom that way.
I don't want to remember Tom.
I don't want to remember that.
I don't want to remember.
I don't want to remember. I feel I'll go mad through rage.
I don't want to repeat her mistakes.
I don't want to repeat my innocence. I want the pleasure of losing it again.
I don't want to repeat myself.
I don't want to reply to Tom's letter.
I don't want to reply to this letter.
I don't want to resign my job at present.
I don't want to respect a man like him.
I don't want to respond to this letter.
I don't want to rest.
I don't want to retire yet.
I don't want to retire.
I don't want to return to Australia.
I don't want to return to Boston.
I don't want to reveal my birthday to you.
I don't want to right now.
I don't want to ring her any more.
I don't want to ring him any more.
I don't want to risk breaking my leg.
I don't want to risk it.
I don't want to risk losing Tom as a friend.
I don't want to risk losing him.
I don't want to risk losing it.
I don't want to risk missing the last train of the day.
I don't want to risk my life.
I don't want to risk our plan just because you are trigger-happy!
I don't want to risk that.
I don't want to rock the boat.
I don't want to ruin Christmas for you.
I don't want to ruin Tom's holiday.
I don't want to ruin my relationship with her.
I don't want to ruin our wonderful friendship.
I don't want to ruin the evening for everyone.
I don't want to ruin the moment.
I don't want to ruin your Halloween.
I don't want to ruin your day.
I don't want to run into Tom today.
I don't want to run into Tom.
I don't want to run into her.
I don't want to run into him.
I don't want to run into them.
I don't want to run such a risk.
I don't want to run the risk of losing it.
I don't want to run.
I don't want to rush you, but let's try to catch the next bus.
I don't want to rush you; it's just that I have a commitment in ten minutes.
I don't want to say "hello".
I don't want to say any more than that.
I don't want to say anything about that now.
I don't want to say anything in a harsh tone at any time.
I don't want to say anything now.
I don't want to say anything since I don't want to influence you.
I don't want to say anything that might make Tom angry.
I don't want to say anything that might make Tom cry.
I don't want to say anything that might make Tom mad.
I don't want to say anything that might upset Tom.
I don't want to say anything that'll make Tom angry.
I don't want to say anything.
I don't want to say goodbye just yet.
I don't want to say goodbye to you.
I don't want to say goodbye.
I don't want to say hello.
I don't want to say that to Tom.
I don't want to say that to him.
I don't want to say that to my friend.
I don't want to say that to my girlfriend.
I don't want to say that.
I don't want to say the answer.
I don't want to scare Tom.
I don't want to scare anyone, but that's just the beginning.
I don't want to scare them.
I don't want to scare you, but the situation is very serious.
I don't want to scare you.
I don't want to see Tom again.
I don't want to see Tom and Mary do that.
I don't want to see Tom any more.
I don't want to see Tom anymore.
I don't want to see Tom at all.
I don't want to see Tom at this place.
I don't want to see Tom die.
I don't want to see Tom do that.
I don't want to see Tom ever again.
I don't want to see Tom for some time.
I don't want to see Tom get hurt.
I don't want to see Tom here again.
I don't want to see Tom here.
I don't want to see Tom naked.
I don't want to see Tom now.
I don't want to see Tom or hear him.
I don't want to see Tom right now.
I don't want to see Tom suffer.
I don't want to see Tom today.
I don't want to see Tom unhappy.
I don't want to see Tom.
I don't want to see any more of this.
I don't want to see any more of your pictures.
I don't want to see anybody get hurt.
I don't want to see anybody today.
I don't want to see anybody.
I don't want to see anyone die.
I don't want to see anyone now.
I don't want to see anyone today.
I don't want to see anyone.
I don't want to see anyone. Leave me alone!
I don't want to see anything else.
I don't want to see her anymore.
I don't want to see her ever again.
I don't want to see her get hurt.
I don't want to see her naked.
I don't want to see her now.
I don't want to see her today.
I don't want to see her.
I don't want to see him again.
I don't want to see him any more.
I don't want to see him anymore.
I don't want to see him at all.
I don't want to see him ever again.
I don't want to see him get hurt.
I don't want to see him naked.
I don't want to see him now.
I don't want to see him today.
I don't want to see him, let alone go out with him.
I don't want to see him.
I don't want to see it now.
I don't want to see it.
I don't want to see my future after 30 years.
I don't want to see tears start running down your cheeks.
I don't want to see that again.
I don't want to see that happen.
I don't want to see that movie.
I don't want to see that.
I don't want to see their faces again.
I don't want to see them anymore.
I don't want to see them naked.
I don't want to see them now.
I don't want to see them today.
I don't want to see this again.
I don't want to see this anymore.
I don't want to see this either.
I don't want to see you again.
I don't want to see you anymore.
I don't want to see you disappointed.
I don't want to see you down here again.
I don't want to see you ever again.
I don't want to see you feeling bad.
I don't want to see you get hurt.
I don't want to see you here again.
I don't want to see you in tears, wipe your tears away to avoid making me feel sad.
I don't want to see you naked.
I don't want to see you put on a sad face.
I don't want to see you sad.
I don't want to see you.
I don't want to see your face again.
I don't want to see your face around here anymore.
I don't want to see your face ever again.
I don't want to see your face here ever again.
I don't want to see your faces.
I don't want to seem desperate.
I don't want to seem insensitive.
I don't want to seem pushy.
I don't want to seem too eager.
I don't want to sell any of my paintings.
I don't want to sell chocolate anymore.
I don't want to sell it.
I don't want to sell my car, but I have no choice.
I don't want to sell my car.
I don't want to sell my farm.
I don't want to sell my house.
I don't want to sell my land.
I don't want to sell my soul for money.
I don't want to sell my soul to the devil.
I don't want to sell my soul.
I don't want to sell this.
I don't want to sell this. Let's find something else we can sell.
I don't want to sell you anything.
I don't want to send you mixed signals.
I don't want to separate myself from the team.
I don't want to settle for second best.
I don't want to share a room with anybody.
I don't want to share a room with anyone.
I don't want to share anything with Tom.
I don't want to share my ice cream with you.
I don't want to share my lunch with Tom.
I don't want to share my room with Tom.
I don't want to share my towels with anyone.
I don't want to share the hotel room with a stranger.
I don't want to share the office with Tom.
I don't want to share this with anyone.
I don't want to share.
I don't want to shoot and kill you.
I don't want to shoot you, but I will if I have to.
I don't want to shoot you.
I don't want to shoot.
I don't want to shout.
I don't want to show Tom how to do that.
I don't want to show it to Tom yet.
I don't want to show off.
I don't want to show you how to do that.
I don't want to shower.
I don't want to sign it.
I don't want to sign that.
I don't want to sing any of the songs Tom requested.
I don't want to sing anymore.
I don't want to sing either.
I don't want to sing right now.
I don't want to sing with Tom anymore.
I don't want to sing with Tom.
I don't want to sing with you anymore.
I don't want to sing with you.
I don't want to sing, because I'm tone-deaf.
I don't want to sing.
I don't want to sit alone in the dark.
I don't want to sit around for hours.
I don't want to sit down.
I don't want to sit in the back.
I don't want to sit in the front.
I don't want to sit next to Tom tonight.
I don't want to sit next to Tom.
I don't want to sit next to her.
I don't want to sit next to him.
I don't want to sit next to them.
I don't want to sit next to you.
I don't want to sit with Tom.
I don't want to sit with you.
I don't want to sleep in this room.
I don't want to sleep on the couch again tonight.
I don't want to sleep with him.
I don't want to sleep with just anybody anymore.
I don't want to sleep yet, so I'm still studying.
I don't want to sleep.
I don't want to smell like cigarette smoke.
I don't want to smoke.
I don't want to sound disloyal.
I don't want to sound like a broken record, but you are a pretty lady.
I don't want to sound negative, but...
I don't want to sound pessimistic.
I don't want to sound weird, but you look like a teenager.
I don't want to sour his relationship with the company by fining him for misconduct just before he's due to leave.
I don't want to speak French.
I don't want to speak about her.
I don't want to speak about this subject.
I don't want to speak for my friends.
I don't want to speak ill of the dead.
I don't want to speak in French.
I don't want to speak to anybody else.
I don't want to speak to anyone.
I don't want to speak with Tom and I don't want to see him either.
I don't want to speak with Tom, nor do I want to see him.
I don't want to speak with Tom.
I don't want to speak with you.
I don't want to speak your language.
I don't want to speculate.
I don't want to spend a lot a money.
I don't want to spend all day at the zoo.
I don't want to spend all day doing that.
I don't want to spend all day doing this.
I don't want to spend another day here.
I don't want to spend any more time discussing this.
I don't want to spend any more time doing this.
I don't want to spend any more time in Australia.
I don't want to spend any more time in Boston.
I don't want to spend any more time on this.
I don't want to spend any more time than necessary cleaning the house.
I don't want to spend any more time trying to do this.
I don't want to spend any of my precious energy on my parents.
I don't want to spend more than $10.
I don't want to spend more than $300.
I don't want to spend more than thirty dollars on Tom's birthday present.
I don't want to spend more than thirty dollars.
I don't want to spend more time cleaning the house than I need to.
I don't want to spend much time doing that.
I don't want to spend my life behind a desk.
I don't want to spend my life here.
I don't want to spend my life like this.
I don't want to spend my vacation shut-up inside.
I don't want to spend my vacations locked inside my house.
I don't want to spend my whole life here.
I don't want to spend that much for a meal.
I don't want to spend that much.
I don't want to spend the rest of my life alone.
I don't want to spend the rest of my life doing this.
I don't want to spend the rest of my life here.
I don't want to spend the rest of my life in jail.
I don't want to spend the rest of my life in prison.
I don't want to spend the rest of my life regretting it.
I don't want to spend the rest of my life regretting that I didn't at least try to do that.
I don't want to spend time in jail.
I don't want to spend time with Tom.
I don't want to spend time with you.
I don't want to spoil everything.
I don't want to spoil the ending for you.
I don't want to spoil the ending!
I don't want to spoil the surprise.
I don't want to spread myself too thin.
I don't want to stand in line.
I don't want to stand in your way.
I don't want to start a family right now; I want to finish my studies first.
I don't want to start a fight.
I don't want to start anything I can't finish.
I don't want to start giving him cakes.
I don't want to start it again.
I don't want to start rumors.
I don't want to stay any longer.
I don't want to stay any longer. Besides, I have to be home at ten.
I don't want to stay at home.
I don't want to stay here a minute longer than I have to.
I don't want to stay here alone.
I don't want to stay here any longer.
I don't want to stay here anymore, Tom.
I don't want to stay here by myself.
I don't want to stay here tonight.
I don't want to stay here.
I don't want to stay home all day.
I don't want to stay home today.
I don't want to stay home.
I don't want to stay in Australia any longer.
I don't want to stay in Australia.
I don't want to stay in Boston any longer.
I don't want to stay in Boston.
I don't want to stay in Kabylie.
I don't want to stay in bed any longer.
I don't want to stay inside all day.
I don't want to stay longer around your kids because they made me feel so mentally exhausted already.
I don't want to stay there for long.
I don't want to stay there long.
I don't want to stay with Tom.
I don't want to stay with you.
I don't want to stay.
I don't want to step on Tom's toes.
I don't want to step on anybody's toes.
I don't want to step on your toes.
I don't want to stick around.
I don't want to stick my nose in your business.
I don't want to stick my nose into your business.
I don't want to stir things up.
I don't want to stir up old memories.
I don't want to stoop to his level.
I don't want to stop doing this.
I don't want to stop doing what I'm doing.
I don't want to stop here.
I don't want to stop working.
I don't want to stop you.
I don't want to stop.
I don't want to string you along.
I don't want to study Berber.
I don't want to study French anymore.
I don't want to study French or English.
I don't want to study French, but I have to.
I don't want to study French.
I don't want to study German.
I don't want to study abroad.
I don't want to study in Australia.
I don't want to study in Boston.
I don't want to study medicine.
I don't want to study today.
I don't want to study tonight.
I don't want to study, but to get married.
I don't want to study.
I don't want to sue Tom.
I don't want to sue her.
I don't want to sue him.
I don't want to sue them.
I don't want to suffer for no reason.
I don't want to suffer.
I don't want to support Tom.
I don't want to surprise Tom.
I don't want to swim.
I don't want to take a bath.
I don't want to take a cab.
I don't want to take a chance.
I don't want to take a class at the gym.
I don't want to take a shower.
I don't want to take a taxi.
I don't want to take a walk now.
I don't want to take advantage of anyone.
I don't want to take advantage of them.
I don't want to take any chances.
I don't want to take any pictures.
I don't want to take anyone's side.
I don't want to take care of a dog.
I don't want to take him with me.
I don't want to take my medicines.
I don't want to take on another liability.
I don't want to take on any more work.
I don't want to take over the family business.
I don't want to take part in the ceremony.
I don't want to take piano lessons anymore.
I don't want to take risks.
I don't want to take such a risk.
I don't want to take that chance.
I don't want to take that kind of risk.
I don't want to take that risk.
I don't want to take the IELTS or the TOEFL.
I don't want to take the blame for this.
I don't want to take the chance.
I don't want to take the garbage out.
I don't want to take too much advantage.
I don't want to take up any more of your time.
I don't want to take up much of your time.
I don't want to take up too much of your time.
I don't want to take your money.
I don't want to talk about Tom anymore.
I don't want to talk about Tom.
I don't want to talk about her anymore.
I don't want to talk about her.
I don't want to talk about him.
I don't want to talk about it anymore.
I don't want to talk about it anymore. I'm done with this.
I don't want to talk about it further.
I don't want to talk about it here.
I don't want to talk about it now.
I don't want to talk about it right now.
I don't want to talk about it with you.
I don't want to talk about it, OK?
I don't want to talk about it, okay?
I don't want to talk about it.
I don't want to talk about love.
I don't want to talk about music.
I don't want to talk about my child.
I don't want to talk about my cold.
I don't want to talk about my dreams.
I don't want to talk about my family.
I don't want to talk about my past.
I don't want to talk about my private life.
I don't want to talk about my problems.
I don't want to talk about my relationship with Mary.
I don't want to talk about my relationship with Tom.
I don't want to talk about myself.
I don't want to talk about school.
I don't want to talk about sports.
I don't want to talk about that any more.
I don't want to talk about that anymore.
I don't want to talk about that here.
I don't want to talk about that now.
I don't want to talk about that over the phone.
I don't want to talk about that right now.
I don't want to talk about that today.
I don't want to talk about that, OK?
I don't want to talk about that.
I don't want to talk about the past.
I don't want to talk about the weather.
I don't want to talk about them.
I don't want to talk about this again.
I don't want to talk about this anymore.
I don't want to talk about this now.
I don't want to talk about this right now.
I don't want to talk about this.
I don't want to talk about what happened in Australia last week.
I don't want to talk about what happened in Boston last week.
I don't want to talk about what happened.
I don't want to talk about what's happened.
I don't want to talk about work.
I don't want to talk anymore.
I don't want to talk now. I'm tired.
I don't want to talk right now.
I don't want to talk to Tom again.
I don't want to talk to Tom any more than you do.
I don't want to talk to Tom anymore.
I don't want to talk to Tom ever again.
I don't want to talk to Tom right now.
I don't want to talk to Tom, but I have no choice.
I don't want to talk to Tom.
I don't want to talk to a counselor.
I don't want to talk to any reporters.
I don't want to talk to anybody today.
I don't want to talk to anybody.
I don't want to talk to anyone today.
I don't want to talk to anyone.
I don't want to talk to her anymore.
I don't want to talk to her.
I don't want to talk to him anymore.
I don't want to talk to him face to face.
I don't want to talk to him.
I don't want to talk to that bloke ever again.
I don't want to talk to them.
I don't want to talk to you about Tom.
I don't want to talk to you about this.
I don't want to talk to you anymore.
I don't want to talk to you anymore. Go away.
I don't want to talk to you either.
I don't want to talk to you ever again.
I don't want to talk to you now.
I don't want to talk to you right now.
I don't want to talk to you today.
I don't want to talk to you, Tom.
I don't want to talk to you, because you broke my heart.
I don't want to talk to you.
I don't want to talk with Tom.
I don't want to talk with you.
I don't want to talk.
I don't want to teach French.
I don't want to tell Tom I was in Australia.
I don't want to tell Tom I've been to Australia.
I don't want to tell Tom I've been to Boston.
I don't want to tell Tom about what happened.
I don't want to tell Tom anything.
I don't want to tell Tom everything.
I don't want to tell Tom how much I weigh.
I don't want to tell Tom how much money I lost gambling.
I don't want to tell Tom how old I am.
I don't want to tell Tom that I was in Australia.
I don't want to tell Tom that I was in Boston.
I don't want to tell Tom that I've been to Australia.
I don't want to tell Tom that.
I don't want to tell Tom the truth.
I don't want to tell Tom.
I don't want to tell anybody about what I've done.
I don't want to tell anybody anything.
I don't want to tell anyone anything.
I don't want to tell her.
I don't want to tell him that.
I don't want to tell him.
I don't want to tell my boyfriend.
I don't want to tell my girlfriend that.
I don't want to tell my girlfriend.
I don't want to tell my parents.
I don't want to tell that to anyone.
I don't want to tell them why I'm late.
I don't want to tell you anything today.
I don't want to tell you how I did that.
I don't want to tell you how Tom and I met.
I don't want to tell you my dreams.
I don't want to tell you my name.
I don't want to tell you my phone number.
I don't want to tell you the truth.
I don't want to tell you.
I don't want to tempt fate.
I don't want to testify against Tom.
I don't want to testify.
I don't want to think about Sami now.
I don't want to think about anything anymore.
I don't want to think about anything else right now.
I don't want to think about death.
I don't want to think about dying.
I don't want to think about homework right now.
I don't want to think about it anymore.
I don't want to think about it.
I don't want to think about matters of death.
I don't want to think about that again.
I don't want to think about that anymore.
I don't want to think about that now.
I don't want to think about that problem anymore.
I don't want to think about that.
I don't want to think about the price of gasoline.
I don't want to think about the situation.
I don't want to think about this anymore.
I don't want to think about this right now.
I don't want to think about this.
I don't want to think about those things.
I don't want to think about what could have happened.
I don't want to think about what could've happened.
I don't want to think that.
I don't want to throw that away.
I don't want to throw this away.
I don't want to toot my own horn, since I'm no showoff, but I'm the best.
I don't want to torment you any longer.
I don't want to touch it.
I don't want to translate anything today.
I don't want to translate that sentence.
I don't want to translate that.
I don't want to translate this sentence.
I don't want to travel again.
I don't want to travel alone.
I don't want to tread on anyone's toes.
I don't want to treat myself with chemo anymore.
I don't want to trigger you.
I don't want to trouble you with this matter.
I don't want to trouble you.
I don't want to try anything else.
I don't want to try anything new.
I don't want to try doing that again.
I don't want to try doing that without some help.
I don't want to try doing that.
I don't want to try it.
I don't want to try something new. I want things to stay the same.
I don't want to try to do that again.
I don't want to turn myself in.
I don't want to turn on the news.
I don't want to upset Tom.
I don't want to upset anyone.
I don't want to upset you.
I don't want to use aging as an excuse to go soft in the middle.
I don't want to use your computer!
I don't want to venture out too much.
I don't want to visit Australia.
I don't want to visit Boston.
I don't want to visit New York.
I don't want to visit Tom.
I don't want to wait any longer than necessary.
I don't want to wait any longer.
I don't want to wait for Tom.
I don't want to wait for you.
I don't want to wait longer.
I don't want to wait so long.
I don't want to wait that long.
I don't want to wait till the last minute.
I don't want to wait until tomorrow.
I don't want to wait.
I don't want to wait. I want it now!
I don't want to wake Tom up.
I don't want to wake Tom.
I don't want to wake her up.
I don't want to wake him up.
I don't want to wake my neighbors.
I don't want to wake the children up.
I don't want to wake the kids up.
I don't want to wake them up.
I don't want to wake up the children.
I don't want to wake up the kids.
I don't want to wake up.
I don't want to walk any more.
I don't want to walk anymore.
I don't want to walk at graduation.
I don't want to walk home alone.
I don't want to walk home by myself.
I don't want to walk home.
I don't want to walk that far. Let's go by bus.
I don't want to walk to school today.
I don't want to walk with you.
I don't want to walk.
I don't want to walk. Let's take a cab.
I don't want to wash the dishes.
I don't want to wash up.
I don't want to waste a moment more.
I don't want to waste any more time trying to do this.
I don't want to waste my money.
I don't want to waste my time here.
I don't want to waste my time on this.
I don't want to waste my time trying to do this again.
I don't want to waste my time.
I don't want to waste the best years of my life for your sake.
I don't want to waste time arguing.
I don't want to waste time on this problem.
I don't want to waste time talking to Tom.
I don't want to waste your time.
I don't want to watch TV this evening.
I don't want to watch TV.
I don't want to watch ads.
I don't want to watch another one.
I don't want to watch any more videos today.
I don't want to watch television this evening.
I don't want to watch television.
I don't want to watch that movie.
I don't want to watch that video.
I don't want to watch that.
I don't want to watch the game.
I don't want to watch this video.
I don't want to watch when they take the dog away.
I don't want to watch you argue with people online.
I don't want to wear Tom's old clothes.
I don't want to wear a wig.
I don't want to wear any jewelry.
I don't want to wear jeans.
I don't want to wear out my welcome.
I don't want to wear the shirt that my mother gave me for my birthday.
I don't want to wear this stupid dress!
I don't want to wear this stupid tie.
I don't want to wed again.
I don't want to wind up like Tom.
I don't want to work anymore.
I don't want to work as a waiter.
I don't want to work at a fast-food place forever.
I don't want to work at a supermarket all my life.
I don't want to work at all!
I don't want to work at night.
I don't want to work for Tom's brother anymore.
I don't want to work for Tom.
I don't want to work for that company again.
I don't want to work for that company anymore.
I don't want to work for you anymore.
I don't want to work for you.
I don't want to work here anymore.
I don't want to work here.
I don't want to work in Australia.
I don't want to work in Boston.
I don't want to work in a company that doesn't care about its employees.
I don't want to work in a company that has no regard for my rights.
I don't want to work in a factory.
I don't want to work in a hospital.
I don't want to work in a similar situation.
I don't want to work late tonight.
I don't want to work on an assembly line.
I don't want to work outside.
I don't want to work overtime, but I don't really have a choice.
I don't want to work overtime.
I don't want to work there anymore.
I don't want to work to live.
I don't want to work today.
I don't want to work tomorrow.
I don't want to work tonight.
I don't want to work under these conditions.
I don't want to work under those conditions.
I don't want to work with Tom or Mary.
I don't want to work with Tom.
I don't want to work with them anymore.
I don't want to work with you.
I don't want to work.
I don't want to worry Tom.
I don't want to worry her.
I don't want to worry him.
I don't want to worry my mother.
I don't want to worry them.
I don't want to worry you.
I don't want to write anything today.
I don't want to write satire. However, satire is often the result.
I don't want to write with this ballpoint pen.
I don't want to write with this pen.
I don't want to!
I don't want to, either.
I don't want to.
I don't want tonight to end yet.
I don't want too personal love affairs. I love all flowers.
I don't want trouble.
I don't want unauthorized pictures of me on people's social media.
I don't want us to be enemies.
I don't want us to fight over a girl.
I don't want us to finish.
I don't want us to get caught.
I don't want us to get lost!
I don't want us to look foolish.
I don't want us to separate.
I don't want visitors.
I don't want war.
I don't want what I'm about to say to be recorded.
I don't want what Sophia is trying to do.
I don't want what happened to me to happen to Tom.
I don't want what you're selling.
I don't want word of this getting around.
I don't want you anymore.
I don't want you anywhere near my daughter.
I don't want you anywhere near the medicine cabinet.
I don't want you at my party.
I don't want you doing that anymore.
I don't want you doing that by yourself.
I don't want you doing that.
I don't want you driving all the way from Boston by yourself.
I don't want you eating between meals.
I don't want you eating donuts every morning.
I don't want you even thinking about it.
I don't want you fighting over me.
I don't want you following me.
I don't want you getting hurt because of me.
I don't want you getting ill.
I don't want you getting upset.
I don't want you going out with Tom.
I don't want you hanging around here.
I don't want you hanging out with Tom.
I don't want you hanging out with those greaseballs after school any more.
I don't want you here with me.
I don't want you here.
I don't want you here. I want Tom here.
I don't want you in my car.
I don't want you in my house.
I don't want you in this room.
I don't want you involved.
I don't want you knocking on my door at two in the morning.
I don't want you looking over my shoulder.
I don't want you offering my girlfriend dating advice.
I don't want you on the trip.
I don't want you putting yourself at risk.
I don't want you reading anything at all.
I don't want you reading anything.
I don't want you seeing Tom anymore.
I don't want you stealing.
I don't want you talking about anything that happens here.
I don't want you telling anyone about anything that happens here.
I don't want you telling me what to do.
I don't want you there next week.
I don't want you there.
I don't want you to apologize.
I don't want you to be a part of my life.
I don't want you to be alone.
I don't want you to be angry.
I don't want you to be disappointed in me.
I don't want you to be disappointed.
I don't want you to be here when I get back.
I don't want you to be here.
I don't want you to be hurt.
I don't want you to be late.
I don't want you to be lonely.
I don't want you to be my friend any longer.
I don't want you to be my wife.
I don't want you to be nervous.
I don't want you to be sad like this.
I don't want you to be unhappy.
I don't want you to be upset.
I don't want you to blame yourself for how things turned out.
I don't want you to blame yourself for the way things happened.
I don't want you to blame yourself for the way things turned out.
I don't want you to blame yourself for what happened.
I don't want you to bother with that now.
I don't want you to buy any more candy.
I don't want you to buy anything else.
I don't want you to buy anything for me.
I don't want you to buy anything from that store.
I don't want you to cause any bad disagreements during dinner time.
I don't want you to change a thing.
I don't want you to change your plans.
I don't want you to change.
I don't want you to come back to Australia.
I don't want you to come back to Boston.
I don't want you to come here.
I don't want you to come.
I don't want you to dance with Tom anymore.
I don't want you to date Tom.
I don't want you to date her.
I don't want you to date him.
I don't want you to date my sister.
I don't want you to date them.
I don't want you to die instantly, I want your agony to be slow and endless.
I don't want you to die.
I don't want you to do another thing.
I don't want you to do anything about this until I get back.
I don't want you to do anything else.
I don't want you to do anything or say anything.
I don't want you to do anything you're going to regret.
I don't want you to do anything.
I don't want you to do it.
I don't want you to do that again.
I don't want you to do that alone.
I don't want you to do that anymore.
I don't want you to do that by yourself.
I don't want you to do that by yourselves.
I don't want you to do that for Tom.
I don't want you to do that for me.
I don't want you to do that job.
I don't want you to do that now.
I don't want you to do that right now.
I don't want you to do that today.
I don't want you to do that unless I'm with you.
I don't want you to do that, Tom.
I don't want you to do that.
I don't want you to do things half-heartedly.
I don't want you to do things halfway.
I don't want you to do this.
I don't want you to do what I did.
I don't want you to drive my car.
I don't want you to end up like Mary.
I don't want you to end up like Tom.
I don't want you to end up like me.
I don't want you to enjoy it.
I don't want you to ever do that again.
I don't want you to fall ill.
I don't want you to fear me.
I don't want you to feel alone.
I don't want you to feel like prisoners.
I don't want you to feel pressured.
I don't want you to feel that I'm pressuring you to do this.
I don't want you to forget about me.
I don't want you to forget me.
I don't want you to get all antsy about your upcoming exams, everything will go alright, you don't even have to get worried at all.
I don't want you to get angry.
I don't want you to get hurt and I don't want you to hurt yourself if you should move the heavy furniture.
I don't want you to get hurt.
I don't want you to get ill.
I don't want you to get into trouble because of me.
I don't want you to get involved.
I don't want you to get sick.
I don't want you to get the wrong idea.
I don't want you to get the wrong impression.
I don't want you to get upset.
I don't want you to get your hopes up.
I don't want you to give me any money.
I don't want you to give up on us.
I don't want you to give up.
I don't want you to go alone; this is final.
I don't want you to go away.
I don't want you to go back to Australia.
I don't want you to go back to Boston.
I don't want you to go back.
I don't want you to go home.
I don't want you to go hungry.
I don't want you to go out of your way or anything.
I don't want you to go there alone, and that's that.
I don't want you to go to Australia.
I don't want you to go to Boston.
I don't want you to go to jail.
I don't want you to go.
I don't want you to grow up too fast.
I don't want you to hang out with Tom.
I don't want you to harass Tom.
I don't want you to harass her.
I don't want you to harass him.
I don't want you to harass them.
I don't want you to hate me.
I don't want you to have anything to do with Tom.
I don't want you to have to do that.
I don't want you to hear it, too.
I don't want you to help Tom anymore.
I don't want you to help Tom.
I don't want you to help me.
I don't want you to hurt Tom.
I don't want you to hurt yourself again.
I don't want you to hurt yourself.
I don't want you to hurt yourselves again.
I don't want you to hurt yourselves.
I don't want you to introduce me to Tom.
I don't want you to keep running away from me.
I don't want you to kill Tom.
I don't want you to know my real name.
I don't want you to laugh at me.
I don't want you to leave me.
I don't want you to leave.
I don't want you to lie to me.
I don't want you to lose.
I don't want you to make the same mistake I did.
I don't want you to make the same mistake I made.
I don't want you to make the same mistake that I did.
I don't want you to misbehave during dinner time.
I don't want you to miss anything.
I don't want you to miss out.
I don't want you to overexert yourself.
I don't want you to panic.
I don't want you to pay for it.
I don't want you to play billiards.
I don't want you to put too much on weight.
I don't want you to quit baseball.
I don't want you to quit because of me.
I don't want you to quit correcting my mistakes.
I don't want you to quit playing the piano.
I don't want you to quit the team.
I don't want you to quit what you're doing.
I don't want you to quit working here.
I don't want you to quit your job.
I don't want you to quit.
I don't want you to read anything at all.
I don't want you to read anything.
I don't want you to reschedule.
I don't want you to ring me up all the time.
I don't want you to say anything else.
I don't want you to say anything that isn't true.
I don't want you to say anything that you don't mean.
I don't want you to say anything.
I don't want you to scare Tom away.
I don't want you to scream.
I don't want you to see Tom anymore.
I don't want you to see me naked.
I don't want you to see me sad.
I don't want you to see me this way.
I don't want you to see my daughter anymore.
I don't want you to see that.
I don't want you to see this.
I don't want you to sing.
I don't want you to sit beside me.
I don't want you to spend money on me.
I don't want you to stay here and watch me suffer.
I don't want you to stay here.
I don't want you to stay.
I don't want you to stop doing that.
I don't want you to stop smoking for my sake. Do it for your health.
I don't want you to suffer.
I don't want you to talk about my kid.
I don't want you to talk this way.
I don't want you to talk to Tom anymore.
I don't want you to talk to Tom.
I don't want you to tell Tom about that.
I don't want you to tell Tom about the party.
I don't want you to tell Tom about what happened here.
I don't want you to tell Tom about what happened.
I don't want you to tell Tom.
I don't want you to tell anybody what I just told you.
I don't want you to tell anybody.
I don't want you to tell anyone what I just told you.
I don't want you to tell anyone.
I don't want you to tell her.
I don't want you to tell him.
I don't want you to tell me what I already know.
I don't want you to tell them.
I don't want you to tell this to anybody.
I don't want you to think I don't mean that.
I don't want you to think I'm a creep or anything.
I don't want you to think I'm crazy.
I don't want you to think I'm dissatisfied.
I don't want you to think I'm mad at you because you dumped my brother.
I don't want you to think I'm not happy about this news.
I don't want you to think I'm not happy with your decision.
I don't want you to think I'm nuts.
I don't want you to think I'm unhappy.
I don't want you to think about it anymore.
I don't want you to think about that anymore.
I don't want you to think that I don't mean that.
I don't want you to think that I'm not happy with your decision.
I don't want you to think we're pushing you away.
I don't want you to touch me.
I don't want you to treat me any differently.
I don't want you to understand.
I don't want you to use my computer.
I don't want you to wait for me.
I don't want you to wait too long for me in the freezing cold outside.
I don't want you to wake him up.
I don't want you to wash my clothes.
I don't want you to win.
I don't want you to work there.
I don't want you to worry about anything, OK?
I don't want you to worry about anything.
I don't want you to worry about me.
I don't want you to worry so much about it.
I don't want you to worry that much about it.
I don't want you to worry.
I don't want you to yell at Tom again.
I don't want you touching my stuff.
I don't want you twisting my words.
I don't want you two talking about me.
I don't want you with me.
I don't want you working here.
I don't want you working there.
I don't want you.
I don't want your advice.
I don't want your apologies.
I don't want your apology.
I don't want your brother to get angry at me.
I don't want your business.
I don't want your charity.
I don't want your excuse.
I don't want your gold or your silver.
I don't want your gold.
I don't want your help.
I don't want your house.
I don't want your houses.
I don't want your ivy on my house.
I don't want your job.
I don't want your legal advice.
I don't want your money.
I don't want your naive advice.
I don't want your old job.
I don't want your opinion.
I don't want your pity.
I don't want your religion.
I don't want your stuff.
I don't want your sympathy.
I don't want your tie.
I don't want your umbrella.
I don't want your wife to be my husband's friend.
I don't wash my books.
I don't wash my car very often.
I don't wash my hair every day.
I don't wash my hair in the morning.
I don't wash my hair.
I don't wash up.
I don't wash your car.
I don't waste ammunition.
I don't waste anything.
I don't waste my time arguing with pigheaded fanatics like you.
I don't waste rounds.
I don't waste their money.
I don't waste time.
I don't watch American football.
I don't watch TV anymore.
I don't watch TV as much as I used to when I was a kid.
I don't watch TV as much as I used to.
I don't watch TV at all.
I don't watch TV in the morning.
I don't watch TV much, but Tom and Mary do.
I don't watch TV much, but Tom does.
I don't watch TV often.
I don't watch TV very much anymore.
I don't watch TV very much.
I don't watch TV very often.
I don't watch TV.
I don't watch a lot of TV.
I don't watch a lot of movies, but I can't resist a good documentary.
I don't watch as much TV as I used to.
I don't watch as much TV as Tom and Mary do.
I don't watch as much TV as Tom does.
I don't watch as much TV as you do.
I don't watch movies on my computer.
I don't watch much TV.
I don't watch much basketball.
I don't watch much television.
I don't watch sitcoms any more.
I don't watch sitcoms anymore.
I don't watch soap operas.
I don't watch sportsball.
I don't watch television.
I don't watch that much television.
I don't watch that program anymore.
I don't watch that programme any more.
I don't watch that show.
I don't watch the TV in the afternoon.
I don't watch the news anymore.
I don't watch the news every day.
I don't watch these sci-fi shows for the sake of a child audience. I watch them because I'm personally interested.
I don't wear T-shirts with writing on them.
I don't wear a gun.
I don't wear a hat every day, but I wear one almost every day.
I don't wear a hat every day.
I don't wear a hat very often.
I don't wear a tie every day.
I don't wear a tie.
I don't wear a watch but I used to wear one when I was younger.
I don't wear a watch.
I don't wear branded clothes.
I don't wear chapstick.
I don't wear glasses any more.
I don't wear glasses anymore.
I don't wear glasses, but I used to.
I don't wear glasses.
I don't wear makeup at all.
I don't wear makeup.
I don't wear pajamas in the summer.
I don't wear pajamas.
I don't wear reading glasses.
I don't wear shoes in my house.
I don't wear shoes.
I don't wear suggestive clothing.
I don't wear suits.
I don't wear the same size shirt as Tom does.
I don't wear those trousers any more because they've got a big rip in them.
I don't weigh as much as Tom does.
I don't weigh as much as Tom.
I don't weigh more than you.
I don't wholly agree with you.
I don't win anymore.
I don't win very often.
I don't wish anyone dead.
I don't wish anyone to ever go through that.
I don't wish for money.
I don't wish harm on anyone.
I don't wish that on anybody.
I don't wish that on anyone.
I don't wish to anger you.
I don't wish to be everything to everyone, but I would like to be something to someone.
I don't wish to be rescued.
I don't wish to bring him along.
I don't wish to buy this shirt.
I don't wish to debate this.
I don't wish to do that.
I don't wish to harm you.
I don't wish to interfere.
I don't wish to intrude.
I don't wish to know.
I don't wish to meet with him again.
I don't wish to see Tom again.
I don't wish to steal the next speaker's thunder, so I'll finish at this point.
I don't wish you a lot of happiness, that would be tedious.
I don't wonder that my uncle got a little jumpy if he lived all alone in such a house as this.
I don't work Saturdays.
I don't work Sundays.
I don't work any more than you do.
I don't work any more than you.
I don't work anymore.
I don't work as hard as I used to.
I don't work as hard as Tom does.
I don't work as hard as Tom.
I don't work as many hours a day as I used to.
I don't work as many hours a day as Tom and Mary do.
I don't work as many hours a day as Tom does.
I don't work as many hours a week as I used to.
I don't work as much as I used to.
I don't work as much as Tom does.
I don't work as much as Tom.
I don't work as much as you do.
I don't work at night.
I don't work during the week, just weekends.
I don't work for Tom anymore.
I don't work for Tom.
I don't work for anybody.
I don't work for anyone.
I don't work for free.
I don't work for her anymore.
I don't work for her but for you.
I don't work for her.
I don't work for him anymore.
I don't work for him.
I don't work for money.
I don't work for my money.
I don't work for them anymore.
I don't work for them.
I don't work for you anymore.
I don't work for you.
I don't work here anymore.
I don't work here now, but I used to.
I don't work here.
I don't work in Australia.
I don't work in Boston.
I don't work in the morning.
I don't work late tomorrow night.
I don't work like that.
I don't work much more than you.
I don't work next week.
I don't work now and I lead a less hectic life.
I don't work on Monday.
I don't work on Mondays.
I don't work on Saturdays.
I don't work on Sunday.
I don't work on Sundays.
I don't work on either Saturday or Sunday.
I don't work on the weekend.
I don't work on weekends unless I have to.
I don't work on weekends.
I don't work overtime anymore.
I don't work that much!
I don't work the night shift.
I don't work the same hours every day.
I don't work there any more.
I don't work there anymore.
