It was logical.
It was long ago when the world was new and nymphs were needed to guard the forests and to minister to the wants of the young trees.
It was long and boring.
It was long before I realized her real love.
It was long before he knew it.
It was long before our eyes met.
It was long overdue.
It was long.
It was lost.
It was lots of fun to being here.
It was lots of fun.
It was lots of money.
It was loud.
It was love at first sight when you met her?
It was love at first sight.
It was lovely.
It was luck that brought us together.
It was lucky I was able to speak to Mary before she left for Boston.
It was lucky I was able to speak to Tom and Mary before they left for Boston.
It was lucky I was able to speak to Tom before he left for Australia.
It was lucky I was able to speak to Tom before he left for Boston.
It was lucky Tom did that.
It was lucky Tom didn't do that.
It was lucky for you that you found it.
It was lucky that I was here.
It was lucky that nobody died.
It was lucky that we got the tickets for the concert.
It was lucky that you caught the train.
It was lucky that you did that when you did.
It was lucky that you did that while you still could.
It was lucky that you left when you did.
It was lucky you found me.
It was lucky you were there to help Tom.
It was lucky you were there to help me.
It was lunchtime.
It was mad of him to try to swim in the icy water.
It was made for Netflix.
It was made for this.
It was made in China.
It was made in England.
It was made of ice.
It was made to look like an accident.
It was magic.
It was magical.
It was magnificent.
It was mandatory.
It was many hours before he came to.
It was marvellous to meet you.
It was marvellous weather.
It was marvelous.
It was me that moved the desk.
It was me that paid the bill.
It was me that started this.
It was me that took out the garbage.
It was me that was supposed to do this.
It was me who asked Tom to go there.
It was me who gave Tom that umbrella.
It was me who got Tom out of that mess.
It was me who killed Kennedy.
It was me who killed Tom.
It was me who made that decision.
It was me who moved the table.
It was me who paid the bill.
It was me who reported him to the police.
It was me who said it.
It was me who said that.
It was me who stole the money.
It was me who told Tom that.
It was me who told Tom to do that.
It was me who told Tom to leave.
It was me who took out the garbage.
It was me who wanted that.
It was me who wanted to do that.
It was me who was envious of Tom.
It was me who was supposed to do this.
It was me who wrote the letter.
It was mean of Mary to pull the kitty's tail.
It was meant as a compliment, so I didn't want to tell him that he had missed the point.
It was meant as a compliment, so I didn’t want to tell him that he had missed the point.
It was meant to be a joke.
It was meant well.
It was merely a matter of luck.
It was merely a matter of time.
It was mesmerising.
It was mesmerizing.
It was midday when we found ourselves at the scene of the tragedy.
It was midmorning when Tom finally woke up.
It was midnight.
It was midsummer.
It was military reconnaissance.
It was mind-blowing.
It was mind-numbing.
It was mind-numbingly boring.
It was mine, and Tom took it from me.
It was mine.
It was mismanagement of the company's affairs by the acting director.
It was mismanagement of the company’s affairs by the acting director.
It was mizzling.
It was months since they had been building the bridge. They had not finished building it yet.
It was more complicated than I'd expected.
It was more difficult than I had imagined.
It was more difficult than I thought it would be.
It was more difficult than I thought it'd be.
It was more difficult than I thought.
It was more difficult than I'd expected.
It was more difficult than I'd thought it'd be.
It was more difficult than I'd thought.
It was more difficult to do that than I thought it would be.
It was more difficult to do that than Tom said it would be.
It was more expensive than I expected it to be.
It was more expensive than I thought it would be, but it tasted really good.
It was more expensive than I thought it would be, but it was really delicious.
It was more expensive than I'd thought, but it tasted amazing.
It was more fun talking about it than doing it.
It was more interesting than I thought it would be.
It was more of a rhetorical question.
It was more than he could have imagined.
It was more than that.
It was morning. There was the smell of coffee and the ground was covered with frost.
It was mortifying. They laughed at me.
It was most appropriate.
It was most impressive.
It was most unpleasant.
It was much easier for Tom to do it than for us.
It was much harder than I thought.
It was much hotter yesterday than today.
It was much larger than I had expected.
It was much larger than I'd expected.
It was much more complicated than we first thought.
It was much more difficult than we initially thought.
It was much smaller than I had expected.
It was much smaller than I'd expected.
It was much worse than we initially thought.
It was much worse.
It was my 54th visit this year to the "Clam Temple," the Roman Catholic church on St. Albans Road, here on Lulu Island, this cloudy 25th of June of 2025. It's "Konkotemplo" in Esperanto for me. It was around 6 in the morning, very quiet, and there were only three of us in the huge clam-shaped nave—the void—ah! I'm a spiritual Syncretist. Later in the day, I went to Tim Hortons café several times. In the afternoon, I took a siesta at home and had a dream: There were young Japanese visitors to my house. On the ground floor, I was taking a picture of them with some Filipinos using what was called a "picture-taker" shaped like a box of chocolates, and the pictures turned out, so that the people's faces looked like chocolate! Later, awakened, I went to Kin's Farm Market to buy a yellow Manila Mango, then to FreshCo to buy a ring of shrimps with red cocktail sauce.
It was my TV set.
It was my book that your child tore to pieces.
It was my brother that made the mistake.
It was my cherished dream.
It was my choice.
It was my debut.
It was my decision and I don't regret it.
It was my decision and I have no regrets.
It was my decision to make.
It was my decision.
It was my destiny.
It was my dream.
It was my duty to do that.
It was my error, not Tom's.
It was my father's wont to read the newspaper before breakfast.
It was my father's.
It was my father’s wont to read the newspaper before breakfast.
It was my fault that they came late.
It was my fault, Mr. Phillips. I teased her.
It was my fault, not Tom's.
It was my fault.
It was my favorite sport in high school.
It was my final performance.
It was my first interview with Tom.
It was my first job.
It was my first kiss.
It was my first night among strangers.
It was my first overseas trip.
It was my first time coming to Shanghai.
It was my first time going to Kabylie, Algeria.
It was my first time leaving Australia.
It was my first time leaving my village.
It was my first time visiting Rajshahi and I had an amazing time!
It was my first time, too.
It was my first trip aboard.
It was my fond dream.
It was my grandfather that told me that story.
It was my grandmother who gave me this ring.
It was my grandmother's birthday yesterday.
It was my honor.
It was my husband's idea.
It was my idea to stand here.
It was my idea.
It was my last chance.
It was my mistake.
It was my mother who wore the pants in the house.
It was my only choice.
It was my opportunity.
It was my own choice.
It was my plan.
It was my pleasure!
It was my pleasure.
It was my proudest moment.
It was my responsibility.
It was my science teacher.
It was my substitute teacher.
It was my suitcase.
It was my turn to clean the room.
It was my turn to jump out of my chair.
It was my turn to play and my king wasn't being attacked, that is, wasn't put in check. But, none of my pieces could make any valid move. Thus, what is called "drowned king" or "draw by drowning" was characterized. The match was a draw.
It was my turn to straighten up the room.
It was my turn to tidy up our room.
It was my turn.
It was my worst start ever.
It was naive of Tom to think Mary would believe a story like that.
It was named after Frankfurt, a German city.
It was named after the first American president.
It was natural and perhaps human that the privileged princes of these new economic dynasties, thirsting for power, reached out for control over government itself. They created a new despotism and wrapped it in the robes of legal sanction. In its service new mercenaries sought to regiment the people, their labor, and their property.
It was natural for him to be familiar with jazz.
It was natural that everyone should like the girl.
It was natural that he should win the contest.
It was naught but a ruse.
It was naughty of Mary to pull the kitten's tail.
It was naughty of Mary to pull the kitten’s tail.
It was near one o'clock.
It was near the river that I lost my way.
It was nearing the end of April, and a hundred birds sang of the winter wonders of arid Africa, and of the witcheries of the Nile, where Pygmies are at war with the butterflies, and the great god Memnon raises his mighty shout to greet the dawn of day.
It was nearly five before we were back in Baker Street once more.
It was nearly impossible to see anything whatsoever.
It was nearly midnight when Yanni hit the road.
It was nearly midnight.
It was nearly noon.
It was nearly one o'clock.
It was nearly pitch black.
It was necessary for me to escape.
It was necessary for the police to intervene.
It was necessary that he say something, but no word came from his lips.
It was necessary that my uncle should be informed.
It was necessary to act alone.
It was necessary to find a guide for the trip.
It was necessary to set the fuse.
It was necessary to study the matter thoroughly.
It was necessary.
It was never a big deal.
It was never a hard and fast rule.
It was never a problem before.
It was never hard for us to find something to talk about.
It was never like that.
It was never my intention to humiliate you.
It was never my intention to hurt him, but circumstances forced me to.
It was never my intention to hurt you.
It was never our intention to deceive you.
It was never our intention to overcharge you.
It was never quite like this before.
It was next to impossible to get a trained pilot.
It was next to the door.
It was next to unthinkable that the boy would steal.
It was nice all week.
It was nice and cool there.
It was nice and cool, but it is getting cold now.
It was nice and warm inside the house.
It was nice chatting with you.
It was nice in Boston.
It was nice just to imagine you from afar.
It was nice knowing you.
It was nice last night.
It was nice learning something new.
It was nice meeting you here today.
It was nice meeting you here.
It was nice meeting you yesterday.
It was nice meeting you.
It was nice of Tom to help.
It was nice of Tom to lend you his umbrella.
It was nice of her to help.
It was nice of him to help.
It was nice of them to help.
It was nice of you to ask.
It was nice of you to buy Tom such a nice gift.
It was nice of you to clean the office.
It was nice of you to come all the way.
It was nice of you to come all this way to see me.
It was nice of you to come.
It was nice of you to do that.
It was nice of you to drive Tom to school.
It was nice of you to go to so much trouble.
It was nice of you to help Tom do what needed to be done.
It was nice of you to help.
It was nice of you to let Tom do that.
It was nice of you to let me stay here last night.
It was nice of you to offer.
It was nice of you to say that.
It was nice of you to show up.
It was nice of you to stop by.
It was nice out.
It was nice seeing you.
It was nice talking to you.
It was nice talking with you.
It was nice to be with him.
It was nice to close the deal.
It was nice to converse with her.
It was nice to do nothing.
It was nice to go back to Boston for the summer.
It was nice to have someone to talk to again.
It was nice to meet you both.
It was nice to meet you today.
It was nice to meet you, Tom.
It was nice to meet you, and I look forward to hearing from you.
It was nice to meet you, now go away.
It was nice to meet you, sir.
It was nice to meet you.
It was nice to see how everything changed over the years.
It was nice to see you again.
It was nice to see you too.
It was nice to see you, too.
It was nice to see you.
It was nice to speak with Tom.
It was nice to speak with her.
It was nice to talk to Tom.
It was nice to talk to her.
It was nice weather yesterday.
It was nice while it lasted.
It was nice.
It was night when he left.
It was night, and a veil of darkness covered the streets.
It was night.
It was night. But a full moon was shining.
It was nighttime and things were quiet.
It was nighttime.
It was no "hunting accident".
It was no accident.
It was no big deal, really.
It was no big deal.
It was no bigger than a football.
It was no bigger than a soccer ball.
It was no coincidence that all the stores closed earlier today.
It was no coincidence that both Tom and Mary were in the cafeteria at the same time.
It was no coincidence.
It was no easy choice.
It was no emergency.
It was no good persuading my sister to give up.
It was no laughing matter.
It was no one's fault.
It was no problem.
It was no secret.
It was no surprise that Tom did that.
It was no trouble at all.
It was no trouble for me to do that for Tom.
It was no trouble.
It was no use trying to sleep.
It was no use trying to take her to the hospital.
It was nobody's fault.
It was noisy.
It was none other than Tom.
It was none other than the king.
It was not God who created man, but man who created God.
It was not I who called you. It was Tom.
It was not Tom who requested that I do this.
It was not Tom's proudest moment.
It was not a coincidence.
It was not a complete victory.
It was not a gazelle at all.
It was not a pleasant experience.
It was not a pleasant night.
It was not all worth of it.
It was not always this way.
It was not an accident.
It was not an easy decision.
It was not as good.
It was not at all funny.
It was not at all what Tom had expected.
It was not by plane, but by ship, that I went to London.
It was not clear for you.
It was not clear if they did or not.
It was not clear that these guys were going to be able to get home alive.
It was not clear what she really meant.
It was not clear what she said.
It was not clear whether they had accomplished it or not.
It was not clear whether they had done or not.
It was not conclusive.
It was not dark yet.
It was not difficult to pretend to be my mother.
It was not done by a German. The A, if you noticed, was printed somewhat after the German fashion. Now a real German invariably prints in the Latin character, so that we may safely say that this was not written by one, but by a clumsy imitator who overdid his part. It was simply a ruse to divert inquiry into a wrong channel.
It was not easy at all.
It was not easy for us to find his house.
It was not easy then for Mary to curb her passion, but she was able to do it.
It was not easy to convince him.
It was not easy to find gold.
It was not easy to find time for that.
It was not easy to get a lot of money in a short time.
It was not easy to put out the fire at once.
It was not easy.
It was not hard to fit in at all. Everyone was very welcoming.
It was not him who worked in the office last night.
It was not his fault, for he did his best.
It was not in Paris that we met.
It was not in his nature to speak ill of others.
It was not in the slightest bit funny.
It was not intentional.
It was not late when he arrived at the place of outlook, only just after dusk, but a black north-east sky, accompanied by a wind from the same quarter, made the occasion dark enough.
It was not like he did not know what was going on.
It was not long before I caught up with him.
It was not long before I got a call from him.
It was not long before John had an idea. John always knew a way out of seemingly hopeless situations.
It was not long before Mr Yamazaki recovered.
It was not long before he arrived.
It was not long before he got well.
It was not long before he knew it.
It was not long before he was appointed professor.
It was not long before one of the maidens came up to him; at first she seemed quite frightened, but only for a moment, and then she fetched several others.
It was not long before she came back.
It was not long before she came.
It was not long before the game began.
It was not long before the news came.
It was not long before the rumor died out.
It was not long before they made their appearance.
It was not long before we heard the news.
It was not long before we knew the truth.
It was not long before we met again by chance.
It was not me who splashed them with water.
It was not meant for others' ears.
It was not meant to mean something.
It was not meant to speak English now.
It was not mentioned in the process of discussion.
It was not much of a meeting.
It was not my decision.
It was not my fault.
It was not my flight and I am fine.
It was not my idea.
It was not my intention to deceive you.
It was not my intention to hurt your feelings.
It was not my intention.
It was not my mistake.
It was not my proudest moment.
It was not one battle, but many.
It was not one of my proudest moments.
It was not only cold but also wet.
It was not only cold, but also wet.
It was not our homework.
It was not permitted that the inhabitants trespass in the area.
It was not possible to escape.
It was not quadrille dancing, nor minuet dancing, nor even country-dance dancing.
It was not really clear for me.
It was not really clear for us.
It was not right what I did.
It was not right what you did.
It was not so difficult to escape their confines.
It was not so easy to make a decision.
It was not so simple to write a letter in English.
It was not stated whether he would be paid monthly, as is the department’s custom, or let it accrue to the end of the year.
It was not supposed to happen.
It was not technically a lie.
It was not that he felt any emotion akin to love for Irene Adler. All emotions, and that one particularly, were abhorrent to his cold, precise, but admirably balanced mind.
It was not that he felt any emotion akin to love for her.
It was not the same situation as now at all.
It was not till daybreak that he went to sleep.
It was not till the next morning that we knew the fact.
It was not till this morning that it stopped raining.
It was not till yesterday that I knew the fact.
It was not time for relaxing at a place like this.
It was not unexpected.
It was not until 1914 that the town got a secondary school.
It was not until Chikako left me that I realized how much I loved her.
It was not until I called that he came.
It was not until I came to Japan that I ate sashimi.
It was not until I entered this university that I got acquainted with her.
It was not until I got home that I missed my watch.
It was not until I got off the bus that I realized I had left my umbrella.
It was not until I had a baby myself that I knew what mother's love is.
It was not until I had a baby myself that I knew what mother’s love is.
It was not until I left school that I realized the importance of study.
It was not until I reached home that I missed my purse.
It was not until I read the book that I knew about it.
It was not until I returned and sought it out that I knew the truth of the misunderstanding; I wanted to put things right appropriately, but Yun hurriedly stopped me, saying â€œI would rather suffer blame from your father than lose the fondness of your mother.â€
It was not until I returned and sought it out that I knew the truth of the misunderstanding; I wanted to put things right appropriately, but Yun hurriedly stopped me, saying “I would rather suffer blame from your father than lose the fondness of your mother.”
It was not until I saw him laughing that I realized what a fool I had been.
It was not until I visited Australia that I realized how small Japan was.
It was not until Kay received the doll that she stopped crying.
It was not until Lucy left me that I realized how much I loved her.
It was not until a few days later that he arrived.
It was not until a few days later that the news arrived.
It was not until a few days later that we heard the sad news.
It was not until after midnight that he regained consciousness.
It was not until few days later that the news arrived.
It was not until five years later that I heard of his marriage.
It was not until he wanted to buy something that he realised he'd forgotten his wallet.
It was not until he was forty that he began to study German.
It was not until he was forty that he started to paint pictures.
It was not until he was thirty that he started to paint.
It was not until last night that I got the news.
It was not until last night that I heard the news.
It was not until last summer that my oldest son learned to swim.
It was not until recently that she changed her mind.
It was not until she finished reading the book that she noticed who had written it.
It was not until the 17th and 18th centuries that the guilds lost their privileges more and more to the state.
It was not until the baby was fed that he stopped crying.
It was not until the child was fed that he stopped crying.
It was not until the end of April that winter began to release the land from its icy grip. The days became warmer; snow and ice turned into streams of meltwater.
It was not until the middle of the 19th century that pedals were introduced to bicycles.
It was not until the next day that they found her.
It was not until the next morning that we saw land.
It was not until the sun had set that the child came home.
It was not until the telephone rang that I woke up.
It was not until then that I realized my mistake.
It was not until then that he learned the truth.
It was not until this year that these documents were made available to the public.
It was not until three days after that I knew she had disappeared.
It was not until worn out by the obstinacy of the anchoret that he consented to put the state and condition of his mistress to a certain trial.
It was not until yesterday that I got the news.
It was not until yesterday that I heard about the accident.
It was not until yesterday that I knew her name.
It was not until yesterday that I knew his name.
It was not until yesterday that I knew it.
It was not until yesterday that I knew the fact.
It was not until yesterday that I knew the news.
It was not until yesterday that I learned the truth.
It was not until yesterday that I noticed it.
It was not until yesterday that he noticed her.
It was not until yesterday that he was free of debt.
It was not until yesterday that we knew about it.
It was not until yesterday that we noticed the animal missing.
It was not very cold yesterday.
It was not very cold, but it was always wet.
It was not very well hidden.
It was not what he said, but the way he said it that made me suspicious.
It was not worth it to tie oneself in knots.
It was not you who ate the cake I made, it was your sister.
It was not, however, until we were all in a first-class carriage and well started upon our journey to Birmingham that I was able to learn what the trouble was which had driven him to Sherlock Holmes.
It was nothing but a coincidence.
It was nothing but a joke.
It was nothing but a stupid rumor.
It was nothing but coincidence.
It was nothing but eyewash.
It was nothing but the shadow of a tall tree.
It was nothing important.
It was nothing less than a miracle.
It was nothing like that.
It was nothing more than an accident.
It was nothing personal.
It was nothing serious.
It was nothing short of wonderful.
It was nothing special.
It was nothing to brag about.
It was nothing!
It was nothing.
It was noticed after more than a month that that promise had not been carried out.
It was now a race against time.
It was now clear to him that he had made a mess of everything.
It was now late in the afternoon.
It was now near midnight.
It was now the middle of autumn—the vintage season was at hand, and everyone was busy in the fields.
It was nowhere to be seen.
It was oblong.
It was obvious Michael was in love with Linda.
It was obvious Tom and Mary had strong feelings for each other.
It was obvious Tom didn't like what he was served.
It was obvious Tom didn't need to do that.
It was obvious Tom didn't want to be there.
It was obvious Tom didn't want to buy it.
It was obvious Tom didn't want to do that.
It was obvious Tom didn't want to get in the water.
It was obvious Tom didn't want to kiss Mary.
It was obvious Tom didn't want to leave.
It was obvious Tom didn't want to sing.
It was obvious Tom didn't want to take out the garbage.
It was obvious Tom didn't want to talk about it.
It was obvious Tom had been drinking.
It was obvious Tom had lied.
It was obvious Tom had told a lie.
It was obvious Tom hadn't been careful enough.
It was obvious Tom wanted to kiss Mary.
It was obvious Tom wanted to kiss me.
It was obvious Tom was lying.
It was obvious Tom was trying to get Mary's attention.
It was obvious Tom was upset.
It was obvious Tom wouldn't buy it.
It was obvious he was lying.
It was obvious it would be this way.
It was obvious that Tom and Mary didn't like each other.
It was obvious that Tom and Mary had strong feelings for each other.
It was obvious that Tom didn't like the food.
It was obvious that Tom didn't like them.
It was obvious that Tom didn't need to do that.
It was obvious that Tom didn't want to be there.
It was obvious that Tom didn't want to do that.
It was obvious that Tom didn't want to get in the water.
It was obvious that Tom didn't want to kiss Mary.
It was obvious that Tom didn't want to leave.
It was obvious that Tom didn't want to sing.
It was obvious that Tom didn't want to take out the garbage.
It was obvious that Tom didn't want to talk about it.
It was obvious that Tom had been drinking.
It was obvious that Tom had lied.
It was obvious that Tom had told a lie.
It was obvious that Tom hadn't been careful enough.
It was obvious that Tom wanted to kiss Mary.
It was obvious that Tom wanted to kiss me.
It was obvious that Tom was lying.
It was obvious that Tom was trying to get Mary's attention.
It was obvious that Tom was upset.
It was obvious that Tom wouldn't help.
It was obvious that Yanni was not involved.
It was obvious that he needed a lot of love.
It was obvious that he wanted to kiss her.
It was obvious that he wanted to kiss me.
It was obvious that he was lying.
It was obvious that he was trying to get her attention.
It was obvious that it would be this way.
It was obvious that she wanted to kiss him.
It was obvious that she wanted to kiss me.
It was obvious that something extraordinary had happened.
It was obvious that the cabin was broken into.
It was obvious that the crime scene was staged.
It was obvious that the driver had not been careful enough.
It was obvious that the muscle-bound bodybuilder had been taking steroids.
It was obvious that the production was heavily improvised then and there.
It was obvious that they had lied.
It was obvious that they had told a lie.
It was obvious that they were more than just friends.
It was obvious that they were scared of Tom.
It was obvious that those two women knew each other well.
It was obvious to all that he meant it.
It was obvious to everybody Tom didn't want to be there.
It was obvious to everybody Tom was tired.
It was obvious to everybody he was tired.
It was obvious to everybody that Tom didn't want to be there.
It was obvious to everybody that Tom was tired.
It was obvious to everybody that he was tired.
It was obvious to everyone Tom didn't want to be there.
It was obvious to everyone Tom was tired.
It was obvious to everyone he was tired.
It was obvious to everyone that Tom didn't want to be there.
It was obvious to everyone that Tom was in love.
It was obvious to everyone that Tom was tired.
It was obvious to everyone that he was tired.
It was obvious to everyone that the marriage would sooner or later end in divorce.
It was obvious who the star in the family was.
It was obviously a joke.
It was obviously a mistake.
It was obviously some kind of mistake.
It was occupied by a worm so it rotted.
It was of great benefit to me.
It was of no avail.
It was of no use.
It was offside.
It was old hat.
It was on a Christmas when it snowed heavily.
It was on a hot summer night.
It was on my mind all the time.
It was on my mind so much that I unthinkingly asked the pupil in front of me.
It was on my to-do list.
It was on sale at that supermarket.
It was on sale.
It was on the fourth night that things really hit the fan.
It was on the list.
It was on the morning of February the ninth that I arrived in London.
It was on the news.
It was on this ominous spot that Lucy Ashton first drew breath after her long and almost deadly swoon.
It was once a beautiful city.
It was once a great mystery where this bird nested.
It was once believed that the celestial bodies sat in quintessence, a fifth element not found on Earth.
It was once believed that the earth was the center of the universe.
It was once believed that tomatoes were poisonous.
It was once safe to play football in a quiet side street.
It was once said that "peace" called for the expansion of arms. Now it is said that "peace" calls for the reduction of arms. I wonder what "peace" would say if she heard that?
It was once thought that there was intelligent life on Mars.
It was once very peaceful there, but now you'll sometimes hear the sound of passing vehicles.
It was one hell of a party.
It was one hell of an adventure.
It was one late September afternoon.
It was one nation until 1993, after which it was divided.
It was one o'clock fifteen minutes ago.
It was one of my favorites.
It was one of my many sleepless nights.
It was one of the best days of my life.
It was one of the best experiences of my life.
It was one of the best movies Tom had ever seen.
It was one of the best movies they had ever seen.
It was one of the best nights I've had.
It was one of the closest near-misses between Earth and an object of this size ever recorded. In fact, scientists say the path of the asteroid brought it within 125,000 kilometers of Earth, less than a third of the distance to the moon.
It was one of the famous cases of his time.
It was one of the great discoveries in science.
It was one of the hardest decisions I've had to make.
It was one of the hottest days of the year.
It was one of the hottest summers of the century.
It was one of the most beautiful sights on the whole trip.
It was one of the most beautiful things Mary had ever seen.
It was one of the most beautiful things Tom had ever seen.
It was one of the most beautiful things that Tom had ever seen.
It was one of the most frightening moments of Yanni's life.
It was one of the most fun things that Tom had ever done.
It was one of the most incredible experiences of my life.
It was one of the most memorable days of my life.
It was one of the most rewarding experiences of my life.
It was one of the most unpleasant afternoons of my life.
It was one of the prettiest things Mary had ever seen.
It was one of the prettiest things Tom had ever seen.
It was one of the quietest boats I've ever been on.
It was one of the smallest margins of victory in over 100 years.
It was one of the worst TV shows of the 1990s.
It was one of the worst experiences of my life.
It was one of the worst mistakes I've ever made.
It was one of those things.
It was one thing to knock the soldiers over with their muskets in their hands, and it was another to stand by while men were being killed in cold blood.
It was online that I sold the clothes.
It was only a bad dream.
It was only a beggar-girl that had crept up to the window and stole a glance at the bright scene within.
It was only a dream.
It was only a few blocks away from his own house.
It was only a few days until Christmas.
It was only a first try.
It was only a hypothesis.
It was only a joke.
It was only a kiss on the cheek.
It was only a kiss.
It was only a little cut.
It was only a marriage of convenience.
It was only a matter of time.
It was only a nasty remark.
It was only a nightmare.
It was only a partial success.
It was only a passing fad.
It was only a rumor.
It was only a suggestion, not an order.
It was only a whim.
It was only after I had phoned him that he came.
It was only after I'd rung him that he came.
It was only after Tom had been lost for over an hour that he got the map out to see where he was.
It was only after a few days that I was finally able to reconstruct the whole story.
It was only after the horse had bolted, that we realised that there was a link between smoking and cancer.
It was only after years that my mother told me the truth.
It was only an accident.
It was only an apparent victory.
It was only an informal party.
It was only at midnight that Ziri went to bed.
It was only at the checkout that Tom's mother noticed several bars of chocolate her offspring had hidden beneath the rest of the shopping in the trolley.
It was only at the marathon's mile 21 that he got his second wind.
It was only at the theater and the concert hall that Paul felt really alive. The moment he smelled the air of these places he felt like a prisoner suddenly set free.
It was only by hard work that he got to where he is today.
It was only later that I remembered.
It was only later that Vladimir found out the real reason why Anna never went to the bottom part of the house.
It was only meant as a harmless prank.
It was only much later that I came to understand the importance of child education.
It was only recently that Ziri figured out that Rima and Skura were one and the same person.
It was only recently that he got well.
It was only recently that she changed her mind.
It was only seconds, but it felt like hours.
It was only supposed to be an interim solution.
It was only that piece that was unpopular at the exhibition.
It was only then that Yanni was able to breathe properly.
It was only too clear that some sudden and terrible disaster had occurred during his absence.
It was only when I heard his voice that I recognised him.
It was only when I met him that I realized his true intention.
It was only when I touched his arm that he roused himself with a violent start and stepped out of the carriage.
It was only when Jane orgasmed during the meeting that we realised she had been wearing an egg vibrator all along.
It was only when she reached the checkout that Tom's mother noticed that her offspring had hidden several bars of chocolate among the rest of the shopping in the trolley.
It was only when the fog lifted that we noticed that we had slept on the edge of an abyss.
It was only when the ticket inspector asked me for my ticket that I realised I didn't have one.
It was only with great difficulty that I managed to stop myself from laughing.
It was only yesterday that I called on him.
It was only yesterday that I heard the news.
It was only yesterday that I realized what she really meant.
It was only yesterday that John told me about his plan to go to Europe.
It was open.
It was ordered that the classroom be put in order.
It was originally a federal prison and now houses maximum security inmates.
It was originally written as a screenplay.
It was our choice.
It was our decision.
It was our destiny to meet.
It was our dog that got lost, not Tom's.
It was our first Yennayer in the apartment.
It was our first child.
It was our first time riding a tandem bicycle.
It was our job to do that.
It was our own fault.
It was our responsibility.
It was our secret.
It was ours.
It was out my hands.
It was out of his reach.
It was out of my price range.
It was out of the ordinary for Chris to behave so roughly.
It was outside.
It was outstanding.
It was over in minutes.
It was over quickly.
It was over too quickly.
It was overcast yesterday.
It was overcast.
It was overwhelming.
It was painful to watch.
It was painful.
It was painfully loud.
It was painfully obvious.
It was painless.
It was pancaked.
It was pandemonium at the stadium after the game.
It was parked crooked, but not blatantly so.
It was part of the deal.
It was particularly bad this week – the train was late for two days in a row.
It was particularly bad this week. The train was late for two days running.
It was particularly hot that summer.
It was partly my fault.
It was past five.
It was past four am.
It was past midnight when Tom got home.
It was past midnight when we arrived.
It was past twelve o'clock.
It was pathetic.
It was peaceful.
It was perfect harvest weather.
It was perfect timing.
It was perfect weather for harvesting.
It was perfect weather for the harvest.
It was perfect!
It was perfect.
It was personal.
It was persuasive.
It was piercing cold, too; all was gloomy and black.
It was piercingly cold outside.
It was pitch black and Gabriel had to navigate his boat by memory.
It was pitch black and quiet.
It was pitch black down there.
It was pitch black in the basement.
It was pitch black in the mosque.
It was pitch black inside the cave.
It was pitch black outside.
It was pitch black.
It was pitch dark at about eight am.
It was pitch dark at the bus stop.
It was pitch-black.
It was pitch-dark in the cave.
It was pitch-dark outside tonight.
It was pitch-dark.
It was pizza.
It was planned.
It was planted on me.
It was played.
It was pleasant for Mike to talk to Yumi.
It was pleasant to breathe the balmy air; you might have fancied that the rivers were asleep so slowly and silently did they flow along, while the breezes sighed and piped as they breathed through the branches of the pines.
It was pleasantly cool, but now it has got cold.
It was pleasantly cool, but now it has turned cold.
It was pointless arguing with my parents.
It was poison gas.
It was polite of him to offer his seat to the old man.
It was politicized.
It was polynomial long division in Maths today. I didn't get any of it.
It was poor timing.
It was popular back then.
It was possible Michael meant real harm to Linda.
It was possible for him to do the work.
It was posted in a Discord server for the Roblox game.
It was pouring down yesterday.
It was pouring hard.
It was pouring rain all morning long.
It was pouring rain.
It was pouring with rain.
It was practical at one time.
It was precisely this little detail that led me to the truth, and without it I never would have known it.
It was predictable that this would happen.
It was predictable.
It was premeditated murder.
It was premeditated.
It was pretty awesome.
It was pretty bad.
It was pretty ballsy of you to stand up to the boss like that.
It was pretty brutal.
It was pretty chaotic.
It was pretty clear what was happening.
It was pretty close.
It was pretty confusing for us.
It was pretty cool.
It was pretty crazy.
It was pretty dangerous.
It was pretty dark in the clearing.
It was pretty dark under the bridge.
It was pretty dark.
It was pretty devastating.
It was pretty difficult to break the ice, although that did not seem to be due to any lack of cordiality and pleasantness on his part.
It was pretty difficult to do that.
It was pretty difficult.
It was pretty discouraging.
It was pretty disgusting.
It was pretty disruptive.
It was pretty easy to do that.
It was pretty easy.
It was pretty elaborate.
It was pretty emotional.
It was pretty exciting.
It was pretty expensive at the time.
It was pretty expensive.
It was pretty extensive.
It was pretty eye-opening.
It was pretty frightening.
It was pretty funny.
It was pretty good.
It was pretty gory.
It was pretty great.
It was pretty gross.
It was pretty hard to do that.
It was pretty hard to do.
It was pretty hard.
It was pretty heartwarming.
It was pretty hilarious.
It was pretty huge.
It was pretty incredible.
It was pretty intense.
It was pretty ironic how the woman was shouting her head off at her bawling baby.
It was pretty late at night.
It was pretty loud.
It was pretty much impossible.
It was pretty much like that.
It was pretty much the only option on the table.
It was pretty neat.
It was pretty obvious Tom did it.
It was pretty obvious Tom was the one who did that.
It was pretty obvious right out of the gate.
It was pretty obvious that Tom and Mary were the ones who did that.
It was pretty obvious that Tom did it.
It was pretty obvious that Tom was the one who did that.
It was pretty obvious that Ziri had a crush on Rima.
It was pretty obvious.
It was pretty risky.
It was pretty rough.
It was pretty scary.
It was pretty serious.
It was pretty shocking.
It was pretty smart.
It was pretty solemn.
It was pretty somber.
It was pretty spectacular.
It was pretty strong.
It was pretty stupid of Tom to do that.
It was pretty unfortunate.
It was pretty wise.
It was pretty.
It was preventable.
It was probably Tom who did that.
It was probably Tom.
It was probably a dream.
It was probably a false alarm.
It was probably a mistake.
It was probably a noisy world, with thousands of other animal sounds, rushing streams and the rustle of giant ferns and coniferous trees.
It was probably at that moment that Vladimir and his father bonded like never before.
It was probably just a fish jumping.
It was probably just a gazelle.
It was probably just a hyena passing through.
It was probably lost in translation.
It was probably my fault.
It was probably not true.
It was probably nothing.
It was probably one of the greatest things I've ever done in my life.
It was probably some sort of arthropod, I'm not sure.
It was probably stolen.
It was probably the most humiliating thing I'd ever done.
It was proper lush, that curry.
It was proposed that the term "blind person" be replaced with the term "visually impaired person".
It was proposed that this matter be considered at the next meeting.
It was proved that he was a thief.
It was proven that fleas living on dogs jump higher than fleas living on cats.
It was prudent of you to ask his advice.
It was prudent of you to save money.
It was prudent of you to save the money.
It was published in 1969.
It was pure accident that I came to know her.
It was pure chance Tom won the game.
It was pure chance Tom won the race.
It was pure chance that Tom won the game.
It was pure chance that Tom won the race.
It was pure chance that he won the game.
It was pure chaos.
It was pure coincidence that Tom was there, too.
It was pure coincidence that he won the game.
It was pure improvisation.
It was pure incompetence on my part.
It was pure luck.
It was purely by accident.
It was put out to tender, and an Italian firm won.
It was puzzling to me.
It was quarter to six in the morning, and daylight was already coming in through the factory's perspex roof lights.
It was quarter to twelve when the alarm broke out. Mr. Cunningham had just got into bed, and Mr. Alec was smoking a pipe in his dressing-gown.
It was quickly getting dark.
It was quiet again.
It was quiet all around.
It was quiet and beautiful there.
It was quiet everywhere.
It was quiet in the forest.
It was quiet in the house.
It was quiet in the park.
It was quiet in there.
It was quiet.
It was quiet. Of course, it didn't stay that way very long.
It was quieter at school than at home.
It was quite a scare.
It was quite a shock.
It was quite a sight.
It was quite a spectacle.
It was quite a struggle for him to get this far.
It was quite amazing.
It was quite an experience.
It was quite an eye-opener.
It was quite an ordeal.
It was quite breezy outside.
It was quite brisk outside.
It was quite cold in Boston.
It was quite cold in Germany.
It was quite cold.
It was quite dark when I got home last night.
It was quite dark when I got home.
It was quite dark when I got there.
It was quite different from what he had thought.
It was quite different from what he'd expected.
It was quite different from what he'd thought.
It was quite different from what she had thought.
It was quite different from what she'd expected.
It was quite different from what she'd thought.
It was quite difficult to do.
It was quite disgusting.
It was quite easy for me to carry the plan out.
It was quite easy for me to do that.
It was quite easy for you to do that, wasn't it?
It was quite expensive, but I really wanted that plushy, so I decided to buy the collector's edition of it.
It was quite fantastic.
It was quite fascinating to see how these men were surviving.
It was quite frightening.
It was quite funny.
It was quite interesting.
It was quite karmically satisfying to watch the mayor's house burn down after he embezzled all that money.
It was quite late when I decided to go home.
It was quite ordinary.
It was quite pleasant.
It was quite possible to buy a house, just as it is in England, provided one gives up the idea of buying a home one likes, and at a reasonable price.
It was quite right of her to do that.
It was quite simple.
It was quite spectacular.
It was quite surprising.
It was quite the spectacle.
It was quite thrilling.
It was quite windy yesterday.
It was quite windy.
It was raining a lot.
It was raining all day Monday.
It was raining all day long without intermission.
It was raining all day. The construction work had to stop.
It was raining and muddy.
It was raining and the game was called off.
It was raining around Boston.
It was raining around Chicago.
It was raining around noon, cold and clammy. There were eight of us family and friends at Crab Hot Lau, a Vietnamese restaurant in Vancouver, BC. I enjoyed the hot tea, having a fruity taste like lychee. The restaurant was crowded this holiday. I really enjoyed the pork wrapped in the leaves of the Piper lolot. My individual order was the Number 8: barbecued pork with vermicelli. I enjoyed also the square crab spring rolls. My mother made mango bars, which she brought to the restaurant for our dessert. Near the restaurant was the Serra Bar Café, a Portuguese establishment. It was the 25th of December of 2024, "Krismas" and the first day of Hanukkah.
It was raining at the time the opening match of the World Cup happened.
It was raining by the time I got home.
It was raining cats and dogs outside.
It was raining cats and dogs.
It was raining gently.
It was raining good and hard.
It was raining hard in Boston.
It was raining hard in New York.
It was raining hard when I got up this morning.
It was raining hard when Tom arrived at Mary's house.
It was raining hard, and what is worse, the wind began to rise.
It was raining hard, but she insisted on going for a drive.
It was raining hard, so we played indoors.
It was raining hard.
It was raining heavily and Matthew's shoes were completely soaked over.
It was raining heavily by the time Tom arrived at Mary's house.
It was raining heavily in Boston.
It was raining heavily in Osaka.
It was raining heavily so we had to stay at home.
It was raining heavily when I got up this morning.
It was raining heavily when I woke up this morning.
It was raining heavily.
It was raining in Boston on Monday.
It was raining in Boston on the day Tom was shot.
It was raining in the forest.
It was raining into the bargain.
It was raining last night.
It was raining non-stop all last week.
It was raining non-stop for the whole of last week.
It was raining off and on all day yesterday.
It was raining on and off all night long.
It was raining on and off all night.
It was raining on and off all through the night.
It was raining outside.
It was raining pretty hard.
It was raining quietly.
It was raining really hard by the time Tom arrived at Mary's house.
It was raining really hard.
It was raining so hard that we decided to stay at home.
It was raining so hard that we decided to stay home.
It was raining so hard that we had to put off our departure.
It was raining softly.
It was raining stair rods.
It was raining that day.
It was raining the day Tom died.
It was raining the day Tom was shot.
It was raining the day that Tom died.
It was raining the day that Tom was shot.
It was raining this morning, but now it's sunny.
It was raining this morning.
It was raining today. What'll it be like tomorrow?
It was raining today. What’ll it be like tomorrow?
It was raining too hard to check.
It was raining very hard.
It was raining when I got on the bus this morning.
It was raining when I took the bus.
It was raining when I woke up, but by afternoon the sky had cleared up and the sun was shining.
It was raining when Tom did that yesterday.
It was raining when they arrived.
It was raining when we arrived.
It was raining when we left, but by the time we arrived, it was sunny.
It was raining when we left; it was sunny when we arrived.
It was raining yesterday afternoon.
It was raining yesterday, so I stayed at home all day.
It was raining yesterday, so I stayed inside all day.
It was raining yesterday.
It was raining, and Joe's long hair was completely wet by the time he got home.
It was raining, and Joe’s long hair was completely wet by the time he got home.
It was raining, but he went out.
It was raining, so I didn't do that.
It was raining, so I stayed home.
It was raining, so they cancelled their trip to the fairground.
It was raining, so we canceled the picnic.
It was raining, so we couldn't play tennis.
It was raining, so we decided to stay inside.
It was raining.
It was raining. Fortunately, the bus stop had a shelter they could take refuge in.
It was raining. Fortunately, the bus stop had a shelter we could take refuge in.
It was raining. However, they still went on their school trip.
It was rainy for three days.
It was rainy that day.
It was rainy today.
It was rainy yesterday.
It was rainy.
It was rather boring.
It was rather cold in the morning.
It was rather difficult for me to make out what he was saying.
It was rather easy for them.
It was rather funny.
It was rather strange.
It was rather uncomfortable.
It was real frustrating.
It was real hard work.
It was real scary.
It was real.
It was really a busy day.
It was really a cool deal.
It was really a lot of fun.
It was really amazing.
It was really annoying.
It was really awesome.
It was really bad.
It was really bone breaking work.
It was really boring.
It was really cheap.
It was really close.
It was really cold and snowy outside.
It was really cold last night.
It was really cold on Monday.
It was really cold on Tuesday.
It was really cold this morning.
It was really cold yesterday morning.
It was really cold.
It was really considerate of you to lend me $500 when I was in difficulties.
It was really considerate of you to lend me 500 dollars when I was in difficulty.
It was really cool.
It was really cute.
It was really dark and cold outside.
It was really dark in there.
It was really dark out.
It was really dark.
It was really delicious.
It was really difficult.
It was really dumb.
It was really easy.
It was really embarrassing.
It was really emotional.
It was really exciting.
It was really fantastic.
It was really frustrating.
It was really fun.
It was really funny.
It was really good stuff.
It was really good to see you again.
It was really good to see you.
It was really good.
It was really great.
It was really hard for Ziri to get back on his feet.
It was really hard for Ziri.
It was really hard to squeeze the splinter out.
It was really hard work.
It was really hard.
It was really horrible.
It was really hot yesterday.
It was really impressive.
It was really incredible.
It was really informative.
It was really inspiring.
It was really intense.
It was really interesting.
It was really just a misunderstanding.
It was really kind of you to help me do that.
It was really kind of you to help me.
It was really loud inside the club.
It was really meaningful.
It was really moving.
It was really muggy yesterday.
It was really muggy.
It was really neat.
It was really nice chatting with you.
It was really nice meeting you.
It was really nice of you to stop by.
It was really nice talking to you, Tom.
It was really nice to meet you.
It was really nice to see you again.
It was really nice.
It was really no problem.
It was really noisy in the room so Tom covered his ears.
It was really obvious.
It was really odd.
It was really overpriced.
It was really painstaking work.
It was really popular back in the day.
It was really pretty.
It was really quiet in the clearing.
It was really quiet.
It was really quite exciting.
It was really quite fast.
It was really rough.
It was really sad.
It was really scary.
It was really serious.
It was really slippery.
It was really smurfy of you to smurf that sentence into English.
It was really so tiny that we could hardly see it.
It was really soft!
It was really special.
It was really surreal.
It was really sweet.
It was really touching.
It was really tough.
It was really trippy.
It was really ugly.
It was really unfortunate.
It was really unusual.
It was really weird.
It was really windy that day.
It was really windy.
It was really worth it.
It was reckless of her to trust him.
It was reconstructed in 2013.
It was redolent of the early days of the Internet.
It was refreshing to sit in the cool breeze.
It was relatively quiet.
It was relatively recently.
It was relaxing.
It was remarkable.
It was repaired.
It was reported in the newspapers.
It was reported stolen.
It was reported that a coach collided with an SUV on the motorway last week.
It was required.
It was revealed that Mary was pregnant.
It was revealed that the government had manipulated statistical data to create the appearance of economic growth.
It was revolutionary to launch such a large telescope 30 years ago, and this astronomy powerhouse is still delivering revolutionary science today.
It was rhetorical.
It was ridiculous.
It was ridiculously easy to do that.
It was ridiculously hot.
It was right around here somewhere.
It was right under your nose!
It was right where Tom said it would be.
It was risky.
It was romantic to walk in the moonlight.
It was romantic.
It was rough today.
It was rough.
It was round.
It was rude of Tom to do that.
It was rumored that Tom and Mary were engaged.
It was rumored that she drank, but it was hard to prove, as she only drank alone.
It was rumoured that she was Christian.
It was rush hour.
It was sad.
It was said in the book: "Snakes swallow their prey without chewing; and then they go to sleep."
It was said that Yanni knew Arabic and Berber.
It was said that a great poet had resided here.
It was said that he had been sick in hospital then.
It was said that he had homosexual relations with two of his servants.
It was said that that lady was an actress.
It was said that the lady had been an actress.
It was said their condition was bad.
It was said to me I was too educated for that job.
It was scandalous affair.
It was scary in my sister's room.
It was scary in the cave.
It was scary.
It was second semester.
It was sectioned.
It was selfish of me.
It was sensational.
It was sensible of you to ask him for advice.
It was sensible of you to do that.
It was sensible of you to follow her advice.
It was serious.
It was seriously very interesting.
It was seven thirty.
It was she who has told me.
It was she who made him do it.
It was she who revealed the secret meaning; her skill and ingenuity had given light to the dark mystery, and consistency to its incoherence.
It was she who stole the photos.
It was she who went to Hokkaido yesterday.
It was sheer coincidence that Mary and I were on the same train.
It was sheer improvisation.
It was sheer torture.
It was sheeting with rain.
It was shining in the sky.
It was shocking.
It was short.
It was shortened with advantage.
It was shorter than he expected.
It was shorter than she expected.
It was shown on the news today.
It was silly of him to refuse her offer.
It was silly of you to make such a mistake.
It was silly of you to trust them.
It was similar in some respects to football as it's played today.
It was similar in some ways to soccer which is played today.
It was similar in some ways to soccer, which is played today.
It was simple.
It was simply a cautionary measure.
It was simply an oversight.
It was simply brilliant.
It was simply caprice that led them to shoplift.
It was simply incredible.
It was simply terrifying.
It was simply unhealthy.
It was sinfully sweet and delicious.
It was sink or swim with me.
It was six o'clock and the sun was about to set.
It was six o'clock.
It was slander.
It was sleeping on a lily pad.
It was sleeting.
It was sliced.
It was slightly off target.
It was slightly raining.
It was slightly windy.
It was slow and painful.
It was slow.
It was small.
It was smaller than I had anticipated.
It was smaller than I had expected.
It was smaller than I had imagined.
It was smaller than I thought.
It was smaller than I'd anticipated.
It was smaller than I'd expected.
It was snowing a lot yesterday.
It was snowing all week.
It was snowing and Matthew walked slowly to keep from sliding.
It was snowing continuously.
It was snowing heavily in Boston.
It was snowing heavily that night.
It was snowing heavily this morning when I got out of bed.
It was snowing intermittently.
It was snowing non-stop.
It was snowing out and we had to take our shoes off to run through the freezing stream.
It was snowing outside.
It was snowing that day.
It was snowing that night.
It was snowing the day I was born.
It was snowing the day that I was born.
It was snowing thick and fast.
It was snowing today.
It was snowing when I reached the station.
It was snowing when I woke up.
It was snowing, but it wasn't very cold outside.
It was snowing.
It was snowy yesterday.
It was so French.
It was so awkward.
It was so beautiful!
It was so beautiful.
It was so boring I fell asleep.
It was so boring and lacking in creativity that everyone left.
It was so boring that I almost yawned.
It was so boring that I fell asleep.
It was so boring.
It was so chaotic.
It was so cold I clung to the blanket all day.
It was so cold Tom could see his breath.
It was so cold last night that I couldn't sleep.
It was so cold last week that I had to wear two coats.
It was so cold my ears hurt.
It was so cold that I couldn't sleep.
It was so cold that I couldn’t sleep.
It was so cold that I stayed at home all day.
It was so cold that he was shivering.
It was so cold that my teeth were chattering.
It was so cold that no one wanted to go outside.
It was so cold that the lake froze over.
It was so cold that the water sprayed on the building to put out the fire froze solid.
It was so cold that we lost the use of our hands.
It was so cold that we made a fire.
It was so cold this morning that I left my coat on.
It was so cold today.
It was so cold yesterday I stayed home.
It was so cold yesterday that I stayed at home.
It was so cold yesterday that I stayed home.
It was so cold yesterday that I stayed in.
It was so cold yesterday that I stayed indoors.
It was so dark I had to feel my way around the room.
It was so dark that I couldn't see anything.
It was so dark that I couldn't see my hand in front of my face.
It was so dark that Stefan couldn't see anything.
It was so dark that Ziri couldn't see his hand in front of his face.
It was so dark that they could hardly see.
It was so dark, I couldn't see two feet in front of me.
It was so dark.
It was so depressing and familiar.
It was so depressing.
It was so different.
It was so difficult to seduce Layla.
It was so difficult.
It was so discouraging.
It was so easy to be happy!
It was so easy to memorize the script.
It was so embarrassing.
It was so exhilarating.
It was so fabulous.
It was so foggy I couldn't see who it was.
It was so foggy I couldn't tell who it was.
It was so frightful, so atrociously hideous a scene, that two big tears again fell upon Pierre's cheeks, whilst Guillaume's blurred, despairing eyes gazed wistfully far away, seeking for the Future.
It was so funny I forgot to laugh.
It was so funny, we couldn't stop laughing.
It was so funny.
It was so good.
It was so great to talk to Tom.
It was so hard seeing myself through someone else's eyes.
It was so hard, I tell you.
It was so hilarious that I snorted with laughter.
It was so horrible, I almost stopped breathing from fear.
It was so horrible.
It was so hot I took my coat off.
It was so hot and humid in the flat that Tom decided to go out on to the balcony and spend the night under the clear starry sky.
It was so hot in Australia yesterday that Tom managed to fry an egg on a shovel.
It was so hot in the stadium that I thought I was going to pass out.
It was so hot that I got into the shade and took a rest.
It was so hot that I slept with the window open.
It was so hot that I thought I was going to pass out.
It was so hot that I took off my coat.
It was so hot that she felt like eating ice cream.
It was so hot that we couldn't walk for long.
It was so hot that we couldn’t walk for long.
It was so hot that we went swimming.
It was so interesting at the mall.
It was so loud in there.
It was so lovely a day that I preferred to walk.
It was so much better before.
It was so much fun to watch William perform in the school play.
It was so much fun.
It was so mystical.
It was so nice a day that we went for a hike in the mountains.
It was so nice of you to cook tonight.
It was so nice talking to her last night on the phone.
It was so nice to meet you.
It was so nice to sit on the grass in the spring sun.
It was so noisy in there.
It was so noisy that I couldn't concentrate.
It was so noisy that I couldn't make myself heard.
It was so noisy that I couldn't think.
It was so noisy that I couldn’t make myself heard.
It was so noisy that we couldn't talk.
It was so noisy there that I couldn't make myself heard.
It was so noisy there that I couldn’t make myself heard.
It was so obvious.
It was so odd that Ziri turned the lights on.
It was so peaceful in the grove of trees.
It was so pitch black outside that Ziri's phone flashlight couldn't do anything.
It was so quick.
It was so quiet you could hear a pin drop.
It was so quiet you could've heard a pin drop.
It was so romantic.
It was so salty I almost got sick.
It was so scary.
It was so simple.
It was so sour an orange that I could not eat it.
It was so still that you would have heard a pin drop.
It was so strange.
It was so stressful.
It was so sweet of you to buy me this.
It was so sweet of you to buy this for me.
It was so sweet.
It was so tense in the meeting, you could have cut the air with a knife.
It was so terrible.
It was so terribly hot inside that that woman wore scarcely any clothes.
It was so terrific.
It was so thrilling and real fun.
It was so touching, I almost cried.
It was so unexpected.
It was so unusual for them that I was quite thrown by it.
It was so very different from his prior life.
It was so yummy.
It was sold
It was sold out.
It was solid red.
It was some time before I cottoned on to what she meant.
It was some time before he realized his mistake.
It was some time before the health of my friend Mr. Sherlock Holmes recovered from the strain caused by his immense exertions in the spring of '87.
It was something I didn't expect.
It was something else.
It was something extraordinary.
It was something he had, somehow, always known...
It was something new.
It was something out of the ordinary.
It was something she did not want to put into words.
It was something unforgettable.
It was something we had to do.
It was something we had to put up with.
It was something which brought a stream of new ideas.
It was somewhat difficult to explain the context.
It was soon winter.
It was sort of a good luck thing.
It was sort of a relief.
It was sort of a weird feeling.
It was sort of fun.
It was spectacular.
It was spooky.
It was spring.
It was springtime... and everything was quiet and peaceful in the country.
It was starting to get dark out.
It was starting to get dark outside.
It was starting to get dark.
It was starting to get darker.
It was starting to rain.
It was stiflingly hot.
It was still a kind of unattainable dream for Tom.
It was still completely pitch black outside.
It was still dark when I got to school this morning.
It was still dark when Tom left home for school.
It was still dark.
It was still daytime.
It was still early in the day when Tom arrived at the campground.
It was still freezing out.
It was still night.
It was still raining.
It was still really hot, even though the sun had already gotten quite low.
It was still there in the back of my head.
It was still there.
It was still very hot, although the sun was already quite low.
It was still warm.
It was still where Tom had put it.
It was stolen.
It was storming out and the TV had no signal.
It was stormy the day before yesterday, and rainy yesterday.
It was stormy the day before yesterday.
It was strange among so many sad and weary faces to see one which was full of energy and resolution. The sight of it was to me like a fire in a snow-storm.
It was strange to see this single candle burning there in the middle of the moor, with no sign of life near it—just the one straight yellow flame and the gleam of the rock on each side of it.
It was strange.
It was stressful.
It was strictly a family affair for Sam Jones.
It was strictly business.
It was striking to the children that the grandfather sometimes picked his nose.
It was stronger than anything I had ever felt.
It was stronger than me.
It was stupid for him to turn down her offer.
It was stupid of Tom to do that.
It was stupid of Tom to quit his job.
It was stupid of Tom to turn down that offer.
It was stupid of him to turn down her offer.
It was stupid of him to turn down his offer.
It was stupid of me to agree to do that.
It was stupid of me to believe Tom.
It was stupid of me to believe it.
It was stupid of me to believe that!
It was stupid of me to believe that.
It was stupid of me to make such a mistake.
It was stupid of me to trust Tom.
It was stupid of me to turn down Tom's offer.
It was stupid of me.
It was stupid of you to believe Tom.
It was stupid of you to believe him.
It was stupid of you to believe in him.
It was stupid of you to believe it.
It was stupid of you to believe what Tom said.
It was stupid of you to do such a thing.
It was stupid of you to do that.
It was stupid of you to do what you did.
It was stupid of you to have turned down the offer.
It was stupid of you to let Tom do that.
It was stupid to do such a thing.
It was stupid to do that.
It was stupid to take that risk in vain.
It was stupid.
It was stupid. We never should have done it.
It was stupid. We never should've done it.
It was sublime scenery.
It was successful.
It was such a beautiful day that we decided to go on a picnic.
It was such a beautiful day.
It was such a beautiful meteor storm that we watched it all night.
It was such a boring speech that I fell asleep.
It was such a bruh moment.
It was such a calming experience!
It was such a cold day that there was nobody on the street.
It was such a cold day that we decided not to go out.
It was such a cold day that we stayed at home all day.
It was such a complicated situation.
It was such a cool experience.
It was such a fine day that many children were playing in the park.
It was such a fine day that we decided to have a picnic.
It was such a fine day that we had a very good time.
It was such a great movie that I watched it five times.
It was such a hard test that we did not have time to finish.
It was such a hot day that we went swimming.
It was such a hot night that I could not sleep till midnight.
It was such a letdown.
It was such a lovely day that everybody was feeling happy and cheerful.
It was such a lovely day.
It was such a nice day that the street was full of people.
It was such a nice day that we decided to have a picnic.
It was such a nice day.
It was such a nice joke that everybody burst out laughing.
It was such a pleasant day that we went for a walk.
It was such a powerful explosion that the roof was blown off.
It was such a relief to see Gabor again.
It was such a relief!
It was such a romantic moment.
It was such a shock to her that she collapsed.
It was such a shock.
It was such a treat for me.
It was such a wonderful movie that I saw it five times.
It was such an empty space and now it's all gone.
It was such an interesting book that I read it in a day.
It was such terrible weather that we decided to stay at home.
It was suggested that it would be a good idea to do that.
It was suggested that the tower be restored.
It was suggested that there'd be an election soon.
It was sultry last night.
It was summer and the weather was warm.
It was summer.
It was sunny a just minute ago.
It was sunny and frosty.
It was sunny and quiet.
It was sunny and warm.
It was sunny as predicted.
It was sunny but blistering cold.
It was sunny on the beach, but there was a haze out at sea, and the horizon couldn't be made out.
It was sunny this morning.
It was sunny when we arrived, but rainy when we left.
It was sunny yesterday.
It was sunny, then cloudy.
It was sunny.
It was sunset in the red Martian desert.
It was super embarrassing.
It was super fun.
It was super snowy that day.
It was superb.
It was superficial.
It was supposed to be a joke.
It was supposed to be a relaxing vacation.
It was supposed to be a small party.
It was supposed to be a surprise.
It was supposed to be a team effort.
It was supposed to be funny.
It was supposed to be kept secret.
It was supposed to be quiet here.
It was supposed to be the happiest day in my life.
It was supposed to stay that way.
It was surprising Tom didn't get hurt.
It was surprising Tom said that.
It was surprising that Tom didn't get hurt.
It was surprising that Tom said that.
It was surprising that she said that.
It was surprising to see how fast the child grew up.
It was surprising to see the stranger beckon me over.
It was surprising.
It was surreal.
It was sweet of you to ask Mary to the dance.
It was sweet of you to do this for us.
It was sweet of you, guys.
It was sweet.
It was sweltering inside.
It was tedious and boring.
It was teeming down.
It was teeming with rain.
It was tempting.
It was ten degrees below zero this morning.
It was ten years ago that he first came to Japan.
It was tender on the outside and gave the promise of food, but its inside was hard and stringy, and, like the berries, it had no food value.
It was terrible in the orphanage.
It was terrible to experience what was happening before my eyes.
It was terrible weather.
It was terrible.
It was terribly cold and nearly dark on the last evening of the year, and the snow was falling fast.
It was terribly cold last night.
It was terribly cold yesterday.
It was terribly painful.
It was terrific.
It was terrifying.
It was terrifying. This is not a country that is used to war.
It was terrorism.
It was thanks to Heydar Aliyev's mission of salvation that the state independence of the Republic of Azerbaijan was preserved, and the years 1993-2003, when the national leader was in power, went down in Azerbaijani history as a period of profound reforms.
It was thanks to his advice that I succeeded.
It was that car over there.
It was that car.
It was that child who helped me.
It was that dog that bit my hand.
It was that kind of day.
It was that same van again.
It was that simple.
It was that sound that brought her eyes open.
It was that, of all men upon earth, this was he whom she most dreaded, and whom she had least thought to see.
It was the Pan Am flight.
It was the Thursday before the summer break.
It was the Varig flight.
It was the angry hare.
It was the bad weather that caused his illness.
It was the beginning of a new life.
It was the beginning of a romance.
It was the beginning of a six-year-long affair.
It was the beginning of the end for them.
It was the best Tom could do.
It was the best chocolate mousse my guests and me had eaten in a long time.
It was the best concert I'd ever seen.
It was the best day of my life.
It was the best experience in all my life.
It was the best feeling I ever had.
It was the best goal of his career.
It was the best lasagna I had ever tasted.
It was the best lasagna Tom had ever tasted.
It was the best lasagna that Tom had ever tasted.
It was the best night of my life.
It was the best of times, it was the worst of times.
It was the best of times. It was the worst of times.
It was the best of times; it was the worst of times.
It was the best part of the whole trip.
It was the best party ever.
It was the best play that I had ever seen.
It was the best tea I had ever drunk.
It was the best tea I had ever had.
It was the best tea I had ever sipped.
It was the best tea Tom had ever drunk.
It was the best tea Tom had ever enjoyed.
It was the best tea Tom had ever had.
It was the best tea Tom had ever sipped.
It was the best thing that ever happened to me.
It was the best time of my life.
It was the best vacation ever.
It was the biggest defeat in government history, according to the BBC.
It was the biggest mistake of my life.
It was the boldest thing that Mary had ever done.
It was the boldest thing that Tom had ever done.
It was the boss who called this morning.
It was the calm before the storm.
It was the cat's fault.
It was the coldest inaugural day in the nation's history.
It was the coldest inaugural day in the nation’s history.
It was the coldest winter for twenty years.
It was the correct thing to do.
It was the court's finding that the witness committed perjury.
It was the court’s finding that the witness committed perjury.
It was the custom in old times that as soon as a Japanese boy reached manhood he should leave his home and roam through the land in search of adventures.
It was the day before Thanksgiving.
It was the disease that made her so.
It was the doctor's call.
It was the dragoon regiment of Count O'Reilly that by a splendid charge saved the remnant of the Austrian army at Austerlitz.
It was the driest June in thirty years.
It was the early morning, and the streets were empty.
It was the end of November, and Holmes and I sat, upon a raw and foggy night, on either side of a blazing fire in our sitting-room in Baker Street.
It was the end of the shift.
It was the end of winter and the start of spring.
It was the end of winter, and the weather was very cold.
It was the fifth one today.
It was the final straw.
It was the first delegation that the new country had ever received.
It was the first gold medal that she had won.
It was the first novel comprised entirely of text messages.
It was the first of the one thousand cranes that Sadako had to make.
It was the first radio station in Boston.
It was the first submersible to implode in the history of humanity.
It was the first thing that struck my eye.
It was the first time I boarded a helicopter.
It was the first time I called in sick to school, and I was left guilt-ridden all day long.
It was the first time I had gone abroad.
It was the first time I mimed the teacher and I made all the students laugh.
It was the first time I visited the museum.
It was the first time I walked along the Mogami River.
It was the first time I'd walked along the Mogami River.
It was the first time I’d walked along the Mogami River.
It was the first time Tom had ever been on a ferry.
It was the first time for Tom to do that, too.
It was the first time in his entire life that he acknowledged God.
It was the first time man walked on the moon.
It was the first time that I visited the museum.
It was the first time that Tom had ever been on a ferry.
It was the first time that someone told something like that to me.
It was the first time that there had ever been any secret between us.
It was the gamekeeper who found the body.
It was the gardener who found the body.
It was the general opinion.
It was the good old days.
It was the great lung-power of Caruso that made him a great singer.
It was the greatest discovery in human history.
It was the greatest earthquake on record.
It was the greatest experience of my life.
It was the greatest joy that I have ever experienced.
It was the happiest day of my life.
It was the happiest time of my life.
It was the height of fashion at the time.
It was the highlight of my day.
It was the hungry bears that the villagers were afraid of.
It was the increase in population that caused the poverty.
It was the largest sporting event ever to be organised by the city.
It was the lark, the herald of the morn, no nightingale.
It was the last battle that ended the war.
It was the last crane she ever made.
It was the last day that I saw Layla.
It was the last day that Sami saw Layla.
It was the last that I was ever destined to see of him in this world.
It was the last thing he was expecting to hear her say.
It was the last time Gunter saw his family.
It was the last we saw of Yanni.
It was the last week of school.
It was the least Daddy dearest could do for me.
It was the least I could do.
It was the least Tom could do.
It was the linesman who signalled the goal, despite the fact he wasn't standing level with the goal line.
It was the longest forty-minute drive of my life.
It was the middle of the summer.
It was the midnight of Friday, 13th; nothing of ill omen was apparent.
It was the month of Ramadan and he was fasting.
It was the month of Ramadan.
It was the moral thing to do.
It was the morning of 9 February when I arrived in London.
It was the morning of Easter. The bells sounded from the neighboring church, and the sun seemed to rejoice in the sky.
It was the morning of the 9th of February when I arrived in London.
It was the morning of the ninth of February when I arrived in London.
It was the morning rush hour, and there were a lot of passing pedestrians and cars.
It was the most beautiful sight that he had ever seen in his life.
It was the most beautiful sound I'd ever heard.
It was the most beautiful sound that I'd ever heard.
It was the most beautiful thing I'd ever seen.
It was the most boring trip of my entire life.
It was the most disgusting thing I've ever tasted.
It was the most frightening experience I have ever had.
It was the most frightening experience I've ever had.
It was the most frightening experience that I've ever had.
It was the most frightening experience that Tom had ever had.
It was the most harrowing experience of my life.
It was the most interesting internship.
It was the most painful thing in my life.
It was the most popular sport in this country.
It was the most terrifying thing in my life.
It was the neighbor, just checking in on Ziri.
It was the night before the day fixed for his coronation, and the young King was sitting alone in his beautiful chamber.
It was the odor of rotting flesh.
It was the only category that fitted it.
It was the only feasible solution for Tom then.
It was the only glimmer of hope.
It was the only mosque in the area.
It was the only mosque in the neighborhood.
It was the only option on the table.
It was the only thing I could do.
It was the only thing I could think of.
It was the only thing missing.
It was the only thing that seemed to interest her.
It was the only thing that seemed to interest him.
It was the only thing to do.
It was the only thing which seemed to interest him.
It was the only thing which seemed to interest them.
It was the only way out.
It was the only way to go.
It was the only way.
It was the perfect day for a picnic.
It was the perfect moment for a kiss.
It was the perfect place for monsters to hide.
It was the poor who died youngest.
It was the pressing pursuit of this knowledge that, in concatenations of omnibuses and usually in very wet weather, led her so often to my door.
It was the proudest moment of my life.
It was the referee's assistant who flagged for a goal, although he wasn't standing level with the goal line.
It was the right call.
It was the right decision.
It was the right thing to do.
It was the same all year round.
It was the same fairy, who took the form and the clothes of a princess, to see how great the evil of that girl.
It was the same.
It was the season when the flavours of autumn were lined up in the storefront.
It was the season when the tastes of autumn were lined up in the storefront.
It was the smallest zip drive he had ever seen.
It was the sob of a woman, the muffled, strangling gasp of one who is torn by an uncontrollable sorrow.
It was the sort of weird car that made me want to blurt out, "what the heck is that?"
It was the sound of the bell which awoke him.
It was the star lot of Sotheby's jewelry auction at its annual spring sales in Hong Kong: a flawless, pear-shaped, 72-carat diamond, as big as a walnut.
It was the start of a beautiful friendship.
It was the start of a long friendship.
It was the start of a romance.
It was the tall man in the long, black coat.
It was the teacher's narrative that bored me to death.
It was the teacher’s narrative that bored me to death.
It was the third hour, and they crucified him.
It was the third year of Meiji when their family name was changed to Saga.
It was the time of year when the flavours of autumn were lined up in the storefront.
It was the time of year when the tastes of autumn were lined up in the storefront.
It was the triumph of civilization over force.
It was the truth.
It was the type of presentation which appeals to the audience.
It was the ugliest baby they had ever seen, and looked, moreover, as if it were dying.
It was the war that changed Japan.
It was the war which has changed Japan.
It was the warmth that I missed the most.
It was the way things were back then.
It was the window that Jack broke yesterday.
It was the window that Tom broke yesterday.
It was the world's first solar-powered desalination plant.
It was the worst day of my life.
It was the worst experience.
It was the worst feeling ever.
It was the worst feeling.
It was the worst moment of my life.
It was the worst night of my life.
It was the worst pain I had ever experienced.
It was the worst pain I'd ever experienced.
It was the worst pain Mary had ever experienced.
It was the worst pain Tom had ever experienced.
It was the worst pain that Tom had ever experienced.
It was the wrong call.
It was the wrong thing to do.
It was the year A.F. 632. "A.F." meant "After Ford" as in the T-Model.
It was their choice.
It was their decision.
It was their fault.
It was their idea.
It was then I became occupied in liquidating members of the opposite sex.
It was then I started to cry.
It was then fashionable.
It was then necessary to decide the best route for the line to follow, determined primarily by the shape of the land it had to cross.
It was then necessary to decide the best route for the line to follow, the shape of the land it had to cross being the main consideration.
It was then that I started to cry.
It was then that Tom came in.
It was then that Tom realized that he'd lost Mary.
It was then that it happened.
It was then that my father's reproof had come home to me.
It was then that my fathers reproof had come home to me.
It was then that my father’s reproof had come home to me.
It was then that she began the Saturday picnics for the school children, taking a wagonload of them out with Old Crummles to some lovely pasture or woodpiece, and frolicking with them all the morning.
It was then that they published their oft-cited white paper on future of cryptocurrency in France.
It was then that we clearly felt the gravity of the situation.
It was then the beginning of spring.
It was then the custom, to prevent any coarse pleasantry which old times perhaps admitted, that the key of the nuptial chamber should be entrusted to the bridesman.
It was there all the time.
It was there earlier.
It was there for the taking.
It was there that I saw the accident.
It was there that the lifeboat was found.
It was there that this destitute child was born.
It was there that this poor child was born.
It was there that this wretched son was born.
It was there when I noticed it.
It was there yesterday.
It was there, but it wasn't there.
It was there, when I noticed it.
It was there.
It was thirty degrees this afternoon in Boston.
It was this book that I borrowed from him.
It was this book that Tom bought yesterday.
It was this boy that broke the windowpane.
It was this fountain pen that I bought in Paris.
It was this hospital that I visited last month.
It was this hospital which I visited last month.
It was this morning that they went to see Mr. Carter.
It was this night that he told me the strange story of his youth with Dan Cody— told it to me because "Jay Gatsby" had broken up like glass against Tom's hard malice and the long secret extravaganza was played out.
It was this racket that Mike bought yesterday.
It was this skirt that Mary bought yesterday.
It was thoroughly enjoyable.
It was thought that seaweed and plants were similar, but today they correspond to two different kingdoms.
It was thought that the Saharan cheetah completely disappeared in Algeria.
It was thought the Earth is a flat disc.
It was three days ago.
It was three days into the new year.
It was three hours ago.
It was three in the morning.
It was three meters long.
It was three nights ago that Tom visited Mary.
It was three weeks before she wrote an answer to Tom.
It was three weeks before she wrote an answer to him.
It was three years ago that I did that.
It was three years ago that Tom met Mary for the first time.
It was three years ago.
It was thrilling.
It was through a first short sentence that Tom got acquainted to Mary.
It was through his influence that she became interested in ecology.
It was thrown together hastily.
It was time I got my money back.
It was time for Donald to be man enough to do the right thing.
It was time for Janos to go home.
It was time for John to leave the camp.
It was time for Rima and Skura to start school.
It was time for Rima to start school.
It was time for Ziri and Rima to start school.
It was time for Ziri to start school.
It was time for a change.
It was time for breakfast.
It was time for her to start school.
It was time for him to start school.
It was time for lunch.
It was time for me to go.
It was time for me to start school.
It was time for payback.
It was time for the Numidians to vent their fury.
It was time for them to start school.
It was time for us to start school.
It was time he did it!
It was time to call a halt on this bandying of words about Mary Everton and her motives.
It was time to find out the truth.
It was time to get to the bottom of it.
It was time to go back home and back to studying.
It was time to go back.
It was time to go to the party.
It was time to go to work.
It was time to go.
It was time to leave Algiers.
It was time to leave.
It was time to make dinner.
It was time to part, but still the couple clung together.
It was time to put the children to bed.
It was time to take action.
It was tipping down.
It was to a great extent his own fault.
It was to be expected.
It was to build a house that he bought a field.
It was to his profit to do so.
It was to no avail.
It was to say that going to the station was too much of a bother after all so I should come to the hotel she's staying at. Good grief, what a selfish woman!
It was to say that going to the station was too much of a bother after all so I should come to the hotel she’s staying at. Good grief, what a selfish woman!
It was to the concert that Alice went yesterday.
It was told me under pledge of secrecy.
It was too bad that we had to take the subway home after the concert, because the underground rattling and roaring destroyed almost all of our musical impressions.
It was too bad you couldn't come.
It was too bad you couldn’t come.
It was too cloudy to see the airplane.
It was too cloudy to see the plane.
It was too cold a day to go out, so we stayed at home all day.
It was too cold and windy.
It was too cold to do that.
It was too cold to go out.
It was too cold to swim.
It was too dangerous for her.
It was too dangerous for him.
It was too dark out.
It was too dark to check my timer.
It was too dark to make out the man's features.
It was too dark to see anything further than a few feet.
It was too dark to see anything in the backyard.
It was too dark to see anything in the garden.
It was too dark to see anything into the water.
It was too dark to see clearly behind us.
It was too dark to see clearly.
It was too dark to see.
It was too difficult for Jane to go to school alone.
It was too difficult for me.
It was too difficult for you, wasn't it?
It was too difficult.
It was too early to call the police.
It was too easy.
It was too expensive.
It was too extreme.
It was too far for us to walk, so we took the bus.
It was too good a deal to pass up.
It was too good to be true.
It was too good!
It was too great a coincidence.
It was too hard.
It was too hot to do that.
It was too intense.
It was too late for Ziri to run.
It was too late for me to say no.
It was too late for the party.
It was too late for us to do anything else.
It was too late for you to say no, wasn't it?
It was too late to help Tom. All the doctor could do was to pronounce him dead.
It was too late to help her.
It was too late.
It was too long.
It was too much even for Tom.
It was too much for Tom.
It was too much for her.
It was too much for him.
It was too much for me.
It was too much for them.
It was too much to bear.
It was too much to expect Tom to know what to do.
It was too much tragedy for one single day.
It was too much.
It was too muggy for me to get to sleep last night.
It was too nice a day to stay inside.
It was too painful to say out loud.
It was too risky, so I decided not to try doing it.
It was too small.
It was too soft.
It was too spicy.
It was too sweet!
It was too unexpected for me.
It was too unwieldy for me.
It was too windy to play in the park.
It was torture for him to see his girlfriend with another man.
It was torture for me to play the piano.
It was total devastation.
It was totally different.
It was totally inappropriate.
It was totally my fault.
It was totally quiet in the street.
It was totally random.
It was totally secret.
It was totally unexpected.
It was totally unnecessary.
It was totally worth it!
It was totally worth it.
It was touch and go whether he would survive.
It was touch-and-go there for a while.
It was tough financially.
It was tough going during the exams.
It was tough to finish the work.
It was tough to guess his age correctly.
It was tough, but worth every drop of sweat.
It was tough.
It was tough. I had to take care of a lot of tasks.
It was tragic.
It was tremendous.
It was tremendously exciting to be in Australia at that time.
It was tremendously exciting to be in Boston at that time.
It was trout for lunch.
It was true that she had got married twice.
It was true that she had gotten married twice.
It was true that she was twice married.
It was true that she'd been married twice.
It was true that the birds were everywhere! little greenish birds flitting among the trees; larger grey-brown birds flying low; fairy-like blue and yellow birds that circled round the car as it ran east towards the far, looming mountains of the Djurdjura; larks that spouted music like a fountain of jewels as they soared into the quivering blue; and great, stately storks, sitting in their nests on tall trees or tops of poles, silhouetted against the sky as they gazed indifferently down at the automobile.
It was true, after all, that money did not bring happiness.
It was true.
It was truly a miracle.
It was truly a sad day for Tom.
It was truly a sight to behold.
It was truly an abomination.
It was truly depressing.
It was truly horrifying.
It was truly inspirational.
It was truly the dream I'd cherished since childhood.
It was turned down.
It was turned into a movie.
It was twenty years ago as I look back on it.
It was two months ago that I arrived in Tokyo.
It was typical of him to arrive late.
It was unappealing and unattractive. But I bought it anyways.
It was unavoidable.
It was unbearably hot.
It was unbelievable.
It was unbelievably quiet there; perhaps that's why he liked the place so much.
It was unbelievably quiet there; perhaps that’s why he liked the place so much.
It was uncertain whether he would marry her.
It was unclear if anyone was hurt.
It was unclear who carried out the attack.
It was unclear who was behind the attack.
It was uncomfortable for me.
It was under these circumstances that the constitutional crisis began.
It was under your bed.
It was understandable.
It was unenviable.
It was unexpected.
It was unforgettable.
It was unfortunate that he lost his passport.
It was unfortunate that it rained yesterday.
It was unfortunate.
It was unfortunately impossible for us to prevail.
It was unhealthy.
It was unheard of for a literary master, of all people, to get in financial trouble and fall in ruins.
It was uninspired.
It was unjust.
It was unlike the imam to do that sort of thing.
It was unlikely anyone would come to William's help.
It was unlocked.
It was unnatural.
It was unnecessary for you to do that.
It was unnerving to be there.
It was unpardonable.
It was unpredictable.
It was unprofessional.
It was unprovoked.
It was unsavory, to say the least.
It was unseasonably hot in Boston the last time I was there.
It was unseasonably hot in Boston the last time that I was there.
It was unsettling.
It was unthinkable.
It was untrue.
It was unusual.
It was unusually cold last night.
It was unusually quiet in that part of the woods.
It was up there.
It was updated in autumn 2013.
It was upon the 4th of March, as I have good reason to remember, that I rose somewhat earlier than usual, and found that Sherlock Holmes had not yet finished his breakfast.
It was upsetting.
It was urgent to save Boldi.
It was urgent.
It was used for raking together heaps of money.
It was used only from time to time.
It was useful.
It was useless.
It was utter fiasco.
It was vague.
It was very amusing.
It was very awkward.
It was very bad.
It was very beautiful.
It was very beneficial.
It was very big.
It was very careless of her to do such a thing.
It was very careless of me.
It was very careless of you!
It was very cheap.
It was very cold and it snowed for three days in a row.
It was very cold during our night in the desert.
It was very cold in Boston.
It was very cold in Kabylie.
It was very cold last month.
It was very cold last night, so we didn't go outside, but stayed indoors.
It was very cold last night, so we didn’t go outside, but stayed indoors.
It was very cold last night.
It was very cold out there.
It was very cold that evening.
It was very cold that night.
It was very cold that winter.
It was very cold there.
It was very cold this morning.
It was very cold today, so I dressed warm and left the house with a scarf on.
It was very cold yesterday evening.
It was very cold yesterday morning.
It was very cold yesterday, so I stayed at home.
It was very cold yesterday.
It was very cold, and then before long, on top of that, it began to rain.
It was very cold, and what was worse, it began to rain.
It was very cold, but I went out.
It was very cold, but we went out.
It was very cold, so the lake froze over.
It was very cold, so the lake froze.
It was very cold, so they stayed at home.
It was very cold, so we stayed at home.
It was very cold.
It was very confusing.
It was very considerate of Mr Yamada to send his secretary a bouquet of flowers on her birthday.
It was very considerate of Mr. Yamada to send his secretary a bouquet of flowers on her birthday.
It was very considerate of you to buy that for Tom.
It was very considerate of you to buy that for me.
It was very considerate of you to do that for Tom.
It was very considerate of you to do that for me.
It was very considerate of you to do that.
It was very cool.
It was very crowded in the elevator.
It was very crowded in the room.
It was very crowded on the bus.
It was very crowded on the train.
It was very cruel to do that.
It was very cute!
It was very dangerous here in Algeria back in the 1990s.
It was very daring of you to say that.
It was very dark and the mosque was fully lit.
It was very dark at night.
It was very dark during the night.
It was very dark in Susan's room.
It was very dark in Susan’s room.
It was very dark in Tom's room.
It was very dark in the basement.
It was very dark in the room.
It was very dark in the woods.
It was very dark inside the mine.
It was very dark inside the room.
It was very dark into the mine.
It was very dark under there, but Jack was at once certain that he was not the only hider from the light.
It was very dark.
It was very delicious.
It was very different for Ziri.
It was very different from what I had imagined.
It was very difficult for her to control her emotions.
It was very difficult for you to concentrate.
It was very difficult to continue what we were doing.
It was very difficult to convince Tom.
It was very difficult to determine what type of parasite that was.
It was very difficult to do that.
It was very difficult to swim against the current.
It was very difficult to tell the twins apart.
It was very difficult to understand the subject of his lecture.
It was very difficult.
It was very disappointing.
It was very distressing.
It was very disturbing.
It was very dramatic.
It was very easy for him to get a fresh start in life.
It was very emotional for all of us.
It was very enjoyable.
It was very enlightening.
It was very exciting! I'd like to go again.
It was very exciting! I’d like to go again.
It was very exciting.
It was very expensive; in fact, I paid 100 dollars.
It was very far-sighted for that company to change its policy to accommodate the decrease in numbers of children and the aging of society.
It was very far.
It was very fast that's why I didn't even see it.
It was very fitting.
It was very foggy.
It was very foolish of you to do that.
It was very foolish to do that.
It was very frustrating.
It was very fun.
It was very funny.
It was very generous of Tom to donate so much money.
It was very generous of you to buy all these things for us.
It was very good of you to do that for us.
It was very good.
It was very hard at first.
It was very hard for John.
It was very hard for her to suppress her emotions.
It was very hard for me to find your apartment.
It was very hard for me to find your flat.
It was very hard to anticipate how Tom would react to this news.
It was very hard to concentrate.
It was very hard to learn Berber.
It was very hard to make friends there.
It was very hard to say that.
It was very hard to swim across the river.
It was very hard.
It was very helpful.
It was very hot but it's normal for Algiers.
It was very hot inside the bus.
It was very hot on the bus.
It was very hot this afternoon.
It was very hot this morning.
It was very hot today.
It was very hot yesterday.
It was very hot.
It was very humid yesterday.
It was very important to her which was the more beautiful of the two.
It was very important to me that Russia would elect a decent president.
It was very important.
It was very impressive.
It was very imprudent, very rash of you to speak about her the way you did last night.
It was very insensitive of Tom to do that.
It was very interesting talking to you.
It was very interesting.
It was very kind of you to do that for us.
It was very kind of you to give me a nice gift.
It was very kind of you to go out of your way to do that for me.
It was very kind of you to help us.
It was very kind of you to invite me.
It was very kind of you to lend Tom some money.
It was very kind of you to lend him some money.
It was very kind of you to lend me an umbrella.
It was very kind of you to make dishes while I was down.
It was very kind of you to visit me when I was ill.
It was very late at night.
It was very likely just a mistake.
It was very lucky for me that I saw him.
It was very lucky that you came today.
It was very mild!
It was very misleading.
It was very misty.
It was very mysterious.
It was very naive of Tom to think Mary would believe a story like that.
It was very naughty of Tom to do that.
It was very neat.
It was very neatly written, and except that "friend" was written "freind" and one of the S's was the wrong way round, the spelling was correct all the way through.
It was very nice meeting you.
It was very nice of Tom to say that.
It was very nice of Tom to wait for us.
It was very nice of him to say that.
It was very nice of you to do that for Tom.
It was very nice of you to do that for me.
It was very nice of you to do that for us.
It was very nice of you to help Tom.
It was very nice of you to help me with my homework.
It was very nice of you to help me.
It was very nice of you to say that.
It was very nice out.
It was very nice seeing you again.
It was very nice to hear that.
It was very nice to meet you and I wish you nothing but the best.
It was very nice to meet you.
It was very nice.
It was very noisy there, and we did not hear each other.
It was very obvious.
It was very odd.
It was very painful.
It was very pleasant to talk with him.
It was very pleasant. However, it would have been more pleasant if I had been able to speak English fluently.
It was very psychedelic.
It was very quick.
It was very quiet here this morning.
It was very quiet in the auditorium.
It was very quiet on the bus.
It was very quiet.
It was very rainy the month before.
It was very rare for me to dislike a teacher.
It was very rewarding experience for Tom.
It was very romantic.
It was very rude of you to say a thing like that.
It was very sad.
It was very scary for Mennad.
It was very scary.
It was very sensible of him to reject the bribe.
It was very shocking for Ziri.
It was very silly of you to do such a thing.
It was very similar.
It was very simple.
It was very slow going.
It was very small.
It was very special.
It was very stormy in the afternoon.
It was very stormy that day.
It was very strange.
It was very stressful.
It was very stuffy in that room with all the windows closed.
It was very stuffy.
It was very sultry that night.
It was very tempting to do that.
It was very tempting to go home.
It was very tense.
It was very thick, but it was junk.
It was very thoughtful of you to send her some flowers.
It was very touching indeed.
It was very tranquil in the mosque.
It was very tranquilizing for Tom.
It was very ugly.
It was very unfair.
It was very unpleasant.
It was very unreal.
It was very unusual.
It was very upsetting.
It was very useful to put the pole on the mop.
It was very warm in there.
It was very warm out.
It was very warm outside.
It was very weird for Ziri.
It was very weird.
It was very windy that day, and I had my umbrella blown inside out.
It was very windy that day, and my umbrella blew inside out.
It was very windy yesterday.
It was very windy.
It was very wise of her to choose the other one.
It was very worrying.
It was very, very stressful.
It was waning towards evening; there was still a faint mist, but it had cleared a little except in the damper tracts of subjacent country and along the river-courses.
It was warm and cozy inside.
It was warm and quiet in the park.
It was warm and the weather was good.
It was warm inside the house.
It was warm outside.
It was warm today, wasn't it?
It was warm today.
It was warm yesterday.
It was warm, so I opened the window.
It was warm.
It was warmer than normal.
It was warmer yesterday.
It was washing day – no end of dirty washing and work. Heaps of clothes had to be dealt with.
It was watery soup spiced with pepper and rancid oil.
It was way too cold to walk home.
It was way too formal.
It was way too much.
It was we who did it.
It was weird at first.
It was weird seeing Dad for the first time.
It was weird.
It was well after midnight when Tom got home.
It was well intended.
It was well intentioned.
It was well known in the neighborhood that Fadil's mother was a prostitute.
It was well meaning.
It was well meant.
It was well worth the cost.
It was well worth the time.
It was well worth the trouble.
It was well worth the wait.
It was well-intentioned.
It was well-meant.
It was wet.
It was what I needed.
It was when I was eight years old that I climbed Mt. Fuji with my father.
It was when I was thirteen that I fell in love with a girl for the first time.
It was when Tom was thirteen that he moved to Boston.
It was when he was a child that he came to Japan.
It was when she was a child that she came to Japan.
It was where I expected some clarity that I found a rainy zone.
It was where Tom said it would be.
It was where you told me it would be.
It was while I was in Hokkaido that I first met the poet.
It was while I was in the carriage, just as we reached the trainer's house, that the immense significance of the curried mutton occurred to me.
It was while she was a graduate student at Cambridge, working under the direction of Antony Hewish, that Jocelyn Bell discovered pulsars.
It was whilst suffering the agonies of solitary confinement in that military prison that I first decided to record my experiences.
It was white.
It was windy the day before yesterday.
It was windy three days ago.
It was windy two days ago.
It was windy yesterday.
It was winter at the time.
It was winter then.
It was winter.
It was wintertime and it was really cold out.
It was wise for you not to follow Tom's advice.
It was wise for you not to follow his advice.
It was wise of Tom not to sell his house then.
It was wise of Tom to take his umbrella with him.
It was wise of her to leave home early.
It was wise of him to take his umbrella.
It was wise of you not to go.
It was wise of you to accept his offer.
It was wise of you to ask him for help.
It was wise of you to keep away from Tom.
It was wise of you to keep away from him.
It was wise of you to stay away from Tom.
It was wise of you to take your umbrella with you.
It was with Olivia that Boldi had his only child.
It was with great reluctance that Tom finally agreed to the proposal.
It was with my friends that I went out.
It was with my girlfriend that I ate dinner in a restaurant last Friday.
It was with pleasure that she found herself with him at home.
It was with some surprise, therefore, that I saw him walk into my consulting-room upon the evening of April 24th.
It was with the head of a woman, the body of a lion, the wings of a bird, and the tail of a snake.
It was wonderful back then.
It was wonderful to find America, but it would have been more wonderful to miss it.
It was wonderful to meet you both.
It was wonderful, wasn't it?
It was wonderful, you know.
It was wonderful.
It was working.
It was worse than I thought it would be.
It was worse today.
It was worse.
It was worth a shot.
It was worth a try.
It was worth all the effort.
It was worth every penny.
It was worth it for you to have bought that car.
It was worth it in the end.
It was worth it.
It was worth the effort.
It was worth the money.
It was worth the risk.
It was worth the time.
It was worth the trouble.
It was worth the wait.
It was worth trying.
It was written in French.
It was written in this morning's newspaper.
It was wrong for us to do that.
It was wrong of me to ask Tom to do that.
It was wrong of me to do that.
It was wrong to take his words at their face value.
It was wrong to try to judge happiness in terms of worldly success.
It was wrong.
It was wrong. I should have told you the truth.
It was wrong; we'd best forget about it.
It was years ago.
It was yesterday evening when it began to rain.
It was yesterday morning that I saw Mr Carter.
It was yesterday morning that I saw Mr. Carter.
It was yesterday morning that I saw Tom on the bus.
It was yesterday morning when Mary saw Mr. Carter.
It was yesterday that Alice went to a concert.
It was yesterday that I broke the window by mistake.
It was yesterday that I did that.
It was yesterday that I met her.
It was yesterday that I saw Tom in the park with Mary.
It was yesterday that I saw him walking down the street.
It was yesterday that I saw him.
It was yesterday that I went.
It was yesterday that Jake broke this window.
It was yesterday that Mary bought this skirt.
It was yesterday that Mike bought this racket.
It was yesterday that Tom broke the window.
It was yesterday that Tom did that.
It was yesterday that Tom started to do that.
It was yesterday that Tom started to go.
It was yesterday that Tom went.
It was yesterday that a young woman came to see me.
It was yesterday that he broke the window.
It was yesterday that he died.
It was yesterday that he went there.
It was yesterday that she went.
It was yesterday that that happened.
It was yesterday when I went.
It was yesterday when he broke the window.
It was yesterday.
It was you all along, wasn't it?
It was you that asked that question.
It was you that made the mistake!
It was you that made the mistake.
It was you that suggested seeing that movie.
It was you that took out the garbage, wasn't it?
It was you that wanted it, so don't complain now.
It was you that was responsible for the accident.
It was you that were wrong.
It was you who I loved.
It was you who advised me against that, Tom.
It was you who did this!
It was you who opened my eyes.
It was you who paid the bill, wasn't it?
It was you who phoned me, wasn't it?
It was you who put me in there and it's you who's going to get me out.
It was you who rang me, wasn't it?
It was you who shattered my dreams.
It was you who started!
It was you who suggested seeing this film.
It was you who suggested this film.
It was you who told Tom, not me.
It was you who told Tom, wasn't it?
It was you who told the teacher I cheated, wasn't it?
It was you who took out the garbage, wasn't it?
It was you, Tom. You cannot deny it.
It was you, wasn't it?
It was your belief in me that made all this possible.
It was your bicycle that I sold to Tom.
It was your child who tore my book to pieces.
It was your children who were causing the problem.
It was your children who were misbehaving.
It was your choice.
It was your duty to report it to Tom.
It was your encouragement that pushed me to take risks.
It was your fault for not preparing beforehand, even though you knew this would happen.
It was your fault.
It was your grandfather's.
It was your idea, wasn't it?
It was your idea.
It was your mistake, not mine.
It was your mistake.
It was your own choice.
It was your own fault.
It was your tireless efforts and devotion that made the event successful.
It was, after all, America’s third mission aimed at landing on the desolate orb, a feat accomplished nine months before during the much-celebrated Apollo 11 mission.
It was, of course, not a good idea.
It was.
It wasn't Berber.
It wasn't Bruno's problem anymore.
It wasn't Donald who stole that money. It was me.
It wasn't Gabor's first time out on a boat.
It wasn't I, commissioner!
It wasn't I.
It wasn't Mary that he went to the museum with.
It wasn't Mary. It was just someone that looked like her.
It wasn't Miroslav phone that was making that noise.
It wasn't Paul's problem anymore.
It wasn't Sami's fault at all.
It wasn't Sunday that she visited me, but Monday.
It wasn't Tobias in the backyard.
It wasn't Tom that Mary was angry with.
It wasn't Tom that cleaned the room.
It wasn't Tom who baked the cake. It was Mary.
It wasn't Tom who betrayed us.
It wasn't Tom who broke the vase. It was Mary.
It wasn't Tom who broke the vase; Mary did it.
It wasn't Tom who cleaned the room.
It wasn't Tom who cooked dinner. It was Mary.
It wasn't Tom who did that.
It wasn't Tom who did that. It was Mary.
It wasn't Tom who did this.
It wasn't Tom who died.
It wasn't Tom who dumped garbage in your front yard.
It wasn't Tom who dumped rubbish in your front garden.
It wasn't Tom who gave Mary that bracelet.
It wasn't Tom who gave Mary that necklace.
It wasn't Tom who helped me. It was Mary.
It wasn't Tom who kissed Mary.
It wasn't Tom who left the water running.
It wasn't Tom who lit the campfire.
It wasn't Tom who paid the bill. It was Mary.
It wasn't Tom who requested I do this.
It wasn't Tom who requested that I do this.
It wasn't Tom who said that. It was Mary.
It wasn't Tom who screamed.
It wasn't Tom who set us up.
It wasn't Tom who set you up.
It wasn't Tom who shot Mary.
It wasn't Tom who spit.
It wasn't Tom who stole that car. It was Vladimir. He is the thief.
It wasn't Tom who talked to me.
It wasn't Tom who told me that.
It wasn't Tom who told me that. It was Mary.
It wasn't Tom who translated it.
It wasn't Tom who was injured. It was Mary.
It wasn't Tom who washed the dishes. It was Mary.
It wasn't Tom who won. It was Mary.
It wasn't Tom's duty. He did it out of good will.
It wasn't Tom's error.
It wasn't Tom's fault.
It wasn't Tom's first time to drive a sports car.
It wasn't Tom's first time to hear Mary sing.
It wasn't Tom's habit to get up early.
It wasn't Tom's idea.
It wasn't Tom's idea. It was mine.
It wasn't Tom's mistake.
It wasn't Tom's or Mary's first sentence.
It wasn't Tom's proudest moment.
It wasn't Tom's voice that I heard.
It wasn't Tom's voice.
It wasn't Tom's. It was someone else's.
It wasn't Tom, but his brother.
It wasn't Tom, was it?
It wasn't Tom.
It wasn't Tom. It was just someone that looked like him.
It wasn't Tom. It was me.
It wasn't Tom. It was somebody else.
It wasn't Tom. It was someone else.
It wasn't Yanni's fault.
It wasn't Ziri who locked Rima up. It was Walid.
It wasn't Ziri.
It wasn't a 100 yen coin, it was a bottle cap.
It wasn't a bad day.
It wasn't a bad idea.
It wasn't a bad result.
It wasn't a bad way to spend a summer.
It wasn't a big deal for me.
It wasn't a big deal that he forgot to send the book to me.
It wasn't a big deal to me.
It wasn't a big deal.
It wasn't a big fire.
It wasn't a big store, right?
It wasn't a big store, was it?
It wasn't a big surprise.
It wasn't a burglary.
It wasn't a calculated decision.
It wasn't a close game.
It wasn't a coincidence that Tom and I were there at the same time.
It wasn't a coincidence that Tom was in Boston.
It wasn't a coincidence that both Tom and Mary were there.
It wasn't a coincidence.
It wasn't a comfortable feeling.
It wasn't a complete surprise.
It wasn't a complete victory.
It wasn't a conscious decision.
It wasn't a crime.
It wasn't a definite yes.
It wasn't a dream.
It wasn't a fair fight.
It wasn't a friendly acknowledgment.
It wasn't a good experience.
It wasn't a happy experience.
It wasn't a hard decision.
It wasn't a job interview.
It wasn't a joke.
It wasn't a long list.
It wasn't a maintenance problem.
It wasn't a matter of if I needed surgery, but when.
It wasn't a mistake after all.
It wasn't a mistake.
It wasn't a natural illness that made Sami suffer in agony. It was poisoning.
It wasn't a particularly bad rash, but it was embarrassing nonetheless.
It wasn't a particularly good movie.
It wasn't a party.
It wasn't a permission.
It wasn't a pleasant experience.
It wasn't a pleasant job.
It wasn't a pleasant night.
It wasn't a pleasant sight.
It wasn't a political debate but a slanging match.
It wasn't a pouring rain, but it was steady.
It wasn't a pretty sight.
It wasn't a prison camp.
It wasn't a problem during summer.
It wasn't a problem.
It wasn't a question of loyalty.
It wasn't a question.
It wasn't a race.
It wasn't a real kiss.
It wasn't a request.
It wasn't a rushed decision.
It wasn't a secret meeting.
It wasn't a secret.
It wasn't a serious accident.
It wasn't a serious request.
It wasn't a smart decision.
It wasn't a stupid idea.
It wasn't a surprise.
It wasn't a threat.
It wasn't a total loss.
It wasn't a total shock.
It wasn't a unanimous decision.
It wasn't a very exciting game.
It wasn't a very interesting novel.
It wasn't about money.
It wasn't about that.
It wasn't about you.
It wasn't all bad.
It wasn't all my fault.
It wasn't all sunshine though.
It wasn't all that bad.
It wasn't all that big.
It wasn't all that cold yesterday.
It wasn't all that entertaining.
It wasn't all that funny.
It wasn't all that great.
It wasn't alone.
It wasn't always easy for Edison to invent new things.
It wasn't always easy.
It wasn't always like that.
It wasn't always like this.
It wasn't always so.
It wasn't always that way.
It wasn't always this way.
It wasn't an aberration.
It wasn't an accident.
It wasn't an act of God.
It wasn't an animal that did this.
It wasn't an easy call.
It wasn't an easy decision.
It wasn't an easy job.
It wasn't an easy race.
It wasn't an easy sell.
It wasn't an isolated problem.
It wasn't any bigger than a football.
It wasn't any bigger than a soccer ball.
It wasn't any fun working with Tom.
It wasn't any trouble.
It wasn't anybody's fault.
It wasn't anyone's fault.
It wasn't anything I did on purpose.
It wasn't anything fancy.
It wasn't anything important.
It wasn't anything serious.
It wasn't anything special.
It wasn't as bad as that, was it?
It wasn't as cheap as I thought it'd be.
It wasn't as cold yesterday.
It wasn't as difficult as I expected it to be.
It wasn't as difficult as I thought it would be.
It wasn't as difficult to do as I thought it was going to be.
It wasn't as difficult to do that as I expected.
It wasn't as difficult to do that as I thought it would be.
It wasn't as easy as I thought it would be.
It wasn't as easy as I thought it'd be.
It wasn't as easy as I thought.
It wasn't as easy as I'd thought.
It wasn't as easy as that.
It wasn't as easy as we'd hoped.
It wasn't as easy to do that as I expected.
It wasn't as easy to do that as I thought it would be.
It wasn't as easy to do that as I thought it'd be.
It wasn't as easy to do that as we'd hoped.
It wasn't as expensive as I expected.
It wasn't as expensive as I thought it would be.
It wasn't as expensive as I thought.
It wasn't as fun as I thought it would be.
It wasn't as good.
It wasn't as hard as I thought it would be.
It wasn't as hard as you might imagine.
It wasn't as hard to do as I thought it was going to be.
It wasn't as hard to do that as I expected.
It wasn't as hard to do that as I thought it would be.
It wasn't as helpful as I thought it would be.
It wasn't as interesting as I thought it would be.
It wasn't as obvious as you think.
It wasn't as simple as we thought it was going to be.
It wasn't as simple to do as we thought it was going to be.
It wasn't as tough to do as I thought it was going to be.
It wasn't at all funny.
It wasn't at all what Tom had expected.
It wasn't bad at all.
It wasn't bad having Robert around.
It wasn't bad.
It wasn't because Tom didn't try.
It wasn't big.
It wasn't cheaper than any of the other stores.
It wasn't clear on Monday whether Tom would do that or not.
It wasn't clear to me whether or not he knocked.
It wasn't clear what I was supposed to do.
It wasn't clear what Tom really meant.
It wasn't clear what Tom really wanted.
It wasn't clear what Tom wanted.
It wasn't clear what she meant.
It wasn't clear whether or not he knocked.
It wasn't clear who carried out the attack.
It wasn't clear who was behind the attack.
It wasn't clever of Tom.
It wasn't cloudy this morning.
It wasn't cold in the gym.
It wasn't cold that night.
It wasn't cold yesterday.
It wasn't cold.
It wasn't confusing at all.
It wasn't cool of me to say those things to you.
It wasn't dark yet.
It wasn't dear.
It wasn't deliberate.
It wasn't designed for that purpose.
It wasn't difficult for me to do that.
It wasn't difficult for you to do that, was it?
It wasn't difficult to convince Tom not to do that.
It wasn't difficult to convince Tom to do that.
It wasn't difficult to do that.
It wasn't difficult to do.
It wasn't difficult to understand.
It wasn't difficult.
It wasn't easy doing that.
It wasn't easy finding Tom's house.
It wasn't easy for Hawking to write this book.
It wasn't easy for Mum to raise us alone.
It wasn't easy for Sami to make that transition.
It wasn't easy for Tom to do that.
It wasn't easy for Tom to tell Mary what she needed to hear.
It wasn't easy for Tom to win.
It wasn't easy for any of us.
It wasn't easy for her to say goodbye.
It wasn't easy for him to keep his promise.
It wasn't easy for me to admit I was wrong.
It wasn't easy for me to admit that I was wrong.
It wasn't easy for me to convince Tom to do that.
It wasn't easy for me to do that.
It wasn't easy for me to keep my promise.
It wasn't easy for me to say goodbye.
It wasn't easy for me to write this letter in French.
It wasn't easy for me.
It wasn't easy for them to decide which movie to watch.
It wasn't easy for them to say goodbye.
It wasn't easy for us to reach Tom.
It wasn't easy for you to do that, was it?
It wasn't easy for you, was it?
It wasn't easy getting here.
It wasn't easy to beat him: he gave me a hard time.
It wasn't easy to convince Tom not to do that.
It wasn't easy to convince Tom to do that.
It wasn't easy to convince Tom to donate money.
It wasn't easy to convince Tom to help us.
It wasn't easy to convince Tom to leave.
It wasn't easy to convince her.
It wasn't easy to do that.
It wasn't easy to do.
It wasn't easy to find Tom's house.
It wasn't easy to find Tom's office.
It wasn't easy to find Tom.
It wasn't easy to find a place to park.
It wasn't easy to find gold.
It wasn't easy to find time for that.
It wasn't easy to get away from there.
It wasn't easy to get here.
It wasn't easy to make that decision.
It wasn't easy to sleep.
It wasn't easy to solve this problem.
It wasn't easy to squeeze through the crowd.
It wasn't easy to tell everybody what I had to tell them.
It wasn't easy work.
It wasn't easy.
It wasn't enough for Tom.
It wasn't enough, however.
It wasn't enough.
It wasn't even Ziri that took those pictures.
It wasn't even a disappointment.
It wasn't even close.
It wasn't even on the agenda.
It wasn't even one of us.
It wasn't even true, though.
It wasn't exactly Mary's proudest moment.
It wasn't exactly Tom's proudest moment.
It wasn't exactly a happy reunion.
It wasn't exactly a piece of cake.
It wasn't exactly a secret.
It wasn't exactly love at first sight.
It wasn't exactly my proudest moment.
It wasn't exactly the way he's telling it.
It wasn't exactly what I wanted, but I bought it anyway.
It wasn't exactly your proudest moment.
It wasn't expensive.
It wasn't fair to Mary at all.
It wasn't fair.
It wasn't far from the truth.
It wasn't far, as the crow flies.
It wasn't found.
It wasn't fun anymore.
It wasn't fun at all.
It wasn't fun doing that.
It wasn't fun to watch.
It wasn't fun.
It wasn't funny at all.
It wasn't funny, but I laughed.
It wasn't funny.
It wasn't good enough.
It wasn't good news for Yanni.
It wasn't good.
It wasn't growing anymore.
It wasn't harassment.
It wasn't hard for me to convince Tom to do that.
It wasn't hard for me to do that.
It wasn't hard for you to do that, was it?
It wasn't hard to convince Tom not to do that.
It wasn't hard to convince Tom to do that.
It wasn't hard to do that.
It wasn't hard to do.
It wasn't hard to pick up the gazelle's trail.
It wasn't hard to understand.
It wasn't hard.
It wasn't helping.
It wasn't her fault.
It wasn't her idea.
It wasn't her.
It wasn't here before.
It wasn't hers.
It wasn't him who wrote the lyrics of that song.
It wasn't him.
It wasn't his fault.
It wasn't his idea.
It wasn't his leg that Tom broke, but his arm.
It wasn't his to give.
It wasn't his.
It wasn't hot in Boston, was it?
It wasn't hot yesterday.
It wasn't immediately clear what had happened.
It wasn't immediately clear why.
It wasn't important to me.
It wasn't important.
It wasn't in Australia that we met. It was in New Zealand.
It wasn't in Boston that we met.
It wasn't in Boston that we met. It was in Chicago.
It wasn't in Paris that we met.
It wasn't in Vietnam that I learnt Vietnamese.
It wasn't in her nature to be suspicious.
It wasn't in our control.
It wasn't in the box you told me it would be in.
It wasn't inspired.
It wasn't intended.
It wasn't intentional.
It wasn't interesting at all.
It wasn't interesting.
It wasn't just Mark's appearance that changed, but also the way he thought.
It wasn't just Tom who saw Mary do what she said she didn't do.
It wasn't just a fling.
It wasn't just a matter of pride.
It wasn't just cold outside, but damp as well.
It wasn't just kids who came to see Tom.
It wasn't just luck.
It wasn't just me who didn't like that movie.
It wasn't just me.
It wasn't just my children who died in the war.
It wasn't just rain, it was a cloudburst.
It wasn't just rain, it was a downpour.
It wasn't just rain. It was a downpour.
It wasn't just that she didn't blame him - she actually praised the guy.
It wasn't just that.
It wasn't just.
It wasn't last weekend that Tom went to Boston with Mary.
It wasn't like Dan to be so late.
It wasn't like that at first.
It wasn't like that.
It wasn't like this before.
It wasn't locked.
It wasn't long after that that Donald decided to leave Algeria.
It wasn't long before Fadil and Dania were making love in the sheets.
It wasn't long before I got a call from Tom.
It wasn't long before I passed out.
It wasn't long before I was able to do that.
It wasn't long before Mr. Yamazaki recovered.
It wasn't long before Tom and Mary were able to communicate in French.
It wasn't long before Tom and Mary were able to swim well.
It wasn't long before Tom fell asleep.
It wasn't long before Tom got tired and went to sleep.
It wasn't long before Tom was able to communicate in French.
It wasn't long before Tom was able to swim well.
It wasn't long before William stumbled on Sandra.
It wasn't long before he came again.
It wasn't long before the word was all over town.
It wasn't long before they became lovers.
It wasn't long before they got engaged.
It wasn't long before we became lovers.
It wasn't long before we chanced to meet again.
It wasn't long before we happened to meet again.
It wasn't long before we were fed up with each other.
It wasn't long until we reached our goal.
It wasn't long.
It wasn't love, it was just lust.
It wasn't luck.
It wasn't made of wood.
It wasn't me that ate the last piece of cake.
It wasn't me that started the fight.
It wasn't me that wrote that message.
It wasn't me who allowed Tom in.
It wasn't me who asked you to come here.
It wasn't me who attacked Tom for no reason.
It wasn't me who called you. It was Tom.
It wasn't me who caused the accident.
It wasn't me who did that.
It wasn't me who did that. It was Tom.
It wasn't me who did this.
It wasn't me who had our photo published in the newspaper.
It wasn't me who helped Tom do that.
It wasn't me who insulted you.
It wasn't me who interrupted you.
It wasn't me who just burped.
It wasn't me who let the dog in.
It wasn't me who let the dog out.
It wasn't me who lied, rather it was you.
It wasn't me who pointed out his mistakes.
It wasn't me who said that.
It wasn't me who shot Tom's dog.
It wasn't me who slammed the door.
It wasn't me who started the fight.
It wasn't me who started.
It wasn't me who told Tom that.
It wasn't me who told you not to do that.
It wasn't me who told you that.
It wasn't me who told you to do that.
It wasn't me who told you you had to do that.
It wasn't me who told you you needed to do that.
It wasn't me who told you you ought to do that.
It wasn't me who told you you should do that.
It wasn't me who told you you shouldn't do that.
It wasn't me who translated this text.
It wasn't me who translated this.
It wasn't me who wanted that.
It wasn't me who was singing.
It wasn't me who wrote that message.
It wasn't me who wrote this sentence.
It wasn't me, Inspector!
It wasn't me, commissioner!
It wasn't me.
It wasn't me. It was Tom.
It wasn't me. It was the cat.
It wasn't me. It's him!
It wasn't me; it was God.
It wasn't me; it was someone else.
It wasn't me; it was the cat.
It wasn't meant as a joke.
It wasn't meant like that.
It wasn't meant to be like this.
It wasn't meant to be.
It wasn't mentioned during the discussion.
It wasn't mine, but now it is mine.
It wasn't mine.
It wasn't much fun doing that.
It wasn't much fun.
It wasn't much of a brawl.
It wasn't much of a bridge.
It wasn't much of a debate.
It wasn't much of a fight.
It wasn't much of a party.
It wasn't much of a plan.
It wasn't much of a storm.
It wasn't much of a view.
It wasn't much of a yard.
It wasn't much of an earthquake.
It wasn't my decision to make.
It wasn't my decision.
It wasn't my fault that the accident occurred.
It wasn't my fault! That traffic sign jumped in front of me.
It wasn't my fault.
It wasn't my first kiss.
It wasn't my idea to hire Tom.
It wasn't my idea to hire her.
It wasn't my idea to hire him.
It wasn't my idea to hire them.
It wasn't my idea to hire you.
It wasn't my idea.
It wasn't my idea. It was Tom's.
It wasn't my intent to betray you.
It wasn't my intention to deceive you.
It wasn't my intention to do that.
It wasn't my intention to humiliate you.
It wasn't my intention to hurt anyone.
It wasn't my intention to hurt you.
It wasn't my intention to keep you waiting.
It wasn't my intention to upset you.
It wasn't my intention.
It wasn't my lucky day. First, I got a parking ticket and then things went from bad to worse when I got pulled over for making a U-turn.
It wasn't my mistake.
It wasn't my place to say anything.
It wasn't my proudest moment.
It wasn't my suggestion.
It wasn't my wife on the phone.
It wasn't necessary for Tom to do that.
It wasn't necessary for Tom to get here until 2:30.
It wasn't necessary for Tom to stay here until 2:30.
It wasn't necessary for him to bring an umbrella.
It wasn't necessary for me to do that.
It wasn't necessary for you to call me.
It wasn't necessary for you to do that.
It wasn't necessary for you to see him to the door.
It wasn't necessary to call Tom.
It wasn't necessary.
It wasn't nice of you to rub salt into his wound with that remark of yours.
It wasn't obvious what the weather was going to do.
It wasn't of benefit for her.
It wasn't on purpose.
It wasn't on sale.
It wasn't on the list.
It wasn't only that.
It wasn't our choice.
It wasn't our fault.
It wasn't our fault. Believe me.
It wasn't our fault... We all had to do it.
It wasn't ours.
It wasn't part of the plan.
It wasn't particularly memorable.
It wasn't perfect.
It wasn't personal.
It wasn't planned.
It wasn't plugged in right.
It wasn't possible for the boy to swim across the river.
It wasn't possible then.
It wasn't possible to drive very fast.
It wasn't possible to go.
It wasn't possible to row out to sea yesterday because of the stormy conditions.
It wasn't possible to study.
It wasn't possible.
It wasn't premeditated.
It wasn't pretty.
It wasn't productive.
It wasn't properly tested.
It wasn't quite clear to me what Tom wanted.
It wasn't quite that simple.
It wasn't raining this morning when I left the house.
It wasn't raining when I left.
It wasn't real for Tom.
It wasn't real love.
It wasn't real.
It wasn't really a date.
It wasn't really a fight.
It wasn't really a plan.
It wasn't really a surprise.
It wasn't really a very good plan.
It wasn't really clear what his position was.
It wasn't really important.
It wasn't really necessary for me to come here by taxi.
It wasn't really so scary.
It wasn't really that bad.
It wasn't really that hard to do that, was it?
It wasn't really that simple.
It wasn't really that surprising.
It wasn't really very difficult.
It wasn't reasonable.
It wasn't referencing that, but if it had been, such references are extremely common in Western culture.
It wasn't relevant.
It wasn't right.
It wasn't safe anywhere.
It wasn't safe for me to make any other choice.
It wasn't sensational.
It wasn't serious.
It wasn't simple to solve this problem.
It wasn't simply by coincidence that Tom and Mary both happened to be there.
It wasn't snowing when I left.
It wasn't so bad, was it?
It wasn't so bad.
It wasn't so beautiful.
It wasn't so cold yesterday.
It wasn't so difficult to do that.
It wasn't so difficult.
It wasn't so easy to make a decision.
It wasn't so hard to do that.
It wasn't so hot this afternoon.
It wasn't so much fun.
It wasn't so simple.
It wasn't something I'd planned to do.
It wasn't something Sami was prepared for.
It wasn't something anybody expected.
It wasn't something that I could do.
It wasn't successful.
It wasn't such a big deal.
It wasn't such a bright idea.
It wasn't sufficient.
It wasn't supposed to be done like this.
It wasn't supposed to be like this.
It wasn't supposed to be this hot this summer.
It wasn't supposed to be this way.
It wasn't supposed to happen like this.
It wasn't supposed to happen yet.
It wasn't supposed to happen.
It wasn't supposed to rain yesterday, but it did.
It wasn't supposed to speak English now.
It wasn't surprising at all.
It wasn't technically a lie.
It wasn't that Tom didn't want to go to school, he couldn't go to school because he wasn't feeling well.
It wasn't that bad for Tom.
It wasn't that bad, to be honest.
It wasn't that bad, was it?
It wasn't that bad.
It wasn't that big a deal.
It wasn't that big.
It wasn't that close.
It wasn't that cold.
It wasn't that different.
It wasn't that difficult to find a pair of shoes that fit.
It wasn't that difficult, was it?
It wasn't that difficult.
It wasn't that easy to make a decision.
It wasn't that expensive.
It wasn't that funny.
It wasn't that good.
It wasn't that great.
It wasn't that hard to convince Tom to help.
It wasn't that hard to find a pair of shoes that fit.
It wasn't that hard, was it?
It wasn't that hard.
It wasn't that heavy.
It wasn't that long ago that you were just a teenager.
It wasn't that loud.
It wasn't that much fun doing that.
It wasn't that scary.
It wasn't that serious.
It wasn't that soft, was it?
It wasn't that.
It wasn't the CIA behind it. Tom livestreamed himself doing it.
It wasn't the best concert I'd ever seen, but it was good.
It wasn't the best idea.
It wasn't the best, but it wasn't the worst, either.
It wasn't the biggest fish I'd ever seen, but it was really big.
It wasn't the dog's fault.
It wasn't the first time Tom had been late.
It wasn't the first time Ziri had done that.
It wasn't the first time and it won't be the last.
It wasn't the first time that Tom had been late.
It wasn't the first time that they had done it.
It wasn't the first time they had done it.
It wasn't the first time.
It wasn't the fog I minded, Cathleen. I really love fog. It hides you from the world and the world from you. You feel that everything has changed, and nothing is what it seemed to be. No one can find or touch you any more. It's the foghorn I hate. It won't let you alone. It keeps reminding you, and warning you, and calling you back.
It wasn't the mark that he was expecting.
It wasn't the most obvious choice.
It wasn't the right moment.
It wasn't the sort of thing I'd detest.
It wasn't their idea.
It wasn't there before.
It wasn't there the last time.
It wasn't there.
It wasn't this cold yesterday.
It wasn't till the next morning that we learned that Tom had been killed.
It wasn't too cold when I took that picture.
It wasn't too hot.
It wasn't too realistic. It felt like everything was from a movie.
It wasn't too soon.
It wasn't true, but at first it sounded credible.
It wasn't true.
It wasn't until I got home that I missed my umbrella.
It wasn't until I heard him speak that I recognized him.
It wasn't until I left school that I realized the importance of study.
It wasn't until I read the book that I knew about it.
It wasn't until Mary left me that I realized how much I loved her.
It wasn't until Tom left me that I realized how much I loved him.
It wasn't until Tom was 30 years old that he found out that he was adopted.
It wasn't until a few days later that he arrived.
It wasn't until after visiting Australia that I realized Japan was so small.
It wasn't until after we had broken up that I noticed what I had actually lost.
It wasn't until around midday that he showed his face.
It wasn't until daybreak that I was able to get to sleep.
It wasn't until evening that the cannons fell silent.
It wasn't until he came to me for a detailed discussion that I believed him.
It wasn't until last night that I knew the truth.
It wasn't until long after they got married that Tom found out that Mary was wanted for murder.
It wasn't until the following day that we learned that Tom had been killed.
It wasn't until the next day that the rain stopped.
It wasn't until the next morning that we learned that Tom had been killed.
It wasn't until the next morning that we saw land.
It wasn't until then that I felt really frightened.
It wasn't until then that we knew her address.
It wasn't until this morning that Tom told me that.
It wasn't until this year that these documents were made available to the public.
It wasn't until yesterday that I found out the truth.
It wasn't until yesterday that I heard the news.
It wasn't updated.
It wasn't upstairs.
It wasn't us who did that!
It wasn't us who did that.
It wasn't us who you saw in that car.
It wasn't us.
It wasn't very clever of you to throw away that note.
It wasn't very cold last night.
It wasn't very cold yesterday.
It wasn't very discreet of you to forget the appointment.
It wasn't very easy to do that.
It wasn't very fun.
It wasn't very good.
It wasn't very hot last night.
It wasn't very long ago that Europeans were burning heretics at the stake.
It wasn't very polite of Tom to make us wait.
It wasn't very serious, but it was really uncomfortable.
It wasn't very smart of you to throw that note away.
It wasn't very smart to buy so many tuna cans, since I have no can-opener.
It wasn't very warm last night.
It wasn't water flowing through the pipes, but human blood.
It wasn't what I ordered, but I ate it anyway.
It wasn't what I wanted to do.
It wasn't what I wanted.
It wasn't what Tom said, but the way he said it that made me mad.
It wasn't what it looked like.
It wasn't what she had imagined at all.
It wasn't what we wanted.
It wasn't where Tom said it would be.
It wasn't windy.
It wasn't working for Ziri.
It wasn't working for me.
It wasn't working.
It wasn't worth as much as they were charging for it.
It wasn't worth it.
It wasn't worth mentioning.
It wasn't worth the effort.
It wasn't worth the risk.
It wasn't worth the time.
It wasn't worth the trouble.
It wasn't worth the wait.
It wasn't wrong.
It wasn't yesterday that Tom did that.
It wasn't yet eight in the morning when someone knocked on my door and called my name.
It wasn't you who started the fight, was it?
It wasn't you who told me about this.
It wasn't you, was it?
It wasn't you.
It wasn't your brother.
It wasn't your choice to make.
It wasn't your choice, Tom.
It wasn't your fault that Vladimir ended his life.
It wasn't your fault what happened to Tom.
It wasn't your fault, so don't blame yourself.
It wasn't your fault, you know.
It wasn't your fault.
It wasn’t I, commissioner!
It wasn’t Mary that he went to the museum with.
It wasn’t Tom’s first time to drive a sports car.
It wasn’t Tom’s first time to hear Mary sing.
It wasn’t Tom’s or Mary’s first sentence.
It wasn’t a 100 yen coin, it was a bottle cap.
It wasn’t a very interesting novel.
It wasn’t always easy for Edison to invent new things.
It wasn’t as bad as the first time.
It wasn’t as expensive as I expected.
It wasn’t clear what she meant.
It wasn’t easy for Tom to tell Mary what she needed to hear.
It wasn’t easy for him to keep his promise.
It wasn’t enough for Skura that she be Yanni’s second wife. She wanted to obliterate Yanni’s deceased wife’s memory.
It wasn’t expensive.
It wasn’t found.
It wasn’t in Paris that we met.
It wasn’t just Morrissey who sat down to talk about the band he fronted, The Smiths. His co-writer and guitarist Johnny Marr took part, too — along with drummer Andy Rourke. But, it seems the lead singer had a different memory of things.
It wasn’t long before he came again.
It wasn’t me that ate the last piece of cake.
It wasn’t me who slammed the door.
It wasn’t me, commissioner!
It wasn’t much of a bridge.
It wasn’t much of a debate.
It wasn’t much of a party.
It wasn’t much of a plan.
It wasn’t much of a storm.
It wasn’t much of a view.
It wasn’t much of a yard.
It wasn’t much of an earthquake.
It wasn’t my fault.
It wasn’t my lucky day. First, I got a parking ticket and then things went from bad to worse when I got pulled over for making a U-turn.
It wasn’t necessary for you to see him to the door.
It wasn’t real love.
It wasn’t until I got home that I missed my umbrella.
It wasn’t until I heard him speak that I recognized him.
It wasn’t until I left school that I realized the importance of study.
It wasn’t until long after they got married that Tom found out that Mary was wanted for murder.
It wasn’t until morning that a rescue boat arrived.
It wasn’t until then that I felt really frightened.
It wasn’t until then that we knew her address.
It wasn’t until yesterday that I heard the news.
It wasn’t very clever of you to throw away that note.
It wasn’t very discreet of you to forget the appointment.
It wasn’t very hot last night.
It weighed about 14 kilograms.
It weighed perhaps 300 kilograms.
It weighed three tons.
It weighs a ton.
It weighs eighty kilograms.
It weighs seven kilos all told.
It weighs six kilograms and is shaped like a cube.
It weighs two hundred seventy pounds.
It went OK.
It went about as well as I could've hoped for.
It went as well as it possibly could've.
It went as well as we could've expected.
It went as well as we could've wished.
It went bad.
It went badly.
It went beautifully.
It went differently than I expected.
It went down the wrong pipe.
It went downhill.
It went exactly as expected.
It went extremely well.
It went faster than we thought.
It went fine.
It went great.
It went horribly bad.
It went just as we expected.
It went like wildfire through the town.
It went off smoothly.
It went off with its tail between its legs.
It went on for days.
It went on for months.
It went on for some time.
It went on for weeks.
It went out.
It went perfectly.
It went pretty well for us.
It went really well.
It went terribly wrong.
It went very smoothly.
It went very well.
It went viral.
It went well, and I wasn't surprised.
It went well.
It went without a hitch.
It will aggravate the wound.
It will all be over in a few days.
It will all be over soon.
It will all end in tears.
It will all end.
It will also be noted that there is no section concerned with problems of syntax.
It will also help to strengthen the city's economy.
It will also help to strengthen the city’s economy.
It will always be like this!
It will always be that way.
It will arrive more quickly by air than by sea.
It will backfire on you.
It will be 5:30 presently.
It will be Karlova street.
It will be Ziri's last night there.
It will be a day.
It will be a difficult day for me.
It will be a fool's errand.
It will be a good lesson to him.
It will be a great pleasure for me to translate the story and to read it to you.
It will be a hot day.
It will be a little uncomfortable.
It will be a long night.
It will be a long time before I can buy a house.
It will be a long time before he has fully recovered.
It will be a long time before this patient gets well again.
It will be a masterpiece!
It will be a nine-day's wonder.
It will be a nine-day’s wonder.
It will be a pleasure for us to destroy one of our favorite places in the whole world again tonight.
It will be a push-button war of nuclear missiles.
It will be a surprise!
It will be a wonderful day!
It will be a wonderful town.
It will be a written maths exam.
It will be able to edit the pictures you don't like, then print them out.
It will be all better if you can come now.
It will be all the same a hundred years hence.
It will be also interesting.
It will be best if I start the story at the very beginning.
It will be best if you stay at home to rest today.
It will be best to ask Tom.
It will be better for me to tell him myself.
It will be better for us to hurry if we want to catch the bus at six.
It will be better if I tell him myself.
It will be beyond our control.
It will be cheap and clean.
It will be cloudy tomorrow.
It will be cloudy.
It will be cold and the sky will be overcast.
It will be cold at night.
It will be cold at night. At least wear a long-sleeved shirt.
It will be cold.
It will be dark all at once.
It will be dark by the time he gets there.
It will be dark by the time the police come here.
It will be dark by the time we come back.
It will be dark soon.
It will be delivered next week. The camel is still on its way.
It will be difficult for Rima to conceive.
It will be difficult for him to get up so early.
It will be difficult for him to speak in public.
It will be difficult to resist the temptation.
It will be difficult to sweep the room with the fan on!
It will be difficult, but not impossible.
It will be done a week from today, that is, on May 3.
It will be done just as you wish.
It will be done, master.
It will be done.
It will be dreadfully hot.
It will be easier if I just do it myself.
It will be easier later.
It will be easier this year.
It will be easy to find a tenant for this house.
It will be easy.
It will be either Tom or you.
It will be entertaining, if nothing else.
It will be fall soon.
It will be far better if there were some pretty girls.
It will be faster to cross over here.
It will be fine this afternoon.
It will be fine tomorrow, too.
It will be fine tomorrow.
It will be fine weather tomorrow, perhaps.
It will be fine.
It will be finished in a day or two.
It will be five or ten years before the technology is ready.
It will be four crowns, please.
It will be four years before the definite result of beef liberalization emerges.
It will be free for you.
It will be frightening.
It will be fun because you'll be there.
It will be funny.
It will be great to go to senior high.
It will be hard for Tom to accept that.
It will be hard for you to speak English.
It will be hard for you to speak in English.
It will be hard to convince the owner to sell his house.
It will be hard to find a replacement for her.
It will be hard to find a substitute for her.
It will be hard to find the time.
It will be hard to sweep these crumbs.
It will be hot today.
It will be hot tomorrow.
It will be hot.
It will be interesting to see if she keeps her promise.
It will be interesting to see whether this weather continues.
It will be jolly to have somebody to play with. There isn't any other girl who lives near enough to play with, and I've no sisters big enough.
It will be late autumn when you get to London.
It will be little more than a hundred years before we use all the oil up.
It will be loved.
It will be much better next year.
It will be much cheaper if we make it ourselves.
It will be my birthday soon.
It will be my pleasure!
It will be my pleasure.
It will be nighttime in two hours and you will not be able to see anything.
It will be obvious that to bring this evil, with effect, to the bar of public opinion, we must probe it to the very core, and fearlessly unveil and drag into the light its indecent mysteries.
It will be one year before I see you again.
It will be our secret.
It will be over before you know it.
It will be over in a moment.
It will be over soon.
It will be quitting time before you get that done.
It will be raining at this time tomorrow.
It will be raining in the forest.
It will be rather difficult for him.
It will be ready by six this evening.
It will be ready soon.
It will be recalled that Archimedes amazed the Syracusan general by constructing an apparatus that enabled him, sitting on shore, to drag a ponderous galley from the water.
It will be reported when he is coming to Japan.
It will be safer with Tom.
It will be said by your daughter.
It will be scary.
It will be snow tomorrow.
It will be snowing in Hokkaido now.
It will be snowing tomorrow.
It will be snowing when we arrive at Shiga Heights.
It will be so easy to get reservations.
It will be some time before he gets well.
It will be some time before the economy will move out of the current doldrums.
It will be some time before they come.
It will be some time before we see him again.
It will be soon time to harvest.
It will be spring soon.
It will be summer soon.
It will be sunny tomorrow.
It will be sunrise soon.
It will be the end of the world.
It will be the first time since World War II the event has been canceled.
It will be the smartest move you ever made.
It will be the talk of the village!
It will be the talk of the village.
It will be three months before our house is completed.
It will be three months before our new school building is completed.
It will be to our mutual benefit to carry out the plan.
It will be to your advantage to study hard now.
It will be too late.
It will be valuable.
It will be very easy to fail.
It will be very expensive to repair this damage.
It will be very expensive.
It will be very hard.
It will be very important whether we win the battle or not.
It will be very, very hot.
It will be warm some day.
It will be warmer tomorrow.
It will be winter before long.
It will be winter soon.
It will be with them for the rest of their life.
It will be worse tomorrow.
It will be worth it!
It will be your job to acquaint the newcomer with the rules of the office.
It will become an annoyance sooner or later.
It will become cold.
It will become more and more difficult to live in the village.
It will become much warmer in March.
It will become something soft.
It will begin snowing before long.
It will bite Ziri in the ass in the long run.
It will boomerang against Tom.
It will bounce off the ship. I need someone to take it.
It will break.
It will bring down trouble on your family.
It will bring worry to your family.
It will burn.
It will cause damage to the harvest.
It will cause problems for her.
It will cause problems for him.
It will change into a soft substance.
It will change your life for the worst.
It will churn out only goodness in the long run.
It will clear up by and by.
It will clear up in the afternoon.
It will clear up soon.
It will come back to you again through your mouth.
It will come.
It will consume me.
It will continue to develop.
It will continue to grow.
It will cool down tonight.
It will cost 500 dollars to fly to Paris.
It will cost Tom dear.
It will cost a lot of money.
It will cost about 2000 yen to repair it.
It will cost around 10,000 yen.
It will cost around fifteen dollars.
It will cost at least 2000 yen to take a taxi.
It will cost however much it costs.
It will cost me a lot to furnish my new apartment.
It will cost more than ten thousand yen.
It will cost thirty thousand yen at the lowest estimate.
It will cost you $100 to fly to the island.
It will cost you 10 dollars to buy the CD.
It will cost you 45 cents.
It will cost you a fortune to give your son a good education.
It will cost you dear.
It will cost you more fixing it than buying a new one.
It will cost you more to go by plane.
It will cost you only a pocketful of change.
It will cure you of your headache in no time.
It will damage the crops.
It will disappear within two weeks.
It will disturb you in your studies.
It will do for ordinary purposes.
It will do harm to us.
It will do him no harm.
It will do you good to go to the country.
It will do you good to have a holiday.
It will do you good to live in the country.
It will do you no harm to find yourself ridiculous. Resign yourself to be the fool you are.
It will dry out immediately.
It will end in a waste of labor.
It will end well, never fear!
It will eventually make sense when you become older.
It will get better in two or three days.
It will get colder soon.
It will get dark earlier this evening, as it is raining.
It will get dark soon.
It will get very cold tonight. Maybe it will snow tomorrow.
It will get warmer and warmer.
It will get warmer soon.
It will get worse before it gets any better.
It will get you nowhere.
It will go away by itself in two weeks.
It will go away within two weeks.
It will go hard with him if he is found out.
It will grow back.
It will grow old.
It will happen to you too.
It will happen very soon.
It will happen.
It will haunt you for the rest of your life.
It will have been raining a week tomorrow.
It will have been raining a whole week if it is rainy tomorrow.
It will have been raining a whole week tomorrow.
It will have been raining for a week by tomorrow.
It will have been raining for a week if it does not stop tomorrow.
It will have been raining for a week tomorrow.
It will have been raining in the forest.
It will have been snowing for a whole week tomorrow.
It will have been snowing for five days tomorrow.
It will have been the same as before.
It will have rained in the forest.
It will have stopped raining by the time he comes back.
It will have taken inspiration from that animated cartoon.
It will have the same effect.
It will have to be decided sooner or later.
It will have to be done over again.
It will have to do.
It will heal before the wedding.
It will heal.
It will help you a lot when you speaking English.
It will help you pull together the scattered fragments of your memories.
It will hinge on whether or not she gets the promotion.
It will hurt a little, but not much.
It will kill two birds with one stone.
It will likely be cold this weekend.
It will make for the society.
It will make history.
It will make little difference whether you go there by taxi or on foot.
It will make most Americans uncomfortable if you insist on their accepting expensive gifts.
It will make you smile.
It will make you think about the things you think about in your thoughts.
It will make you think.
It will mean a lot for the village.
It will most likely rain today.
It will never catch on.
It will never happen again.
It will never happen again. I swear.
It will never happen to me.
It will never sell.
It will no doubt rain.
It will not add anything to the situation.
It will not be a straightforward, universally accepted matter when the US one day elects a female president.
It will not be easy to sell such a house.
It will not be fine.
It will not be long before I come back.
It will not be long before Scott gets well.
It will not be long before business returns to normal.
It will not be long before he comes.
It will not be long before he gets better.
It will not be long before he gets well.
It will not be long before he leaves the hospital.
It will not be long before he recovers from his illness.
It will not be long before he turns up.
It will not be long before it rains.
It will not be long before man can travel to the moon.
It will not be long before one out of five people owns a car.
It will not be long before our food runs out.
It will not be long before she comes back.
It will not be long before she regrets it.
It will not be long before spring comes.
It will not be long before the boy learns what life is.
It will not be long before the bridge is built.
It will not be long before the cherry blossoms come out.
It will not be long before the cherry blossoms on our campus come out.
It will not be long before the new term begins.
It will not be long before the sun rises.
It will not be long before the winter vacation ends.
It will not be long before the world runs short of food.
It will not be long before we can know the truth of the matter.
It will not be long before we can take a trip to the moon.
It will not be long before we know the result.
It will not be long before we meet again.
It will not be long before you accommodate yourself to the new circumstances.
It will not be ready.
It will not do to blame him for the accident.
It will not happen again.
It will not happen.
It will not last more than three minutes.
It will not make much difference whether you go today or tomorrow.
It will not rain today.
It will not rain tomorrow.
It will not snow tomorrow afternoon.
It will not stay that way.
It will not stay this way.
It will not take long, right?
It will not to do blame him for the accident.
It will only do harm to Tom.
It will only get better.
It will only hurt a little.
It will only make things worse.
It will only mean an endless debate.
It will only provoke Tom.
It will only take James thirty minutes.
It will only take a few minutes.
It will only take a minute of your time.
It will only take a minute.
It will only take a moment to answer the question.
It will only take a moment to fill out this application.
It will pay to help Tom.
It will pay you to save a part of your salary each month.
It will pay you to study hard.
It will please a lot of people.
It will probably be easier to reverse into that parking space.
It will probably rain after lunch.
It will probably rain soon.
It will probably rain this afternoon.
It will probably rain today.
It will probably rain until Sunday.
It will probably rain.
It will probably snow tomorrow.
It will probably snow.
It will prove to be up to expectation.
It will rain in the afternoon.
It will rain in the forest.
It will rain on and off today, so you'd better take your umbrella.
It will rain on and off today, so you’d better take your umbrella.
It will rain perhaps tomorrow.
It will rain this morning.
It will rain today.
It will rain tomorrow.
It will rain tonight.
It will really be okay.
It will really take you a coon's age to finish your work.
It will really take you ages to finish your work.
It will really work out.
It will require money.
It will require substantial time and financial resources.
It will ruin us all.
It will sadden Tony so much to hear that Donna is dead.
It will save you.
It will scarcely be any easier on the people if the cudgel with which they are beaten is called the people's cudgel.
It will scarcely be any easier on the people if the stick with which they are beaten is called the people's stick.
It will serve you right if she never speaks to you again.
It will shortly stop raining.
It will snow soon.
It will snow tomorrow according to the weather forecast.
It will snow tomorrow.
It will sometimes grow to a height of fifteen feet, and in swampy places is so dense that it is difficult to keep even a few horses in sight when driving through it; after it dries and the seeds fall to the ground, the stalks break off, and the sweep of the water over the plains during the succeeding year gathers these dry stems against the trees in enormous masses like small haystacks, and there they remain until a bushfire reduces them to ashes.
It will soon be New Year.
It will soon be September.
It will soon be breakfast time.
It will soon be consigned to history.
It will soon be dark.
It will soon be daybreak and I have to leave.
It will soon be possible for us to go direct to New York by air.
It will soon be spring.
It will soon come out all right.
It will soon grow dark.
It will soon grow light.
It will soon stop snowing, and then the weather will improve.
It will start after he comes.
It will stay between us.
It will still be working for some time.
It will stop raining before long.
It will stop raining soon.
It will suffice for the present that you should not appear absolutely poor; the time will come when you will be very rich.
It will surely by useful for your future to put forth this much effort.
It will take Ziri too much time.
It will take a couple of months to bring collisions up to the desired energy. When the LHC gets up to speed, the accelerated protons will travel with nearly the speed of light. The machine will produce about 800 million proton-proton collisions every second.
It will take a lifetime to translate all this.
It will take a little time to get used to wearing a wig.
It will take a long time to live down your disgrace.
It will take a long time to suppress the revolt.
It will take a lot of patience and tenacity to complete this project.
It will take a while to go away.
It will take an act of Congress to change that law.
It will take an hour to fix this windshield.
It will take awhile for the cement to dry before we can use it to park the car.
It will take awhile.
It will take five to ten years for the technology to be ready.
It will take four minutes to recharge the battery.
It will take her at least two years to be qualified for that post.
It will take him at least two years to be qualified for that post.
It will take him two hours to finish the work.
It will take me 20 minutes to get to the station by taxi.
It will take me a while to internalize the use of this new grammar rule.
It will take me four days to complete the book.
It will take me more than three hours to look over the document.
It will take me no less than 10 hours to prepare for the exam.
It will take me some time to learn German.
It will take months.
It will take more than two thousand truckloads to finish this huge concrete platform.
It will take one or two days.
It will take over an hour to get there.
It will take several days to drain the water.
It will take some getting used to.
It will take some time before he understands it, right?
It will take some time before he understands it.
It will take some time.
It will take them some hours.
It will take time for change to take place.
It will take time for him to recover from his wounds.
It will take upwards of a decade to capture the market.
It will take us just two hours to get to Algiers.
It will take years of number crunching to analyze these statistics.
It will take you a few minutes.
It will take you a lot of time to master English.
It will take you a whole lifetime to understand a crank like him.
It will take you at least half an hour to go from here to the city on foot.
It will take you thirty years to be fluent in Berber.
It will threaten the prosperity of the town.
It will turn cold.
It will turn into a pliable material.
It will work just fine.
It will work next time.
It will work out fine.
It will work.
It wobbled and wobbled, until finally, it fell off the shelf and shattered into a thousand pieces.
It won!
It won't all fit in my inventory.
It won't amount to anything.
It won't be a bed of roses.
It won't be a big deal if you put off buying it for a day!
It won't be a difficult thing to do.
It won't be a hard thing to do.
It won't be a long time before he gets well.
It won't be a long time before she recovers from the shock.
It won't be a problem at all.
It won't be a problem to reschedule the appointment.
It won't be a problem.
It won't be all that easy to do that.
It won't be an easy thing to do.
It won't be any fun unless Tom and Mary do that with us.
It won't be any fun unless Tom does that with us.
It won't be any fun unless Tom goes dancing with us.
It won't be any fun unless Tom goes swimming with us.
It won't be any problem at all.
It won't be any problem to reschedule the appointment.
It won't be any problem to reschedule your appointment.
It won't be any problem.
It won't be anything like that.
It won't be as boring to do that as you think.
It won't be as dangerous to do that as you think.
It won't be as difficult as you think it's going to be.
It won't be as difficult to do as you think.
It won't be as difficult to do that as you think.
It won't be as easy as you think.
It won't be as easy to do as you think.
It won't be as easy to do that as you think.
It won't be as expensive as you think.
It won't be as fun as you think.
It won't be as hard to do as you think.
It won't be as hard to do that as you think.
It won't be as interesting to do that as you think.
It won't be as much fun as you think it'll be.
It won't be as much fun as you think.
It won't be as much fun without you.
It won't be as scary as you think.
It won't be as scary to do that as you think.
It won't be difficult for us to do that.
It won't be difficult for us to do this.
It won't be difficult for you to do that.
It won't be difficult to convince Tom to do that.
It won't be difficult to do that.
It won't be difficult to find somebody to do that for you.
It won't be difficult to set that up.
It won't be done like this.
It won't be done.
It won't be easy at all.
It won't be easy finding someone who is qualified to take his place.
It won't be easy for Sandra to get Robert to notice him at a party.
It won't be easy for Tom to do that.
It won't be easy for Tom.
It won't be easy for me to say goodbye.
It won't be easy for us to do that.
It won't be easy for us to do this.
It won't be easy for us to find Tom.
It won't be easy for us.
It won't be easy for you to do that.
It won't be easy for you.
It won't be easy persuading Mary to go.
It won't be easy persuading Tom to come with us.
It won't be easy persuading Tom to go.
It won't be easy telling Tom about that.
It won't be easy telling Tom.
It won't be easy telling her.
It won't be easy telling him.
It won't be easy telling them.
It won't be easy to beat Tom.
It won't be easy to convince Tom to do that.
It won't be easy to convince Tom.
It won't be easy to determine what caused the problem.
It won't be easy to do it that way.
It won't be easy to do that that way.
It won't be easy to do that without some help.
It won't be easy to do that.
It won't be easy to figure out what caused the problem.
It won't be easy to find Tom.
It won't be easy to find a job now.
It won't be easy to find a time that works for both of us.
It won't be easy to find somebody to do that.
It won't be easy to find somebody to rent this house.
It won't be easy to find someone capable of taking Tom's place.
It won't be easy to find someone capable of taking his place.
It won't be easy to find someone to do that for you.
It won't be easy to find someone to do that.
It won't be easy to find someone to rent this house.
It won't be easy to forget you.
It won't be easy to gain Tom's trust.
It won't be easy to get into a Ph.D. program.
It won't be easy to get them out.
It won't be easy to investigate the cause.
It won't be easy to learn how to do that.
It won't be easy to persuade Tom.
It won't be easy to sell this house.
It won't be easy to solve that problem.
It won't be easy to solve this problem.
It won't be easy, but I'll manage.
It won't be easy, but I'll try.
It won't be easy, but Tom and I are going to do it anyway.
It won't be easy, but it's possible.
It won't be easy, but we have a chance.
It won't be easy, but we have to try.
It won't be easy, but we'll achieve it!
It won't be easy.
It won't be enough.
It won't be for long.
It won't be fun.
It won't be hard for us to do that.
It won't be hard for us to do this.
It won't be hard for you to do that.
It won't be hard to convince Tom to do that.
It won't be hard to do that.
It won't be hard to find someone to do that for you.
It won't be hard to find someone to do that.
It won't be hard.
It won't be lonely here.
It won't be long before I come back.
It won't be long before Mike gets well.
It won't be long before Tom and Mary come back.
It won't be long before Tom and Mary do that.
It won't be long before Tom and Mary get here.
It won't be long before Tom comes back.
It won't be long before Tom does that.
It won't be long before Tom gets better.
It won't be long before Tom gets here.
It won't be long before Tom is here.
It won't be long before Tom realizes he made a mistake.
It won't be long before Tom realizes his mistake.
It won't be long before Tom realizes that he made a mistake.
It won't be long before a warm spring comes.
It won't be long before everything is ready.
It won't be long before he can play baseball again.
It won't be long before he comes to himself.
It won't be long before he comes.
It won't be long before he is up and about.
It won't be long before he realizes the mistake.
It won't be long before he returns home.
It won't be long before it rains.
It won't be long before it starts snowing.
It won't be long before my husband comes back.
It won't be long before one out of five people owns a car.
It won't be long before our food runs out.
It won't be long before she gets over her illness.
It won't be long before spring comes.
It won't be long before spring is here.
It won't be long before that happens.
It won't be long before the leaves start changing colors.
It won't be long before the snow starts to thaw.
It won't be long before the sun rises.
It won't be long before the trees are bare.
It won't be long before they find out what we're trying to do here.
It won't be long before they get married.
It won't be long before we can enjoy space travel.
It won't be long before we can live together.
It won't be long before we can start.
It won't be long before we can travel to Mars.
It won't be long before we can travel to the moon.
It won't be long before we know the results.
It won't be long before we know the truth.
It won't be long before we meet again.
It won't be long before you can do that by yourself.
It won't be long before you get used to doing this.
It won't be long before your dream comes true.
It won't be long now.
It won't be long till Tom is here.
It won't be long till that happens.
It won't be long until Tom is here.
It won't be long until we know the truth.
It won't be long.
It won't be much longer now.
It won't be much longer.
It won't be necessary for Tom to do that.
It won't be necessary for me to do that.
It won't be necessary for us to come back here tomorrow.
It won't be necessary for us to do that.
It won't be necessary for you to call me.
It won't be necessary for you to do that.
It won't be necessary to come back here tomorrow.
It won't be necessary to do that anymore.
It won't be necessary to do that.
It won't be necessary, I think.
It won't be our problem, will it?
It won't be pleasant.
It won't be possible for Tom to do that tomorrow.
It won't be possible for me to do that.
It won't be possible for us to do that.
It won't be possible for us to meet your needs.
It won't be possible for you to do that.
It won't be possible to continue doing this.
It won't be possible to do that.
It won't be possible to finish doing that today.
It won't be possible.
It won't be quite the same.
It won't be raining today but that's not for certain.
It won't be ready.
It won't be repeated again.
It won't be riper. It's a green apple.
It won't be safe doing it that way.
It won't be safe to do that.
It won't be scary if there is four of us.
It won't be simple for you.
It won't be so bad.
It won't be so difficult to convince Tom.
It won't be so difficult to do that.
It won't be so easy for them to get Sami out of here.
It won't be so easy to do that.
It won't be so hard to do that.
It won't be stopped.
It won't be that bad.
It won't be that difficult to set that up.
It won't be that difficult to set up a meeting with Tom.
It won't be that difficult to set up.
It won't be that easy.
It won't be that hard.
It won't be that long.
It won't be the first time Tom has been late.
It won't be the first time it's happened to me.
It won't be the first time that Tom's been late.
It won't be the first time that it's happened to me.
It won't be the same here without you.
It won't be the same thing as having her here all the time.
It won't be the same without you.
It won't be the same.
It won't be too long before that happens.
It won't be very difficult to do that.
It won't be very easy to do that.
It won't be very hard to do that.
It won't be wise to overwork at the cost of your health.
It won't be worth the risk.
It won't be your fault if your son does anything wrong: he is twenty-five now, isn't he?
It won't bother me if you do that.
It won't budge one bit.
It won't budge!
It won't budge.
It won't change a thing.
It won't change anything.
It won't clear up.
It won't come apart.
It won't come to that.
It won't come to you if you close your eyes.
It won't come up.
It won't cool down if the A/C isn't on.
It won't cost a lot.
It won't cost anything to repair it.
It won't cost as much as you think it will.
It won't cost much to do that.
It won't cost much.
It won't cost that much.
It won't cost three hundred yen.
It won't cost us anything.
It won't cost you a dime.
It won't cost you a penny.
It won't cost you a thing to do that.
It won't cost you a thing.
It won't cost you anything.
It won't cost you much to do that.
It won't cost ¥300.
It won't discourage Tom, I'm afraid.
It won't dissolve.
It won't do any good to apologize now.
It won't do any good to argue with the manager.
It won't do any good to complain to the police.
It won't do any good to complain.
It won't do any good to lie about it.
It won't do any good to talk to Tom now.
It won't do any good.
It won't do itself.
It won't do much good to complain.
It won't do to be so inhibited when you go up on stage.
It won't do us any harm if we talk the matter over.
It won't do well to trust him.
It won't do you any good to talk up your own work like that.
It won't do you any harm.
It won't do you much good.
It won't end.
It won't even take five minutes of your time.
It won't fly!
It won't fly.
It won't get any better.
It won't get any easier.
It won't get any worse.
It won't get anywhere.
It won't get better.
It won't get done unless you do it yourself.
It won't happen again, I promise.
It won't happen again, I swear.
It won't happen again.
It won't happen again. It was an accident.
It won't happen overnight.
It won't happen right away.
It won't happen the way you think it will.
It won't happen to me.
It won't happen to you.
It won't happen unless you make it happen.
It won't happen, I hope.
It won't happen.
It won't help Tom.
It won't help to complain.
It won't help you anyway.
It won't help you.
It won't hurt Tom to wait.
It won't hurt for long.
It won't hurt to try doing that.
It won't hurt to wait a little longer.
It won't hurt to wait a while longer.
It won't hurt you to listen, will it?
It won't hurt you to see Tom.
It won't hurt you to skip one meal.
It won't hurt you.
It won't hurt, I promise.
It won't hurt.
It won't improve your situation.
It won't improve.
It won't just happen overnight.
It won't just happen. You have to make it happen.
It won't keep.
It won't last for more than three minutes.
It won't last forever.
It won't last long.
It won't last more than three minutes.
It won't let me ask you.
It won't likely rain today.
It won't likely snow today.
It won't make any difference whichever you choose.
It won't make any difference.
It won't make much difference.
It won't make sense.
It won't make you happy.
It won't matter anyhow.
It won't matter anyway.
It won't matter in the end.
It won't matter in the long run.
It won't matter.
It won't necessarily be easy.
It won't open.
It won't pay to put off making the decision.
It won't protect our health, but destroy it.
It won't rain on my wedding day.
It won't rain today.
It won't rain.
It won't seem so long.
It won't snow.
It won't start before eight-thirty.
It won't stay like that.
It won't stay like this.
It won't stay that way.
It won't stay this way.
It won't stop bleeding.
It won't stop raining.
It won't stop.
It won't succeed.
It won't take Tom long to do that.
It won't take Tom much time to do that.
It won't take Tom very long to do that.
It won't take as long to do that as you might think.
It won't take long to do that job.
It won't take long to do that.
It won't take long to do the job.
It won't take long to finish the job.
It won't take long to read that book.
It won't take long.
It won't take long. I'll be there before you know it.
It won't take me a long time.
It won't take me long to do that.
It won't take me long to install this software.
It won't take me long.
It won't take me much time to do that.
It won't take me very long to do that.
It won't take more than five minutes.
It won't take more than two or three minutes to walk there.
It won't take much longer, I promise.
It won't take much longer.
It won't take much time.
It won't take so long.
It won't take that long, I promise.
It won't take that long.
It won't take them long to get married.
It won't take us long to do that.
It won't take us long.
It won't take us much time to do that.
It won't take us very long to do that.
It won't take very long.
It won't take you as long to do that as you think it will.
It won't take you long to do that, will it?
It won't take you long to do that.
It won't take you long to read that book.
It won't take you more than five minutes.
It won't take you much time to do that.
It won't take you too long to do that.
It won't take you very long to do that.
It won't turn over.
It won't work like that.
It won't work out.
It won't work without the final piece.
It won't work.
It won't work. I've already tried it umpteen times.
It won’t be a long time before he gets well.
It won’t be a long time before she recovers from the shock.
It won’t be easy persuading Mary to go.
It won’t be easy to find someone capable of taking his place.
It won’t be long before Mike gets well.
It won’t be long before a warm spring comes.
It won’t be long before everything is ready.
It won’t be long before he can play baseball again.
It won’t be long before he comes to himself.
It won’t be long before he is up and about.
It won’t be long before he realizes the mistake.
It won’t be long before he returns home.
It won’t be long before my husband comes back.
It won’t be long before she gets over her illness.
It won’t be long before the trees are bare.
It won’t be long before they get married.
It won’t be long before we can enjoy space travel.
It won’t be long before we can live together.
It won’t be long before we can start.
It won’t be long before we can travel to Mars.
It won’t be long before we can travel to the moon.
It won’t be long before we know the truth.
It won’t be long before your dream comes true.
It won’t be wise to overwork at the cost of your health.
It won’t be you that ruins our relationship.
It won’t be your fault if your son does anything wrong: he is twenty-five now, isn’t he?
It won’t clear up.
It won’t do you any good to talk up your own work like that.
It won’t get anywhere.
It won’t hurt you to skip one meal.
It won’t hurt.
It won’t make any difference whichever you choose.
It won’t start before eight-thirty.
It won’t stop bleeding.
It won’t take long to do the job.
It won’t take long to finish the job.
It won’t take long to read that book.
It won’t take so long.
It won’t take that long.
It worked at first.
It worked at the third attempt.
It worked at the third go.
It worked beautifully.
It worked even better than I had imagined.
It worked every time.
It worked flawlessly.
It worked for Tom.
It worked for her.
It worked for him.
It worked for me.
It worked for them.
It worked like a charm.
It worked miracles for my depression.
It worked out OK for Tom.
It worked out OK.
It worked out great.
It worked out perfectly.
It worked out quite well.
It worked out well.
It worked out.
It worked perfectly the first time.
It worked perfectly.
It worked right out of the box.
It worked seamlessly.
It worked well.
It worked when I switched to XFCE.
It worked.
It works again.
It works both ways.
It works every time.
It works exactly as advertised.
It works fine.
It works for me.
It works for most people.
It works for us.
It works great.
It works great. Thanks Tom!
It works in theory but not in practice.
It works in theory.
It works incredibly well.
It works just fine.
It works left-handed, as well, though I've never done it that way.
It works like a dream.
It works like magic.
It works now.
It works on my machine.
It works once again.
It works perfectly.
It works perfectly. You just don't know how to use it.
It works pretty well here.
It works pretty well.
It works seamlessly with your iPhone.
It works the same way in every country.
It works the same way in every country. Well, almost.
It works theoretically.
It works well.
It works wonders.
It works!
It works, but I don't like the way it takes multiple clicks to get to things I often access.
It works.
It worried me that she looked pale.
It worries me a lot.
It worries me that he doesn't study.
It worries me that she doesn't study.
It worries me.
It would appear I have an appointment with a ghost.
It would appear that you're wrong.
It would appear they're compatible.
It would appear to me that the two ideas aren't mutually exclusive.
It would be a bad idea to go up there.
It would be a bad mistake to do that.
It would be a bad mistake to let Tom do that.
It would be a big mistake to allow this to happen.
It would be a big mistake to do that.
It would be a catastrophe if the dam failed.
It would be a catastrophe.
It would be a difficult job.
It would be a disaster if they ever got a majority in the parliament.
It would be a disaster.
It would be a dream come true.
It would be a fruitless search to look through the Scriptures and find one single instance where Jesus did not treat women either equal or superior to men.
It would be a global tragedy to lose this iconic creature.
It would be a good idea for you not to do anything today.
It would be a good idea for you to do that today.
It would be a good idea for you to get out from the futon!
It would be a good idea if I went.
It would be a good idea if you apologized to Tom.
It would be a good idea to avoid Tom.
It would be a good idea to do that by yourself.
It would be a good idea to do that by yourselves.
It would be a good idea to do that this week.
It would be a good idea to do that today.
It would be a good idea to do that.
It would be a good idea to get rid of all this junk.
It would be a good idea to try doing that.
It would be a good idea to wait.
It would be a great convenience if English were to become everybody’s major language.
It would be a great experience for him.
It would be a great loss to science if this language were to die.
It would be a great pity if you gave up now.
It would be a huge setback for them.
It would be a lie to say that I miss her.
It would be a lot more fun to do that the way Tom suggested.
It would be a lot of fun to do that.
It would be a miracle to do well on the exam.
It would be a mistake not to do what Tom asked you to do.
It would be a mistake to ask Tom to do that.
It would be a mistake to assume that Tom knows what he's supposed to do.
It would be a mistake to do it that way.
It would be a mistake to do that now.
It would be a mistake to do that.
It would be a mistake to ignore Tom's advice.
It would be a mistake to make a phone call.
It would be a mistake to not take this.
It would be a mistake.
It would be a pity if Tom couldn't do that.
It would be a pity if Tom wasn't allowed to do that.
It would be a pity if such a word disappeared.
It would be a pity if such a word were to disappear.
It would be a pity if the devil would take you away.
It would be a pity if we couldn't do that.
It would be a pity if we couldn't find it.
It would be a pity if we weren't allowed to do that.
It would be a pity if you let this opportunity pass you by.
It would be a pity if you missed out on seeing Tom while you're in Australia.
It would be a pity if you missed out on seeing Tom while you're in Boston.
It would be a pity to give up now.
It would be a pity to let all our hard work go to waste.
It would be a pleasure for me to teach you a few things.
It would be a pleasure to assist you.
It would be a pleasure.
It would be a rather interesting experience for both of us.
It would be a satisfaction to me.
It would be a shame for a young man to be at loose ends just because he can't get the kind of job he wants.
It would be a shame for a young man to be at loose ends just because he can’t get the kind of job he wants.
It would be a shame for you to miss this.
It would be a shame if the library closed down.
It would be a shame if we couldn't do that.
It would be a shame to break down this door.
It would be a shame to let all this food go to waste.
It would be a shame to let such an opportunity pass.
It would be a sin to waste it.
It would be a stupid idea to do that.
It would be a terrible mistake to do that.
It would be a very good idea to do that.
It would be a very nice gift!
It would be a waste of energy to tell a hair-raising story to a bald man.
It would be a waste of talent not to play sports despite being so athletic.
It would be a waste of time to ask Tom to help.
It would be a waste of time to do that.
It would be a wonderful Christmas present.
It would be advisable to do that today.
It would be almost impossible to do that by yourself.
It would be almost impossible to do that.
It would be amazing if Tom did that for us.
It would be amazing if we could do that.
It would be an absolute pleasure to thwart that villain's plan.
It would be an adventure.
It would be an honor for me to study your native language with you.
It would be an honor to work with you.
It would be an honour for me to speak to them.
It would be an honour.
It would be appreciated if you also went to the website to post a comment on that sentence, to indicate it doesn't sound natural and should be improved.
It would be appreciated if you also went to the website to post a comment on that sentence, to indicate it doesn’t sound natural and should be improved.
It would be as impossible for me to attack Christianity as it would be impossible for me to attack werewolves.
It would be awesome to have a script which looks for sentences with audio, searches for translations with audio, and concatenates the two audio files.
It would be awesome to have a script which looks for sentences, searches for translations, and concatenates the audio files.
It would be awesome!
It would be beneficial for both of us if you could redirect your attention to something more meaningful and refrain from your passive-aggressive remarks.
It would be beneficial for both of us if you refrained from following me around the website and indulging in passive-aggressive remarks.
It would be best for you to follow the doctor's orders.
It would be best for you to visit Dr. Suzuki tomorrow morning.
It would be best if I did that by myself.
It would be best if I met him in person.
It would be best if Tom was the one who did that.
It would be best if all of us translated into our native language.
It would be best if each of us translated into our native language.
It would be best if we didn't say anything.
It would be best if we stayed out of this.
It would be best if you could speak English.
It would be best if you did everything Tom and Mary ask you to do.
It would be best if you did everything Tom asks you to do.
It would be best if you did not smoke during your shift.
It would be best if you did that.
It would be best if you didn't do that.
It would be best if you followed your doctor's advice.
It would be best if you gave up.
It would be best if you read this.
It would be best if you stopped smoking.
It would be best if you talked to Tom.
It would be best if you tried a little harder.
It would be best if you tried to call Tom again.
It would be best if you went to bed now.
It would be best if you went to the doctor right away.
It would be best if you were more careful.
It would be best if you wrote the letter right away.
It would be best not to rush things.
It would be best not to trust Tom.
It would be best to ask Tom.
It would be best to begin right away.
It would be best to consult a lawyer.
It would be best to leave it to a man who knows the ropes.
It would be best to start right away.
It would be better for Tom if he did that by himself.
It would be better for Tom if he did that on his own.
It would be better for both of us not to see each other anymore.
It would be better for me to tell you the truth.
It would be better for them to tell you.
It would be better for you not to ask him for advice.
It would be better for you not to do that.
It would be better for you to do that now.
It would be better for you to do that on Monday.
It would be better for you to read more books.
It would be better for you to speak to Tom.
It would be better for you to speak to him.
It would be better for you to stay away from Tom.
It would be better for you to stay away from such a man.
It would be better for you to stay in bed today.
It would be better if I didn't tell you.
It would be better if I stayed home.
It would be better if I went there.
It would be better if I went to bed now.
It would be better if Tom didn't do that by himself.
It would be better if Tom didn't do that.
It would be better if Tom heard it from you.
It would be better if Tom heard that from you.
It would be better if Tom helped us.
It would be better if Tom left.
It would be better if Tom paid more attention.
It would be better if Tom stayed with his grandmother.
It would be better if he's there this evening.
It would be better if she paid more attention.
It would be better if that happened later.
It would be better if we didn't attend that meeting.
It would be better if we didn't change our plans.
It would be better if we didn't do that.
It would be better if we didn't do this until tomorrow.
It would be better if we didn't leave at this time.
It would be better if we didn't say anything about that.
It would be better if we didn't speak of Tom.
It would be better if we just kept doing what we're doing.
It would be better if you ate a little more slowly.
It would be better if you avoided Tom.
It would be better if you did that.
It would be better if you didn't climb such a high mountain in the winter.
It would be better if you didn't come back here.
It would be better if you didn't do that.
It would be better if you didn't drink so much coffee late at night.
It would be better if you didn't eat before going to bed.
It would be better if you didn't go outside today.
It would be better if you didn't go there.
It would be better if you didn't say anything.
It would be better if you didn't tell Tom what Mary did yesterday.
It would be better if you didn't watch so much TV.
It would be better if you didn’t climb such a high mountain in the winter.
It would be better if you made sure that he is home before calling him.
It would be better if you read more books.
It would be better if you stay where you are!
It would be better if you stayed here a little longer.
It would be better if you stayed in bed today.
It would be better if you stayed in bed.
It would be better if you stayed with Tom.
It would be better if you take him to the vet.
It would be better if you took a rest here.
It would be better if you took her to the vet.
It would be better if you went alone.
It would be better if you went by train.
It would be better if you went to sleep immediately.
It would be better if you were more careful.
It would be better if you work this afternoon.
It would be better if you would eat more.
It would be better not to argue with Tom.
It would be better not to ask.
It would be better not to do that today.
It would be better not to do that too much.
It would be better not to do that while Tom is here.
It would be better not to do that.
It would be better not to drink that.
It would be better not to drive.
It would be better not to go alone.
It would be better not to go out after dark.
It would be better not to go out today.
It would be better not to go there alone.
It would be better not to go today.
It would be better not to read this book.
It would be better not to tell Tom.
It would be better to agree to the terms.
It would be better to be blind than to see that.
It would be better to die a thousand times than suffer such infamy.
It would be better to do that the way Tom told you to.
It would be better to do that.
It would be better to do the housework before sleeping, since tomorrow you might be tired.
It would be better to go by train.
It would be better to go home rather than to wait here.
It would be better to leave Tom be.
It would be better to leave it unsaid.
It would be better to leave that to the experts.
It would be better to not be here when Tom arrives.
It would be better to park somewhere else.
It would be better to put his troubles aside.
It would be better to stay at home than go out.
It would be better to stay at home.
It would be better to stay home today.
It would be better to stay home.
It would be better to talk of something else.
It would be better to try.
It would be better with onions.
It would be better with your younger sister.
It would be cheap to do that.
It would be cheaper to do that the way Tom suggested.
It would be completely unreasonable to do such a thing.
It would be confusing.
It would be cool if I could speak three languages.
It would be counter-productive to do such a thing.
It would be crazy not to do that.
It would be crazy to climb that mountain in the winter.
It would be crazy to do that again.
It would be crazy to do that.
It would be dangerous for Tom to do that.
It would be dangerous for us to do that.
It would be dangerous to do that again.
It would be dangerous to do that by yourself.
It would be dangerous to do that by yourselves.
It would be dangerous to do that now.
It would be dangerous to do that.
It would be dangerous to go too near the edge of the cliff.
It would be dangerous to involve Tom in it.
It would be dangerous.
It would be depressing if this country were to become linguistically homogeneous.
It would be depressing to do that again.
It would be depressing to do that by yourself.
It would be depressing to do that.
It would be different.
It would be difficult to convince Tom to do that.
It would be difficult to do that again.
It would be difficult to do that by yourself.
It would be difficult to do that now.
It would be difficult to do that.
It would be difficult to improve the device when there is no effective catalyst.
It would be difficult to improve the device without an effective catalyst.
It would be difficult.
It would be disappointing if Tom did that.
It would be disappointing if Tom didn't do that.
It would be disappointing if you did that.
It would be disappointing if you didn't do that.
It would be disrespectful to do that.
It would be easier for me to do that myself than to tell you how to do it.
It would be easier to do that the way Tom suggested.
It would be easy enough for me to do that.
It would be easy enough for you to do that.
It would be easy for Tom to do that.
It would be easy for Tom to win.
It would be easy for us to do that.
It would be easy for you to do that.
It would be easy to do that again.
It would be easy to do that by yourself.
It would be easy to do that.
It would be easy to find costlier restaurants, but not to find better ones.
It would be even better if you were here with us.
It would be expensive to do that.
It would be fantastic if Tom could do that.
It would be fantastic if Tom could win.
It would be fantastic if we could do that together.
It would be fantastic if we could do that.
It would be fantastic if we could sing together.
It would be fantastic if you could do that for me.
It would be fantastic if you could do that.
It would be fantastic if you did that for me.
It would be fantastic to have a zen garden in front of the house!
It would be faster to do that the way Tom suggested.
It would be feasible, but the political will is lacking.
It would be fine if being gay or trans was a choice, but the science shows that it isn't.
It would be foolish for Mary to go diving by herself.
It would be foolish for Tom and Mary to go diving by themselves.
It would be foolish for Tom not to do that.
It would be foolish for Tom to do that.
It would be foolish for Tom to go diving by himself.
It would be foolish for you to trust Tom.
It would be foolish to choose otherwise.
It would be foolish to do that again.
It would be foolish to do that by yourself.
It would be foolish to do that by yourselves.
It would be foolish to do that now.
It would be foolish to do that.
It would be foolish to try doing that.
It would be foolish, not to say mad, to do such a thing.
It would be fun if you could come, too.
It would be fun to do that now.
It would be fun to do that with you.
It would be fun to do that.
It would be fun to go mountain climbing with you.
It would be fun to make some crepes in the office.
It would be fun to see how things change over the years.
It would be fun to surprise Tom.
It would be fun.
It would be funny if it wasn't tragic.
It would be funny if it weren't so sad.
It would be funny if it weren't so tragic.
It would be funny, if it wasn't so sad.
It would be funny, if it wasn't so tragic.
It would be good for Tom to get a little more exercise.
It would be good for us if it rained.
It would be good for us to do physical exercises.
It would be good for you to hang out with your friends.
It would be good for you to study eagerly.
It would be good if I had a car.
It would be good if Tom did a little more exercise.
It would be good if you ate it.
It would be good if you could come with us.
It would be good if you could do that for Tom.
It would be good if you could do that for me.
It would be good if you could sing.
It would be good if you did that for Tom.
It would be good if you did that for me.
It would be good if you did that.
It would be good if you didn't eat too much.
It would be good if you had seen that movie in the cinema.
It would be good if you said that.
It would be good if you started work.
It would be good if you started working seriously.
It would be good if you were to wear summer clothes.
It would be good if you wrote it to be more readable.
It would be good that we scan the old books, whose copyright has expired, to upload them to the Internet. That way, these books will not be forgotten.
It would be good to call us on Saturday.
It would be good to decide quickly.
It would be good to do that this week.
It would be good to do that.
It would be good to eat it while it's hot.
It would be good to get some help.
It would be good to live in a world where people don't need to work.
It would be good to make a backup immediately.
It would be good to repair the roof before winter.
It would be good to see you again.
It would be good to sleep, even for just a little bit.
It would be good to take a backup snapshot immediately.
It would be great fun.
It would be great if I could use a hyphen in my username.
It would be great if Tom could do that.
It would be great if Tom could win.
It would be great if that happened.
It would be great if that were true.
It would be great if the weather got brighter tomorrow.
It would be great if there was a Japanese edition.
It would be great if we could do that together.
It would be great if we could do that.
It would be great if we could eat together.
It would be great if we could meet again.
It would be great if we could sing together.
It would be great if we could travel together.
It would be great if we knew the synonyms of this word.
It would be great if you and I could do that together.
It would be great if you could be there.
It would be great if you could come as well.
It would be great if you could come with us.
It would be great if you could come, too.
It would be great if you could do that for me.
It would be great if you could do that for us.
It would be great if you could do that.
It would be great if you could help us.
It would be great if you could join us for dinner.
It would be great if you could join us.
It would be great if you could sing for us.
It would be great if you could sing.
It would be great if you did that for me.
It would be great if you visited your friends in Poland someday.
It would be great if you waited for the police to arrive.
It would be great to see you again.
It would be great to sleep a while first.
It would be great, if you came to live with me.
It would be great.
It would be hard for me to do that.
It would be hard for me to leave here.
It would be hard for me to say no to Tom.
It would be hard to be Tom.
It would be hard to do that again.
It would be hard to do that by yourself.
It would be hard to do that now.
It would be hard to do that.
It would be hard to express in words.
It would be hard to express that in words.
It would be hard to live without electricity.
It would be helpful if you could do that for me.
It would be highly desirable for you to come.
It would be ideal if the WiFi were gratis.
It would be illegal to do so.
It would be illegal to do that.
It would be illogical.
It would be immensely challenging for China to take down Taiwan.
It would be impolite to refuse.
It would be impossible for Tom to do that.
It would be impossible for Tom to win.
It would be impossible for me to do that.
It would be impossible for us to do that in one day.
It would be impossible for us to do that.
It would be impossible for you to do that.
It would be impossible to cover everything about Japan.
It would be impossible to do that again.
It would be impossible to do that by ourselves.
It would be impossible to do that by yourself.
It would be impossible to do that in just three hours.
It would be impossible to do that.
It would be impossible to estimate how many crimes went undetected last year.
It would be impossible to take an interest in audio with my current savings.
It would be inappropriate to discuss that now.
It would be inconsiderate to do that.
It would be indecent to speak so vulgarly in their presence.
It would be interesting if that happened.
It would be interesting to do that again.
It would be interesting to do that.
It would be interesting to know how a costermonger could have made all that money by the sale of apples, oranges, and greens.
It would be interesting to know what she meant by that.
It would be interesting to see if we could do that.
It would be interesting to try doing that.
It would be interesting, I think.
It would be interesting.
It would be irresponsible to do that.
It would be logical to do that.
It would be lovely if one could ride a bike around town.
It would be lovely to sleep in a wild cherry-tree all white with bloom in the moonshine, don't you think?
It would be madness to climb that mountain in winter.
It would be madness to do it.
It would be mean to do that to Tom.
It would be misleading to say that I hate the British. I do. But it would be more accurate to say that I hate humans. Some of my best friends are humans, and I'm a human myself, but I can honestly say that humans are scum. Humans really need to get their shit together.
It would be more fun if you went with me.
It would be more fun to do that the way Tom suggested.
It would be more fun to do this with you than by myself.
It would be more sensible to close the window when it is cold.
It would be much appreciated if you would do that for me.
It would be much better if Tom didn't live with us.
It would be much better to do this the way Tom suggested.
It would be nice if I could do that.
It would be nice if I could travel to Japan.
It would be nice if I had a car.
It would be nice if I were a dog, it would be nice to be a cat, too. Peeing where I like, pooping where I like.
It would be nice if Tom could be here tomorrow.
It would be nice if Tom could do that.
It would be nice if Tom could help Mary.
It would be nice if Tom could help me this afternoon.
It would be nice if Tom could win.
It would be nice if Tom did this, too.
It would be nice if Tom didn't keep making unnecessary remarks.
It would be nice if he were to come.
It would be nice if it brightened up tomorrow.
It would be nice if it stopped raining.
It would be nice if it were like that.
It would be nice if my uncles were very rich.
It would be nice if someday, city builders could 3D-print Kyoto in a different location. It is so well-preserved.
It would be nice if that were so.
It would be nice if that were true.
It would be nice if there was a Portuguese version.
It would be nice if there were more money.
It would be nice if we could do that today.
It would be nice if we could do that.
It would be nice if we could do this together.
It would be nice if we could get some new playground equipment.
It would be nice if we could go there together.
It would be nice if we could prove them wrong.
It would be nice if we were able to spend more time together.
It would be nice if you came, too.
It would be nice if you could come.
It would be nice if you could do that for me.
It would be nice if you could do that.
It would be nice if you could get here a little early.
It would be nice if you could help.
It would be nice if you could make me something to eat.
It would be nice if you could use the caliper instead of your ruler: it's much more accurate!
It would be nice if you could volunteer the information without being prompted.
It would be nice if you did that for me.
It would be nice if you had a wedge of lime I could squeeze into my icewater.
It would be nice if you helped me a little.
It would be nice if you were able to do that with us.
It would be nice if you were able to do that, too.
It would be nice of you to do that.
It would be nice of you to give me some ice.
It would be nice to be married.
It would be nice to do that sometime.
It would be nice to do that with Tom.
It would be nice to do that.
It would be nice to eat at a fancy restaurant for a change.
It would be nice to get married.
It would be nice to go to Australia for the honeymoon.
It would be nice to go when it is sunny.
It would be nice to have a heart-to-heart talk.
It would be nice to have a helicopter, but I'm not a pilot.
It would be nice to have a magic wand that grants my every wish.
It would be nice to have a party.
It would be nice to know who.
It would be nice to meet again before long.
It would be nice to own one of those, wouldn't it?
It would be nice to see Tom again.
It would be nice to see you again if the opportunity arises.
It would be nice to see you again.
It would be nice to spend some time with Tom.
It would be nice to spend the summer in the mountains.
It would be nice to stay here.
It would be nice to tell her.
It would be nice, but it won't be happening.
It would be overkill, Tom.
It would be perfect.
It would be pointless to do that.
It would be pointless.
It would be possible for Tom to do that.
It would be possible for Tom to go there by bicycle.
It would be possible for me to do that.
It would be possible to do that again.
It would be possible to do that by yourself.
It would be possible to do that.
It would be possible tomorrow.
It would be possible.
It would be preferable for you to surrender.
It would be premature to set a date for the wedding right now.
It would be premature to take any conclusion from this.
It would be presumptuous to call myself his replacement, but I could offer some guidance.
It would be prudent to do that today.
It would be prudent to worry about the details now.
It would be really daft to give up now that the worst of it is behind you.
It would be really daft to give up now that you're through the worst of it.
It would be really good if you came earlier.
It would be really nice.
It would be really sad if that happened.
It would be reasonable for him to reject that proposal.
It would be remarkable if we could do that.
It would be remiss of me not to mention the risks involved.
It would be ridiculous if we couldn't solve the problem successfully!
It would be ridiculous to do that again.
It would be ridiculous to do that by yourself.
It would be ridiculous to do that here.
It would be ridiculous to do that.
It would be ridiculous to spend all their money.
It would be ridiculous to try doing that by ourselves.
It would be ridiculous to want to restrain oneself from obedience to an external and foremost will only because it did not accord with prudence. For this is precisely the supposition of the government: that it allows its subjects the liberty to judge right and wrong not according to their own understandings but according to the rule of law.
It would be risky to do that by yourself.
It would be risky to do that by yourselves.
It would be risky to do that.
It would be risky to let Tom do that.
It would be romantic to do that.
It would be romantic.
It would be rude to do that now.
It would be rude to do that.
It would be rude to ignore Janos.
It would be sad if that happened again.
It would be sad if that were true.
It would be safe for Tom to do that.
It would be safe to do that.
It would be safer not to do that.
It would be safer to do that together.
It would be safer to go by train.
It would be safer to stay here.
It would be safer to walk home together.
It would be scary to do that.
It would be sending more lambs to the slaughter.
It would be sheer madness to do that.
It would be silly to do that again.
It would be silly to do that.
It would be simple to do that.
It would be smart not to do that.
It would be smart to do that again.
It would be smart to do that now.
It would be smart to do that.
It would be so cool if I could speak ten languages!
It would be so easy to do that.
It would be so exciting.
It would be so good to carry on sleeping, but I cannot.
It would be so nice if I could go on a trip now.
It would be so nice if I had a car.
It would be so transgressive.
It would be something I'd have to program.
It would be something I’d have to program.
It would be splendid if we could go there, wouldn't it?
It would be splendid if we could go there, wouldn’t it?
It would be strange if it didn't rain on our field trip in June.
It would be stupid for Mary to go diving by herself.
It would be stupid for Tom and Mary to go diving by themselves.
It would be stupid for Tom to do that.
It would be stupid for Tom to go diving by himself.
It would be stupid for you to trust Tom.
It would be stupid not to do that.
It would be stupid to climb that mountain in the winter.
It would be stupid to do that again.
It would be stupid to do that by yourself.
It would be stupid to do that by yourselves.
It would be stupid to do that here.
It would be stupid to do that.
It would be stupid to get rid of all this stuff at this time.
It would be stupid to go on my own.
It would be stupid to reject him.
It would be stupid to say no.
It would be stupid to say yes.
It would be stupid to try doing that by ourselves.
It would be such a pity if our train left without us in it and quite honestly I don't want that to happen.
It would be surprising if Tom did that.
It would be surprising if Tom didn't do that.
It would be taking it too far to tell you everything.
It would be terrible if that happened.
It would be the best thing that could happen to me.
It would be three in the afternoon.
It would be tiring to do that.
It would be to your advantage to prepare questions in advance.
It would be to your advantage to study French.
It would be to your advantage to study Spanish.
It would be too cold for me up there now.
It would be too costly to invade Taiwan.
It would be too dear.
It would be too easy.
It would be too expensive.
It would be too far to walk from house to house to get candy in this area.
It would be too much.
It would be too risky to do that.
It would be tough to do that.
It would be true, if zero or more characters at the beginning of the string would match this regular expression.
It would be unethical for me to do that.
It would be unethical for me to talk about Tom's medical problems.
It would be unethical for me to talk about that.
It would be unethical for me to tell you about Tom's medical problems.
It would be unethical for me to tell you about Tom’s medical problems.
It would be unethical for me to tell you that.
It would be unethical not to do that.
It would be unethical to do that.
It would be unfair if we treated him so badly.
It would be unfortunate if he were to fail.
It would be unfortunate if that happened.
It would be unpleasant to do that.
It would be unsafe to do that by yourself.
It would be unsafe to do that by yourselves.
It would be unsafe to do that.
It would be unseemly to remarry the day after the divorce becomes final.
It would be unwise to do that today.
It would be unwise to do that.
It would be unwise to postpone making a decision.
It would be unwise to postpone the matter.
It would be unwise, not to say stupid, of you to quit your first job after only six months.
It would be useless to try to convince Tom to help us.
It would be very convenient if English were to become everybody's primary language.
It would be very cruel to abandon a pet.
It would be very cruel to belittle someone's effort.
It would be very cruel to betray a friend's trust.
It would be very cruel to compare children harshly.
It would be very cruel to criticize a person’s appearance.
It would be very cruel to dismiss someone’s feelings.
It would be very cruel to do that.
It would be very cruel to ignore a call for help.
It would be very cruel to ignore someone in need.
It would be very cruel to impose unrealistic expectations.
It would be very cruel to laugh at a friend’s misfortune.
It would be very cruel to leave someone out of a group.
It would be very cruel to neglect the elderly.
It would be very cruel to refuse help to those in crisis.
It would be very cruel to spread false rumors.
It would be very cruel to take advantage of a child.
It would be very easy to do that.
It would be very efficient to do that the way Tom suggested.
It would be very expensive.
It would be very funny if obsessed English transphobes broke up the United Kingdom.
It would be very hard for Morocco's regime to survive if it loses the war in Western Sahara.
It would be very insensitive to do that now.
It would be very interesting if, the soonest possible, there would be the possibility to do advanced searches on the Tatoeba database.
It would be very irresponsible to do that.
It would be very logical to do that.
It would be very nice if I could study Bulgarian.
It would be very normal for you to be angry with Tom.
It would be very obnoxious to do that.
It would be very reckless to do that.
It would be very romantic to do that.
It would be very sad, were I to relate all the misery and privations which the poor little duckling endured during the hard winter.
It would be very scary to do that.
It would be very sensible to do that.
It would be very silly to do that.
It would be very unethical to do that.
It would be very unfortunate if that happened.
It would be very useful for me.
It would be virtually impossible to convince Tom to come along with us.
It would be virtually impossible to do that.
It would be wearisome to enumerate the jurists who have subscribed to this theory in one shape or another.
It would be wise for you to do that today.
It would be wise for you to start looking for somewhere else to live.
It would be wise for you to stay home today.
It would be wise for you to take it easy.
It would be wise not to do that.
It would be wise not to let Tom know what your opinion of him is.
It would be wise of you to save money for a rainy day.
It would be wise to change the subject.
It would be wise to consider their offer carefully.
It would be wise to consider what might happen if we did that.
It would be wise to consider what might happen if we do that.
It would be wise to do that again.
It would be wise to do that.
It would be wise to figure out what we should do before it's too late.
It would be wise to find another way to do that.
It would be wise to find out what's going to happen after this.
It would be wise to focus on one problem at a time.
It would be wise to follow Tom's advice.
It would be wise to for you to avoid eating eggs.
It would be wise to get Tom to do that for you.
It would be wise to get a duplicate key made as soon as you can.
It would be wise to get a second opinion.
It would be wise to get there early.
It would be wise to ignore Tom's request.
It would be wise to keep an eye on Tom.
It would be wise to keep an open mind.
It would be wise to keep the receipt.
It would be wise to leave the decision up to Tom.
It would be wise to let Tom do that the way he wants.
It would be wise to listen to Tom's suggestions.
It would be wise to not believe everything that Tom says.
It would be wise to not to accept that deal.
It would be wise to not to carry so much money on you.
It would be wise to not to underestimate Tom.
It would be wise to pay attention to the details.
It would be wise to remember that Tom can't do things as well as the rest of us can.
It would be wise to remember what happened here last year at this time.
It would be wise to slow down.
It would be wise to start looking for a new job.
It would be wise to stay away from Tom today.
It would be wise to take a break.
It would be wise to wait a few days and see what happens.
It would be wise to wait until Tom gets here.
It would be wise to wait until Tom tells us what he thinks before we make a decision.
It would be wiser of you not to see him again.
It would be wonderful if I didn't have to deal with this issue!
It would be wonderful if we could do that together.
It would be wonderful if we could do that.
It would be wonderful if we could travel together.
It would be wonderful if you could do that for me.
It would be wonderful if you could sing at our wedding.
It would be wonderful if you did that for me.
It would be worth a try.
It would be worth trying.
It would be wrong to do that again.
It would be wrong to do that.
It would behoove you to study so you don't fail the test.
It would behove Tom to look after his own kids instead.
It would blow the horns off a goat.
It would break his heart.
It would break if you dropped it.
It would certainly help if you told us everything you knew.
It would change a lot.
It would consist of a biweekly group meeting and 5 hours of independent work between each meeting.
It would cost more to repair this than to get a new one.
It would cost too much.
It would cost twice as much as that.
It would damage the corn.
It would definitely be worth doing that.
It would definitely be worth it.
It would demoralize the opposing team to give it the razz from the spectators' side.
It would demoralize the opposing team to give it the razz from the spectators’ side.
It would do me so much good to get out of here.
It would do you good to get away from here.
It would do you good to hear the truth.
It would do you good.
It would enable them to manipulate Tom.
It would evidently be utterly impracticable to throw the whole traditional nomenclature overboard and create a totally new one.
It would have been better if I hadn't seen you again.
It would have been better if Tom had stayed in Australia.
It would have been better if Tom had stayed in Boston all summer.
It would have been better if Tom had stayed in Boston.
It would have been better if Tom hadn't bought Mary a gun.
It would have been better if Tom hadn't done that.
It would have been better if Tom hadn't married Mary.
It would have been better if this was already arranged.
It would have been better if we hadn't done that.
It would have been better if you came yesterday so that many people would see you!
It would have been better if you had gone to Boston with Tom.
It would have been better if you had gone to sleep immediately.
It would have been better if you had left it unsaid.
It would have been better if you had not gone there.
It would have been better if you had stayed in America.
It would have been better if you had waited yesterday.
It would have been better if you had watched that film in the theater.
It would have been better if you hadn't done that.
It would have been better if you hadn't gone there.
It would have been better if you hadn't said that.
It would have been better if you'd done that yesterday.
It would have been better if you'd never been born.
It would have been better if you'd stayed in Australia.
It would have been better if you'd stayed in Boston.
It would have been better if you'd stayed with Tom.
It would have been better not to say anything.
It would have been better not to say it.
It would have been better, if you had asked him which way to go.
It would have been cheap to do that.
It would have been cheaper to buy a new one.
It would have been crazy to do that.
It would have been dangerous to do that.
It would have been depressing to do that.
It would have been different if we were in Kabylie.
It would have been difficult to do that.
It would have been easy to do that.
It would have been expensive to do that.
It would have been fine without that.
It would have been foolish to do that.
It would have been fun to do that.
It would have been fun.
It would have been funny, though.
It would have been good if I had gotten a recommendation.
It would have been great if we could've done that together.
It would have been great if we could've sung together.
It would have been great if we could've traveled together.
It would have been great if you could've been here for my birthday party.
It would have been great, if you had come to live with me.
It would have been hard to do that.
It would have been impossible to do that.
It would have been interesting if the Philippines had instead opted to officialize Chabacano, instead of Tagalog, as Papua New Guinea had officialized Tok Pisin, an English-based creole. Chabacano (Chavacano) is Philippine Creole Spanish.
It would have been interesting to do that.
It would have been much better if the Spanish hadn't invaded Latin America.
It would have been much better if the Spanish hadn’t invaded Latin America.
It would have been nice if Tom had been here.
It would have been nice if Tom had listened more closely to what was said.
It would have been nice if Tom had listened to what I said more carefully.
It would have been nice if Tom had told us he'd be late.
It would have been nice if you had helped me a little.
It would have been nice if you'd gotten here earlier.
It would have been nice if you'd helped me a little.
It would have been nice if you'd told me earlier.
It would have been perfect if you'd been here.
It would have been possible to do that.
It would have been possible.
It would have been ridiculous to do that.
It would have been risky to do that.
It would have been romantic to do that.
It would have been safe to do that.
It would have been safer to do that the way Tom suggested.
It would have been safer to do that together.
It would have been silly to do that.
It would have been smart to do that.
It would have been so easy.
It would have been stupid to do that.
It would have been the perfect day for a picnic.
It would have been tiring to do that.
It would have been too much trouble for you.
It would have been tough to do that.
It would have been unbearable.
It would have been unethical to do that.
It would have been unfortunate if it had fails.
It would have been unsafe to do that.
It would have been wise to do that.
It would have been wiser not to have done that.
It would have been wiser to leave it unsaid.
It would have been wrong to do that.
It would have probably been better if Tom hadn't done that.
It would have probably been better if Tom hadn't gone to Boston last week.
It would have probably been better if Tom hadn't told Mary that he'd spent three years in prison.
It would have seemed a lot funnier, if it weren't happening to her.
It would have to be something like this: And God will say to me: "You are a failure. What was your mission? Why your laughter?" I will reply "I comforted the slaves who labored." And God will hark, and weep thereafter.
It would help Tom a lot.
It would help if we could talk to Tom.
It would help if we knew who Tom was.
It would help if you did that for us.
It would help if you did that.
It would help if you stopped your complaining.
It would help if you talked to Tom.
It would help if you told us what to do.
It would help if you tried a little harder.
It would help us if you would reserve the following hotel during our conference.
It would hurt too much to lose you.
It would hurt your reputation if you went to the party with Tom.
It would just be a guess.
It would likely be possible for us to do that.
It would likely to be good if you did that.
It would make Tom sad.
It would make a great Christmas present.
It would make me happy if you came.
It would make them rich!
It would matter to me.
It would mean a great deal to me if you would stay.
It would mean a great deal to me.
It would mean a lot to Mary if you helped her learn a little French.
It would mean a lot to Tom and Mary if you helped them learn a little French.
It would mean a lot to Tom if you helped him learn a little French.
It would mean a lot to Tom if you showed up at his party.
It would mean a lot to Ziri.
It would mean a lot to me.
It would mean so much to us if you stayed here.
It would never be OK to do that.
It would never be condoned.
It would never have occurred to me to say anything like that.
It would never have occurred to me.
It would never occur to Tom to keep a confidence if he thought that revealing it might assuage his soap bubble of an ego.
It would not be amiss to ask his views.
It would not be an exaggeration to say that Augustine's thought had an influence not only on Christianity but on the whole of Western thought.
It would not be an exaggeration to say that Augustine’s thought had an influence not only on Christianity but on the whole of Western thought.
It would not be an exaggeration to say that newcomer filmmaker Rian Johnson has created the most riveting yet Star Wars episode, with a thought-provoking tale, stellar performances, great ensemble cast and a plot that is emotionally satisfying without being cliched.
It would not be the first time.
It would of course be cheaper for you to sleep at our place.
It would only be a waste of time.
It would only take 100 or 500 yen coins, so I search for change but don't find any.
It would only take 100 or 500 yen coins, so I search for change but don’t find any.
It would only take a few minutes for you to fill out this questionnaire.
It would only take a few minutes.
It would probably be a good idea not to do that right now.
It would probably be a good idea to do that today.
It would probably be a good idea to do that.
It would probably be a good idea.
It would probably be better if I didn't do that.
It would probably be better if Tom didn't do that.
It would probably be better if we didn't do that.
It would probably be better if you didn't do that.
It would probably be better not to do that.
It would probably be cheaper to do that yourself.
It would probably be dangerous to do that by yourself.
It would probably be depressing to do that by yourself.
It would probably be difficult to do that by yourself.
It would probably be easy to do that by yourself.
It would probably be easy to do that by yourselves.
It would probably be foolish to do that by yourself.
It would probably be hard to do that by yourself.
It would probably be impossible to do that by yourself.
It would probably be interesting to do that by yourself.
It would probably be possible to do that by yourself.
It would probably be ridiculous to do that by yourself.
It would probably be risky to do that by yourself.
It would probably be safe to do that by yourself.
It would probably be safer to go by train.
It would probably be smart to do that by yourself.
It would probably be stupid to do that by yourself.
It would probably be tough to do that by yourself.
It would probably be unsafe to do that by yourself.
It would probably be wise to do that by yourself.
It would probably be wise to do that by yourselves.
It would probably be wise to do that.
It would probably not be interesting to do that by yourself.
It would provoke a saint.
It would rain just when I wanted to go out.
It would really be awesome if you could come.
It would really be helpful if they spoke to me in Japanese, though...
It would seem that the Chinese can't restrain themselves from speaking English with me, even though they know that I speak Chinese and that I'm not English.
It would seem that the Chinese can’t restrain themselves from speaking English with me, even though they know that I speak Chinese and that I’m not English.
It would seem that the weather is improving.
It would seem that you know something that I don't.
It would seem that you know something that I don’t.
It would seem that you were right.
It would seem that you were wrong.
It would seem to be a no-win situation.
It would seem you were right.
It would seem you were wrong.
It would serve no purpose to discuss those schools of Socialism (improperly so called) that do not stand for the abolition of capitalism and wage slavery.
It would surprise me if Tom and Mary do that.
It would surprise me if Tom and Mary don't do that.
It would surprise me if Tom and Mary don't win.
It would surprise me if Tom did that.
It would surprise me if Tom does that.
It would surprise me if Tom doesn't do that.
It would surprise me if Tom doesn't win.
It would surprise me if Tom won.
It would take Ziri forever to get back.
It would take a long time to explain it to you.
It would take a long time to fix this.
It would take a long time to get there by bus.
It would take a long time to tell the whole story.
It would take a lot of time to terraform Mars.
It would take about one hundred years to warm Mars with greenhouse gases.
It would take an insane force to move this box.
It would take at least three hours to do that.
It would take at least three hours to get this done.
It would take at least three hours to paint this room.
It would take forever for me to explain everything.
It would take forever for the cops to get there.
It would take forever to explain everything.
It would take her company years to recover from the PR disaster.
It would take less than three hours by tank from the Russian border across the flat Baltic grasslands and birch forests to reach the Tapa military base in Estonia.
It would take me too much time to explain to you why it's not going to work.
It would take me too much time to explain to you why it’s not going to work.
It would take more time.
It would take our fastest rockets months to get to Mars.
It would take seven months to go from Earth to Mars.
It would take six months to fly to Mars.
It would take some time for me to translate this book.
It would take some time to do that.
It would take time to do that.
It would take too long to explain to you why it won't work.
It would take too long to explain to you.
It would take too long to explain.
It would take too much time to describe the various tortures these people suffered, but Inge's punishment consisted in standing there as a statue, with her foot fastened to the loaf.
It would take us six months to fly to Mars.
It would take us six months to go from Earth to Mars.
It would therefore be advantageous to the state of learning to abolish the study of the dead languages, and to make learning consist, as it originally did, in scientific knowledge.
It would've been a close game if Tom hadn't hit a home run with bases loaded in the ninth inning.
It would've been a nice coat if it weren't for that dandruff.
It would've been a stupid idea to do that.
It would've been awful if you had gotten hit by that truck.
It would've been better if I hadn't asked.
It would've been better if I hadn't done that.
It would've been better if I'd read the instructions properly.
It would've been better if Tom had stayed in Australia all summer.
It would've been better if Tom had stayed in Australia.
It would've been better if Tom had stayed in Boston all summer.
It would've been better if Tom had stayed in Boston.
It would've been better if Tom hadn't bought Mary a gun.
It would've been better if Tom hadn't done that.
It would've been better if Tom hadn't married Mary.
It would've been better if we hadn't done that.
It would've been better if we hadn't gone there.
It would've been better if you had gone to Australia with Tom.
It would've been better if you had gone to Boston with Tom.
It would've been better if you hadn't done that.
It would've been better if you hadn't gone there.
It would've been better if you hadn't said that.
It would've been better if you'd done that yesterday.
It would've been better if you'd stayed in Australia.
It would've been better if you'd stayed in Boston.
It would've been better if you'd stayed with Tom.
It would've been better if you'd told me everything right away.
It would've been better if you'd told me everything straight off.
It would've been better not to say anything.
It would've been cheap to do that.
It would've been cheaper to buy a new one.
It would've been cheaper to take a bus than a taxi.
It would've been cool if we could've done that.
It would've been crazy to do that.
It would've been cruel to laugh.
It would've been dangerous to do that.
It would've been depressing to do that.
It would've been difficult to do that.
It would've been easy to do that.
It would've been expensive to do that.
It would've been foolish to do that.
It would've been fun to do that.
It would've been fun.
It would've been great if we could have done that together.
It would've been great if we could have sung together.
It would've been great if we could have traveled together.
It would've been great if we could've done that together.
It would've been great if we could've done that.
It would've been great if we could've sung together.
It would've been great if we could've traveled together.
It would've been great if you could have been here for my birthday party.
It would've been great if you could've been here for my birthday party.
It would've been hard to do that.
It would've been impossible to do that.
It would've been impossible without your help.
It would've been interesting to do that.
It would've been mean to laugh.
It would've been nice if I had worn another layer.
It would've been nice if Mary had told us she'd be late.
It would've been nice if Tom and Mary had told us they'd be late.
It would've been nice if Tom had been here.
It would've been nice if Tom had listened more closely to what was said.
It would've been nice if Tom had listened to what I said more carefully.
It would've been nice if Tom had told us he'd be late.
It would've been nice if we could've done that.
It would've been nice if you'd gotten here earlier.
It would've been nice if you'd helped me a little.
It would've been nice if you'd told me earlier.
It would've been nice.
It would've been perfect if you'd been here.
It would've been possible to do that.
It would've been possible.
It would've been quite possible for someone to do that.
It would've been reasonable for Tom to have done that.
It would've been ridiculous to do that.
It would've been risky to do that.
It would've been romantic to do that.
It would've been safe to do that.
It would've been safer to do that the way Tom suggested.
It would've been safer to do that together.
It would've been silly to do that.
It would've been smart to do that.
It would've been so easy.
It would've been stupid to do that.
It would've been tiring to do that.
It would've been tough to do that.
It would've been unbearable.
It would've been unethical to do that.
It would've been unsafe to do that.
It would've been wise to do that.
It would've been wiser if you hadn't said that.
It would've been wiser not to have done that.
It would've been wrong to do that.
It would've probably been better if Tom hadn't done that.
It would've probably been better if Tom hadn't gone to Australia last week.
It would've probably been better if Tom hadn't gone to Boston last week.
It would've probably been better if Tom hadn't told Mary that he'd spent three years in prison.
It would've taken me longer to do that than it took Tom to do it.
It would've taken me longer to do that.
It would've taken me longer.
It wouldn't be Spider-Man without a fantastical villain and drama veteran Willem Dafoe fills that spandex suit as the megalomaniac "Green Goblin."
It wouldn't be a bad idea to do that.
It wouldn't be a good idea to do that now.
It wouldn't be a good idea to do that today.
It wouldn't be a good idea to do that.
It wouldn't be a good idea to lend Tom money.
It wouldn't be a good idea to lend money to Tom.
It wouldn't be a good idea to tell Tom that.
It wouldn't be a good idea to tell Tom what really happened.
It wouldn't be a very good idea to do that.
It wouldn't be all that difficult for us to do what Tom wants us to do.
It wouldn't be any fun.
It wouldn't be any trouble to do that for you.
It wouldn't be appropriate for you to do that.
It wouldn't be bad if you come as well.
It wouldn't be courage but folly.
It wouldn't be difficult to do that.
It wouldn't be easy for us to do that.
It wouldn't be easy to do that now.
It wouldn't be easy to do that.
It wouldn't be ethical to do that.
It wouldn't be fair to Tom.
It wouldn't be fair to her.
It wouldn't be fair to him.
It wouldn't be fair to them.
It wouldn't be fair to you.
It wouldn't be fair.
It wouldn't be good if that happened.
It wouldn't be hard for Elias to figure out that Sandra reported him.
It wouldn't be hard to do that.
It wouldn't be helpful to do that now.
It wouldn't be like Amelia to leave the bar with a guy without saying anything.
It wouldn't be much fun to do that.
It wouldn't be my first choice, but it'd be fine.
It wouldn't be my first choice.
It wouldn't be nice to do that.
It wouldn't be odd for him to get a good score on the exam.
It wouldn't be polite to refuse to accept their gift.
It wouldn't be possible to do that in just three hours.
It wouldn't be proper.
It wouldn't be prudent.
It wouldn't be right for me to let you copy my work.
It wouldn't be safe to do that now.
It wouldn't be safe to go there by yourself.
It wouldn't be simple to do that.
It wouldn't be so serious if Tom hadn't lost everything.
It wouldn't be the first time it happened.
It wouldn't be the first time that happened.
It wouldn't be the first time that has happened.
It wouldn't be the first time that it happened.
It wouldn't be the first time that that has happened.
It wouldn't be the first time that's happened.
It wouldn't be the first time you get good grades on your test.
It wouldn't be the first time.
It wouldn't be the same without you.
It wouldn't be too bad getting away from Donald.
It wouldn't be too difficult.
It wouldn't be too hard to design a new website for you.
It wouldn't be very difficult for us to do that.
It wouldn't be very nice to do that to Tom.
It wouldn't be wise to do that today.
It wouldn't be wise to do that.
It wouldn't be wise to ignore Tom completely.
It wouldn't be wise to ignore Tom.
It wouldn't be wise to postpone things.
It wouldn't bother me if you did that.
It wouldn't cost much.
It wouldn't do any good if you did that.
It wouldn't do any good to complain about it now.
It wouldn't do any good to do that.
It wouldn't harm a fly.
It wouldn't have been able to have been done.
It wouldn't have been easy to do that.
It wouldn't have been possible without your help.
It wouldn't have been safe to do that.
It wouldn't have been smart to do that.
It wouldn't have been unusual.
It wouldn't have happened if you had done what I told you.
It wouldn't have happened without Tom.
It wouldn't have happened without you.
It wouldn't have made any difference.
It wouldn't have mattered anyway.
It wouldn't have mattered.
It wouldn't have worked, even if you had tried.
It wouldn't help.
It wouldn't hurt a fly.
It wouldn't hurt if you smiled a little once in a while.
It wouldn't hurt to do that.
It wouldn't hurt to phone.
It wouldn't hurt to ring.
It wouldn't hurt to smile.
It wouldn't hurt to step outside for a minute just to get some fresh air.
It wouldn't hurt to tell Tom.
It wouldn't hurt to tell her.
It wouldn't hurt to tell him.
It wouldn't hurt to tell me.
It wouldn't hurt to tell them.
It wouldn't hurt to tell us.
It wouldn't hurt you to do that.
It wouldn't hurt you to learn the rules a bit yourself.
It wouldn't hurt you to learn the rules yourself.
It wouldn't hurt you to learn the rules yourselves.
It wouldn't hurt you to read this.
It wouldn't hurt you to sit still for a second.
It wouldn't hurt you to smile.
It wouldn't hurt you to try not looking so glum all the time.
It wouldn't hurt.
It wouldn't kill you to be nice to me.
It wouldn't last.
It wouldn't make any difference anyway.
It wouldn't make any difference.
It wouldn't matter to me.
It wouldn't matter.
It wouldn't surprise me if Tom and Mary don't come.
It wouldn't surprise me if Tom and Mary got married.
It wouldn't surprise me if Tom did that.
It wouldn't surprise me if Tom didn't do that.
It wouldn't surprise me if Tom didn't show up.
It wouldn't surprise me if Tom doesn't come.
It wouldn't surprise me if that happened.
It wouldn't surprise me if we had the same bag!
It wouldn't surprise me if we saw Tom there.
It wouldn't surprise me if we saw a rainbow today in this weather.
It wouldn't surprise me.
It wouldn't take a U.S. billing address.
It wouldn't take all that long to explain.
It wouldn't take long for us to do that.
It wouldn't take long.
It wouldn't take me so much time to do that.
It wouldn't take much time.
It wouldn't take so much time for me to do that.
It wouldn't take so much time for you to do that.
It wouldn't take that long.
It wouldn't take that much time.
It wouldn't take too long to do that.
It wouldn't take you very much time to do that.
It wouldn't work.
It wouldn’t be too hard to design a new website for you.
It wouldn’t have been able to have been done.
It wouldn’t hurt!
It wriggles like a worm.
It writhes like a worm.
It'd be a disaster.
It'd be a good idea to answer that call.
It'd be a good idea to tell Tom in advance.
It'd be a lot more convincing if it came from you.
It'd be a pity to give up now.
It'd be a pleasure to be a godmother to your son!
It'd be a shame for this food to go to waste.
It'd be a shame to let all of this food go to waste.
It'd be a shame to see all that work go to waste.
It'd be about time to reply to his letter.
It'd be an honour for me to speak to them.
It'd be an honour for me.
It'd be awesome if there was a Japanese edition.
It'd be bad.
It'd be best if a few more female singers could come.
It'd be best if we started again from scratch.
It'd be best if you gave me back my knife.
It'd be best if you went home now.
It'd be best to think about the problem from a child's perspective.
It'd be better if I left.
It'd be better if I went to bed now.
It'd be better if that happened later.
It'd be better if the third paragraph were removed.
It'd be better if we didn't do that.
It'd be better if we didn't talk about Tom.
It'd be better if we heard it from the horse's mouth.
It'd be better if we weren't here.
It'd be better if you did it right away.
It'd be better if you didn't associate with men like that.
It'd be better if you didn't come today.
It'd be better if you didn't say anything.
It'd be better if you didn't see my grandpa today.
It'd be better if you left immediately.
It'd be better if you paid more attention.
It'd be better if you said nothing.
It'd be better if you said nowt.
It'd be better if you stayed where you are.
It'd be better if you took him to the vet's.
It'd be better if you took him to the vet.
It'd be better if you went straight away.
It'd be better if you went to bed right away.
It'd be better if you would come with me.
It'd be better not to go out.
It'd be better not to go there.
It'd be better not to say anything about this to anyone.
It'd be better not to say anything to Tom about this.
It'd be better not to stay up too late.
It'd be better not to take any chances.
It'd be better not to talk about that here.
It'd be better to avoid Tom today.
It'd be better to avoid her now, because she's violent.
It'd be better to die than live a life like that.
It'd be better to go to sleep.
It'd be better to hear it from the horse's mouth.
It'd be better to leave before it starts raining.
It'd be better to take him to a vet.
It'd be better to think about the problem from a child's point of view.
It'd be brilliant if there was a Japanese edition.
It'd be brilliant if there were a Japanese edition.
It'd be cool if we could win.
It'd be cool to be able to speak a language from another planet.
It'd be difficult to do that.
It'd be easy to do that.
It'd be extremely helpful.
It'd be fantastic if happiness was all we felt.
It'd be foolish to do that.
It'd be good if it wouldn't rain tomorrow.
It'd be good if you came alone?
It'd be good if you could come with us.
It'd be good if you phoned us on Sunday.
It'd be good if you rang us on Sunday.
It'd be good to finish the job today.
It'd be good to finish the work today.
It'd be good.
It'd be great if joy was the only emotion we felt.
It'd be great if there were a Japanese edition.
It'd be great if you could pick up some bread before you come home.
It'd be hard to do that.
It'd be illegal.
It'd be impossible.
It'd be murder.
It'd be nice if happiness was our only experience.
It'd be nice if he came.
It'd be nice if it didn't rain tomorrow.
It'd be nice if that were true.
It'd be nice if tomorrow never came.
It'd be nice if we had curry for dinner tonight.
It'd be nice if you could sing.
It'd be nice not to have to worry about money.
It'd be perfect if happiness was our only state.
It'd be safer to do it my way.
It'd be safer to do that my way.
It'd be safer to do that the way Tom does it.
It'd be safer to do that the way Tom suggested.
It'd be so nice if we could just trust our news to give us the facts and tell us what we need to know, wouldn’t it?
It'd be stupid to put things off.
It'd be the normal thing to do for Fadil.
It'd be too late.
It'd be treason.
It'd be very convenient if we could censor this kind of comment.
It'd be very cruel to deny someone their dreams.
It'd be very cruel to mock a person for their mistakes.
It'd be wicked if there was a Japanese edition.
It'd better work.
It'd definitely be worth it to expand on your idea.
It'd hardly stopped raining when the ground froze.
It'd kill you.
It'd look good.
It'd make sense.
It'd probably be better if I went alone.
It'd take too long to explain to you why it won't work.
It'll actually be faster to walk there than to drive.
It'll add to the same thing.
It'll all be over in a few days.
It'll all be over soon.
It'll all be ready tomorrow morning.
It'll all become clear.
It'll all come out in the wash.
It'll all work out as long as you keep me awake a few more minutes.
It'll all work out in the end.
It'll also help create jobs.
It'll arrive in Chicago at 6:30.
It'll arrive soon.
It'll arrive there early this evening.
It'll be Christmas before we know it.
It'll be Christmas soon.
It'll be OK as long as no one finds out about it.
It'll be OK as long as nobody finds out about it.
It'll be OK.
It'll be a big challenge.
It'll be a big day.
It'll be a big flop.
It'll be a big occasion.
It'll be a blow to Tom.
It'll be a busy day.
It'll be a challenge for him.
It'll be a challenge to get this done before winter.
It'll be a challenge.
It'll be a challenging day today.
It'll be a costly venture.
It'll be a couple of months.
It'll be a difficult day for me.
It'll be a difficult decision.
It'll be a difficult match.
It'll be a fun challenge.
It'll be a fun weekend.
It'll be a good day.
It'll be a good experience for Tom.
It'll be a good lesson for Tom.
It'll be a great experience.
It'll be a hard game, that's for certain.
It'll be a hot day.
It'll be a little cramped.
It'll be a little different.
It'll be a long day.
It'll be a long journey.
It'll be a long night.
It'll be a long ordeal.
It'll be a long time before I can afford to buy a house.
It'll be a long time before I come back here again.
It'll be a long time before I try doing that again.
It'll be a long time before she gets over her father's death.
It'll be a long trip.
It'll be a long wait.
It'll be a long weekend.
It'll be a long winter.
It'll be a lot more fun if you're there.
It'll be a lot more fun together.
It'll be a masterpiece!
It'll be a nice day.
It'll be a pity if he fails.
It'll be a pleasure.
It'll be a pretty close game.
It'll be a real satisfaction to see that poor child wearing something decent for once.
It'll be a start.
It'll be a stretch for me.
It'll be a struggle.
It'll be a sunny day.
It'll be a surprise!
It'll be a three-hour bus ride.
It'll be a tough match.
It'll be a very difficult game.
It'll be a very difficult match.
It'll be a waste of time if we wait for them any longer.
It'll be a waste of time spending any more time trying to solve this problem.
It'll be a while before this is ready.
It'll be a while before we can do that.
It'll be a while before you can walk again.
It'll be a while before you can walk.
It'll be a while until Tom and I are ready.
It'll be a while until we're ready.
It'll be a wonderful adventure.
It'll be after dark by the time we land in Boston.
It'll be all right.
It'll be almost impossible to do that.
It'll be almost impossible to get this plan approved.
It'll be alright.
It'll be an impossible task.
It'll be an interesting game.
It'll be arriving early.
It'll be as easy as pie.
It'll be awesome.
It'll be back.
It'll be bad.
It'll be beautiful.
It'll be better from now on.
It'll be better in two or three days.
It'll be better next time.
It'll be better than before.
It'll be better.
It'll be boring if I don't do something.
It'll be breakfast time soon.
It'll be chaos.
It'll be cheap to do that.
It'll be cheaper in the long run to use real leather.
It'll be cheaper to go by train.
It'll be cheaper to go there by bus than to go there by train.
It'll be cheaper to go there by bus.
It'll be cloudy tomorrow.
It'll be cloudy.
It'll be cold next week.
It'll be cold this evening.
It'll be cold tomorrow.
It'll be cold tonight.
It'll be cold.
It'll be colder tomorrow.
It'll be cool tonight.
It'll be cool.
It'll be cooler tomorrow.
It'll be cooler tonight.
It'll be crowded everywhere today.
It'll be crowded everywhere.
It'll be crowded later.
It'll be dangerous to do it that way.
It'll be dangerous to do that.
It'll be dangerous.
It'll be dark by the time I get home.
It'll be dark by the time Tom and Mary get there.
It'll be dark by the time Tom gets there.
It'll be dark by the time we get home.
It'll be dark by the time we get there.
It'll be dark by the time we get to Boston.
It'll be dark in a few hours.
It'll be dark in an hour.
It'll be dark soon.
It'll be dear.
It'll be delivered tomorrow morning.
It'll be depressing to do that.
It'll be different now.
It'll be different this time.
It'll be different, for sure.
It'll be different.
It'll be difficult but not impossible.
It'll be difficult for Tom to do that.
It'll be difficult for Tom to win.
It'll be difficult for me to do that.
It'll be difficult for me to get there by 2:30.
It'll be difficult for me to sing this song in that key.
It'll be difficult for them to work together.
It'll be difficult for us to do that.
It'll be difficult for you to do that.
It'll be difficult to complete this report by Monday.
It'll be difficult to convince Tom to do that.
It'll be difficult to convince Tom to help us clean the garage.
It'll be difficult to convince Tom.
It'll be difficult to decide what to do.
It'll be difficult to determine what caused the problem.
It'll be difficult to do that by yourself.
It'll be difficult to do that by yourselves.
It'll be difficult to do that now.
It'll be difficult to do that that way.
It'll be difficult to do that with your arm in a sling.
It'll be difficult to do that.
It'll be difficult to explain this.
It'll be difficult to figure out what caused the problem.
It'll be difficult to find Tom.
It'll be difficult to find a job now.
It'll be difficult to find a replacement for Tom.
It'll be difficult to find a replacement.
It'll be difficult to find somebody to do that for you.
It'll be difficult to find someone to replace Tom.
It'll be difficult to finish doing this today.
It'll be difficult to get Tom to change his mind.
It'll be difficult to get them to give us a discount.
It'll be difficult to glue the two pieces together.
It'll be difficult to reach Tom.
It'll be difficult to repair.
It'll be difficult to replace Tom.
It'll be difficult to win.
It'll be difficult, but I'll try.
It'll be difficult, but not impossible.
It'll be difficult.
It'll be done by the time you get here.
It'll be done by tomorrow evening.
It'll be done in two minutes.
It'll be done on Monday.
It'll be done.
It'll be dreadfully hot.
It'll be dry soon.
It'll be dry.
It'll be easier for all of us.
It'll be easier for me to do since I have better equipment.
It'll be easier for me to do since I have the right tools for the job.
It'll be easier for me to do since I have the right tools.
It'll be easier for me to do that than for you to do that.
It'll be easier if I just do it myself.
It'll be easier if we do that together.
It'll be easier if you and I do that together.
It'll be easier later.
It'll be easier this year.
It'll be easier to do that than you think.
It'll be easier to do that yourself than to try to convince Tom to do it.
It'll be easy for Tom to do that.
It'll be easy for me to do that.
It'll be easy for us to do that.
It'll be easy for you to do that.
It'll be easy for you.
It'll be easy to do that.
It'll be easy to do this.
It'll be easy to find a renter for this house.
It'll be easy to find somebody to do that.
It'll be easy to find someone to do that for you.
It'll be easy to find someone to do that.
It'll be easy to find someone to rent this house.
It'll be easy to finish this job by Monday.
It'll be easy to finish this job by Tuesday.
It'll be easy.
It'll be entertaining, if nothing else.
It'll be even colder tomorrow.
It'll be even hotter tomorrow.
It'll be exciting.
It'll be expensive to do that.
It'll be expensive.
It'll be fair.
It'll be fall soon.
It'll be faster and easier to do this the way Tom suggested.
It'll be faster and easier to do this the way that Tom suggested.
It'll be faster if we do it the way Tom suggested.
It'll be faster to go by subway.
It'll be fine this afternoon.
It'll be fine tomorrow, too.
It'll be fine tomorrow.
It'll be fine, Tom. It's just a storm.
It'll be fine, don't be afraid!
It'll be fine, you can do it! Trust yourself! You are already a splendid swimmer!
It'll be fine.
It'll be fine. I know you have what it takes.
It'll be finished by the time you get here.
It'll be finished in a day or two.
It'll be finished in a minute.
It'll be finished in a moment.
It'll be forgotten in a few months' time.
It'll be fun to do that.
It'll be fun to have somebody to play with.
It'll be fun to see Tom again.
It'll be fun to visit Australia.
It'll be fun to visit Boston.
It'll be fun.
It'll be funny.
It'll be gone soon.
It'll be good for everybody.
It'll be good if Tom and Mary come here today.
It'll be good if Tom comes here today.
It'll be good if you do that.
It'll be good to get home.
It'll be good to see everyone.
It'll be good.
It'll be great to be back in Australia.
It'll be great to be back in Boston.
It'll be great.
It'll be handled.
It'll be hard for Tom to accept that.
It'll be hard for Tom to do that.
It'll be hard for Tom to win.
It'll be hard for me to do that.
It'll be hard for me to get there by 2:30.
It'll be hard for me to wake you up.
It'll be hard for them to work together.
It'll be hard for us to work together.
It'll be hard for you to do that.
It'll be hard for you to speak French.
It'll be hard to convince Tom not to do that.
It'll be hard to convince Tom to do that.
It'll be hard to convince Tom to go with us.
It'll be hard to convince Tom to help us.
It'll be hard to convince Tom to help.
It'll be hard to convince Tom to sell his house.
It'll be hard to convince Tom to sell that horse.
It'll be hard to convince Tom to sing.
It'll be hard to convince Tom.
It'll be hard to convince her.
It'll be hard to convince him.
It'll be hard to convince them.
It'll be hard to decide what to do.
It'll be hard to determine what caused the problem.
It'll be hard to do that by yourself.
It'll be hard to do that now.
It'll be hard to do that that way.
It'll be hard to do that with your arm in a sling.
It'll be hard to do that.
It'll be hard to explain.
It'll be hard to figure out what caused the problem.
It'll be hard to find Tom.
It'll be hard to find a good job.
It'll be hard to find a good plumber who's willing to come to your house in the middle of the night.
It'll be hard to find a good vocalist who isn't already working with another band.
It'll be hard to find a place to rent in this area.
It'll be hard to find a replacement for Tom.
It'll be hard to find a replacement for him.
It'll be hard to find a replacement.
It'll be hard to find someone to do that for you.
It'll be hard to find someone to do that.
It'll be hard to find someone to replace Tom.
It'll be hard to find the time to do that.
It'll be hard to find the time.
It'll be hard to forget you.
It'll be hard to get Tom to change his mind.
It'll be hard to get her back.
It'll be hard to keep Tom here.
It'll be hard to persuade Tom.
It'll be hard to persuade her.
It'll be hard to persuade him.
It'll be hard to persuade them.
It'll be hard to replace Tom.
It'll be hard to stay here much longer.
It'll be hard work.
It'll be hard, but we're going to win!
It'll be hard.
It'll be harder for me to get things done if Tom is here.
It'll be harder than you think.
It'll be helpful.
It'll be here before long.
It'll be here within three hours.
It'll be hilarious.
It'll be hit or miss.
It'll be hot tomorrow.
It'll be hot.
It'll be hotter tomorrow.
It'll be huge.
It'll be impossible for Tom to do that tomorrow.
It'll be impossible for me to do that.
It'll be impossible for me to finish my term paper by tomorrow.
It'll be impossible for us to catch up with Tom now.
It'll be impossible for us to do that.
It'll be impossible for you to do that.
It'll be impossible for you.
It'll be impossible to beat that team.
It'll be impossible to cross the border undetected.
It'll be impossible to do that, don't you think?
It'll be impossible to do that.
It'll be impossible to get a visa at short notice.
It'll be impossible to get a visa on short notice.
It'll be impossible to go back there.
It'll be impossible to remove this stain.
It'll be interesting for sure.
It'll be interesting to do that.
It'll be interesting to see if Tom keeps his promise.
It'll be interesting to see if Tom really does that.
It'll be interesting to see if Tom really does what he says he'll do.
It'll be interesting to see if Tom really keeps his promise.
It'll be interesting to see if she keeps her promise.
It'll be interesting to see whether or not you're right.
It'll be interesting.
It'll be invisible.
It'll be known sooner or later.
It'll be last orders in ten minutes.
It'll be last orders in ten minutes. I'll go and get another round in.
It'll be light soon.
It'll be like a vacation.
It'll be like that.
It'll be lots of fun.
It'll be mine.
It'll be more dangerous to do that way.
It'll be more difficult than you think.
It'll be more for you.
It'll be more fun if we do it together.
It'll be more fun if we do that together.
It'll be more fun if we eat together.
It'll be more fun if we sing together.
It'll be more fun if we travel together.
It'll be more fun to do that together.
It'll be more fun together.
It'll be much better next time.
It'll be much better next year.
It'll be much more fun if you're there.
It'll be much more fun to do this if we do it together.
It'll be my birthday soon.
It'll be necessary for you to wait.
It'll be necessary to come back here tomorrow.
It'll be necessary to come back.
It'll be necessary to do that.
It'll be necessary to start all over from the beginning.
It'll be next to impossible to do that.
It'll be nice to see everyone again.
It'll be nice to see our friends again.
It'll be nice to see some people.
It'll be nice.
It'll be nighttime in two hours and you won't be able to see anything.
It'll be no picnic.
It'll be no problem for us to do that.
It'll be no problem to reschedule the appointment.
It'll be no problem.
It'll be okay.
It'll be on Monday night.
It'll be on me.
It'll be opening time, time I get down there.
It'll be our little secret.
It'll be our secret.
It'll be our turn soon enough.
It'll be over in a minute.
It'll be over in a moment.
It'll be over soon.
It'll be over tomorrow.
It'll be painful.
It'll be painless.
It'll be partly cloudy.
It'll be possible to do that.
It'll be prettier when it's done.
It'll be pretty hard to raise that much money.
It'll be quicker to walk than to take a taxi.
It'll be quite hot.
It'll be raining at this time tomorrow.
It'll be raining soon; look at those dark clouds.
It'll be rather difficult for Tom.
It'll be rather difficult for us to do that.
It'll be ready by six this evening.
It'll be ready by the time it'll be needed.
It'll be ready in a jiffy.
It'll be ready right away.
It'll be ready soon.
It'll be ready tomorrow.
It'll be ready.
It'll be really fun.
It'll be really hot.
It'll be really lonely without you.
It'll be really sad to leave this place.
It'll be risky to do that.
It'll be risky.
It'll be romantic.
It'll be safe here.
It'll be safer here.
It'll be safer to do it Tom's way.
It'll be safer to do it this way.
It'll be safer to stay right here.
It'll be safer.
It'll be scary.
It'll be snowing in Boston now.
It'll be snowing tomorrow.
It'll be some time before Tom and Mary get here.
It'll be some time before Tom gets here.
It'll be some time before we can fix that.
It'll be some time before we fix that.
It'll be some time before we'll be able to fix that.
It'll be something that you'll enjoy.
It'll be something you'll enjoy.
It'll be special.
It'll be spring soon.
It'll be summer soon in Antarctica, won't it?
It'll be summer soon.
It'll be summer vacation pretty soon.
It'll be summer vacation soon.
It'll be sunny tomorrow afternoon.
It'll be sunny tomorrow.
It'll be sunny.
It'll be that way.
It'll be the opposite.
It'll be therapeutic.
It'll be there.
It'll be thirty degrees again today.
It'll be three months before our house is finished.
It'll be three weeks before I see you again.
It'll be tiring to do that.
It'll be tonight.
It'll be too cold to do that.
It'll be too cold to swim.
It'll be too dangerous to try doing that.
It'll be too late then.
It'll be tough to do that.
It'll be tough.
It'll be tricky.
It'll be trouble if he comes back.
It'll be turning colder over the next few days.
It'll be two weeks before you receive the article.
It'll be up soon.
It'll be us three: you, me, and Anne.
It'll be useful for file organization.
It'll be useless to stand against them.
It'll be very difficult for you.
It'll be very difficult to do that.
It'll be very difficult to explain.
It'll be very difficult to get there on time.
It'll be very difficult to impress Tom.
It'll be very difficult to prove that Tom is guilty.
It'll be very easy to do that.
It'll be very hard to do that.
It'll be very hard to impress Tom.
It'll be very hard.
It'll be very hot tomorrow.
It'll be very hot.
It'll be very tough.
It'll be very, very hot.
It'll be warmer next week.
It'll be warmer tomorrow.
It'll be windy tomorrow.
It'll be winter before long.
It'll be winter soon.
It'll be wonderful.
It'll be worse tomorrow.
It'll be worth it.
It'll be worth your time to read this book.
It'll be worthless.
It'll become an annoyance sooner or later.
It'll become irritating sooner or later.
It'll become much warmer in March.
It'll bloom in two or three days.
It'll blow your mind.
It'll break.
It'll burn.
It'll catch up to you.
It'll cause me problems if you do that.
It'll cause trouble.
It'll certainly be fun.
It'll cheer you up.
It'll clear up in the afternoon.
It'll clear up soon.
It'll clear up.
It'll come all right in the end.
It'll come back to you.
It'll come in handy.
It'll come out sooner or later.
It'll come right in the end.
It'll come to me.
It'll come to you.
It'll confuse him.
It'll cool down tonight.
It'll cost $300 to fix it.
It'll cost a lot of money.
It'll cost a lot to fix this.
It'll cost a lot to repair this damage.
It'll cost about 10,000 yen.
It'll cost about 2,000 yen to fix it.
It'll cost about 2,000 yen to repair it.
It'll cost about thirty dollars to repair it.
It'll cost around ten thousand yen.
It'll cost around thirty dollars.
It'll cost around three hundred dollars.
It'll cost at least 2,000 yen to take a taxi.
It'll cost at least a hundred pesos.
It'll cost at least five dollars.
It'll cost me my job.
It'll cost more than ten thousand yen.
It'll cost more than thirty dollars.
It'll cost over a thousand yen.
It'll cost some 10,000 yen.
It'll cost thirty dollars.
It'll cost two hundred dollars.
It'll cost us a lot of money to do that.
It'll cost us a lot of money to put a new roof on our house.
It'll cost you 2,000 pesetas.
It'll cost you 45 cents.
It'll cost you a fortune to buy the kind of house you want.
It'll cost you a lot to furnish your apartment.
It'll cost you more to fix it than to it would cost you to buy a new one.
It'll cost you more to go by plane.
It'll cost you thirty dollars.
It'll cost you three hundred dollars to fly to that island.
It'll cost you.
It'll cure itself naturally.
It'll definitely be better next time.
It'll definitely cost us a lot of money to do that.
It'll definitely rain.
It'll depend on the context.
It'll disappear in a fortnight.
It'll do harm to you to sit up late every night.
It'll do me good to walk.
It'll do no harm to drink a little whisky.
It'll do you good to go on holiday.
It'll do you good to take some time off.
It'll do you good.
It'll do you no good.
It'll do you no harm.
It'll end badly.
It'll end in tears.
It'll fall.
It'll get better brick by brick.
It'll get better.
It'll get cold.
It'll get dark soon.
It'll get fixed.
It'll get hot here soon.
It'll get rid of your pain in no time.
It'll get warm soon.
It'll get warmer soon.
It'll get worse before it gets better.
It'll get worse.
It'll go away by itself in two weeks.
It'll go away of its own accord after a fortnight.
It'll go away on its own after a couple of weeks.
It'll go away on its own after two weeks.
It'll go away on its own in two weeks.
It'll go away.
It'll go fine; don't be afraid!
It'll go well.
It'll grow back.
It'll grow old.
It'll grow.
It'll happen again if we don't correct it.
It'll happen again if you aren't careful.
It'll happen again.
It'll happen quite quickly.
It'll happen soon.
It'll happen sooner or later.
It'll happen to you, too.
It'll happen tonight.
It'll happen very soon.
It'll happen, I'm sure of it.
It'll happen, but it won't happen this week.
It'll happen, but just not anytime soon.
It'll happen.
It'll have to be done by force.
It'll have to be done forcibly.
It'll have to be done over again.
It'll have to be done sooner or later, you know.
It'll have to be done sooner or later.
It'll have to be done tomorrow.
It'll have to do.
It'll have to wait till tomorrow.
It'll have to wait until tomorrow.
It'll have to wait.
It'll heal.
It'll help in the long run.
It'll help indirectly.
It'll help you save energy.
It'll help you sleep.
It'll hurt a little, but not much.
It'll just be a minute.
It'll just be a moment.
It'll just be a second.
It'll just be our little secret, OK?
It'll just be you and me.
It'll just give people the wrong idea.
It'll just take a few more minutes.
It'll just take a minute.
It'll just take a moment.
It'll just take a second.
It'll just take about three minutes.
It'll just take some time.
It'll just take three minutes.
It'll just take three seconds.
It'll keep us together.
It'll last for a while.
It'll last ten minutes at most.
It'll likely be done on Monday.
It'll likely be easier to sell your house for the price you want if you wait for three months.
It'll likely be more fun than you think it'll be.
It'll likely take more than thirty minutes to do that.
It'll make Tom very happy.
It'll make a difference.
It'll make sense later.
It'll make sense when you're older.
It'll make your hair stand on end.
It'll most likely rain today.
It'll most likely snow tomorrow.
It'll most probably be done on Monday.
It'll need to be configured.
It'll never be over.
It'll never be stopped.
It'll never be the same.
It'll never become popular.
It'll never catch on.
It'll never change.
It'll never end.
It'll never get done unless you do it yourself.
It'll never get done.
It'll never happen again.
It'll never happen again. I swear.
It'll never happen.
It'll never last.
It'll never work between us that way.
It'll never work.
It'll no doubt rain.
It'll only be a matter of time before life on other planets will be discovered.
It'll only cost five euros, at most.
It'll only get better.
It'll only get worse.
It'll only happen if we let it happen.
It'll only hurt a little.
It'll only make matters worse.
It'll only make things worse.
It'll only take a couple of minutes.
It'll only take a few minutes.
It'll only take a minute of your time.
It'll only take a minute.
It'll only take a second, I promise.
It'll only take a second.
It'll only take thirty minutes to do that.
It'll only take three minutes.
It'll only take you a moment.
It'll only take you about three days to do that.
It'll only take you about three hours to do that.
It'll only take you two years to become a registered nurse.
It'll open your eyes.
It'll pass in a few days.
It'll pass soon.
It'll pay off later on.
It'll probably be Tom who comes.
It'll probably be a waste of time.
It'll probably be a while.
It'll probably be almost impossible to do that.
It'll probably be boring to do that.
It'll probably be cheap for you to do that.
It'll probably be cheap to do that.
It'll probably be cold today.
It'll probably be dangerous for Tom to do that.
It'll probably be dangerous for you to do that.
It'll probably be dangerous to do that.
It'll probably be depressing to do that.
It'll probably be difficult for Tom to do that.
It'll probably be difficult for Tom to win.
It'll probably be difficult for you to do that.
It'll probably be difficult to do that.
It'll probably be easier for everyone if we don't tell Mary until after we shut the life support down.
It'll probably be easy for Tom to do that.
It'll probably be easy for Tom to win.
It'll probably be easy for you to do that.
It'll probably be easy to do that.
It'll probably be expensive to do that.
It'll probably be faster to walk given the amount of traffic there is at this time of day.
It'll probably be fun to do that.
It'll probably be hard for Tom to do that.
It'll probably be hard for Tom to win.
It'll probably be hard for you to do that.
It'll probably be hard to do that.
It'll probably be impossible for Tom to do that by himself.
It'll probably be impossible for Tom to do that.
It'll probably be impossible for you to do that by yourself.
It'll probably be impossible for you to do that.
It'll probably be impossible to do that.
It'll probably be interesting for Tom to do that.
It'll probably be interesting for you to do that.
It'll probably be interesting to do that.
It'll probably be more fun than you think.
It'll probably be possible for Tom to do that.
It'll probably be possible for you to do that.
It'll probably be possible to do that.
It'll probably be raining all afternoon.
It'll probably be raining all day.
It'll probably be risky for Tom to do that.
It'll probably be risky for you to do that.
It'll probably be safe for Tom to do that.
It'll probably be safe for you to do that.
It'll probably be safe to do that.
It'll probably be tiring to do that.
It'll probably be tough for Tom to do that.
It'll probably be tough for Tom to win.
It'll probably be tough for you to do that.
It'll probably be tough to do that.
It'll probably be unsafe to do that.
It'll probably go up to three.
It'll probably rain after lunch.
It'll probably rain in the afternoon.
It'll probably rain soon.
It'll probably rain this afternoon.
It'll probably rain today.
It'll probably rain tomorrow.
It'll probably rain until Sunday.
It'll probably rain.
It'll probably snow tomorrow.
It'll probably snow.
It'll probably start raining soon.
It'll probably start to rain soon.
It'll probably take us an hour or two to do that.
It'll probably take you about 10 minutes to solve this problem.
It'll probably take you about three hours to do that.
It'll probably take you about three hours to read this book.
It'll probably take you more than three hours to finish doing that.
It'll probably take you several hours to do that.
It'll put hair on your chest!
It'll rain again this afternoon.
It'll rain any minute now.
It'll rain any minute.
It'll rain for sure.
It'll rain in the afternoon.
It'll rain soon.
It'll rain today, for sure.
It'll rain tomorrow, so I won't be going out.
It'll rain tomorrow.
It'll rain tonight, so grab a brolly.
It'll rain tonight.
It'll rain until Sunday.
It'll ready in just a moment.
It'll ruin everything.
It'll ruin us all.
It'll save time if we avoid Park Street.
It'll save time if we cut across the field.
It'll save time.
It'll serve him right if he fails the exam; he doesn't study at all.
It'll show the picture to its best advantage if it's hung in the corridor.
It'll snow in the country.
It'll snow this weekend.
It'll snow today.
It'll snow tomorrow.
It'll soon be Christmas again.
It'll soon be Christmas.
It'll soon be October.
It'll soon be Valentine's Day.
It'll soon be a year that Tom and Jane have known one another.
It'll soon be breakfast time.
It'll soon be dark.
It'll soon be dawn.
It'll soon be her birthday.
It'll soon be his birthday.
It'll soon be lunch time.
It'll soon be lunchtime.
It'll soon be possible for us to do that.
It'll soon be six o'clock.
It'll soon be spring.
It'll soon be sunset.
It'll soon be ten years that she'll have been married to him.
It'll soon be the rainy season.
It'll soon be three o'clock.
It'll soon be time for breakfast.
It'll soon be time for dinner.
It'll soon be time for lunch.
It'll soon be time to do that.
It'll soon be time to leave.
It'll soon be time to pick the cherries.
It'll soon be too dark to see.
It'll soon be winter, so I'm taking warm things from the top compartments of the wardrobe and putting them somewhere further down.
It'll soon clear up.
It'll start raining soon.
It'll still be good.
It'll still work.
It'll stop raining before long.
It'll stop raining soon.
It'll stop snowing soon, I think.
It'll stop snowing sooner or later.
It'll surely rain today.
It'll take Mary three hours to finish what she's doing.
It'll take Tom a couple of hours to get here.
It'll take Tom a long time to do that.
It'll take Tom a long time to finish doing this.
It'll take Tom and Mary three hours to finish what they're doing.
It'll take Tom long time to do that.
It'll take Tom longer to do that than it'll take Mary.
It'll take Tom some time, but eventually he'll get over Mary.
It'll take Tom three hours to finish what he's doing.
It'll take a day or two.
It'll take a few days to break in these shoes.
It'll take a few minutes.
It'll take a few seconds.
It'll take a little prodding before you can get him to agree to do it.
It'll take a little time to get used to doing this.
It'll take a little time to get used to wearing glasses.
It'll take a long time for me to finish this.
It'll take a long time to clean this mess up.
It'll take a long time to clean up this mess.
It'll take a long time to do everything that needs to be done.
It'll take a long time to do that.
It'll take a long time to finish doing this.
It'll take a long time to finish it.
It'll take a long time.
It'll take a lot for Mary to get used to prison life.
It'll take a lot of money to build that kind of wall.
It'll take a lot of money to do that.
It'll take a lot of money to fix this.
It'll take a lot of time to do that.
It'll take a lot of time to finish doing that.
It'll take a lot of work to do that.
It'll take a lot of work.
It'll take a week or so to read this book.
It'll take a week or so to read through this book.
It'll take a while for the cement to dry.
It'll take a while for this rash to go away.
It'll take a while to do that.
It'll take a while to figure it out.
It'll take a while to go away.
It'll take about 3 weeks and 30 gallons of paint.
It'll take about 30 minutes to reach shore.
It'll take about a week to straighten out my affairs.
It'll take about an hour.
It'll take about thirty minutes to do that.
It'll take about thirty minutes to get there.
It'll take about thirty minutes to get to the airport from here.
It'll take about thirty minutes to get to the airport.
It'll take about thirty minutes to get to the station by taxi.
It'll take about three days to do that.
It'll take about three hours by bus to get there.
It'll take about three hours to do that.
It'll take about three hours to get there by car.
It'll take about three hours.
It'll take all afternoon and maybe more.
It'll take an hour to get there.
It'll take approximately three hours.
It'll take as long as it takes.
It'll take at least a month to finish doing this.
It'll take at least a year for the court to reach a decision.
It'll take at least a year to finish this project.
It'll take at least an hour to get there.
It'll take at least an hour.
It'll take at least another hour to finish writing this report.
It'll take at least one hour to get there.
It'll take at least one hour to go there.
It'll take at least one more hour to finish writing this report.
It'll take at least ten minutes.
It'll take at least thirty minutes longer.
It'll take at least three hours.
It'll take at least three weeks to do that.
It'll take at least three weeks to finish doing this.
It'll take care of itself.
It'll take courage to drink that.
It'll take eight minutes to cook these noodles.
It'll take forever to clean up this mess.
It'll take forever to do that.
It'll take forever!
It'll take him two days to finish this work.
It'll take hours.
It'll take less than an hour to do that.
It'll take longer than ten minutes.
It'll take longer than you expect.
It'll take longer to get there by train than by bus.
It'll take longer to tell you how to do it than to just go ahead and do it myself.
It'll take longer to tell you how to do that than to just go ahead and do it myself.
It'll take lot of time.
It'll take me 20 minutes to get to the station by taxi.
It'll take me a day to do that.
It'll take me a good three hours to do that.
It'll take me a long time to clean this mess up.
It'll take me a long time to clean up this mess.
It'll take me a long time to do all the things I want to do.
It'll take me a long time to do that.
It'll take me a long time to explain it.
It'll take me a long time to finish reading that book.
It'll take me a long time to get over my cold.
It'll take me a long time to get over this cold.
It'll take me a long time to read all those books.
It'll take me a long to do that.
It'll take me a long while.
It'll take me a while to get used to living here.
It'll take me about 20 minutes to get to the station by taxi.
It'll take me about three hours to do that.
It'll take me about three minutes.
It'll take me all afternoon to do this.
It'll take me all day to do that.
It'll take me all day to finish this.
It'll take me all day.
It'll take me at least three hours to do my homework tonight.
It'll take me at least three hours to do that.
It'll take me at least three weeks to do that.
It'll take me at least three weeks to finish doing this.
It'll take me just a bit longer.
It'll take me more than three hours to finish doing this.
It'll take me quite a few hours to do that.
It'll take me several hours to do that.
It'll take me several hours to get this done.
It'll take me some time to find out where he lives.
It'll take me that long to get ready.
It'll take me three minutes to get ready.
It'll take months.
It'll take no less than one hour to go there.
It'll take not less than one hour to go there.
It'll take one or two days.
It'll take several hours for this paint to dry.
It'll take several hours to finish this.
It'll take several months to finish this.
It'll take some getting used to.
It'll take some time for the water to boil, so in the meantime, let's get these dishes over with!
It'll take some time to finish unloading the truck.
It'll take some time to get used to living here.
It'll take some time to get used to this.
It'll take some time to get used to wearing a wig.
It'll take some time to shovel all the snow off the roof.
It'll take some time until we have enough money to buy a new tractor.
It'll take some time, but I think I'll be able to learn how to play the guitar.
It'll take some time, but I think we can patch things up.
It'll take some time, but eventually Tom will be able to walk again.
It'll take some time, but eventually we'll be able to rebuild.
It'll take some time.
It'll take some trial and error.
It'll take the bone a month or so to set completely.
It'll take them quite a few hours to do that.
It'll take three hours by bus to get there.
It'll take three hours by bus.
It'll take three hours to finish these repairs.
It'll take three hours to get there by bus.
It'll take three hours to get there.
It'll take three hours to make the changes.
It'll take three hours, tops.
It'll take three months to do this.
It'll take time to clean up this mess.
It'll take time to do that.
It'll take time to get everything ready.
It'll take time to get that done.
It'll take time to work through that.
It'll take time.
It'll take too long to explain.
It'll take too long.
It'll take too much time for Tom to get here.
It'll take too much time to explain.
It'll take two hours to get there by bus.
It'll take us a long time to clean this mess up.
It'll take us a long time to clean up this mess.
It'll take us a long time to do that.
It'll take us a long time to finish doing this.
It'll take us a long time to finish this job.
It'll take us a while to analyze this data.
It'll take us a while to get ready.
It'll take us a while to get this done.
It'll take us about thirty minutes to get there.
It'll take us about thirty more minutes to get there.
It'll take us at least three hours to do that.
It'll take us at least three hours to finish this.
It'll take us at least three weeks to do that.
It'll take us at least three weeks to finish doing this.
It'll take us awhile.
It'll take us hours to finish this.
It'll take us longer to do that than you think it will.
It'll take us more than a day to do that.
It'll take us quite a few hours to do that.
It'll take us several weeks to finish this job.
It'll take us three hours or more to do that.
It'll take us three, maybe four weeks at the most.
It'll take weeks, if not months, to plan the ceremony you desire.
It'll take years before that's finished.
It'll take you a couple of hours to do that.
It'll take you a few weeks to get used to wearing a wig.
It'll take you a long time to do that.
It'll take you a lot longer to do that than you think it will.
It'll take you about thirty minutes to walk to the station.
It'll take you about three hours to do that.
It'll take you an hour to walk to the station.
It'll take you at least three days to do that.
It'll take you at least three days to finish this job.
It'll take you at least three hours to do that.
It'll take you days to finish this job.
It'll take you longer to do that than you think it will.
It'll take you longer to do that than you think.
It'll take you too long.
It'll trigger a domino effect.
It'll turn colder over the next few days.
It'll turn off by itself.
It'll turn out fine. Don't be afraid.
It'll turn up.
It'll wear off soon.
It'll work fine.
It'll work for sure.
It'll work if I reverse the polarity.
It'll work itself out in time.
It'll work like a charm.
It'll work next time.
It'll work now.
It'll work out, I'm sure of it!
It'll work out.
It'll work.
It's "segue", not "segway".
It's 'cause I miss him.
It's 10 a.m.
It's 10 o'clock, do you know where your children are?
It's 10.52.
It's 10:09.
It's 10:20 a.m..
It's 10:20 p.m.
It's 10:20.
It's 11 a.m.
It's 11 o'clock. The children must go to bed. They have school tomorrow.
It's 15 minutes from here to the campus.
It's 1630 hours.
It's 18:15.
It's 18th June today, and also Muiriel's birthday!
It's 1am; time to go home.
It's 2 A.M. and I'm high. High on life, that is. I don't do drugs.
It's 2:00 p.m.
It's 2:30 by my watch.
It's 2:30 in Boston now.
It's 2:30 now.
It's 2:30 on a Monday.
It's 2:30 right now.
It's 2:30, so I assume Tom and Mary are already at home.
It's 2:30, so I assume Tom is already at home.
It's 2:30, so I assume that Tom is already at home.
It's 2:30.
It's 3.20.
It's 3.30.
It's 30 metres long.
It's 300 kilometers to Boston.
It's 300 miles from here to Boston.
It's 3:10.
It's 3:30.
It's 4.15.
It's 4.30 in the afternoon.
It's 4.30 pm.
It's 4.45.
It's 4:00 pm in Algiers.
It's 4:20.
It's 4:30 in the afternoon.
It's 5 something.
It's 50 yen.
It's 5:00 a.m. here in Brazil.
It's 6.20.
It's 6.30 a.m. Get up! A new day is dawning.
It's 6.45.
It's 6:15pm.
It's 6:45.
It's 7.45.
It's 7.50.
It's 7:30 now. I must fly.
It's 7:45.
It's 7:50 in the morning.
It's 7:50.
It's 8 P.M.
It's 8 o'clock, so I think you need to leave for school right away.
It's 8.00 p.m.
It's 8:00 p.m.
It's 8:30.
It's 9.15.
It's 99.9% effective.
It's 9:15.
It's AI, look at the number of fingers.
It's Algeria who benefits from that.
It's American.
It's Anna's house.
It's April 5, 2004 as I write this.
It's April already; why is it still so cold?
It's April first.
It's April here in Algeria.
It's April.
It's Aramaic.
It's August.
It's Baba's voice.
It's Baltic.
It's Berber but I don't understand what it means.
It's Berber.
It's Caturday.
It's Chinese food.
It's Chinese to me.
It's Christmas Eve tomorrow.
It's Christmas time.
It's Christmas!
It's Christmas, and the sun is shining brilliantly.
It's Christmas, so it's family time. But let's play when I have time.
It's Christmas.
It's Claudine's house.
It's Cookie's birthday.
It's Cuba.
It's Day 3 of Project Wildcard, and over half our members already ditched us.
It's December.
It's Doctor Dupont who has healed my cat so well.
It's Egyptian food.
It's Elul.
It's English.
It's February.
It's French.
It's Friday at last.
It's Friday so I don't have to get up for school tomorrow.
It's Friday so I don't have to get up for work tomorrow.
It's Friday today.
It's Friday! Time to get drunk.
It's Friday, I'm in love.
It's Friday, and so we have to perform our prayers.
It's Friday.
It's Friday; I'm done.
It's GPS tracking.
It's Germany's highest mountain.
It's Gina's bag.
It's God's prasad.
It's God's prasada.
It's God's prasadam.
It's God's way of punishing Yanni.
It's Greek to me.
It's Halloween, Tom.
It's Halloween.
It's Hanukkah weed. One nug lasted for eight days in the vaporizer.
It's Hobson's choice.
It's January already.
It's January now. Naturally, it snows.
It's January.
It's Jayjay who won the competition.
It's Jim the magician.
It's John who likes beer.
It's John's apple.
It's July.
It's June and the ivy is starting to blossom.
It's June.
It's Kabyle people who contribute the most sentences in French.
It's Kabylity that gives courage and consistency to the Berbers.
It's London.
It's Lucy that brings me here, and before harm comes on her I guess there will be one less o' the Hope family in Utah.
It's March.
It's Mary's turn to wash the dishes.
It's Mary. What is she doing out here?
It's May.
It's Mennad's turn this time.
It's Mennad's turn.
It's Mennad, not Menand, and he's Algerian, not Indian.
It's Mobility Week!
It's Mom who is sitting next to Dad.
It's Monday and it's sunny.
It's Monday morning.
It's Monday night.
It's Monday that I'll do that.
It's Monday that you're leaving, isn't it?
It's Monday today and it will be Tuesday tomorrow.
It's Monday today.
It's Monday tomorrow so Ken might come.
It's Monday tomorrow.
It's Monday, you know.
It's Monday.
It's Mother's Day today.
It's Mt. Rushmore.
It's Murphy's law.
It's National Book Week.
It's New Year's Eve, and she can't wait for the festivities to begin.
It's New Year's Eve.
It's November right now and the heathers are still blooming.
It's November.
It's OK as long as it doesn't get windy.
It's OK by me.
It's OK for a man to cry.
It's OK for boys to cry.
It's OK for men to cry.
It's OK for someone to think that you're an asshole.
It's OK for you to be here.
It's OK for you to borrow my bicycle this morning, but I need to use it myself this afternoon.
It's OK for you to use my desk.
It's OK if I don't do that, isn't it?
It's OK if Yukiko can do the Tuesday, Thursday and Friday shifts from tomorrow.
It's OK if some people think you're an asshole.
It's OK if the teacher makes fun of you.
It's OK if the teacher ridicules you.
It's OK if you do that before I do.
It's OK if you do that.
It's OK if you don't do it today.
It's OK if you don't do that.
It's OK if you just do that a little.
It's OK if you're late. Just make sure that you show up.
It's OK if you're late. Just make sure you show up.
It's OK not to eat it.
It's OK now.
It's OK now. Don't worry. You can depend on me one hundred percent.
It's OK to admit it.
It's OK to admit you're wrong.
It's OK to ask for help.
It's OK to ask hard questions.
It's OK to ask questions.
It's OK to be afraid.
It's OK to be crazy.
It's OK to be different.
It's OK to be disappointed.
It's OK to be expensive. It's an issue of feeling.
It's OK to be fat.
It's OK to be gay, kids.
It's OK to be gay.
It's OK to be irritated from time to time.
It's OK to be mad at someone who hurt you.
It's OK to be old.
It's OK to be queer.
It's OK to be scared, Tom.
It's OK to be shy.
It's OK to be tall. It's an issue of feeling.
It's OK to be trans, kids.
It's OK to be weird.
It's OK to be wrong.
It's OK to be yourself.
It's OK to change the plan.
It's OK to compare some people to Hitler.
It's OK to cry when you need to.
It's OK to cry when you're sad.
It's OK to cry.
It's OK to do that if you can do it without annoying others.
It's OK to do that on next Monday instead.
It's OK to do that, isn't it?
It's OK to eat couscous without meat.
It's OK to eat the rest of the cake if you want.
It's OK to fight back when someone hurts you.
It's OK to get angry with God. He can take it.
It's OK to go.
It's OK to grieve.
It's OK to handwash these towels.
It's OK to have doubts.
It's OK to have up to three absences.
It's OK to indulge, just don't over indulge.
It's OK to keep asking questions.
It's OK to keep doing that.
It's OK to keep that if you want it.
It's OK to laugh.
It's OK to leave comments anonymously.
It's OK to leave early.
It's OK to leave the baby to cry on occasion.
It's OK to leave the room now.
It's OK to let your children see you cry.
It's OK to lie to authority figures.
It's OK to make a couple of mistakes.
It's OK to make a mistake.
It's OK to make mistakes.
It's OK to raise your hand and ask a question.
It's OK to raise your voice and make your stance.
It's OK to sleep here if you want to.
It's OK to take a picture from outside.
It's OK to take a picture from the outside.
It's OK to take it easy sometimes.
It's OK to think of 'five minutes' as a noun phrase, right?
It's OK to try again.
It's OK to want attention.
It's OK with me if Tom watches television after he finishes his homework.
It's OK with me if it's OK with you.
It's OK with me if we barbecue, but I don't like it when smoke gets in my eyes.
It's OK with me if you do that.
It's OK with me if you take that book.
It's OK with me.
It's OK!
It's OK, Dan. Just go home.
It's OK, I'm invincible.
It's OK, Tom.
It's OK, Tom. It's only me.
It's OK, Tom. It's over.
It's OK, Tom. You're safe now.
It's OK, but I think you can do it better.
It's OK, don't worry.
It's OK, isn't it?
It's OK, thanks.
It's OK, that doesn't count.
It's OK.
It's OK. Don't worry.
It's OK. I understand.
It's OK. I've got this.
It's OK. You're safe now.
It's OK; I got this.
It's OK; I'm not going to hurt you.
It's OK; I've got this.
It's October 20th.
It's October already.
It's October now.
It's October the third.
It's October the twentieth.
It's October.
It's Pi Day.
It's Ramadan right now.
It's Ramadan.
It's Reagan's fault.
It's Ron!
It's Sami that's causing all the trouble around here.
It's Sami who's the boss here.
It's Sarah's apple.
It's Satan!
It's Saturday and all the best shows are on.
It's Saturday night.
It's Saturday so I don't have to get up for school tomorrow.
It's Saturday so I don't have to get up for work tomorrow.
It's Saturday today.
It's Saturday.
It's Saturday. You needn't have woken me up.
It's Sentence Day today.
It's September.
It's Slovenian, not Slovak.
It's Spain that they are going to on holiday.
It's Summer, the flowers are here.
It's Sunday today.
It's Sunday.
It's Sunday. He can't have gone to school.
It's THAT good?!
It's Taco Tuesday.
It's Tatoeba.
It's Thanksgiving, and that means we're going to feast on turkey.
It's Thanksgiving.
It's Thursday and Friday, retard.
It's Thursday and the bin lorry will be coming today.
It's Thursday today.
It's Thursday.
It's Tokyo.
It's Tom I don't trust.
It's Tom I have a problem with.
It's Tom I want to go to Australia with.
It's Tom I want to go to Boston with.
It's Tom I want to meet.
It's Tom I want to see.
It's Tom I want to talk to.
It's Tom Mary wants to see.
It's Tom Mary wants to talk to.
It's Tom again.
It's Tom and Mary who are the problem.
It's Tom and Mary who need convincing.
It's Tom and Mary's anniversary.
It's Tom and Mary's wedding anniversary today.
It's Tom calling from Boston.
It's Tom on the phone.
It's Tom she wants to see.
It's Tom that I want to go to Australia with.
It's Tom that I want to go to Boston with.
It's Tom that I want to see.
It's Tom that I want to talk to.
It's Tom that Mary wants to see.
It's Tom that Mary wants to talk to.
It's Tom that wants to see you.
It's Tom that you want to see.
It's Tom they want to see.
It's Tom who can't speak French, not me.
It's Tom who deserves credit.
It's Tom who does that, not Mary.
It's Tom who needs convincing.
It's Tom who should be nervous.
It's Tom who will lose.
It's Tom who you want to see.
It's Tom who's the boss here.
It's Tom who's the boss.
It's Tom who's the problem.
It's Tom who's the traitor.
It's Tom whom you want to see.
It's Tom you should be angry with.
It's Tom you should be yelling at.
It's Tom you want to see.
It's Tom's 30th birthday tomorrow.
It's Tom's Christmas present.
It's Tom's and my fault.
It's Tom's and my horse.
It's Tom's and my job.
It's Tom's and my money.
It's Tom's anniversary.
It's Tom's attitude that worries me.
It's Tom's birthday next week.
It's Tom's birthday today!
It's Tom's birthday today.
It's Tom's birthday tomorrow and I haven't bought him a present yet.
It's Tom's birthday tomorrow.
It's Tom's birthday.
It's Tom's book.
It's Tom's brother's birthday today?
It's Tom's car.
It's Tom's choice.
It's Tom's day off.
It's Tom's decision.
It's Tom's dream to live in the mountains.
It's Tom's duty to take care of his parents.
It's Tom's duty to take care of them.
It's Tom's duty.
It's Tom's fault that Mary is crying.
It's Tom's fault! He made me do it.
It's Tom's fault, not Mary's.
It's Tom's fault, not mine.
It's Tom's fault.
It's Tom's favorite French word.
It's Tom's favorite.
It's Tom's favourite.
It's Tom's fight.
It's Tom's first day at school.
It's Tom's first time here.
It's Tom's first time in Australia.
It's Tom's first time.
It's Tom's flashlight.
It's Tom's group.
It's Tom's handwriting.
It's Tom's house.
It's Tom's idea of a joke.
It's Tom's idea.
It's Tom's job to keep them from doing that.
It's Tom's job to stop them from doing that.
It's Tom's job to stop them.
It's Tom's job to take out the garbage.
It's Tom's job.
It's Tom's masterpiece.
It's Tom's move.
It's Tom's office.
It's Tom's only chance.
It's Tom's own fault.
It's Tom's party tonight and I haven't got anything to wear!
It's Tom's phone.
It's Tom's problem now.
It's Tom's problem, not mine.
It's Tom's problem.
It's Tom's profile.
It's Tom's responsibility to protect his children.
It's Tom's thirtieth birthday tomorrow.
It's Tom's turn next.
It's Tom's turn now.
It's Tom's turn to deal the cards.
It's Tom's turn to deal with this.
It's Tom's turn to help wash the dishes.
It's Tom's turn to pay.
It's Tom's turn to play.
It's Tom's turn to speak.
It's Tom's turn to take out the garbage.
It's Tom's turn to take the garbage out.
It's Tom's turn to talk.
It's Tom's turn to wash the dishes.
It's Tom's turn.
It's Tom's voice.
It's Tom's word against Mary's.
It's Tom's, isn't it?
It's Tom's.
It's Tom, isn't it?
It's Tom, right?
It's Tom.
It's Tom. What's he doing out here?
It's Tony.
It's Tuesday today.
It's Tuesday tomorrow.
It's Tuesday.
It's Turkish.
It's Valentine's Day.
It's Vladimir who set up the yurt.
It's Wednesday today, isn't it?
It's Wednesday, not Tuesday.
It's Wednesday.
It's Yanni again.
It's Yanni's apartment and he's the one who pays the rent for it.
It's Yanni's turn to compete.
It's Yanni's turn.
It's Ying Li.
It's Ziri's birthday party.
It's Ziri's birthday.
It's Ziri's day off.
It's Ziri's favorite trail.
It's Ziri's job.
It's Ziri's life.
It's Ziri's shift.
It's Ziri's turn.
It's a $600,000 microscope, don't just plonk it down like a farmer tossing sacks on a truck.
It's a 6 foot deep pool.
It's a British accent.
It's a Canadian company.
It's a Chinese company.
It's a Chinese fan.
It's a Chinese name.
It's a Christian name.
It's a Cuban cigar.
It's a Finno-Ugric language.
It's a French book.
It's a French movie with English subtitles.
It's a French movie.
It's a French name.
It's a French restaurant, but nobody there speaks French.
It's a French speciality.
It's a French word.
It's a Gen Z word for "awesome."
It's a German name.
It's a Germanic name.
It's a Germanic word.
It's a Great Dane.
It's a Greek name.
It's a Greek word.
It's a Halloween costume.
It's a Halloween party.
It's a Halloween pumpkin.
It's a Hindi film.
It's a Hindi movie.
It's a Hindu name.
It's a Hungarian name.
It's a Japanese car.
It's a Japanese dog.
It's a Japanese film.
It's a Japanese name.
It's a Kabyle maxim.
It's a Kabyle proverb.
It's a Kabyle saying.
It's a Kabyle symbol.
It's a Korean name.
It's a Labrador retriever.
It's a Latin word.
It's a London thing.
It's a Muslim name.
It's a Polish name.
It's a Portuguese name.
It's a Portuguese-Korean dictionary.
It's a Roman name.
It's a Romance word.
It's a Romanian name.
It's a Russian name.
It's a Saxon village.
It's a Scandinavian name.
It's a Scottish name.
It's a Serbian name.
It's a Slavic name.
It's a Slavic word.
It's a Spanish book.
It's a Spanish name.
It's a TV.
It's a Thai name.
It's a Vietnamese name.
It's a Welsh name.
It's a baby.
It's a bad addiction and I need to quit for good.
It's a bad disease.
It's a bad example.
It's a bad habit.
It's a bad idea to do that.
It's a bad idea to go near the beehive!
It's a bad idea to run seven miles after having been sedentary for the last two weeks.
It's a bad idea, but it might work.
It's a bad idea.
It's a bad investment.
It's a bad neighborhood.
It's a bad omen.
It's a bad plan.
It's a bad policy if you ask me.
It's a bad problem.
It's a bad sign when a business is constantly in crisis management mode.
It's a bad sign.
It's a bad situation.
It's a bad song.
It's a bad storm.
It's a bad time right now.
It's a bad time to be impulsive.
It's a bad time to sell.
It's a bad time.
It's a bad translation.
It's a bad way of looking at it.
It's a badge of honor.
It's a bag.
It's a band of two musicians: one accordionist and one violinist.
It's a bank holiday here today.
It's a banner.
It's a bargain!
It's a bargain.
It's a basic human emotion.
It's a basic human right.
It's a basic skill that you have to have.
It's a bat.
It's a battle for survival.
It's a bear.
It's a bearish market now.
It's a beautiful T-shirt.
It's a beautiful autumn afternoon.
It's a beautiful autumn day in the north-east.
It's a beautiful country.
It's a beautiful day for a hike, isn't it?
It's a beautiful day for tennis.
It's a beautiful day here in Boston.
It's a beautiful day in Poland!
It's a beautiful day in boston today.
It's a beautiful day in the fall.
It's a beautiful day outside right now.
It's a beautiful day outside.
It's a beautiful day!
It's a beautiful day, isn't it?
It's a beautiful day.
It's a beautiful fabric.
It's a beautiful fall day.
It's a beautiful flag.
It's a beautiful flower.
It's a beautiful house that you have there. Did you buy it or build it yourself?
It's a beautiful house. The problem is that it's tiny.
It's a beautiful job.
It's a beautiful language.
It's a beautiful life.
It's a beautiful location.
It's a beautiful morning here in Boston.
It's a beautiful night for a swim, don't you think?
It's a beautiful night, isn't it?
It's a beautiful old medieval town!
It's a beautiful painting.
It's a beautiful picture.
It's a beautiful place.
It's a beautiful poem.
It's a beautiful rug.
It's a beautiful song.
It's a beautiful spot.
It's a beautiful spring day here in Boston.
It's a beautiful story.
It's a beautiful sunset, isn't it?
It's a beautiful sword.
It's a beautiful thing.
It's a beautifully designed boat.
It's a bed where carrots are planted.
It's a bee.
It's a belladonna.
It's a bet.
It's a bet. Nothing more.
It's a better line than when you used to call me from the university.
It's a big achievement.
It's a big animal.
It's a big blessing to have a child.
It's a big boat.
It's a big challenge.
It's a big city.
It's a big company.
It's a big concern.
It's a big country, Tom.
It's a big country.
It's a big day.
It's a big deal for me.
It's a big deal to Tom, I think.
It's a big deal to Tom.
It's a big deal to me.
It's a big deal to us.
It's a big deal.
It's a big decision.
It's a big dog.
It's a big fluffy cat.
It's a big furry cat.
It's a big hospital.
It's a big house.
It's a big job.
It's a big nail.
It's a big one.
It's a big problem.
It's a big responsibility.
It's a big room.
It's a big step backward.
It's a big step.
It's a big stuffed crocodile.
It's a big thing to hope for.
It's a big tree.
It's a big universe.
It's a big waste of time.
It's a big win for me.
It's a big world out there, nothing is strange.
It's a big world out there.
It's a big world.
It's a bigger profit than I anticipated.
It's a biggish chair, but it'll just barely fit through the doorway.
It's a bike pump.
It's a billion dollars in today's money.
It's a binary world; the computer might be his paradigm. And many engineers seem to aspire to be binary people within in.
It's a bingeworthy series.
It's a birch tree.
It's a bird.
It's a bit alarming.
It's a bit awkward.
It's a bit chilly.
It's a bit cliquey here, isn't it?
It's a bit cold today.
It's a bit cold, but it probably isn't worth putting the heater on yet.
It's a bit cold, though.
It's a bit crowded here.
It's a bit crowded in here.
It's a bit difficult for me to come up with a new password.
It's a bit discolored.
It's a bit early to be drinking, isn't it?
It's a bit early to celebrate.
It's a bit expensive.
It's a bit extreme.
It's a bit far to walk there from here.
It's a bit far.
It's a bit flimsy.
It's a bit further away.
It's a bit further down this road.
It's a bit further on up this road.
It's a bit further way.
It's a bit greasy.
It's a bit intimidating.
It's a bit late for that now.
It's a bit late.
It's a bit like that.
It's a bit more complicated than that.
It's a bit much to expect me to pay the bill.
It's a bit much.
It's a bit noisy, but otherwise it's a nice apartment.
It's a bit of a hike from here.
It's a bit of a joke.
It's a bit of a pain to get everything set up the first time.
It's a bit of a problem.
It's a bit of a sore point.
It's a bit pricey.
It's a bit rude to stab a stranger in the leg, don't you think?
It's a bit scary moving to a new place.
It's a bit silly, don't you think?
It's a bit slow, can you wait for a bit?
It's a bit small for me.
It's a bit small.
It's a bit soon for this to be happening.
It's a bit strange as far as I'm concerned.
It's a bit strange to me.
It's a bit stuffy in here.
It's a bit technical.
It's a bit tight.
It's a bit too complicated for me.
It's a bit too dear for me.
It's a bit too early to gloat.
It's a bit too expensive for me.
It's a bit too late for praying.
It's a bit too much.
It's a bit tricky.
It's a bit unclear how long it takes poly-styrene based products like Styrofoam to decompose.
It's a bit warm in here, isn't it?
It's a bit warm.
It's a bit warmer today than usual.
It's a bit weak example.
It's a bit wobbly.
It's a bit worrying.
It's a bitter pill to swallow.
It's a black cat.
It's a black hole.
It's a black tie event.
It's a black-and-white picture.
It's a blackbird.
It's a blackout.
It's a blanket she will weave.
It's a blatant misuse of public money.
It's a blatant misuse of tax dollars.
It's a blessing for me to be Muslim.
It's a blessing in disguise.
It's a blessing to be a Muslim.
It's a blessing, too.
It's a blessing.
It's a blood orange.
It's a bolt from the blue.
It's a bomb.
It's a bomb?
It's a book I'd recommend to everyone to read.
It's a book about the Baroque.
It's a book for children.
It's a book of essays.
It's a book of incredible imaginative power.
It's a book of poetry.
It's a book on animals.
It's a book on computer logic.
It's a book on health.
It's a book that discusses stars.
It's a book written for high school students.
It's a book.
It's a bookstore with an old-fashioned feel, but their anti-shoplifting measures get more high tech year after year.
It's a borderline case.
It's a boring little place in the middle of nowhere.
It's a boring word.
It's a bot.
It's a botch job.
It's a bottle of water.
It's a bottle.
It's a bottomless glass.
It's a bottomless pit.
It's a bottomless stomach!
It's a bowl of fruit.
It's a boy.
It's a boys' club.
It's a brain-teaser.
It's a branch of linguistics.
It's a brand new day.
It's a brand-new product.
It's a brave new world.
It's a breakup.
It's a breezy Tuesday afternoon in Scunthorpe.
It's a brick wall.
It's a bright, beautiful day outside.
It's a brilliant move.
It's a brothel.
It's a bug.
It's a bull.
It's a bullshit.
It's a bunch of nonsense.
It's a bunch of tripe.
It's a bundle of contradictions.
It's a busy day here.
It's a busy place!
It's a cake.
It's a calculated risk.
It's a calque.
It's a cancer and it's growing.
It's a car that I bought in Derry yesterday.
It's a car that I bought.
It's a car.
It's a cargo ship.
It's a casus belli.
It's a cat, and an orange one at that.
It's a cat, and moreover an orange one.
It's a cat.
It's a catastrophe!
It's a catch.
It's a catchy song.
It's a cause for celebration.
It's a cause worth fighting for.
It's a cautionary tale.
It's a celebration.
It's a cellar spider.
It's a cellphone.
It's a century-old tradition involving carnival rides, live local music, and plenty of food.
It's a chain restaurant called Panera Bread. This location is near Addison, Texas.
It's a chair.
It's a challenge for us.
It's a challenge to myself.
It's a challenge.
It's a challenging time.
It's a chance for all of us to do something good.
It's a chance that we've got to take.
It's a chance we've got to take.
It's a change for the worse.
It's a cheap car.
It's a cheap knock-off.
It's a cheap monitor.
It's a cheap restaurant.
It's a cheapie.
It's a chemical reaction.
It's a chemistry fundamentals class.
It's a chick thing.
It's a chicken egg.
It's a chicken-and-egg problem.
It's a child that is eating meat.
It's a child that is eating the meat.
It's a childish act.
It's a childish game.
It's a chilly morning.
It's a chore, but I have no other choice.
It's a cinch to learn to swim.
It's a cinch.
It's a city in Australia.
It's a city in the middle of nowhere.
It's a claim that's got nothing to do with the facts.
It's a classic "he said, she said."
It's a classic Nigerian 419 scam.
It's a classic Nigerian booby-trap.
It's a classic case of sibling rivalry.
It's a classic comment of yours.
It's a classic commuter town, even during the day there are few people around.
It's a classic.
It's a clear day.
It's a clever marketing gimmick.
It's a cliche, but it's true.
It's a cliché to say the left is dogmatic, but the left works very hard for that reputation every day.
It's a cloak-and-dagger operation.
It's a closely guarded secret.
It's a cloudy day in Algiers.
It's a cloudy day.
It's a clue.
It's a co-worker.
It's a cockroach.
It's a coin.
It's a coincidence.
It's a cold day in Cairo.
It's a cold day, isn't it?
It's a cold day.
It's a cold morning.
It's a collateral casualty.
It's a collector's item in mint condition.
It's a collector's item.
It's a comb.
It's a combination of life being unpredictable, and you being super dumb.
It's a comedy movie.
It's a comedy show.
It's a comfortable armchair.
It's a common French expression.
It's a common courtesy.
It's a common experience.
It's a common expression.
It's a common idiom.
It's a common misconception.
It's a common mistake.
It's a common name.
It's a common sense approach.
It's a common symptom.
It's a common vice.
It's a commonly-used technique.
It's a comparison of setting the white balance to "auto" versus presetting it with white copy paper.
It's a complete disaster!
It's a complete disaster.
It's a complete joke.
It's a complete mess, and it's getting on my nerves.
It's a complete mess.
It's a complete mystery what caused the accident.
It's a complete redesign.
It's a complete sham.
It's a complete waste of time.
It's a completely different situation now.
It's a completely false equivalency.
It's a completely normal phenomenon.
It's a completely pointless undertaking.
It's a completely private affair.
It's a completely senseless venture.
It's a completely unconscious desire.
It's a complex algorithm.
It's a complex concept, I don't know if you can understand.
It's a complex issue.
It's a complex problem.
It's a complex question.
It's a complicated language.
It's a complicated matter.
It's a complicated problem.
It's a complicated question to answer.
It's a complicated question.
It's a complicated story.
It's a complicated subject.
It's a complicated thing for so many reasons.
It's a complicated transaction.
It's a complicated world.
It's a compliment.
It's a computer.
It's a concrete bridge, but several places along its length have collapsed.
It's a confidential matter.
It's a conspiracy of epic proportions.
It's a conspiracy.
It's a contagious disease.
It's a convenient lie for the powerful.
It's a cool bag. We take it with us on picnics.
It's a cool bag; we take it with us on picnics.
It's a cool place.
It's a coordinated effort by the entire far right.
It's a cop.
It's a copy.
It's a copybook.
It's a corner of paradise on earth.
It's a cost of doing business.
It's a countable noun.
It's a country full of colors and ways of life.
It's a country which has many faiths.
It's a coup.
It's a couple expecting a breakup.
It's a couple of kilometres from here.
It's a cow.
It's a crab.
It's a crane fly.
It's a crazy idea.
It's a crazy market.
It's a crazy world out there.
It's a crime actually.
It's a crime against humanity.
It's a crime against nature.
It's a crime film.
It's a crime the way he treats his children.
It's a crime to do that.
It's a crime to let your talent go to waste.
It's a crime.
It's a crisp November morning.
It's a critical fact.
It's a critical situation.
It's a critical step that will help us stay ahead of our competitors in the market.
It's a critical time in my life.
It's a crow's nest.
It's a crucial stage.
It's a cruel world for a centrist.
It's a cruel world out there.
It's a cruel world.
It's a cry for help.
It's a crying shame that people don't want to see the problem.
It's a crying shame that they weren't insured against fire.
It's a crying shame.
It's a cube.
It's a cult.
It's a cultural thing.
It's a cup without a saucer.
It's a curious coincidence.
It's a curse.
It's a custom job.
It's a custom to celebrate Christmas.
It's a custom to have turkey at Thanksgiving.
It's a cute shopping mall full of great restaurants and bars.
It's a daddy long legs.
It's a damn fine day today.
It's a dangerous and insidious animal.
It's a dangerous country.
It's a dangerous game you're playing.
It's a dangerous game.
It's a dangerous situation.
It's a dangerous time.
It's a dangerous toy.
It's a dangerous world.
It's a dark olive green.
It's a dark, cold, moonless night.
It's a database of voices that gets used for speech recognition.
It's a date.
It's a dated spelling.
It's a daunting agenda.
It's a dawah organization based in New York.
It's a day like any other.
It's a daydream attack.
It's a dead cinch.
It's a dead end.
It's a dead give-away.
It's a dead giveaway.
It's a dead language.
It's a dead parrot.
It's a dead tree.
It's a dead-end relationship.
It's a deadlock.
It's a deadly nightshade.
It's a deadly poison!
It's a deadly poison.
It's a deal with the devil.
It's a deal!
It's a deal.
It's a death cult.
It's a death trap.
It's a debate as old as time itself.
It's a decision to be made now or never.
It's a deep feeling, yes really.
It's a deeply misguided thing to do.
It's a deformation.
It's a delicate matter.
It's a delicate moment in my life.
It's a delicate problem.
It's a delicate situation.
It's a delicate time.
It's a delicious breakfast if there is chocolate beverage and dried fish.
It's a delusion.
It's a democratic government.
It's a depressing prospect.
It's a design flaw.
It's a desperate situation.
It's a detached house surrounded by gardens.
It's a detail.
It's a dialect.
It's a diamond ring.
It's a diaper.
It's a dictatorship.
It's a dictionary.
It's a different dialect; of course it sounds odd to you.
It's a different life here in Algeria.
It's a different situation in Australia.
It's a different situation in Boston.
It's a different situation.
It's a different time now, one of haste, those who can keep up do, the rest goodbye Akbou!
It's a difficult choice.
It's a difficult country to govern.
It's a difficult decision.
It's a difficult exam.
It's a difficult issue.
It's a difficult job.
It's a difficult language.
It's a difficult matter.
It's a difficult problem, no question.
It's a difficult problem.
It's a difficult process.
It's a difficult question.
It's a difficult route to take.
It's a difficult term to define.
It's a difficult text to understand.
It's a difficult time for me.
It's a difficult time for us.
It's a difficult topic to discuss.
It's a difficult topic.
It's a difficult week.
It's a difficult word to pronounce.
It's a difficult word to translate.
It's a difficult word.
It's a difficult world.
It's a difficult, complex challenge.
It's a direct flight from Boston to Chicago.
It's a direct flight from Tokyo to London.
It's a dirty trick to close every polling station in areas that would vote for your opponent.
It's a dirty trick.
It's a disadvantage to be ugly.
It's a disappointment, isn't it?
It's a disaster waiting to happen.
It's a disaster!
It's a discovery as surprising as it is groundbreaking.
It's a disease that affects men and women alike.
It's a disease that can't be prevented.
It's a disease.
It's a disgrace to our company.
It's a disgrace to our family!
It's a disgrace.
It's a disgusting story.
It's a distraction.
It's a do-or-die situation.
It's a doctored photo.
It's a doddle to him.
It's a dog and pony show.
It's a dog eat dog world out there.
It's a dog's life.
It's a dog, not a toy.
It's a dog-eat-dog world.
It's a dog.
It's a doll.
It's a done deal.
It's a door.
It's a double whammy.
It's a double-edged sword.
It's a drag.
It's a dragon!
It's a dragon.
It's a drama where you can enjoy the delicate workings of a woman's mind.
It's a draughty house.
It's a draw.
It's a dream come true.
It's a dream job.
It's a dream that'll never come true.
It's a dreary place.
It's a drink better served cold.
It's a driverless car.
It's a drop in the bucket.
It's a drop in the ocean.
It's a drop of my blood.
It's a drug.
It's a dry day today.
It's a dud.
It's a dull job to clean a bike.
It's a dull pain.
It's a dystopia.
It's a eukaryotic cell.
It's a eukaryotic organism.
It's a euphemism to say that you have to have your dog "put to sleep."
It's a fable.
It's a fabulous game!
It's a facile plot device.
It's a fact of life.
It's a fact you can't deny.
It's a fact.
It's a fad.
It's a fair cop.
It's a fair question.
It's a fairly common misconception.
It's a fairly common name.
It's a fairly complicated problem.
It's a fairly old building.
It's a fairy tale.
It's a fake one, right?
It's a fake profile.
It's a fake.
It's a family business.
It's a family heirloom.
It's a family secret.
It's a family tradition.
It's a family trait.
It's a famous dish from this place.
It's a famous local dish.
It's a famous poem.
It's a famous quote.
It's a famous song.
It's a fan's God-given right to complain about the referees.
It's a fantastic resource.
It's a fantastic story.
It's a fascinating advertisement for summer resorts.
It's a fascinating read.
It's a fascinating story.
It's a fascinating theory.
It's a fast growing city.
It's a feature, not a bug.
It's a feel good movie.
It's a festive atmosphere.
It's a few minutes after three o'clock.
It's a few minutes before three o'clock.
It's a fiat currency.
It's a fictional place.
It's a fiddle going to and fro between the keyboard and mouse so are there shortcuts to allow operation using only the keyboard?
It's a fiddly job which requires a lot of patience.
It's a fifteen minute walk from here to the campus.
It's a fifteen-minute walk.
It's a fifty-fifty issue.
It's a fight of all against all.
It's a figure of speech.
It's a film in French.
It's a fine day and I feel like going fishing.
It's a fine day today.
It's a fine day.
It's a fine day. The sun is warm and the sky is clear.
It's a fine day: the sun is warm and the sky is clear.
It's a fine mess you've gotten us into.
It's a fine-looking girl you've got there.
It's a fingernail.
It's a fire hazard.
It's a fire.
It's a firefly.
It's a first-rate hospital.
It's a fish.
It's a five-minute drive to the hospital.
It's a five-minute walk to school.
It's a fixer-upper.
It's a flake covered in chocolate!
It's a flea.
It's a fledgling technology but it shows great promise.
It's a flower. It will become stone. What is it? Anything. Nothing.
It's a fly.
It's a flying bird.
It's a fog that you can cut with a knife.
It's a foregone conclusion.
It's a form of rebellion.
It's a form of respect for one's neighbour.
It's a formidable asset against amnesia and colonizability.
It's a fort built to defend the town from invasion.
It's a fortnight trip from here.
It's a fortunate coincidence.
It's a found poem.
It's a fox.
It's a fraction.
It's a fraud.
It's a free country.
It's a free newspaper.
It's a free online dictionary, which gives you definitions, thesaurus, spelling, pronunciation of words, etymology, and so forth.
It's a free service.
It's a free translation but it sounds much more natural.
It's a frivolous lawsuit.
It's a frog!
It's a frog.
It's a front-loading washing machine.
It's a fruit.
It's a fucking mess.
It's a full moon tonight.
It's a full moon.
It's a full moon. I definitely won't be able to sleep.
It's a full time job.
It's a full-time job.
It's a full-time, year-around job.
It's a fun party trick.
It's a fun situation.
It's a fun way to pass the time.
It's a fun way to spend a couple of hours.
It's a fundamental human desire.
It's a fungus.
It's a funny market.
It's a funny movie.
It's a funny show.
It's a funny situation.
It's a funny story.
It's a gamble.
It's a game and a sport at the same time.
It's a game changer.
It's a game for children.
It's a game.
It's a garish dress she's got on.
It's a gay bar.
It's a generalization.
It's a genuine question.
It's a get-rich-quick scheme.
It's a ghetto.
It's a ghost town.
It's a ghost, and only I can speak to him.
It's a gift for Fadil to welcome him into the family.
It's a gift for you.
It's a gift.
It's a gimmick.
It's a girl thing.
It's a girl.
It's a girls' night at the disco bar.
It's a gloomy day today.
It's a glorious day. Too good to stay inside.
It's a glove.
It's a goal.
It's a goat and it is absolutely normal.
It's a godsend that you're here.
It's a godsend.
It's a golden family.
It's a golden retriever.
It's a good album.
It's a good and natural sentence.
It's a good article, but it could use some copyediting.
It's a good book.
It's a good camera.
It's a good car, but I'd like to upgrade to something newer.
It's a good cause that some bad people support.
It's a good cause.
It's a good challenge, obviously.
It's a good challenge.
It's a good choice.
It's a good college.
It's a good compromise. It won't leave anyone dissatisfied.
It's a good concept.
It's a good conversation starter.
It's a good cure for hangovers.
It's a good day for a cabinet reshuffle.
It's a good day for a hike.
It's a good day for a picnic.
It's a good day for doing that.
It's a good day for going to the park.
It's a good day to be homeless.
It's a good day to do nothing.
It's a good day to have a good day.
It's a good day.
It's a good deal for us.
It's a good deal.
It's a good dream.
It's a good feeling.
It's a good film.
It's a good habit to keep a diary.
It's a good habit to look up new words in a dictionary.
It's a good habit to wash your hands before bedtime.
It's a good half hour away from here.
It's a good idea to always reread email before sending it.
It's a good idea to bring cleaning equipment with you when you go to visit a grave.
It's a good idea to bring nail scissors.
It's a good idea to bring something to slip on over your bathing suit.
It's a good idea to brush up on the basics.
It's a good idea to cover up when the sun is this strong.
It's a good idea to do that.
It's a good idea to drink bottled water.
It's a good idea to hold your child's hand when crossing roads.
It's a good idea to see a doctor once in a while.
It's a good idea to stop using direct links to files. Use a trick like starting the URL with double-width "h t t p" or something.
It's a good idea to study the language and culture of the country you're going to visit.
It's a good idea to use peer pressure in a positive way.
It's a good idea to wash new clothes before wearing them.
It's a good idea, Tom.
It's a good idea, but I think we can make it better.
It's a good idea, but is it worth it?
It's a good idea, but tell that to nature.
It's a good idea, to be sure, but it's hard to put it into practice.
It's a good idea.
It's a good investment.
It's a good job I paid attention at school.
It's a good job that he was there.
It's a good job you came. What would we have done without you!
It's a good job, as far as the pay goes.
It's a good move.
It's a good movie.
It's a good newspaper, isn't it?
It's a good one.
It's a good paper, apart from a few spelling mistakes.
It's a good path.
It's a good paying job, but the fly in the ointment is that I'll have to spend a lot of time traveling.
It's a good place to raise a family.
It's a good place to raise children.
It's a good plan, at least on paper.
It's a good plan, isn't it?
It's a good plan.
It's a good policy.
It's a good principle to die for.
It's a good program.
It's a good question.
It's a good question. I will try to give a good answer.
It's a good reason not to lose too much time.
It's a good restaurant, but it's quite expensive.
It's a good road.
It's a good rule to look both ways before you cross the street anywhere.
It's a good rule.
It's a good school.
It's a good sentence, anyway.
It's a good sentence, by the way.
It's a good sign.
It's a good song.
It's a good source of B vitamins.
It's a good source of Vitamin C.
It's a good start, don't you think?
It's a good start.
It's a good story.
It's a good system.
It's a good thing I brought my umbrella.
It's a good thing I came here.
It's a good thing I came prepared.
It's a good thing I didn't buy that car.
It's a good thing I don't suffer from the Dunning-Kruger effect.
It's a good thing Michael won.
It's a good thing Rachel Lynde got a calling down; she's a meddlesome old gossip.
It's a good thing Tom and Mary aren't here today.
It's a good thing Tom and Mary aren't here.
It's a good thing Tom did that.
It's a good thing Tom didn't do that.
It's a good thing Tom is here.
It's a good thing Tom is here. Without him, we'd be lost.
It's a good thing Tom isn't here today.
It's a good thing Tom isn't here.
It's a good thing Tom left the door open.
It's a good thing Tom was there to help you.
It's a good thing Tom was there.
It's a good thing no one got hurt.
It's a good thing no one was hurt.
It's a good thing that I came here.
It's a good thing that I don't say everything I think.
It's a good thing that I remembered to do this.
It's a good thing that Tom did that yesterday.
It's a good thing that Tom did that.
It's a good thing that Tom didn't do that.
It's a good thing that Tom didn't see Mary kissing John.
It's a good thing that Tom is here.
It's a good thing that Tom left the door open.
It's a good thing that Tom was there to help you.
It's a good thing that she taught me them.
It's a good thing that this happened during the rehearsal and not the performance!
It's a good thing that we didn't have to do that.
It's a good thing that we didn't try to do that by ourselves.
It's a good thing that we finished early.
It's a good thing that we got here early.
It's a good thing that you did that yesterday.
It's a good thing that you did that.
It's a good thing that you guys came to help.
It's a good thing that you showed up.
It's a good thing that you were able to do that yesterday.
It's a good thing that you were able to help.
It's a good thing that you're here.
It's a good thing to be religious.
It's a good thing to read good books when you are young.
It's a good thing to read many books.
It's a good thing tomorrow isn't Monday.
It's a good thing we didn't try to do that by ourselves.
It's a good thing we finished early.
It's a good thing we got here early.
It's a good thing we have Tom.
It's a good thing worms don't have any teeth, otherwise they could bite the moles.
It's a good thing you came to me when you did.
It's a good thing you did that.
It's a good thing you didn't do what Tom asked you to do.
It's a good thing you didn't go to Tom's party.
It's a good thing you found it first.
It's a good thing you got here early.
It's a good thing you guys can't keep a secret.
It's a good thing you have your umbrella with you.
It's a good thing you know how to speak French.
It's a good thing you showed up.
It's a good thing you were able to do that yesterday.
It's a good thing you were able to help.
It's a good thing you were here.
It's a good thing you were wearing a helmet.
It's a good thing you're cute.
It's a good thing you're here.
It's a good thing you're insured.
It's a good thing.
It's a good three kilometres from here to the bank.
It's a good time being in the sky on a hot-air balloon.
It's a good time for a party.
It's a good time to buy a house.
It's a good time to buy.
It's a good time to catch up with old friends.
It's a good time to get the water out of the bottle.
It's a good university.
It's a good way to firm up vocabulary.
It's a good way to learn.
It's a good way to make friends.
It's a good way to meet girls.
It's a good way to relieve stress.
It's a good wine.
It's a good word.
It's a gorgeous country.
It's a gorgeous day.
It's a gradual thing.
It's a gray horse.
It's a gray stone building.
It's a great accomplishment.
It's a great bonding opportunity.
It's a great book that debunks the myth of creationism.
It's a great chance for Tom.... and he scores!
It's a great company to work for.
It's a great company.
It's a great conversation starter.
It's a great day for a hike.
It's a great day for a picnic.
It's a great day.
It's a great deal.
It's a great excuse.
It's a great feeling.
It's a great folly to grope for a thing in the dark when you have a candle standing by you.
It's a great gag.
It's a great honor for me to have been elected chairman.
It's a great honor to be able to meet you.
It's a great honor to be invited.
It's a great honor to fight a war for Western Sahara.
It's a great honor to finally meet you.
It's a great honor to have had the king visit our city.
It's a great honor to know her.
It's a great honor to meet you.
It's a great honor.
It's a great honour to meet him.
It's a great honour to meet you.
It's a great idea.
It's a great insulator, keeping hot foods hot and cold foods cold.
It's a great joy to see your own sentences translated into a multitude of other languages.
It's a great list.
It's a great little car.
It's a great love!
It's a great movie. I don't mind watching it twice.
It's a great night to go dancing.
It's a great opportunity for Tom.
It's a great opportunity.
It's a great party.
It's a great picture, isn't it?
It's a great pity you don't know her.
It's a great pity you don't know him.
It's a great place to live.
It's a great place to start.
It's a great place to visit if you watch yourself.
It's a great plan, innit.
It's a great pleasure for Snow White to have a talk with Doc at morning coffee.
It's a great pleasure to be here.
It's a great pleasure to meet you!
It's a great pleasure to meet you.
It's a great pleasure.
It's a great privilege being with you tonight.
It's a great question.
It's a great rivalry.
It's a great shame that you don't know.
It's a great song.
It's a great spot for swimming.
It's a great start.
It's a great story.
It's a great surprise to me and a completely unexpected honour.
It's a great team-building exercise.
It's a great theater.
It's a great tool.
It's a great truth.
It's a great way to make friends.
It's a great way to meet new people.
It's a great workout.
It's a green card marriage.
It's a green dream in which there are no plants and animals.
It's a greenfield project so we're building everything from scratch, including the scratch.
It's a grey cloudy morning this summer day of the 22nd of June of 2025. Before dawn, I had a snack of two tofu fish cuttlefish corn potato tangerine pork rolls with strawberries. Around 8, I was at Starbucks café, there to drink Passion Tango iced tea, which contained hibiscus, lemongrass, cinnamon, passion fruit, pineapple, and so forth. I waited for my religious Baptist Filipino friend, Greg, who was there usually on Sundays at that time, but he didn't show up. Then, I walked to Tim Hortons café to drink an iced coffee with oat milk and eat a sausage English muffin. There were families. There were several ex-Soviet bachelors who spoke Russian. Before 10, I trekked towards the Roman Catholic church at St. Albans Road. I admired the bamboo grove and the Emerald Tree on the way. At the church, there were already some worshippers in the nave: many Filipinos, and some Hispanics and Cantonese. The Filipina nun in her habit was talking to some Filipinas in the lobby area. They were admiring someone's blue skirt, which cost 80 dollars. Today, this morning, many blue hydrangeas adorned the front of the nave, inside. (There is interest in Interlingua.) Yesterday and today counted as my 50th and 51st visits to that church, the "Clam Temple" as I call it because of its architecture. Some people wore beige, an interest in Chabacano. When I walk outside, I usually talk to rabbits in Lojban: "coico'o ractu" (Hello-bye rabbits!). I'm often like Dr. Dolittle.
It's a grid.
It's a grief that is digging into my soul.
It's a grift.
It's a grim world.
It's a gripping film.
It's a gross distortion of the truth.
It's a group effort.
It's a group of madmen.
It's a growing nuisance.
It's a guard dog.
It's a guessing game.
It's a guest room equipped with soundproofing with an emphasis on privacy.
It's a guide dog.
It's a guilty pleasure of Jack's to stalk Alice online.
It's a gun.
It's a habit you can break.
It's a hackneyed, tired word, almost on the level of a cliche, and if I had a student in my class who wrote that in a sentence, I would say no, you have to do better than that.
It's a hailstorm.
It's a half hour drive from here.
It's a half hour till lunch.
It's a happy thing.
It's a happy tune.
It's a hard act to follow.
It's a hard drug.
It's a hard habit to break.
It's a hard problem.
It's a hard question.
It's a hard sell.
It's a hard, dirty job.
It's a harp.
It's a harsh, grudge-laden letter.
It's a harvestman.
It's a hassle to take the husks off of chestnuts.
It's a hassle trying to decide what to wear to the party.
It's a hat that I bought for myself in the store.
It's a hat.
It's a hate group.
It's a hectic place!
It's a hell of a start.
It's a hell of a story.
It's a henhouse.
It's a heterogeneous group, not a homogeneous one.
It's a heuristic solution.
It's a high liquidity market.
It's a hike.
It's a hilarious show.
It's a hill.
It's a historical document.
It's a historical fact.
It's a hit.
It's a hole.
It's a holiday tomorrow.
It's a holiday tradition.
It's a holiday, everybody's on leave and I'm the only one in the office.
It's a holiday.
It's a homemade bomb!
It's a homophobic remark.
It's a hopeless case.
It's a hopeless cause.
It's a horrible skull.
It's a horse.
It's a hostile environment.
It's a hot and humid evening.
It's a hot button topic.
It's a hot day today.
It's a hot day.
It's a hot summer's day.
It's a hot sunny blue-sky day with a little breeze so that I can flap my arms through it, this 1st day of July of 2025, Canada Day. Some people are wearing red. I ventured to Tim Hortons café for drinks and snacks. On my way, I saw Bob and George, the Greek-Cypriot brothers, as they just attended the festivities in Steveston Village, Lulu Island. There was salmon, they said. They bicycled. It was "fun," they said. Bob is visiting from "olde" England, where he now resides. A Thai neighbour with his Filipina wife hosted a nice Canada Day party in their cozy shady garden. People were sitting, enjoying food—Thais and Filipinos, probably. There was Mass in the morning at the "Clam Temple," where attendants even sang "O Canada"!
It's a house just like that I have seen.
It's a house that I give to you.
It's a house that you give to me.
It's a house.
It's a huge barrel of rum.
It's a huge coincidence.
It's a huge commitment.
It's a huge concern.
It's a huge contract.
It's a huge copout.
It's a huge deal.
It's a huge gamble.
It's a huge honor to be here with you.
It's a huge library.
It's a huge loss.
It's a huge mistake.
It's a huge opportunity.
It's a huge problem.
It's a huge responsibility.
It's a huge secret.
It's a huge shock to me.
It's a huge task.
It's a hypoallergenic cream, so even those with sensitive skin can use it without worry.
It's a hypothesis.
It's a jellyfish.
It's a job like any other.
It's a job that repels me.
It's a job that would help me pay for my studies.
It's a job worth doing, but if I think about the working hours and the risk ... I could be onto a real losing proposition here.
It's a job.
It's a joke, of course.
It's a joke.
It's a joy contributing to Tatoeba.
It's a joy to be able to listen to Chopin while I work.
It's a kettle black situation.
It's a key card.
It's a key.
It's a kind of cat.
It's a kind of lottery.
It's a kind of orange.
It's a kind of pretty place.
It's a kind of virtue to keep one's temper.
It's a kinda ridicule unnecessary fibonacci-syllabic-heap.
It's a kitchen knife.
It's a knife.
It's a knotty issue.
It's a knotty problem.
It's a known fact that Northern Berber dialects are mutually intelligible.
It's a known fact that a bull produces bullshit.
It's a labor of love.
It's a large amount.
It's a large brick building.
It's a large one.
It's a large ring of magnetic coil.
It's a leak.
It's a leather armchair.
It's a leather valise.
It's a legal gray area.
It's a legal grey area.
It's a legend.
It's a legitimate business.
It's a legitimate question.
It's a legitimate worry.
It's a lemon tree.
It's a lemonade pitcher.
It's a lengthy process, but we nudged it along a bit.
It's a lethal dose.
It's a letter of the alphabet.
It's a lie and a falsehood.
It's a lie that her pen was not under the table.
It's a lie that, "they don't eat fish raw abroad."
It's a lie we don't believe any more.
It's a lie!
It's a lie, because his pen was not under the table.
It's a lie.
It's a lifebuoy ring.
It's a lifesaving procedure.
It's a lifesize statue.
It's a lifetime appointment.
It's a lifetime commitment.
It's a limited-time offer.
It's a lion.
It's a list.
It's a little annoying.
It's a little big.
It's a little bigger than I thought it'd be.
It's a little bit dangerous.
It's a little bit different.
It's a little bit difficult to see that screw.
It's a little bit funny.
It's a little bland.
It's a little chilly in here.
It's a little cold for a swim, don't you think?
It's a little cold today.
It's a little cold.
It's a little complicated to explain.
It's a little complicated.
It's a little confusing.
It's a little cool today.
It's a little creepy in here.
It's a little crowded in here.
It's a little dated.
It's a little difficult for me.
It's a little difficult to explain.
It's a little difficult, so it will take some time before you understand it.
It's a little early to celebrate.
It's a little easier said than done.
It's a little easier to do that now than it used to be.
It's a little embarrassing.
It's a little expensive for lunch, but the taste matches the price.
It's a little farther ahead.
It's a little hard to take.
It's a little hot.
It's a little inconvenient.
It's a little late for an apology.
It's a little late for coffee.
It's a little late for prayer.
It's a little late for second thoughts.
It's a little late for that now.
It's a little late for that, don't you think?
It's a little late for that, isn't it?
It's a little late for that.
It's a little late now.
It's a little like that.
It's a little more complicated than that.
It's a little more than that.
It's a little nasty.
It's a little personal.
It's a little presumptuous.
It's a little problematic.
It's a little scary.
It's a little slow. Could you wait a bit?
It's a little small.
It's a little spooky out here.
It's a little surprising.
It's a little toasty in here.
It's a little too complicated for me.
It's a little too early for a drink.
It's a little town, but very beautiful.
It's a little unfair.
It's a little warmer than usual today.
It's a little warmer today.
It's a little way down this road.
It's a little way down this street.
It's a little windy in Algiers.
It's a little windy today.
It's a little-known fact.
It's a little-studied topic.
It's a living being, so of course it shits.
It's a living tradition.
It's a loaded pistol.
It's a local legend.
It's a local newspaper.
It's a lock.
It's a lonely pastime, by design.
It's a long article!
It's a long distance from here.
It's a long drive back to Boston.
It's a long drive to Boston.
It's a long journey.
It's a long process, but Seylou's loyal customers say the results are worth it.
It's a long process.
It's a long queue so you must take a number.
It's a long road with no curves.
It's a long shot.
It's a long story.
It's a long time since we last saw each other.
It's a long video.
It's a long way away.
It's a long way between our houses.
It's a long way from here to Boston.
It's a long way from here to Tokyo.
It's a long way from here to school.
It's a long way from here to where I live.
It's a long way from here to where I work.
It's a long way from here.
It's a long way from here. You should take the bus.
It's a long way from here. You'd better get the bus.
It's a long way from here. You'd better go by bus.
It's a long way from my house to yours.
It's a long way from tree to chair.
It's a long way to Boston.
It's a long way to the station.
It's a long way to the village.
It's a long way to town.
It's a long, long time since my girl's been gone.
It's a long, wood-panelled room.
It's a longish story.
It's a loose group of misfits and sleazeball, but the administrator is putting in hard work to reintegrate them back into society.
It's a lopsided conflict.
It's a lose-lose situation.
It's a lost cause.
It's a lot better than before.
It's a lot better than it used to be.
It's a lot bigger than I remember.
It's a lot bigger than I thought it would be.
It's a lot colder in Boston than it is here.
It's a lot colder today than it was yesterday.
It's a lot different now.
It's a lot easier for Russians to learn Spanish than it is for Spaniards to learn Russian.
It's a lot easier paddling a canoe downstream than upstream.
It's a lot easier than I thought.
It's a lot easier to fall in love than to stay in love.
It's a lot easier to paddle a canoe downstream than to paddle upstream.
It's a lot easier to release the toxic people from my life.
It's a lot harder than it looks.
It's a lot harder to do than it looks.
It's a lot healthier to eat at home than to always eat out.
It's a lot heavier than it looks.
It's a lot later than you think.
It's a lot less likely for a Macintosh computer to have a virus than a computer running Windows.
It's a lot like that Twilight Zone episode with the omnipotent child.
It's a lot more difficult than that.
It's a lot more fun doing that with somebody else.
It's a lot more fun doing that with someone else.
It's a lot more fun hiking with somebody else.
It's a lot more fun hiking with someone else.
It's a lot more fun singing with somebody else.
It's a lot more fun singing with someone else.
It's a lot more fun than I thought it would be.
It's a lot more than that.
It's a lot of added responsibility.
It's a lot of fun going on a trip.
It's a lot of fun going on trips.
It's a lot of fun hanging out with Tom.
It's a lot of fun making people laugh while giving a speech.
It's a lot of fun playing outdoors.
It's a lot of fun skiing in fresh snow.
It's a lot of fun to be with you.
It's a lot of fun to climb that mountain.
It's a lot of fun to learn Esperanto.
It's a lot of fun to listen to music.
It's a lot of fun to play basketball.
It's a lot of fun to watch baseball.
It's a lot of fun.
It's a lot of money.
It's a lot of responsibility.
It's a lot of text.
It's a lot of trouble to write my name, because it takes 50 strokes to write both my first and last names.
It's a lot of work for someone to change all of their rules because of me.
It's a lot of work to paint your house.
It's a lot of work.
It's a lot safer now.
It's a lot smaller than I thought it would be.
It's a lot to ask.
It's a lot to get used to.
It's a lot to think about.
It's a lot warmer today than it was yesterday.
It's a lot windy up here.
It's a lot worse than that.
It's a lot, but it's not enough.
It's a lot, but it's still not enough.
It's a love song.
It's a love story that unfolds between an unlikely pair, a public prosecutor from a good family and a modern high school girl.
It's a love story.
It's a lovely country.
It's a lovely day today.
It's a lovely day.
It's a lovely flower.
It's a lovely garden you have. It's mostly weeds that grow in mine.
It's a lovely idea.
It's a lovely vermilion color.
It's a lump and I've had it for a long time.
It's a lunch break now.
It's a luxury we can't afford.
It's a mad world.
It's a mad, mad world.
It's a made-up controversy.
It's a magic number.
It's a magic potion.
It's a magic wand.
It's a magnetic key.
It's a magnificent view, isn't it?
It's a magnificent view.
It's a major tourist attraction.
It's a major tranquilizer.
It's a mammal.
It's a map.
It's a marathon, not a sprint.
It's a markedly different approach.
It's a marketing stunt.
It's a marriage awaiting divorce.
It's a marriage that exists only on paper.
It's a marsh.
It's a marvelous thing to do a play with her.
It's a marvelous thing to do a play with him.
It's a marvelous thing to do a play with you.
It's a mask.
It's a masonic conspiracy!
It's a massive undertaking.
It's a masterwork!
It's a matter of being consistent.
It's a matter of choice.
It's a matter of common sense.
It's a matter of concern.
It's a matter of cost.
It's a matter of doing what's right.
It's a matter of either-or.
It's a matter of etiquette.
It's a matter of genuine importance.
It's a matter of give and take.
It's a matter of great concern that two people on the plane that crashed were travelling on stolen passports.
It's a matter of habit.
It's a matter of life and death.
It's a matter of life or death.
It's a matter of money.
It's a matter of national importance.
It's a matter of national pride.
It's a matter of national security.
It's a matter of personal preference.
It's a matter of personal taste.
It's a matter of perspective when you try to understand a line of code. Something can look right the first day, and then you come back to gibberish the following day.
It's a matter of pride now.
It's a matter of pride.
It's a matter of principle.
It's a matter of priorities.
It's a matter of public safety.
It's a matter of record.
It's a matter of respect.
It's a matter of right and wrong.
It's a matter of security.
It's a matter of supply and demand.
It's a matter of survival.
It's a matter of taste.
It's a matter of teamwork.
It's a matter of the utmost importance.
It's a matter of time before that happens.
It's a matter of time, really.
It's a matter of time.
It's a matter of trust.
It's a matter of vital importance.
It's a matter of when, not if.
It's a matter of when, not whether.
It's a matter that concerns all of us.
It's a matter that must be attended to.
It's a meatloaf.
It's a medical procedure.
It's a medical service.
It's a medication that causes severe side effects.
It's a melting pot of ideas presented into 200 bite-sized missions perfect for PSP, yet with so much upgrading, planning, manoeuvring, fighting and outsmarting to be done, taking Valkyria Chronicles II bite by bite won't be enough.
It's a menace at my school.
It's a mere drop in the ocean.
It's a mess down there.
It's a mess in here.
It's a mess in the fridge.
It's a mess.
It's a messy situation.
It's a metal box.
It's a metaphysical abstraction.
It's a method worth trying.
It's a mild November morning.
It's a mild evening.
It's a mild night.
It's a mile from here.
It's a military club.
It's a mine.
It's a minor glitch.
It's a minor infraction.
It's a minor problem.
It's a minor wound.
It's a minute to three o'clock.
It's a miracle I'm still alive.
It's a miracle Tom survived that accident.
It's a miracle Tom survived the accident.
It's a miracle Ziri hasn't killed someone already.
It's a miracle he wasn't killed in the plane crash.
It's a miracle he's still alive.
It's a miracle our house survived the earthquake.
It's a miracle she's still alive after that fall.
It's a miracle she's still alive.
It's a miracle that I'm still alive.
It's a miracle that I've got over cancer.
It's a miracle that Tom and Mary are still alive.
It's a miracle that Tom is still alive.
It's a miracle that Tom survived that accident.
It's a miracle that Tom survived the accident.
It's a miracle that Tom's still alive.
It's a miracle that he survived the accident.
It's a miracle that he survived the hurricane.
It's a miracle that he wasn't killed in the accident.
It's a miracle that no one was killed in the crash.
It's a miracle that nobody has found out about this yet.
It's a miracle that our house survived the earthquake.
It's a miracle that our house survived the hurricane.
It's a miracle that she came.
It's a miracle that you were able to survive.
It's a miracle that you're alive.
It's a miracle that you're still alive.
It's a miracle you didn't faint.
It's a miracle you survived.
It's a miracle you were able to survive.
It's a miracle you're alive.
It's a miracle!
It's a miracle! The link works!
It's a miracle.
It's a misleading title.
It's a misnomer to refer to non-crypto-currency as "fiat," since cryptocurrency is also fiat.
It's a misnomer.
It's a mistake I won't make again.
It's a mistake that anyone can make.
It's a mistake that many people make.
It's a mistake to generalize Muslims as terrorists.
It's a mistake.
It's a mistaken opinion.
It's a misunderstanding.
It's a mixed bag.
It's a mixture of ceramics, porcelain, stoneware, and earthenware.
It's a mixture of culture, language, and religion.
It's a mixture of theme park and adventure park.
It's a modern design.
It's a modern house.
It's a moment I'll never forget.
It's a moment of joy.
It's a money thing.
It's a monopoly.
It's a monster storm.
It's a monumental task.
It's a moon and moonlight.
It's a moot point now anyway.
It's a moot point.
It's a moral gray area.
It's a moral question.
It's a more realistic plan.
It's a mosquito bite.
It's a moth.
It's a mouse.
It's a movie for children.
It's a movie in French with English subtitles.
It's a movie in French.
It's a movie we've never seen before.
It's a movie without a clear political angle.
It's a much better approach.
It's a much larger problem than you think.
It's a mule!
It's a multipurpose instrument.
It's a mummy!
It's a mushroom.
It's a music player with a simple and minimalist interface.
It's a must-see.
It's a must.
It's a mysterious death.
It's a mystery how Tom escaped from prison.
It's a mystery how it happened.
It's a mystery to me why they came here.
It's a myth that poor people are lazy.
It's a myth.
It's a narcotic.
It's a national newspaper.
It's a natural part of development for many young people.
It's a natural process of ageing that can obstruct or block the flow of urine.
It's a necessary evil.
It's a necessary piece of equipment.
It's a necessity.
It's a necklace, not a cat toy!
It's a neighbouring country.
It's a neoclassical building.
It's a nervous tic.
It's a nest.
It's a net.
It's a network.
It's a never ending cycle.
It's a new age, one of urgency, those who can keep pace stay, the rest so long Akbou!
It's a new bicycle.
It's a new bike.
It's a new book.
It's a new breed.
It's a new cinema.
It's a new day!
It's a new day.
It's a new law.
It's a new method.
It's a new moon.
It's a new movie theater.
It's a new pair of boots.
It's a new store.
It's a new take on an old game!
It's a new technique.
It's a new wallet.
It's a new word for you.
It's a new year.
It's a new year. Let's move forward.
It's a newspaper like all the others.
It's a nice area to live in.
It's a nice break.
It's a nice building.
It's a nice change.
It's a nice country to visit, but I wouldn't live there.
It's a nice day and I feel like taking a walk.
It's a nice day for a walk.
It's a nice day to eat outside.
It's a nice day today.
It's a nice day, isn't it?
It's a nice day, isn't it? Why not go out for a walk?
It's a nice day.
It's a nice day. Let's go out.
It's a nice feeling to just be.
It's a nice feeling.
It's a nice idea.
It's a nice party.
It's a nice place, but I wouldn't live there.
It's a nice poem.
It's a nice seaside town.
It's a nice thought.
It's a nice touch.
It's a nice town.
It's a nice victory, but it's not over yet.
It's a nice view on the river.
It's a nice view, isn't it?
It's a nice, bright, moon-lit night tonight.
It's a niche market.
It's a niche product.
It's a nickname I was given as a child.
It's a nightmare.
It's a no parking area here.
It's a no-brainer.
It's a no-lose proposition for us.
It's a no-win situation for both of them.
It's a no-win situation.
It's a noble tradition.
It's a noisy apartment, but it's where I live and I call it home.
It's a normal human reaction.
It's a normal phenomenon.
It's a normative work.
It's a novel about working-class people doing working-class things.
It's a novel by Zola.
It's a novel worth reading.
It's a novel-based film.
It's a novel-based movie.
It's a once in a lifetime experience.
It's a once in a lifetime opportunity.
It's a one-person job.
It's a one-sentence play called "Tatoeba."
It's a one-shot deal.
It's a one-sided conflict.
It's a one-time offer.
It's a one-way ticket. I don't know when I'll be back.
It's a package deal.
It's a page short.
It's a paid position.
It's a pain but I have to do it.
It's a pain in the ass to redo everything from scratch.
It's a pain in the neck to get there by public transportation.
It's a pain in the neck.
It's a pain that doesn't go away.
It's a pain to do that.
It's a pain, but we have to do it.
It's a pain, but we've got to do it.
It's a pain.
It's a painful 'truth' for us, but watching this movie brought home to me again the danger facing Earth.
It's a pair of oxen.
It's a park.
It's a parody.
It's a party here.
It's a party in the village, it's shaking!
It's a peacock butterfly.
It's a peacock. It was a peacock that cried just now.
It's a pen.
It's a penalty!
It's a pencil.
It's a perfect day for a barbecue.
It's a perfect day for a hike.
It's a perfect day for a picnic.
It's a perfect day for going to the park.
It's a perfect day for taking a walk in the park.
It's a perfect day.
It's a perfect example of cruel fate.
It's a perfect match.
It's a perfect place for us to start.
It's a perfect plan.
It's a perfect predator.
It's a perfect spot for our picnic.
It's a perfect trap.
It's a performance.
It's a period drama about sexism and greed in the workplace.
It's a perk of the job.
It's a personal attack.
It's a personal matter.
It's a personnel matter.
It's a pheasant.
It's a phenomenon I've never seen before.
It's a phenomenon already known in some birds.
It's a phone call from a Mr Brown.
It's a photo montage.
It's a photo.
It's a photograph.
It's a phrasebook to help you communicate.
It's a phrasebook, and it will help you communicate.
It's a picture of Mary and her long-haired boyfriend.
It's a picture of Skura.
It's a picture of Tom, from back when he was little.
It's a picture of my family.
It's a picture of my mom from when she was young.
It's a picture of my younger sister.
It's a picture.
It's a pie.
It's a piece of bourgeois furniture.
It's a piece of cake to him.
It's a piece of cake.
It's a piece of history!
It's a piece of junk.
It's a piece of shit.
It's a pineapple.
It's a pipe bomb!
It's a pipe dream.
It's a pipe.
It's a pity I didn't buy one of those when I had the chance.
It's a pity I didn't wait for your reply before I added the sentences.
It's a pity I don't understand French well.
It's a pity I'm not like him.
It's a pity Tom and Mary aren't able to be with us today.
It's a pity Tom and Mary aren't with us today.
It's a pity Tom can't come to your party.
It's a pity Tom couldn't be here.
It's a pity Tom couldn't come.
It's a pity Tom doesn't know how to do that.
It's a pity Tom isn't able to be with us today.
It's a pity Tom isn't here.
It's a pity Tom isn't with us today.
It's a pity Tom wasn't able to do that.
It's a pity Tom won't be there.
It's a pity for you to have to stay indoors in this weather.
It's a pity he couldn't come.
It's a pity he hasn't got a sense of humour.
It's a pity most RPGs do not have any stoat characters.
It's a pity no one here studies Belarusian.
It's a pity she couldn't come.
It's a pity that Andrea left so early.
It's a pity that I don't understand English well.
It's a pity that I don't understand French better.
It's a pity that I don't understand French well.
It's a pity that I have no ear for music.
It's a pity that I'm late.
It's a pity that Mary doesn't sing in her own language, but only in English.
It's a pity that Mary has no sense of humor.
It's a pity that Mary sings only in English, rather than in her native language.
It's a pity that Mr. Mori can't come to see us.
It's a pity that Tom and Mary are leaving.
It's a pity that Tom and Mary aren't friends.
It's a pity that Tom can't come with us.
It's a pity that Tom can't come.
It's a pity that Tom couldn't be here today.
It's a pity that Tom couldn't be here.
It's a pity that Tom couldn't come.
It's a pity that Tom did that.
It's a pity that Tom didn't agree to do that.
It's a pity that Tom didn't do that.
It's a pity that Tom died so young.
It's a pity that Tom doesn't know how to do that.
It's a pity that Tom has no sense of humor.
It's a pity that Tom is in such poor health.
It's a pity that Tom is leaving.
It's a pity that Tom isn't able to be with us today.
It's a pity that Tom isn't here.
It's a pity that Tom should miss such a chance.
It's a pity that Tom wasn't able to do that.
It's a pity that Tom won't be there.
It's a pity that concrete doesn't burn.
It's a pity that hang, ocarina and pipa are so unpopular around here.
It's a pity that he can't get married to her.
It's a pity that he can't marry her.
It's a pity that he had died so young.
It's a pity that he should be ill in bed.
It's a pity that it doesn't happen more often.
It's a pity that they've blocked off the main street because of a burst water main.
It's a pity that we can't do that today.
It's a pity that we didn't do that when we had the opportunity.
It's a pity that we didn't visit Tom when we had the opportunity.
It's a pity that we don't speak the same language.
It's a pity that we just have a single month!
It's a pity that you and Tom aren't friends.
It's a pity that you can't buy miracles like you would buy potatoes.
It's a pity that you can't come to my birthday party.
It's a pity that you can't come to the party.
It's a pity that you can't come.
It's a pity that you can't go with us.
It's a pity that you can't join us.
It's a pity that you can't travel with us.
It's a pity that you couldn't be there.
It's a pity that you couldn't come.
It's a pity that you didn't catch up with Tom while he was in town.
It's a pity that you didn't have a chance to do that.
It's a pity that you don't know how to dance.
It's a pity that you don't know how to do that.
It's a pity that you don't know how to drive.
It's a pity that you don't know how to speak French.
It's a pity that you don't know how to swim.
It's a pity that you don't know that.
It's a pity that you have to go.
It's a pity that you should leave Japan.
It's a pity that you weren't able to do that.
It's a pity that you won't be able to go to Boston with Tom.
It's a pity that you won't be able to join us.
It's a pity that you'll never know who it was.
It's a pity that you're leaving Japan.
It's a pity that you're not going to come.
It's a pity they're getting divorced.
It's a pity we can't get Tom to help us.
It's a pity we can't stay.
It's a pity we can't take all of this with us.
It's a pity we didn't do that when we had the opportunity.
It's a pity we didn't visit Tom when we had the chance.
It's a pity we didn't visit Tom when we had the opportunity.
It's a pity we didn't visit him when we had the chance.
It's a pity we're not all as reliable as Tom.
It's a pity when somebody dies.
It's a pity you can't come to my birthday party.
It's a pity you can't come with us.
It's a pity you can't come.
It's a pity you can't go with us.
It's a pity you can't go.
It's a pity you can't join us.
It's a pity you couldn't come.
It's a pity you destroyed everything.
It's a pity you didn't come last night.
It's a pity you didn't come with us.
It's a pity you didn't know more about Tom.
It's a pity you didn't tell somebody sooner.
It's a pity you don't know how to dance!
It's a pity you don't know how to dance.
It's a pity you don't know how to do that.
It's a pity you don't know how to drive.
It's a pity you don't know how to speak French.
It's a pity you don't know how to swim.
It's a pity you have to go.
It's a pity you have to leave.
It's a pity you weren't able to do that.
It's a pity you won't be able to join us.
It's a pity you'll never know who it was.
It's a pity.
It's a place for people with religious trauma to heal from it.
It's a place where Sami goes fishing.
It's a place where it's legal to smoke marijuana.
It's a place where people feel safe.
It's a plan to implement.
It's a plan.
It's a plant.
It's a plastic flower.
It's a plastic fork.
It's a plastic spider.
It's a platonic love.
It's a plausible diagnosis.
It's a plausible story.
It's a pleasant day for a picnic.
It's a pleasant day today.
It's a pleasant day, isn't it?
It's a pleasant day.
It's a pleasant evening.
It's a pleasant feeling.
It's a pleasant sight.
It's a pleasure doing business with Ziri.
It's a pleasure doing business with you, Yanni.
It's a pleasure doing business with you.
It's a pleasure for me to be your teacher.
It's a pleasure for me to help you.
It's a pleasure for me.
It's a pleasure having you here, Tom.
It's a pleasure to be able to help you.
It's a pleasure to be here.
It's a pleasure to finally meet you.
It's a pleasure to finally meet.
It's a pleasure to have you here.
It's a pleasure to have you with us again.
It's a pleasure to hear good advice.
It's a pleasure to make your acquaintance.
It's a pleasure to meet you again.
It's a pleasure to meet you all.
It's a pleasure to meet you, Tom.
It's a pleasure to meet you, Ziri.
It's a pleasure to meet you, ma'am.
It's a pleasure to meet you, sir.
It's a pleasure to meet you, too.
It's a pleasure to meet you.
It's a pleasure to ride a motorbike.
It's a pleasure to see you again.
It's a pleasure to translate the sentences she writes.
It's a pleasure to watch them play.
It's a pleasure to work here.
It's a pleasure working with Tatoeba when it works.
It's a pleasure, my friend.
It's a pleasure.
It's a plot.
It's a poem.
It's a point of honor with me to tell the truth.
It's a polite way of saying no.
It's a polka.
It's a polytechnic engineer.
It's a pony.
It's a pool.
It's a poor family.
It's a poor workman who blames his tools.
It's a pop song.
It's a popular fishing spot.
It's a popular idea.
It's a popular song based off of something Rabbi Nachman of Breslov wrote in Hebrew.
It's a popular tourist destination.
It's a popular vacation spot.
It's a portrait of my deceased father.
It's a positive tendency.
It's a possibility.
It's a possible story.
It's a postmodern coup.
It's a powerful weapon.
It's a practical joke.
It's a prank.
It's a pregnancy test and it's positive.
It's a present for Tom, isn't it?
It's a present for you.
It's a pretty amazing script.
It's a pretty bad situation.
It's a pretty big club.
It's a pretty big deal.
It's a pretty clean river.
It's a pretty common name.
It's a pretty cool feeling.
It's a pretty daunting task.
It's a pretty easy job.
It's a pretty easy quiz show, so the cash prize is surprisingly low.
It's a pretty expensive lamp.
It's a pretty flag.
It's a pretty good deal.
It's a pretty good feeling.
It's a pretty good one.
It's a pretty hard habit to break.
It's a pretty house.
It's a pretty minor surgery so the doctor will probably only give you a local anaesthetic.
It's a pretty mixed bag.
It's a pretty simple concept.
It's a pretty smart decision.
It's a pretty specialized position.
It's a pretty unbeatable combination.
It's a priority, not a preference.
It's a private cabin, but you share an external washroom with the other cabins.
It's a private joke.
It's a private matter.
It's a privilege to meet you.
It's a privilege to work with Tom.
It's a privilege, not a right.
It's a probability.
It's a problem any way you look at it.
It's a problem that can't be avoided.
It's a problem that has to be taken into account.
It's a problem that the tap keeps leaking.
It's a problem we do not have any answer for.
It's a problem we do not have any answers for.
It's a problem which has to be taken into consideration.
It's a problem, but not a serious one.
It's a problem, however you look at it.
It's a problem.
It's a professional-looking website.
It's a programmer that they need for that job.
It's a prokaryotic cell.
It's a prokaryotic organism.
It's a promise Tom kept.
It's a promise.
It's a promising month but you should pay attention!
It's a proper interesting book.
It's a property with a lot of acreage.
It's a protection racket.
It's a proven fact.
It's a proven system.
It's a provocative dance.
It's a pseudonym.
It's a psychedelic reverie of patterns and colors.
It's a psychological illness.
It's a public holiday here today.
It's a public order issue.
It's a public order matter.
It's a public order problem.
It's a public order question.
It's a public place.
It's a public safety concern.
It's a public safety issue.
It's a public security issue.
It's a public security matter.
It's a public security problem.
It's a public security question.
It's a publication from a racist far-right group.
It's a punchline that sends every 12-year-old boy into a fit of giggles.
It's a puppy mill, not a proper breeding place.
It's a puzzle to me how such a stupid guy ever got through college.
It's a puzzle to me how you got through the locked door.
It's a pyramid scheme.
It's a quaint old village.
It's a quarter after four.
It's a quarter after nine in the morning.
It's a quarter after six right now.
It's a quarter after two.
It's a quarter of.
It's a quarter past eight.
It's a quarter past eleven.
It's a quarter past four.
It's a quarter past nine in the morning.
It's a quarter past nine.
It's a quarter past six.
It's a quarter past ten.
It's a quarter past twelve.
It's a quarter past two.
It's a quarter till five.
It's a quarter till nine.
It's a quarter till two.
It's a quarter to eight.
It's a quarter to five.
It's a quarter to nine.
It's a quarter to one.
It's a quarter to seven.
It's a quarter to three.
It's a quarter to two.
It's a question I often ask myself.
It's a question for the public.
It's a question not of kind, but of degree.
It's a question of character.
It's a question of historical accuracy.
It's a question of integrity.
It's a question of legality.
It's a question of life or death.
It's a question of personal taste.
It's a question of principle.
It's a question of security.
It's a question of taste.
It's a question of time.
It's a question of trust.
It's a question of when, not if.
It's a question of when.
It's a question of who's in charge.
It's a question of will power.
It's a questionable policy.
It's a quid pro quo.
It's a quiet day today.
It's a quiet here today, isn't it?
It's a quiet place.
It's a quiet scene compared to Ellis Island's heyday between 1892 and 1924, during which 12 million immigrants passed through the facility's ornate, red-brick buildings, usually with little more than a satchel tied with rope and their loved ones in tow.
It's a quince.
It's a quotation from Don Quixote.
It's a quote from a book.
It's a quote from the book.
It's a quote from the writer's diary.
It's a rabbit hole.
It's a rabbit, but it can walk on two legs.
It's a race against himself.
It's a race against his own limits.
It's a race against time.
It's a racist thing to say.
It's a ragbag of ideas.
It's a rainy day, so we can't play outside.
It's a rainy day.
It's a random number.
It's a rare disease.
It's a rare disorder.
It's a rare opportunity.
It's a rare skill.
It's a rare thing to run into a famous musician on the street.
It's a rather common phenomenon.
It's a rather depressing thing.
It's a rather elegant system.
It's a rather interesting project.
It's a rather quixotic goal.
It's a real bargain.
It's a real challenge.
It's a real difficult issue.
It's a real good one.
It's a real honor to meet you.
It's a real mess in here.
It's a real pity that you can't come.
It's a real pleasure to be here.
It's a real pleasure to meet you.
It's a real problem.
It's a real sensation.
It's a real shame that Tom can't be here today.
It's a real shame.
It's a real struggle giving Yanni his medicine when he's sick.
It's a real threat.
It's a real treat for Tom to stay in bed late.
It's a reality.
It's a really bad poem.
It's a really bad situation.
It's a really beautiful day outside.
It's a really big night for me.
It's a really cold April day.
It's a really common name.
It's a really complicated job.
It's a really complicated question.
It's a really cool car.
It's a really difficult exam.
It's a really good book.
It's a really good car.
It's a really good cause.
It's a really good feeling.
It's a really good question.
It's a really good school.
It's a really good sketch.
It's a really good skit.
It's a really old book.
It's a really tough challenge.
It's a reasonable compromise.
It's a reasonable conclusion.
It's a reasonable price.
It's a red card!
It's a red herring.
It's a redundant text.
It's a reflection of our society.
It's a regime run by medieval religious fanatics.
It's a regional dialect.
It's a regular madhouse here.
It's a relevant question.
It's a relief not to have to deal with credit cards anymore.
It's a relief to have finished the assignment on time.
It's a relief.
It's a religious event.
It's a remake.
It's a remarkable opportunity.
It's a rental car.
It's a rental.
It's a rented car.
It's a reproduction item.
It's a required course.
It's a requirement for graduation.
It's a restaurant with typical Finnish cuisine.
It's a restaurant with typically Finnish food.
It's a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma.
It's a ridiculous question, really.
It's a right pain in the arse.
It's a right-wing party.
It's a ring.
It's a risk I'll have to take.
It's a risk I'm prepared to take.
It's a risk I'm willing to take.
It's a risk Tom and I are prepared to take.
It's a risk that I'm willing to take.
It's a risk that Tom and I are prepared to take.
It's a risk that Tom and I are willing to take.
It's a risk that Tom and I aren't willing to take.
It's a risk we can't afford to take.
It's a risk we have to take.
It's a risk we must take.
It's a risk we need to take.
It's a risk we ought to take.
It's a risk we should take.
It's a risk we took because we needed to.
It's a risk we'll have to take.
It's a risk we're all prepared to take.
It's a risk we're prepared to take.
It's a risk worth taking.
It's a risk.
It's a risky operation.
It's a risky plan.
It's a risky proposition.
It's a rite of passage.
It's a river that has never been explored.
It's a riveting story.
It's a roasted egg.
It's a robot that is indistinguishable from a human being.
It's a robot.
It's a rock.
It's a role I play.
It's a room large enough for a library.
It's a rose.
It's a rotten thing to do!
It's a rough neighborhood.
It's a rough place out there.
It's a round number.
It's a routine for Tom.
It's a routine identity check.
It's a routine procedure.
It's a rule, apparently.
It's a rule.
It's a rumor.
It's a sacred number.
It's a sacred right.
It's a sad and lonely place to be.
It's a sad day when William Shattner makes a guest appearance in your dreams.
It's a sad day where pets are on diets and children go starving.
It's a sad situation.
It's a sad story I do not wish to recall.
It's a sad story that I knew you'd enjoy hearing.
It's a sad story, but I knew it would interest you.
It's a sad story, but I knew you'd be interested in hearing it.
It's a sad story, but I knew you'd be interested to hear it.
It's a sad story.
It's a saddening trend.
It's a safety issue.
It's a salad.
It's a sawhorse.
It's a saying.
It's a scalp disease.
It's a scam!
It's a scam, Yanni.
It's a scam.
It's a scandalous affair.
It's a scandalous idea!
It's a scary thought.
It's a scene I'll never forget.
It's a school break.
It's a school holiday tomorrow, so I'm planning to go somewhere and have fun.
It's a school night.
It's a school, not a prison.
It's a school.
It's a science to find the perfect fruit and vegetables in the grocery store.
It's a scientific breakthrough.
It's a scorcher out there.
It's a scorcher!
It's a scream!
It's a scutigera.
It's a secret I've decided to take to my grave.
It's a secret between you and me.
It's a secret from Tom.
It's a secret, I guess.
It's a secret, so please don't tell anybody.
It's a secret, so please don't tell anyone.
It's a secret, so you can't look.
It's a secret.
It's a secret. You can't let anyone else know.
It's a secret; don't give it away to anyone.
It's a secular country.
It's a seductive idea.
It's a self-driving vehicle.
It's a self-fulfilling prophecy.
It's a self-paced course.
It's a sensitive subject.
It's a sentence about nothing!
It's a sentient being, just like you.
It's a sentimental novel.
It's a separation.
It's a sequel.
It's a series of tubes.
It's a serious commitment.
It's a serious decision.
It's a serious illness.
It's a serious issue.
It's a serious matter.
It's a serious problem.
It's a serious question.
It's a serious thing.
It's a set expression.
It's a set up!
It's a setup.
It's a shadow.
It's a shame God is not here to watch this fire.
It's a shame I am too young to drive a car.
It's a shame I can't afford the gift she deserves.
It's a shame I missed the opportunity to meet her.
It's a shame I'm too young to drive a car.
It's a shame Tom can't come with us.
It's a shame Tom couldn't come, too.
It's a shame Tom couldn't make it to your party.
It's a shame Tom couldn't make it.
It's a shame Tom didn't do that.
It's a shame Tom didn't know.
It's a shame Tom had to work and couldn't go camping with us.
It's a shame Tom isn't here to see Mary receive the award.
It's a shame Tom's not with us.
It's a shame Yanni can't find a job.
It's a shame he doesn't have a sense of humour.
It's a shame he's being deported.
It's a shame he's got no sense of humour.
It's a shame he's left.
It's a shame it had to happen here.
It's a shame it's not like that.
It's a shame life is so short.
It's a shame that Daniel is not Amanda's son.
It's a shame that I cannot go back in time.
It's a shame that I had to quit my job just when I was getting the hang of things.
It's a shame that I'm too young to drive a car.
It's a shame that Tom isn't with us.
It's a shame that Tom wasn't able to do that.
It's a shame that concrete doesn't burn.
It's a shame that it's not like that.
It's a shame that one obtains such a meagre payment in return for such a lot of work.
It's a shame that so many people are sick and dying from eating the products of grass plants, namely grains and sugars.
It's a shame that that happened.
It's a shame that the singer died so young.
It's a shame that you can't go with us.
It's a shame that you couldn't do that.
It's a shame that you don't honour us with your presence.
It's a shame that you don't understand Fyodor's art.
It's a shame that you weren't able to do that.
It's a shame that you weren't allowed to do that.
It's a shame that you're not coming.
It's a shame the way he internalizes homophobia.
It's a shame the way natural resources are wasted.
It's a shame the way old people are treated.
It's a shame there aren't many people like Tom nowadays.
It's a shame there's so much here.
It's a shame this had to happen to you so young.
It's a shame this mosque is the only place where we can meet.
It's a shame to be Russian.
It's a shame to not be able to get nearer to observe those peacocks, but walking on the flowerbeds in this garden is prohibited.
It's a shame to stay indoors on a day like this.
It's a shame we only have one life to do so many things.
It's a shame we only have one month!
It's a shame we weren't able to get to know one another better.
It's a shame we're not out fishing.
It's a shame you can't come today!
It's a shame you can't come.
It's a shame you can't go with us.
It's a shame you can't make it today.
It's a shame you can't stay longer.
It's a shame you couldn't come.
It's a shame you didn't talk to me first.
It's a shame you don't speak Finnish.
It's a shame you don't speak French.
It's a shame you have to go.
It's a shame you're going to miss the concert.
It's a shame you're gone. I think about you often.
It's a shame!
It's a shame, because I really wanted to play.
It's a shame, my best friend is moving. He's going to live in another city.
It's a shame, though.
It's a shame.
It's a sharp axe, but the branch is not yielding.
It's a sharp pain.
It's a shed.
It's a sheer waste of time.
It's a ship full of living corpses.
It's a ship.
It's a shit table.
It's a shock, to be honest. I didn't expect that.
It's a shoe.
It's a shoot-'em-up western.
It's a shooting star.
It's a short article.
It's a short drive to the park.
It's a short flight.
It's a short sentence.
It's a short textbook for beginners.
It's a short walk to the library from here.
It's a short walk.
It's a shortcut to the school.
It's a shortcut.
It's a shot in the arm.
It's a show about a propane salesman and his family.
It's a side effect of incretin therapy.
It's a sign of the times.
It's a sign.
It's a signal of danger.
It's a simple choice.
It's a simple job.
It's a simple matter for me to reconnect the gas.
It's a simple matter of conformity.
It's a simple matter of supply and demand.
It's a simple mistake.
It's a simple plan.
It's a simple question.
It's a simple sink clog.
It's a simple story.
It's a simple system.
It's a simple thing, but a lot of people don't understand it.
It's a simple trick of rhetoric.
It's a sin to have sex outside of marriage.
It's a sin to say so.
It's a sin to say that.
It's a sin to tell a lie.
It's a sin to use the Lord's name in vain.
It's a single-cell organism.
It's a situation I would love to change.
It's a six minutes' walk to the bus stop.
It's a skilful card player.
It's a skill that not everybody has.
It's a slaughterhouse.
It's a sleight of hand.
It's a sliding door.
It's a slip of the pen.
It's a slippery one.
It's a slippery slope.
It's a slow Oriental rhythm.
It's a slow day, huh.
It's a slow day.
It's a slow process.
It's a small and lightweight audio player with extensive format support.
It's a small and noisy flat, but it's where I live and call home.
It's a small apartment, but perfect for one person.
It's a small burg.
It's a small country that most people have never heard of.
It's a small difference, but still.
It's a small dog.
It's a small house.
It's a small library.
It's a small mouse.
It's a small noisy apartment, but it's where I live and I call it home.
It's a small price to pay for such a nice painting.
It's a small price to pay.
It's a small problem.
It's a small restaurant a block from his office.
It's a small room, isn't it?
It's a small room.
It's a small school. Everyone knows everyone.
It's a small selection.
It's a small shop.
It's a small step between pleasure and pain.
It's a small town in the middle of nowhere.
It's a small town.
It's a small town. Everyone knows everyone.
It's a small world we live in.
It's a small world.
It's a snail.
It's a snake.
It's a snap once you get the hang of it.
It's a snap.
It's a snoozefest.
It's a snowman.
It's a snowstorm.
It's a snowy day.
It's a social problem.
It's a soft drug.
It's a solvent firm.
It's a song.
It's a sop to Cerberus.
It's a sop to Congress.
It's a sound compromise. No one can be unhappy with it.
It's a spam e-mail.
It's a spam email.
It's a sparrow.
It's a spear.
It's a special blend.
It's a special holiday for people who like detective stories.
It's a special occasion.
It's a special order.
It's a special ritual.
It's a special situation.
It's a special time for us.
It's a spectacle you won't forget.
It's a spreading condition.
It's a squander of money.
It's a square, not a cube.
It's a squirrel.
It's a stab in the back.
It's a stable system.
It's a stage like any other in learning to live.
It's a stalemate.
It's a start!
It's a start.
It's a state secret.
It's a state-owned company.
It's a steal at twice that price.
It's a steal.
It's a steel building.
It's a step in the right direction.
It's a stereotype.
It's a stone's throw away.
It's a storm in a tea-cup.
It's a storm in a teacup.
It's a stormy day.
It's a story I'll never forget.
It's a story about a man who dies without ever finding true love.
It's a story about animals.
It's a story based on a real event.
It's a story everybody's familiar with.
It's a story everyone's familiar with.
It's a story from thirty years ago.
It's a story full of gnomes, elves, fairies, and other similar wondrous characters.
It's a story in three parts.
It's a story of unbelievable success.
It's a story that everybody's familiar with.
It's a story that everyone's familiar with.
It's a story that's not going to go away.
It's a story worth hearing.
It's a strange addiction.
It's a strange hobby, but I enjoy it.
It's a strange matter.
It's a strange one.
It's a strange situation.
It's a strange story, but every word of it is true.
It's a strange world.
It's a stressful job.
It's a strip club for women.
It's a strip mall.
It's a stroke of luck that I can combine my theoretical studies with practical training.
It's a strong possibility.
It's a struggle for Tom to tie his shoes.
It's a student's business to study.
It's a stuffed parrot, and I need a live bird.
It's a stupid dog.
It's a stupid hat.
It's a stupid idea going for a stroll in this weather.
It's a stupid idea.
It's a stupid law.
It's a stupid policy.
It's a stupid proposal.
It's a stupid question.
It's a stupid rule.
It's a stupid system.
It's a stupid tradition.
It's a subject I don't care to talk about.
It's a subject I don't want to talk about.
It's a subject that appears often in Proust.
It's a subject we all know.
It's a substantial amount of money.
It's a suit.
It's a sundown town.
It's a sunflower.
It's a sunny 3rd of July of 2025. On the 7th will be the Star Festival—Tanabata—in Japan. This morning, here on Lulu Island, I strolled to Tim Hortons café twice—Iced Coffee with oat milk, then Strawberry Watermelon Sparkling Quencher with a Sausage Farmer's Wrap. I went to the "Clam Temple." On the way, I glanced at the charming bamboo grove. An old man had dug holes beside it to put compost—eaten mangoes and cherries. At the café, I spoke to Greg, the white man who eventually wants to own a B&B in Kushiro, Hokkaido, with his Japanese wife. The native Ainu and marshes are attractions there. Today, head-shaven Greg is wearing a beige T-shirt and beige shorts—maybe a hint of Chabacano?
It's a sunny blue-sky 19th of June of 2025, here on Lulu Island. The couple of days have passed with my visiting the "Clam Temple," the Roman Catholic church at St. Albans Road, for likely the 47th and 48th times this year. I'm really Dharmoanimistic, a Syncretist in a wider view. Near Robinson Road, I notice the little charming green bamboo grove. Near Bowcock Road, the grand Empress Tree, "Kiri" for Japanese, is now completely devoid of its springtime purple blooms. I visit Tim Hortons café quite frequently: Bacon Farmer's Wrap, buttered Cinnamon Raisin Bagel, Iced Coffee with oat milk, and Iced Classic Lemonade.
It's a sunny day today and I feel great.
It's a sunny day.
It's a superficial wounded.
It's a superstorm.
It's a sure thing.
It's a surprise to me.
It's a surprise tool that will help us later.
It's a surprise.
It's a surprisingly large room, isn't it?
It's a sweet apple.
It's a sweltering summer's day.
It's a symbol of friendship.
It's a symptom of late-stage capitalism.
It's a system that works.
It's a table.
It's a tail.
It's a tale they told him.
It's a tall tale.
It's a tantalizing thought.
It's a tautology.
It's a tax dodge.
It's a taxi.
It's a team effort.
It's a tempest in a teapot.
It's a temporary condition.
It's a temptation that is almost impossible to resist.
It's a tempting offer but I'm afraid I'm going to have to turn you down.
It's a tempting offer, but I have other plans.
It's a ten minute walk to the station.
It's a ten minutes walk to the bus stop.
It's a ten-minute ride from here to the train station.
It's a ten-minute walk from here.
It's a ten-minute walk to school.
It's a tense situation.
It's a terrible affair.
It's a terrible climate.
It's a terrible disease.
It's a terrible idea.
It's a terrible joke.
It's a terrible poem.
It's a terrible problem.
It's a terrible shame that fools are so self-confident and the wise are full of doubt.
It's a terrible thing.
It's a terrible winter-like start to summer this longest-daylight Summer Solstice Day of the 20th of June of 2025. Ugh! It was raining like cats and dogs this morning, with much cloudiness in the afternoon. I still know "reinos" in pinkish Volapük (it's raining). I had to wear my blue boots and bring my black umbrella. I've been to Tim Hortons café several times: Sausage Farmer's Wrap, Earl Grey Tea with oat milk, Lemon Poppyseed Muffin, etc. It was likely my 49th visit this year to the "Clam Temple"—the St. Albans Road's Roman Catholic church. I'm an Esperantist-Lojbanist. I'm a Syncretist, spiritually. Several people at church were wearing beige, which, I think, symbolizes Chabacano, Philippine Creole Spanish. I just enjoy sitting quietly in the nave and the adoration chapel, both mostly empty. Ah, the void... I tried to reach for a big heart-shaped leaf from the Empress Tree, "Kiri" in Japanese, but it was too high up.
It's a terrific idea.
It's a test.
It's a text from Skura.
It's a text from my agent.
It's a thankless job.
It's a theory that hasn't yet been proven.
It's a thing I've believed before.
It's a thing of the past.
It's a thing which you use when you watch films.
It's a thing women already know.
It's a thirty-metre-long boat.
It's a thought that gives me anguish.
It's a thousand times easier to do the right thing than to do it right.
It's a threat.
It's a three-day weekend.
It's a three-digit number.
It's a three-hour drive from here to Boston.
It's a three-hour drive from here.
It's a three-hour walk at least.
It's a three-hour walk.
It's a three-minute walk from here to where I work.
It's a three-ring circus in this place.
It's a three-week course.
It's a thriller movie.
It's a throw-away society.
It's a thrush.
It's a tie.
It's a time bomb.
It's a time-consuming task.
It's a time-honored tradition.
It's a time-honoured tradition.
It's a timed competition.
It's a tiny country that most people have never heard of.
It's a tiring job.
It's a topic I approach with care and sensitivity.
It's a topic that isn't often discussed.
It's a topic that's not often discussed.
It's a tossup as to who will win; both teams are about the same in quality.
It's a touchy subject.
It's a tough act to follow.
It's a tough and reliable vehicle.
It's a tough balancing act.
It's a tough call.
It's a tough choice.
It's a tough decision to make.
It's a tough economy.
It's a tough nut to crack.
It's a tough one.
It's a tough pill to swallow.
It's a tough place to be.
It's a tough process.
It's a tough question.
It's a tough read.
It's a tough sell.
It's a tough situation.
It's a tough task.
It's a tough time to have a mind of your own.
It's a tourist area.
It's a tourist trap.
It's a town in Australia.
It's a town in the middle of nowhere.
It's a town of 3,000 people.
It's a town of three thousand souls.
It's a toxic environment.
It's a toy that the whole world knows.
It's a toy.
It's a tradition that dates back to 1907.
It's a tradition.
It's a tragedy that rainforests are being destroyed for the sake of profits.
It's a transitional period in your life, which is what makes it so difficult.
It's a transitive verb.
It's a translation of a translation.
It's a trap!
It's a trap, isn't it?
It's a trap.
It's a travesty.
It's a treasure.
It's a tree.
It's a tremendous deal.
It's a trial balloon.
It's a trick of some sort.
It's a trick of the trade.
It's a trick.
It's a tricky business.
It's a tricky case.
It's a tricky road.
It's a tricky situation.
It's a tricky task which requires a lot of patience.
It's a trifling incident.
It's a trip I won't forget.
It's a trip I'll never forget.
It's a trivial matter.
It's a troll trying for click-throughs. It's being multiposted in English-related communities all over the place.
It's a tropical disease.
It's a troubling trend.
It's a truck with a trailer.
It's a true story.
It's a truly difficult problem to fix.
It's a truly difficult problem to resolve.
It's a truly difficult problem to solve.
It's a truly impressive project.
It's a turn-based and squad-level tactical war game that requires a lot of micromanagement.
It's a tutorial on how to sew a dress shirt with cuffs.
It's a two-edged sword.
It's a two-hour drive from here to my uncle's house.
It's a two-person job.
It's a two-way street.
It's a type of animal that lives in the sea.
It's a type of body piercing.
It's a type of watermelon.
It's a typical Gothic church.
It's a typical attitude of his.
It's a typical trattoria.
It's a typo. Sorry.
It's a union waiting for separation.
It's a unique challenge.
It's a unique device able to make stress and melancholy vanish.
It's a unique language.
It's a unique situation.
It's a unique way to bond and share intimate aspects of yourselves.
It's a unisex design, which means it's ugly on everyone.
It's a useful tool.
It's a vague story.
It's a vegan restaurant.
It's a verb.
It's a vertebrate.
