The pain I feel is indescribable.
The pain and swelling are normal.
The pain became excruciating.
The pain became intense.
The pain became my silent companion.
The pain came back last spring.
The pain caused a few wrinkles to appear on his forehead.
The pain caused by love is much sweeter than any pleasure.
The pain comes and goes.
The pain comes in waves.
The pain didn't weaken with analgesics.
The pain doesn't last very long.
The pain finally became bearable.
The pain finally went away.
The pain from my hurt knee was agonizing.
The pain from the compound fracture was almost intolerable.
The pain from words can be more intense than that from weapons.
The pain got much worse.
The pain got worse.
The pain had affected his senses.
The pain has become much worse.
The pain has eased a bit.
The pain has finally become bearable.
The pain has gone away.
The pain has gone.
The pain has got a lot worse.
The pain has got much worse.
The pain has gotten a bit better.
The pain has gotten a lot worse.
The pain has gotten much worse.
The pain has gotten worse.
The pain has lessened a bit.
The pain has lessened a little.
The pain has mostly gone away.
The pain has started to ease now.
The pain hasn't gone away.
The pain haunted me throughout my childhood.
The pain in Boldi's stomach became so severe that he couldn't do anything.
The pain in my arm comes in waves.
The pain in my arm has become even worse.
The pain in my arm has gotten worse.
The pain in my back is getting worse.
The pain in my hand is keeping me awake.
The pain in my heart just gets worse.
The pain in my leg is too strong. I can't stand it any longer.
The pain in my neck I got from holding my head straight at the dentist's yesterday was worse than anything the dentist did to my teeth.
The pain in my stomach has gone away.
The pain in my stomach has gone.
The pain increased.
The pain is agonizing.
The pain is always milder than the moan.
The pain is excruciating.
The pain is getting worse.
The pain is gone.
The pain is here, right? That's a stomach ache.
The pain is inevitable.
The pain is killing me.
The pain is severe.
The pain is something I'll never forget.
The pain is starting to come back.
The pain is starting to ease now.
The pain is starting to wear off.
The pain is there all the time.
The pain is too much to bear.
The pain is unbearable.
The pain is very great.
The pain is worse.
The pain kept growing.
The pain let me know that I was still alive.
The pain made it difficult for Boldi to breathe.
The pain melted away as the ointment was rubbed into his foot.
The pain must be horrible.
The pain never goes away.
The pain never went away.
The pain of Sami's loss is still fresh in Layla's heart.
The pain of having lost his family drove him to suicide.
The pain of losing a child is indescribable.
The pain of losing a child never ends.
The pain of separation lingered for months.
The pain of the compound fracture was almost unbearable.
The pain returned.
The pain she suffered while being tortured was unimaginable.
The pain shoots into my right leg.
The pain slowly subsided.
The pain started gradually.
The pain started here and goes to here.
The pain started last night.
The pain started suddenly.
The pain still hasn't gone away.
The pain subsided, but the mobility of the arm returned very slowly.
The pain terrifies me.
The pain that makes someone stay quiet is much stronger than the one that makes them shout.
The pain was a real torture for Boldi.
The pain was agonizing.
The pain was almost unbearable.
The pain was back the next day.
The pain was back.
The pain was coming in waves.
The pain was excruciating.
The pain was getting worse.
The pain was intolerable.
The pain was mainly in my lower back.
The pain was mainly in my upper back and neck and shoulder area.
The pain was more than I could bear.
The pain was more than Tom could stand.
The pain was more than he could bear, so he took some medicine.
The pain was more than he could stand.
The pain was nearly unbearable.
The pain was overwhelming.
The pain was real.
The pain was so bad in my mouth.
The pain was so intense that I couldn't sleep.
The pain was still there.
The pain was such that I was not able to sleep.
The pain was terrible.
The pain was too much for Tom to bear.
The pain was unbearable.
The pain was very intense.
The pain was worse than he could stand.
The pain went away because I took the pills.
The pain will eventually go away.
The pain will go away by and by.
The pain will go away in no time.
The pain will go away soon.
The pain will go away.
The pain will never go away.
The pain will wear off.
The pain won't last much longer.
The pain won't last very long.
The pain wouldn't go away.
The pain you go through because of love is by far sweeter than any other pleasure.
The pain's got much worse.
The pain's gotten much worse.
The paint didn't cover the spot well.
The paint didn't stick to the wall very well.
The paint dries way too quickly in the sun.
The paint has dried.
The paint hasn't dried yet.
The paint hasn’t dried yet.
The paint is acrylic.
The paint is drying.
The paint is off.
The paint is peeling in places.
The paint is peeling off the weather-beaten wall.
The paint is peeling off.
The paint is put on with a roller.
The paint is still wet, so don't sit on that bench.
The paint is still wet.
The paint on the door is not dry yet.
The paint on the door isn't dry yet.
The paint on the gate is chipped and flaking.
The paint on the seat on which you are sitting is still wet.
The paint on the trailer is a bright orange.
The paint peeled off.
The paint was a little hard, so it had to be stirred.
The paint was chipped.
The paint was coming off the wall.
The paint was flowing down the wall.
The paint was full of lead.
The paint was peeling off the wall.
The paint was peeling.
The paint was put on with a roller.
The paint wasn't sealed airtight and has dried up.
The paint's drying.
The paint's peeling off the wall.
The painted butterfly took blood into the air upon the edges of its wings. The stream ran red.
The painted lady is a migratory butterfly.
The painter died young.
The painter illustrates.
The painter loves his canvas and brush.
The painter paints a farmer in the picture.
The painter produces many fine works of art.
The painter washed his brush.
The painter went to Paris with the object of studying painting.
The painter who did this painting won an award.
The painters are here ready to paint, but the paint hasn't arrived yet.
The painters paint pretty pictures.
The painters paint.
The painters you hired did a very sloppy job.
The painting I bought from Tom didn't cost as much as I expected it to.
The painting I bought from Tom didn't cost as much as I expected.
The painting I bought thirty years ago is worth a fortune now.
The painting above the fireplace was Matthew's favorite piece of art.
The painting dates to a time when Van Gogh had moved back to his family in a rural area of the Netherlands and painted the life he saw there.
The painting depicted a lone horseman riding through a forest.
The painting fell into the water and got damaged.
The painting fetched a record price at auction.
The painting had a muted colour palette.
The painting hanging on that wall was painted by Tom.
The painting hanging on the wall was painted by Tom.
The painting he'd painted wasn't very good so nobody praised it.
The painting he’d painted wasn’t very good so nobody praised it.
The painting is all but finished.
The painting is candy to the eyes.
The painting is deteriorating.
The painting is in an ornate frame.
The painting is in the Louvre, Paris.
The painting is not worth the price you are asking.
The painting is the work of a Dutch master.
The painting isn't worth the price you're asking.
The painting looks great, but you hung it a little crooked.
The painting on the wall above the fireplace is by Tom.
The painting on the wall caught her eye.
The painting shows a group of people having breakfast outdoors.
The painting shows a person standing in a garden surrounded by trees with a church tower in the background.
The painting shows a young woman combing her hair before a mirror.
The painting that I bought from Tom didn't cost as much as I expected it to.
The painting that I bought from Tom didn't cost as much as I expected.
The painting that I bought thirty years ago is worth a fortune now.
The painting that's hanging on that wall was painted by Tom.
The painting that's hanging on the wall was painted by Tom.
The painting turned from Miroslav’s image to the beast.
The painting turned out to be a Turner.
The painting was damaged, with the edges burned to a crisp from the flames.
The painting was painted by a Dutch maestro.
The painting was really touching.
The painting was the object of admiration.
The painting will cost at least 1,000 dollars.
The painting won't be sold.
The paintings are at the school.
The paintings are worth a lot.
The paintings in these caves were done many centuries ago.
The paintings of Jorge A. Yances evoke a mysterious interplay between past and present, reality and fantasy, a style called magical realism.
The paintings that were stolen from Tom are very valuable.
The paintings were in very good condition.
The paintings were stolen from a museum.
The paintings, drawings and photographs on view at the museum offer a look into pre- and post-Revolutionary Mexican life and culture, while also exploring the personal struggles and triumphs of an important group of artists.
The pair of them is coming.
The pair of white lions in our zoo has had offspring.
The pair transformed chemistry into a modern science.
The palace doors opened to reveal the grand hall.
The palace doors opened to reveal the majestic throne room.
The palace has a tall tower.
The palace has two wings, which flank a court of honor. Rows of columns join them with the main building.
The palace is green.
The palace is surrounded by the people.
The palace of the Merman King lies in the very deepest part; its walls are of coral and the long pointed windows of the clearest amber, but the roof is made of mussel shells which open and shut with the lapping of the water.
The palace said the prince, 71, had only mild symptoms and was otherwise in good health.
The palace was a gilded cage for the princess.
The palace was alive with celebration.
The palace was heavily guarded.
The palace was made with quartz and gold.
The palace windows were draped with velvet curtains.
The pale face troubled me a little.
The pale glow of the vesperal twilight is a balm for my weary eyes.
The pale moon lit his head.
The pale moon, which had hitherto been contending with flitting clouds, now shone out, and gave them a view of the solitary and naked tower.
The pale, black-eyed child started to pull harder at the mother's dress.
The paleontologists are looking for fossils.
The palest ink is better than the best memory.
The pallbearers at her funeral were all women. I had never seen that before.
The pallid cypresses seemed to twist in febrile pain.
The pallid moon is waning.
The pallor of his face presaged his tragic end.
The palm leaves sway in the wind that is blowing from the sea.
The palm leaves were used often as fans.
The palm weevil grub, a fat worm found in palm trees, is such a popular source of protein that it has squirmed out of the forests and onto the plates at popular restaurants.
The pamphlet codified the movement's political goals and their method of achieving them.
The pamphlet is free of charge.
The pan is too hot.
The pan is used for frying.
The pan sizzles.
The pan suddenly caught fire while I was frying some strips of bacon yesterday.
The pancake is divided into parts.
The pancakes are excellent.
The pancreas is a large gland that produces insulin.
The pancreas produces enzymes as well as insulin.
The pancreas secretes enzymes and hormones.
The panda is China's national treasure.
The panda is China’s national treasure.
The panda is eating bamboo.
The panda is indigenous to Sichuan Province and does not live in the wild in any other places.
The panda is on the way to extinction.
The panda is pregnant.
The pandas are happy.
The pandemic caused a drop in international travel.
The pandemic has caused a reduction in air pollution.
The pandemic has led to a drop in air pollution around the world.
The pandemic has proven that a health crisis is not just a health crisis, it’s a social, economic, political and humanitarian crisis.
The pandemic has put lives of students on hold.
The pandemic has required many Canadian lawmakers to participate in sessions via videoconference instead of in person.
The pandemic is changing the way women dress.
The pandemic is expected to exacerbate an already dire situation — 1 out of 9 people now do not have enough to eat, meaning that 820 million people face sustained hunger.
The pandemic is far from over.
The pandemic is having an impact on many couples and their relationships.
The pandemic is making people think of unique entertainment ideas.
The pandemic is not over.
The pandemic isn't over.
The pandemic left school districts in shambles.
The pandemics turned into a hysteria.
The pane of my cell phone broke.
The panel had a corner missing.
The panel includes scientists from 13 countries who are experts in agriculture, climate, economics, trade, nutrition and ecology.
The panel is indicating the direction to take.
The panel said: High voltage! Warning! Fatal danger!
The panelist talked about their experience as a researcher.
The panelists discussed energy problems.
The panel’s other recommendations include building new highly sensitive equipment, creating new ways for multidisciplinary teams all over the world to collaborate on various aspects of the project, and forming a profitable investor program to further laboratory, ground-based and theoretical telescopic research.
The pangolin has a tongue as long as its body.
The panic has subsided.
The panic spread through the district in an instant.
The panorama from up there is dreamlike.
The panorama is grandiose.
The panorama is great.
The panspermia hypothesis suggests that life was brought to Earth from another planet.
The panther is pink.
The panther sleeps over a branch.
The panthers prowled through the jungle.
The panting breathless climbers were on the edge of the plateau.
The pantomime is crowded with merry hearts.
The pantry is empty.
The pantry is locked.
The pantry is well stocked.
The pantry was empty.
The pants I bought are too tight.
The pants are too small, I can't get them on.
The pants were so tight that Layla's legs were turning blue.
The papacy isn't know for leniency.
The paparazzi caught Donald and Jessica on camera.
The paparazzi hounded the young actor wherever he went.
The paper I need is on my desk at home.
The paper aeroplane slowly glided to the ground.
The paper bowl is cheap.
The paper cut his finger as if it were a razor blade.
The paper didn't carry the story.
The paper didn’t carry the story.
The paper discusses the problem in terms of ethics.
The paper had James's grandfather's name and address on it.
The paper is selling well in Algeria.
The paper is too big for the envelope.
The paper is under the table.
The paper is very white but the snow is whiter.
The paper is very white, but the snow is whiter.
The paper is white, but the snow is even whiter.
The paper is white.
The paper is white; the snow is also white. The paper and the snow are white.
The paper is written in Berber.
The paper machines are state-of-the-art.
The paper plane fell slowly to earth.
The paper presented a novel algorithm that was technically more efficient than the state of the art, though only for input sizes far exceeding the number of atoms in the universe.
The paper published a profile of its new editor.
The paper revolutionized the field.
The paper said he committed suicide by cop.
The paper said his death was a case of suicide by cop.
The paper says that a typhoon is on its way.
The paper that I need is on my desk at home.
The paper was beginning to peel off the walls.
The paper was blotted with ink.
The paper wasn't important.
The paper wasn’t important.
The paper's borders were singed.
The paper's editorial staff traditionally has had a conservative slant.
The paperback version is cheaper.
The papers are written in Berber.
The papers arrived at the embassy in the diplomatic pouch.
The papers blew off.
The papers contained false information.
The papers didn't print this story.
The papers found lots of monkey business when they investigated the Recruit scandal.
The papers got blown away.
The papers next day were full of the "Brixton Mystery," as they termed it.
The papers say that there was a big fire in Nagoya.
The papers that were in the safe are gone.
The papers were mixed together in a big box.
The paperweight used to be a common desk tool -- before 1980, maybe. Now it usually means something bulky that doesn't serve its original purpose.
The paperwork was legible.
The paperwork won't take long.
The paprika sauce is also very good! Try it!
The parable of the talents is one of my favorites.
The parachuters slowly hovered downward.
The parachutist drowned after falling into the ocean.
The parachutist fell into the ocean and drowned.
The parachutist, Raphael Domjan, also is the founder of the SolarStratos project, the group behind the feat, designed to promote renewable energy. Domjan jumped from a two-seater prototype plane after it reached a speed of 150 kilometers per hour, and he landed near the project’s base in the city of Payerne.
The parade floats are large and fanciful, and feature animated figures of children, birds and animals. Each square centimeter is covered with plant material - flowers, stems, leaves, stalks and seeds.
The parade goes past a soaring Gothic cathedral built by Irish immigrants and named for St. Patrick, who is the patron saint of both Ireland and New York City.
The parade had already begun when we got there.
The parade included six marching bands.
The parade is about to start.
The parade passed our school.
The parade was led by an army band.
The parade went through the crowd.
The parade will start at 2:30.
The paradise was in my heart.
The paradox of sport is that it bonds as it divides.
The paraglider landed in the tree.
The paragraph Sarah read was interesting.
The paragraph Sarah wrote was interesting.
The paragraph emphasises the message.
The paragraph the teacher asked Sarah to read was not very interesting.
The paragraph you wrote is too short.
The parakeet was eating out of Ziri's hand.
The parallel with English becomes even more striking when we realize that Latin continued to be used for many hundreds of years more as the world's first "international language."
The parallel with English becomes even more striking when we realize that Latin continued to be used for many hundreds of years more as the world’s first "international language."
The paramedic brought Tom back to life.
The paramedic checked Tom's pulse.
The paramedic first responders have been deployed.
The paramedic ripped open Tom's shirt and took a look at the wound.
The paramedic said there was no safe way to move Tom.
The paramedics are on the way.
The paramedics arrived quickly.
The paramedics arrived within minutes.
The paramedics gave Yanni an adrenaline shot through the heart and managed to revive him.
The paramedics lifted Tom onto the stretcher.
The paramedics loaded Tom's body onto the stretcher.
The paramedics loaded Tom's limp body onto a stretcher.
The paramedics rushed to the scene.
The paramedics took the injured girl into the ambulance.
The paramedics were trying to tend to Rodrigo.
The paramilitaries controlled both border cities.
The paramount question of the day is not political, is not religious, but is economic.
The paranoia is getting better.
The paranoia kept Gunter up late.
The parasite creates a hive mind.
The parasite is a one-cell protozoa like ones you might have seen under a classroom microscope, floating around in fluid.
The parasite started eating Stefan from the inside.
The parasites burrow into the skin, eventually finding their way to vital organs including the liver, lungs and intestines, where they reproduce, wreaking havoc on their human host.
The parasitic mite, which is the size of a pinhead, was detected at the port of Newcastle, north of Sydney, more than a week ago and has spread to other hives in the state of New South Wales.
The parasympathetic nerves of a developing salivary gland innervate the salivary gland epithelium which is essential for organogenesis.
The parcel arrived faster than I thought it would.
The parcel arrived faster than I thought.
The parcel arrived sooner than I had imagined.
The parcel arrived sooner than I'd expected.
The parcel didn't arrive because the address on it was incomplete: the house number was missing.
The parcel is demaged.
The parcel is ready for dispatch.
The parcel looks torn.
The parcel of land has a pronounced slope.
The parcel was delivered yesterday.
The parcel was tied with string.
The parcel weighs more than one pound.
The parcel will be kept at the post office until you call for it.
The pardoning of the racist police officer's crimes demonstrated the truth about "justice" in the United States.
The parent immediately came back home.
The parent of a parent is a grandparent.
The parents and friends have come.
The parents are a bit nervous.
The parents are criminals!
The parents are listening.
The parents are not at school.
The parents are playing a game with their children.
The parents are responsible for the education of the children.
The parents are responsible for the education of their children.
The parents are somewhat nervous.
The parents are standing outside of the school waiting for the children.
The parents could not help scolding their little child.
The parents couldn't make out what their daughter wanted.
The parents couldn’t make out what their daughter wanted.
The parents didn't agree.
The parents die.
The parents expected too much of their son.
The parents have brought up the child well.
The parents have managed to calm him.
The parents in this community have banded together to support their schools, with the end result being notably higher student test scores and graduation rates.
The parents let their two children walk home together unsupervised from a neighborhood park.
The parents listened.
The parents named the baby Akiyoshi.
The parents named their baby Akira.
The parents of Bernadette were very embarrassed to reply to any questions, because they haven't seen her for a long time now.
The parents of each child had a large wooden box in which grew herbs for kitchen use, and they had placed these boxes upon the gutter, so near that they almost touched each other.
The parents of these children had each a large wooden box in which they cultivated kitchen herbs for their own use, and a little rose-bush in each box, which grew splendidly.
The parents of twins decided it would be best to divide their land evenly between their sons.
The parents sent her to boarding school.
The parents still want an apology.
The parents succeeded in calming him down.
The parents try to amuse their baby with a toy.
The parents value their children's education.
The parents want their children to study.
The parents want to give their son the best education.
The parents were over the moon.
The parents were overjoyed to see their son.
The parents were very happy.
The parents were worried that their child might be autistic.
The parents will be invited to the school celebration.
The parents will be very happy.
The parents work.
The parents, rather than the children, are to blame.
The parish received a new priest.
The parish register is so old that if you touch the pages the paper will disintegrate.
The park also offers educational programs for schools and groups.
The park benches are dirty and broken.
The park benches were all occupied.
The park boasts numerous amenities for the enjoyment of the public.
The park closes at eight PM.
The park contains mountain scenery and is also visited for rainbow trout fishing.
The park featured several acer varieties, each unique in its color.
The park has a large pond.
The park has always been perfectly safe.
The park has barbeque, parking and toilet facilities.
The park has been open since 2004.
The park is a long way from our house.
The park is across the street from the museum.
The park is always full of children.
The park is always full of kids.
The park is busy every season.
The park is closed Monday.
The park is closed on Monday.
The park is common property.
The park is dangerous at night.
The park is empty.
The park is entered through a gate made of granite.
The park is filled with children.
The park is governed by the city.
The park is home to a motley group of amphibians, a raft of different tree species, a dozen beehives and—grazing placidly in the distance—a flock of Brittany sheep, practicing ‘ecological management.’
The park is home to diverse flora and fauna.
The park is home to numerous climbing trails.
The park is in the center of the city.
The park is in the centre of the city.
The park is in the centre of town.
The park is in the city centre.
The park is located in the center of the city.
The park is nice and comfortable.
The park is not so big.
The park is not your property.
The park is open to everybody.
The park is opposite my house.
The park is planted with trees of some kind or other.
The park is shady.
The park is small, but there are a lot of trees there.
The park is sunny.
The park is thickly wooded.
The park is very romantic.
The park is well wooded.
The park is within walking distance.
The park isn't far from here.
The park isn't far from the hotel.
The park lies in the center of the city.
The park near their house has a swampy area, but it never becomes fetid because fresh water is constantly flowing into it from a nearby creek.
The park needed to be opened on Saturday.
The park never closes.
The park ranger offered Ziri a map and he accepted it.
The park ranger talked to Kalman in an arrogant voice.
The park ranger utilized the tranquilizers to put the hyenas to sleep and move them to a safer area.
The park rangers have been looking for Ziri.
The park rangers must always be on alert.
The park was almost empty.
The park was built for the benefit of the public.
The park was built in the sixteenth century.
The park was close for a few weeks after the incident.
The park was closed at sunset.
The park was completely deserted.
The park was crowded with people with children.
The park was crowded.
The park was deserted when Ziri arrived.
The park was deserted.
The park was designed for small children.
The park was empty.
The park was extended to the river.
The park was full of couples on dates.
The park was full of people.
The park was full of squirrels.
The park was full of tourists.
The park was huge; we almost got lost there.
The park was pretty small.
The park was targetted by vandals.
The park was very crowded this afternoon.
The park was very woodsy and kind of creepy.
The park's not far from the hotel.
The park's not safe at night.
The parked car began to roll down the sloping street.
The parker put the hyena asleep and moved it to a safer area.
The parking here is ridiculous. There's never a spot open.
The parking is completely free.
The parking is filled with zombies.
The parking lot attendant confirmed your alibi.
The parking lot behind the school is almost empty.
The parking lot had many cars in it.
The parking lot in front of the bank was completely full.
The parking lot in front of the bank was full.
The parking lot in the back of the school is almost empty.
The parking lot is almost empty.
The parking lot is closed.
The parking lot is empty.
The parking lot is free of charge.
The parking lot is full.
The parking lot is nearly empty.
The parking lot is open to until when?
The parking lot is surrounded by trees.
The parking lot is very well lit.
The parking lot was almost empty.
The parking lot was empty besides two other cars.
The parking lot was empty.
The parking lot was half full.
The parking lot was located two buildings ahead.
The parking lot was not very well lit at all.
The parking lot wasn't particularly full.
The parking meter attendant looked quizzically at the grinning, bespectacled teenager sitting in a cardboard box.
The parking meter is broken.
The parking spaces in front of the bank were all taken.
The parking spaces nearest the door are reserved for executives.
The parking was transformed into a park.
The parkways cut through some of the most scenic parts of the country. One of the longest – and most popular – is the Blue Ridge Parkway. Many people call it “America’s favorite drive.”
The parliament and parliamentary commission may require a member of the government to participate in the meeting.
The parliament declared the country a secular state.
The parliament of Algeria has a People's National Assembly and a Senate.
The parliamentarians couldn't reach an agreement.
The parliamentary session was canceled.
The parody became more popular than the original.
The parolee started to live in his hometown.
The parquetry linoleum is not only less costly than wood, but it is more sanitary and much easier to take care of.
The parrot and the pirate are best friends.
The parrot bobbed his head up and down.
The parrot escaped from its cage.
The parrot escaped from the cage.
The parrot flew out of the cage and was nowhere to be seen.
The parrot got out of the cage.
The parrot is dead.
The parrot told the dog to sit.
The parrot wakes up the cook early.
The parrots are good at making a habitat for themselves in major cities, and this is what happened in Pasadena and East L.A.
The parrots are not quiet at all.
The parrots are quiet.
The parrots are silent.
The parrots are so loud now that they're even drowning out the flamingos.
The parrots were poached in their native habitat, arrived in the United States and sold as pets.
The parsec is equal to about 3.3 light-years.
The parsimonious patron spent aeons haggling with the clerk.
The parson gave the communion wafer to the dying person.
The parsonage was small, with only a bed and desk for study and worship.
The part of a syllable after the onset is called the rime.
The part of a verb, that is partly a verb and partly an adjective, we call a participle.
The part of an iceberg under the water is much larger than that above the water.
The part of the bike path after the last lamppost was scary.
The part of the queen does not suit her.
The part which was eaten is not mine.
The parterre gardens had beautiful spiral paths, letting the guests cut through the flowerbeds.
The participants accused him of carelessness.
The participants are mostly women.
The participants come from every country.
The participants have come from fifty countries and represent famous teams.
The participants submerged their hands in freezing water.
The participants were divided into two groups that included smokers and non-smokers.
The participants were for the most part women.
The participants were for the most part young people.
The participants were mostly women.
The participants were mostly young.
The participants were showing the same brain activity.
The participants' blood pressure decreased.
The participation of Muslims in politics is of fundamental importance to society.
The participation was low.
The particle "li" is sometimes equivalent to the verb "to be", which does not exist in Toki Pona.
The particle lies at the heart of the fundamental question of why there is mass in the universe. Finding the Higgs boson would be one of the biggest scientific advances in more than half-a-century. It would confirm the Standard Model’s description of how subatomic particles interact to form the basic building blocks of the universe.
The particles in the rings closer to the planet orbit the planet at a faster speed than the particles in the rings farther from the planet.
The parties agree on the following.
The parties didn't reach an agreement.
The parties fondly recalled President Ilham Aliyev’s visit to the UAE this January and President Sheikh Mohamed bin Zayed Al Nahyan’s visit to Azerbaijan, noting that these visits featured extensive discussions on a wide-ranging bilateral agenda.
The parties have reached a tentative agreement.
The parties to the conflict must agree upon measures to end the bloodshed.
The parting was hard for him.
The partisan media is ignoring the protests.
The partisan media is trying to keep the protests out of sight.
The partition of Germany was, until 1990, an accepted fact.
The partitions between the cells of the convicts, instead of being of thick oak, as is usual in convict-ships, were quite thin and frail.
The partner was discouraged to his large victory.
The partners are concerned.
The partners started to drift apart when their priorities no longer matched.
The partridge is clucking.
The partridge moved a few feet away and it gave out its location.
The parts are connected by an iron rod.
The parturient takes her attitude. She comes and goes. She is preparing to give birth standing up. It was like that, before.
The party achieved an outright majority by a hair.
The party arrived at Kyoto.
The party arrived in Kyoto.
The party began shortly after midnight.
The party broke up late.
The party came to an end at midnight.
The party claims to serve the people.
The party continued on in Dan's house.
The party convention was put off.
The party crossed over to America.
The party decorations were colorful.
The party did not succeed in climbing the mountain.
The party didn't happen.
The party didn't last long.
The party didn't last very long.
The party doesn't start for another hour.
The party ended after midnight.
The party ended at midnight.
The party ended at nine.
The party ended at ten o'clock.
The party ended at ten o’clock.
The party ended up becoming a great revelry.
The party ended up in chaos and, at the end, they were thrown out.
The party ended up with a chorus.
The party ended up with great revelry.
The party ended with a speech by the host.
The party ended with everyone singing Happy Birthday to Carlos's girlfriend.
The party finished at nine.
The party flew nonstop from New York to Paris.
The party for Tom has been canceled.
The party fought their way up.
The party gained ground rapidly.
The party got out hand.
The party got out of control.
The party got out of hand.
The party got shut down by the cops.
The party grew chilly.
The party had a DJ playing all the latest hits.
The party had a Hawaiian theme.
The party had a balloon artist making fun shapes.
The party had a bonfire for roasting marshmallows.
The party had a cake cutting ceremony.
The party had a candy bar for guests to enjoy.
The party had a dance-off competition.
The party had a game of Twister.
The party had a game of beer pong.
The party had a karaoke competition.
The party had a limbo contest.
The party had a lot of colorful balloons.
The party had a lot of delicious food and drinks.
The party had a lot of fun decorations.
The party had a lot of fun party games.
The party had a lot of great music.
The party had a photo booth with fun props.
The party had a piñata filled with candy.
The party had ended by nine.
The party had hardly left when it began to rain.
The party had no sooner started than it began to rain.
The party had to be cut short.
The party has already begun.
The party has already started.
The party has been canceled due to a lack of interest.
The party has been postponed for a week.
The party has been postponed.
The party has been put off until next Monday.
The party has been put off until next Tuesday.
The party has got gradually louder as the evening has progressed.
The party has got lively.
The party has just begun.
The party has livened up since you arrived.
The party has livened up.
The party has started.
The party hasn't started yet.
The party host had a Portuguese accent.
The party in power is corrupt, but the opposition is little better.
The party in power is corrupt, but the opposition isn't much better.
The party is about to begin.
The party is cool, right?
The party is doing in government what it fought against in opposition.
The party is dying down.
The party is going to be a great success.
The party is improving slightly in the polls.
The party is in full swing.
The party is just beginning.
The party is just getting started.
The party is mainly made up of working women.
The party is over!
The party is over.
The party is still going on.
The party is sure to be fun.
The party is to be held next Sunday, weather permitting.
The party is to be held next Sunday.
The party is today.
The party is tomorrow.
The party is wrapping up.
The party lasted all night.
The party lasted more than three hours.
The party leader rattled on at great length about future policies.
The party most voted for was XYZ.
The party must reinvent itself after this election defeat.
The party of pilgrims started for Shikoku.
The party opened with his speech.
The party organized by Tom was a huge success.
The party ought to be fun.
The party promised to be a success.
The party puts everyone in high spirits.
The party reached the mountaintop yesterday.
The party returned safe and sound.
The party said, "We won't budge," and their base said, "Neither will be." Neither budged, and their opponents won.
The party set out despite the bad weather.
The party set out for Kobe.
The party set out regardless of the bad weather.
The party should be a lot of fun.
The party should be fun.
The party slowed down after midnight.
The party split into two warring factions.
The party started an hour ago.
The party started at 5 pm.
The party started for New York.
The party started soon after his arrival.
The party stayed in Kyoto for a short period.
The party that we've been invited to is tomorrow, not today.
The party tickets go for ten dollars and upward.
The party took place in a big room.
The party took place in a disused warehouse out of town.
The party turned into a huge fight.
The party walked down the mountain.
The party was Monday night.
The party was a big disappointment.
The party was a big success.
The party was a bit of a letdown.
The party was a blast, and William had tons of fun dancing with his friends.
The party was a complete disaster.
The party was a disaster.
The party was a failure.
The party was a flop.
The party was a great success.
The party was a huge success.
The party was a lot better than I expected.
The party was a lot of fun.
The party was a marked success.
The party was a miserable failure.
The party was a smashing success.
The party was a success.
The party was a surprise for Carlos's girlfriend.
The party was all but over when I arrived.
The party was almost over.
The party was already too crazy to easily control.
The party was animated by her presence.
The party was anything but enjoyable.
The party was anything but pleasant.
The party was awful.
The party was awfully boring.
The party was bad.
The party was boring, so I decided to leave.
The party was boring, so I left early.
The party was boring.
The party was canceled.
The party was composed of six girls and four boys.
The party was even better than I thought it was going to be.
The party was for one of Diego's friends.
The party was fun until Tom arrived.
The party was fun until Tom got here.
The party was fun until Tom got there.
The party was fun.
The party was fun. You should have come, too.
The party was fun. You should've come, too.
The party was getting out of control.
The party was great craic.
The party was great.
The party was held in Carlos's backyard.
The party was held in honor of Santiago.
The party was held in the professor's honor.
The party was held in the professor’s honor.
The party was held on 22 May.
The party was held on 22nd May.
The party was held on May 22.
The party was held on May 22nd.
The party was held on October 20th.
The party was hosted by Dan.
The party was in full swing when he left.
The party was just getting started.
The party was low-key, just a few close friends.
The party was more fun than I expected it to be.
The party was my idea.
The party was not altogether pleasant.
The party was nothing to write home about.
The party was on Thursday.
The party was organized by Mac.
The party was organized to help young people meet potential spouses.
The party was over at nine.
The party was over by nine.
The party was perfectly deadly.
The party was poorly planned.
The party was postponed for a week.
The party was pretty boring at first.
The party was pretty wild.
The party was put back a week.
The party was put off for a week.
The party was really boring.
The party was really fun.
The party was really great.
The party was short-lived.
The party was so good.
The party was split up into two.
The party was successful.
The party was such a great success.
The party was totally awful.
The party was turning into a disaster.
The party was unforgettable.
The party was very boring.
The party was very interesting.
The party was well along when I came.
The party was winding down.
The party was yesterday.
The party was, on the whole, successful.
The party wasn't much fun.
The party wasn’t much fun.
The party wasn’t over yet when Ziri came back home.
The party we've been invited to is tomorrow, not today.
The party went forward in the face of danger.
The party went off beautifully.
The party went on for three hours.
The party went on walking to the next village.
The party went on.
The party went till midnight, and there was a lot of cleaning up to do afterwards.
The party went to China by sea.
The party will be at my favorite restaurant.
The party will be held in the garden unless it rains.
The party will be held outdoors, weather permitting.
The party will be in the garden unless it rains.
The party will be next Saturday. That is to say the 26th of August.
The party will be on Monday.
The party will be over soon.
The party will be tomorrow.
The party will continue to exalt their hero.
The party will probably be boring.
The party will take place in my favorite restaurant.
The party will take place in the garden, unless it rains.
The party will take place upstairs on the second floor.
The party with the most votes got fifty-one percent of the votes.
The party won a sweeping victory at the general election.
The party won't be much fun without Tom.
The party won't start until Tom and Mary get here.
The party won't start until Tom and Mary show up.
The party won't start until Tom gets here.
The party won't start until Tom shows up.
The party won't start until he shows up.
The party yesterday was awesome.
The party yesterday was way too noisy.
The party's Friday.
The party's Monday.
The party's Saturday.
The party's Sunday.
The party's Thursday.
The party's Tuesday.
The party's Wednesday.
The party's already begun.
The party's already started.
The party's back on.
The party's candidate began to sag in the polls.
The party's going to be at my favorite restaurant.
The party's going to start soon.
The party's in full swing.
The party's just getting started.
The party's on Friday.
The party's on Monday.
The party's on Saturday.
The party's on Sunday.
The party's on Thursday.
The party's on Tuesday.
The party's on Wednesday.
The party's over, but we still can't go home.
The party's over.
The party's over. You've got to go.
The party's platform is full of doublespeak aimed at dressing its misanthropic policies up in the language of liberty and justice.
The party's today.
The party's tomorrow.
The party's winding down.
The party, therefore, had to take another route.
The pass is closed to vehicles without snow chains.
The pass is only valid for two weeks.
The pass is valid for two weeks.
The pass of Thermopylae is a historical example of a chokepoint.
The pass was intercepted.
The passage admits of no other interpretation.
The passage illustrates Robinson Crusoe's landing on a wild desert island after his shipwreck.
The passage illustrates Robinson Crusoe’s landing on a wild desert island after his shipwreck.
The passage of the prohibitory law was a bold experiment, and, as the sequel showed, more bold than wise.
The passage of time depends on the observer's frame of reference.
The passage of time is believed to be a natural remedy for emotional pain and suffering.
The passages in the books upon which the idea of theory of redemption is built, have been manufactured and fabricated for that purpose.
The passeggiata or evening stroll is an old Italian tradition.
The passenger began to smile.
The passenger flew through the windshield.
The passenger next to me. I turned his headphones off while he was sleeping. I used his remote. It was so loud.
The passenger opened the compartment door.
The passenger survived the incident.
The passenger train rammed into a freight train, causing the death of hundreds of people.
The passengers all went aboard the ship.
The passengers are boarding the train.
The passengers are getting on the train.
The passengers are happy.
The passengers are in a hurry to arrive at the village.
The passengers are in a hurry to get to the village.
The passengers are suffering from the scorching heat.
The passengers are waiting.
The passengers came on board all at the same time.
The passengers decided to leave the train on their own.
The passengers hurried onto the plane.
The passengers knew the ship was in trouble.
The passengers load their suitcases and luggage into the trunk.
The passengers on board were mostly Japanese.
The passengers on the airplane found needles in the sandwiches.
The passengers on the ferry were waving to people on the pier.
The passengers really liked Ziri.
The passengers remained calm.
The passengers sat four aside.
The passengers soon learned to accommodate themselves to their new circumstances.
The passengers were aboard a tour boat that takes visitors to see lava plunging into the ocean from a long-erupting volcano that has been vigorously shooting lava from a new vent in the ground for the past two months.
The passengers were asleep in their cabins when the ship hit a huge iceberg.
The passengers were chanting or praying out of desperation.
The passengers were mostly Canadians.
The passengers were taken off the sinking ship.
The passengers who were injured in the accident were taken to the nearest hospital.
The passengers with injuries were taken to a nearby hospital.
The passengers' patience is running out.
The passing autumn fills me with a feeling of grief.
The passing car splashed muddy water on me.
The passing of the seasons is very visible in Canada.
The passing years may have weakened Mom's body and mind. But at ninety two years of age she still steadfastly refuses all my attempts to wheedle from her that highly acclaimed and much sought after culinary blueprint.
The passion for freedom is on the rise. Tapping this new spirit, there can be no nobler nor more ambitious task for America to undertake on this day of a new beginning than to help shape a just and peaceful world that is truly humane.
The passion has burned itself out in him.
The passion my father passed on to me.
The passions diminish.
The passive man seldom, if ever, expresses himself.
The passive mode is very common in academic writing.
The passive voice has been used.
The passive voice is being used in order to avoid taking responsibility for the policies' consequences.
The passive-aggressive behavior of the English teacher inhibits effective communication.
The passport important on your trip.
The passport is clearly fake.
The password has been changed.
The password is "Mountain". If someone says "Mountain", you reply "River".
The password is "Muiriel".
The password is 12345.
The password is long.
The password is short.
The password is too short. It has to be longer than 5 letters.
The password isn't working.
The password reset link was invalid, possibly because it has already been used.
The password should have a minimum of six characters.
The password was easily noticeable.
The password you have entered is invalid.
The passwords don't match.
The passwords were easy to figure out.
The past 50 years have seen a dramatic increase in the availability of fast food.
The past 6 months have made me a very happy girl.
The past and the future have no real existence. There is only Now, because Now escapes the dimensions of space-time.
The past and the present are within the field of my inquiry, but what a man may do in the future is a hard question to answer.
The past can only be known, not changed. The future can only be changed, not known.
The past can't be changed.
The past days don't determine what will happen in the new year.
The past doesn't come back.
The past few months have been rough.
The past has already passed. We should give thanks for our yesterdays. After all, a heap of them were necessary to arrive at today.
The past is a dream; the future is a dream; the present is the narrow plank thrown for an instant from the dream of the past to the dream of the future.
The past is a lie.
The past is catching up on us.
The past is just a lie.
The past is memory, the future is hope, and the present is an illusion.
The past is never coming back.
The past is never going to come back.
The past is no longer and the future is not yet.
The past is not dead; it isn't even past.
The past is nothing but a lie.
The past is over. What matters now is your future.
The past is the past, and what's dead is dead.
The past is the past.
The past is the past. There's nothing you can do about it.
The past is the present, isn't it? It's the future, too. We all try to lie out of that but life won't let us.
The past never comes back.
The past never dies; it has not even passed.
The past no longer returns.
The past participle must agree with the direct object if the direct object precedes it.
The past perfect is a verb tense used to talk about something that started and finished in the past before another action, which also occurred in the past, started.
The past serves as a map for the future.
The past should be left in the past.
The past three days have been cold.
The past three days have been hard.
The past three days have been hot.
The past three days have been very cold.
The past three days have been very hard.
The past three days have been very hot.
The past will never return.
The past will only become the future if you make it your present.
The past year was the hottest since weather records began.
The past you yearn for never existed.
The pasta I ate had too much basil.
The pasta at Benedito's restaurant is al dente.
The pasta didn't turn out right.
The pasta dishes here are fairly good, and the pizza is, too.
The pasta dishes here are fairly good; same goes for the pizza.
The pasta dishes here are fairly good; that goes for the pizza, as well.
The pasta here's pretty good. And the pizza too.
The pasta here’s pretty good. And the pizza too.
The pasta is overcooked.
The pasta strainer or colander, what Italians call a colapasta, is a must in every Italian and Italian-American kitchen.
The pasta was coated with the sauce before being baked.
The pasta was literally swimming in butter.
The pasta was overcooked.
The pasta you ate had too little salt.
The pastor asked his megachurch to fund his third private jet.
The pastor does not yet know who can cooperate tomorrow.
The pastor gave a fiery sermon that left the sinners among them shaking in their boots.
The pastor gave a sermon.
The pastor is in the church.
The pastor is nourished by the church.
The pastor of the church is Tom Jackson.
The pastor of the local Lutheran Church is considered a pillar of the community.
The pastor said Tom's going to burn in hell.
The pastor says Jesus hasn't returned yet because people haven't donated enough cash.
The pastor stood in the anteroom.
The pastor stressed the need to pray through over bitterness.
The pastor's sermons may bore you, but they are morally edifying.
The pastor’s sermons may bore you, but they are morally edifying.
The pastries with a thin film of gelatine atop were left alone by the wasps, who gorged themselves on the other articles in the bakery.
The pastry chef is decorating a cake with green owls made of buttercream frosting.
The pastry chef measured flour and sugar using a measuring cup.
The pastry is in the fridge.
The pastry shop is open.
The pastry was coated with a wafer-thin layer of chocolate.
The pasture has an area of 10 acres.
The pasture is full of weeds.
The pasture is owned by a local cattleman.
The pasture was covered with succulent green grass, perfect for grazing cows.
The pasty was delicious.
The pat on the back was offensive.
The path ascends steeply from there.
The path became steeper, and we had to slow down.
The path became steeper, and we had to slow our pace.
The path between the two houses was blocked by snow.
The path branches here.
The path continues straight ahead for miles on end.
The path dead-ends up ahead.
The path forks at this point.
The path forks.
The path had already been completely covered with snow.
The path in which he found himself led him to the Mermaiden's Fountain, and to the cottage of Alice.
The path is already completely covered with snow.
The path is as hard as stone.
The path is bordered with hedges.
The path is broken.
The path is direct.
The path is linear.
The path is lined by hedges.
The path is long.
The path is ruined.
The path is set.
The path is slippery.
The path is steep and rocky at the beginning.
The path is the goal.
The path is tight.
The path is unobstructed.
The path is yet far.
The path leads along the lake.
The path leads between some old houses.
The path leads past a picturesque settlement.
The path leads past a picturesque village.
The path leads to the tracks.
The path led along the river.
The path led to a clearing.
The path led to the village.
The path of an ant army shows no evidence of leadership.
The path of least resistance is always too crowded.
The path of least resistance is paved only at the beginning.
The path of virtue is very narrow and the path of vice is very wide and spacious.
The path passes through a picturesque housing development.
The path ran along the river.
The path ran the length of the river.
The path stretching from that house to the bamboo thicket was laid with stone paving.
The path that will save us the journey is the one that we take directly.
The path through the canyon seems steep.
The path through the forest was completely covered in snow.
The path through the forest was unlit and scary.
The path through the marsh was so wet that they almost stepped on a few frogs.
The path to Auschwitz was paved with indifference.
The path to be taken is visible.
The path to evil may bring great power, but not loyalty.
The path to him is cleared.
The path to that rural Algerian village took us through a dense forest.
The path to the summit was paved.
The path to town isn't nearby.
The path turns sharply at the bridge.
The path twists through the mountains.
The path up the hill was very steep.
The path was already completely covered with snow.
The path was covered with fallen leaves.
The path was covered with fallen plums.
The path was covered with leaves.
The path was covered with water, and we kept having near-misses with frogs.
The path was dappled with sunlight.
The path was dark and slippery.
The path was familiar.
The path was narrow.
The path was not clearly marked.
The path was overgrown.
The path was slippery.
The path was so narrow that a car would get scratched getting through it.
The path was strewn with fallen leaves.
The path was strewn with fallen plums.
The path was very narrow.
The path wasn't clearly marked.
The path which he traveled to go to the orangeries was swept away.
The path will take you to another field.
The path winds along the road.
The path winds through the woods.
The path zigzagged up the steep slope.
The path, sodden with rain, was extremely slippery.
The pathfinder sent by the soldiers is not persistent enough.
The pathology lab is just down the hall.
The pathos is too much.
The pathway will take you to the coast.
The pathways in the forest are marked.
The patience of the imam was phenomenal.
The patient breathed his last.
The patient can't keep his food down.
The patient complains of frequent headaches.
The patient could've died if it hadn't been for medical treatment.
The patient didn't have a fever.
The patient didn't respond to treatment.
The patient died from lung cancer.
The patient does not have any longer.
The patient doesn't have a pulse anymore.
The patient fainted at the sight of blood.
The patient felt none the better for having taken the new pills.
The patient felt the worse for having taken the pills.
The patient finally conquered his illness.
The patient gets a weakened version of the germ, which triggers the body's immune system to produce antibodies.
The patient got better little by little.
The patient got over the critical stage.
The patient got worse.
The patient had back pain at the thoraco-lumbar junction.
The patient had bilabial tears from the rapid delivery.
The patient had died before the doctor came.
The patient had elevated levels of N-acetyl-p-benzoquinone imine.
The patient hadn't touched her food, so the nurse cleared it away.
The patient has been attended carefully by a nurse.
The patient has lost a lot of blood.
The patient has no pulse.
The patient has regained consciousness.
The patient implored, "Please ... Break my arms!"
The patient in room 203 is on a ventilator to assist with breathing.
The patient injured his upper cervical posterior spinal artery by sneezing.
The patient is agitated.
The patient is always complaining of a headache.
The patient is being treated in ICU.
The patient is being treated in intensive care.
The patient is complaining of frequent headaches.
The patient is cured.
The patient is delirious.
The patient is doing well.
The patient is feverish this afternoon.
The patient is getting worse and worse day by day.
The patient is getting worse from one day to the next.
The patient is hallucinating.
The patient is holding his own.
The patient is hyperventilating.
The patient is in a deep coma.
The patient is in a state of profound stupor.
The patient is in critical condition.
The patient is in danger.
The patient is in hospital.
The patient is in intensive care.
The patient is lying flat on her back.
The patient is lying in bed.
The patient is more alive than dead.
The patient is much the same as yesterday.
The patient is now cured.
The patient is now out of danger.
The patient is now safe.
The patient is on a steady road to recovery.
The patient is on the mend.
The patient is on the road to recovery.
The patient is out of danger now.
The patient is recovering from his illness.
The patient is sick beyond all hope.
The patient is steadily recovering.
The patient is sterile.
The patient is suffering from acute cardiac pain.
The patient is suffering, agonizing.
The patient is unconscious.
The patient is up and about.
The patient lies in bed.
The patient lies on deathbed.
The patient looked healthy.
The patient lost his patience.
The patient lost patience.
The patient made a full recovery.
The patient may pass away at any moment.
The patient moved his lips slightly.
The patient must have an immediate operation.
The patient must immediately be operated on.
The patient needs to be looked after by a doctor. And the sooner the doctor looks after him, the better.
The patient needs to be operated on immediately.
The patient needs urgent surgery.
The patient received two doses of medicine.
The patient remained in bed.
The patient reported a dull ache.
The patient reported a tingling sensation.
The patient reported sharp pains in his leg.
The patient requires constant care.
The patient screamed in agony.
The patient seemed to be healthy.
The patient showed no awareness of where she was.
The patient showed the doctor his tongue.
The patient slowly got up and walked up the stairs.
The patient slowly woke up and went down the stairs.
The patient started coughing.
The patient stayed in bed.
The patient stepped onto the scale and waited for the digital display to show their weight.
The patient suffered a severe brain haemorrhage.
The patient suffers from hallucinations.
The patient was allowed up.
The patient was carried on a stretcher.
The patient was cured by the medication.
The patient was discharged from hospital.
The patient was hot with fever.
The patient was in danger.
The patient was looking healthy.
The patient was lying in the bed with her eyes closed.
The patient was lying in the bed with his eyes closed.
The patient was operated on in the morning.
The patient was pronounced brain-dead only a few hours ago.
The patient was quite beyond help, so that the doctors could do no more.
The patient was recovering daily.
The patient was released from the hospital.
The patient was transferred to the cardiology ward.
The patient was treated for a fractured mandible.
The patient was very skinny.
The patient was well cared for by the doctor.
The patient will be grateful if you make a donation.
The patient will soon recover from his illness.
The patient's case is stable but still requires monitoring.
The patient's condition changes every day.
The patient's condition changes from day to day.
The patient's condition improved.
The patient's condition is stable.
The patient's condition worsened.
The patient's descriptions of her family are vivid, but very cynical.
The patient's in the hospital.
The patient's injuries aren't life-threatening.
The patient's interests must always come first!
The patient's life was in danger.
The patient's lung tissue was damaged from years of working in a coal mine.
The patient's pulse and blood pressure are normal.
The patient's well-being shall be the highest law!
The patient, despite having taken the new medication, didn't feel any better.
The patients all worried.
The patients cannot wait.
The patients had difficulty walking.
The patients have trouble walking.
The patients in this study consisted of 30 males and 25 females.
The patients loved Karl.
The patients need you.
The patients participating in the drug trial don't know if they're receiving the drug or the placebo.
The patient’s condition changes from day to day.
The patient’s descriptions of her family are vivid, but very cynical.
The patient’s life was in danger.
The patient’s lung tissue was damaged from years of working in a coal mine.
The patio is very small.
The patriarchal system has always been more prevalent.
The patriot sticks to his moral principles.
The patriots rebelled on behalf of their homeland's rights.
The patriots stood up for the rights of their nation.
The patrol car pursued a speeding sports car, but it all ended in a wild-goose chase.
The patrol car skidded to a stop.
The patrol cars cover the whole of the area.
The patrol ship Sergey Kotov was one of the newest vessels in the Russian Black Sea Fleet.
The patrolman motioned me to pull over.
The patron appreciates genuine antiques.
The pattern is repeating itself.
The pattern is unmistakable.
The patterns are everywhere.
The patterns of the verb have to be learned.
The patterns of those pulsations have so far defied understanding.
The paucity of replies suggests that people either don't care, haven't seen it, or don't know what to say.
The paunchy man struggled to tie his shoes.
The pauper was begging for a living.
The paved road slowly turned into a winding dirt path.
The pavement is slippery.
The pavement is well maintained.
The pavement was slippery.
The pavements are carpeted with red leaves, and the air has the unmistakable smell of wet earth.
The pavilion already held about a dozen pregnant women about to give birth.
The pawn can at the same time attack two pieces ahead of him, one on the right and one on the left. A "fork" is then threatened and may occur.
The pawns are the soul of chess: it is they alone that determine the attack and the defense, and the winning or losing of the game depends entirely on their good or bad arrangement.
The pay cuts didn't go down well with the company staff.
The pay here is a joke.
The pay is based on sales.
The pay is good.
The pay is horrible.
The pay is meager.
The pay is meagre.
The pay is not adequate for a family of six.
The pay is not bad.
The pay is terrible and the hours are long.
The pay is terrible.
The pay isn't bad.
The pay still isn't very good.
The pay was better than his last job.
The pay was good, and that was their only motivation to participate in the study.
The pay was meager.
The pay wasn't very good.
The pay's not bad.
The payment Tom was getting did not satisfy him.
The payment didn't go through.
The payment for labor and return on invested capital was several millions.
The payment for the car will be made in 12 monthly installments.
The payment of this bill is due today.
The payment will be deferred for two years.
The payments were blocked just in time by alert law enforcement officials.
The payments were blocked just in time by law enforcement officials.
The payoff comes Sunday when the Stardust spacecraft releases its sample return capsule 110,000 kilometers from Earth. Project manager Tom Duxbury of the Jet Propulsion Laboratory in California says the capsule will enter the atmosphere at a record 45,000 kilometers per hour.
The peace activist died in captivity.
The peace and quiet didn't last for long.
The peace and quiet didn't last long.
The peace and quiet didn't last very long.
The peace between the two powers is maintained only by the balance of terror.
The peace negotiations will start this week.
The peace of life is good.
The peace of the Lord Jesus to all.
The peace talks begin this week.
The peace talks ended in failure.
The peace talks failed again, with both sides blaming the other for the failure.
The peace talks failed again.
The peace talks failed once again.
The peace talks have been suspended for a while.
The peace talks hit a stalemate over border issues.
The peace talks will be held the day after tomorrow.
The peace treaty was signed here.
The peace treaty will be signed tomorrow.
The peace we have today is the result of lengthy peace talks.
The peace we seek and need means much more than mere absence of war. It means the acceptance of law, and the fostering of justice, in all the world.
The peaceful transfer of authority is rare in history, yet common in our country.
The peacefulness of being out in the forest on these nights is incomparable. It keeps me balanced and reinforces that feeling of being connected to everything around me.
The peach is a delicious fruit.
The peach tree is beautiful when in flower.
The peach was juicy and sweet, bursting with flavor.
The peaches at the bottom of the basket are rotten.
The peaches cost twelve francs a kilo.
The peacock (Inachis io) is a beautiful and easily recognizable butterfly.
The peacock displayed vibrant plumage.
The peacock has a truly gorgeous tail.
The peacock has colourful tail feathers.
The peacock has fair feathers but foul feet.
The peacock is a feathered rainbow.
The peacock roamed the park.
The peacock strutted proudly.
The peacock's beautiful tail helps it attract females.
The peacock's eyespots were captivating.
The peacock's robe descends from the sky; When will you transcend colors and claims that lie?
The peacocks are hungry.
The peacock’s beautiful tail helps it attract females.
The peak is covered with snow.
The peak of Fujiyama was covered with snow.
The peak of Mount Everest is the highest spot in the world.
The peak of Mt. Everest is the highest place in the world.
The peak of mining employment in South Africa occurred during the 1980s.
The peak of the mountain is covered in snow in winter.
The peak of the mountain is covered with snow.
The peak of this mountain is over two thousand meters above sea level.
The peak rises above the clouds.
The peaks of the mountain are covered with snow.
The peal of thunder was so sudden and dreadful, that the old tower rocked to its foundation.
The peanut butter is on sale!
The pear falls under a pear.
The pear is very tasty.
The pear smells good.
The pear tree in the garden bears a lot of fruit.
The pears are big this year.
The pears aren't quite ripe yet.
The pears aren't ripe yet.
The pears of Korla are really sweet.
The pears we eat in Japan look almost like apples.
The peas have failed to pod.
The peasant is the master of the nation.
The peasant reaps the harvest.
The peasant scattered the seeds of grain.
The peasant will come back soon.
The peasantry revolted wielding pitchforks and clubs.
The peasants are planting rice.
The peasants complained of excessive taxation.
The peasants raised a pole against a wall, and tied a sheaf of oats on to the top, so that the little birds might have a good meal on the happy Christmas day.
The peasants rose up in rebellion against the ruler.
The peasants say it is the Hound of the Baskervilles calling for its prey.
The peasants were planting rice.
The pebble I threw skipped along the surface of the water.
The peculiar form of the mineral known as staurolite is due to the twinning of two crystals at right angles.
The peculiarities of our author are not many, and bear chiefly on lexicology, not on grammar or style, which show the most intimate acquaintance with the classic language.
The peddler carried a big bundle on his back.
The pedestrian area is a former road for vehicle traffic.
The pedestrian is crossing the road.
The pedestrian lights change straight back to red just after they turn green. You have to be really quick.
The pedestrian was hit by a car.
The pedestrians must cross only at the green light.
The pedestrians walk on the sidewalk.
The peephole is too high up on the door.
The peephole showed no one there.
The pelican dove into the ocean to catch some fish.
The pelican is injured and can't fly.
The pelts were too damaged to be sold, so he used them to make his son a pair of mittens.
The pen I am writing with belongs to Tom.
The pen I gave Sarah was red.
The pen I lost yesterday was a new one.
The pen I lost yesterday was new.
The pen I used to write is red.
The pen I'm holding now is not yours.
The pen I'm writing with belongs to Tom.
The pen Sarah gave me is not blue.
The pen always beats the sword.
The pen costs one dollar.
The pen dried out.
The pen fell to the floor.
The pen has a very fine nib.
The pen has black ink.
The pen has run out of ink.
The pen is broken.
The pen is in the box.
The pen is mightier than the sword.
The pen is on the desk.
The pen is on the table.
The pen is spilling ink.
The pen is the language of the soul.
The pen is the tongue of the soul.
The pen is white.
The pen landed on my lap.
The pen slipped out of his hand.
The pen that I use to write with, is green.
The pen that I'm writing with belongs to Tom.
The pen was invented in 1938 by two Hungarian brothers, and first went on the market in Argentina.
The pen which I lost yesterday was a new one.
The pen you got from the table is Sarah's.
The pen you saw on the floor is not mine.
The pen you saw on the table is mine.
The pen you're holding now is mine.
The penalty for spitting is five pounds.
The penalty is death.
The penalty was missed.
The pencil I lost yesterday was an old one.
The pencil became worn out from all the writing.
The pencil case is now under the table.
The pencil case is on the table.
The pencil case was full of dry-erase markers.
The pencil cases are old.
The pencil fell out of my hand.
The pencil has become short.
The pencil has rolled under the settee.
The pencil has rolled under the sofa.
The pencil has run out of lead.
The pencil is black.
The pencil is blunt.
The pencil is blunt. It needs sharpening.
The pencil is not long.
The pencil is on the book.
The pencil is on the desk.
The pencil is on the floor.
The pencil is small.
The pencil lead broke.
The pencil rolled under the couch.
The pencil rolled under the settee.
The pencil rolled under the sofa.
The pencil which writes well is mine.
The pencil you used to write the poem was blunt.
The pencils are sold in dozens.
The pencils have already been bought.
The pendant hanging from her necklace is bright green.
The pendant on her necklace is bright green.
The pendulum swung back and forth.
The penguin jumped out of the water.
The penguin leapt out of the water.
The penguin sprang out of the water.
The penguin was eaten by a polar bear.
The penguin was expelled from the group.
The penguins are deathly ill.
The penguins huddled together to stay warm.
The peninsula has been inhabited since prehistoric times.
The penis entered the vagina.
The penis is one of the male reproductive organs.
The penis is one of the masculine sexual organs.
The penis is what commits adultery.
The penis of a dwarf elephant can reach the half meter in length.
The pennons flapped in the wind.
The penny eventually dropped!
The pension is not sufficient for living expenses.
The pension office is located across the street from the government office complex.
The pensions are a problem in Greece's negotiations with its international creditors.
The pentagram is an important symbol in witchcraft.
The people I lend money to never pay me back.
The people I usually do that with are Tom and Mary.
The people I work for are very nice.
The people I work with are all very kind.
The people I work with are great.
The people I work with are quite smart.
The people I work with are very nice.
The people I work with are very talented.
The people I work with suck.
The people acclaimed him King.
The people all praised the emperor's clothes without telling him the truth so as not to seem stupid, until a little boy said, "The emperor is naked!"
The people all praised the emperor’s clothes without telling him the truth so as not to seem stupid, until a little boy said, "The emperor is naked!"
The people almost starved during the terrible winter.
The people are afraid to express perspectives that differ from the government's position.
The people are always friendly.
The people are angry.
The people are confused.
The people are demanding reforms.
The people are determined to topple the regime at any cost.
The people are free.
The people are friendly here.
The people are like children: they must smash everything to see what is inside.
The people are not enough to carry the piano.
The people are on the team.
The people are outside.
The people are playing baseball.
The people are responding furiously to his lie.
The people are silent.
The people are so friendly.
The people are suffering.
The people are tired.
The people are under pressure.
The people are very friendly here.
The people are very friendly.
The people around him watched, with ever-increasing jealousy, his well-balanced and happy family life, loving wife and significantly improved financial situation.
The people around me were stunned.
The people at SETI are looking for intelligent life in the universe because they haven't found it here on Earth!
The people at large are against war.
The people at large are hoping for great changes in the light of the present situation.
The people at large were against the war.
The people at this store are very friendly, and get very many customers as a result.
The people began to grumble against God.
The people behind the scam were caught.
The people came out of their houses to listen to his music.
The people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same way in any country.
The people can be its own tyrant, and this happens a lot.
The people come from there.
The people could repel the invasion.
The people cried for help.
The people crowded around the boy.
The people crowded round the injured man, but they made way for the doctor when he reached the scene of the accident.
The people demand reform.
The people demand social justice.
The people demanded answers.
The people deprived him of his rights.
The people deserve better.
The people did not reach consensus on taxation.
The people didn't believe me.
The people don't know it.
The people don't like the birds.
The people don't want to know the truth.
The people don’t like the birds.
The people eating at that table are tightrope walkers and acrobats.
The people elected Tom president.
The people enjoyed a taste of freedom.
The people enthusiastically applauded the major.
The people exited the stadium in a crowd.
The people expected a victory speech.
The people exulted over their good luck.
The people fear war.
The people followed the dictator like so many sheep.
The people for the experiment were chosen at random.
The people found her to be off-putting.
The people from Colombia speak Spanish.
The people from Madrid are crazy.
The people from Madrid are lunatics.
The people from ancient times used the stone of the avocado fruit to make syrup.
The people from the country are probably more easygoing than those from the city.
The people gathered about us.
The people gathered around a round table.
The people gathered outside.
The people going to Ueno Park are lonely.
The people got excited at the news.
The people groaned under the burden of heavy taxation.
The people hailed the victory.
The people have become angry.
The people have made their preparations for the trip.
The people have spoken.
The people he is living with in London are coming to see me.
The people he lives with in London will be coming to visit me.
The people here always assume that I'm Jewish when they find out that I don't celebrate Christmas. Then they find out that I don't celebrate Hanukkah either, and then they can't tell what I am.
The people here are accustomed to the cold.
The people here are crazy for football.
The people here are good.
The people here are particular about what they eat, so even if a restaurant is inexpensive, it'll soon go out of business if the food doesn't taste good.
The people here are really friendly.
The people here are used to the cold.
The people here are very friendly.
The people here are very ill!
The people here are well off.
The people here don't have the slightest idea of what satire is!
The people here live a peaceful life.
The people in Australia are great.
The people in Australia are very friendly.
The people in Boston are great.
The people in Boston are very friendly.
The people in Boston were awesome.
The people in Brazil were proud of him.
The people in M.C. Escher's lithograph, "Ascending and Descending", seem to climb up and up a set of stairs, but keep returning to the same level where they started. This is an optical illusion. Could there be a similar musical illusion? Could someone design a musical scale that always seems to be going up in pitch but also goes all the way around to the beginning? Someone could, and did.
The people in charge are Tom and Mary.
The people in the auditorium were pretty quiet.
The people in the back of the room couldn't hear the speaker.
The people in the back of the room were all standing.
The people in the bar were dismayed on hearing the news.
The people in the bar were dismayed when they heard the news.
The people in the flat above make a lot of noise.
The people in the next room stay up until all hours doing God knows what.
The people in the office will never agree.
The people in the other room are speaking French.
The people in the rear of the room could not hear the speaker.
The people in the room all know one another.
The people in the room didn't say anything.
The people in the room said nothing.
The people in the village fell ill one after another.
The people in the village welcomed Tom with open arms.
The people in this area are very friendly.
The people in this picture are Tom's ancestors.
The people in this town, generally speaking, are kind to visitors.
The people in this village still keep up old traditions.
The people in this village still maintain old traditions.
The people inside the room couldn't get out.
The people knew he did not like them.
The people know what you are talking about.
The people laughed till she said, "Burn!"
The people liked this song.
The people listened to the speaker attentively.
The people living here are my friends.
The people living here belong to the upper class.
The people living in that village habitually carry together several heaps of nuts, each heap being of the size of a net that is formed by two people's four hands.
The people look like ants.
The people look like trash from here.
The people looked so tiny from up there.
The people love freedom.
The people most likely to embrace conspiracy theories are less inquisitive and often exhibit narcissistic tendencies, such as an inflated sense of self-importance, a deep need for attention and admiration, troubled relationships, a lack of empathy for others and fragile self-esteem.
The people need food.
The people never give up their liberties but under some delusion.
The people next door were annoyed with us for making so much noise last night.
The people of Algiers look at the future with optimism.
The people of Algiers look forward to the future.
The people of America fought for their independence.
The people of Atlantis had advanced technology.
The people of Austria are ethnically German.
The people of Bangladesh are friendly and welcoming.
The people of Boston hated the British soldiers.
The people of Britain deserve better.
The people of Casablanca panicked.
The people of Galilee are not precise in their speech. What does this mean? There was a certain man of Galilee who would say, "Who has amar? Who has amar?" They would say to him, "Foolish Galilean, do you mean a donkey (ḥamor) to ride, or wine (ḥamar) to drink, wool (amar) to wear or a lamb (imar) to slaughter?"
The people of Gaza and the West Bank are only half of the Palestinian people.
The people of Gaza are living under a crippling blockade.
The people of Hartlepool are referred to as "monkey hangers".
The people of Iran seek peace.
The people of London are very proud of this bridge.
The people of Massachusetts were extremely angry.
The people of Montenegro want to join the EU.
The people of North Africa are Berber, but they think they're Arab and they swear to you, cause they believe that.
The people of North Africa became known as the Berbers.
The people of Sweden, champions of diversity and understanding, distance themselves from and condemn the provocative act of burning copies of the Quran perpetrated by a minority group of far-right individuals.
The people of Sweden, renowned for their progressive values, have no association with and vehemently denounce the provocative act of burning copies of the Quran carried out by certain far-right extremists.
The people of Sweden, with their strong belief in peaceful coexistence and interfaith dialogue, have no involvement in and vehemently disapprove of the provocative act of burning copies of the Quran perpetrated by extremist elements.
The people of Sydney ought to be afraid of the sharks, but for some reason they do not seem to be.
The people of Taiwan deserve prosperity.
The people of Taiwan, like everyone else, have the right to self-determination.
The people of Taourirt Mimoun like to express their emotional attachment to Algeria.
The people of Taourirt Mimoun love Algeria and are patriotic to the core.
The people of Taourirt Mimoun love Algeria, their country.
The people of Western Sahara have the right to determine their own political status and freely pursue their economic, social, and cultural development.
The people of ancient Babylonia and Persia began their new year on March twenty-first, the first day of spring.
The people of old had many funny stories.
The people of old were simple through honesty; the people of today are clever through artificiality.
The people of that country speak a language that they call 'Dari'.
The people of the Algerian province of Jijel speak an Arabic dialect highly influenced by Berber.
The people of the Babors area, in Kabylie, speak their own Berber dialect that's quite different from Kabyle.
The people of the Kabyle village of Maraghna bravely took part in the liberation of Algeria.
The people of the Philippines are called Filipinos.
The people of the United States fought for their independence.
The people of the area can feel unwelcoming.
The people of the island asked us for help.
The people of the nobles are a house of bread.
The people of the tribe saw this as an omen.
The people of the village built a wooden bridge across the river.
The people of the world hate anyone who presumes to control the whole world.
The people of this country are sick and tired of politics as usual.
The people of this country have become disillusioned with the political establishment.
The people of this village live in harmony with nature.
The people of your country have no mental discipline.
The people on board thrust their way toward the rear exit.
The people on the island are friendly.
The people on the island are kind.
The people on this earth are all mortals.
The people on whom my destiny depends just turned away from me.
The people pleaser in Melissa always seeks validation and approval from others.
The people pleaser in Rodrigo finds it hard to assert himself in social situations.
The people praised him for his courage.
The people present were surprised.
The people protested against the low altitude flight training.
The people pushed their way in.
The people rebelled against the king.
The people rejected the constitution.
The people resisted their cruel ruler.
The people responsible are going to carry on in the same old way.
The people responsible for the opioid epidemic will never face any consequences.
The people revolted against the tyranny.
The people revolted against their rulers.
The people rose up against the invaders.
The people saved their country from the enemies.
The people saved their homeland from its enemies.
The people set up a new government.
The people should not understand you, they should fear you.
The people sought truth in every nook and cranny, and it was there between them that the truth was crushed.
The people split into two parties.
The people standing around were all strangers.
The people standing around were amused and laughed at the brave little dog.
The people standing near the gate are Tom and Mary.
The people stood on their feet and began singing.
The people stood up and began to sing.
The people stood up so as to see the parade better.
The people stood up to get a better view of the parade.
The people suffered terribly.
The people suffered under the cruel tyrant.
The people tend to shorten their words as they speak and some of these sound more like contractions rather than separate words.
The people that died were all volunteer firefighters.
The people that say English is an easy language probably only speak English.
The people that we met in Boston were really friendly.
The people that we've been waiting for have finally arrived.
The people there are not so dumb.
The people there are very friendly.
The people there are very hardworking and above all, cooperative.
The people there live in unbelievable poverty.
The people there made way for the fire engine.
The people there were amazingly friendly.
The people there were not nice.
The people there were really friendly.
The people there weren't nice.
The people therefore took dough before it was leavened; and tying it in their cloaks, put it on their shoulders.
The people thirst for freedom.
The people thought that he was a distinguished scientist.
The people toppled the dictator.
The people tried to clear the street of snow.
The people united more closely around their leader Heydar Aliyev.
The people united will never be defeated!
The people united will never be defeated.
The people upstairs come home late at night.
The people voted in November.
The people waiting for the bus seemed impatient.
The people want peace.
The people want to overthrow the regime.
The people want to translate more interesting things.
The people want to translate things that are more interesting.
The people wanted a chance to become rich.
The people we meet in books can delight us either because they resemble the friends we hold dear in real life, or because they are unfamiliar people that we are pleased to get to know.
The people we met in Boston were really friendly.
The people we've been waiting for have finally arrived.
The people were amazingly friendly.
The people were bruised and the cities were on their knees.
The people were driven from their burning cities.
The people were evacuated because of the flood.
The people were ferried across the river.
The people were in a line to get the signature of the president.
The people were not bad, but they were stingy.
The people were really friendly.
The people were rescued all but one.
The people were screaming.
The people were silent.
The people were subjugated by a vast empire.
The people were through with violence.
The people were very friendly.
The people were very unfriendly there.
The people which were here have all gone.
The people who are made most unsafe on the subway are the ones who are choked to death for being mentally ill.
The people who are not in a hurry stand on the right side of the escalator.
The people who are not in a hurry walk on the right side of the staircase.
The people who came up with your talking points also hate you.
The people who can help you are Tom and Mary.
The people who claim to hate unnatural things sure do have a problem with nudity.
The people who come on the Maury Povich show often make pretentious claims about their lovers cheating on them.
The people who don't ask you anything are the best comforters.
The people who experienced being unjustly treated are speaking out.
The people who helped us yesterday are back again today.
The people who left yesterday are from Scotland.
The people who live here are our friends.
The people who live in Japan must act according to the Japanese Constitution.
The people who live in Japan must act according to the Japanese country constitution.
The people who live in the north of Japan enjoy skiing in the winter in the snow.
The people who live in this part of Algiers are young professionals.
The people who live there are friends of ours.
The people who live there are our friends.
The people who lived in that country were not able speak out against their leaders.
The people who matter are Tom and Mary.
The people who reside here are our friends.
The people who stand here are waiting for the bus.
The people who stay in prison are called prisoners.
The people who wear overcoats are so cool. I love them.
The people who were here have all gone.
The people who were involved in Pierrette's death do not have the slightest regrets.
The people who work at a Renaissance festival are called "rennies."
The people who work at a carnival are called "carnies."
The people whom I meet are kind.
The people whose houses were demolished received lodging in the square.
The people will decide at the ballot box.
The people will presumably elect a new ruler.
The people with whom I work are all very kind.
The people with whom you are personally related by blood aren't always the nicest and are oftentimes the people that will look for ways to hurt you the most among other people.
The people won't stand for any more empty promises.
The people working here seem to know what they're doing.
The people you meet along the way are truly amazing, and I get SO much energy from that!
The people you're imitating hate Muslims, too.
The people's fears aren't groundless.
The people's hardships are our hardships.
The people's opinion can change.
The people, fed up with the politicians' lies, thievery and deceit, kicked 'em into a bottomless pit. The pit became almost full.
The peoples who most recently inhabited the coast of South Texas were the Coahuiltecans and the Karankawas. Both were groups of interrelated nomadic hunter-gatherer bands that roamed the coast and inland for some distance.
The people next door asked us to be quieter.
The pep rally was loud.
The pepper is black and the salt is white.
The peppermint flavor in this mouthwash is too strong.
The per capita consumption of rice of Japanese people is about half of what it was fifty years ago.
The percentage of carbohydrates in animal cells is approximately 6 percent.
The percentage of illiteracy in that country is 36%.
The percentage of lipids in an animal cell is about 8%.
The percentage of people that need to have antibodies in order to provide herd immunity varies from disease to disease.
The perception of beauty is a moral test.
The perception of extraterrestrials as gods hinges on human psychology and cultural context. Imagine a scenario: a sleek, shimmering craft descends, and beings emerge who can heal diseases with a touch, manipulate gravity, or communicate telepathically. To a medieval peasant—or even a modern person unfamiliar with advanced tech—this might scream "divine intervention." Anthropologically, we see this pattern in cargo cults of the Pacific, where isolated tribes revered WWII airmen as gods because their planes and goods defied explanation.
The percolator has packed up.
The percolator is not working.
The percolator is on the blink.
The percolator is out of order.
The percolator isn't working.
The percolator's not working.
The peregrine falcon is a very fast bird.
The peregrine falcon is the fastest animal.
The peregrine falcon was removed from the endangered species list a few years ago. Programs to protect the bird are active in many states in rocky coastal areas of the United States. Park Ranger Bill Hebb says their return to former nesting sites at Harpers Ferry has reestablished an important link to America's ecological past.
The perfect couple made everyone miserable.
The perfect family doesn't exist.
The perfect is the enemy of the good.
The perfect leather duffel bag would hold everything you need for a weekend away.
The perfect storm is in the making.
The perfect triangle started to get messy.
The performance began at 8:00.
The performance by the community orchestra was a delight.
The performance by the young violinist was awesome.
The performance ended at 10 p.m.
The performance ended at ten in the evening.
The performance got get terrific applause from the audience.
The performance got off to a rocky start.
The performance lasts two and a half hours.
The performance of electric cars has improved.
The performance of male and female students doesn't significantly differ.
The performance of the learners in German schools is graded according to a scale 1 to 6.
The performance of the one-armed swordsman caught a lot of attention.
The performance received a five-star review.
The performance received terrific applause from the audience.
The performance starts in a few minutes.
The performance was a huge success.
The performance was a total fiasco.
The performance was almost over.
The performance was excellent.
The performance was low-keyed.
The performance was outstanding.
The performance was over.
The performance was received with applause.
The performance was so weird and it turned me off.
The performance will begin at 8:00.
The performance, intended as a message of love, healing and hope to Italy and the world, brought people to pray together.
The performances are staged in a large cavern referred to as The Volcano Room.
The performer relied on hype and headlines to stoke up interest in her music.
The performer, revelling in the limelight, did not notice the audience's shift in attention.
The performers danced whilst singing - they performed extremely well.
The performing seals came on next.
The performing seals come on next.
The perfume I like isn't sold here.
The perfume bottle has a blue cap.
The perfume is too strong.
The perfume of roses filled the room.
The perfume that I like is not sold in here.
The perfume that I like isn't sold here.
The perfume's smell is excessively harsh.
The perfume's smell is overpowering.
The perfumer stroked his wiry, red-tinged beard.
The perihelion is the point where an object in orbit around the Sun is nearest to the Sun.
The perimeter has been breached.
The period abandoned him.
The period at the end of the sentence is missing.
The period indicates the end of this boring sentence.
The period is missing at the end of the sentence.
The period is missing.
The period is referred to as the Stone Age.
The period must be placed outside the quotation marks.
The period of exploration and colonization of the Solar System lasted five thousand years, like the Mediterranean Sea of olden days.
The period of hot weather is very short here.
The periodic flooding of the Nile is very important to Egypt.
The periodic table is a presentation of the chemical elements in order of increasing atomic number.
The periodical costs less than the book.
The periscope allows the crewmen of the submarine to see everything that happens above the surface.
The permafrost is thawing.
The permanent population isn't big.
The permutations ever increase in value, for the crest of that hill lies far ahead indeed.
The perpetrator could almost completely remove all traces.
The perpetrator used a sledgehammer to smash his way through reinforced glass doors.
The perpetrator was Canadian.
The perpetrator was arrested by an off-duty police officer.
The perpetrator was dressed like a clown.
The perpetrator was obviously insane.
The perpetrators haven't been caught yet.
The perpetrators made their getaway in a black estate car with a Duisburg number plate.
The perpetrators received a well-deserved punishment.
The perpetrators still could not be caught.
The perpetrators still haven't been caught.
The persecution of political opponents is a base and vile act that violates many of the foundations of modern human law.
The persimmon is a sweet fruit, slightly spicy with a soft and sometimes fibrous texture.
The persisting stigma of leprosy often presents a barrier to otherwise highly effective medical treatment.
The person I am angry with is my brother.
The person I am thinking of is Mary.
The person I am writing to is my mother.
The person I look forward to working with is Tom.
The person I met yesterday was Tom.
The person I saw at the bus stop wasn't Tom.
The person I saw was a man, not a woman.
The person I usually do that with is Tom.
The person I was just talking to is Tom.
The person I was speaking to wasn't Tom at all.
The person I was speaking to wasn't Tom.
The person Tom and I were waiting for didn't turn up.
The person Tom is talking to is Mary.
The person Tom misses the most is Mary.
The person Tom most gets along with is his father.
The person Tom thought he'd killed is still alive.
The person Tom was talking to was a woman, I think.
The person above me is the department manager.
The person addressed in the song seems to be rather insecure.
The person carried the piano.
The person didn't come to know about it.
The person didn't come.
The person doing that now is Tom.
The person entering the store is my little sister.
The person entering the store is my younger sister.
The person from Egypt speaks Arabic.
The person from whom I received the news told me to keep it a secret.
The person helping Tom is Mary.
The person hugging Elias was the president.
The person in charge is Tom.
The person in charge was named Tom.
The person in front of you is also the person furthest behind you.
The person in question is now staying in America.
The person in question is now staying in the Unites States.
The person in the middle had a gun.
The person in the seat next to me started talking to me.
The person in this picture isn't you, Tom.
The person introduced himself as Paul.
The person is clearly insane.
The person is drinking water.
The person matched the description.
The person my boss has a grudge against is me.
The person needs a good result with this language.
The person needs good results with this language.
The person often talked in a didactic manner, so he was disliked by many of us.
The person on the left ruins the balance of the picture.
The person reading a book on the bench under the tree is Tom.
The person reading a book over there is my father.
The person responsible for the error has been fired.
The person responsible has been fired.
The person ruling from the shadows was Mary.
The person she's talking to is Allan.
The person sitting next to me started talking to me.
The person sitting on the sofa is my grandmother.
The person speaking a different language among Esperantists said a kind word!
The person standing at the front of the room is a professor in the History Department.
The person standing in line immediately in front of Tom is Mary.
The person standing near the gate is Tom.
The person that I saw was a man, not a woman.
The person that Susan is taller than is Mary.
The person that Tom thought he'd killed is still alive.
The person that told me the mall closes at 9:00 p.m. was wrong.
The person they believed was a male person was in fact a female person.
The person they were talking about wasn't Tom.
The person to blame is me.
The person to whom the letter was sent died three years ago.
The person to whom the news was reported was my father.
The person was a fully grown man.
The person we need to tell now is Tom.
The person we're trying to catch is very dangerous.
The person who analyzes discovers the right path.
The person who breaks his word breaks also a hope.
The person who can help you is Tom.
The person who cannot decide to cultivate the habit of thinking deprives themselves of life's greatest pleasure.
The person who consumes chili will be parched.
The person who descended from the coach was a woman of about 22 or 23 with, if I had to say, a plain appearance. At a glance, I knew that she was a guest coming from Paris. She was alone.
The person who did it is gone.
The person who did that has already left.
The person who did that yesterday was Tom.
The person who did this was either Tom or Mary.
The person who donated this money wishes to remain anonymous.
The person who gave me this painting was Tom.
The person who had plucked the other fruit had either been afraid of climbing to the top of the tree, or had not cared to knock this apple down; or maybe this beautiful apple had been purposely preserved for some love-sick shepherd.
The person who is accountable for this clinic is me.
The person who kept the dress all the time was Sandra.
The person who killed your brother was me.
The person who likes pepper.
The person who made this couscous doesn't know how to cook.
The person who opened the door and came in was an utter stranger.
The person who planted the bomb hasn't been caught.
The person who reflects acts wisely.
The person who shot JFK worked for the CIA.
The person who stabbed Tom was never caught.
The person who taught me how to do that is Tom.
The person who used to do that for me has died.
The person who wants nothing, hopes for nothing, and fears nothing can never be an artist.
The person who wants to do that is Tom.
The person who wants to speak to you is already downstairs.
The person who wants to talk to you is already downstairs.
The person who was killed wasn't Tom.
The person who wrote that book is possessed of both humour and wit, isn't he?
The person who wrote that book is possessed of both humour and wit, isn’t he?
The person who wrote this book has never been to Russia.
The person who's doing that now is Tom.
The person who's doing that now's Tom.
The person who's helping Tom is Mary.
The person whose name was on the passport was described with words.
The person with the dog was so slow on the hill.
The person with the flag is waving it.
The person you have called cannot be reached at the moment.
The person you're looking for isn't here.
The personal is political.
The personal loan is a flexible option for financing short-term projects.
The personality of Jasper is familiar to the author, so he works for a month or two and remoulds the play to fit him.
The peso is still undervalued and has room to appreciate.
The pet bit Tom's foot.
The pet store next to my house sells the best pet food you can get.
The petals are a delicate violet and pink color.
The petals are floating on the water.
The petals are yellow.
The petals floated on the surface of the water.
The petals of the rose are red.
The petals of this rose are very tender.
The petals were scarlet with streaks of gold.
The petite woman with flowing black hair and high-heeled sandals stands on a church’s steps, looking more Italian than Sophia Loren. She hands out an Italian breakfast staple — cornetti — pastries filled with custard — to a half-dozen Americans. As they nibble, Mazzaglia, Toni for short, introduces herself.
The petition has garnered over 10,000 signatures.
The petrol containers have been punctured.
The petrol containers were punctured.
The petrol price is going up.
The petrol pump attendant wasn't very thrilled when we only bought a newspaper from him.
The petrol station is just a few streets away.
The petrol station is open seven days a week.
The petrol station ran out of petrol, so we had to fill up at the next station.
The petrologist studies the rocks.
The phantom was gone.
The pharaohs of Egypt were considered gods on earth.
The pharmaceutical companies killed her.
The pharmaceutical company is located nearby.
The pharmaceutical company is looking for the Elixir of Life to stop the ageing process.
The pharmaceutical company raised the price of a lifesaving drug overnight.
The pharmacist died of an overdose.
The pharmacist gave me a white powder.
The pharmacist gave me some white powder.
The pharmacist handed me the medicine.
The pharmacist made up the prescription for me.
The pharmacist passed himself off as a doctor.
The pharmacist sold me the medications.
The pharmacist sold me the medicine.
The pharmacist sold me the medicines.
The pharmacy is near the hospital.
The pharmacy is on Fresno Street.
The pharmacy is round the corner.
The pharmacy isn't far from the hospital.
The pharmacy isn't more than a two or three minute walk from here.
The pharmacy was out of cough medicine.
The pharyngeal part of the throat is behind the nose and mouth.
The phase 2 clinical trial involved 220 people with MS. The patients were divided into four groups. Two received injections of Ocrelizumab at two different doses, one got the standard MS drug, interferon-beta, and the final “control” group was given a placebo.
The phases of the Moon result from the angle the Moon makes with the Sun as viewed from Earth.
The phases of the moon are as follows: full moon, last quarter, new moon, and first quarter.
The pheasant would not be shot but for its cries.
The pheasant, the bustard, the deaf wild peacock, the moorhen, the partridge, the woodcock and the thrush are said to be delicacies.
The phenomenal progress of Interlingua is proof of the soundness of its underlying principles, but without the wise guidance and the contagious drive of one man — Mr. Watson Davis, Director of Science Service — we would not and could not be where we actually are.
The phenomenon also prompted the Australian Reptile Park in Somersby, north of Sydney, to issue a warning Wednesday regarding funnel web spiders, considered one of the world’s deadliest, and indigenous to New South Wales State.
The phenomenon is typical of our modern era.
The phenomenon of esprit de l'escalier is why I rehearse conversations in my head beforehand.
The phenomenon of interest is in itself, a most interesting subject.
The phenomenon of the inner moral life takes place only at a certain age. That age, which for everyone lies between twenty-two and twenty-eight, is the period of great thoughts, of fresh conceptions, because it is the age of immense desires, the age of utter certainty: whoever expresses doubt admits to weakness.
The phenomenon seemed paranormal in nature.
The philanthropist had made billions of dollars from selling software and was now unstinting in his efforts to combat several debilitating tropical diseases.
The philanthropist tried to use her wealth to help people in need.
The philharmonic has seen new audiences accessing the virtual concerts, and when they come to Paris, they may go to a real concert.
The philosopher Socrates discussed death with his friends in prison.
The philosopher claimed that life is a dream, and dreams are reality.
The philosopher is known for her gnomic diction.
The philosopher is known for his gnomic diction.
The philosopher's stone could transmute every precious metal into gold.
The philosopher's stone was a legendary substance capable of turning base metals into gold.
The philosophers have only interpreted the world in various ways; the point, however, is to change it.
The philosophers of the 19th century were strongly influenced by the book.
The philosophical descendants of the author of the Organon were notorious for their ignorance of logic, and in ethics had approximated considerably to the Stoic teaching.
The philosophy of the Roman emperor Marcus Aurelius can be found in a collection of personal writings known as the Meditations.
The philosophy teacher has become redundant, making his class totally boring.
The phlebotomist scared herself by practicing her craft on a balloon.
The phloem, composed of sieve elements cells which connect to form a tube, conducts food and water both ways in a plant.
The phoenix rose from its ashes.
The phone [b] exists in the language only as an allophone of /p/.
The phone battery is low.
The phone belongs to you?
The phone beside Felix started ringing.
The phone bill was very high this month.
The phone buzzed in his pocket.
The phone buzzed incessantly.
The phone buzzed with notifications.
The phone call was a trick to get him out of the house.
The phone call was recorded.
The phone charger doesn't work.
The phone company cut me off last month.
The phone continued ringing.
The phone didn't ring.
The phone died.
The phone does not ring.
The phone doesn't even get reception.
The phone doesn't usually wake me up.
The phone doesn't work at the moment.
The phone doesn't work right now.
The phone doesn't work, Mr. Tamori.
The phone doesn’t work right now.
The phone doesn’t work, Mr. Tamori.
The phone flew across the room.
The phone is busy.
The phone is in my bag.
The phone is in the bag.
The phone is on the table.
The phone is out of order.
The phone is ringing!
The phone is ringing.
The phone is under the quilt.
The phone is very used.
The phone is working.
The phone is your desk.
The phone just turned off.
The phone keeps ringing today!
The phone kept ringing.
The phone line went dead.
The phone line's been cut.
The phone lines had been cut off by Ziri's men.
The phone needs to be charged.
The phone needs to be recharged.
The phone number for the Thursday evening phone conference is 415-904-8873.
The phone on the counter rang.
The phone on the counter wasn't working.
The phone rang a few seconds after Claudio went outside.
The phone rang again.
The phone rang and Antonio rushed to pick up the call.
The phone rang and Tom answered it.
The phone rang five times before Gunter picked up.
The phone rang for a long time.
The phone rang for quite a long time.
The phone rang several more times, but Felix didn't pick up.
The phone rang sometimes.
The phone rang three times before Tom answered it.
The phone rang three times.
The phone rang twice, then went to voice mail.
The phone rang twice.
The phone rang when I was having lunch.
The phone rang when I was in the bathtub.
The phone rang while I was eating lunch.
The phone rang while I was having a shower.
The phone rang while I was in the shower.
The phone rang while I was showering.
The phone rang while I was taking a bath, as usual.
The phone rang while I was taking a shower.
The phone rang while I was under the shower.
The phone rang, but I didn't answer.
The phone rang, but no one answered.
The phone rang, but nobody answered it.
The phone rang, but nobody answered.
The phone rang, waking Tom up.
The phone rang.
The phone rings approximately fifty times an hour.
The phone rings.
The phone started ringing.
The phone startled us in our sleep at the crack of dawn this morning.
The phone stopped ringing.
The phone stopped working.
The phone suddenly rang.
The phone took the picture.
The phone usually wakes me up.
The phone was abruptly hung up.
The phone was clearly broken.
The phone was off the hook.
The phone was on the table.
The phone was out of order again.
The phone was ringing, but nobody answered it.
The phone was ringing, but there was no one to answer it.
The phone went dead.
The phone went silent.
The phone will always ring when you're sitting on the toilet.
The phone won't charge without an adaptor.
The phone wouldn't stop ringing.
The phone's charging.
The phone's dying.
The phone's not working at the moment.
The phone's ringing, but no one's picking it up.
The phone's ringing.
The phone's ringing. Aren't you going to answer it?
The phone's ringing. I'll get it if you want.
The phone's stopped working.
The phone's unplugged.
The phones aren't working.
The phones aren’t working.
The phones have never stopped ringing today.
The phones were all broken.
The phone’s ringing. I’ll get it if you want.
The phorminx, the kitharis, the krotala and the aulos — string and wind instruments reconstructed by musical group Lyravlos — echoed among marble statues in Athens's National Archaeological Museum as part of World Music Day celebrations.
The photo Mary took of an anemone colony won an important national photography contest.
The photo album contains mostly family photos.
The photo album was dusty and hidden in a corner of the attic.
The photo album was passed round until it eventually came back to Tom. Everyone really liked the pictures.
The photo appears staged.
The photo artist had trouble expressing himself.
The photo belongs to her.
The photo brought back many happy memories of my childhood.
The photo catches the tension in the court very well.
The photo didn't come out well.
The photo doesn't do us justice.
The photo doesn't show Ziri's entire face.
The photo editor includes a feature which allows users to add a blur effect to images.
The photo he showed added color to his story.
The photo he showed added strength to his story.
The photo is blurry.
The photo is deceptive.
The photo is hers.
The photo is the first thing you notice.
The photo isn't sharp enough.
The photo made him think.
The photo of Bernie Sanders sitting with legs and arms crossed comfortably has been superimposed into images from around the world – showing him with the K-pop boy band BTS; dancing with South Korean K-pop star Psy; or as overlord Wizard of Oz.
The photo on my passport is very recent.
The photo shoot was fun.
The photo shows a group of the congress participants.
The photo shows an olive-skinned female in a purple trenchcoat.
The photo shows some hikers in a landscape of low mountains.
The photo shows some ramblers in a landscape of low mountains.
The photo takes me back to my childhood days.
The photo was a hoax.
The photo was doctored.
The photo was passed from hand to hand.
The photo was taken below the waist with a deliberate emphasis on the stockings.
The photo was taken in Berlin.
The photo was too grainy to identify the driver.
The photo-sensitive properties of plants and vegetables have been known to scholars for centuries.
The photocopier's hard drive contains copies of everything we printed in the past 12 months.
The photograph brought back memories of my childhood.
The photograph is a little blurry.
The photograph is black and white.
The photograph is blurry.
The photograph is on the USB stick.
The photograph is so nice!
The photograph was falsified.
The photograph was passed from hand to hand.
The photographer asked Tom not to smile, but he smiled anyway.
The photographer is a kind of painter.
The photographs are the only proof we have.
The photographs are the same.
The photos are for illustrative purposes only. The actual delivered product may differ.
The photos are taken by a pro, so they'll turn out well.
The photos made me cry.
The photos of my parents' wedding are all black and white.
The photos show hooded students in auditoriums and cafeterias propagandizing and sharing material against the government.
The photos show the oldest terrain spotted on Pluto, which is heavily cratered, as well as newer terrain characterized by icy plains.
The photos there are hers.
The photos, posted in the Korean Central News Agency, showed Kim wearing a puffy tan overcoat and glasses, sitting atop a white horse whose bridle and harness appeared to be covered in sparkling, silver gemstones.
The phrasal verbs in this language are killing me.
The phrase "I feel personally attacked" is used as a jocular reply to relatable content.
The phrase "Let them eat cake!" was misattributed to Marie Antoinette.
The phrase "X is the new Y" is an example of a snowclone.
The phrase "humanitarian bombing" is an oxymoron.
The phrase "make a bee line for" expresses the look of how a bee heads straight for food with speed and energy.
The phrase "military necessity" is sometimes used where it would be more truthful to speak of military convenience or even personal convenience.
The phrase "social distance" is sometimes used as a verb.
The phrase "two people" will replace "a man and a woman" in the proposed bill to legalise same-sex marriage in Australia.
The phrase 'honest politician' is an oxymoron.
The phrase 'vade mecum' is often used as a classical Latin expression.
The phrase is meant to insult people.
The phrase needs to flow.
The phrase seemed ambiguous to me, so I translated it in several ways.
The phrase sounds better in French.
The phrase ’honest politician’ is an oxymoron.
The physical demands are extreme.
The physical differences between a cello and a violin produce their distinctive voices.
The physical differences between a cello and a violin produce their distinctive voices. Similarly, the stellar oscillations astronomers observe depend on each star’s interior structure, mass, and size.
The physical fitness courses are required for everyone.
The physical therapist helped the patient transfer from the bed to a wheelchair, using a gait belt for support and safety.
The physical world is a complex network of events, and nothing occurs for only one reason.
The physical world is a complex network of events, not the consequence of a single and simple causality.
The physical world is a complex web of events, and nothing happens for only one reason.
The physician advised me to consume only steamed dishes.
The physician gave me the address of the hospital.
The physician prescribed his patient some medicine.
The physicist was ashamed to admit that he also likes chemistry.
The physicist was aware of the potential danger of nuclear fusion.
The physicist works a lot.
The physicist's research will help a lot of people.
The physicists believe the technology could have a range of applications in small devices, including hair removal, laser printing, night-time surveillance and the illumination of delicate surgery inside the body.
The physicists had shown that the alpha particles falling on a screen of phosphorescent zinc sulphide produced a number of scintillations.
The physicists working at CERN are looking for things like antimatter and dark matter and how the universe works.
The physics laboratory has the best apparatus I've ever seen.
The physics of the laser may be complex. Still, it is just a story of how electrons interact with light. When a light particle, or photon, hits an electron, the electron jumps to a higher energy state. If another photon strikes one of these high-energy electrons, the electron releases two photons that travel together at the same wavelength. When this process is repeated enough, lots of organized, or coherent, photons are produced.
The physics professor is a beast.
The physics professor is an animal.
The physics teacher was late to class, as usual.
The physiognomy of the landscape on the tropical coast is gorgeous.
The physiotherapy was not only costly, but also timely.
The pianist is endowed with extraordinary talent.
The pianist is known from all.
The pianist played a trick on the audience.
The pianist played two encores.
The pianist she'd hired knew enough pieces to play all throughout the soiree.
The pianist's performance of a Haydn sonata threw the woman into a rapture bordering on frenzy.
The piano at Tom's house has been converted into extra storage space.
The piano has a good tone.
The piano in Tom's house is out of tune.
The piano instructor was hard on her.
The piano is expensive.
The piano is heavy.
The piano is just a cliché Western instrument.
The piano is out of tune.
The piano keys include black ones.
The piano needs to be tuned.
The piano playing is catchy.
The piano technician repaired the piano.
The piano tuner discovered a hoard of gold coins hidden under the piano's keyboard.
The piano was invented in the 18th century by Bartolomeo Cristofori.
The piano was made of beautiful, dark brown wood.
The piano was out of tune; it sounded very bad.
The piano won't fit through that door.
The piano won't go through that door.
The piano, flute and harp are the instruments that I'm most interested in learning.
The pickets halted me, but I didn't stop to answer them.
The pickled radish needs a touch of salt.
The pickpocket disappeared into the crowd.
The pickpocket vanished in the crowd.
The pickup truck came tearing up perpendicular to the road.
The pickup truck turned around again.
The picnic area is easily accessible by road.
The picnic has been canceled.
The picnic has been postponed.
The picnic hasn't been canceled.
The picnic hasn't been cancelled.
The picnic lasted all day.
The picnic lasted the whole day.
The picnic ought to have been more fun than it was.
The picnic should've been more fun than it was.
The picnic table was vacant.
The picnic tables were broken.
The picnic was a disappointment.
The picnic was a huge success, according to everyone.
The picnic was a roaring success.
The picnic was called off because of rain.
The picnic was called off because of the rain.
The picnic was canceled because of rain.
The picnic was canceled because of the rain.
The picnic was canceled due to inclement weather.
The picnic was canceled due to rain.
The picnic was canceled due to the rain.
The picnic was canceled for lack of interest.
The picnic was cancelled because of the rain.
The picnic was cancelled due to the rain.
The picnic was held in the gym on account of the rain.
The picnic was held in the gymnasium because it was raining.
The picnic was postponed because it was raining.
The picnic was put off on account of rain.
The picnic was quite fun.
The picnic wasn't canceled.
The picnic will last three hours.
The picnic, in everyone's opinion, was a huge success.
The picture I drew depicts a face with wavy lips.
The picture I saw then was a most entertaining one.
The picture I took of you last week turned out very well.
The picture absolutely horrified Ziri.
The picture and sound are out of sync.
The picture books are lovingly illustrated.
The picture brought back a lot of memories.
The picture exuded a warmth you could almost touch.
The picture fell off the wall.
The picture hangs over the table.
The picture has a charm of its own.
The picture has already been finished by him.
The picture has been drawn well as yet.
The picture is askew.
The picture is askew. Could you straighten it again?
The picture is blurry.
The picture is colorful in contrast with this one.
The picture is deceptive.
The picture is done in a masterly style.
The picture is fuzzy.
The picture is good in its way.
The picture is hanging crooked. Could you please straighten it?
The picture is hanging on the wall.
The picture is hung crooked.
The picture is hung upside down.
The picture is in black and white.
The picture is in the front of the book.
The picture is in this book.
The picture is nice, well done!
The picture is nice.
The picture is not rosy.
The picture is not sharp.
The picture is on now.
The picture is on the wall now.
The picture is on the wall.
The picture is presumed to have been painted by Picasso.
The picture is true to life.
The picture is wonky.
The picture is wonky. Could you straighten it?
The picture isn't sharp enough.
The picture looks better at a distance.
The picture looks nicer from a distance.
The picture looks strange because it has no perspective.
The picture of Alexander Hamilton appears on the ten-dollar bill. Hamilton was never president. But he was the first Secretary of the Treasury and one of the Founding Fathers. He was also an economist and political philosopher.
The picture of Aunt Jemima on the pancake box has evolved over the years from an overweight, kerchief-headed woman to a slim, modern woman.
The picture of Mary that Tom had drawn took John's breath away.
The picture of beauty beyond description.
The picture of the accident makes me sick.
The picture of the tower was out of focus.
The picture on my wall was painted by Tom.
The picture on the wall is the one that Tom painted last summer.
The picture on the wall was painted by Picasso.
The picture on the window was gone.
The picture on this TV is no good. It keeps flickering.
The picture on your computer monitor is made up of tiny squares.
The picture on your television set is made up of tiny squares called pixels.
The picture on your television set is made up of tiny squares.
The picture painted by him is of great value.
The picture quality of this video is pants.
The picture radiated a warmth you could almost touch.
The picture reminded me of Scotland.
The picture reminded me of a nightmare I once had when I was a little kid.
The picture reminded me of a nightmare I once had when I was a small child.
The picture reminds me of my childhood.
The picture reminds me of my family.
The picture reminds me of my happy old days.
The picture reminds me of my happy school days.
The picture reminds me of my school days.
The picture reminds me of my student days.
The picture reminds me of when I was a student.
The picture set her wondering.
The picture shows a doe with her fawns.
The picture shows a roe deer fleeing into the woods.
The picture shows an idyllic landscape dotted with sheep.
The picture that you hung up yesterday afternoon fell down this morning.
The picture was beautiful. You should have seen it.
The picture was embedded in Ziri's mind.
The picture was held on by a pin.
The picture was hung upside down.
The picture was later revealed to be a hoax involving a toy submarine outfitted with a sea-serpent head.
The picture was painted by Picasso.
The picture was painted by a famous painter.
The picture was perhaps taken in the 1940s.
The picture was priced at 200,000 yen.
The picture was probably retouched.
The picture was taken at some tourist attraction in Algeria.
The picture was taken by him.
The picture was taken from the air.
The picture was wonderful.
The picture was wonderful. You ought to have seen it.
The picture went totally white.
The picture will finish shooting in three days.
The picture window is too dirty to see through.
The picture would look better against a bright background.
The picture would look better on a bright background.
The picture you are looking at costs 100,000 yen.
The picture you are looking at is a copy of a Picasso.
The picture's age has not yet been determined.
The picture's tilted.
The picture, so to speak, contains many figures, but all concur in a common action, and the spectator grasps, at the first glance, the harmony of the composition.
The pictures Mary paints are breathtaking.
The pictures Tom paints look like photographs.
The pictures are hanging in the big room.
The pictures are of her own painting.
The pictures are pasted on all sides.
The pictures are representative.
The pictures are very beautiful.
The pictures folder is full.
The pictures haven't been developed.
The pictures in this advertisement are fewer than the frames actually available.
The pictures were covered in dust.
The pictures were getting more distorted.
The pidgin has no native speakers.
The pie is delicious.
The pie is fresh.
The pie is in the fridge.
The pie is out of the oven.
The pie looked delicious.
The pie looked very good, but it wasn't very easily digestible.
The pie tastes sweet.
The pie that Tom made was delicious.
The pie was delicious.
The pie's delicious.
The piece de résistance was an enormous cake.
The piece de résistance was the roast beef.
The piece of cake Tom gave me was so big that I couldn't eat it all.
The piece of glass underneath my skin caused me a lot of pain.
The piece of glass underneath my skin was deep and it cause me a lot of pain.
The piece of glass underneath my skin was painful.
The piece of music is being played in an endless loop.
The piece was arranged for piano and orchestra.
The piece was on Boston Jewish progressives being unsure how to respond to The Mapping Project, because most knew it was antisemitic but didn't want to help the Zionists.
The pieces fit together perfectly.
The pieces fit together.
The pieces of broken glass glittered in the sun.
The pieces of the puzzle began slotting into place.
The pieces of toast were burned.
The pieces of toast were toasted perfectly.
The pieces started to fall into place.
The pier is about five miles away.
The pier took a real beating from the hurricane.
The pier was crowded with carriages and men.
The piercer told me how to clean my belly button piercing.
The piercing wind blew unabated throughout our brotherly hug.
The piercing wind blew unabated.
The pies are out of the oven.
The pies are still cooking.
The pies were piping hot!
The pig eats any food.
The pig grunts.
The pig had piglets.
The pig is already in the slaughter house.
The pig is an intelligent animal.
The pig is gaining weight.
The pig is growing fat.
The pig is pink.
The pig is really fat.
The pig knows well on which tree wood it will rub.
The pig sensed Damiano and started groaning.
The pig snorted while rooting around in search of truffles.
The pig was a genetically mutated animal.
The pig's tail is curled.
The pig's tail is curly.
The pig, the sow and the piglets have bristles, but not horns, but also cloven feet, as others do.
The pigeon and the ostrich are both birds; one can fly and the other cannot.
The pigeon coos.
The pigeon flew away with a message attached to his paw.
The pigeon flew in the window.
The pigeon flew swiftly down to the earth. He was much larger than a turkey.
The pigeon flew up in Matthew's shoulder and pecked at his glasses.
The pigeon has flown away.
The pigeon has flown the coop.
The pigeon is cooing on the balcony.
The pigeon is cooing.
The pigeon kept cooing.
The pigeon's left wing is injured.
The pigeons of Boston are fat and proud.
The pigeons were all poisoned.
The pigeons were pecking at crumbs.
The pigeons' feathers are white.
The piggy bank was stuffed so full that it could no longer rattle, which is the highest state of perfection that a piggy bank can attain.
The piglet is grunting.
The piglet is oinking.
The piglet is squealing.
The pigs are coming! Let's beat it!
The pigs are coming! Let’s beat it!
The pigs are not in the pen.
The pigs are rooting in the ground.
The pigs are very noisy.
The pigs aren't in the pen.
The pigs aren't in the pigsty.
The pigs ate slop.
The pigs ate the maize-cobs.
The pigs did not actually work, but directed and supervised the others.
The pigs escaped from their pen.
The pigs wore makeup as part of a scientific study.
The pike and the perch are carnivores.
The pike is a predatory fish.
The pike is not yet struck.
The pike was motionless in the water.
The pilaf with meat is eight yuan. The vegetarian pilaf is only four yuan.
The pile driver is destroying the peaceful morning with a hellish racket.
The pile of bodies under the bridge was such a macabre sight.
The pile of books was tall and unstable.
The pile of dung was teeming with dung beetles.
The pile of garbage is as big as Mount Everest.
The pile of shit hit again!
The pilgrimage is performed in Mecca.
The pilgrimage to the holy Amarnath cave, located at an altitude of approximately 13,000 feet in the south Kashmir Himalayas, ranges from a trek of about 8.7 to 29 miles, depending on the path taken.
The pilgrims brought gifts from distant lands.
The pilgrims entered the ancient fane to offer their prayers.
The pill was bitter.
The pillar tilted to the right and fell.
The pillars are bearing the weight of the roof.
The pillars of the new world are materialism, egoism and idiocy.
The pillars on the outside collapse one after the other.
The pillars take the roof's weight.
The pillow exploded in the washing machine.
The pillow is crawling with dust mites.
The pillow is full of dust mites.
The pillow is too hard for sleeping.
The pillow is too soft.
The pillow is uncomfortable.
The pillow isn't clean.
The pillow never brought similar people together.
The pillow vowed to never bring compatible people together.
The pillow was wet with tears.
The pillows cradled Ziri's head.
The pills you gave me didn't relieve my pain, but they taste good, like strawberries.
The pilot and his copilot both passed out and one of the passengers had to land the plane.
The pilot bailed out before the plane crashed.
The pilot brought the aeroplane in to land.
The pilot brought the plane in to land.
The pilot came out of the cockpit.
The pilot closes the door.
The pilot controls the engine power using the throttle.
The pilot controls the roll of the plane by raising one aileron or the other with a control wheel.
The pilot described the scene in detail.
The pilot ejected from his plane.
The pilot ejected his seat seconds before the plane crashed.
The pilot episode runs two hours.
The pilot explained to us why the landing was delayed.
The pilot flew the airplane.
The pilot had nerves of steel.
The pilot had to land the plane in enemy territory.
The pilot hinted that it might be a UFO.
The pilot increased the speed of the plane.
The pilot is 30 years of age.
The pilot is 30 years old.
The pilot is battling for the control of the aircraft.
The pilot is landing the aeroplane.
The pilot is only twenty-six years old.
The pilot is trying to restore communication with the control tower.
The pilot isn't feeling well, so the co-pilot will have to take charge.
The pilot jokes with the stewardess.
The pilot jumped from the plane with his parachute right before the plane crashed.
The pilot landed the airplane in the field.
The pilot landed the plane safely.
The pilot lands the aeroplane.
The pilot lost control and the plane went into a dive.
The pilot made a perfect three-point landing.
The pilot made an emergency landing in the desert.
The pilot managed to make a perfect landing.
The pilot moves rudder left and right, with left and right pedals.
The pilot of an airliner is responsible for the safety of passengers.
The pilot pulled the aircraft out of a strong pitch-up manoeuvre.
The pilot raced for Ferrari from 1995 to 1999.
The pilot reads her current altitude from the altimeter.
The pilot seemed unfamiliar with the jet's advanced electronic systems.
The pilot struggled to stabilize the airplane.
The pilot was forced to make a crash landing.
The pilot was forced to make an emergency landing.
The pilot was having trouble controlling the aircraft.
The pilot was never charged for his reckless flying.
The pilot was revised to be more palatable to a mature audience.
The pilot was struggling to control the plane.
The pilot was taken to the hospital and discharged soon after.
The pilot wasn't injured when the plane crashed.
The pilot will be put through a drug test.
The pilot will land the aeroplane.
The pilot will land the plane.
The pilot won't arrive late.
The pilot worries that takeoff, which is scheduled to occur in an hour, will be delayed due to fog.
The pilots are the only people who are called "airmen" by the military.
The pilots don't want anyone in their cockpit.
The pilots of Air France went on strike.
The pilots tested their guns.
The pilots were among the 79 survivors consisting of passengers and crew.
The pilots were confused by the seemingly anomalous readings of their instruments.
The pin pierced his finger and it began to bleed.
The pineal gland secretes melatonin.
The pineapple has gone bad.
The pineapple plant looks like a bush.
The pines were protected from huge blazes near Sydney by water-bombing aircraft and specialist firefighters, who were winched into a narrow gorge by helicopter.
The pink flamingo — a symbol of American leisure beloved by some but reviled by others as the epitome of bad taste — is in trouble.
The pink flower is beautiful.
The pink helmet is for my girl.
The pink pillow is clean.
The pinnacle of stupidity is to accelerate when people want to overtake, be it on foot, on horseback or in a car.
The pioneers dug some wells so that they would have water.
The pioneers have overcome a series of obstacles.
The pioneers met with many dangers.
The pioneers overcame a set of obstacles.
The pioneers shot game to feed themselves.
The pipe burst due to great pressure.
The pipe conveys water from the lake to the factory.
The pipe got clogged.
The pipe has a filter for impurities.
The pipe is clogged.
The pipe must be blocked because the water's not draining away.
The pipe shop is across the street.
The pipe store is across the street.
The pipeline was slated to pass over miles of reservation land.
The pipes are in the walls.
The pipes connected to her kitchen sink were making strange noises.
The piping is clogged up because of the limestone.
The piquant aroma of his food made everyone's mouth water.
The piranhas engaged in a feeding frenzy.
The pirarucu is a monster fish.
The pirate explained why the compass points to the North.
The pirate had a peg leg.
The pirate had a wooden leg.
The pirate had a wooden peg leg.
The pirate has a peg leg.
The pirate plunders the treasure trove.
The pirate ship came closer inshore.
The pirate was an actor.
The pirate was observing the sea with his monocular.
The pirate wore a tricorn hat.
The pirate, sword in hand, leapt onto the deck.
The pirates are hiding the booty they got from the attack.
The pirates boarded the merchant ship.
The pirates boarded the ship.
The pirates buried a treasure on the island.
The pirates buried the treasure deep down in the mine.
The pirates buried the treasure in the ground.
The pirates buried their treasure in the ground.
The pirates captured a merchant ship.
The pirates carried off fragrant wine, corn in great plenty, hives full of honey, and even some of Dorcon's cattle.
The pirates had a great supply of gunpowder at their disposal.
The pirates had enough booty.
The pirates had no choice but to surrender.
The pirates had put him on board, slipped their cable, and were rowing from the shore when Chloe came up, carrying in her hand a new pipe as a present for Daphnis.
The pirates lost their patience with Tom and made him walk the plank.
The pirates of the sea.
The pirates plundered everything that fell in their way.
The pirates sailed the seven seas.
The pirates snuck into the old mine and buried the treasure deep down.
The pirates wished to debauch him because of his beauty.
The pisiform bone is one of eight tiny bones that comprise the wrist.
The pistol bullet pierced his leg.
The pistol misfired.
The piston does not come into contact with the cylinder cover.
The pitaya's common English name of "dragon fruit" reflects its vernacular name in many Asian languages.
The pitcher struck Tom out.
The pitcher threw the balled angled towards the batter.
The pitcher was Tom.
The pitcher will go to the well once too often.
The pitfall that the Leadership Now Project and other groups like it will have to navigate around is the relentless politicization of issues such as voting rights and racial equity.
The pitfalls of easy generalization are to be avoided.
The pith of an orange is rather bitter.
The pitiful sight moved us to tears.
The pitiful tale fetched tears from the girl.
The pitter patter of the rain on the roof kept me from falling asleep.
The pity is that he has failed.
The pizza at Benedito's restaurant is a must-try.
The pizza delivery guy hasn't come by yet.
The pizza delivery guy hasn’t come by yet.
The pizza delivery man hasn't been yet.
The pizza delivery man hasn't come yet.
The pizza demands extra cheese.
The pizza didn't eat itself.
The pizza got cold.
The pizza has cheese.
The pizza has gotten cold.
The pizza is cold.
The pizza is cooking in the oven.
The pizza is delicious.
The pizza is here.
The pizza is in the fridge.
The pizza is still hot.
The pizza looks good.
The pizza maker tossed the dough.
The pizza man is here!
The pizza of the day is good and cheap.
The pizza saver is a small piece of plastic which prevents the pizza from sticking to the top of the cardboard box.
The pizza should be here any minute.
The pizza smelled too good to resist.
The pizza smells good.
The pizza store was nearby.
The pizza tasted good.
The pizza there was cheap.
The pizza there was expensive.
The pizza there was inexpensive.
The pizza there wasn't cheap.
The pizza there wasn't expensive.
The pizza upset my stomach.
The pizza was cold because the delivery driver got stuck in traffic.
The pizza was cold, greasy, and limp, but tasted like heaven to the tired travelers.
The pizza was cooked in a wood-fired oven.
The pizza was expensive.
The pizza was fantastic.
The pizza was loaded with toppings.
The pizza will be delivered in 30 minutes or it's free.
The pizza will be here in five minutes.
The pizza will be here in twenty minutes.
The pizza will be here soon.
The pizza will have extra cheese.
The pizza's here!
The pizza's here.
The pizza's on the way.
The pizza's ready.
The pizzas are in the frozen food section.
The pizzas in San Marino actually tasted better than the ones I had in Rome.
The place I live in is very good for your health.
The place Ziri fell into was dark.
The place became a hell on earth.
The place has become shabby.
The place is a beehive of activity.
The place is almost deserted.
The place is apparently deserted.
The place is at its best in spring.
The place is beautiful.
The place is certainly worth seeing.
The place is clean.
The place is completely deserted.
The place is convenient for swimming.
The place is deep in broken glass.
The place is desolate and forlorn.
The place is easy to reach from here.
The place is empty.
The place is free.
The place is full of foreigners.
The place is in the middle of nowhere.
The place is invested with an air of mystery.
The place is lively, and business is going well.
The place is nearly empty.
The place is not accessible by land.
The place is only accessible on foot or on horseback.
The place is packed.
The place is practically empty.
The place is pretty rundown.
The place is pretty.
The place is rocking.
The place is suitable for fishing.
The place is surrounded by cops.
The place is too small for us.
The place is totally overcrowded.
The place is very much built up now.
The place is worth visiting at least once.
The place is worth visiting twice.
The place isn't accessible by land.
The place isn't free.
The place just doesn't look as good as it used to.
The place just doesn’t look as good as it used to.
The place looked a little bit rundown.
The place looked big enough.
The place looks run-down and like the wind could blow it away, but it's always packed with regular customers.
The place of his death and burial is, however, unknown.
The place of worship is God's house.
The place of writing has great importance.
The place stank of stale beer.
The place started to look like a ghost town.
The place stinks of cigarette smoke.
The place stunk of stale beer.
The place was absolutely trashed.
The place was alive with creative young people.
The place was almost empty.
The place was cold with or without the wind.
The place was completely empty.
The place was crawling with cops.
The place was crawling with spiders.
The place was crowded.
The place was dead.
The place was decimated.
The place was empty inside.
The place was empty. She was alone in the darkness, except for a cat hiding behind a box.
The place was hard to reach.
The place was kind of clean for an abandoned building.
The place was massive.
The place was old and rundown.
The place was packed to the brim last night.
The place was packed.
The place was quiet.
The place was shamefully neglected.
The place was totally deserted.
The place was trashed.
The place was unguarded.
The place was very silent.
The place where I am going is far.
The place where I bought my stove burned down.
The place where I grew up is very beautiful.
The place where I work has a dress code.
The place where a river starts is its source.
The place where he lives is far from town.
The place where my mother was born is located in the east of our country.
The place where one learns is a school, and the place where one prays is a church.
The place where we are going is far.
The place where we used to buy that has increased their prices.
The place where you are going is far.
The place will be closing in five minutes.
The place will collapse at any moment.
The place you moved to is in such a good spot. Nowadays, everyone's looking for a good location and architecture for their house.
The place you've always dreamed of going to could actually be a living hell.
The place-name sign was obscured by overhanging branches, which meant that you could easily miss it.
The placement of bolts and numbers etched on it resemble the honeycomb launch fairing of a Japanese H-2 rocket series, a liquid-fueled launch system used to transport satellites and space probes.
The places I go to won't appeal to you.
The places with the long lines are the worst.
The placid water flowed under the bridge.
The plague came from the swamp.
The plague has devastated entire cities.
The plague is spread mostly by rats.
The plague occurred that year.
The plaid can be washed by hand.
The plain is entirely flooded.
The plaintiff lost his motion for sanctions.
The plaintive melody broke her heart.
The plan Tom suggested would save even more money.
The plan announced Tuesday calls for $54 billion in tax cuts.
The plan backfired on us and we lost a lot of money.
The plan backfired.
The plan calls for a lot of money.
The plan can never foresee everything.
The plan covered all the risks.
The plan did not meet with his ideas.
The plan did not succeed.
The plan disappeared into thin air.
The plan disappeared just like that.
The plan doesn't work.
The plan failed after all.
The plan gave rise to much trouble.
The plan has been a success so far.
The plan has been agreed to in advance.
The plan has been altered.
The plan has been changed.
The plan has been generally accepted.
The plan has been scrapped.
The plan has been successful so far.
The plan has broken down.
The plan has changed.
The plan has failed.
The plan has many practical difficulties.
The plan has now been scrapped.
The plan has worked up to now.
The plan has worked well as yet.
The plan has worked well.
The plan has yet to be approved.
The plan hasn't been approved yet.
The plan hasn't changed.
The plan is all but finalized.
The plan is being discussed.
The plan is bound to succeed.
The plan is easy. Even you will understand it, Tom.
The plan is far from satisfactory.
The plan is for us to do that with Tom tomorrow.
The plan is immature.
The plan is incapable of alteration.
The plan is not mature.
The plan is not yet finalized.
The plan is now being discussed.
The plan is now on hold.
The plan is often easier than the implementation.
The plan is ready.
The plan is simple, but effective.
The plan is still on schedule.
The plan is subject to his approval.
The plan is to buy half a million dollars worth of shares.
The plan is to recruit 5 Java engineers before the end of next month.
The plan is under discussion.
The plan is very simple.
The plan is well worth trying.
The plan is workable.
The plan is working perfectly.
The plan is working.
The plan is worth considering.
The plan isn't ready yet.
The plan isn't workable.
The plan isn't yet finalized.
The plan met with opposition from the inhabitants.
The plan might've worked if we'd tried harder.
The plan must be carried out by all means.
The plan requires a large sum of money.
The plan satisfies everyone.
The plan should be carried through.
The plan starts by first immunizing those who are most vulnerable to severe illness and death, including long-term-care residents and the health care workers who care for them, remote and at-risk Indigenous communities, and seniors.
The plan talks a lot about active citizenship. But it must be active and engaged citizenship.
The plan was a good one apart from its cost.
The plan was a masterpiece of fraud.
The plan was a success.
The plan was adopted at the meeting.
The plan was altogether spoiled by the rain.
The plan was an utter disaster.
The plan was approved in its entirety.
The plan was being discussed.
The plan was carried out.
The plan was discussed in detail.
The plan was doomed to failure from the start.
The plan was dubbed "Operation Fence."
The plan was executed.
The plan was for this room to become a studio for Mom, but it ended up becoming storage space.
The plan was forgotten without further comments.
The plan was given up at length because funds ran short.
The plan was given up under the pressure of public opinion.
The plan was kept under wraps until the last minute.
The plan was made in consultation with the Algerian government.
The plan was never implemented.
The plan was perfect.
The plan was perfect...
The plan was put into operation.
The plan was rejected as being impractical.
The plan was scuppered.
The plan was supported by practically all the attendants.
The plan will be brought into effect tomorrow.
The plan will be carried out in the near future.
The plan will be completed smoothly.
The plan will develop our city.
The plan will work out.
The plan won't work.
The plan worked, but only just barely.
The plan would have worked, if you hadn't interfered.
The plan would've worked, if you hadn't interfered.
The planche started moving to spell the word: "Stop."
The planchette began to move slowly and then quickly.
The planchette began to move.
The planchette kept moving.
The planchette landed on the word "yes."
The planchette moved fast.
The planchette moved to the letter L.
The planchette moved violently.
The planchette spelled out the word "death."
The planchette started moving all across the board.
The planchette started moving on its own.
The planchette started to move.
The plane Tom and Mary were on crashed.
The plane Tom is on has been hijacked.
The plane Tom is on will be landing soon.
The plane Tom was on crashed.
The plane Tom was on was struck by lightning.
The plane accident cost the lives of 200 people.
The plane appears to have vanished into thin air.
The plane arrived at Boston on schedule.
The plane arrived at Itami Airport on time.
The plane arrived at New York on schedule.
The plane arrived at exactly 2:30.
The plane arrived exactly at nine.
The plane arrived on schedule.
The plane arrived on time.
The plane arrived three hours late because of bad weather.
The plane began its descent.
The plane began to climb rapidly.
The plane began to descend.
The plane began to free fall rapidly.
The plane bound for Beijing is going to take off soon.
The plane buzzed the control tower.
The plane came in 30 minutes late.
The plane came quickly.
The plane cannot take off until the other plane lands.
The plane circled the airport twice after taking off.
The plane climbed to 4,000 feet.
The plane climbed to an altitude of 10,000 meters.
The plane could easily be late.
The plane crash took 200 lives.
The plane crash was only last week.
The plane crashed against the house.
The plane crashed breaking road gantries and scaring the drivers.
The plane crashed in a very built-up area.
The plane crashed into a mountain.
The plane crashed into a swamp.
The plane crashed into the house.
The plane crashed soon after takeoff.
The plane crashed suddenly.
The plane crashed.
The plane departed from Narita at 10.00 a.m.
The plane departs at 5.30 pm.
The plane departs at 5:30 PM.
The plane departs from Heathrow at 12:30.
The plane didn't have enough lift to get off the ground.
The plane didn't stop at New York.
The plane didn’t stop at New York.
The plane disappeared in the twinkle of an eye.
The plane disappeared into the forest.
The plane disintegrated about two miles above the ground.
The plane dropped bombs on the city.
The plane dropped the bomb over the city.
The plane evened out.
The plane exploded and plunged into the ocean, killing all the people on board.
The plane exploded in midair.
The plane flew above the clouds.
The plane flew at an altitude of 3,000 meters.
The plane flew away in the direction of Hong Kong.
The plane flew beyond our range of vision.
The plane flew east.
The plane flew into a thunderstorm.
The plane flew into the mountainside.
The plane flew out of sight.
The plane flew over Denver.
The plane flew over Kate's house.
The plane flew over Kate’s house.
The plane flew over Mt. Fuji.
The plane flew over the island.
The plane flew over the mountain.
The plane flew through the clouds.
The plane flew toward the west.
The plane flies at a speed of 400 kilometers per hour.
The plane flies through clouds.
The plane from Chicago arrived at the airport late at night.
The plane gets in at 2:30.
The plane gets in at eight o'clock.
The plane gets in at eight o’clock.
The plane had a thirty-minute delay.
The plane had already left the airport.
The plane had already taken off when I reached the airport.
The plane had been inspected ten days before the accident.
The plane had five hundred passengers on board.
The plane had just taken off when my wife suddenly started to panic.
The plane has already left the airport.
The plane has hit several air pockets.
The plane has just taken off.
The plane has started to land.
The plane has touched down.
The plane headed eastward.
The plane hit severe turbulence and Tom's coffee went all over the lady sitting next to him.
The plane in which the Earth moves around the Sun is called the ecliptic or ecliptic plane.
The plane in which the Earth revolves around the Sun is called the ecliptic or ecliptic plane.
The plane in which the Earth rotates around the Sun is called the ecliptic or ecliptic plane.
The plane increased speed.
The plane is about to fly to Paris.
The plane is about to land.
The plane is about to take off for Paris.
The plane is about to take off.
The plane is approaching New York.
The plane is arriving.
The plane is at an altitude of 10,000 m.
The plane is at an altitude of 10,000 metres.
The plane is at the airport.
The plane is completely out of control.
The plane is due at 7 p.m.
The plane is flying above the clouds.
The plane is flying south.
The plane is flying towards Hong Kong.
The plane is flying.
The plane is just about to start.
The plane is landing in Tan Son Nhat airport.
The plane is landing.
The plane is losing height.
The plane is now operational.
The plane is on the way from Tokyo to Italy.
The plane is overbooked.
The plane is ready for take-off.
The plane is ready.
The plane is so ugly!
The plane is taking off.
The plane isn't going to wait.
The plane landed at 6 o'clock exactly.
The plane landed at 6 o'clock on the dot.
The plane landed at 6 o'clock to the minute.
The plane landed at 6 o’clock to the minute.
The plane landed at Narita.
The plane landed at nine sharp.
The plane landed at the airport on time.
The plane landed at the airport.
The plane landed at the scheduled time.
The plane landed in Algiers.
The plane landed in the ocean.
The plane landed on my dad's farm.
The plane landed on my dad’s farm.
The plane landed safely.
The plane landed with a bump.
The plane landed without a problem.
The plane landed.
The plane left Narita at ten in the morning.
The plane left after a three-hour delay.
The plane left one hour ago.
The plane looked like it was going to crash.
The plane lost control and crashed.
The plane lost part of its wing.
The plane made a forced landing.
The plane made a perfect landing.
The plane made an emergency landing on the highway.
The plane made an emergency landing.
The plane might leave without you if you don't hurry.
The plane needs to land so that it can refuel.
The plane never left the hangar.
The plane put down at Itami Airport on time.
The plane quickly skimmed the surface of the calm sea.
The plane ran into a tropical thunderstorm.
The plane ran off the runway.
The plane reached the target location.
The plane rose sharply before leveling off as it left the coast.
The plane seemed to just disappear into the ether.
The plane should have arrived at Kansai Airport by now.
The plane should've arrived in Boston by now.
The plane started falling.
The plane started moving.
The plane still hasn't taken off.
The plane takes off at 17:30.
The plane takes off at 8:00 a.m.
The plane takes off in ten minutes.
The plane taxied across the field to the hangar.
The plane that Tom is on could be late.
The plane that Tom is on will be landing soon.
The plane that Tom was on was struck by lightning.
The plane took off and soon after disappeared from view.
The plane took off and was soon out of sight.
The plane took off at 11:00 a.m; thirty minutes later than scheduled.
The plane took off at 2:30.
The plane took off at around 2:30.
The plane took off at exactly 2:30.
The plane took off at exactly nine o'clock.
The plane took off at exactly nine o’clock.
The plane took off at exactly ten o'clock.
The plane took off at exactly ten o’clock.
The plane took off at seven.
The plane took off easily.
The plane took off exactly at six.
The plane took off exactly on time.
The plane took off from Boston airport with more than a hundred holiday-makers on board.
The plane took off from Boston at 2:30.
The plane took off from Narita at 10 a.m.
The plane took off just now.
The plane took off more than two hours behind schedule.
The plane took off on time.
The plane took off one hour behind time.
The plane took off.
The plane turned eastward.
The plane turned sharply to the right just before it crashed.
The plane up in the sky looks very small.
The plane wandered off course.
The plane was about to take off when I heard a strange sound.
The plane was about to take off.
The plane was approaching London.
The plane was blown up by hijackers.
The plane was coated with dust.
The plane was delayed for several hours because of bad weather.
The plane was delayed for two hours on account of the bad weather.
The plane was delayed on account of bad weather.
The plane was due to arrive at 2:48 p.m. but hasn't landed yet.
The plane was due to arrive at 2:48 p.m. but hasn’t landed yet.
The plane was flying east.
The plane was flying far above the clouds.
The plane was grounded because of the fog.
The plane was hijacked.
The plane was hit by a bolt of lightning.
The plane was just a tiny dot in the sky.
The plane was late because of bad weather.
The plane was late because of the bad weather.
The plane was late due to bad weather.
The plane was lost sight of in the clouds.
The plane was on the point of taking off.
The plane was overbooked.
The plane was soon out of sight.
The plane was struck by lightning.
The plane was three hours late due to bad weather.
The plane was unable to take off due to the storm.
The plane we boarded was bound for San Francisco.
The plane we were aboard was flying over the Pacific toward Wake Island at a height of 3,000 meters.
The plane went out of sight in a blink.
The plane will arrive at the airport thirty minutes late.
The plane will arrive at three.
The plane will arrive on time.
The plane will get in on time.
The plane will land before long.
The plane will land in an hour.
The plane will take off at 2:30.
The plane will take off at five.
The plane will take off in one hour.
The plane's cabin began to pressurize.
The plane's doors were already closed when Tom got to the gate.
The plane's getting ready for takeoff.
The plane's going down.
The plane's not going to wait.
The planes arrived one after another.
The planes can no longer take off because of the snow and frost.
The planes emerged one after another.
The planes flew over the island.
The planes flew over the village.
The planet ArÃ¨mo X3 is almost twice the size of planet Earth, and as you can see on the screen, quite similar to your world.
The planet Arèmo X3 is almost twice the size of planet Earth, and as you can see on the screen, quite similar to your world.
The planet Earth seems to be destined to undergo a tremendous nuclear explosion that will raze it to the ground.
The planet Jupiter is the largest planet of the solar system.
The planet Neptune is so beautiful.
The planet Sakura is 4.7 light-years away.
The planet Saturn completes its orbit within thirty years.
The planet closest to the sun is Mercury.
The planet does not need more successful people. The planet desperately needs more peacemakers, healers, restorers, storytellers and lovers of all kinds.
The planet doesn’t appear to be the aliens’ home.
The planet has breathable air.
The planet has two suns in its purple sky.
The planet is 10 times closer to the star than Earth is to the sun, but red dwarfs are much smaller and much cooler than the giant inferno that keeps us warm.
The planet is alien free.
The planet is heating up.
The planet is hollow and filled with Eldritch horrors.
The planet is incapable of sustaining any life.
The planet is light years off our course.
The planet is probably rocky like the Earth.
The planet is the cradle of the mind, but one cannot live in a cradle forever.
The planet is uninhabitable.
The planet is warming up fast—faster than at any time scientists know about from their studies of Earth's entire history.
The planet isn't fine.
The planet nearest to the sun is Mercury.
The planet's inhabitants put up fierce resistance against the invaders from Earth.
The planet's ring system is made up of about 10,000 rings, called ringlets.
The planet, known as K2-18b, was discovered in 2015 by the U.S. National Aeronautics and Space Administration.
The planetarium show vividly illustrates how stars vary widely in mass, temperature, age, color, luminosity and size. But the underlying physics for each of the estimated 100 billion stars in our Milky Way galaxy — and in the 100 billion other galaxies — is the same.
The planets and the stars insist on illuminating eager minds, being a guide among the darkness.
The planets are different sizes. From smallest to largest they are: Mercury, Mars, Venus, Earth, Neptune, Uranus, Saturn and Jupiter.
The planets are very visible tonight.
The planets circle the Sun.
The planets did their dance across the sky.
The planets follow elliptical orbits.
The planets in our solar system are classified as inner planets and outer planets.
The planets in the inner solar system are tens of millions of kilometers apart; the planets in the outer solar system are hundreds of millions of kilometers apart.
The planets move round the sun in the same direction and nearly in the same plane.
The planets orbit around the Sun in a almost perfect circular pattern.
The planets revolve around the sun.
The planet’s future has changed for the better.
The plank froze to the ground.
The plank is about two metres long.
The planned reopening of the Three Mile Island nuclear power plant is a win for clean, carbon-free energy.
The planned tightening of the laws governing the right to demonstrate was struck down following widespread protests.
The planning committee met six times over the course of ten months.
The planning committee was charged with collecting and analyzing information and using it as the backdrop for determining those actions that would best help the Association to fulfill its mission.
The planning committee was commissioned to collect and analyze information. This will be the background for the definition of action, which will support the association to fulfill its mission.
The planning committee was given the task of collecting and analysing information to be used in deciding what to do to support the association in fulfilling it's aims.
The plans are being made without regard to his schedule.
The plans are still fluid.
The plans are still up in the air.
The plans aren't set in stone and can be changed if absolutely necessary.
The plans for the company outing don't sound too exciting.
The plans for the company outing don’t sound too exciting.
The plans for the offensive were secret.
The plans have been drawn up.
The plans have changed.
The plans were discarded.
The plans were drawn up, but the deal fell through.
The plant and the mine provide about 400 jobs and the bulk of the tax base in the town of about 3,000 people.
The plant called chamise can be used in a balm that helps with skin problems, and the anesthetic qualities of California bay help with toothaches.
The plant dies without water.
The plant experiment, called Plant Habitat-02 (PH-02), is the first time NASA has grown radishes on the orbiting laboratory.
The plant grew very quickly.
The plant grows on all soils in almost all regions of Bangladesh.
The plant has an underground stem.
The plant is blue.
The plant is dying.
The plant is likely to be closed next week.
The plant is well watered.
The plant location was chosen inland to protect against Zeppelin attacks.
The plant looks very dry. Please water it.
The plant needs more sunlight.
The plant produces long spikes covered with tiny, sessile flowers arranged along the central stem.
The plant ranges from the north of Europe to the south.
The plant recovered in no time.
The plant sends out a spike on which the flowers grow.
The plant shut down.
The plant sitting on the coffee table fell over.
The plant sitting on the coffee table was knocked over.
The plant supervisor said to his crew, "Let's knock off for lunch."
The plant supervisor said to his crew, "Let’s knock off for lunch."
The plant was built in concrete.
The plant was in dire need of Benedito's care.
The plant will use the technology of electrochemical purification of raw materials.
The plant won't stop wilting.
The plant workers unionized.
The plant's closure spelt disaster for the town.
The plant, we call it asphodel and its stem, the flower stalk.
The plantation slave labour system was abolished in the Netherlands in 1863.
The planter has been moved away.
The planting season is over.
The plants and animals that we eat today are the result of hundreds of years of selection.
The plants are being watered.
The plants are fucking and it's getting in my eyes.
The plants are growing so fast.
The plants are growing.
The plants are happy.
The plants are peculiar to the district.
The plants are thirsty for water.
The plants are withering.
The plants died for lack of water.
The plants have grown splendidly.
The plants in Benedito's garden are thriving.
The plants in the garden have blue leaves. The courtyard is square with white marble benches at the sides. There is some dawn light. It is quiet. I sit on a bench. It is Imaginary Visualization.
The plants known as bryophytes, more commonly known as mosses and liverworts, were left behind by retreating glaciers and are thought to be between 400 and 600 years old.
The plants manufacture complex chemical compounds.
The plants must have died because no one watered them.
The plants must've died because no one watered them.
The plants must've died because nobody watered them.
The plants need rain.
The plants need to be watered.
The plants need watering.
The plants reminded Damiano of home.
The plants suffered damage from the frost.
The plants were damaged by the frost.
The plants were damaged by the late frost.
The plants were roughly knee-height.
The plants were sitting on the coffee table.
The plants were watered.
The plants will revive after a good rain.
The plants withered away.
The plants withered because they had no water.
The plaque bears the inscription "A letter to the future", and is intended to raise awareness about the decline of glaciers and the effects of climate change.
The plaque has to be removed.
The plaque said "Welcome to Itu!"
The plasmid and the nucleoid are bacterial components that contain DNA.
The plasterwork, decorated in raised ornamental designs, was used for enhancing the beauty of both the interior and exterior of a building.
The plastic bag has become public enemy number one.
The plastic bag the carrots were in has to go into the yellow bin.
The plastic chair costs four libras.
The plastic chair costs four pounds.
The plastic chair is cheap.
The plastic shopping bag couldn't handle the weight of the groceries placed inside it, so it began to stretch and, ultimately, to tear.
The plastic smell is toxic.
The plastic surgeon botched the facelift and was sued for millions.
The plastic surgeon succeeded in reconstructing the hand of a patient after several long and delicate operations.
The plate almost fell off and broke. It was by an inch.
The plate is colored white.
The plate is dirty.
The plate is made of plastic.
The plate is not clean.
The plate is on the table.
The plate is white.
The plate slipped from her hand and crashed to the floor.
The plate slipped from my hands and fell to the floor.
The plate slipped from my hands because it was wet.
The plate slipped from my hands.
The plate slipped out of my hands because they were wet.
The plate slipped out of my hands.
The plate was piled high with food.
The plate was splattered in sauce from the meal.
The plates and cups are made of porcelain.
The plates and cups are porcelain.
The plates are dirty.
The plates are in the cupboard.
The plates are still wet because I just washed them.
The plates have still got to be washed up.
The plates still have to be washed up.
The plates still need to be washed up.
The plates that you broke weren't expensive.
The plates were still in the drying rack.
The plates you broke were not that expensive.
The plates you broke weren't expensive.
The platform area is separated from the concourse by ticket gates.
The platform began to sag.
The platform fell, making a loud thud.
The platform was strewn with trash.
The platypus (Ornithorhynchus anatinus) is a mammal with duck-like beak, dense fur similar to that of an otter and tail similar to that of a beaver. It has palmate legs and reproduces by laying eggs instead of giving birth like other mammals.
The platypus is a mammal with a duck-like bill, thick fur that’s much like an otter’s, and a tail similar to a beaver’s. It has webbed feet and reproduces by laying eggs rather than giving birth like other mammals.
The platypus is a mammal, yet instead of ‘live birth’ it lays eggs, it’s got a bill and webbed feet that look like a duck, a tail like a beaver and is venomous.
The platypus is an animal, found in Australia, which is both a mammal and an oviparous "duck".
The platypus is an egg-laying mammal, which means it lays eggs.
The platypus, a small amphibious Australian mammal, is a very shy animal.
The platypus, a small amphibious Austrian mammal, is a very shy animal.
The plausible deniability associated with hacking has ushered in an era of cyber warfare.
The play began as soon as we sat down.
The play began exactly on time.
The play begins at 2 p.m.
The play begins at six this evening.
The play concludes with the hero's death.
The play concludes with the hero’s death.
The play ended all too soon.
The play got a favorable notice.
The play is a satire on the political world.
The play is at eight o'clock.
The play is at eight o’clock.
The play is based on true events.
The play is in three acts.
The play is over.
The play is performed in a seven-floor warehouse. Audience members are guided around the building, to watch the play take place on different levels. They must cover up their eyes as they travel. They are also told they must not speak.
The play is three hours long.
The play is written by a famous playwright.
The play lasts two and a half hours.
The play lies now at the bottom of the sea.
The play pleased the audience very much.
The play pleased the audience.
The play ran a big advertisement in the newspapers.
The play ran for six months.
The play started five minutes ago.
The play started on time.
The play stopped for technical reasons.
The play was a great success, but the audience was a dismal failure.
The play was a lot of fun.
The play was a lot of fun. I wish you could have been there.
The play was a lot of fun. I wish you could've been there.
The play was a smashing success.
The play was adapted from a novel.
The play was based on a true story.
The play was based on real events.
The play was far from being a failure.
The play was not well acted.
The play was only a partial success.
The play was performed by a group of young actors.
The play was presented by a group of young actors.
The play was produced by Tom Jackson.
The play was produced by him.
The play was rather long.
The play was so boring Tom and I both fell asleep.
The play was so boring that Tom and I both fell asleep.
The play was so popular that the theater was almost full.
The play was very amusing; you ought to have gone there.
The play was very short.
The play was written in 1994 by an American playwright and activist, after she interviewed women of different ages, races and sexualities.
The play wasn't all that bad.
The play went over well.
The play went very well on the whole.
The play will be repeated next week.
The play's over.
The player also is a prisoner (the sentence is Omar's) of another board of black nights and white days.
The player attacked the referee.
The player contributed to the victory.
The player crashed a shot against the crossbar.
The player doesn't seem to agree with the referee's decision.
The player faked an injury.
The player kept a cool head and dispatched the penalty despite a deafening chorus of boos and whistles intended to distract him.
The player kept the ball high, out of reach, so that his opponents found it hard to stop him without committing a foul.
The player kicked the ball.
The player made a bad move, and now the scoreboard is once more against him.
The player made a splendid comeback.
The player performed a wonderful feat.
The player put an easy smash into the net.
The player retired from the basketball team.
The player swung the bat at a ball.
The player thundered a shot against the crossbar.
The player was acclaimed by the fans.
The player was broken at love in the opening game of the set.
The player was issued a warning for cussing out a ball boy.
The player was pleased with his victory.
The player was quicker in thought, anticipated the situation correctly and scored the goal.
The player was seriously injured during practice and had to be wheeled out on a gurney.
The player who goes first has an advantage.
The player with the black pieces has numerous options to answer to 1. e4.
The player won the championship three times in a row.
The player's contract was renewed.
The players appeared thunderstruck at the enthusiasm of thousands of supporters who flocked to the airport to greet them.
The players are getting ready for the big game tonight.
The players are still smarting over their defeat.
The players are usually divided into a red team and a white team.
The players had to throw the ball from one to another to try to get the ball over the other team's baseline.
The players had to throw the ball from one to another to try to get the ball over the other team’s baseline.
The players have to abide by the umpire's decision.
The players have to abide by the umpire’s decision.
The players made a wall as Lionel Messi went to shoot.
The players marched triumphantly across the field.
The players must abide by the rules.
The players must obey the rules.
The players need to take turns throwing a die.
The players on this team are all giants.
The players ran off the pitch and had a meeting during half-time.
The players return to the locker room.
The players sat and listened to their coach give them a pep talk in the changing rooms.
The players sat in the locker room while they listened to their coach speak.
The players scrambled for the ball.
The players were in high spirits after the game.
The players were terribly excited over winning the pennant.
The players were wearing war paint.
The players' doggedness was rewarded with a goal.
The playful elephant calf chased egrets through the lush grass of the savannah.
The playground had a rope swing.
The playground is divided into three areas by white lines.
The playground is the part of the park Ziri hates the most.
The playground was a bit dirty.
The playground was filled with giggling kindergartners.
The plays of Shakespeare fall into four periods.
The playwright cherishes the vivid memories of his childhood.
The plaza is deserted.
The plaza is packed with people.
The pleasure I feel when I have the opportunity to see you is truly indescribable.
The pleasure is all mine as well.
The pleasure is all mine.
The pleasure is mine.
The pleasure of possessing is not in my estimation worth the trouble of acquiring.
The pleasure of teaching is not smaller than the pleasure of learning.
The pleasure was mine.
The pleasure was short-lived.
The pleasure will be mine.
The pleasure's all mine.
The pleasure's mine.
The pleasures of the body haunt my dreams.
The pledge to stop smoking cigarettes ranks among the top ten New Year's resolutions year after year.
The plenary seat of the European Parliament is in Strasbourg.
The plight of child migrants in Spain is being highlighted once again, this time in the run-up to a possible snap election later this year that Prime Minister Pedro Sanchez, who leads a fragile minority government, may decide to call.
The plot develops rapidly.
The plot has value in the development of a novel.
The plot is facile.
The plot isn't that important.
The plot of the movie takes place in a Siberian countryside.
The plot thickened in chapter five, leaving William on the edge of his seat.
The plot thickens.
The plot to assassinate the president was discovered just in time.
The plot twists were predictable.
The plot was predictable.
The plot was really convoluted.
The plot was set into motion.
The plot was so complicated that I couldn't follow it.
The plot was too difficult for me to follow.
The plot was unbelievable.
The plot where a group of young adults visits some remote area and gets attacked by some type of serial killer has been repeated ad nauseum.
The plot's so convoluted, I have no idea what's going on.
The plow is plowing the soil.
The plow is technology. The horse and buggy are technology. The ballpoint pen is technology. There is always some level of technology.
The plow turned over the earth.
The plowed fields were stretches of snowy dimples.
The plowing is according to the furrow; the harvest, rather at random.
The plug has been pulled on humanity.
The plug won't come out.
The plum blossoms are at their best this week.
The plumage on that peacock is amazing.
The plumber ate some mushrooms and proceeded to stomp on small life forms.
The plumber did a botched job.
The plumber looked with some desperation into it.
The plumber pumped out the water in order to drain the pipe.
The plumber pumped the water out of the pipe.
The plumber used many different tools to fix our sink.
The plumber used many tools to fix our sink.
The plumbing has a water softener to eliminate lime.
The plump white cat sat on top of the wall and looked at him with exhausted eyes.
The plump white cat sat on top of the wall, looking at him with exhausted eyes.
The plump young woman thrust the heel of her stiletto into my big toe under the pretence that I had been too forceful.
The plums were ripe.
The plums weren't ripe.
The plunder of Sahrawi phosphate generates around a billion dollars for the Moroccan economy.
The plundering of this land has left it barren and infertile.
The plural form of "louse" is "lice".
The plural form of 'person' is 'people', not 'persons'.
The plural form of ’person’ is ’people’, not ’persons’.
The plural of "Nebelbank" is "Nebelbänke", not "Nebelbanken".
The plural of "dilemma" is "dilemmas" or "dilemmata."
The plural of "horse" is "horses."
The plural of 'person' is 'people', not 'persons'.
The plural of anecdote is data.
The plural of anecdote is not data.
The plural of cactus is cacti.
The plural of cat is cats.
The plural of cow is cows.
The plural of day is days.
The plural of deer is deer.
The plural of dog is dogs.
The plural of fish is fish.
The plural of ganglion is ganglia.
The plural of goose is geese.
The plural of horse is horses.
The plural of man is men.
The plural of night is nights.
The plural of octopus is octopuses.
The plural of ox is oxen.
The plural of sheep is sheep.
The plural of the word "ball", is "balls".
The plural of woman is women.
The plush fur of the toy felt so soft and somehow soothing.
The plutocrat is a person whose power comes from their wealth.
The pluviograph is broken.
The pluviometer is broken.
The poachers stole some turtle eggs.
The pocket edition is cheaper.
The pocket timer started beeping.
The pocket-sized chassis makes the camera versatile.
The pod is empty.
The pod malfunctioned.
The pod of pilot whales washed ashore at Panadura Beach.
The podcast began.
The podding or picking of green peas for the London market is also a valuable branch of the business of some farms within a few miles of the metropolis.
The poem infers that the death of any child is a great tragedy.
The poem is facile.
The poem is on page four.
The poem is short but the meaning is deep.
The poem relies heavily on imagery associated with night.
The poem tells the story of the deeds of gods.
The poem told of epic adventures in a fantastic medieval world.
The poem was composed by an anonymous author.
The poem was so wonderful that it inspired me, too.
The poem was written by a girl.
The poem was written in Spanish and then translated into Portuguese.
The poem worked on her heart.
The poem's ending falls flat.
The poem's rhyme scheme is highly complex.
The poem, as a poem, had little success; but by positing that the Age of Louis was the greatest in history, and suggesting that the moderns were as good as the ancients or better, it started a famous controversy.
The poems of Homer were written in Greek.
The poem’s rhyme scheme is highly complex.
The poet Keats belongs to the Romantic school.
The poet always takes account of humanism before everything.
The poet and novelist were both present at the meeting.
The poet and scholar is dead.
The poet attempted to commit suicide in his study.
The poet committed suicide in his own study.
The poet committed suicide in his study.
The poet compared death to sleep.
The poet creates poems.
The poet died young, but his works survived for centuries.
The poet expressed his burning passion for the woman he loved.
The poet gave the girl a rose.
The poet has been writing poems since this morning.
The poet invokes the nymphs of the Tagus, and briefly describes his own shipwreck and other misfortunes.
The poet is a great sentimental.
The poet is dead, what's left is her word.
The poet is deeply concerned about the fate of working people.
The poet is not used to speaking in public.
The poet is the one who inspires much more than the one who is inspired.
The poet is the one who is inspired much more than he is the one who inspires.
The poet is, above all, an artist in the use of words.
The poet lived here some twenty odd years.
The poet lived here twenty years odd.
The poet lived here twenty-odd years.
The poet makes poems.
The poet never dies.
The poet searches for the beauty in life.
The poet sees what the sun does not.
The poet uses the pencil as a brush to make his pictures.
The poet was arrested for rhyme crime.
The poet was in love with words.
The poet was no richer than a beggar.
The poet was sitting alone in his own little room on a very stormy evening; the wind was roaring outside, and the rain poured down in torrents.
The poet went mad in the end.
The poet writes poems.
The poet wrote many poems.
The poet's early years aren't well known.
The poet's work has stood the test of time.
The poetess is dead, what remains is her word.
The poetic fact is found everywhere.
The poetry and music of Zedek Mouloud don't leave listeners indifferent.
The poets of the Augustan age would have celebrated such a meadow with the warmest raptures, and peopled its green expanse with all the sylvan demi-gods of their beautiful mythology.
The poets say that sleep is the brother of death.
The poets, Thucydides and Euripides, were students of Anaxagoras.
The poet’s business is not with facts as such, or with inferences, but with truth of feeling, and the very spirit of truth. His function is ideal; that is, from the prosaic, the individual, the limited, he is to lift us up to the universal, the generic, the boundless. In compassing this noble end he may, if such be his bent, use the facts and feelings and individualities of daily life; and, by illuminating and ennobling them he will approve his human insight, as well as his poetic gift.
The poignant ending of the movie made all of us cry.
The point I want to make is something else.
The point about enclosure is that the configuration of ethnic groups must be clearly described.
The point at issue is not her ability but her character.
The point at which an embryo becomes a fetus has apparently been chosen arbitrarily.
The point here is to find Tom.
The point is Tom wasn't lying.
The point is it's not funny.
The point is not the criminal charge, it's the attitude we adopt toward those abuses.
The point is not to worry about what might happen tomorrow.
The point is that I don't think that's a good idea.
The point is that Tom wasn't lying.
The point is that his sentences are totally fucked up and they're beyond correction.
The point is that mother is not very hard on the child.
The point is that she doesn't do homework for herself.
The point is that she doesn’t do homework for herself.
The point is that the mothers are too busy.
The point is that they are hungry.
The point is that we don't know what is happening around us.
The point is that we don’t know what is happening around us.
The point is that we need to be more careful next time.
The point is that you didn't teach them grammar.
The point is that you didn’t teach them grammar.
The point is that you haven't learned anything from him.
The point is that you haven’t learned anything from him.
The point is they're too young.
The point is they’re too young.
The point is we need help.
The point is we need to be more careful next time.
The point is whether I accept or refuse.
The point is whether Tom will come or not.
The point is whether Tom will read my letter or not.
The point is whether he will read the letter.
The point is whether she will come or not.
The point is whether she will read my letter or not.
The point is whether she will read the letter or not.
The point is, I don't love him anymore.
The point is, we aren't giving up.
The point is, why didn't you tell me?
The point of hipster subculture is to avoid conforming to societal norms.
The point of play is that it has no point.
The point of the pencil has become dull.
The point of this pencil isn't sharp enough.
The point of true mutual understanding has not yet been reached between Japan and China.
The point we must clarify here is that the lines between amateur and professional in sport are beginning to disappear.
The poison Tom put in Mary's drink wasn't enough to kill her.
The poison gave Dmitri an inhuman look.
The poison has pervaded his whole system.
The poison spread through his whole body.
The poison that Tom put in Mary's drink wasn't enough to kill her.
The poison was eating Layla from the inside out.
The poison was working all over Fadil's intestines and was affecting his mind.
The poker game turned deadly.
The poker player stared down at the cards in his hand like they held the answers to life's great mysteries.
The poker player won with a pair of kings.
The polar bear is the apex predator of the Arctic.
The polar bear may be the animal most often identified with climate change, but it is far from the only creature at risk from rising temperatures.
The polar bear was climbing a steep cliff.
The polar bear would have killed me if I hadn't forced my arm into its mouth.
The polar bear's mother hasn't eaten for four months and has lost half her body weight.
The polar bear, which lives on the polar ice-cap, will lose its home and die out.
The polar bears are dying.
The polar caps partially melted and the sea level rose about a metre, so that more than a billion people on coastal areas had to be evacuated.
The polar night has begun in northern Lapland.
The pole inclined to the left.
The pole vaulter jumped more than seven feet.
The poles are strange, beautiful places, where the sun moves sideways, nights last for months, and bone-chilling winds scar the landscape.
The police aborted the investigation.
The police accused her of texting while driving.
The police accused him of murder.
The police accused him of theft.
The police accused him.
The police acquainted him with the event.
The police admonished him to drive more slowly.
The police alarm started at night and ended at dawn, with the arrest of the perpetrator.
The police allowed Fadil to confront Dania.
The police and the FBI pursued several leads.
The police appealed to the crowd not to panic.
The police approached the suspect with their guns drawn.
The police are acting on information received.
The police are after Tom.
The police are after him.
The police are after me.
The police are after the man.
The police are after the murderer.
The police are after us.
The police are after you.
The police are also investigating the incident.
The police are arriving.
The police are asking everyone questions.
The police are believed to have arrested the wrong woman.
The police are calling the policeman back.
The police are certain to get him in the end wherever he may go.
The police are checking their bags.
The police are checking up on the bomb threats.
The police are closely watching Yamada's behaviour.
The police are closing in on Tom.
The police are collecting evidence.
The police are coming.
The police are conducting an investigation.
The police are continuing to investigate the incident.
The police are convinced Tom didn't die from natural causes.
The police are convinced that Tom didn't die from natural causes.
The police are examining the car accident now.
The police are expecting to make an arrest soon.
The police are following us.
The police are going all out just to hold back the crowd.
The police are going all out to keep down the rioting bikers.
The police are going to arrest Tom.
The police are going to arrest you, I think.
The police are going to arrest you.
The police are going to catch you eventually.
The police are going to catch you if you aren't careful.
The police are going to catch you sooner or later.
The police are going to eventually catch you.
The police are going to investigate the crime.
The police are going to question Tom.
The police are gone.
The police are having a blitz on drink driving, hooliganism and hoon driving this weekend.
The police are here already.
The police are here to talk to you.
The police are here.
The police are holding Tom as a suspect.
The police are hunting an escaped convict in this area.
The police are in pursuit of the runaway.
The police are in the pursuit of the fugitive.
The police are inquiring into his connections with the criminals.
The police are interrogating Tom now.
The police are interrogating Tom.
The police are interviewing witnesses.
The police are investigating his death.
The police are investigating my brother for the murder, but they're barking up the wrong tree.
The police are investigating my brother for the murder, but they’re barking up the wrong tree.
The police are investigating the accident.
The police are investigating the case.
The police are investigating the cause of the accident.
The police are investigating the cause of the crash around the clock.
The police are investigating the cause of the crash.
The police are investigating the crime.
The police are investigating the murder.
The police are investigating the shooting.
The police are investigating the situation.
The police are investigating what happened here.
The police are keeping Tom's house under observation.
The police are known to victimize anyone who isn't local to that town.
The police are looking for Tom.
The police are looking for both of us.
The police are looking for clues.
The police are looking for her.
The police are looking for him.
The police are looking for me.
The police are looking for suspects.
The police are looking for the person who stole my bicycle.
The police are looking for the robber.
The police are looking for them.
The police are looking for us.
The police are looking for you.
The police are looking into his disappearance.
The police are looking into it.
The police are looking into the cause of the accident.
The police are looking into the cause of the traffic accident.
The police are looking into the incident.
The police are looking into the matter.
The police are looking into the murder case.
The police are looking into the records of those people.
The police are making every effort to look into the case.
The police are not here to arrest you.
The police are not your friend.
The police are now checking on Tom's alibi.
The police are now inquiring into the cause of the fire.
The police are now investigating the cause of the accident.
The police are now looking for the person responsible for dumping garbage in the park.
The police are now questioning Tom.
The police are now there.
The police are on the track of the thief.
The police are on their way.
The police are onto something.
The police are out in force today.
The police are out there.
The police are out with dogs searching for Tom.
The police are planning to arrest Tom.
The police are pretty sure that Tom didn't commit suicide.
The police are protecting it.
The police are pursuing an escaped prisoner.
The police are pursuing the deserter.
The police are questioning Tom.
The police are questioning her.
The police are questioning him.
The police are questioning several suspects in this crime.
The police are questioning them.
The police are questioning witnesses.
The police are really good at understanding "Someone stole my credit card and ran up a lot of charges." It's a lot harder to get them to buy into "Someone stole my magic sword."
The police are really good at understanding "Someone stole my credit card and ran up a lot of charges." It’s a lot harder to get them to buy into "Someone stole my magic sword."
The police are reluctant to pursue criminal charges in medical cases.
The police are responsible for the maintenance of law and order.
The police are searching for Tom.
The police are searching for an escaped prisoner.
The police are searching for clues.
The police are searching our house.
The police are searching.
The police are still investigating the cause of the accident.
The police are still investigating the mysterious death of the professor.
The police are still investigating.
The police are still looking for Tom.
The police are still looking for him.
The police are still looking for the murderer.
The police are still questioning Tom.
The police are still trying to figure out how Tom escaped.
The police are still trying to identify the robber.
The police are supposed to serve and protect.
The police are suspicious of my alibi.
The police are suspicious of the old man.
The police are telling people to stay inside.
The police are there.
The police are treating his death as a case of murder.
The police are trying to get entirely rid of drunken driving.
The police are trying to investigate the crime.
The police are trying to link me to the deaths of my parents.
The police are trying to locate the victim's family.
The police are urging anyone with information to come forward.
The police are watching us from across the street.
The police are your friends.
The police aren't after us anymore.
The police aren't allowed to drink on duty.
The police aren't chasing us anymore.
The police aren't sure how Tom died.
The police aren't sure that Tom was the guy who tried to break in.
The police aren’t allowed to drink on duty.
The police arranged an ambush to catch the mugger.
The police arrest the thief.
The police arrested Ezra in Brooklyn for hoarding N95 masks and selling them at inflated prices.
The police arrested Layla for prostitution several times.
The police arrested Tom after responding to reports of a disturbance at his home.
The police arrested Tom because he looked a little like the suspect.
The police arrested Tom because he resembled the suspect.
The police arrested Tom in October.
The police arrested Tom this afternoon.
The police arrested Tom yesterday.
The police arrested Tom.
The police arrested a man that looks like Tom.
The police arrested a man who looks like Tom.
The police arrested a suspect in connection with the robbery.
The police arrested a suspect yesterday.
The police arrested all those who had participated in the illegal street race.
The police arrested everyone at the party.
The police arrested everyone in the room.
The police arrested four men.
The police arrested her.
The police arrested him for drinking and driving.
The police arrested him for smuggling.
The police arrested him for theft.
The police arrested him.
The police arrested me.
The police arrested members from two criminal gangs.
The police arrested six people in the drug raid.
The police arrested the burglar on the spot.
The police arrested the burglar.
The police arrested the kidnapper.
The police arrested the man who had murdered the girl.
The police arrested the man who was causing the disturbance.
The police arrested the murderer.
The police arrested the person they think killed Tom.
The police arrested the pickpocket in the act.
The police arrested the suspect in the case.
The police arrested the suspect yesterday.
The police arrested the suspect.
The police arrested the thief.
The police arrested the translator for using Google Translate.
The police arrested the wrong man.
The police arrested them.
The police arrested three men.
The police arrested two men and two women.
The police arrested two men.
The police arrested us.
The police arrived a few minutes later.
The police arrived after Paul picked Amelia up.
The police arrived and Santiago told them everything.
The police arrived and arrested Lukas.
The police arrived and witnessed the chaos at the hospital.
The police arrived at Martino’s home.
The police arrived at the crash site.
The police arrived at the scene thirty minutes later.
The police arrived by helicopter.
The police arrived on the scene.
The police arrived very quickly.
The police arrived when everything was solved.
The police arrived with a search warrant.
The police arrived with an arrest warrant.
The police arrived within five minutes.
The police arrived.
The police ascribed the automobile accident to reckless driving.
The police asked Leon to calm down.
The police asked Sami to wear a wire and question his father.
The police asked Tom to describe the intruder.
The police asked Tom to describe the mugger.
The police asked Tom to describe the muggers.
The police asked Tom to tell them what the intruder was wearing.
The police asked Tom to wear a wire.
The police asked Yanni for a footprint.
The police asked Ziri a bunch of questions.
The police asked the criminal to give up his gun.
The police asked the girl to make a rough sketch of her lost dog.
The police assembled a lot of evidence against him.
The police assembled several unemployed men.
The police assessed the damage to Yanni's car.
The police assured that she would clear the case.
The police balked the criminal's escape.
The police balked the criminal’s escape.
The police began a crackdown on illegal parking.
The police began to go into the matter in no time.
The police began to go into the murder case.
The police began to look into the matter.
The police believe I'm involved.
The police believe Tom acted alone.
The police believe Tom and Mary were involved in the murder.
The police believe Tom and Mary were murdered.
The police believe Tom had something to do with Mary's disappearance.
The police believe Tom may have fallen asleep behind the wheel.
The police believe Tom was involved in last week's robbery.
The police believe Tom was involved in the murder.
The police believe Tom was murdered.
The police believe Tom was somehow involved in the murder.
The police believe Tom was somehow involved.
The police believe that Tom acted alone.
The police believe that Tom and Mary were involved in last week's robbery.
The police believe that Tom and Mary were murdered.
The police believe that Tom had something to do with Mary's disappearance.
The police believe that Tom may have fallen asleep behind the wheel.
The police believe that Tom was involved in last week's robbery.
The police believe that Tom was involved in the murder.
The police believe that Tom was somehow involved.
The police believe that the driver fell asleep while driving.
The police believe the driver fell asleep while driving.
The police believe the victim knew his killer.
The police believed that Layla was somehow involved in the murder.
The police blamed the accident on the taxi driver.
The police blamed the hot dog-days for sparking the riot.
The police bothered Yanni.
The police brawled with the demonstrators.
The police breathalysed him last night, but he was in the clear.
The police broke up the crowd.
The police broke up the fight.
The police brought Tom's killer to justice.
The police brought Tom's murderer to justice.
The police brought a charge of theft against him.
The police brutality incidents nearly set off a riot.
The police called Elias's parents out of the blue.
The police called Tom a hero.
The police called him back a few minutes later.
The police called off the search late Monday.
The police called on Mary yesterday.
The police came across an interesting find.
The police came and arrested William.
The police came and arrested all of the kidnappers.
The police came and investigated the crime scene.
The police came and looked into all the evidence.
The police came as soon as they heard the gunfire.
The police came by Miroslav’s house to take his testimony.
The police came quickly.
The police came surprisingly quickly.
The police came to Tom's house.
The police came to arrest Boldi.
The police came to the conclusion that I was innocent.
The police came.
The police can ask you to give your name and address.
The police can't arrest Tom.
The police can't arrest her.
The police can't arrest him.
The police can't arrest them.
The police can't arrest you.
The police can't be everywhere.
The police can't do anything.
The police can't find Tom.
The police can't find a single person who remembers seeing you where you said you were on the night of the murder.
The police can't find her.
The police can't find him.
The police can't find them.
The police can't locate Ziri.
The police can't question Tom until his lawyer gets here.
The police can't stop this.
The police canvassed the area.
The police captured a serial robber.
The police captured the escaped criminal.
The police car followed David.
The police car just continued to idle there.
The police car skidded to a stop.
The police car turned around again.
The police car was ambushed by members of a local gang.
The police car was closing in on Santiago’s truck.
The police car was driving at fairly high speed.
The police carefully investigated the cause of the accident.
The police carefully searched the scene of the accident.
The police cars pulled into the lot.
The police cast their net wide.
The police caught Tom in the act and quickly arrested him.
The police caught Tom red-handed, breaking into a house in our neighborhood.
The police caught Tom red-handed.
The police caught Tom's killers.
The police caught Tom.
The police caught him at it.
The police caught him red handed.
The police caught him.
The police caught sight of the criminal running away.
The police caught the burglar red-handed.
The police caught the killer.
The police caught the suicide bomber before he could detonate his bomb.
The police caught the thief by the collar.
The police caught the thief.
The police caught up with him.
The police charged Sachiyo with the murder.
The police charged him with leaking information to a neighboring country.
The police charged him with speeding.
The police charged into the bar.
The police chased the escaped convict.
The police chased the stolen car.
The police checked if Matthew had a past.
The police checked out the abandoned house.
The police checked up on each car.
The police chief resigned.
The police chief said no arrests had been made yet.
The police chief said no arrests had been made.
The police chief said they have strong leads.
The police chief was arrested at a motel in a prostitution sting.
The police chief was caught stealing a turkey.
The police closed off the woods without saying a word to anyone as to why.
The police combed the city.
The police commander belongs to the corps of planning and leadership, often serving as a department head.
The police commissioner is responsible for leading local or specialized internal security services.
The police commissioner said that he would in no way, shape, or form discuss the details of the matter, as it was the subject of ongoing investigations.
The police compared the fingerprints on the gun with those on the door.
The police conducted a search at Tom Smith's house.
The police conducted an offensive against some drug dealers.
The police confirmed Sami's alibi.
The police confirmed Tom's alibi.
The police confirmed that Tom was the murderer.
The police confiscated Dan's driving licence.
The police confronted Sami about the inconsistencies of his stories.
The police connected Tom to the murder through a diary he left in his hotel room.
The police consider Tom a suspect.
The police considered Sami as a suspect.
The police considered the crime to be serious.
The police constable arrested the teenager for shoplifting.
The police contacted Sami.
The police continue to search for the gunman.
The police continued searching Fadil's van.
The police continued their investigation.
The police control the access points to the city.
The police cordoned off the area with yellow tape.
The police cornered Tom at a local warehouse.
The police could arrest you for that.
The police could not control the mob.
The police could not establish the identity of the man.
The police couldn't find Tom anywhere.
The police couldn't find Tom.
The police couldn't find all the people that Bernadette hung out with.
The police couldn't find any footprints outside Tom's bedroom window.
The police couldn't find any sign of foul play.
The police couldn't find everyone that Bernadette had often visited.
The police couldn't track Yanni.
The police couldn’t find any footprints outside Tom’s bedroom window.
The police covered the body with a sheet.
The police crossed Sami off their suspect list.
The police cruiser pulled to a stop near the spot where the accident happened.
The police decided to arrest him.
The police decided to pay Sami another visit.
The police demanded Lorenzo come out with his hands up.
The police demanded that I move my car.
The police demanded that he go with them.
The police demanded that the criminal hand over the gun to them.
The police department announced that they had not found the suspect.
The police department asked all criminal activities and nefarious behavior to cease.
The police department asked criminal to stop their criminal activities due to COVID-19.
The police department asked criminal to stop their criminal activities.
The police department didn't even have a fingerprint kit.
The police department in Boston was forced to undergo serious reform in response to the protests.
The police department was recruiting.
The police described how the case would be handled.
The police detained Tom.
The police detained several suspects for questioning.
The police detected the spy.
The police detective carefully collected samples for DNA testing.
The police detective didn't believe Tom's story.
The police detective found a bloody knife.
The police detective said that all of the doors and windows were locked from the inside.
The police determined that Tom was an escaped convict.
The police determined that it was a suicide.
The police developed a new lead.
The police did a thorough investigation in Ziri's house.
The police did arrest someone.
The police did not dare to raid.
The police did not establish something suspicious.
The police did nothing.
The police didn't arrest Tom.
The police didn't believe Tom's story.
The police didn't believe Yanni.
The police didn't believe her story.
The police didn't believe his denial.
The police didn't believe my story.
The police didn't book Tom for murder.
The police didn't find any clues.
The police didn't find any evidence related to who the shooter was.
The police didn't find any weapons in Tom's garage.
The police didn't find anyone's traces.
The police didn't find anything incriminating in his diary.
The police didn't find anything suspicious.
The police didn't find fingerprints.
The police didn't get the right guy.
The police didn't have at all.
The police didn't let Tom see Mary.
The police didn't let Tom talk to Mary.
The police didn't let Yanni see Skura.
The police didn't put him on trial.
The police didn't really want to create a panic.
The police didn't think it was likely Tom had killed himself.
The police didn't think it was likely that Mary had killed herself.
The police didn't think it was likely that Tom and Mary had killed themselves.
The police didn't think it was likely that Tom had killed himself.
The police didn't think that it was likely Tom had killed himself.
The police didn't think that it was likely that Tom had killed himself.
The police didn’t believe his denial.
The police didn’t book Tom for murder.
The police didn’t find any clues.
The police didn’t find anyone’s traces.
The police didn’t put him on trial.
The police didn’t think it was likely that Tom had killed himself.
The police discovered a small infant child in that room. Although he was covered in blood, he was completely unharmed.
The police discovered damning evidence against him.
The police dismissed the people.
The police dispersed the crowd by firing tear gas.
The police dispersed the crowd.
The police do not give up in maintaining order.
The police do not have the right to shoot in this situation.
The police dog found trace amounts of cocaine in his luggage.
The police dog picked up Sami's scent.
The police dog was still mauling Ibrahim.
The police dogs found traces of cocaine in his baggage.
The police dogs picked up Tom's scent and started barking.
The police don't consider Tom a suspect.
The police don't have a suspect.
The police don't have any evidence against Tom.
The police don't know where the criminals are hiding.
The police don't know where the criminals hid themselves.
The police don't think it was an accident.
The police don't yet know anything about the shooter.
The police don’t consult amateurs.
The police drew an outline of a body at the scene of the crime to indicate how the body was lying when it was found.
The police drew up a list of persons of interest after the discovery of Mary's body.
The police drives the illegal vendors out of the city center.
The police dug deeper into Sami's life.
The police dug out some facts about the matter.
The police dusted the van for fingerprints.
The police employed a water cannon.
The police entered the room and shot Tom.
The police established a road block.
The police established that Dan acted within the bounds of self-defense.
The police established where he was when the crime occurred.
The police eventually arrested Tom.
The police eventually found Tom in Boston.
The police eventually found Tom's car in Boston.
The police executed a search warrant on my brother's apartment.
The police exhumed Fadil's body.
The police expect people to follow the law.
The police expect to apprehend the robber before nightfall.
The police expects people to follow the law.
The police finally arrived and arrested Rodrigo.
The police finally managed to track Sami down.
The police fined the driver who didn't obey traffic rules.
The police fingerprinted Tom.
The police fired directly into the crowd.
The police fired tear gas and water cannons at the protesters.
The police fired tear gas and water cannons to disperse the protesters.
The police fired tear gas at the protesters.
The police fired tear gas through the windows.
The police fired tear gas to break up the demonstration.
The police fired three shots.
The police fished a dead body out of the river this morning.
The police fished the evidence out of the sewer, a filthy agglomeration of shit, wet-wipes, and, for some reason, car parts.
The police followed Dan into a shopping mall.
The police followed Tom's car into the decommissioned tunnel.
The police followed a red herring while they let the true criminal escape.
The police followed her all the way to Paris.
The police followed him to Paris.
The police followed up all their leads, but came up empty handed.
The police force launched a multimedia campaign and community outreach program to facilitate the recruitment of applicants from minority communities, so that the resultant force would better reflect the ethnic and cultural makeup of the population it serves.
The police forced a confession from her.
The police fought the workers.
The police found Dan dead on the kitchen floor.
The police found Dan's blood on Linda's shoes.
The police found Layla's fingerprints on the doorknob.
The police found Linda's shirt in Dan's room.
The police found Sami's fingerprints on the doorknob.
The police found Tom alive and unharmed.
The police found Tom dead in his home.
The police found Tom dead on the porch.
The police found Tom fatally wounded in the head.
The police found Tom hiding in Mary's basement.
The police found Tom hiding in one of the storerooms.
The police found Tom lying on the floor with a bullet hole in the middle of his forehead.
The police found Tom's bicycle.
The police found Tom's blood on Mary's shoes.
The police found Tom's body floating in the harbor.
The police found Tom's body floating in the harbour.
The police found Tom's body in a shallow grave behind the barn.
The police found Tom's body in his garage.
The police found Tom's body on the kitchen floor.
The police found Tom's car at the airport.
The police found Tom's fingerprint on the trigger.
The police found Tom's fingerprints in Mary's house.
The police found Tom's fingerprints on the doorknob.
The police found Tom's footprint in Mary's room.
The police found Tom's hideout.
The police found Tom’s bicycle.
The police found a blonde hair in the sink.
The police found a body washed up on the beach near here.
The police found a cartridge case next to the body.
The police found a critical piece of evidence.
The police found a dead body in Tom's car.
The police found a dead body in an abandoned car near the park.
The police found a dead body on the train.
The police found a gun in Tom's car.
The police found a gun in Tom's locker.
The police found a headless corpse in the park near my house.
The police found a hidden camera in Tom's living room.
The police found a note next to the dead woman's body: "To my family, forgive me."
The police found a suicide note in Tom's pocket.
The police found a suicide note in Tom’s pocket.
The police found a truck matching that description.
The police found a way to get the suspect to talk.
The police found an abandoned car with stolen tags.
The police found blood on the chair.
The police found blood on the floor.
The police found boxes that contained marijuana and other drugs inside the trunk of the car.
The police found drugs in Tom's house.
The police found drugs on the bus and detained all the passengers.
The police found evidence that the man committed the crime.
The police found foreign DNA at the scene of the crime.
The police found gunshot residue on Tom's hands.
The police found his diary.
The police found his stolen bicycle in a park.
The police found my bicycle that had been stolen.
The police found no clue.
The police found no clues that would help them locate Fadil.
The police found no evidence.
The police found no sign of forced entry.
The police found no signs of foul play in the apartment.
The police found nothing suspicious in Dan's room.
The police found nothing to link Dan to the robbery.
The police found out the thief.
The police found out where the criminal lived.
The police found several homemade bombs in Tom's house.
The police found shoe impressions at the crime scene.
The police found some blood on the floor.
The police found ten kilograms of marijuana hidden in his luggage.
The police found ten kilos of marijuana hidden in his luggage.
The police found the getaway car abandoned three blocks from the bank.
The police found the politician dead in his room.
The police found the stolen jewelry.
The police found the stolen jewels.
The police found them out very soon.
The police found three wallets in your car.
The police found two crushed mobile phones in a trash can near the site of the killings and are attempting to exploit the data contained in them.
The police gathered a lot of evidence from the crime scene.
The police gave Tom the chance to surrender.
The police gave back the money they stole.
The police got a tip from an informant.
The police got an anonymous tip.
The police got an important piece of information from him.
The police got in touch with the health department.
The police got the evidence that they needed.
The police got the evidence they needed.
The police got to the scene of the accident.
The police got wind of a robbery in the area.
The police grilled Tom for hours.
The police had all the evidence they needed.
The police had all the prostitutes line up in a straight line.
The police had many reasons to suspect Tom.
The police had no other evidence against Layla.
The police had no reasonable cause to search my car.
The police had reasons to suspect Sami.
The police had reasons to suspect Tom.
The police had the place surrounded.
The police had the witness explain in detail how the accident had happened.
The police had their reasons for suspecting Tom.
The police had their reasons to suspect Tom.
The police had to collect a sample of Salas's DNA.
The police had to cordon off the area.
The police had to let Tom go.
The police had to retrieve the murder weapon to prove Dan's guilt.
The police had trouble handcuffing Tom.
The police had trouble putting handcuffs on Tom.
The police handcuffed Mary and read her her rights.
The police handcuffed Tom and Mary and read them their rights.
The police handcuffed Tom and read him his rights.
The police handcuffed Tom's hands behind his back.
The police has arrived.
The police has been looking for Gabriel.
The police has never been to Ziri's neighborhood.
The police have Tom safely locked up.
The police have Tom under surveillance.
The police have a code of silence.
The police have a sketch of the suspect.
The police have a suspect in custody.
The police have all the evidence that they need.
The police have all the evidence they need.
The police have already got Leon.
The police have already questioned Tom.
The police have arrested Tom several times.
The police have arrested Tom.
The police have arrested her.
The police have arrested him.
The police have arrested me.
The police have arrested one of the counterfeiters.
The police have arrested someone.
The police have arrested the man suspected of murdering Tom.
The police have arrested the murderer's accomplices.
The police have arrested them.
The police have arrested us.
The police have been after him for a long time.
The police have been alerted.
The police have been cracking down on jaywalking in the area.
The police have been following me.
The police have been informed.
The police have been notified.
The police have been searching Tom's house for three hours, but they haven't found anything yet.
The police have been searching for Tom for years.
The police have been searching for the stolen goods for almost a month.
The police have been watching our every move.
The police have blocked off part of the area.
The police have blocked off the area.
The police have called off the search.
The police have called off their manhunt.
The police have caught Tom.
The police have caught him.
The police have caught the murderer.
The police have cleared the square.
The police have crossed Tom off their suspect list.
The police have decided to look into the case.
The police have detained Tom.
The police have few clues to go on in this case.
The police have found Tom.
The police have found new evidence.
The police have found no trace of the suspect yet.
The police have given up looking for the missing child.
The police have hauled in a suspect for questioning.
The police have increased their shoreline patrols.
The police have just made an arrest.
The police have made hundreds of drug busts across the country.
The police have many reasons to suspect Tom.
The police have no evidence against Tom.
The police have no evidence to prove that.
The police have no grounds to hold Tom.
The police have no other evidence against Tom.
The police have no suspects.
The police have one of the kidnappers in custody.
The police have opened an investigation.
The police have picked Tom up for questioning.
The police have questioned Tom again.
The police have reasons to suspect Tom.
The police have ruled out suicide.
The police have set up roadblocks.
The police have shown up.
The police have started a nationwide hunt for the criminal.
The police have started investigating the case.
The police have surrounded the building.
The police have taken Tom away for questioning.
The police have taken Tom into custody.
The police have taken over.
The police have their reasons for suspecting Tom.
The police have to take this seriously.
The police have traced her to Paris.
The police have uncovered new evidence related to the case.
The police have verified Tom's alibi.
The police haven't arrested anyone yet.
The police haven't been able to find Tom.
The police haven't found the murderer yet.
The police haven't given up looking for Tom.
The police haven't notified Tom yet.
The police haven't questioned Tom yet.
The police haven't ruled out sabotage.
The police haven't ruled out suicide.
The police haven't solved the case yet.
The police haven't yet caught the person who committed this hideous crime.
The police haven’t yet caught the person who committed this hideous crime.
The police held Leon until the ambulance arrived for him.
The police held Tom in custody overnight.
The police held back the crowd.
The police held back the protesters.
The police held him in custody.
The police held the angry crowd back.
The police held the crowd back.
The police helicopter can calculate your speed.
The police helicopter can see everything you do in the car.
The police hid a listening device in the criminal's car.
The police hunted Tom down like a dog.
The police hunted for an accessory.
The police hurried to disperse the riots with force.
The police identified Dan by his fingerprints.
The police in Warsaw were in the habit of searching people in the streets.
The police in this city wear blue uniforms.
The police increasingly believed that Sami had something to do with Layla's disappearance.
The police informed us about the incident.
The police informed us of the accident.
The police insisted on confiscating even the printer for forensic analysis.
The police interrogated Tom for three hours.
The police interrogated Tom.
The police interrogated me.
The police intervened in the disturbance.
The police intervention in the early morning of November 1st was precisely one of the points that greater stains have spilt over the municipal actions in the political investigation of the tragedy.
The police investigated the suspects' past.
The police is always watching the movements of the group.
The police is coming!
The police is searching for an escaped prisoner.
The police just got here.
The police just let us walk out of there.
The police keep order.
The police keep us safe.
The police kept looking for a stolen article for about one month.
The police kicked us out into the street.
The police killed Tom in his home.
The police killed a man for getting past the checkpoint.
The police killed more than 400 people to suppress the protests.
The police knew he was guilty but they couldn't make the charges stick.
The police knew he was guilty but they couldn’t make the charges stick.
The police knew it was a hot item.
The police knew they had the correct individual.
The police laid out a spike strip on the road.
The police launched a manhunt.
The police launched tear gas at the protesters.
The police learned more about Sami's life.
The police left no stone unturned.
The police left without finding anything.
The police let Tom go.
The police lied in wait, ready to swoop in.
The police liked the husband for the crime at first, but he had an alibi.
The police locked Tom up.
The police locked her up.
The police looked everywhere and could find no trace of Tom.
The police looked everywhere and couldn't find any trace of Tom.
The police looked everywhere and couldn’t find any trace of Tom.
The police looked in Tom's locker, but didn't find what they thought they'd find.
The police looked into Sami's recent behavior.
The police looked into his past record.
The police looked into that incident.
The police looked into the records of the man.
The police lowered their weapons.
The police made the arrest shortly after 2:30 p.m.
The police made the witness explain in detail how the accident had happened.
The police major is the highest rank in the supervisory and enforcement corps.
The police managed to corral the unruly crowd.
The police managed to disarm the perp.
The police managed to keep the crowd under control.
The police managed to locate the criminal.
The police managed to track down the owner of the car.
The police must have something on Tom.
The police need more information to catch the thief.
The police need someone to blame.
The police never caught Paul.
The police never caught the guy who attacked Tom.
The police never contacted Tobias after that day.
The police never found Leon.
The police never found Tom's body.
The police never investigated.
The police never managed to catch Ziri.
The police never showed up.
The police no longer believe Tom murdered Mary.
The police no longer believe that Tom murdered Mary.
The police now believe Tom had something to do with Mary's disappearance.
The police now believe Tom may have faked his own death.
The police now believe that Tom had something to do with Mary's disappearance.
The police now believe that Tom may have faked his own death.
The police observed the man enter the bank.
The police obtained Sami's cell-phone records.
The police obtained a warrant to search Tom's apartment.
The police obtained the hotel records of Sami's business trip.
The police office told us that the bridge had been washed away.
The police officer accepted a bribe.
The police officer advised us to leave.
The police officer apologized to Ivan.
The police officer arrested him for drink-driving.
The police officer arrested the burglar.
The police officer asked Tom to empty his pockets.
The police officer asked Tom to get out of his car.
The police officer asked Tom to open the trunk of his car.
The police officer asked Tom to step out of the car.
The police officer asked me what my name was.
The police officer beat the protester with her nightstick.
The police officer blew his whistle.
The police officer called for backup.
The police officer checked to see if the body lying on the ground had a pulse.
The police officer commanded Adriano to come here and he listened.
The police officer crashed his motorcycle.
The police officer doesn't shout from Monday through Friday.
The police officer drew his revolver.
The police officer enforces civil law.
The police officer fired a blank.
The police officer fired a warning shot into the air.
The police officer fired a warning shot.
The police officer flashed his badge.
The police officer found a white powder in the glove compartment.
The police officer frisked Tom.
The police officer gave me directions to the station.
The police officer had the arrest warrant.
The police officer handcuffed Mary's hands behind her back.
The police officer handcuffed Tom to his chair.
The police officer handcuffed Tom's hands behind his back.
The police officer has more children than the musician.
The police officer is here.
The police officer killed a black man with three shots to the back.
The police officer knelt down to look at the body.
The police officer knew Sami was a fugitive.
The police officer let Tom go.
The police officer looked into the trunk of Tom's car.
The police officer made him blow into the breathalyzer.
The police officer on duty sensed an elderly man coming up behind him.
The police officer placed Tom under arrest.
The police officer pointed his pistol at the criminal, who, in turn, held his pistol directly pointed at the officer. Neither had the advantage, the position was a stalemate.
The police officer pulled Edmundo out of the closet and cuffed him.
The police officer pulled out a nightstick.
The police officer put a piece of paper in front of him.
The police officer put handcuffs on Tom.
The police officer put handcuffs on the suspect.
The police officer put the cuffs on Tom.
The police officer ran into the library.
The police officer removed Tom's handcuffs.
The police officer resolved the situation without resorting to violence.
The police officer said he believes the suspect has a direct connection to the crime.
The police officer said that we should go that way.
The police officer said we should go that way.
The police officer set Ziri free.
The police officer shined his flashlight in Tom's face.
The police officer shone his powerful flashlight at the car.
The police officer tried to deescalate the situation.
The police officer walked Adriano outside to the police car.
The police officer was able to make him talk.
The police officer was attacked by someone.
The police officer was attacked.
The police officer went to the library to read a book.
The police officer wore a bulletproof vest.
The police officer wrote Tom a ticket.
The police officer wrote him a speeding ticket.
The police officer yelled at Tom to stop.
The police officer yelled, "Put your hands in the air!"
The police officer's dog is big.
The police officer's partner was shot.
The police officers aimed their guns at Tom.
The police officers arrested the burglar.
The police officers completed their inspection.
The police officers didn't move a muscle.
The police officers drew their guns and then entered the house.
The police officers entered the house with their guns drawn.
The police officers froze.
The police officers have stopped me many times.
The police officers manacled her to a chair for questioning.
The police officers put on their bullet-proof vests.
The police officers put the cuffs on Tom.
The police officers questioned me.
The police officers searched my car.
The police officers searched the truck.
The police officers surrounded Tom.
The police officers took the man who was yelling into custody.
The police officers uncuffed the prisoner.
The police officers wear black pants and blue shirts.
The police officers were playing chess at the police station.
The police officers' speed surprised us.
The police officer’s hand was reattached after a lengthy surgery.
The police officer’s partner was shot.
The police opened an investigation.
The police opened fire without warning.
The police ordered the suspect to drop his gun.
The police ordered us to leave.
The police persuaded her not to jump off the bridge.
The police persuaded the criminal to surrender his weapon.
The police picked Tom up.
The police placed listening devices in Sami's home.
The police plan to arrest Tom.
The police planted drugs in his car.
The police planted evidence at the crime scene.
The police prepared an elaborate sting operation.
The police pressured Miroslav to cooperate.
The police promised Tom that they would look for his daughter.
The police promised Tom they would look for his daughter.
The police promised to investigate the matter.
The police promised to look into the matter.
The police protects citizens.
The police pulled Sami's phone records from the night he disappeared.
The police pulled up in front of Jonas's house a few moments later.
The police pursued Dan into a decommissioned factory.
The police pursued the murderer.
The police pursued the stolen vehicle along the motorway.
The police put a GPS tracker on Tom's car.
The police put him in handcuffs.
The police questioned Sami about the day of the murder.
The police questioned Sami for six hours.
The police questioned Tom about the day of the murder.
The police questioned Tom again.
The police questioned Tom for hours.
The police questioned Tom for three hours.
The police questioned Tom's girlfriend, Mary.
The police questioned Tom.
The police questioned him closely.
The police quickly got on the track of the murderer.
The police raided the motel.
The police raided the speakeasy.
The police rained bullets at Edmundo.
The police raked through his life.
The police rarely intervene.
The police reached out for the FBI to help them find the criminal.
The police realized that Dan acted in self-defence.
The police realized that they needed to locate Fadil immediately.
The police received an anonymous tip-off that the bank robbery was an inside job.
The police recovered Tom's stolen wallet.
The police recovered the stolen jewelry.
The police recovered the stolen jewels.
The police recovered the stolen money.
The police regarded him as a party to the crime.
The police released him.
The police reopened the case in 2006.
The police required him to appear.
The police rescued Tom and brought him back to his family.
The police rescued Tom.
The police responded with tear gas.
The police restricted access to the road.
The police retraced Sami's route to his office.
The police returned fire.
The police roped off the street near the spot.
The police roughed Tom up.
The police ruled out the possibility of suicide in the case.
The police said I was violent.
The police said Tom may have fallen asleep at the wheel.
The police said no one was injured.
The police said nobody was injured.
The police said nothing.
The police said that Tom may have fallen asleep at the wheel.
The police said that Tom was armed.
The police said that it's human blood.
The police said that the bus didn't appear to be speeding.
The police said that they didn't use tear gas.
The police said that we had to leave.
The police said the bus didn't appear to be speeding.
The police said the driver wasn't hurt.
The police said the search for Tom will continue.
The police said the search for Tom would continue.
The police said there were no casualties.
The police said there were no major injuries.
The police said they found Tom's fingerprints there.
The police said they thought Tom had died Monday night.
The police said they were going to release Tom.
The police said they would use their forensics team to find the culprit.
The police said they wouldn't stop searching for Tom.
The police said we had to leave.
The police saw the man enter the bank.
The police say Tom and Mary weren't armed.
The police say Tom was killed with a tire iron.
The police say Tom wasn't armed.
The police say that Tom was killed with a tire iron.
The police say that Tom's fingerprints were found on the murder weapon.
The police say there's someone pulling string behind the scenes.
The police say there’s someone pulling string behind the scenes.
The police say they know that you had an accomplice.
The police say they know you had an accomplice.
The police scoured every building in town.
The police searched Diego's property.
The police searched Tom Smith's house.
The police searched Tom's apartment for clues.
The police searched Tom's car.
The police searched Tom's home and office.
The police searched Tom's home.
The police searched Tom's house for three hours, but they couldn't find anything.
The police searched Tom's house for three hours, but they didn't find anything.
The police searched Tom's house for three hours.
The police searched Tom's house.
The police searched Tom's locker.
The police searched Tom's office.
The police searched Tom's room for three hours.
The police searched Tom's room, but didn't find anything.
The police searched Tom's room.
The police searched Tom's school locker.
The police searched Tom's truck.
The police searched Tom's vehicle.
The police searched all night for the escaped convicts.
The police searched all the lockers at Tom's high school today.
The police searched everywhere and could find no trace of Tom.
The police searched everywhere but couldn't find the thief.
The police searched for clues.
The police searched for the lost boy.
The police searched for the missing child.
The police searched for the stolen computers but they were never recovered.
The police searched her house and seized 2 kilograms of heroin.
The police searched her house for possible evidence.
The police searched his house and seized 2 kilograms of heroin.
The police searched my room.
The police searched that house to be sure the stolen shoes were not there.
The police searched the area with a dog.
The police searched the area.
The police searched the city for Layla.
The police searched the city for Tom.
The police searched the dumpster behind Tom's office.
The police searched the entire campus.
The police searched the entire city for Ziri.
The police searched the entirety of the property.
The police searched the house and seized 2 kilograms of heroin.
The police searched the premises thoroughly.
The police searched their house and seized 2 kilograms of heroin.
The police searched through her house looking for evidence against her.
The police sectioned off a 20-mile radius of the city in hopes of trapping the suspect.
The police seem to know exactly where we are.
The police seemed to be making little progress.
The police seized a large quantity of drugs at the school.
The police seized a large shipment of illegal narcotics.
The police seized the robber by the neck.
The police set a dog on the scent.
The police set out to solve the crime.
The police set up a radar trap.
The police set up a roadblock.
The police shot Dan dead.
The police shot Dmitri’s father dead.
The police shot Tom's tires out.
The police shot Tom’s tires out.
The police shot and killed Tom.
The police shot tear gas canisters at the crowd.
The police showed me your confession.
The police showed me your picture.
The police showed up on my doorstep.
The police showed up.
The police shut down Tom’s lemonade stand.
The police slogan is "To serve and protect". They serve and protect politicians and globalists.
The police sometimes arrest innocent people.
The police soon arrived. They cuffed the criminal and took him away.
The police soon caught up with Rodrigo.
The police spent hours searching Tom's place, but they couldn't find the murder weapon.
The police spent hours searching Tom’s place, but they couldn’t find the murder weapon.
The police spokesman said no suspects were in custody.
The police spotted him at once as the offender.
The police sprayed tear gas through the window.
The police staked out the suspect's house.
The police started following up a new lead.
The police started to look into the murder case.
The police started to think that Fadil may have had some unlikely enemies in the area.
The police station is close to the station.
The police stationed a man at the door.
The police stepped up their efforts to catch the rapist.
The police still can't point out who committed the crime.
The police still can’t point out who committed the crime.
The police still have no leads.
The police still haven't found anything.
The police stole Tom's car.
The police stopped Tom.
The police stopped investigating and the case went cold.
The police surmised that the victim told them the truth.
The police surrounded Tom's place.
The police surrounded Tom.
The police surrounded the place where Tom was hiding.
The police suspect Tom also murdered his first wife.
The police suspect Tom committed suicide.
The police suspect Tom is a serial killer.
The police suspect Tom killed himself.
The police suspect Tom killed his wife for the insurance money.
The police suspect Tom poisoned Mary's food.
The police suspect Tom poisoned Mary.
The police suspect Tom was drugged.
The police suspect Tom was involved in the murder.
The police suspect Tom was murdered.
The police suspect Tom was trying to poison Mary.
The police suspect it was a murder.
The police suspect one was one of the people robbed the bank.
The police suspect that Tom also murdered his first wife.
The police suspect that Tom committed suicide.
The police suspect that Tom is a serial killer.
The police suspect that Tom killed himself.
The police suspect that Tom killed his wife for the insurance money.
The police suspect that Tom poisoned Mary's food.
The police suspect that Tom poisoned Mary.
The police suspect that Tom was drugged.
The police suspect that Tom was involved in the murder.
The police suspect that Tom was murdered.
The police suspect that Tom was the one who set the barn on fire.
The police suspect that Tom was trying to poison Mary.
The police suspect that a disgruntled former employee was the one who set the factory on fire.
The police suspect that he robbed the bank.
The police suspect that he was lying.
The police suspect that one was one of the people robbed the bank.
The police suspect that the burglar got in through an unlocked window.
The police suspect the burglar got in through an unlocked window.
The police suspected Tom was a drug dealer.
The police suspected him.
The police suspected that Tom was a drug dealer.
The police suspected that there was a connection between the abandoned car and the dead body found three miles away.
The police suspected the truck's cargo.
The police suspected there was a connection between the abandoned car and the dead body found three miles away.
The police suspended Tom's licence on the spot.
The police tapped his mobile phone.
The police theory is that a most sensational crime has been committed, that the victim was clubbed to death in his own bedroom, his papers rifled, and his dead body dragged across to the wood-stack, which was then ignited so as to hide all traces of the crime.
The police think I killed my wife.
The police think Tom acted alone.
The police think Tom and Mary have been kidnapped.
The police think Tom beat Mary to death.
The police think Tom did it.
The police think Tom fell asleep at the wheel.
The police think Tom has been kidnapped.
The police think Tom has killed several people.
The police think Tom killed himself.
The police think Tom knows who did it.
The police think Tom might've poisoned Mary.
The police think Tom murdered Mary.
The police think Tom murdered his parents.
The police think Tom paid someone to kill Mary.
The police think Tom poisoned Mary.
The police think Tom was stabbed before his throat was slit.
The police think Tom was the arsonist.
The police think Tom was the one who poisoned Mary.
The police think Tom's death was a suicide.
The police think Tom's hammer was the murder weapon.
The police think it was an inside job.
The police think it's a suicide.
The police think she did it.
The police think that I killed my wife.
The police think that Mary poisoned her husband.
The police think that Mary poisoned herself.
The police think that Tom acted alone.
The police think that Tom and Mary poisoned themselves.
The police think that Tom beat Mary to death.
The police think that Tom did it.
The police think that Tom fell asleep at the wheel.
The police think that Tom has killed several people.
The police think that Tom killed himself.
The police think that Tom knows who did it.
The police think that Tom might've poisoned Mary.
The police think that Tom murdered Mary.
The police think that Tom paid someone to kill Mary.
The police think that Tom poisoned Mary.
The police think that Tom poisoned himself.
The police think that Tom probably died on October 20th.
The police think that Tom put rat poison in Mary's food.
The police think that Tom was stabbed before his throat was slit.
The police think that Tom was the arsonist.
The police think that Tom was the one who poisoned Mary.
The police think that Tom's death was a suicide.
The police think that Tom's hammer was the murder weapon.
The police think that someone tampered with the brakes.
The police think that the suicide note wasn't written by Tom.
The police think that you did it.
The police think the burglar entered through a basement window.
The police think the house was torched to collect on the insurance.
The police think the incident was racially motivated.
The police think they caught the guy who did it.
The police think you did it.
The police think you're an accessory.
The police thinks you're complicit.
The police thoroughly searched the house.
The police thought Layla had run away.
The police thought it was an open-and-shut case.
The police thought the victim was Tom, but they were unable to identify the body.
The police thought this was odd.
The police threatened Yanni with jail time.
The police threatened to arrest Tom.
The police threatened to send her to jail.
The police threw Dan in jail.
The police threw many tear-gas grenades at the protesters.
The police threw tear gas bombs.
The police threw tear gas canisters.
The police told Tom to come out of the house with his hands up.
The police told Tom to sit in the back of the patrol car.
The police told me not to leave town.
The police told me to stay away from him.
The police told the demonstrators that they'd be arrested if they didn't move immediately.
The police told us the bridge was out.
The police told us the road was closed.
The police took Dan into custody.
The police took Martino to the station.
The police took Tom into custody.
The police took Tom to jail.
The police took a report.
The police took an hour to show up.
The police took immediate action to deal with the riot.
The police took pictures of the cigarette burns on Tom's body.
The police took pictures of the cigarette burns on Tom’s body.
The police took some pictures of the scene of the accident.
The police took the criminal away to the police station.
The police took the hostages to safety.
The police tortured Tom.
The police towed Tom's car.
The police traced Elias's number.
The police tracked Sami down.
The police tracked Tom down.
The police tracked down Tom to his house.
The police tracked down the other three students.
The police treated Tom like a common criminal.
The police tried hard to unravel the mystery of killing.
The police tried to keep people away from the accident.
The police tried to predict what Sami would do next.
The police tried to separate the two hostile gangs.
The police tried to stop the street demonstration.
The police tried to stop the street protest.
The police tried to suppress the protest.
The police turned away the crowd.
The police uncovered a major drug operation.
The police uncovered more details about Sami's life.
The police undertook exhaustive searches but failed to find the body.
The police unearthed four dead bodies.
The police use drones equipped with cameras and loudspeakers to find illegal gatherings and disperse crowds.
The police used Tom's daughter, Mary, to draw him out of his hiding.
The police used a battering ram to break down the door.
The police used a drone with a loudspeaker to disperse the crowd.
The police used a water cannon.
The police used coercive techniques when questioning suspects.
The police used pepper spray and batons.
The police used tear gas against the protesting students.
The police used tear gas to disperse the crowd.
The police used tear gas to disperse the protesters.
The police used tear gas to subdue the protestors.
The police usually blink at cars parked here.
The police usually close their eyes to cars parked on the street.
The police vehicle's armor plating saved the lives of its occupants.
The police verified the car's license plate.
The police visited Mary yesterday.
The police want Yanni's confession on record.
The police want to ask me questions. What should I do?
The police want to ask you some routine questions.
The police want to interrogate Tom.
The police want to question Tom again.
The police want to question me.
The police want to question you.
The police want to talk to me.
The police want to talk to you.
The police wanted to avoid a bloodbath.
The police wanted to avoid bloodshed.
The police wanted to search Tom's house, but they didn't have a search warrant, so he told them to leave.
The police warned us to keep back.
The police warned us to stay back.
The police was investigating a series of shootings.
The police watch over the city during the night.
The police went over every inch of this place.
The police were able to confirm Sami's alibi.
The police were able to cope with the crowd.
The police were able to determine that an accelerant was used in the fire.
The police were able to find the criminal.
The police were able to link Tom's DNA to the crime scene.
The police were able to track the number.
The police were able to verify Tom's alibi.
The police were accused of having used excessive force when arresting the demonstrators.
The police were approaching Elias's location.
The police were at Tom's door with a search warrant.
The police were at Tom's door within three minutes after the phone call.
The police were at Tom’s door with a search warrant.
The police were at Tom’s door within three minutes after the phone call.
The police were at the scene before Tom arrived.
The police were at the scene before Tom got there.
The police were at the scene before the reporters arrived.
The police were at the scene when Tom arrived.
The police were at the scene when Tom got there.
The police were called.
The police were contacted.
The police were controlling the crowd.
The police were examining their bags.
The police were following Tom.
The police were forced to break into the apartment through the window.
The police were forced to withdraw from the town after the police station and an adjacent watchtower were set ablaze by the rebels.
The police were hard pressed to find witnesses for the crime.
The police were heading for a shake down.
The police were here.
The police were highly suspicious of Yanni's bruises.
The police were hoping that Tom could shed some light on the incident.
The police were indifferent to the matter.
The police were inquiring into the suspect's past.
The police were inquiring into the suspect’s past.
The police were intent on stopping the criminal.
The police were interrogating Tom.
The police were listening to Tom's calls.
The police were looking for Sami in Egypt.
The police were looking for a lead.
The police were on the scene of the accident.
The police were patrolling the street.
The police were questioning Tom in the next room.
The police were ready to arrest Sami.
The police were short on evidence.
The police were sneaking around the back to get the drop on the criminal.
The police were suspicious of his movements.
The police were unable to cope with such violence.
The police were unable to get anything out of the woman.
The police were very cooperative.
The police were watching Yamada's movements.
The police weren't able to determine which one of the twins had committed the crime.
The police weren't any help.
The police will be able to trace the number.
The police will be carrying out an investigation of this crime.
The police will be coming for you soon.
The police will be here any minute.
The police will be here soon.
The police will be interested in the matter.
The police will be very interested to learn that you're keeping Tom locked up in the basement.
The police will continue to search around.
The police will find us if we stay here.
The police will get you to find the bullets.
The police will go into the case.
The police will investigate that case.
The police will just take the money and probably won't even look for the owner.
The police will just take the money and probably won’t even look for the owner.
The police will keep an eye on the man they think is the criminal.
The police will look into it.
The police will look into the case.
The police will look into the cause of the fire.
The police will look into the theft.
The police will never catch us.
The police will never find us here.
The police will never find us.
The police will never find you there.
The police will pursue her for a long time.
The police will put you behind bars for twenty years.
The police will put you behind bars.
The police will put you in prison.
The police will release the victim's name after they have notified his next of kin.
The police will reveal the truth of the case.
The police will soon arrive at the scene of the crime.
The police will soon arrive on the scene.
The police will soon be here to arrest you.
The police will suspect him of the murder.
The police will suspect that he is the murderer.
The police won't find you there.
The police won't hurt you. They are on your side.
The police work nonstop: twenty-four hours a day and seven days a week.
The police wouldn't do anything.
The police zeroed in on Sami and charged him with murder.
The police's job is to prevent and investigate crime.
The policeman aimed his gun at Tom and yelled, "Hold it right there!"
The policeman aimed his gun at the man.
The policeman apprehended the murderer and handcuffed him.
The policeman arrested him for drunken driving.
The policeman arrested him for speeding.
The policeman arrested the burglar.
The policeman arrested the man on the spot.
The policeman arrested the thief.
The policeman arrived on the scene.
The policeman asked Tom to prove his identity.
The policeman asked if Maria had greeted me with a wave, a hug or a kiss.
The policeman asked me why I was parked on the shoulder.
The policeman asked people to back off.
The policeman asked the girls if that car was theirs.
The policeman asked the two young women whether it was their car.
The policeman barked orders.
The policeman beckoned to me with his forefinger.
The policeman blamed me for ignoring traffic rules.
The policeman blamed the accident on the driver.
The policeman blamed the taxi driver for the accident.
The policeman blew his whistle and gave a sign for the car to stop.
The policeman blew his whistle for the car to stop.
The policeman called attention to the problem of pickpockets.
The policeman called for backup.
The policeman called our attention to the danger of pickpockets.
The policeman captured the man who was running.
The policeman captured the running man.
The policeman carries a gas mask.
The policeman carries a whistle.
The policeman caught fleeing thief by the arm.
The policeman caught him by the arm.
The policeman caught me by the wrist.
The policeman caught the burglar red-handed.
The policeman caught the fleeing thief by the arm.
The policeman caught the man by the arm.
The policeman caught the thief.
The policeman chased the burglar.
The policeman chased the robber.
The policeman chased the thief.
The policeman commanded them to stop.
The policeman confiscated Dan's driver's license.
The policeman continued doing his rounds.
The policeman cuffed Tom's hands behind his back.
The policeman cut me short in my talk.
The policeman dealt with the accident.
The policeman demanded their names and addresses.
The policeman did not believe my story, and I thought it was no good arguing with him.
The policeman didn't believe the thief.
The policeman didn't tow your car away.
The policeman didn’t believe the thief.
The policeman discovered counterevidence.
The policeman drew the revolver.
The policeman drove the crowd away.
The policeman escorted Tom out of the room.
The policeman examined my license.
The policeman fined him.
The policeman fired two shots into the bushes.
The policeman followed him.
The policeman fought the worker.
The policeman gave Tom a ticket for reckless driving.
The policeman gave me a sign stop.
The policeman got the suspect.
The policeman grabbed the boy's arm.
The policeman grabbed the robber's arm.
The policeman had to call for backup.
The policeman handcuffed Tom's hands behind his back.
The policeman has done very well.
The policeman is driving the car.
The policeman is going after the man.
The policeman is in the car.
The policeman is now on duty.
The policeman is on duty.
The policeman is running to catch the thief.
The policeman is wearing a gas mask.
The policeman let Tom go with a warning.
The policeman let him off with a warning.
The policeman let him park there.
The policeman lifted the box carefully.
The policeman looked at Tom suspiciously.
The policeman looked at my license.
The policeman looked over my license.
The policeman looked through my wallet.
The policeman must say, "It is the law."
The policeman must say, "It's the law."
The policeman must say, "It’s the law."
The policeman noticed a man sneak in.
The policeman observed the man open the door.
The policeman paid no attention to him.
The policeman permitted him to park there.
The policeman pointed his gun at the criminal, who at the same time pointed him toward the policeman. Neither of the two had a hand over the other, it was a desperate situation.
The policeman promised to investigate the matter.
The policeman protected the witness.
The policeman pulled Layla over.
The policeman pulled Tom over.
The policeman pulled out his baton.
The policeman put handcuffs on Tom.
The policeman put him in a chokehold.
The policeman put the cuffs on Tom.
The policeman ran after the thief shouting "Stop!".
The policeman ran after the thief, shouting "Stop!"
The policeman read Tom his rights.
The policeman refused to allow Mary into the court room.
The policeman runs quickly.
The policeman said that it looked like a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head.
The policeman said to the girls, "Is this car yours?"
The policeman said to them, "Stop."
The policeman saved the child from drowning.
The policeman saw the man opening the door.
The policeman saw who killed her.
The policeman scrutinised him well from head to toe.
The policeman seized him by the arm.
The policeman seized the boy by the arm.
The policeman separated the two men who were fighting.
The policeman shone his flashlight into the house.
The policeman shot into the air.
The policeman showed Tom his badge.
The policeman signaled him to stop.
The policeman signaled me to stop.
The policeman signaled the car to stop with a flashlight.
The policeman signed to me to stop.
The policeman spat over his left shoulder.
The policeman spoke to a man on the street.
The policeman sprang at the burglar.
The policeman stood like a statue with his arms folded across his chest.
The policeman suspected the man was guilty.
The policeman talked to the children in as friendly a manner as he could.
The policeman thrust me aside.
The policeman told me that the last bus leaves at ten.
The policeman told me to repark my car, and I did.
The policeman told us not to cross the street against the red light.
The policeman took down the witnesses' names.
The policeman took the knife from the boy.
The policeman took the thief by the arm.
The policeman tore the signboard from the house.
The policeman unlocked Tom's handcuffs.
The policeman visited all the houses.
The policeman wants you to move.
The policeman was after the thief.
The policeman was checking the cars one-by-one.
The policeman was confronted by the angry mob.
The policeman was doing his nightly rounds in the area.
The policeman was drunk.
The policeman was off duty when he was shot to death.
The policeman was off duty.
The policeman was on duty on that day.
The policeman was on his usual nightly round.
The policeman was rather abrupt with me.
The policeman was shot in the leg by a delinquent.
The policeman went into the woods, weapon drawn.
The policeman went over the room in search for evidence.
The policeman whistled for the car to stop.
The policeman whistled the car to stop.
The policeman who is easily frightened is funny; the policeman who is indifferent to the misfortunes of others is terrible.
The policeman wouldn't let go of the suspect.
The policeman wouldn’t let go of the suspect.
The policeman wrested a gun from the murderer.
The policeman wrestled the thief to the ground and put handcuffs on him.
The policeman wrote it down in his notebook.
The policeman's quick arrival surprised us.
The policeman's shield was lying on the table.
The policeman’s quick arrival surprised us.
The policemen approached.
The policemen are driving the demonstrators away.
The policemen arrested the burglar.
The policemen beat the bushes all day to find a lost child.
The policemen carried away the body.
The policemen caught up with Dan and managed to subdue him.
The policemen demanded higher wages.
The policemen fired at the car's tires.
The policemen fired into the crowd.
The policemen fired shots into the air.
The policemen gave chase to Dan.
The policemen had already left.
The policemen have stopped me many times.
The policemen put James in a patrol car.
The policemen said to them, "Stop."
The policemen searched one house after another in looking for the thief.
The policemen shot at the car's tires.
The policemen shouted at Tom to drop his gun.
The policemen spotted the mugger at a train station.
The policemen subdued Tom and handcuffed him.
The policemen took Tom away.
The policemen tried to pry the basement door open.
The policemen were very brave in the face of great danger.
The policemen wore gas masks and helmets.
The policewoman directed traffic.
The policewoman looked at me with astonishment.
The policewoman walked from meter to meter.
The policies are quite clear.
The policies of Algeria have changed.
The policies of the government have hamstrung the country.
The policies that are adopted are generally those desired by elites and not by citizens.
The policy fluctuated between two opinions.
The policy is bound to drive the economy into further recession.
The policy is pretty clear.
The policy number of my insurance is PC-two-three-five-seven.
The policy of the government was criticized by the opposition party.
The policy was quickly changed.
The policy will only accelerate inflation.
The policymaker made sure to carefully consider the pros and cons in his work.
The polio vaccine was first produced by an American scientist.
The poliovirus has been eliminated in the wild.
The polishing compound abrades away tiny imperfections in the surface of the metal, leaving it with a mirror finish.
The political campaign has turned into a dirty fight at last.
The political center of the Serbs had moved to Zeta (Montenegro) and the mystic Prince Jovan Vladimir in the latter part of the tenth century, sometimes called King of Zeta, tried in vain to stop the triumphal march of Tsar Samuel of Bulgaria through the Serb provinces.
The political centre has increasingly lost direction.
The political circumstances in the country got worse and worse.
The political climate has changed in Algeria.
The political crisis in Algeria shouldn't continue.
The political crisis is aggravating the socio-economic crisis in Algeria.
The political crisis is on the front page of every Algerian newspaper.
The political crisis of 2019 was threatening Algeria's stability with absolute collapse.
The political dissident has spent nearly a decade under house arrest.
The political elite assist the banking elite.
The political landscape in Algeria is changing.
The political landscape of the region turned into a Mexican standoff.
The political leaders of Europe come together to try to save the euro, and with it the very project of European Union.
The political offender rebelled against the police authority.
The political party began life in the late 1980s—in the final gasp of communism—as a small libertarian student movement.
The political party crossed the margin of five percent in the first polls.
The political scandal blew over in no time and everything was back to business as usual.
The political scandal took up the whole first page of the newspaper.
The political scandal was brought to light by two journalists.
The political situation has changed.
The political situation was, to say the least, extremely unstable during the next ten years of his reign.
The political systems of Britain and Japan have a great deal in common.
The politician announced his resignation.
The politician apologized for his recent Facebook posts about gays and black people.
The politician attempted a difficult task.
The politician claimed that he wore neither a wig nor false teeth.
The politician claimed to oppose the conclusion.
The politician climbed down a rainwater downpipe from police officers.
The politician did not bother to apologize for betraying our trust.
The politician did not keep his promise.
The politician didn't appear in public after the incident.
The politician didn’t appear in public after the incident.
The politician earnestly argued for the return of state-sanctioned buccaneering.
The politician first made a name for himself as an actor.
The politician had 26 percent of the vote.
The politician had sticky fingers, and 5% of every contract ended in his pocket.
The politician had to take back his words and eat crow.
The politician is answering the journalists' questions.
The politician is as slippery as an eel!
The politician is corrupt.
The politician lost his position in the end.
The politician proposed reforms to Congress.
The politician pushed for reform by denouncing the corruption of the government officials.
The politician receives on Wednesdays.
The politician said he was deeply indebted to everyone for their support in the election.
The politician said that he had paid all his taxes and done nothing illegal.
The politician shook hands with everyone present.
The politician spoke with an important air.
The politician stirred up the workers.
The politician supports nationalizing Amazon.
The politician tried to cover up the insider trading.
The politician tried to draw a veil over his shady dealings with the dictator.
The politician tried to solve a difficult problem.
The politician tried to whitewash the poor job he did dealing with the coronavirus.
The politician tried to woo corporate interests, but as he was still an insignificant figure on the political scene, they weren't interested.
The politician was accused of nepotism when he employed his wife in his electoral office, without advertising the position.
The politician was caught on camera kissing a woman who is not his wife.
The politician was not ashamed of having taken bribes.
The politician was removed from office.
The politician was thought to be telling the truth.
The politician's speech turned into a diatribe against his opponents, filled with harsh criticisms and accusations.
The politician's speech was offensive.
The politicians hold parties for astronomical sums.
The politicians in my country are very corrupt.
The politicians sacrifice human lives for the benefit of the economy.
The politicians take advantage of the situation.
The politicians try to pass the buck.
The politicians who made these cuts in social welfare must be hard-hearted grinches.
The politician’s speech was offensive.
The polka is from Poland, as is the polonaise.
The poll shows 52% support with a margin of error of ±3%.
The poll was taken yesterday.
The polling place is near your home.
The polling place is near your residence.
The polling station is near where you live.
The polling station is near your home.
The pollster had nothing to eat.
The pollution here is suffocating.
The pollution in the river was beyond repair.
The pollution levels had reached a critical point.
The pollution of our coasts is very serious.
The pollution reached dangerous levels in the city.
The pollution was causing health issues for many.
The pollution was choking the rivers and lakes.
The pollution was damaging the fragile ecosystem.
The pollution worsens with each year.
The poltergeist was throwing objects around the room.
The polyglot ghetto folks do not understand their own religion.
The polyglot poet sometimes feels like translating all the poems he has written.
The pomegranate is also a symbol of health, fertility, and long life.
The pomegranate is one of the oldest known fruits.
The pomegranate originated in the region of modern-day Iran, and is now widely cultivated across the globe.
The pomegranates are ripe, go pick them.
The pommel horse requires more balance than strength.
The pommel screws onto the end of the tang to hold the handle and sword together.
The pompous comportment of this arrogant young wind bag will put off potential voters.
The pompous professor was full of his own self-importance.
The pond abounds with carp.
The pond dried up in hot weather.
The pond dried up last summer.
The pond dries up in hot weather.
The pond dries up when the weather is hot.
The pond froze over.
The pond has dried up.
The pond has frozen over.
The pond has frozen, so we can now go ice skating.
The pond is 100 meters in diameter.
The pond is 3 meters deep.
The pond is frozen.
The pond is full of tadpoles.
The pond is so shallow that I can't swim.
The pond is surrounded by trees.
The pond is three meters deep.
The pond is three metres deep.
The pond is too shallow for swimming.
The pond is very beautiful under the full moon.
The pond is very deep.
The pond was alive with tiny fishes.
The pond was alive with various tiny fishes.
The pond was at the base of the mountain.
The pond was completely frozen in the morning.
The pond was covered in green slime.
The pond was dotted with fallen leaves.
The pond was encircled with trees.
The pond was forty feet across.
The pond was frozen hard.
The pond was frozen.
The pond’s turbid water hid the lurking fish.
The pontiff also announced a 100-thousand-dollar donation to the clinic, which was founded by a German-born Franciscan friar and has facilities in Russia, Mozambique, Mexico and other nations.
The pontiff utilized 21st-century technology and delivered the prayer via livestream by Vatican News and on screens in Saint Peter's Square.
The pontoon raft has a 4-meter-tall silver metal column in the center, with a white box on top that points toward the sky above the scenic Patuxent River in Maryland.
The pontoons are detachable.
The pony has a six-pointed star on its flank.
The pool depth is just one-and-a-half metres.
The pool got filled with water again.
The pool had stairs on one side.
The pool has a retractable cover.
The pool has been drained.
The pool has no bottom.
The pool is 6 feet deep.
The pool is closed because they are changing the broken tiles.
The pool is empty.
The pool is filthy, and it reflects poorly on both of us!
The pool is filthy, and it reflects poorly on both of us.
The pool is full of clean water.
The pool is full.
The pool is heated.
The pool is on the same level as the terrace.
The pool is split into three parts: a deep part to swim in, a shallower one for kids, and a third one for hydromassages.
The pool is too deep.
The pool is very deep.
The pool is visible from the garden.
The pool isn't open yet.
The pool pump isn't even working properly. When will you fix it?
The pool table is Mennad's.
The pool tile was disgusting looking, being full of gunk.
The pool took up a lot of space.
The pool was empty.
The pool was filled with water.
The pool was full.
The pool was much fuller the last time I was here.
The pool was packed.
The pool was so deep I couldn't touch the bottom.
The pool water is cold.
The pool water's nice and cool.
The pool will be open until 2:30 p.m.
The pool will be open until 2:30.
The pool will open soon.
The pools have been drained.
The pools have remained empty.
The pools were drained.
The poop is made of paper.
The poor Irishman was now left all alone, and did not know where the others had gone to, so he just stayed where he was, very sad and miserable.
The poor acoustics in the hall severely affected the audience's enjoyment of the concert.
The poor are also people with feelings.
The poor are getting poorer.
The poor are not always unhappy.
The poor are not those who have little but rather those who need much.
The poor are often disempowered by the language practices of those in power.
The poor bird didn't stop flapping nervously.
The poor boy had fallen asleep on the bed.
The poor boy sat there with his sister on his lap, and sung to her all the songs he knew, and now and then he looked into his geography lesson that lay open before him.
The poor boy was at a loss what to do.
The poor boy was hit by a car.
The poor boy was horrified.
The poor boy was knocked down by a car.
The poor boys were shivering with fear.
The poor cat was all soggy.
The poor cat was on the verge of starvation.
The poor cat was run over by a truck.
The poor child suffers from hay fever.
The poor child was born deaf and dumb.
The poor child was on the verge of starvation.
The poor dog was literally torn apart by the lion.
The poor don't get rich when the rich get poorer.
The poor don't get richer when the rich get poorer.
The poor duckling did not know where to go, and was quite miserable because he was so ugly and laughed at by the whole farmyard.
The poor duckling was driven about by every one; even his brothers and sisters were unkind to him, and would say, "Ah, you ugly creature, I wish the cat would get you," and his mother said she wished he had never been born.
The poor educational policy is a detriment to Japan.
The poor father forced himself to ask the sexton whether she had been to mass.
The poor fellow settled for what the state granted him.
The poor fox had mange. You could tell by the fact that he had no hair at all on his normally bushy tail and looked awful in general. We therefore put out feed with a vaccine to help him get well again.
The poor get poorer, and the rich get richer.
The poor girl bore all patiently, and dared not complain to her father, who would have scolded her if she had done so, for his wife governed him entirely.
The poor girl broke down upon hearing the news.
The poor girl got lost in a dark forest.
The poor girl had to sleep in the garret, upon a wretched straw bed, while her sisters lay in fine rooms with inlaid floors, upon beds of the very newest fashion, and where they had looking-glasses so large that they might see themselves at their full length.
The poor girl looked up at the sky.
The poor girl lost her way in the dark woods.
The poor girl made a living by selling flowers.
The poor girl regularly had bouts of fever, and her headaches became unbearable.
The poor girl shed tears.
The poor girl was barely eighteen.
The poor girl was dying.
The poor girl was near death.
The poor girl was on the point of death.
The poor girl went blind.
The poor girl went out of her mind.
The poor guy woke up completely insane. He couldn't even remember his own name.
The poor have no relatives.
The poor have sometimes objected to being governed badly; the rich have always objected to being governed at all.
The poor kid felt the blow he was given.
The poor lack many things, but the greedy lack everything.
The poor leopard had no chance of putting up a fight.
The poor lighting in the room made it difficult to read.
The poor little girl did nothing but sob all day.
The poor little girl did nothing but weep.
The poor loved her.
The poor man accepted what the state gave him.
The poor man didn't live long enough to see his son's happiness.
The poor man eats when he can, but the rich man eats when he wants.
The poor man fell through the open skylight.
The poor man finally became a great artist.
The poor man has no relatives.
The poor man is independent of other people, and only has to answer to his needs. The rich man is independent of his needs, but has to answer to other people.
The poor man looked disheveled and beaten down.
The poor man really has a stake in the country. The rich man hasn’t; he can go away to New Guinea in a yacht.
The poor man was in need.
The poor man was looking for a handout.
The poor man was never to see his wife again.
The poor man was stretched out on the ground, unconscious.
The poor man's door has a creditor's latch.
The poor man, knowing very well that he must not play tricks with Ogresses, took his great knife and went up into little Dawn's chamber. She was then nearly four years old, and came up to him, jumping and laughing, to put her arms round his neck, and ask him for some sugar-candy. Upon which he began to weep, the great knife fell out of his hand, and he went into the back yard and killed a little lamb, and dressed it with such good sauce that his mistress assured him she had never eaten anything so good in her life.
The poor mother could not endure the unfilial behaviour of her son.
The poor old man became so thin that now he's just skin and bones.
The poor old man became so thin that now he’s just skin and bones.
The poor old man is shivering with cold.
The poor old man was reduced to just a skeleton.
The poor old woman had her bag stolen again.
The poor old woman was robbed of her money.
The poor peasants ate potatoes.
The poor people loved her.
The poor people were at the mercy of the cruel dictator.
The poor rabbit, terrified, whimpered in the hands of its owner.
The poor sailors suffered from scurvy.
The poor sales during that Holiday season served as the final nail in the coffin for Boar Corporation.
The poor sod was shot dead a day before the end of the war.
The poor state of the house sent Ziri over the edge.
The poor support the rich.
The poor talker sometimes surprises us by being a good writer.
The poor thing lost all her friends.
The poor widow with her two young children - herself an orphan - struggled bravely for a while against the fearful tide of adversity.
The poor woman does not have money for food.
The poor woman was struck with a nervous tremor.
The poor wretch is in a bad state, I suppose, and I will give him something to help him on his road.
The poor wretch is making an effort to speak his mind.
The poor young man finally became a great artist.
The poor, she got sick.
The poorest have no access to education, which hinders the country's development.
The poorest man may in his cottage bid defiance to all the forces of the Crown. It may be frail â€” its roof may shake â€” the wind may blow through it â€” the storm may enter â€” the rain may enter â€” but the King of England cannot enter â€” all his force dares not cross the threshold of the ruined tenement!
The poorest man may in his cottage bid defiance to all the forces of the Crown. It may be frail — its roof may shake — the wind may blow through it — the storm may enter — the rain may enter — but the King of England cannot enter — all his force dares not cross the threshold of the ruined tenement!
The pop froze a little, so now it's like drinking a slushie.
The pop idol was really quite learned and remained a virgin until death.
The pop sensation has many admirers.
The popcorn at this cinema doesn't really taste of caramel at all.
The popcorn is burning.
The pope also cited a "love for nature" as a typical aspect of Asian cultures and expressed a need to protect the planet.
The pope appeared in his red robe.
The pope has said it has long been a dream of his to visit Japan, and that he had longed to be sent there as a missionary more than 50 years ago.
The pope is meeting victims of pedophile priests in London.
The pope is the leader of a country and a religion.
The pope read the sermon in Latin.
The pope reads his Christmas message.
The pope said he hoped “this aspect of social life can also be reborn, that we return to singing, playing and enjoying music and singing together."
The pope said that music, whether through voice, instruments or written compositions, expresses the “harmony of the voice of God,” and the “symphony” of this universal brotherhood.
The pope said that “our capacity for social relationships is sorely tried; there is a growing tendency to withdraw, to do it all by ourselves, to stop making an effort to encounter others and do things together.”
The pope spoke about the apostles and the suffering of Jesus Christ, then mentioned his own ailments and suggested that his life was in God's hands.
The pope urged access to care and to vaccines for everyone, especially in low-income countries.
The pope was wearing gold and white vestments, and clutching a crucifix. He faced a multi-colored sea of young people.
The poplar is a fast-growing tree.
The poplars stood in two endless rows with their leafless branches pointing stiffly heavenwards.
The poppy is red.
The poppy-covered field has become the summer's poetical landscape.
The populace have never forgotten the president's generosity.
The populace was in thrall to the dictator's whims.
The populace was in thrall to the dictator’s whims.
The populace, once uprisen, will not be put down.
The popular conception of evolutionary psychology is even less scientific than the discipline itself.
The popular singer committed suicide.
The popularity of Chinese-owned video-sharing service TikTok continues to grow among young people in the United States.
The popularity of a web site depends on its content.
The popularity of the Internet has led to full-time shills being paid by governments and corporations to pretend they are concerned citizens on social media.
The popularity of the chupacabras has resulted in it being featured in several types of media.
The popularity of the telephone has led to fewer people writing letters these days.
The popularity of websites depends on their content.
The popularity turned her head.
The population density of the coastal shoreline counties is over six times greater than that of the corresponding inland counties.
The population explosion is a serious problem.
The population has doubled in the last five years.
The population in this area is growing at a fast pace.
The population is dying off.
The population is exhausted.
The population is growing at a drastically low rate.
The population is growing.
The population is increasing and the economy is growing.
The population is increasing by leaps and bounds.
The population is increasing.
The population is mainly made up of immigrants from China.
The population is renowned for its remarkable growth during the 20th century, following virtual annihilation by sealers in the 19th century.
The population just keeps growing and growing.
The population of Afghanistan is ethnically diverse, with major groups including Pashtuns, Tajiks, Hazaras, and Uzbeks.
The population of Algeria is about forty million people.
The population of Algeria is growing.
The population of Australia is much smaller than that of Japan.
The population of Canada is about 26 million.
The population of China and India surpasses that of any other country.
The population of China has already exceeded 1.3 billion.
The population of China is 8 times that of Japan.
The population of China is about eight times as large as that of Japan.
The population of China is larger than that of India.
The population of China is larger than that of Japan.
The population of Germany is less than half that of the United States.
The population of Hong Kong is in excess of seven million.
The population of India is over 127 crores.
The population of Italy is about half as large as that of Japan.
The population of Japan is about 120 million.
The population of Japan is larger than that of Britain.
The population of Japan is larger than that of Canada.
The population of Japan is larger than that of New Zealand.
The population of Japan is less than America.
The population of Japan is much larger than that of Australia.
The population of Japan is one-eighth as that of China.
The population of Japan is shrinking.
The population of Japanese people is at least 300,000 fewer than last year.
The population of Kabylie is almost exclusively Berberophone.
The population of Kabylie is one of the best educated in all of Algeria.
The population of London is much greater than that of any other British city.
The population of Nakhchivan has increased.
The population of New York is smaller than that of Tokyo.
The population of Niue is only about 1,400.
The population of North Africa is predominantly Berber.
The population of Osaka City is larger than that of Kyoto City.
The population of Osaka is larger than of Kobe.
The population of Osaka is larger than that of Kyoto.
The population of Russia, as well as its progress in civilization, has considerably increased within these last hundred years.
The population of Shanghai is as large as that of Tokyo.
The population of Spain is about one-third as large as that of Japan.
The population of Sweden is on the increase.
The population of Tokyo is about five times as large as that of our city.
The population of Tokyo is four times as large as that of Yokohama.
The population of Tokyo is greater than that of London.
The population of Tokyo is larger than that of London.
The population of Tokyo is larger than that of New York.
The population of Tokyo is larger than that of Osaka.
The population of Tokyo is larger than the population of London.
The population of Uganda is increasing rapidly.
The population of Wellington is only about a fortieth of that of Tokyo.
The population of Wellington is only about one fortieth that of Tokyo.
The population of Yokohama is larger than that of Osaka.
The population of bees is decreasing.
The population of my city is about two-thirds as large as that of this city.
The population of our city is growing rapidly.
The population of that country is about three-fourths of that of Japan.
The population of the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic (NAR) has increased.
The population of the Philippines is still growing.
The population of the city dropped by a third.
The population of the city is about 100,000.
The population of the country dropped by a third.
The population of the country is roughly estimated at 50,000,000.
The population of the region dropped by a third.
The population of the region dropped precipitously over the last decades, which prompted action by the local authorities to promote higher birth rates and attract immigration.
The population of the town decreases year by year.
The population of the town dropped by a third.
The population of the town was wiped out.
The population of the village dropped by a third.
The population of the world increases at a rate of two percent a year.
The population of the world is increasing so rapidly that it will be doubled within forty years.
The population of the world is increasing very fast.
The population of the world now is about 3 billion.
The population of the world will double before long.
The population of this city has decreased.
The population of this city is decreasing every year.
The population of this city is on the increase.
The population of this country is diminishing.
The population of this country is gradually decreasing.
The population of this country is gradually diminishing.
The population of this country is smaller than that of the United States.
The population of this town has been static for the last ten years.
The population of this village had decreased.
The population of your city is about five times as large as that of my town.
The population rejected the municipal councilors' proposal.
The population remains stationary.
The population was 18,432.
The population was crushed by the taxes.
The populations most at risk of contracting the virus are the elderly, the very young and those with compromised immune systems.
The populations of China and India dwarf those of every other nation.
The populists have won.
The populists won.
The porch light is on.
The porcupine rolled itself into a ball, radiating long, sharp needles in all directions that defied attack.
The porcupine was walking towards the tent.
The pork is diced and fried.
The pork tenderloin at Benedito's restaurant is succulent and juicy.
The porno was still running on the TV.
The porridge is too hot.
The porridge is too sweet.
The porridge was burnt.
The port city of 20,000 has a reputation as one of Australia's premier papermaking centers.
The port city of Hamburg is the largest urban development project in Europe.
The port is connected to the rail network.
The port is filled with vessels of all kinds.
The port is free of ice.
The port of El Hamdania will be Algeria's largest.
The port was engulfed by ten-meter-high waves.
The portal began to open.
The portal can only be opened from the outside.
The portal is large.
The porter is taking care of your luggage.
The porter will take care of your luggage.
The portion for those who are away, we've reserved it.
The portions are enormous.
The portions are ginormous.
The portions are huge at this restaurant.
The portions are huge.
The portions at Benedito's restaurant are generous.
The portions at that restaurant are generous.
The portions at this restaurant are generous.
The portrait had a dark background.
The portrait looks exactly like the real thing.
The portrait of her was true to life.
The portrait shows the profile of a beautiful woman.
The portrait was taken from the wall.
The position carries with it an attractive salary.
The position has been filled.
The position held by the enemy is so important they will fight to the bitter end to hold it.
The position is conditional on how well you are able to perform.
The position of being holier than thou is really easy to take when you are a spectator.
The position of prime minister isn't inherited.
The position of the direct object in a sentence varies with different languages.
The position of women, over the years, has definitely changed for the better.
The position requires applicants to be skilled in spoken English.
The position was just a short walk away.
The position was recaptured by the enemy's forces.
The positions of eminence and authority in Congress are allotted in accordance with length of service, regardless of quality. Superficial observers have long criticized the United States for making a fetish of youth. This is unfair. Uniquely among modern organs of public and private administration, its national legislature rewards senility.
The positive electrode is called the cathode.
The positive feedback for our proposal went above and beyond our highest expectations.
The positive integer 126 has the prime factors 2, 3, 3 and 7.
The positive outcomes that my being fully present in the uncomfortable situation brought me reinforced my willingness to explore despite fear.
The positive powers of the number ten are tens, multiples of ten.
The positive results we've achieved so far validate our efforts and direction.
The posse tracked the outlaw for days.
The possession of intellect is what distinguishes us from wild animals.
The possession of such skills can clearly take you very far.
The possession of wisdom leads to true happiness.
The possessive case of a singular or plural noun not ending in ess is formed by adding an apostrophe and ess.
The possibilities are endless.
The possibilities are exciting.
The possibilities are immense.
The possibilities are infinite.
The possibilities are random, so, it would be better to not rely on it.
The possibilities were endless.
The possibility Tom might be doing that worried Mary.
The possibility Tom might do that worried Mary.
The possibility Tom might get injured worried Mary.
The possibility Tom might get lost worried Mary.
The possibility is exciting.
The possibility of a lack of connection between the events can be dismissed immediately.
The possibility of an accident cannot be ruled out.
The possibility of losing you is too painful.
The possibility of traveling to a foreign country left William giddy with excitement.
The possibility that Tom might be doing that worried Mary.
The possibility that Tom might do that worried Mary.
The possibility that Tom might get injured worried Mary.
The possibility that Tom might get lost worried Mary.
The possibility that someday extraterrestrials would give us humans technology beyond ours would vastly accelerate progress, as if we were the Native Indians and they were the Conquistadors.
The possibility that the explosion was caused by carelessness can't be ruled out.
The possibility that the explosion was caused by carelessness cannot be ruled out.
The possibility that the two events are unconnected is not worth considering.
The possibility the explosion was caused by carelessness can't be ruled out.
The post arrives before midday.
The post comes before midday.
The post didn't come today.
The post has arrived.
The post has become more expensive, but no faster.
The post has come.
The post has got dearer, but not any quicker.
The post has got more expensive, but not any faster.
The post has to be collected.
The post is delivered in the morning.
The post is delivered once a day.
The post office has already closed.
The post office hasn't opened yet.
The post office is a few minutes' walk from here.
The post office is a few minutes’ walk from here.
The post office is a good five kilometers away from here.
The post office is a little over three kilometers from here.
The post office is about five minutes from here.
The post office is about three kilometers from here.
The post office is about three miles from here.
The post office is about three miles past the high school.
The post office is across the street from the bank.
The post office is adjacent to the library.
The post office is between the bank and the supermarket.
The post office is between the school and the bank.
The post office is closed on Christmas day and mail will not be delivered.
The post office is closed on Sundays.
The post office is closed today.
The post office is closed.
The post office is down the street.
The post office is down the street. You can't miss it.
The post office is down the street. You cannot miss it.
The post office is half a mile away.
The post office is in the next building.
The post office is in the town centre.
The post office is just across from that store over there.
The post office is just across from the bank.
The post office is just across from the store.
The post office is just around the corner.
The post office is just next door.
The post office is just next to the bank.
The post office is just off the main street.
The post office is just past the bank.
The post office is just past the park.
The post office is located in the center of the town.
The post office is located near the station.
The post office is near the bookstore.
The post office is nearby.
The post office is next door to here.
The post office is next to the bank.
The post office is not far from your college.
The post office is not more than five minutes away.
The post office is not too far from here.
The post office is on my way home.
The post office is on the other side of the river.
The post office is on the other side of the street.
The post office is opposite the bank.
The post office is right next door.
The post office is that brown building.
The post office is the brown building.
The post office is three kilometers from here.
The post office is three miles from here.
The post office is to the right.
The post office is two kilometers from here.
The post office is two miles from here.
The post office is within walking distance.
The post office isn't far from here.
The post office isn't open yet.
The post office isn't too far from here.
The post office isn't very far from here.
The post office was already closed.
The post that fell in the road disturbed the city traffic.
The post usually arrives at breakfast time.
The post was filled with targeted disinformation.
The post will fall vacant.
The post won't fit through the letter box.
The post-canonical apocalypses of Judaism fall within the period beginning with the attempt of Antiochus IV to make the Jews Greeks, and the successful resistance of the Maccabees and their establishment of an independent Jewish kingdom, and ending with the Jewish-Roman wars, the destruction of Jerusalem and the suppression by Hadrian of the final Messianic, political uprising under Bar Cochba; that is, from 108 B. C. to 135 A. D.
The post-communist government claims to be right-wing.
The post-election violence has claimed five victims.
The post-revolutionary terror scared him away.
The post-war economic development of vanquished nations can be rapid if they are not looted by the victors. For this there are two reasons. First, everything has not been destroyed: some things are merely broken; and a relatively small effort of rehabilitation is multiplied by the value of what remains serviceable. Second is the disabling of entrenched power structures, which often stand as a bar to progress.
The postal service in this country isn't fast.
The postcard fell out Ziri's textbook.
The postcard was finally delivered after 37 years.
The postcard you sent is very beautiful.
The postcards come in one of six different designs with messages such as “Sending hugs” and “Wishing I were there.”
The poster campaign didn't reach its target audience.
The poster peeled off.
The poster was immediately removed from the wall.
The posters were immediately removed from the wall.
The postie brought a parcel this morning.
The postie comes later and later.
The postie delivers letters and parcels.
The postie hasn’t already been, has he?
The postie is emptying the postbox.
The postie is ringing the doorbell.
The postie was cheerful this morning.
The postie was here a minute ago. Go and see if anything's come through the letter box.
The postie will be here in a minute.
The postie will be here soon.
The postie's coming soon.
The postie's just been. Go and see if there's anything in the letter box.
The postman brings the post indoors.
The postman brought a parcel this morning.
The postman comes every three days.
The postman comes later and later.
The postman delivers letters every morning.
The postman empties the postbox.
The postman handed me a parcel that wasn't addressed to me.
The postman has just delivered a parcel.
The postman hasn’t already been, has he?
The postman is bound to come soon.
The postman is cute.
The postman is emptying the postbox.
The postman misread the postcode.
The postman should come soon.
The postman was bitten by that dog.
The postman was in a good mood this morning.
The postman was in good spirits this morning.
The postman will be here soon.
The postmark indicates that this letter was mailed a week ago.
The postmaster, who was also the village grocer, had a clear recollection of the telegram.
The postmen sort the mail each morning.
The postmortem showed that she had been strangled.
The posts are spaced three meters apart.
The postscript for good intentions is: next time.
The postwar has experienced several long periods of continuous strong prosperity, among which are the Jinmu Boom and the Iwato boom.
The postwoman is bound to come soon.
The postwoman should come soon.
The pot amounts to forty million dinars.
The pot boiled, but the contents failed to jell.
The pot calling the kettle black.
The pot calls the kettle black!
The pot calls the kettle black.
The pot can't call the kettle black.
The pot can’t call the kettle black.
The pot has a bit of residue stuck to the bottom.
The pot is boiling over.
The pot is filled with water.
The pot is on the stove.
The pot was boiling.
The pot was filled with water.
The pot was mine.
The pot's calling the kettle black.
The potato belongs to someone else.
The potato blight ruined the crop across Ireland.
The potato chip was salty and crunchy.
The potato is a nightshade.
The potato is native to the highlands of Central and South America.
The potato ricer, similar to the garlic press, is essential to making lefse.
The potato salad has gone bad.
The potato salad wants boiled eggs.
The potato was an important food source for the Spanish army.
The potato was packaged in red nets.
The potato was so hot that it burned my mouth.
The potatoes are bland.
The potatoes are boiling.
The potatoes are overcooked.
The potatoes have almost finished boiling.
The potatoes started to sprout.
The potatoes stayed hot.
The potatoes were burnt.
The potatoes were stored in a burlap sack.
The potential and the uncertainty of where this is going to go is the thing that is instilling concern in individuals and health officials, but it is also the reason why we have to be taking this very, very seriously.
The potential is high.
The potential is obvious.
The potential is there.
The potential market is huge.
The potential of graphene is practically unlimited. It can be used in cancer therapy, in flexible touchscreens, or for batteries that will charge in seconds.
The potential vaccine showed better than 90% efficacy in Phase 3 tests.
The pothole was not so much a shallow depression in the road as a gaping chasm that could swallow a car whole and still have room for afters.
The potion I drank made me vomit.
The potted plant needed water.
The potter's lost his cunning.
The pottery was baked by fire.
The pottery will be decorated with Berber symbols and sold to tourists.
The pottery will be refined and decorated.
The potter’s lost his cunning.
The pound fell against the dollar.
The pound is down by 15%.
The pounding stopped.
The poverty is state-mandated eugenics.
The poverty line has dropped during the Bouteflika years.
The poverty rate of Algeria has been reduced significantly.
The powder is light enough to float on water.
The powder is soluble in water.
The power cable was broken.
The power cut out for about 15 minutes.
The power cut to all the houses in my street this morning was due to the storm.
The power cuts damaged the computer.
The power delivered by a one square metre solar panel is approximately one watt. Therefore it is currently difficult to harvest solar energy on a grand scale.
The power generator was so badly damaged that it looked it was destroyed with an axe.
The power goes on and off.
The power has been cut off since this morning.
The power has been off since this morning.
The power in the gym shut out.
The power is back on.
The power is in the hands of whoever trusts in God.
The power is off.
The power is out, but we have a generator.
The power is out.
The power is returning.
The power just went out.
The power lines for this department are in a restricted access zone.
The power of accurate observation is commonly called cynicism by those who have not got it.
The power of doing anything with quickness is always prized much by the possessor, and often without any attention to the imperfection of the performance.
The power of his physique is evident to all who look at him.
The power of imagination allows us to travel through the universe.
The power of population is indefinitely greater than the power in the earth to produce subsistence for man.
The power of the tree is the bone.
The power outage came on the anniversary of the 1977 New York City outage that left most of the city without power.
The power outage was caused by a squirrel.
The power outages damaged the computer.
The power plant supplies the remote district with electricity.
The power plant was mothballed because of its outdated technology.
The power rests with Tom.
The power returned.
The power socket is definitely dead.
The power socket stopped working.
The power station supplies the remote district with electricity.
The power strip has a built-in adaptor.
The power suddenly came back on.
The power to continue is exhausted.
The power to question is the basis of all human progress.
The power tripping boss single-handedly ruined the company.
The power was back on.
The power was back.
The power was cut off.
The power was off.
The power was successfully cut off.
The power went out at five.
The power went out in the building.
The power went out in the whole club.
The power went out this morning.
The power went out.
The power's back.
The power's out.
The powerful Mughal cannons blew through the enemy's fortifications.
The powerful always get what they want.
The powerful are not held accountable for their actions.
The powerful aren't held accountable for their actions.
The powerful blaze began to burn away everything in its vicinity.
The powerful cabal of elite pedophiles you're looking for is known as the Catholic Church.
The powerful fighter struck the wall of rock with both hands, smashing it into pieces.
The powerful got what they wanted. No one mentions the pandemic anymore. Eugenics is policy.
The powerful governor is refusing to relinquish control despite being ousted by the country’s president.
The powerful manipulate the system, ensuring that justice remains elusive for the marginalized and oppressed.
The powerful must be held accountable for their actions.
The powerful rip current carried Tom far away from the shore.
The powerful walk all over the powerless.
The powerless are always in the wrong.
The powerless must be protected against the powerful.
The powers of death have done their worst; But Christ their legions hath dispersed; Let shouts of holy joy outburst: Alleluia!
The power’s out.
The practical application of these principles will depend, always and everywhere, on the specific historical conditions.
The practical exam is the day after tomorrow.
The practical experience translation course provides a capabilities test free of charge, so I sent off the assignment and requested the materials.
The practice has long been done away with.
The practice is peculiar to Japan.
The practice of converting office buildings into apartments is at an all-time high in the United States, according to a recent report.
The practice of hugging isn't particularly popular in East Asia.
The practice of lean manufacturing principles streamlines our production process, which in turn increases output.
The practice of male circumcision is ancient and developed in parallel amongst different cultures.
The practice of mining precious metals and stones from the Earth dates as far back as recorded human history.
The practice of sport is a human right. Every individual must have the possibility of practicing sport, without discrimination of any kind and in the Olympic spirit, which requires mutual understanding with a spirit of friendship, solidarity and fair play.
The practice of tisese allows Mosuo women to avoid the double standard that regulates women's sexuality in other cultures.
The practice should be done away with.
The practice still prevails locally in parts of Japan.
The practice was outlawed.
The prancing chestnut mare neighed as she tried to get rid of the rider.
The prancing chestnut mare whinnied as she tried to get rid of the rider.
The prank calls came from a pay phone.
The prawn cocktail was delicious.
The prayer at the pope's last public appearance in Poland was the clearest sign to date that he has no intention to resign, despite his failing health.
The prayer finished, they resumed their seat in the shadow of the boulder until the child fell asleep, nestling upon the broad breast of her protector.
The pre-Columbian aborigines of Porto Rico, Haiti, Jamaica, and Cuba were Arawaks, to judge from the toponymy of these islands.
The pre-Islamic Arabs were nomads.
The preacher gave a beautiful sermon.
The preacher married Tom and Mary.
The preacher promised to marry us.
The precedent has been set.
The preceding month was very rainy.
The precious results of democracy are the apple of the people's eye and the people will fight to maintain these ideals.
The precious results of democracy are the apple of the people’s eye and the people will fight to maintain these ideals.
The precious stone belonged to Tom.
The precise time of their arrival is not known.
The precise time of their arrival isn't known.
The precision ratio is an index that indicates how many articles meet the search criteria out of all of the articles retrieved.
The predator was distracted from its prey.
The predecessors of the Russian Baptists are the Molokans, who massively converted to Baptism in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries, so Russian Baptists are significantly different from European and American Baptists.
The prediction was falsified by the result.
The prediction was for more snow.
The predictive power of this theory has been demonstrated time and time again.
The predominant belief since the dissolution of the Soviet Union has been that another world is not possible.
The preemptive strike destroyed the armory, neutering the army's ability to defend against ground forces.
The preface of the book is written in the Kabyle language.
The prefectural governor got the upper hand in the July elections.
The prefectural housing here is a five-story building with five staircases, designed to accommodate 10 families per staircase for 50 families in total.
The prefectural police chief tried to tighten his police officers' discipline.
The prefectural police chief tried to tighten his police officers’ discipline.
The prefectural police is trying to find out what conflict took place between the father and daughter following the family dinner.
The prefix "cis-" has meant the opposite of "trans-" for a very long time.
The prefix nano stands for one-billionth, and one-billionth of just about any single thing is way too small for the human eye to see.
The pregnancy drove Layla and Sami apart.
The pregnancy left her with stretch marks.
The pregnancy was perfect.
The prehistoric human began to build a house on poles.
The prehistoric human sacrificed animals to the spirits.
The prejudices against Québec exist due to its linguistic intransigence.
The prelude to summer rain is always the same: dark clouds, a warm, humid wind, an open window and curtains which begin to shimmy in the breeze.
The premier and his cabinet colleagues resigned.
The premier announced his intention to undertake drastic reforms in parliament.
The premier is likely to resign.
The premier paid a formal visit to the White House.
The premise is relatively simple.
The premise is ridiculous.
The premise of Numb3rs, a CBS-TV series that premiered in 2005, is simple: two brothers, one a seasoned cop, the other a genius mathematician, team up to solve crimes in modern-day Los Angeles. Keith Devlin, a professor of mathematics at Stanford University, was immediately attracted to this idea, and not just because the hero is a mathematician.
The premise of the book is fundamentally flawed.
The premise was wrong.
The premises are being searched through.
The premises are empty.
The prep we did paid off, and we succeeded at our goal.
The preparation starts tomorrow.
The preparations are almost complete.
The preparations continue.
The preparations won't take any time at all.
The preparations won’t take any time at all.
The presence of bishops of opposite colors favors equality in a large number of endgames.
The presence of graves in the places of worship is a violation of God's Law.
The presence of sex in a book doesn't render it pornographic. There is sex in many literary classics.
The presence of the Moon stabilized the Earth’s spin axis.
The presence of the black cat terrified him.
The presence of water is a necessary but not sufficient condition for life.
The present I got from Tom was the best.
The present agreement is put forth in two copies, signed by the two parties.
The present day has been marked by obscenity.
The present era is difficult.
The present government has many problems.
The present housing policy is likely to come up against considerable opposition.
The present is exclusively that which is always here and remains unchanged.
The present is the line drawn between past and future. If there is not life on this line, then there is no life anywhere.
The present is the only reality and the only certainty.
The present military stand-off between India and Pakistan shows no signs of abating.
The present password is "eosdigital".
The present perfect expresses the long span from past to present.
The present perfect is not used with something that happened long ago.
The present prime minister was not present at the ceremony.
The present soon becomes the past. The future comes to us all the time.
The present state of the city's finances is not good.
The present state of the city’s finances is not good.
The present subjunctive in English is identical to the infinitive.
The present system needs changing.
The present system needs to be changed.
The present that you gave me is great.
The present they bought is for themselves.
The present time is a good time.
The present will not always be the future.
The present world owes its convenient life to petroleum.
The present writer doesn't intend to deal with this matter.
The present writer doesn't like such a tendency.
The present writer doesn’t intend to deal with this matter.
The present writer doesn’t like such a tendency.
The presentation had almost come to an end.
The presentation in Rudin is not only terse, but also dry and unmotivated.
The presentation is about to be over.
The presentation of this website is sometimes confusing.
The presentation was almost over.
The presentations last five minutes each.
The presenters are passionate about broadcasting and are actively involved in the community.
The presents are by the Christmas tree.
The preservation of forests is vital to the ecosystem.
The presidency is not his property.
The president abolished slavery.
The president abolished the death penalty.
The president addressed a large audience.
The president addressed his students as follows.
The president and first lady arrived at the World War II Memorial and participated in the laying of a wreath.
The president and his entourage were injured.
The president and the secretary talked over a cup of coffee.
The president announced liberal reforms.
The president announced that the United States would put a satellite into orbit.
The president announces reforms.
The president appeared powerless.
The president applauded our efforts and challenged us to own up to our past.
The president appointed a new manager.
The president appointed each man to the post.
The president approved the use of crossbows by the police.
The president argued with the factory head about the production plan.
The president assembled his advisers for a conference.
The president awarded medals to Generals Jackson and Smith.
The president called on the people to unite in fighting poverty and disease.
The president came up with a solution designed to appease the opposition.
The president cancelled his visit to Japan.
The president claimed he made a deal with the aliens.
The president conducted us personally to his office.
The president declared martial law.
The president declined to answer the delicate question.
The president did not come, but sent the vice-president in his stead.
The president did not comment on speculation that he will declare a national emergency and impose further restrictions on international travel.
The president didn't take any diplomatic steps towards the peaceful solution of the conflict and unfortunately, neither did the UN.
The president dismisses damning investigative journalism by calling it fake news.
The president doesn't see anybody.
The president doesn’t see anybody.
The president drunk texted Tom his war plans.
The president fled from the capital.
The president flies to the city in a helicopter.
The president gave up the idea because it was not practical.
The president gets most of his information by watching TV.
The president glossed over these divisive issues.
The president governs for four years.
The president granted a general pardon.
The president granted citizenship to the spy.
The president had no other recourse than to admit the decisive victory of his opponent in the elections.
The president handed the speech to the reporter.
The president has abolished slavery.
The president has grave responsibilities.
The president has issued three executive orders that pertain to immigration in the past week.
The president has just been assassinated.
The president has promised a more austere administration than that of his predecessor.
The president has said the entire Russia story is fake news.
The president has to learn the speech by heart.
The president has voiced a wide range of often contradictory views.
The president hasn't gotten a lot of things done in his first 100 days.
The president held himself responsible for the slump in business, and left his post.
The president ignored the protesters outside his office.
The president instructed the employees to improve their productivity.
The president is a down-to-earth kind of man.
The president is a fallible man.
The president is a walking vegetable.
The president is acting like the proverbial bull in the china shop, breaking everything around him.
The president is burying his head in the sand.
The president is busy with affairs of state.
The president is caving to critical voices on the right.
The president is difficult to approach.
The president is discussing the production plan with the director of the plant.
The president is elected for five year term.
The president is expected to put forward a new energy policy.
The president is flying into town by helicopter.
The president is flying to the city in a helicopter.
The president is fully aware of the situation.
The president is getting into the car.
The president is going to make some kind of big announcement tonight.
The president is never on time.
The president is out now.
The president is presently in Miami.
The president is showing signs of mental illness.
The president is some sort of an untouchable figure domestically.
The president is straining every nerve to make his country great again.
The president is too craven to tackle this problem.
The president is under mounting pressure to veto the legislation, which empowers the government to block websites without a court order and gives it access to user information for up to two years.
The president is usually accompanied by his wife when he travels internationally.
The president isolated himself from reality.
The president laughed in spite of himself.
The president left Washington in early September.
The president likes to travel.
The president made a statement on the issue.
The president made an official announcement.
The president made certain that he lined his pockets before he resigned.
The president made special remarks with reference accident in the nuclear reactor.
The president made use of his veto.
The president of Brazil was removed from office.
The president of China has proposed building a China-Mongolia-Russia Economic Corridor.
The president of Eurojust called the cybercrime group, known as Avalanche, "one of the world's largest and most malicious botnet infrastructures" and said its take-down by authorities was one of the biggest to date.
The president of France goes to Japan next month.
The president of France is visiting Japan next month.
The president of German farming association DBV, Joachim Rukwied, said drought had caused 1.4 million euros of damage to grains crops alone this year.
The president of Mali is the youngest head of state in the world.
The president of Princeton University, which routinely leads the lists of best colleges and universities, advises applicants to be wary of choosing a school based on ranking lists.
The president of Tanzania was on a state visit to Finland in 1998 together with his wife.
The president of Tunisia has just removed the country's prime minister and suspended the parliament.
The president of every country knows the president of every other country.
The president of that company has an ace up her sleeve.
The president of the Amazigh World Congress, an "international NGO that defends and promotes the individual and collective rights of the Berbers" was summoned and interrogated for two hours by the Algerian police about its activities and reports of violations of human rights in Kabylia.
The president of the company asked Tom to fire half of the company's workers. And then he fired Tom.
The president of the company bribed the government minister.
The president of the company, to whom I introduced you last Friday, wants to see you again.
The president of the company, to whom I introduced you, wants to see you again.
The president of the largest country in the world doesn't understand English.
The president of the provisional government of Kabylia, Mr. Ferhat Mhenni, is fighting for the rights of the Kabyle people.
The president of the republic is chosen by the people.
The president of the university addressed the students yesterday.
The president of the university is likely to resign.
The president of this country is eloquent.
The president of this team is Costa Rican.
The president ordered that to be covered up.
The president ought to be ashamed.
The president pardoned him.
The president politely declined to answer the delicate question.
The president predicted that once the coronavirus is gone, the stock markets “will pop back up like nobody has seen.”
The president promised a diplomatic meeting with the aliens.
The president promised to ax government spending.
The president proposed a national service program in which young people could serve as community volunteers in exchange for college financial aid.
The president proposed a new plan.
The president protected his corrupt friends.
The president put off visiting Japan.
The president refused to answer that question.
The president refused to respond to that question.
The president refused.
The president remained coy about his plans.
The president remained faithful to his principles.
The president remained in bed.
The president repeatedly spoke of security, underscoring the need for better intelligence.
The president resigned from office after an investigation showed he had lied to voters.
The president resigned.
The president retreated underground.
The president said he would not run for the second term.
The president said that he would die for his country.
The president said that he would fight for his country.
The president said that he would fight for his people.
The president said that his comments about what happened in Sweden were based on a report he saw on Fox News.
The president said that the land was in danger.
The president said the crisis would have little effect on our country.
The president said the crisis wouldn't affect our country much.
The president said, "I don't give a damn."
The president said, "I don't give a fuck."
The president said, "I don’t give a damn."
The president said, “We have no shortages other than people are buying anywhere from three to five times what they would normally buy.”
The president saluted the public.
The president sat in the place of honor.
The president says class-action lawsuits are an effective way for large groups of plaintiffs to seek justice against corporate wrongdoing. He says the goal of the new law is to ensure that lawyers do not manipulate class-action suits for personal gain.
The president seemed strong.
The president sent an emissary to renegotiate the terms.
The president shall be selected by majority vote.
The president speaks as a real patriot.
The president stated his position on the issue.
The president still did not welcome war.
The president suddenly resigned.
The president takes office tomorrow.
The president talked for a long time on the TV.
The president talks to people all the time.
The president took a helicopter to the city.
The president tried to make his case for war by subtly appealing to the electorate's deep-seated suspicion of Arabs.
The president tried to make his case for war by subtly appealing to the electorate’s deep-seated suspicion of Arabs.
The president unexpectedly submitted his resignation letter.
The president urged employees to act on their initiative.
The president vetoed that bill.
The president vowed to squash the mutiny.
The president wanted immediate action.
The president wants to jump-start the sluggish economy by lowering taxes.
The president was a farmer when he was young.
The president was confronted by difficult questions asked by a group of journalism students.
The president was deposed by the military.
The president was elected for four years.
The president was forced to return to Washington.
The president was furious because nobody listened to him.
The president was greeted by the queen on arrival at the palace.
The president was nice enough to respond to my letter.
The president was nice, and replied to my letter.
The president was not injured.
The president was overthrown by the military.
The president was quoted as saying he would like to visit Japan soon.
The president was severely weakened.
The president was sitting in the chair with his back to the window.
The president was sure there would be war.
The president was very serious about your overseas assignment.
The president was visiting France that month.
The president was willing to support the bill.
The president went on national television.
The president will appoint new directors.
The president will hold a press conference later today.
The president will issue a statement tomorrow.
The president will make a statement tomorrow.
The president will meet tomorrow with the country's most important business leaders.
The president won reelection despite facing a major scandal during the campaign.
The president's argument is that chaos would ensue if he were forced from office.
The president's car arrived at the headquarters of the national intelligence service.
The president's car is bulletproof.
The president's death caused great sorrow.
The president's detractors conveniently omit from their criticism all the positive things he's done.
The president's domestic popularity has decreased.
The president's five-year, $15 billion program to fight AIDS in Africa and the Caribbean is based on encouraging abstinence, fidelity, and the use of contraception.
The president's health secretary, Alex Azar, warned that the pandemic has the potential to overwhelm the capacity of the American health care system.
The president's lack of a defined contingency plan is maladroit at best.
The president's mind was seriously disturbed after the failed coup attempt.
The president's off-the-cuff remarks have gotten him into hot water.
The president's pious concern was to reshape the country.
The president's popularity started decreasing.
The president's press conference is taking place this time at the Ministry of Justice.
The president's press conference takes place this time at the Ministry of Justice.
The president's proposal met with approval.
The president's son leads the special forces.
The president's speech was interrupted by the parade of clowns riding unicycles.
The president's speeches are utterly terrible.
The president's sudden resignation has rattled the company. What should we do now?
The president's term lasts five years.
The president's term lasts four years.
The president's term of office is four years.
The president's words were heard by the whole nation.
The president, however, has been arguing otherwise and hurling his “fake news” invective at media pointing out the discrepancy.
The president-elect has yet to clarify his views, having taken conflicting positions on almost every political issue he chose to address during the election campaign, and on other issues having limited himself to meaningless, preposterously vague promises about the nation's supposed future greatness.
The president-elect's cabinet selection process appeared in disarray, even as his fawning acolytes disputed multiple news reports of backbiting, vendettas, infighting and persistent, bitter acrimony. With the constantly ongoing palace intrigue, it was difficult to know for certain who was in charge.
The presidential campaign starts getting speed. All moves will be allowed. There will be blood!
The presidential election is not a beauty contest.
The presidential election isn't a beauty contest.
The presidential election of 1876 was very close.
The presidential scandal inspired Tom to go into investigative journalism.
The presidents of Afghanistan during the American presence were sometimes called the "Mayor of Kabul" because of their limited authority outside the capital.
The president’s off-the-cuff remarks have gotten him into hot water.
The president’s supporters reacted with outrage and there were incidents of protesters scuffling with police.
The president’s term of office is four years.
The presiding judge sentenced the defendant to death.
The presiding judge was touched by pity for the accused.
The press always has something on the incumbent.
The press always loves a good scandal.
The press applauded the initiative.
The press are arriving in force.
The press ban on the case was removed yesterday.
The press besieged the minister with questions.
The press briefings are by invitation only.
The press can't ignore us forever. Sooner or later, they'll do a story about us.
The press conference got so crowded.
The press conference is scheduled to begin one hour from now.
The press conference turned out to be a non-event.
The press confirmed the rumors.
The press has been hounding the president nonstop about reneging on his promise not to raise taxes.
The press is a beast, crushing almost 47 tonnes of apples an hour into juice and slurry.
The press is focusing on the scandal.
The press is interested in his private life.
The press is not allowed inside.
The press office later reiterated the point.
The press officer died of a heart attack when the prince was arrested.
The press officer works with the media relations team.
The press praised the initiative.
The press secretary faced a salvo of questions from the reporters.
The press secretary is the president's spin doctor.
The press will be watching.
The press will go crazy over this story.
The pressure built on Yanni to quit or at least acknowledge what he had done.
The pressure cooker is a cooking utensil that closes hermetically.
The pressure for tax reform is growing.
The pressure from outside grew.
The pressure from the geyser caused the water to shoot into the air.
The pressure has become too much.
The pressure has stabilized.
The pressure in one of the tyres is too high.
The pressure is building.
The pressure is enormous.
The pressure is getting to him.
The pressure is on.
The pressure kept building.
The pressure to conform to traditional masculine norms often leads to toxic masculinity and harmful behaviors.
The pressure to succeed pushed Ziri into being a toxic person.
The pressure was obtained by strong mechanical appliances, and the cold by means of solidified carbonic acid, which looked like lumps of snow.
The pressure was on for Layla to get pregnant.
The pressure was tremendous.
The pressure's still rising.
The pressures of supporting a big family are beginning to catch up with Tom.
The pressures of supporting a big family are beginning to catch up with him.
The prestige of the Societies had been effectually destroyed by the President’s denunciation; in a surprisingly short time these ambitious and troublemaking organizations sank into desuetude and were lost to view.
The presumed causes of Americas troubles can be summed up simply: the evils of unlimited competition, and abuses by those with economic power.
The presumption of innocence is a crucial legal concept.
The prettiest shaped trees quickly get sold and the ones that didn't get picked are turned into wreaths or decorations.
The pretty girl in the bar blinked at me.
The pretty girl in the bikini is Tom's sister.
The pretty girl in the bikini was an eye-opener on the beach.
The pretty girl is not fine.
The pretty girl walked up and asked the clerk at the fabric counter.
The prevailing view among biologists is that non-native species should be presumed to be destructive unless proven otherwise.
The prevalence of English as a global lingua franca further reinforces the perception among some Westerners that their language and communication norms should dominate global interactions.
The prevalence of sentences with the names "Tom" and "Mary" makes both a political statement and a religious one.
The prevention of forest fires is everyone's responsibility.
The prevention of forest fires is everyone’s responsibility.
The previews were over and the movie started.
The previous Italian monetary unit was the lira, with the symbol "₤". It isn't linked to the Turkish lira.
The previous boss smiled all the time, but the current boss has somehow become moody.
The previous government had bequeathed a legacy of problems.
The previous owners of our house moved to Liverpool.
The previous pet-sitter taught our parrot the phrase "level 10 gyatt" and now he won't stop saying it, so we're hiring a new one.
The previous scientist has gone missing.
The previous sentence is telling the truth.
The previous sentence is true.
The previous tenant stole the light switches.
The previous tenant took care of the apartment.
The previous tenant took excellent care of her apartment.
The previous tenants left the place in a mess.
The previous tenants turned the home into a meth lab.
The previous tenants were evicted.
The prey dies once, while the hunter dies every day.
The price blows my mind.
The price cap on household energy bills is based on consumption rather than income.
The price changes according to demand.
The price decreased.
The price depends on the dimensions.
The price depends on the size.
The price did not enter into our consideration.
The price does not include the box.
The price does not include the case.
The price does not play a role.
The price doesn't include consumption tax.
The price doesn't matter to me.
The price doesn't matter.
The price doesn't really matter to me very much.
The price doesn't really matter to me.
The price doesn’t include consumption tax.
The price fluctuates according to demand.
The price for the kitten is thirty euros.
The price goes up soon.
The price has gone up.
The price has just doubled.
The price has not changed in years.
The price hasn't changed in years.
The price in January advanced 20% year to year.
The price includes free shipping.
The price includes postage charges.
The price includes postage.
The price includes shipping.
The price includes tax.
The price includes the consumption tax.
The price includes the postage charge.
The price index hit an all-time high.
The price is 20.5 yuan.
The price is a little high for me.
The price is double what it was last year.
The price is extremely attractive.
The price is extremely tempting.
The price is going to go up soon.
The price is going to rise soon.
The price is going up.
The price is good.
The price is high.
The price is kind of high for a used car.
The price is kind of high, but it's worth it.
The price is low but the quality is not very good.
The price is low, but the quality isn't very good.
The price is low, but then again, the quality isn't very good.
The price is none too high.
The price is not reasonable.
The price is not the same for everyone.
The price is open to negotiation.
The price is reasonable.
The price is right.
The price is rising.
The price is simply mind blowing.
The price is symbolic.
The price is ten dollars inclusive of the tax.
The price is the same, but the quality is better.
The price is three hundred dollars.
The price is three hundred, not two.
The price is too high for this product. The product is overpriced.
The price is too high.
The price is too steep for me.
The price is unbeatable.
The price is up to you.
The price is up twenty-two percent.
The price is very cheap.
The price is very high.
The price isn't fixed.
The price isn't important.
The price isn't reasonable.
The price isn’t important.
The price jump was unprecedented.
The price of Bitcoin has fallen by 25% in the past 24 hours.
The price of Coca-Cola at the buffet increased.
The price of a litre of petrol has been increased by 12 rupees.
The price of almost everything is going through the roof.
The price of anything is the amount of life you exchange for it.
The price of bananas hasn't changed much over the past few years.
The price of books is getting higher these days.
The price of bread rose by ten yen.
The price of cabbage fell because of overproduction.
The price of carrots is going to skyrocket this winter because of the drought.
The price of coffee has come down.
The price of coffee has doubled since then.
The price of coffee has gone down.
The price of coffee has gone up.
The price of coffee is increasing.
The price of coffee went down.
The price of cotton has more than doubled since last year.
The price of crude oil is sinking.
The price of diamond is very expensive.
The price of eggs is going up.
The price of electricity is going up.
The price of electricity was increased four times in a year.
The price of electricity will be going up next month.
The price of electricity's going up.
The price of energy continues to go up.
The price of energy continues to rise.
The price of ethanol fell.
The price of everything increased.
The price of fish is on the rise.
The price of fish is starting to rise.
The price of food has gone up a lot recently.
The price of food has gone up.
The price of food shot up in July.
The price of food's gone up.
The price of freedom is eternal vigilance.
The price of gas is going up.
The price of gas is rising.
The price of gasoline is going up.
The price of gasoline is so high that we can't buy a big car.
The price of gasoline is so high that we cannot buy a big car.
The price of gold and by the same token silver too, is going to explode.
The price of gold fluctuates daily.
The price of gold varies from day to day.
The price of jet fuel is one reason aviation technology research is so often focused on making planes lighter and more efficient.
The price of labor is very low in Morocco.
The price of land in the center of the city is soaring.
The price of land is going up.
The price of liberty is eternal vigilance.
The price of meat dropped.
The price of meat will drop soon.
The price of meat will soon come down.
The price of milk has soared in the last month.
The price of milk varies somewhat depending on the shop.
The price of my dress' fabric is 10 Euros per meter.
The price of my piano lessons includes the use of the piano.
The price of oil continues to rise.
The price of oil has dipped below $30 a barrel.
The price of oil has fallen below zero.
The price of oil is down this week.
The price of oil is going up.
The price of oil went down.
The price of oil went up.
The price of oranges has come down.
The price of petrol is rising continuously.
The price of petrol is rising.
The price of petrol is, most of the time, a result of strategic political decisions.
The price of real estate has been rising abnormally in Japan.
The price of rice has come down.
The price of rice has dropped.
The price of rice has fallen.
The price of rice has plummeted.
The price of rice has tumbled.
The price of rice is going up again.
The price of rice is going up by leaps and bounds.
The price of rice rose by more than three percent.
The price of rice rose by over three per cent.
The price of rice rose by three percent.
The price of rice went up three percent.
The price of stock declined by half in a month.
The price of that bicycle was too high.
The price of that book is five dollars.
The price of the book was $5.
The price of the car is too high.
The price of the carpet is determined by three factors.
The price of the meal includes a service charge.
The price of the picture is 10 pounds.
The price of the picture is £10.
The price of the stock declined by half in a month.
The price of the stock of that company will not come down.
The price of these shoes has been reduced.
The price of these supplies quickly increased.
The price of this article does not cover the cost of its manufacture.
The price of this book after discount is 10 zloty.
The price of this book has been reduced by half.
The price of this book is 4 dollars.
The price of this camera is exorbitant.
The price of this camera is very high.
The price of this car is discounted fifteen percent.
The price of this car is very high.
The price of this computer is very low.
The price of this item doesn't cover its production costs.
The price of this tie is too high.
The price of this used car is reasonable.
The price of this vehicle is ten lakh rupees.
The price of this watch is high.
The price of train tickets to Crimea has been announced.
The price of vegetables fluctuates daily.
The price of vegetables has gone up.
The price of vegetables varies from day to day.
The price of wisdom is above pearls.
The price reflects the demand.
The price rise is in large part due to profiteering.
The price rose.
The price should fit my budget.
The price shown in this advertisement only includes the frame.
The price suits me.
The price tag is high.
The price tag is still on the shirt Tom is wearing.
The price tag says one thing, but the dealer will give it to me for a little less.
The price tags are still on the shirts Tom and Mary are wearing.
The price that America must pay for the continued oppression of the Negro and other minority groups is the price of its own destruction.
The price that the famous pay for their celebrity is a lack of privacy.
The price they are charging seems reasonable.
The price to refill a 12.5 kg tank with gas — about $25 U.S. — was nearly triple the normal price, and she said she couldn't afford to spend that much on gas alone.
The price to register a vehicle has gone up.
The price turned out to be lower than I thought.
The price varies with demand.
The price was absurdly high.
The price was affordable.
The price was extremely high.
The price was higher than we expected.
The price was in the neighbourhood of 50 dollars.
The price was lower than I thought.
The price was lower than I'd thought.
The price was only three thousand yen, or about thirty dollars.
The price was outrageous.
The price was right.
The price was unbeatable for Ziri.
The price went up.
The price will change according to the demand.
The price will continue to climb.
The price will continue to rise.
The price will go up soon.
The price will increase.
The price will keep going up.
The price will not come down.
The price will rise soon.
The price will soon go up.
The price will soon rise.
The price won't change over time.
The price'll go up soon.
The priceless china shattered into fragments.
The prices are as written. Don't try to haggle with me.
The prices are going up higher and higher.
The prices are high.
The prices are in euros.
The prices are not cheap.
The prices are ridiculously low.
The prices are still rising.
The prices are subject to change without notice.
The prices are those collectors would expect to pay at auction now.
The prices are ultra high on this ship.
The prices are variable, so shop around.
The prices at Benedito's restaurant are reasonable.
The prices at the supermarket where I go are reasonable.
The prices depend on the season.
The prices fell suddenly.
The prices go up after six o'clock.
The prices have been very high lately.
The prices have gone down.
The prices here are a bit high.
The prices here are quite reasonable.
The prices here are ridiculously low.
The prices here are very reasonable.
The prices in the Algerian housing market have skyrocketed.
The prices in this pastry shop are very high.
The prices of Japanese automobiles are still comparatively high.
The prices of certain foods vary from week to week.
The prices of commodities varied every week then.
The prices of medicines are high.
The prices of raw materials such as oil or coal continue to rise.
The prices of tomatoes are very irregular throughout the year.
The prices of vegetables are down.
The prices on the menu look reasonable.
The prices remain as they were.
The prices went up again.
The prices were too high.
The prices were very high.
The prices will come down.
The prices will remain as they are.
The prickly pear cactus grows abundantly in many parts of northern Ethiopia's Tigray region.
The prickly pear constitutes a barrier against fires.
The pride flag was everywhere.
The pride of New York are its museums.
The pride of New York is its museums.
The priest administered Extreme Unction.
The priest assembled the parishioners in the church.
The priest blessed the children.
The priest blessed the congregation at the end of the mass.
The priest blessed the congregation.
The priest blessed the marriage of the happy couple.
The priest blessed the marriage of the two.
The priest blessed the newly built church.
The priest blessed us.
The priest called the drunk "slave of sin".
The priest came.
The priest can sacrifice on the altar.
The priest cries stop thief; the seller shouts stop the priest; the cheat cries stop the mad priest.
The priest frantically came into the church saying he had a message from God.
The priest gave me his blessing.
The priest has come.
The priest heard the beggar's confession.
The priest is a good man.
The priest is an atheist.
The priest is angry all the time.
The priest is frowning all the time.
The priest is good.
The priest is in the chapel.
The priest is marrying a young couple.
The priest is saying Mass.
The priest knows all his parishioners.
The priest lit the Easter fire.
The priest made the sign of the cross as the casket was lowered into the ground.
The priest made the sign of the cross.
The priest married them last Sunday.
The priest participated in the children's game.
The priest participated in the children's games.
The priest participated in the children’s game.
The priest participated in the children’s games.
The priest prayed for a long time for the recovery of a sick person.
The priest prayed greatly for the recovery of the ill.
The priest pretends to be solemn in public.
The priest pronounced them man and wife.
The priest read the prayers of absolution over Tom after hearing his confession.
The priest recited a sermon.
The priest recited the beatitudes in his sermon.
The priest reprimanded the altar boy for swinging the incense around like a lasso.
The priest said that this book could be harmful to youth.
The priest seems to make it a practice to climb on the underdog's bandwagon and persuade the other side to compromise.
The priest seems to make it a practice to climb on the underdog’s bandwagon and persuade the other side to compromise.
The priest skillfully drew a picture of a priest on a folding screen.
The priest splashes the boy's head with a bit of water and proclaims his name.
The priest took the sick man's place.
The priest took the sick man’s place.
The priest tried to improve the people's morals.
The priest tried to improve the people’s morals.
The priest walked among the parishioners several times, spreading the smell of incense from the censer.
The priest went into the confessional blindfolded. He didn't want to see the sinner; he wanted to guide him for his repentance.
The priest who speaks French will be here next week.
The priest will christen Mary's child.
The priest will say a funeral prayer at the cemetery chapel.
The priest will take some of the blood.
The priest's cassock billowed gently in the wind.
The priests also that come to the Lord, let them be sanctified, lest he strike them.
The priests can sacrifice on the altar.
The priests in surplices and birettas sang responses.
The priests rose to power and the churches became fortresses.
The priest’s cassock billowed gently in the wind.
The primary aim of science is to find truth, new truth.
The primary cause of his failure is laziness.
The primary consideration is profit maximizing.
The primary culprits in eutrophication appear to be excess nitrogen and phosphorus—from sources including fertilizer runoff and septic system effluent to atmospheric fallout from burning fossil fuels—which enter waterbodies and fuel the overgrowth of algae, which, in turn, reduces water quality and degrades estuarine and coastal ecosystems.
The primary means of communication for cats is body language.
The primary motivation of the Crusades was economic, not religious.
The primary need of a male is sex.
The primary object of an efficient police is the prevention of crime: the next that of detection and punishment of offenders if crime is committed. To these ends all the efforts of police must be directed. The protection of life and property, the preservation of public tranquillity, and the absence of crime, will alone prove whether those efforts have been successful and whether the objects for which the police were appointed have been attained.
The primary religion in Sri Lanka is Buddhism.
The primary sources of oxygen on the ISS are the Russian-built Elektron Oxygen Generator unit and NASA’s Oxygen Generator System (OGS).
The primary strength of a nation lies in its educational system.
The primary takeaway from the past 250 years of recorded American history is that Presidents are not kings.
The primates include not only the apes, but also man.
The prime lending rate is an interest rate determined by individual banks.
The prime means of communication for cats is body language.
The prime minister agreed that the government needed to be restructured.
The prime minister already voted in his city of residence.
The prime minister and his party were by now so unpopular that most commentators predicted a landslide win for the opposition party to be in the offing for the next election.
The prime minister announced that he would resign within a few weeks.
The prime minister appoints the members of his cabinet.
The prime minister called a press conference to announce the planned reforms.
The prime minister can initiate a vote of confidence.
The prime minister convened a press conference to announce the planned reforms.
The prime minister decided to lock down Algiers.
The prime minister designate's retort came after the U.S. ambassador to Canada, David Wilkins, made a comment earlier this week disputing Canada's assertion of sovereignty over Arctic waters the United States considers international territory.
The prime minister didn't budge an inch on his resolution.
The prime minister died today at the age of 70.
The prime minister directly confronted the challenges of his political opponents.
The prime minister dissolved the Diet.
The prime minister does not know English.
The prime minister fell into the Danube and drowned.
The prime minister fielded some tough questions at the press conference.
The prime minister got wrapped up in a scandal.
The prime minister had to cut his visit short because of an emergency back home that required his attention.
The prime minister has announced a ban on Israeli imports.
The prime minister has died today at the age of 70.
The prime minister herself had to interfere in the matter to calm the protesters.
The prime minister hinted at the possibility of an early election.
The prime minister is about to resign.
The prime minister is the head of the government of France.
The prime minister is the head of the government.
The prime minister is to make a statement today.
The prime minister is to make a statement tomorrow.
The prime minister isn't a native English speaker.
The prime minister paid a formal visit to the White House.
The prime minister said it would have been negligent to go ahead with the deal against advice from intelligence agencies.
The prime minister said that he didn't want to pre-empt the findings of the inquiry by making any policy changes before its recommendations were presented.
The prime minister signed the charter.
The prime minister spoke about the financial crisis at length.
The prime minister was unable to form a cabinet.
The prime minister will make an announcement tomorrow.
The prime minister's answer was equivocal.
The prime minister's businesslike approach to welfare reform earned him accolades among the upper class.
The prime minister's office said Sophie Gregoire-Trudeau began exhibiting flu-like symptoms late Wednesday after returning from a speaking engagement in London.
The prime minister's remark sparked the opposition movement.
The prime minister's speech did not make for peace.
The prime minister's speech mobilized the population.
The prime minister's speech was a disaster.
The prime ministers of Jamaica and Trinidad are set to sign an accord in which Trinidad will supply Jamaica with liquefied natural gas at competitive prices.
The prime minister’s answer was equivocal.
The prime minister’s businesslike approach to welfare reform earned him accolades among the upper class.
The prime minister’s remark sparked the opposition movement.
The prime minister’s speech did not make for peace.
The prime purpose of the profession is the rendering of a public service.
The primitive man was frightened at the sight of a savage beast.
The primitive man was frightened at the sign of the beast.
The prince abnegated the crown.
The prince acceded to the throne.
The prince and princess made their way through the cheering crowd.
The prince and the jester had a lot in common.
The prince and the princess fell instantly in love.
The prince asked for her hand in marriage in an elaborately planned proposal on the yacht.
The prince asked the little girl why she was crying.
The prince asked who she was and how she came there.
The prince became a king that day.
The prince bestowed a gentle smile upon his subjects.
The prince bowed down to Snow White.
The prince caressed his lovely bride and she played with his raven locks, and with their arms entwined they retired to the gorgeous tent.
The prince danced with the duchess at the gala.
The prince delivered his speech in three languages: Spanish, Catalan, and English.
The prince fell in love with a simple peasant girl and married her.
The prince fell in love with a woodcutter's daughter.
The prince fell in love with a woodcutter’s daughter.
The prince gave his land to his subjects.
The prince gave the princess a castle as a statement of his love.
The prince has set out on a long journey.
The prince is almost a hundred years old.
The prince is handsome.
The prince is the son of the king.
The prince is waiting.
The prince killed the dragon and got the princess, but no one asked the princess if she liked the prince.
The prince learned English from the American lady.
The prince left the Planet in October, his rose made many a mistake in the years since. She finally found her King after many failed attempts. One that would not leave such a rose, one that understood all she says.
The prince loitered about all day.
The prince made it known all over the land that he would marry the poor girl.
The prince must die.
The prince only wore the ermine cloak once.
The prince said that she should always be near him, and she was allowed to sleep outside his door on a velvet cushion.
The prince says that the world will be saved by beauty! And I maintain that the reason he has such playful ideas is that he is in love.
The prince slew the dragon.
The prince studied rhetoric, arithmetics, astronomy and music.
The prince succeeded to the throne.
The prince thought the young girl had been eaten by a dragon.
The prince wanted to marry a princess.
The prince wants a white horse.
The prince was changed into a frog.
The prince was changed into a tree by magic.
The prince was confined in the castle for three years.
The prince was lost in the woods.
The prince was turned by magic into a frog.
The prince was turned into a frog by magic.
The prince went to the forest to hunt and happened on a fair maiden bathing in a spring.
The prince's behavior struck him as inappropriate.
The prince's condition was described as "stable, but critical."
The prince, or the princess, will inherit the throne.
The princess always wore very elaborate hairstyles.
The princess and her friends walked around the garden.
The princess attended the King's coronation.
The princess begged forgiveness from the emperor.
The princess couldn't help laughing at him.
The princess couldn’t help laughing at him.
The princess did not like this at all, and one day she complained about it very bitterly to her nurse.
The princess disguised herself as a page.
The princess disguised herself as a simple shepherdess.
The princess dressed as a boy to escape from the palace.
The princess fell in love with an Elven prince.
The princess fell in love with the prince instantly.
The princess gave her lover a sabre covered with gold.
The princess had never worked a day in her life.
The princess had seated herself on one of the largest icebergs, and all the passing ships sheered off in alarm when they saw her sitting there with her long hair streaming loose in the wind.
The princess had six beautiful dresses given to her by the king.
The princess held a masquerade ball in the grand ballroom.
The princess is in her boudoir.
The princess is indescribably beautiful.
The princess is lying with her eyes closed.
The princess is waiting.
The princess is wearing a gold tiara.
The princess kissed her friend, crying.
The princess kissed the frog and he turned into a handsome prince.
The princess lay with her eyes closed.
The princess lies with her eyes closed.
The princess lives at the top of the tower.
The princess lives in a great copper castle, surrounded by many walls and towers! No one except the King may go in or out, for it is prophesied that she will marry a common soldier, and the King cannot submit to that.
The princess lives in a large castle.
The princess lives in a small house.
The princess lives in the castle.
The princess looked around in wonder.
The princess must die.
The princess next put on the bear's skin, which so completely changed her appearance, that no one could have known that she was a girl and not a bear.
The princess removed her gloves.
The princess rode in a beautiful golden carriage.
The princess rode in a golden carriage.
The princess stood next to the piano.
The princess walked through the garden.
The princess was a highly modern princess, causing the king much anxiety.
The princess was beautiful beyond description.
The princess was betrothed to a prince who lived a great way off.
The princess was captured by an evil wizard.
The princess was eaten by the shark.
The princess was fond of cooking.
The princess was indescribably beautiful.
The princess was of so thoughtful and moody a turn of mind that no one could make her laugh; and the king had made known to all the world, that whoever could make her laugh should have her for his wife.
The princess was sent out to the lake to be fed to the dragon.
The princess was thrown in prison.
The princess was thrown into the castle's deepest dungeon.
The princess was turned into a swan by an evil sorcerer.
The princess was wearing too much makeup.
The princess wore a golden dress.
The princess wore an elaborate dress.
The princess's stepmother was very cruel.
The princess's taste for pleasures was expanding; and we thought only about how to sprinkle on them new seasonings, so as to give them more spice.
The princess’s taste for pleasures was expanding; and we thought only about how to sprinkle on them new seasonings, so as to give them more spice.
The prince’s coronation was a day to remember.
The prince’s coronation was a grand affair.
The prince’s coronation was a splendid ceremony.
The prince’s crown gleamed in the torchlight.
The prince’s official London residence, Clarence House, issued a statement saying it was impossible to ascertain where he caught the virus, owing to the high number of engagements he carried out in his public role during recent weeks.
The prince’s speech was both charming and wise.
The principal announced that the school was going into a lockdown.
The principal asked the teacher to leave the premises.
The principal assured me of her honesty.
The principal boasted about Ziri's talent.
The principal called Mary into his office.
The principal called Robert into his office.
The principal called Tom into his office.
The principal called Yanni's mom.
The principal called Ziri in for a meeting.
The principal called and said you weren't at school today.
The principal called four children.
The principal called him to account for being absent without an excuse.
The principal called our teacher and told her that he was sending us back to class.
The principal called the teachers into his office.
The principal calls Tom's parents to school practically every day.
The principal came in after the teacher.
The principal came into the classroom and invited Ziri to come with him.
The principal came up to Ziri and told him he had seen him throw a rock at the teacher's car.
The principal caught Ziri red-handed.
The principal cause of death in refugee camps is the lack of nourishment.
The principal chemical preservatives used in the curing of meats are borax and boric acid and sulfite of soda.
The principal condemned Ziri's behavior in class.
The principal decided to suspend Lorenzo for a week.
The principal demanded that Boldi be kept out of school.
The principal didn't fire that teacher.
The principal dragged Vladimir forcefully into his office.
The principal feature of the conference is the buffet.
The principal finally let Michael go with a warning.
The principal gave Ziri one more chance.
The principal glared at Ziri as he walked in.
The principal goal of NASA's Juno mission is to understand the origin and evolution of Jupiter.
The principal had a dog.
The principal heard you because of your big mouth.
The principal immediately kicked Ziri out of the event.
The principal is strict.
The principal let Michael off.
The principal let Robert go.
The principal let Ziri off with a warning.
The principal livestock is sheep.
The principal made a rule for the purpose of giving a good school life to the students.
The principal natural isotope of aluminium is aluminium-27.
The principal noticed that.
The principal of our school is an American.
The principal only punished Ziri and that really pissed Rima off.
The principal presented each of the graduates with diploma.
The principal presented the new teacher.
The principal put up the list and James was selected.
The principal questioned David again.
The principal religion in Algeria is Islam.
The principal said every student will be punished if the culprit does not reveal themselves.
The principal seized the comics.
The principal sent Ziri away.
The principal severely reproved the students whenever they made a mess in the hallway.
The principal shook hands with each of the graduates.
The principal shook hands with each of the graduating pupils.
The principal spoke to Janos in private.
The principal stepped in and agreed to Mr Nani’s proposal.
The principal suddenly walked into the classroom.
The principal suggested that Tom be expelled from the school.
The principal suggested that Tom should be expelled from the school.
The principal suspended Daniel.
The principal suspended that teacher's license to teach there.
The principal theme of the book is the American Revolution.
The principal threatened to kick Ziri out of school.
The principal walked into the classroom and everyone stood up.
The principal wants to see you.
The principal wants to talk to you.
The principal was always miserly with words.
The principal was always taciturn.
The principal was axing students and teachers out of classrooms.
The principal was coming.
The principal was informed of the incident.
The principal was looking for David.
The principal was strolling in the hallway.
The principal was trying to figure out who was responsible for the flood.
The principal will expel Robert.
The principal will expel Ziri from school.
The principal will think about reducing Robert's punishment.
The principal's democracy made him popular among teachers and students.
The principal's voice blared over the intercom.
The principle difference between lettering and typography is that typography is based on fonts, which are static letterforms, and letter shapes formed by lettering are fluid and malleable.
The principle is the same, I think.
The principle of this textbook is based on the communicative method.
The principle should not be that whoever shouts the loudest is right.
The principle underlying democracy is the division of power.
The principles of building a German sentence differ remarkably from those of building a Russian sentence.
The principles of humanity require us to stand against these crimes of war and crimes against humanity.
The print is too small for me to read.
The print was too small.
The printer broke down.
The printer doesn't work.
The printer had a paper jam.
The printer in Peter's office is broken and doesn't print anymore.
The printer in Peter’s office is broken and doesn’t print anymore.
The printer in my office is broken.
The printer is broken.
The printer is jammed.
The printer is out of paper.
The printer is unplugged.
The printer isn't working.
The printer jammed.
The printer needs paper.
The printer ran out of ink.
The printer ran out of paper.
The printer stopped in the middle, so I only have part of his CV.
The printer's out of ink.
The printer's run out of ink.
The printer's run out of paper.
The printing business made Bill a small fortune.
The prints are hanging on my wall.
The prior Trump administration had refused to submit the Kigali amendment to the U.S. Senate. But Congress passed legislation late last year to bring the United States in line with the treaty.
The priority for most university students in the United States is clear: to move their belongings off campus as quickly as possible and set up to take classes online.
The prison escapee was quickly recaptured.
The prison guard made every prisoner write a novel.
The prison guards will strike from midnight in three days.
The prison houses male death row inmates.
The prison is heavily guarded.
The prison is overcrowded.
The prison is small.
The prison is this way, please.
The prison perimeter is denoted by a large fence.
The prison staff will likely need to force-feed Tom.
The prison was a for-profit private organization, but Tom simply called it visiting his in-laws.
The prison was my university.
The prison was overcrowded.
The prisoner asked for a piece of cake.
The prisoner asked to be released early.
The prisoner broke away from the guards who were holding him.
The prisoner denied that he had killed a policeman.
The prisoner died of natural causes one day before his scheduled release.
The prisoner died under torture.
The prisoner dug a hole under the prison wall.
The prisoner escaped from jail.
The prisoner escaped from prison.
The prisoner escaped under cover of night.
The prisoner has escaped!
The prisoner has escaped.
The prisoner has gone crazy.
The prisoner is being quiet in the cell today.
The prisoner is in chains.
The prisoner of war bore himself with great dignity.
The prisoner was behind bars for two months.
The prisoner was brought before a judge.
The prisoner was executed.
The prisoner was found guilty by the judge.
The prisoner was found guilty.
The prisoner was given his freedom.
The prisoner was pardoned by the governor.
The prisoner was released yesterday.
The prisoner was released.
The prisoner was set at liberty yesterday.
The prisoner was set at liberty.
The prisoner was set free yesterday.
The prisoner who escaped is still at large.
The prisoner who escaped two days ago is still at large.
The prisoner wore an orange jumpsuit.
The prisoner's wife burst into tears.
The prisoners are escaping!
The prisoners are in chains.
The prisoners are playing a soccer game against the guards.
The prisoners are threatening to go on a hunger strike.
The prisoners fled from the concentration camp.
The prisoners fought one another like so many mad people.
The prisoners gave a false alarm.
The prisoners have been released.
The prisoners have vanished.
The prisoners looked at one another.
The prisoners must be released.
The prisoners themselves could say nothing.
The prisoners tried to escape.
The prisoners were glad to be free again.
The prisoners were released.
The prisoners were set free.
The prisoners were treated with monstrous cruelty.
The prisoners were trying to escape.
The prisoners would have to go through yet one more hardship.
The prisoners' eyes were filled with hatred as they stared at him.
The privacy rules we used to follow just don't apply anymore.
The privacy settings on your smartphone allow this application to track your whereabouts.
The private colleges and universities of the United States are autonomous.
The private detectives accompanied the President everywhere.
The private sector is hemorrhaging, with almost all businesses making substantial layoffs.
The private sector is playing an increasingly important role in Algeria's economy.
The private sector will make an in-kind contribution.
The privateer is a licensed, the pirate an unlicensed, plunderer; but plunder, not patriotism, being, as a rule, the motive of the former, it is not perhaps surprising that, failing legitimate prey, he has sometimes adopted, to a great extent, the tactics of the latter.
The privilege is reserved exclusively for women.
The privileged have regularly invited their own destruction with their greed.
The privileges that husbands enjoy are terrible for the lover who truly loves him.
The prize is wrapped with paper.
The prize is wrong.
The prize money allowed him to buy a guitar.
The prize money allowed me to travel around the world.
The prize money enabled me to go on a world cruise.
The prize was an olive wreath.
The prize was divided equally among the ten syndicate members.
The prize went to Tom.
The prize went to him.
The prize will go to the best student.
The prize won't be given to Tom.
The prize won't be given to her.
The prize won’t be given to her.
The pro-Kurdish movement in Turkey is less Islamophobic and pro-Zionist than its counterpart in Algeria.
The pro-wrestling campaign has already begun.
The probability is high that more people will die if you don't that.
The probability is low.
The probability is, however, low.
The probability isn't zero, but it almost is.
The probability of Tom being punished is very small.
The probability of a large asteroid to hit Earth in the near future is slim.
The probability of being watched is directly proportional to the stupidity of your act.
The probability of our team winning is low.
The probability of that ever happening is vanishingly small.
The probability of that ever happening is very small.
The probability of that happening is low.
The probability of this chain of events is one in two million flights - about once every two months at current levels of air traffic.
The probability of winning is 0.001%.
The probability that it will ever happen is vanishingly small.
The probability that we may fall in the struggle ought not to deter us from the support of a cause we believe to be just; it shall not deter me.
The probability's not zero, but it almost is.
The probability, therefore, is, that the whole theory or doctrine of what is called the redemption was originally fabricated on purpose to bring forward and build all those secondary and pecuniary redemptions upon.
The probe extracted rock samples from Mars.
The probe flew off into space.
The probe inserted itself into orbit.
The probe is equipped with a microphone.
The probe is ready to be launched into space.
The probe launch was successful.
The probe returned from Mars.
The probe used a core drill to make a core sample of the moon Ganymede's crust.
The problem I'm facing today is not that I'm not able to talk with people, but that I cannot connect with them.
The problem about "the instrumentality of mankind" is being looked into by the committee.
The problem affects the prestige of our school.
The problem appears to be getting worse.
The problem appears to be worsening.
The problem at this point is that there is a problem.
The problem bears heavily on us.
The problem before us today is not a new one.
The problem before us today isn't a new one.
The problem began to assume an international character.
The problem came about as time passed.
The problem can be solved with logic.
The problem closely relates to our everyday life.
The problem consists in the fact that the child was overly indulged.
The problem continued being unsolved.
The problem continues to exist.
The problem defies solution.
The problem disappeared as if by magic.
The problem exacted a great effort to solve it.
The problem got out of hand.
The problem had to be faced.
The problem has arisen from your ignorance of the matter.
The problem has arisen simply because you didn't follow my instructions.
The problem has arisen simply because you didn’t follow my instructions.
The problem has become more complex.
The problem has been resolved.
The problem has been solved.
The problem has come to the fore again.
The problem has more to do with you than with me.
The problem has to be taken care of.
The problem has worsened.
The problem here isn't Tom.
The problem here isn't her.
The problem here isn't him.
The problem here isn't me.
The problem here isn't them.
The problem here isn't you.
The problem is I don't have much time.
The problem is I don't have time for it.
The problem is I don't know where my umbrella is.
The problem is I don't remember where I parked my car.
The problem is I keep thinking about how Tom treated me before.
The problem is I still don't know if I can trust you.
The problem is Mr. Bark, the man whose secretary is away.
The problem is Tom didn't do what he said he'd do.
The problem is Tom didn't know what to do.
The problem is Tom never does what he's told to do.
The problem is Tom's complete unwillingness to negotiate.
The problem is Tom's.
The problem is Tom.
The problem is a lack of money.
The problem is all parents wants their children to go to Harvard.
The problem is as good as settled.
The problem is being discussed by them.
The problem is being discussed now.
The problem is beyond my grasp.
The problem is beyond my power.
The problem is beyond the scope of my understanding.
The problem is clear to the Italian public.
The problem is complex.
The problem is complicated by his personality.
The problem is difficult to solve.
The problem is everybody's too afraid to speak to Tom.
The problem is far from easy.
The problem is far more complicated.
The problem is finding Tom.
The problem is getting serious.
The problem is going to be much more difficult to solve than we originally thought.
The problem is going to get worse before it gets better.
The problem is gone.
The problem is her.
The problem is hers.
The problem is him.
The problem is his.
The problem is how to manage this money.
The problem is how to raise the funds.
The problem is how we cope with the present difficulties.
The problem is how we should manage the money.
The problem is huge.
The problem is important on that account.
The problem is in that it's too expensive.
The problem is in that it’s too expensive.
The problem is in that we don't have enough money.
The problem is in that we don’t have enough money.
The problem is in the motor.
The problem is just choosing one.
The problem is me.
The problem is never bigoted idiots. It's bigoted idiots with power.
The problem is not Tom.
The problem is not as simple as it might seem at first sight.
The problem is not insurmountable.
The problem is not settled yet.
The problem is not so much the cost as the time.
The problem is not solved.
The problem is not that Putin is smart, which of course he's smart, but the real problem is that our leaders are dumb.
The problem is not that Vietnamese are eating large amounts of candy and ice cream. Instead, they’re buying products like fruit juices and yogurt, not realizing that all the added sugar may outweigh the health benefits of the fruit.
The problem is not that they do not talk about me, the problem is that they do not talk WITH me.
The problem is not this.
The problem is not what he said, but how he said it.
The problem is not worth consideration.
The problem is one of determining the dominant factors in this phenomenon.
The problem is one of interpreting these ancient scriptures.
The problem is outside my field.
The problem is perceptual.
The problem is prevalent.
The problem is recursive.
The problem is right in front of you.
The problem is solved.
The problem is still waiting to be solved.
The problem is that I don't have any money on me.
The problem is that I don't have any money.
The problem is that I don't have enough money.
The problem is that I don't have time for that.
The problem is that I don't remember where I parked my car.
The problem is that I don't remember where I've parked my car.
The problem is that I have a reason to trust a computer more than myself.
The problem is that I have no money on me.
The problem is that I'm afraid I've fallen in love with him.
The problem is that Mary didn't get to do what she wanted to do.
The problem is that Mary thinks she's better than Tom.
The problem is that Nancy doesn't go to the club meetings.
The problem is that Nancy doesn’t go to the club meetings.
The problem is that Tom and Mary are just as scared as I am.
The problem is that Tom and Mary aren't good drivers.
The problem is that Tom and Mary aren't very good teachers.
The problem is that Tom and Mary didn't get to do what they wanted to do.
The problem is that Tom and Mary don't have any money.
The problem is that Tom and Mary don't know how to speak French.
The problem is that Tom and Mary have no alibis for the night of the murder.
The problem is that Tom and Mary think they're better than John.
The problem is that Tom can't do that.
The problem is that Tom didn't do what he said he'd do.
The problem is that Tom didn't get to do what he wanted to do.
The problem is that Tom doesn't always do his homework.
The problem is that Tom doesn't get along with Mary.
The problem is that Tom doesn't have any money.
The problem is that Tom doesn't know how to speak French.
The problem is that Tom doesn't pay his bills on time.
The problem is that Tom doesn't want to sit near Mary.
The problem is that Tom doesn't want to sit next to Mary.
The problem is that Tom doesn’t know how to speak French.
The problem is that Tom doesn’t want to sit next to Mary.
The problem is that Tom has no alibi for the night of the murder.
The problem is that Tom has no friends he can talk to about his problems.
The problem is that Tom is just as scared as I am.
The problem is that Tom isn't a good driver.
The problem is that Tom isn't a very good teacher.
The problem is that Tom isn’t a good driver.
The problem is that Tom isn’t a very good teacher.
The problem is that Tom never does what he's told to do.
The problem is that Tom thinks he's better than Mary.
The problem is that Tom thinks that he's better than Mary.
The problem is that Tom won't do that.
The problem is that boy never does what he is told to do.
The problem is that everybody is too scared to talk to Tom.
The problem is that everyone is too scared to talk to Tom.
The problem is that he hasn't got any money.
The problem is that he is penniless.
The problem is that irreligion and secular values are being forced on people of faith.
The problem is that it happened, not that Tom talked about it.
The problem is that it wouldn’t work!
The problem is that it's too far away.
The problem is that it's very expensive.
The problem is that my son doesn't want to go to school.
The problem is that my son doesn’t want to go to school.
The problem is that our car will not be available on that day.
The problem is that people think we don't know what we're doing.
The problem is that professors use their classrooms as political soap boxes to proselytize their views.
The problem is that religion tends to give people bad reasons to be good.
The problem is that she doesn't have experience.
The problem is that she is inexperienced.
The problem is that solar energy costs too much.
The problem is that solar energy is too expensive.
The problem is that solar energy just costs too much.
The problem is that solar power is too expensive.
The problem is that some of our bills haven't yet been paid.
The problem is that that boy never does what he is told to do.
The problem is that that circuit is in series.
The problem is that the baby cries all night.
The problem is that the money is not of such importance as the time.
The problem is that there is no problem when there should've been one.
The problem is that they only think about themselves.
The problem is that they won't be punished.
The problem is that we don't all agree.
The problem is that we don't have a lot of money.
The problem is that we don't have any money.
The problem is that we don't have enough food.
The problem is that we don't have enough money.
The problem is that we don't have enough time.
The problem is that we don't have enough water.
The problem is that we don't have much money.
The problem is that we don't know if we can trust Tom or not.
The problem is that we don't know where Tom and Mary are.
The problem is that we don't know where Tom is.
The problem is that we don't know whether we can trust Tom or not.
The problem is that we don’t have a lot of money.
The problem is that we don’t have enough money.
The problem is that we have little money.
The problem is that we have no money.
The problem is that we haven't got much money.
The problem is that we lack money.
The problem is that we're not sure how much money Tom will need.
The problem is that you are too young.
The problem is that you're not Canadians.
The problem is that you're not cooperating.
The problem is that you're not patient enough.
The problem is that you're too young.
The problem is the economy.
The problem is the opposite.
The problem is theirs.
The problem is them.
The problem is these shoes don't fit very well.
The problem is too difficult to solve.
The problem is too important to try to solve it immediately and thoughtlessly.
The problem is too important to try to solve it with a phone conversation.
The problem is tractable.
The problem is us.
The problem is we can't use our car on that day.
The problem is we don't have any money.
The problem is we don't have enough information yet.
The problem is we don't have enough money to complete the project.
The problem is we don't have enough money to pay all of our bills this month.
The problem is we don't have enough money.
The problem is we don't have much time.
The problem is we don't have the money.
The problem is we don't know anything about that.
The problem is we don't know anything.
The problem is we don't know where Tom and Mary are.
The problem is we don't know where Tom is.
The problem is we don't know who Tom and Mary are.
The problem is we don't know who Tom is.
The problem is we don’t have enough money.
The problem is we're not sure Tom can do the job.
The problem is what Tom does when we aren't here.
The problem is what to do next.
The problem is what we should do with this money.
The problem is whether my parents will agree or not.
The problem is whether or not my parents will agree.
The problem is whether the plan will work.
The problem is whether you can follow her English.
The problem is who is going to tell him the truth.
The problem is who's going to tell Tom the truth.
The problem is with them, not with me!
The problem is worse than I thought.
The problem is worse than we thought it was.
The problem is worse.
The problem is worthy of being remembered.
The problem is you're not Canadian.
The problem is you're not patient enough.
The problem is you.
The problem is your behaviour.
The problem is your lack of patience.
The problem is, I don't have anything to say to him.
The problem is, he has no money.
The problem isn't Tom.
The problem isn't a lack of money, food, water or land. The problem is that you've given control of these things to a group of greedy psychopaths who care more about maintaining their own power than helping mankind.
The problem isn't her.
The problem isn't him.
The problem isn't insurmountable.
The problem isn't me.
The problem isn't new.
The problem isn't ours.
The problem isn't settled yet.
The problem isn't so much the cost as the time.
The problem isn't so much the money as it is the time.
The problem isn't that 5% of Russians are gay, but that 95% are faggots.
The problem isn't that you forgot to do it, but you're always forgetting to do things.
The problem isn't that.
The problem isn't them.
The problem isn't us.
The problem isn't worth consideration.
The problem isn't you.
The problem isn’t so much the money as it is the time.
The problem just keeps getting worse.
The problem lies in the fact that the necessary gap is bridged by perception.
The problem must be dealt with immediately.
The problem needs to be taken care of.
The problem of Western Sahara must be solved.
The problem of faith brings us to the Thirties and the Western love affair with communism.
The problem of faith brings us to the Thirties and the Western love-affair with communism.
The problem of interstellar travel was so enthralling that it sometimes became an obsession even to a fairly well-developed Utopian world. This could only occur if in the constitution of that world there was something unwholesome, some secret and unfulfilled hunger impelling the beings. The race might then become travel-mad.
The problem of poverty is growing worldwide.
The problem of radioactive waste remains unresolved.
The problem of the slow progress in the Space Age is not just about money. We simply do not have the proper technologies. Granted, in the last few decades, thousands of exoplanets have been detected and discovered, but previously, the concept seemed only science fiction. The slow progress is in putting humans in deep space.
The problem perplexed Tom.
The problem perplexed him.
The problem puzzled the public.
The problem quoted isn't one, but there are problems in the reading section that ask you to distinguish relative pronouns from relative adverbs.
The problem quoted isn’t one, but there are problems in the reading section that ask you to distinguish relative pronouns from relative adverbs.
The problem remains to be solved.
The problem remains unsolved.
The problem resolved itself.
The problem resurfaced.
The problem seems to have corrected itself.
The problem should be solved by now.
The problem should be solved.
The problem should not be allowed to fester.
The problem started yesterday evening.
The problem starts tomorrow.
The problem stayed unsolved.
The problem still hasn't been solved.
The problem still remains to be solved.
The problem still remains unsolved.
The problem tortured the chief.
The problem was I couldn't sing or dance.
The problem was I couldn't speak French.
The problem was I didn't know Tom couldn't swim.
The problem was I didn't know Tom was dating Mary.
The problem was I didn't know who Tom and Mary were.
The problem was I didn't know who Tom was.
The problem was aggravated by a lack of communication.
The problem was being discussed by the committee.
The problem was beset with difficulties.
The problem was beyond me.
The problem was beyond my reach.
The problem was difficult to solve.
The problem was easier to solve than I expected.
The problem was how to drive quickly and safely to the house.
The problem was money.
The problem was more complex than we first thought it would be.
The problem was on my end.
The problem was on their end.
The problem was quite intricate.
The problem was so difficult that I could not solve it.
The problem was so difficult that I couldn't solve it.
The problem was solved.
The problem was that I had nothing to say to him.
The problem was that Tom wanted everything for himself.
The problem was that he only had hunches.
The problem was that we didn't know how to do that.
The problem was the death of me.
The problem was time.
The problem was too big to ignore.
The problem was too complicated for me to solve.
The problem was too difficult for me to solve.
The problem was too difficult for us to solve without help.
The problem was too much for me.
The problem was under discussion.
The problem was very difficult.
The problem was we couldn't find a place to park.
The problem was we didn't have enough time.
The problem was we didn't know how to do that.
The problem was where to eat lunch.
The problem was where to set up the tent.
The problem wasn't a problem any longer.
The problem will be easier to solve if you write the system of equations as a matrix.
The problem will be on the carpet at the next meeting.
The problem will be solved soon.
The problem will continue to happen.
The problem will eventually solve itself.
The problem will only get worse.
The problem will resolve itself eventually.
The problem will soon be dealt with.
The problem with Western secularism is it's too Christian.
The problem with capitalism is eventually you run out of other people's labor.
The problem with capitalism is that you eventually run out of other people's labor.
The problem with capitalism is the people responsible for the world's problems end up becoming the ones with the power and resources necessary to end them.
The problem with closed-minded people is that they always have their mouths open.
The problem with documentaries is people watch them and think they're telling the truth, without verifying the information themselves.
The problem with eggs is that they break easily.
The problem with fascism, at least in Nazi Germany, is that it promised easy solutions to complicated problems.
The problem with fundamentalists insisting on a literal interpretation of the Bible is that the meaning of words change. A prime example is 'Spare the rod, spoil the child'. A rod was a stick used by shepherds to guide their sheep to go in the desired direction. Shepherds did not use it to beat their sheep. The proper translation of the saying is 'Give your child guidance, or they will go astray.' It does not mean 'Beat the shit out of your child or he will become rotten', as many fundamentalist parents seem to believe.
The problem with heaven is there's no variety.
The problem with him is that he's seldom on time.
The problem with many Europeans is that they do not meditate. Their minds are messy.
The problem with many language teachers is that they don't sufficiently incorporate new technologies into their teaching methods.
The problem with many language teachers is that they underrate new technologies in their teaching methods.
The problem with many things is the pre-conceived ideas we have about them!
The problem with modern society is a lack of exercise.
The problem with monarchy is you're liable to end up with a king who believes in homeopathy.
The problem with online newspapers is that you can't make papier-mâché out of them.
The problem with online newspapers is that you can’t make paper machÃ© out of them.
The problem with our plan is not so much the cost as it is the time required.
The problem with quotes on the Internet is that it is hard to verify their authenticity.
The problem with that error is twofold.
The problem with the Swedish animation industry is that it is, by and large, nonexistent.
The problem with the defense attorney's case is that the accused doesn't have an alibi.
The problem with the electrical grid caused a temporary blackout in the area.
The problem with the neighbor's kids is that they're always noisy late at night.
The problem with the open ocean is that you don't really know whether there's something lying in wait beneath your boat.
The problem with the world is that the intelligent people are full of doubts, while the stupid ones are full of confidence.
The problem with this movie is that the violent scenes and the funny scenes are mixed together.
The problem with this product is that nobody will buy it.
The problem with this virus is when it gets to your lungs because it attacks them aggressively and causes a very serious pneumonia with an extremely high percentage of death.
The problem with windowpanes is that they break easily.
The problem with windowpanes is they break easily.
The problem with you is that you talk too much.
The problem with you people is that you're too politically correct.
The problem with young people is that they're always impatient.
The problem's a little more complicated than that.
The problem's been solved.
The problem's being looked into as I speak.
The problem's not on our end.
The problem, she says, is that our bodies are not built to tell us when enough is enough.
The problems and disorder are over.
The problems are back.
The problems are easier than those I did yesterday.
The problems are easier than those I solved yesterday.
The problems are inherent in this system.
The problems are more than we can bear.
The problems are not going away. They're constantly growing.
The problems are solved.
The problems are too numerous to mention.
The problems have accumulated.
The problems have multiplied.
The problems listed have already been fixed.
The problems of air and water pollution will be intensified by the growth of inhabitants.
The problems of life.
The problems of our age require new thinking.
The problems plaguing millennials are the result of economic decisions made in the late '70s and early '80s, according to sociologist David Grusky, director of the Center on Poverty and Inequality at Stanford University.
The problems started at that time.
The problems started then.
The problems that exist in the world today cannot be solved by the level of thinking that created them.
The problems we had last time are solved.
The problems with Tom accumulated. He had to be fired.
The problems won't be solved within the current parliament's term.
The procedure cannot be canceled.
The procedure is called catheter ablation because it burns off a small amount of heart muscle.
The procedure is painless.
The procedure is the same.
The procedure must be executed correctly and completely.
The procedure was quickly done.
The proceeds are sent to charitable trust funds established in offshore tax havens.
The proceeds from the bond issue will be used to finance the budget deficit.
The process by which substances are turned directly from a solid state into a gas is called sublimation.
The process can take years.
The process can't be reversed.
The process has already begun.
The process has already started.
The process has in general been Kafkaesque and demoralizing.
The process is all done by robots.
The process is important.
The process is ongoing.
The process is simple.
The process is totally automated.
The process is very complex by itself.
The process is very complicated.
The process isn't perfect.
The process itself is very complicated.
The process of artistic creation isn't necessarily akin to factory production.
The process of creating a “tribunal for Putin” has been launched.
The process of getting a job is all about connections.
The process of getting a job is all about who you know.
The process of getting his security clearance took several months.
The process of giving birth is very painful.
The process of learning never stops.
The process of letting medlars to ripen is called bletting.
The process of letting medlars to soften and become edible is called bletting.
The process of reading the tarot is a very complex one.
The process of stem cell activation is the same as seen in embryos to stimulate organ growth, according to gerontology professor Valter Longo, the director of USC's Longevity Institute and senior author of both studies. He said the fasting-mimicking diet can be used to reprogram cells without any genetic alterations.
The process to reexamine one’s work is tedious, she said, but necessary to correct the error, which other papers reprinted.
The process took several weeks.
The process was pretty clear.
The process was quick.
The process was repeated.
The process was stopped by Elias.
The process will be messy.
The processes of thought and speech are inextricably linked.
The processing facility is in Algiers.
The processing techniques for oolong tea are intricate and require skillful craftsmanship.
The procession always passes through the town's oldest streets.
The procession proceeded to the burial site.
The procession will make its start at the central square.
The procrastination train has no brakes.
The prodigal son is back.
The prodigal son returned home.
The prodigy and the monster have the same roots.
The producer was Tom Jackson.
The producers hired a team of writers just to patch up the show's continuity, lest they get letters from...those people.
The producers hired a team of writers just to patch up the show’s continuity, lest they get letters from...those people.
The producers insisted on two car chases, not one.
The producers insisted that I add a sex scene to the film.
The producers of Spanish strawberries divert water from natural reserves.
The product carries a high price tag.
The product is good.
The product is guaranteed to be free from defects.
The product is not available.
The product is sterilized and aseptically packed.
The product is vacuum-sealed to keep it fresh.
The product launch was a disaster.
The product line also features products with other starches, such as rice or potatoes.
The product may contain trace amounts of nuts and gluten.
The product of two negative numbers is positive.
The product page lists the key features.
The product should be used according to the instructions for use.
The product should not be reprocessed.
The product was damaged.
The product was discontinued after one year.
The product was mislabelled.
The product was not taken out of the box.
The production cost of corn has risen by 40%.
The production department cannot grow any further in its current office.
The production has visual appeal for the audience.
The production is a visual treat for the audience.
The production is a visual treat for viewers.
The production of metal ingots requires less water than that of animal fillets or agricultural products.
The production of perfectly clean water is hugely difficult.
The production of proteins requires DNA, but the production of DNA requires proteins.
The production of the automobile started in the 1980.
The production of this car began in the year 1980.
The production of vegetables is growing in our area.
The production team chose Morocco to film a wildly dangerous motorcycle chase on a curvy mountain road.
The production was believed to be jinxed as every actor playing the lead role has fallen ill.
The production was halted after a horse fled from the glue factory.
The products are sold on a world scale.
The products are subject to stringent traceability rules.
The products flew off the shelves.
The products on the top shelf cost the most.
The products sold like hotcakes.
The products they're selling are worthless.
The products, even those claiming to have so-called "natural" components, can contain mercury, hydroquinone or caustic agents like sodium hydroxide.
The profane language used on network television makes many parents with young children not want to subscribe to cable.
The profession is attractive to women.
The profession is complex.
The professional skier liked to "hot-dog" down the mountain.
The professional wrestling organization World Wrestling Entertainment, or WWE, has been deemed an "essential business" in Florida.
The professor I was arguing with finally conceded and said I was right.
The professor always teaches in jeans and a shirt.
The professor assigned the recitation sections to the teaching assistants.
The professor briefly and clearly described the topic of his study.
The professor briefly and succinctly described the topic of his study.
The professor calmly washed his hands.
The professor carefully prepared the materials for the lecture, down to the smallest ancillary page.
The professor didn't keep his word.
The professor dismissed his ideas.
The professor drinks coffee with Mary.
The professor encouraged me in my studies.
The professor gave a lecture on the Middle East.
The professor gave a presentation on the history of France.
The professor gave me a warning for being distracted.
The professor grinned.
The professor had a reputation for being a particularly mean marker who revelled in the despair of his students.
The professor has office hours every Tuesday afternoon.
The professor is a friend of Mary's.
The professor is always hinting at a disturbing future.
The professor is familiar with contemporary literature.
The professor is in Japan on sabbatical leave.
The professor is in front of the board.
The professor is making a phone call.
The professor is noted for his study of Shakespeare.
The professor is on the phone.
The professor is pleased.
The professor is reading a book.
The professor lectured on French history.
The professor made sure the test was checked carefully.
The professor made us repeat the word.
The professor makes us clean the piece.
The professor must understand his students.
The professor now allows the students to criticize.
The professor ordered some new books from New York.
The professor praised her for her excellent presentation.
The professor provided an insightful analysis of the current economic climate.
The professor put me to sleep with all of his talk.
The professor rejected me for personal reasons!
The professor requires excellent work of his students.
The professor sat in a rotating chair behind a broad table, which was covered with books, maps, and diagrams.
The professor saw somebody copying on the test.
The professor saw someone copying on the test.
The professor scolded John for skipping class.
The professor scolded me for my tardiness, yet he said nary a word when his favorite student showed up ten minutes after I arrived.
The professor seemed to be lost in thought.
The professor smiled a little.
The professor smiled slightly.
The professor smiled.
The professor solved the problem at last.
The professor spoke too fast for anyone to understand him.
The professor spoke too fast for anyone to understand.
The professor teaches Czech.
The professor teaches English conversation.
The professor that took the floor is from the University of Bucharest.
The professor thought it rude to say such a thing.
The professor treated her as one of his students.
The professor tried to stimulate interest in archeology by taking her students on expeditions.
The professor warned his students against cherry-picking the data to support their preconceptions.
The professor was criticized by the students.
The professor was famous for his abstemious meals.
The professor was lost in thought.
The professor was unable to comprehend what I meant.
The professor was very strict on Santiago.
The professor who invented it has the right to reasonable remuneration from the university.
The professor will be presenting part 2 of his lecture on Artificial Intelligence next Wednesday at 16:00.
The professor with whom I had lunch is named Peter.
The professor's boring lecture put me to sleep.
The professor's diatribe on the importance of academic integrity left the students feeling both informed and chastised.
The professor's preliminary comments were long, but he was headed somewhere.
The professor's speech was full of humor.
The professor's speech was full of humour.
The professors can make mistakes, too.
The professors had a spat.
The professor’s boring lecture put me to sleep.
The professor’s speech was full of humor.
The profit from drugs they used for buying lots of real estate.
The profit will amount to three million dollars.
The profits can be enormous.
The profits exceeded all our expectations.
The profits were very high.
The profligacy that made him the most popular boy in his set eventually led to his family abruptly calling him home.
The progenitor of the human race was named Tom.
The prognosis does not look favorable.
The prognosis is alarming.
The prognosis is disappointing.
The prognosis is mild.
The prognosis is not good.
The prognosis was dire.
The program admits of some improvement.
The program allows pre-tax deduction of the cost of a monthly transit pass.
The program costs $54,400 for the 32 classes required to earn a bachelor’s degree—relatively cheap even compared with costs at many public institutions, not to mention one from Harvard College.
The program could not be compiled, due to a syntax error.
The program crashes randomly.
The program detected a large number of viruses.
The program does not allow for changes at this point in time.
The program ended at 7:00 p.m.
The program for the convention is extraordinarily rich. There are generally four or five lectures taking place at the same time.
The program gained official accreditation.
The program gets upgraded regularly.
The program had been studied in detail.
The program has been postponed again.
The program has made Jessica famous for her absent-minded, unintentional humor.
The program is accredited.
The program is buggy.
The program is free.
The program is in its 60th year, and in addition to serving kids by phone it includes a website that shows Santa’s location along with constantly updating statistics about his trip.
The program is intended for working adults with years of work experience.
The program is on the air.
The program is prepared, it continues.
The program lacks proper accreditation.
The program sets the terms for project development and implementation.
The program should have started by now, so we'll probably miss the first half.
The program should have started by now, so we’ll probably miss the first half.
The program soon ended.
The program started installing.
The program starts at nine o'clock.
The program starts at nine o’clock.
The program was a complete disaster.
The program was broadcast over the radio yesterday.
The program was implemented under the auspices of a respected educational institution.
The program was programmed by programmers.
The program will be aired on an Algerian private TV channel.
The program will be held at Bangladesh Shilpakala Academy.
The program will be on the air before long.
The program will finish with the national anthem.
The program's director says the goal is to link the world's widely dispersed ocean buoys, weather stations, satellites and other Earth observation instruments into one seamless system.
The program's memory management was so inefficient that it actually damaged the RAM somehow!
The programme ended at 7.00 p.m.
The programme is being broadcast.
The programme is broadcast fortnightly.
The programme is on every fortnight.
The programme is on every other week.
The programme is on now.
The programme is on the air.
The programme is over.
The programme was broadcast on the radio yesterday.
The programme was on from two till five.
The programme was on the radio yesterday.
The programmer couldn’t find the bug.
The programmer fixed the bug.
The programmer found the bug.
The programmer is fixing a technical problem with the computer server.
The programmers could not find the cause of the bug.
The programmers worked on the conversion to HTML5.
The programming language Java is highly versatile.
The program’s memory management was so inefficient that it actually damaged the RAM somehow!
The progress AI has already made in language learning is simply spectacular.
The progress Tom has made is amazing.
The progress achieved is hardly noticeable.
The progress bars indicate how far each language is in the process of website localization and sentence collection.
The progress is slow for such things as space exploration, space travel, teleportation, cure for the common cold, cure for cancer, and other wishful things, because we currently rely on human knowledge and human intelligence. Wait until smarter-than-human machine intelligence arises, then the progress may accelerate. The future at this moment may be unimaginable.
The progress of civilization is very rapid.
The progress of science has brought about great change in our lives.
The progress of this pupil is satisfactory.
The progress realised in the German chemical trade is well known, and it is only too badly felt in Scotland and Northumberland; while the reports on the German iron and steel industries which one finds in the publications of the Iron and Steel Institute and in the inquiry which was made by the British Iron Trade Association show how formidably the production of pig-iron and of finished iron has grown in Germany since 1871.
The progress that you've made is impressive.
The progress wasn't quick enough.
The project Donald is working on is a hit.
The project apparently has the support of the local population.
The project began at a snail's pace.
The project began terribly.
The project began to stagnate without effective leadership.
The project came to a screeching halt, mid-July.
The project can get underway only with difficulty.
The project collects DNA samples and analyzes chromosomal locations, known as loci, to identify and catalog genetic similarities and differences in human beings.
The project didn't get past the design stage.
The project didn't make it past the design stage.
The project encountered an obstacle.
The project envisions a future where human explorers can bring a compact habitat built out of a lightweight material with dormant fungi that will last on long journeys to places like Mars. Upon arrival, by unfolding that basic structure and simply adding water, the fungi will be able to grow around that framework into a fully functional human habitat – all while being safely contained within the habitat to avoid contaminating the Martian environment.
The project faced a setback.
The project failed.
The project flourished under the auspices of an experienced project manager.
The project had to be put on hold for six whole months.
The project has been discontinued.
The project has been on hold ever since.
The project has been such a success that it led to the creation of Russia's largest systems integrator, which now employs many of the program's graduates.
The project has not yet been completed.
The project has proved thornier than we hoped.
The project has to be finished by the end of the week at the latest.
The project is a community initiative.
The project is a threatened species reintroduction project. We are aiming at eradicating feral animals, predators particularly — cats and foxes — from a large landscape. We will be working with local Indigenous communities to achieve that eradication. We will be then reintroducing a whole range of Australian endangered mammal species that have disappeared from this landscape completely.
The project is ahead of schedule.
The project is behind schedule and over budget.
The project is behind schedule.
The project is being discussed at the moment.
The project is being discussed.
The project is close to being finished.
The project is entirely financed by the Algerian government.
The project is going better than expected, given the difficulty of the task at hand.
The project is massive.
The project is more than two years behind schedule.
The project is not going well.
The project is now defunct.
The project is now in progress.
The project is on schedule.
The project is ongoing.
The project is over budget and unnecessary. It is a complete boondoggle.
The project is part of a research initiative to see which plants are best suited for rooftop environments, both for food as well as pollination. They include hibiscus, strawberries, tomatoes and sweet potatoes.
The project is progressing as expected.
The project is still ongoing.
The project is taking shape.
The project is under discussion.
The project is underway.
The project is well-planned and interesting, but its immediate impact on the bottom line is not considered substantial.
The project isn't going well.
The project manager did nothing to help us.
The project promised different advantages.
The project requires a great deal of money.
The project requires lots of money.
The project should be completed in 2018.
The project soon wrapped.
The project started to disintegrate from 2004.
The project suffered a delay.
The project that was submitted to popular opinion drew a lot of attention.
The project to build a new sports center has fallen through for lack of adequate funds.
The project took a hit when funding was lost.
The project took over three years to complete.
The project was a complete failure.
The project was a failure, but it did pave the way for the success of later efforts.
The project was a great success.
The project was a joint effort by students from three different classes.
The project was a loser from the start.
The project was a success.
The project was aborted.
The project was completed ahead of schedule.
The project was delivered on time and only slightly above budget.
The project was discontinued.
The project was done.
The project was duly executed.
The project was financed through public means.
The project was finished on time and on budget.
The project was finished on time and under budget.
The project was finished on time.
The project was impossible to achieve.
The project was impossibly difficult to achieve.
The project was never completed.
The project was nipped in the bud.
The project was not finished on time and on budget.
The project was not finished on time.
The project was plagued by uncertainties from the very beginning, and the team could not draw any decisive conclusions.
The project was short-lived.
The project was successful in the sense that it drew the attention of everyone.
The project was supposed to be done yesterday. If any of you ever miss a deadline again, heads will roll!
The project wasn't finished on time.
The project we're talking about here is very up-to-date.
The project will also develop systems that could be used for people to explore the solar system.
The project will be completed in less than three years.
The project will entail great expense upon the company.
The project will help the administration meet its goal of generating 30 gigawatts of energy from offshore wind by 2030.
The project will require 2000 man-hours to complete.
The project will start soon, so watch out for it.
The project wrapped.
The project's results are not positive.
The project's taking shape.
The project, in short, was a failure.
The projector doesn't work.
The projector turned off.
The proletarians have nothing to lose but their chains.
The proletarians lose nothing in this revolution but their chains.
The proletariat has nothing to lose but its chains.
The proliferation of Internet usage has given birth to a new generation of young people.
The prolific author wrote over 30 books and had more than a million followers on Facebook, according to her website.
The prolonged drought did severe damage to crops.
The prom was an absolute disaster.
The promenade is parallel to the shore.
The promenade runs parallel to the shore.
The prominent physician was invested doctor honoris causa.
The prominent poet attempted to commit suicide in her study.
The prominent poet attempted to commit suicide in his study.
The prominent psychologist resembles my uncle in appearance.
The promise I made then still holds.
The promise I made to you last week still holds true.
The promise of Webb is not what we know we will discover; it’s what we don’t yet understand or can’t yet fathom about our universe. I can’t wait to see what it uncovers!
The promise of a better life brought Sami to Canada.
The promise still holds.
The promise to return several Benin Bronzes from three Western institutions to the former Kingdom of Benin in Nigeria was celebrated by many.
The promises he makes cause skepticism to arise.
The promises of peace revived hope in the hearts of the inhabitants.
The promo photos are pretty good, but the video teaser looks outdated.
The promotion of a piece to a king is indicated by setting on it another piece of the same color.
The pronominal suffixes produce no change, because they are merely enclitic pronouns and have no accent.
The pronoun "hen" has been approved in Sweden.
The pronunciation guide now has about 5,000 names in it, spelled phonetically and then pronounced in an audio file.
The pronunciation is as follows:
The pronunciation of German is not very complicated.
The proof Tom provided was unconvincing.
The proof came when genetic tests came back from a Harvard lab, confirming that the silver boa was in fact a different species that—just like Darwin's Finches on the Galápagos islands—had been evolving in isolation for several million years.
The proof is in the pudding.
The proof is intuitive.
The proof is irrefutable.
The proof is left as an exercise to the reader.
The proof is left to the reader.
The proof is trivial and left to the reader.
The proof is trivial.
The proof of the futility of harsh drug laws is this: in the country that has come down the hardest on drugs and drug users, spending billions of dollars in a decades-long war on drugs, there have never been so many drug addicts.
The proof of the pudding is in the eating.
The proofs are overwhelming.
The propaganda about a "multipolar world" is just meant to get people not to look at the simple reality that Russia is engaged in a war of extermination against Ukrainians.
The propagandist's purpose is to make one set of people forget that certain other sets of people are human.
The propagandistic radio station disseminated lies and half-truths about how great America was.
The propagandist’s purpose is to make one set of people forget that certain other sets of people are human.
The propagation of the HIV virus is progressing at a dreadful rate.
The propeller acts like a rotating wing creating a lift force by moving through the air.
The proper way isn't always the best way.
The proper words in the proper places are the true definition of style.
The property has been sold.
The property is mine.
The property is vacant.
The property left him by his father enables him to live in comfort.
The property must have been nearly a thousand acres all told.
The property passed from father to son.
The property was almost completely overgrown with wild blackberry bushes.
The property was divided equally among the heirs.
The property was left completely flooded for three days.
The property was purchased with laundered political money.
The property was stolen.
The property was vacant.
The prophecy came to pass.
The prophecy came true.
The prophecy is fulfilled.
The prophet Elijah went to heaven in a chariot of fire.
The prophet Muhammad died in Medina in 632.
The prophet Zephaniah was the great-great-grandson of King Hezekiah.
The prophet contemplated the starry sky, looking to decipher the secrets of the universe.
The prophet had a vision.
The prophet's answer disappointed the woman.
The prophets foretold the coming of the Messiah.
The proportion between carbonic acid gained and oxygen lost, CO₂/O₂ is termed the "respiratory quotient."
The proportion of girls to boys in our class is three to two.
The proportion of ozone increases sharply.
The proportion of people who smoke increased in the last ten years.
The proportion of single-person households has increased steadily in the past few years.
The proportion of sugar used for making cherry pie will, of course, need to be varied according to the sourness of the cherries used.
The proportion of sunny days to rainy days last month was 4 to 1.
The proportion of the world's population speaking English as a first language is declining, and will continue to do so.
The proportions of people who are very sick differ by race.
The proportions were all wrong.
The proposal came up last week.
The proposal has its good points as well as its bad ones.
The proposal has not been fully agreed upon. I propose to simplify it.
The proposal he made yesterday is now under consideration.
The proposal is accepted.
The proposal is good.
The proposal met with opposition.
The proposal to introduce vegetarian meals into school lunchrooms was rejected.
The proposal was adopted.
The proposal was broadly welcomed.
The proposal was formally accepted at a plenary session of the association.
The proposal was generally welcomed.
The proposal was given the go-ahead.
The proposal was given the nod.
The proposal was given the thumbs up.
The proposal was met with general approval.
The proposal was rejected.
The proposal went through.
The proposed building site has yet to be approved by the city council.
The proposed directive seeks to drastically lower CO2 emissions by 2030.
The proposed directive seeks to lower CO2 emissions drastically by 2030.
The proposed law has several flaws.
The proposed law has significant flaws.
The proposed law is fundamentally flawed.
The proposed law is significantly flawed.
The proposed law is very flawed.
The proposed law triggered a storm of outrage.
The proposed law would offer amnesty for minor offenses.
The proposed legislation runs roughshod over at least three amendments to the constitution.
The proposed method is applied to three case studies in simulation.
The proposed method is applied to three simulated case studies.
The proposed methodology is applied to three case studies in simulation.
The proposed methodology is applied to three simulated case studies.
The proposed term didn't suit Tom.
The proprietor of the store worked at the head of his employees.
The prosaic materialism of the majority condemns as madness the flashes of super-sight which penetrate the common veil of obvious empiricism.
The prose of everyday life can be very sobering.
The prosecuting attorney can't prove that somebody else didn't do it.
The prosecution asked for another adjournment when the seven failed to show up in court for the scheduled hearings, but the judges denied the request.
The prosecution called thirteen witnesses.
The prosecution condemned the defendant for kidnapping a child.
The prosecution could not prove which of the twins had committed the crime.
The prosecution offered a plea deal.
The prosecution rests, your honor.
The prosecutor agreed not to press charges in exchange for a hundred hours of community service.
The prosecutor appealed the sentence.
The prosecutor appealed the verdict.
The prosecutor asked me a leading question.
The prosecutor can use that against Tom.
The prosecutor could use that against Tom.
The prosecutor demanded a three-year prison sentence for the accused.
The prosecutor had called for fifteen years of imprisonment.
The prosecutor had called for fifteen years' imprisonment.
The prosecutor will likely use that against Tom.
The prosecutor withheld exculpatory evidence.
The prosecutor's office fabricated this criminal case.
The prosecutor's office launched an investigation.
The prosecutors at Yanni's trial made things clear: Yanni was the killer.
The prosecutors pressed the suspect for an answer.
The prospect is still distant.
The prospect of a first date fills Mary with giddiness.
The prospect of a populist being elect president unnerved the big companies that had carefully groomed a network of lobbyists and party leaders for decades.
The prospect of famine hangs over many areas of the world.
The prospect of meeting his favorite author left William trembling with excitement.
The prospect of spending a whole day with him excited me.
The prospect was almost enough to daunt her.
The prospectors found a petroleum field.
The prospects aren't very bright.
The prospects for Japan's future look dismal.
The prospects for Japan’s future look dismal.
The prospects for his career at the company are not quite promising.
The prospects for our victory are excellent.
The prospects of Zimbabwe facing hunger in the coming months are high, as stocks dwindle and donors ignore calls for more aid.
The prosperity gospel is a sabotage against Christianity.
The prosperity of a country depends more or less on its citizens.
The prosperity of a country depends upon its citizens.
The prosperity of a nation largely rests to its young men.
The prosperity of the family dates from the Great War.
The prostitutes here have an incurable form of syphilis.
The protagonist has a quixotic and overbearing character. He's rather ridiculous, but as the novel progresses, the reader begins to feel affection for him.
The protagonist of the new film is a child angel.
The protagonist of this novel is an asexual trans man.
The protagonist of this web series is a trans woman, and she is being played by a trans woman as well.
The protagonist was isekaied in the end of the first episode.
The protected waters of Florida Keys National Marine Sanctuary are home to the third-largest barrier coral reef in the world and beckon millions of visitors each year.
The protection cap needs to be removed.
The protection circuit is built into the system.
The protein in pollen is necessary for hive growth and young bee development.
The protest demanded a public and quality education.
The protest for the closure of the slaughterhouses has gathered several thousand people.
The protester was violently assaulted.
The protesters barricaded the entrance.
The protesters burned a raft near the city hall.
The protesters burned down the synagogue.
The protesters burnt down the synagogue.
The protesters chanted, "No borders! No wall! No U.S.A. at all!"
The protesters demanded government reform.
The protesters demanded that the president resign.
The protesters peacefully retreated.
The protesters set many cars on fire.
The protesters shouted out, "Death to America!"
The protesters shouted, "Death to America!"
The protesters shouted, "Death to USA!"
The protesters threatened to stomp on the banners left by their opposition.
The protesters threw rotten eggs at the police.
The protesters threw stones at the police.
The protesters tore down the statue of a slave trader.
The protesters were accused of incitement to violence.
The protesters were arrested one after another.
The protesters were being loud.
The protesters were bludgeoned by the police.
The protestor was shot, but survived.
The protestors accused the police of abuse.
The protestors are demanding autonomy.
The protestors broke through the barricades in front of the presidential palace.
The protestors had homemade signs and were waving flags.
The protests are being organized by a group calling itself You Stink, which came together in response to the government's failure to collect tons of garbage that have rotted in fetid piles in the capital for more than a month.
The protests brought the country to a standstill.
The protests continue.
The protests flared into a civil war.
The protests have died down.
The protests in Algeria will eventually have to stop.
The protests lasted for weeks.
The protests not only highlight how environmental activism is growing in this country where speaking out about touchy topics can easily land one in jail, but the need for more transparency.
The protests of 2011 threatened to topple the entire Moroccan monarchy.
The protests spilled over to other cities.
The proto-language of Afroasiatic is not well understood, and it's not clear how knowable it is at all.
The protons and neutrons cluster together in the center of the atom in what is called the nucleus. The electrons orbit around the nucleus.
The prototype features a translucent color display that’s projected onto the visor in the center of the field of vision and with a voice-controlled interface.
The prototype for the hero of the book was the son of the writer.
The prototypes are not yet ready.
The proud Trojan city was taken at last.
The proud and brave knights sat around the big round table.
The proud and courageous knights sat around a great round table.
The proud hero wanted to win or die.
The prouder the individual, the harsher the punishment.
The proudest human that walks the earth is a free American citizen.
The proverb is familiar.
The proverb is quoted from Franklin.
The proverb runs as follows.
The proverb says that what is done cannot be undone.
The proverb's message struck me to the core.
The proverb’s message struck me to the core.
The province has also ramped up infection-control measures that came into effect Monday.
The province is relatively rich in mineral resources.
The province is rich in mineral resources.
The province of Blida is next to Algiers.
The province of Liège is bursting with mini-break ideas for couples looking for wellness and a bit of nature.
The province of Québec makes about three-quarters of the world's maple syrup supply.
The province of South Holland is looking at where wind turbines can be placed.
The province supplies its neighbors with various raw materials.
The provision for warranty expense is generally established for specific losses, along with historical estimates of customer claims as a percentage of sales, which can cause variability in warranty expense between quarters.
The provisional presidential results show the ruling party garnered 60% of the vote, with 33% of the vote counted.
The provisions ran out after a short time.
The prudent person is wise.
The psoas is hard to reach with palpation.
The psych ward discharged me.
The psychiatric diagnosis known as gender dysphoria can be induced in a cisgender person through the same hormone therapy that treats it in transgender people, as it was by the British government in Alan Turing, causing him to commit suicide.
The psychiatric ward was Boldi's home.
The psychiatrist decided to give Gunter a strong medication.
The psychiatrist diagnosed me with schizophrenia.
The psychiatrist suggested that Tom be committed to a psychiatric hospital.
The psychiatrist suggested that Tom should be committed to a psychiatric hospital.
The psychoactive ingredient in marijuana that produces the "high" sought by users has been shown to reverse memory problems in aging mice. Researchers, who've been looking for ways to slow the effects of brain aging, hope it could have the same effect in older humans.
The psychoanalyst Mitscherlich condemned the Germans for an inability to grieve. An inability to be happy would have been more like it.
The psychologist asked me a series of questions.
The psychologist asked me a whole battery of questions.
The psychologist rubbed and beat the skin, and the blood rose to the surface, revealing the thin line of an almost invisible and time-effaced scar.
The psychologist snapped his fingers in front of Yanni's face.
The psychopaths of the politicians say that people should not hug.
The pteranodon was beating its massive wings.
The pterosaur has been described for the first time in the Journal of Vertebrate Paleontology.
The pterosaur, named Thapunngaka shawi, is the largest of its kind ever found in Australia, and dates back 100 million years.
The pub quiz is now a British institution, with many pubs having weekly quiz nights.
The pub was packed to the rafters.
The pub was packed.
The pub was rammed.
The public accounts committee caucused privately to write their final report, which had to remain confidential until it was formally tabled in parliament.
The public already distrusts us.
The public at large are dissatisfied with the present government.
The public became outraged.
The public bought it hook, line and sinker, didn't they?
The public cheered Rodrigo’s triumph.
The public convenience should be respected.
The public demands answers.
The public deserves to know.
The public didn't buy it.
The public education in the Netherlands usually teaches French, German, or Spanish. Sometimes, it will also teach classical languages like Latin and Greek, although students have to voluntarily request to learn classical languages.
The public figure's words hold great influence over their followers.
The public footpath runs along the river.
The public got involved.
The public has been tremendously impressed by Tom.
The public has the right to know.
The public hold him to be innocent.
The public housing superintendent used to receive bribes from the aging tenant.
The public interest was directed at his judgement.
The public is clamoring for more jobs and lower taxes.
The public is entitled to information about how public money is spent.
The public is invited.
The public is really responding.
The public is requested not to litter in these woods.
The public is stupid, so the public will pay.
The public is the best judge.
The public knows that.
The public library will be giving away old books this Monday.
The public needs yesterdays only as a weapon against today.
The public neglected his genius for many years.
The public only knows what they've been told by the state media.
The public only uses yesterday as a weapon against today.
The public pension system in Algeria is relatively generous.
The public praised Roosevelt's reform efforts.
The public praised Roosevelt’s reform efforts.
The public school system is coming apart at the seams.
The public school system was founded firmly upon the three R’s.
The public sector dominates economic activity.
The public servant leaked the secret and he was prosecuted for revealing a state secret.
The public square is desolate.
The public swarms to the bar during the intermission.
The public took the outbreak seriously.
The public transport system runs like clockwork.
The public transportation strike angered a lot of men and women.
The public transportation system runs like clockwork.
The public was notified on October 20th.
The public was shocked.
The public will accept it.
The public will be notified on October 20th.
The public won't stay fooled for long.
The public's fascination with organized crime is very disturbing.
The public...demands certainties...But there are no certainties.
The publication consists of a summary and six sections.
The publication of the exam results over without incident, for the time being attention is naturally going to focus on the summer break, right?
The publication of the first book of "The Lord of the Rings" by the British author Tolkien in Asturian is great news for Asturian literature and for the language itself.
The publication of this material caused considerable offense to some people.
The public’s lack of attention all changed in an instant, when an explosion rocked the spacecraft hurtling through space two days into the mission.
The publisher agreed to make the dictionary available online without cost, but wanted to disable robots from copying its contents.
The publisher asked me to cut down the size of the last two chapters.
The publisher asked me to reduce the length of the last two chapters.
The publisher gave my proposal a chance.
The publisher isn't interested in my book.
The publisher made me cut entire chapters out of my book.
The publisher printed a new book.
The publisher said I have to trim down my book.
The publisher said I should make my book shorter.
The publisher said my book is too long.
The publisher told me to make my book shorter.
The publisher told me to shorten the book.
The publishers of that newspaper are very liberal.
The publishing house was about to go bankrupt.
The pubs were packed.
The puck of ice hockey is not spherical.
The puddle gets rid of all the water.
The puddles evaporate quickly in the heat of the sun.
The puff adder is only one of many venomous snakes native to sub-Saharan Africa.
The puffins are raising their chick.
The pulao with meat is eight yuan. The vegetarian pulao is only four yuan.
The pullover is a little too big for me.
The pulse ox sensor couldn't get a good O2 sat reading because Tom's hands were so cold.
The pulse ox sensor couldn't get a good oxygen saturation reading because Tom's hands were so cold.
The pulsing bass was vibrating the floor.
The puma is bigger than the cat.
The pump developed by researchers is a double pump — in addition to insulin, it automatically secretes glucagon, a hormone that taps glucose reserves in the liver, raising blood sugar levels when they get too low, a condition called hypoglycemia.
The pump did not act as it should have.
The pump didn't work properly.
The pump was left unattended.
The pumpkin came to life and started devouring everything in its path.
The pumpkin was carved on the inside.
The pumpkins are almost ready to harvest.
The pumps have worked for days.
The pumps worked for days.
The pun also works in French.
The pun is unfortunately untranslatable.
The punch on the jaw brought me to my knees.
The punchline comes at the end.
The punctuation in this text is all wrong.
The punctuation is missing.
The puncture wound was very deep and had to be examined for infection.
The pundit on TV says we're all doomed. Me, I'm skeptical.
The punishment for Tom shall be death.
The punishment for looting, Hrohul says, is being tied to a tree or pole without pants "so people can spank them as they pass."
The punishment for the offender included wearing an ankle bracelet so that his location would be known at all times.
The punishment is more immoral than the crime.
The punishment is worse than the crime.
The punishment must fit the crime.
The punishment should be in proportion to the crime.
The punishment should be proportionate to the crime.
The punishment they suffer is justified.
The punishment will be severe.
The punk girl clearly marched to the beat of her own drum.
The punning riddle "What's black and white and red all over?" has been kicking around American and British schoolyards since at least the middle of the 1800s.
The puns were so great.
The pup snapped at my hand.
The pupil has eleven pencils.
The pupil has to improve.
The pupil held up his hand to ask a question.
The pupil is good at arithmetic.
The pupil is quite often distracted and doesn't put any effort into studying.
The pupil is walking to school.
The pupil learns nothing.
The pupil must speak for three minutes without any help or aids.
The pupil raised his hand and answered the question.
The pupil raised his hand.
The pupil read a text.
The pupil walks to school.
The pupil was given a three-day suspension.
The pupil was half asleep in class.
The pupil was punished for smoking.
The pupil was reading a text.
The pupil was suspended for three days.
The pupil writes a letter by hand.
The pupil's progress is satisfactory.
The pupils absorbed all the knowledge the teacher gave them.
The pupils all have to wear the same uniform.
The pupils answered one after the other.
The pupils are allowed to use these computers.
The pupils are bored.
The pupils are bound down by the rules.
The pupils are doing their homework.
The pupils are kind to each other.
The pupils are looking forward to the forthcoming excursion.
The pupils are looking forward to the upcoming excursion.
The pupils are on holiday.
The pupils are pulling faces at the teacher.
The pupils are supposed to observe rigid discipline.
The pupils aren't paying attention.
The pupils at this school wear a uniform.
The pupils began to read all together.
The pupils burst into laughter.
The pupils burst out laughing.
The pupils did the work themselves.
The pupils disobeyed their teacher.
The pupils don't like the school.
The pupils don't pay attention.
The pupils hate him because he gives them mountains of homework.
The pupils hate him because he sets them mountains of homework.
The pupils have access to these computers.
The pupils laughed.
The pupils learned many poems by heart.
The pupils learnt many poems by heart.
The pupils like this song.
The pupils listened eagerly during his speech.
The pupils loved that joke.
The pupils may use these computers.
The pupils of her eyes had the blackness of a deep abyss.
The pupils of her eyes had the blackness of a deep chasm.
The pupils of our eyes contract in sunlight.
The pupils of the eyes contract in sunlight.
The pupils performed Hamlet.
The pupils pretended not to hear the teacher.
The pupils pretended they couldn't hear the teacher.
The pupils pull faces at the teacher.
The pupils sat in a circle.
The pupils seem bored.
The pupils stand up when their teacher enters.
The puppets are controlled by wires.
The puppies have found an owner.
The puppies nestled against their mother.
The puppies slept in a pile.
The puppies were fussy again.
The puppy became Boldi's best friend.
The puppy curiously peeked through a slightly open window.
The puppy dog will be as tall as her mother.
The puppy got distracted.
The puppy grew larger and larger every day.
The puppy howls while searching for its mother.
The puppy is cheering me up.
The puppy is sleeping on my head.
The puppy is very playful.
The puppy licked Boldi's face.
The puppy licked her cheek.
The puppy licked her on the cheek.
The puppy looked at her with very sad eyes.
The puppy peed on my shoes.
The puppy ran away.
The puppy ran off somewhere.
The puppy shot a plaintive look at his owner when he saw they were going to give him a shot.
The puppy slept on Tom's head.
The puppy started whining pitifully when his owner walked away from him.
The puppy tried to bite my hand.
The puppy wagged its tail happily.
The puppy wagged its tail.
The puppy wants to sleep.
The puppy was born without a tail.
The puppy was hit by a car.
The puppy's single good eye begs me for adoption.
The puppy’s single good eye begs me for adoption.
The purchase brought his bill to 100 dollars.
The purchase is on the company's account.
The purchase is on the company’s account.
The purchase of pirated copies is against the law.
The purchase price wasn't disclosed.
The purchase was perfectly legal.
The purchasing power of low-wage earners will continue to decline, if I understand correctly.
The purely autonomous robots were susceptible to an indoctrination into a robotic religion because universe is about probabilities and not absolutes.
The purest affection the heart can hold is the honest love of a nine-year-old.
The purified antibodies, known as monoclonal antibodies, were infused intravenously into rhesus monkeys infected with a virus very similar to HIV.
The purity of his mentality was even admired by his opponents.
The purity of the water is checked every hour.
The purple alien had 4 arms and 4 legs.
The purple bicycle costs less than the yellow.
The purple jacaranda flowers already cover the city's sidewalks.
The purported director of the film is still unknown.
The purpose of Greek drama was to create a cathartic feeling in audiences.
The purpose of a conclusion is to sum up the main points of the essay.
The purpose of a roundabout is to slow down traffic.
The purpose of advertising is to familiarize consumers with the name of a product.
The purpose of animals is to serve man.
The purpose of antisemitism is to distract people from real power structures.
The purpose of antitrust law is to stop the abusive influence of the market by big companies.
The purpose of fascism is to rescue the powerful.
The purpose of life is a life of purpose.
The purpose of life is not to be happy. It is to be useful, to be honorable, to be compassionate, to have it make some difference that you have lived and lived well.
The purpose of life is to contribute in some way to making things better.
The purpose of life is to live it, to taste experience to the utmost, to reach out eagerly and without fear for newer and richer experience.
The purpose of my visit is to persuade you to take a trip with me.
The purpose of our trip is to visit a new factory.
The purpose of our trip is to visit friends and see some tourist spots.
The purpose of punctuation is to help the reader.
The purpose of shuffling is to randomize a deck of cards.
The purpose of the barrel is to cause wine and whiskey to ferment and to store liquids.
The purpose of the committee is to develop children's musical talent.
The purpose of the committee is to develop children’s musical talent.
The purpose of the damned mosquitos is to bite us.
The purpose of the heart is to pump blood.
The purpose of the meeting is to make a plan for a new product prior to the Product Development Meeting in January.
The purpose of the meeting was to encourage employees to share any potentially innovating ideas.
The purpose of the people who develop AI is to imitate human intelligence, not to recreate it.
The purpose of this challenge is to entertain the public.
The purpose of this interview is to assess whether or not you are suitable for the company.
The purpose of this rhetoric is to appeal to his voters' ideological beliefs.
The purpose of this rhetoric is to express not his beliefs, but rather those of his voters.
The purpose of this story isn't to scare you away from your dentist.
The purpose of this text is to deepen the understanding of black culture.
The purring cat rubbed up against Tom's leg.
The purse has a hole.
The purse snatcher was frantically struggling to get away from me while I had him pinned down.
The pursued remnant of soldiers decided it was high time for a show-down one way or another.
The pursuit of European history is a formidable task.
The pursuit of knowledge enriches the soul.
The pursuit of money can sometimes lead to stress.
The pursuit of peace requires courage, patience, and a shared vision for a better world.
The pursuit of truth is admirable.
The pursuit of wealth does not interest me.
The pursuit of wisdom never ends.
The puzzle is almost finished.
The puzzle pieces fell into place.
The puzzle was almost finished.
The puzzle was boring.
The puzzle was impossible for me to solve.
The puzzle was too difficult for Tom.
The puzzle was too difficult for me to solve.
The puzzle was too hard for Tom.
The pylon was about to collapse.
The pyramid is, actually, a spaceship.
The pyramids are tombs.
The pyramids of Egypt are one of the seven wonders of the world.
The pyramids still hold many secrets.
The pyramids were built in ancient times.
The pyre burns the dead, but anxiety burns the living.
The pyrotechnics have started this night, several hours before the Halloween of 2021.
The qipao is a classic female garment that originated in 17th century China.
The quacking of the mallard sounded like the laugh of an evil superhero.
The quadrennial U.S. presidential contests are not determined by the national popular vote, but rather on the outcome of the voting in the 50 states, with each state's importance in the electoral college determined by its population and the number of senators and representatives it has in Congress.
The quadriceps is made up of four muscles: the rectus femoris, the vastus medialis, the vastus intermedius and the vastus lateralis.
The quadruplets are only distinguishable by little jailhouse tattoos behind their ears.
The quaint little antique shop is full of unique trinkets, knick-knacks, and curios.
The quake damaged many old buildings.
The quake struck at 03:36 local time, 100 kilometers northeast of Rome, originating a mere 10 kilometers deep. Some buildings in the capital shook for 20 seconds.
The qualitative advantage of the second solution was eyecatching. Because of this, the client chose this variation of the project.
The quality control system can be greatly expanded.
The quality is good enough and more importantly it's in your price range.
The quality is not the same as it used to be.
The quality is really bad.
The quality is terrible.
The quality is very low.
The quality isn't as high as it used to be.
The quality needed in this job is being polite all the time.
The quality of Tom's work has improved lately.
The quality of a leader is reflected in the standards they set for themselves.
The quality of a painter depends on the amount of past he carries with him.
The quality of craftsmanship in this clock company is unsurpassed.
The quality of foreign direct investment has improved in Algeria.
The quality of higher education must answer to the highest international standards.
The quality of higher education must meet international standards.
The quality of life in Munich is very high.
The quality of life of our residents is very important.
The quality of life of the citizens is always of secondary importance.
The quality of my life has deteriorated to the point that it is no longer worth living.
The quality of rice is getting worse.
The quality of rice is going down.
The quality of salmon being sold here is the best.
The quality of tea is going down.
The quality of the sample was outstanding and surpassed our expectations.
The quality of the steak at Adriano's restaurant is unmatched.
The quality of the water is very important when making beer.
The quality of their products has gone down over the years.
The quality of these products is the same.
The quality of translation has improved.
The quality, not the longevity, of one's life is what is important.
The quantity discounts are according to the size of the order.
The quantity of stars in the sky is infinite.
The quarantine will last as long as it takes so that Argentinians stay alive and well, the rest are sterile debates.
The quarrel ended in their coming to blows.
The quarrel had unfortunate consequences.
The quarrel left a gulf between the two families.
The quarrel left an unpleasant aftertaste.
The quarrel originated in rivalry between the two countries.
The quarrel settled, he returned home.
The quarrels of kings and queens have led to much bloodshed.
The quarter master was standing on deck, contemplating the scene of tranquillity around him : the blue waters seemed to invite him to a refreshing bath, and he was soon undressed; and, mounting on the barricade, plunged into the sea.
The quarterback had to play for time.
The quarterback is really good.
The quarterback passed the ball to Adriano.
The quarterback played pretty well.
The quarterback praised Adriano's determination on the field.
The quarterback spiked the ball.
The quarterly growth of 1.2% means an annual growth rate of 4.8%.
The quasi-mythological, quasi-historical character known as Jesus was many things, but he did not fulfill Jewish Messianic prophecies.
The queen ant is a breeding machine.
The queen ant lays eggs to populate the nest.
The queen asked me: "Are you ready to become a king?" My face turned red.
The queen began to fear that an assassin was among her retinue, leading her to expel them one-by-one until there was nobody left to protect her.
The queen can live for several years, with an average productive life span of two to three years.
The queen can move on the rows and columns like a rook and on the diagonals like a bishop.
The queen claimed that His Majesty was crazy for hiring somoene like Yuri.
The queen ennobled him.
The queen failed to produce a male heir for the king.
The queen had a sister.
The queen had three daughters.
The queen has the ability to move as much as if she were a rook, that is, over the rows and columns, as if she were a bishop, that is, over the diagonals.
The queen held out her hand, and the old woman examined its lines closely.
The queen is an ant with wings.
The queen is by far the most powerful piece in chess.
The queen is going to address parliament next week.
The queen is in her castle.
The queen is mentally incapacitated.
The queen is the most powerful piece. Second to the queen is the rook. The bishop and the knight have approximately the same value. The pawn has the lowest relative value.
The queen knighted Tom.
The queen mates only once with several drones and remains fertile for life.
The queen may either move horizontally, vertically or diagonally.
The queen must die.
The queen now requested her guests to recline upon couches that they might rest themselves from their long swim and talk more at their ease.
The queen of England is a clone. Nobody can live that long!
The queen of the night launched her minions in pursuit of the crystal ball.
The queen of the witches is dead.
The queen outlined several bills the government hopes to pass during the next year.
The queen reigns, but does not rule in England.
The queen replied that she had loved the people when she lived at Versailles, and that she should go on to love them now.
The queen saw something black on the sea, which seemed to be coming nearer.
The queen shook hands with each player after the game.
The queen stood beside the king.
The queen took a short way home, got there before the king and changed her dress.
The queen took umbrage at remarks made in the press about her insensitivity to the death of the princess.
The queen visited the museum.
The queen was an extremely clever woman, who could do a great deal more than just drive in a coach.
The queen was gracious enough to invite us.
The queen was imprisoned in the Tower of London.
The queen was more frightened than words can describe, and could neither speak a word nor move from the place so as to awaken the King or the sailors.
The queen was richly appareled.
The queen was wearing a magnificent silver dress.
The queen wore a very beautiful silver dress.
The queen’s carriage rolled through the palace gates.
The queen’s crown glistened with diamonds.
The queen’s crown was adorned with rubies and pearls.
The queen’s garden was filled with roses and lilies.
The queen’s garden was the envy of the kingdom.
The queen’s gown trailed behind her like a river of silk.
The queen’s jewels glistened in the candlelight.
The queen’s jewels sparkled in the candlelight.
The queen’s laughter echoed through the corridors.
The queen’s procession moved through the grand hall.
The queen’s tiara sparkled in the afternoon sun.
The queen’s tiara was a masterpiece of craftsmanship.
The quest for knowledge fuels our curiosity and understanding.
The quest for love unites us all.
The question "Do records of shogi games have copyright?" has been discussed in many places.
The question "Do records of shougi games have copyright?" has been discussed in many places.
The question arises: "Is also the internet a means of mass communication?"
The question arises: does the AI really understand Chinese, or is it merely simulating the ability to do so?
The question arose again, but in a different form.
The question aroused controversy, and still remains open.
The question astonished him.
The question astounded him.
The question before us is a hard one.
The question before us is an urgent one.
The question began to assume a new character.
The question can only be interpreted a single way.
The question caught Tom off guard.
The question confused Tom.
The question deserved study.
The question didn't seem to surprise Tom.
The question doesn't concern me.
The question doesn’t concern me.
The question emerges why you were there.
The question excited much controversy.
The question facing us is whether we should stay or go.
The question foxed me completely.
The question has to be put in these terms.
The question he raised there is making me hesitate.
The question here is one of creating the framework with which we can outline the social trend.
The question is and remains unanswerable.
The question is are you going with us.
The question is are you willing to help.
The question is before the committee.
The question is by no means easy.
The question is can Tom keep up with us.
The question is can you do everything we've asked you to do.
The question is can you keep up with me.
The question is do you know what you're doing.
The question is do you want it.
The question is easy. It's the answer that's hard.
The question is how are we going to deal with the situation.
The question is how are we going to get this done on time.
The question is how did Tom do it.
The question is how did Tom do that.
The question is how do we convince Tom to help us.
The question is how do we convince Tom.
The question is how does Tom feel.
The question is how does Tom manage to do that.
The question is how he will get the money.
The question is how long.
The question is how much.
The question is how to avoid nuclear war.
The question is how to carry it out.
The question is how to get this done in time.
The question is how to say no without making Tom angry.
The question is how to say no without making Tom mad.
The question is how to say no without making them angry.
The question is how to say no without sounding rude.
The question is how we can raise as much money as we need.
The question is how we can raise the money.
The question is how we will bell the cat.
The question is how will we deal with this difficult situation.
The question is how will we deal with this situation.
The question is how.
The question is if my parents approve of it or not.
The question is left in abeyance.
The question is more than legitimate.
The question is not how do we get rid of the gig economy, but how do we marry that with security? And it's not just a question for gig workers, but for all low-wage workers in America.
The question is not so easy that anyone can answer it.
The question is not so easy that everyone can answer it.
The question is not so much what it is as how it looks.
The question is not what I can do for you, but what you can do for me.
The question is not what education is for so much as how you go about it.
The question is not where, but when.
The question is perhaps too complex for you.
The question is retracted.
The question is sensitive.
The question is simple, but the answer is complicated.
The question is simple.
The question is somewhat biased.
The question is this.
The question is this: who called her on the phone?
The question is too difficult for me.
The question is truly pressing.
The question is understandable.
The question is very important.
The question is very simple.
The question is very simple. It's the answer that's hard.
The question is was it really worth it.
The question is what are you doing here.
The question is what are you going to do.
The question is what can we do to help.
The question is what can we do.
The question is what do we do about it.
The question is what do we do now.
The question is what do you want.
The question is what does Tom want.
The question is what does it mean.
The question is what for.
The question is what is it.
The question is what should be done now.
The question is what should we do now.
The question is what'll you do.
The question is what're we going to do about it.
The question is when should we start.
The question is when to start.
The question is when.
The question is where has Tom gone.
The question is where have Tom and Mary gone.
The question is where should I put this.
The question is where should we park our car.
The question is where to buy the book.
The question is where to stop the car.
The question is where.
The question is whether Mike knew the fact or not.
The question is whether Tom can be trusted.
The question is whether Tom can do it or not.
The question is whether Tom can do that or not.
The question is whether Tom can keep up with us or not.
The question is whether Tom knew about it or not.
The question is whether Tom was planning to meet Mary or just met her by chance.
The question is whether Tom will agree with us.
The question is whether Tom will do it or not.
The question is whether Tom will do that or not.
The question is whether Tom will do that.
The question is whether Tom will read the letter or not.
The question is whether he can be trusted.
The question is whether he can do it or not.
The question is whether he will agree with us.
The question is whether he will come on time.
The question is whether he will come to visit us next month.
The question is whether he'll read the letter or not.
The question is whether he's coming or not.
The question is whether he's still alive.
The question is whether he’ll read the letter or not.
The question is whether my parents will agree or not.
The question is whether my parents will agree.
The question is whether or not my parents will agree.
The question is whether she can be trusted.
The question is whether we can get along.
The question is whether we shall leave or stay.
The question is which one should I choose.
The question is which to choose.
The question is who caused the accident.
The question is who decides what needs to be done.
The question is who did that.
The question is who is going to tell him.
The question is who is he.
The question is who killed Tom.
The question is who knew what.
The question is who made that mistake.
The question is who will do it.
The question is who will go there for Tom.
The question is who will go there for him.
The question is who will make the decision.
The question is who'll be our next president.
The question is who'll do it.
The question is who'll do that.
The question is who'll go first.
The question is who'll go there instead of Tom.
The question is who'll make the decision.
The question is who's going to do it.
The question is who's going to do that.
The question is who's going to go first.
The question is who's going to make the decision.
The question is who's going to tell Tom.
The question is who's next.
The question is who.
The question is why did Tom do it.
The question is why didn't Tom go.
The question is why not.
The question is why.
The question is will Tom use it.
The question is written on page fifty.
The question is, where to?
The question is, will you?
The question is: Who will bell the cat.
The question is: how badly do you want diarrhea? Otherwise, let's go eat there.
The question isn't as easy to answer as it first might seem.
The question isn't so much what it is as how it looks.
The question itself is fundamentally wrong.
The question now is how do we solve this problem.
The question now is how long should we wait.
The question now is how.
The question now is what should we be doing.
The question now is when.
The question now is where should we do that.
The question now is where.
The question now is who.
The question now is why.
The question of IT security has high stakes.
The question of Palestine remained a central preoccupation for Algeria.
The question of Tom's ability came up.
The question of free will is a prickly conundrum to religion.
The question of how far persons who are victims of diseased mind shall be held criminally responsible for their acts has vexed judges, jurors, doctors, and lawyers for the last hundred years.
The question of how to establish the optimal formula is still open.
The question of information technology security has high stakes.
The question of reinstatement also needs to be clarified.
The question of road repair remains current.
The question of what Tom has for breakfast is one that many have pondered, but none has correctly answered.
The question of what constitutes a work of art is a controversial subject.
The question of what constitutes art is a controversial subject.
The question of whether it is at all possible to hold caramel ice cream was answered in the affirmative in 2019 by an international team of scientists who made a glove out of an ultra-tough tungsten molybdenum alloy and were able to successfully hold it for a split second before they, too, succumbed to temptation and ate it all up.
The question of who fired first remains unanswered.
The question of worshipping at the Yasukuni Shrine is left to the independent judgement of Cabinet ministers.
The question only allows one interpretation.
The question permits of only one interpretation.
The question remained unanswered.
The question remains unanswered.
The question remains unresolved.
The question remains, unanswered.
The question seemed to surprise Tom.
The question seems complicated.
The question still remains why Tom would want to do that.
The question surprised Tom a little.
The question surprised Tom.
The question surprised me a little.
The question threw him off his balance.
The question took Tom by surprise.
The question was a serious one, but he answered half in jest.
The question was a simple one.
The question was answered.
The question was completely appropriate.
The question was discussed in detail.
The question was followed by another question.
The question was hotly disputed in the meeting.
The question was impossible for us to answer.
The question was much discussed.
The question was obviously unexpected.
The question was posed in English.
The question was rhetorical.
The question was so complicated that they were all mixed up.
The question was too difficult to answer.
The question was why Tom did that.
The question whether I should quit college or not bothered me.
The question whether we should go or stay comes next.
The question which confronted me was to find out how Stangerson had been employed between 8.30 and the time of the crime, and what had become of him afterwards.
The questionnaire form was distributed properly.
The questionnaires were distributed at random.
The questionnaires were distributed randomly.
The questions are going to get tougher.
The questions are linked.
The questions are related.
The questions are welcome.
The questions came fast and furious from the large number of reporters who had gathered outside the courthouse.
The questions in yesterday's examination were far easier than I had expected.
The questions in yesterday’s examination were far easier than I had expected.
The questions involved go far beyond economics.
The questions on the practice test were easier.
The questions on yesterday's exam were easy.
The questions themselves were too ugly to even ask, let alone try to deal with the answers.
The questions were endless.
The questions were in Berber.
The questions will not take long, and everything would be kept completely anonymous.
The queue for Benedito's autograph was huge.
The queue for buying tickets was unbelievably long.
The queue for the Ladies was 15 minutes long.
The queue for the airport security was insanely long.
The queue for the amusement park ride was shorter than for Benedito's book signing.
The queue for the bookstore was longer than for Benedito's lecture.
The queue for the charity event was longer than we expected.
The queue for the club was longer than for Benedito's fashion show.
The queue for the concert was longer than Benedito expected.
The queue for the food truck was longer than for Benedito's meet and greet.
The queue for the gaming convention was much shorter than for Benedito's concert.
The queue for the movie premiere was shorter than for Benedito's performance.
The queue for the museum exhibit was longer than what Benedito expected.
The queue for the new iPhone was longer than for Benedito's concert.
The queue for the restaurant was longer than for Benedito's album signing.
The queue for the rollercoaster was longer than for Benedito's meet and greet.
The queue for the supermarket was very long.
The queue for the theme park attraction was shorter than for the movie premiere.
The queue for the tickets was huge.
The queue for the toilet has got too long. Do you think it's time we expedited things by having a peek?
The queue for the water park slide was shorter than for the new log fume ride.
The queue for the women's toilets was 15 minutes long.
The queue is growing.
The queue is huge and it's moving very slowly.
The queue is huge.
The queue is moving very slowly.
The queue is too long at the ticket office.
The queue moved slowly for Benedito.
The queue to see Benedito was long.
The queue to the fitting rooms was winding through the store.
The queue was huge, stretching all the way round the block.
The queue was long.
The queue was moving so slowly that Ziri decided to watch a movie on his phone.
The queues are huge.
The quick bird is the one who will catch the worm!
The quick brown fox did not jump over the lazy dog.
The quick brown fox didn't jump over the lazy dog.
The quick brown fox didn’t jump over the lazy dog.
The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy brown dog.
The quick brown fox jumps over a lazy dog.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
The quick brown fox may as well go fuck the lazy dog.
The quickest means of travel is by plane.
The quickest way through a hairpin turn is drifting.
The quickest way to obtain correct information online is to post incorrect information.
The quickest way to the elven neighborhood is through the orc neighborhood.
The quiet cat caught the mouse.
The quiet screams louder than any argument.
The quiet suburban neighborhood provides the perfect milieu for raising a family.
The quiet times are over.
The quieter you become, the more you are able to hear.
The quilt can't be washed.
The quince is yellow and has the shape of a pear.
The quiver was red.
The quiz competition was a piece of cake.
The quiz should only take about five minutes.
The quiz show follows the 7 o'clock news.
The quiz show follows the 7 o’clock news.
The quiz was really easy.
The quiz was very easy.
The quotation marks are superfluous.
The quotation marks are unnecessary.
The quote is taken out of context.
The quote sparked a discussion.
The quote was taken out of context.
The quote was underlined triply in pink highlighter.
The quotient of 21 divided by 7 is 3.
The rabbi always connects the week's Torah portion to the issues of the day.
The rabbi is on his way.
The rabbi is teaching little kids the Hebrew alphabet.
The rabbi is teaching little kids the alef-beys.
The rabbi is teaching little kids the alphabet.
The rabbi's grandson weaponized golems, selling them as soldiers to any state that could pay.
The rabbit and the turtle raced each other.
The rabbit carcass was crawling with maggots.
The rabbit darted across the garden.
The rabbit did not have any special abilities but devotedly attended the old man.
The rabbit eats the cabbage.
The rabbit had four little ones.
The rabbit has long ears.
The rabbit hid behind the tree.
The rabbit house is called "the warren".
The rabbit is brown.
The rabbit is crawling away.
The rabbit is eating a carrot.
The rabbit is eating the carrot.
The rabbit is known for its long ears.
The rabbit is running around the garden.
The rabbit is screaming.
The rabbit isn't a lion.
The rabbit jumped over the dog.
The rabbit plunged into its burrow and disappeared.
The rabbit stood in the middle of the road, mesmerized by the lights of the oncoming truck.
The rabbit was a coward and they made it worse for him with drums.
The rabbit's ear is bleeding.
The rabbit, as a rule, is bigger than a rat.
The rabbit-hole went straight on like a tunnel for some way, and then dipped suddenly down, so suddenly that Alice had not a moment to think about stopping herself before she found herself falling down what seemed to be a very deep well.
The rabbits are test subjects.
The rabbits are timid.
The rabble has decapitated the king.
The raccoon drinks water.
The raccoon is very cunning.
The raccoon ran past Gabor.
The raccoon sits on the top of the tree.
The race began.
The race cars go around and around, and when they need a quick tire change, they pull in for a pit stop.
The race developed into a free-for-all but Shinomiya lapped the group and in the final stage steadily piled on points with good timing to achieve victory.
The race director said that the fun run would be held, rain, hail or shine.
The race has five stages.
The race is not to the swift.
The race is on to contain a massive oil spill in Russia’s Arctic region.
The race is over.
The race is tomorrow.
The race isn't over yet.
The race seemed to never end.
The race started and Rodrigo immediately took the lead.
The race starts at 2:30.
The race was a disaster.
The race was a photo finish.
The race was broadcast live on TV.
The race was broadcast live on television.
The race was decided at the last moment.
The race was decided at the last second.
The race was fixed.
The race was watched by a crowd of nearly a quarter of a million people.
The race wasn't fair because the winner had a ten-second head start.
The race wasn’t fair because the winner had a ten-second head start.
The race went down to the wire.
The racecourse was set in a valley, about a mile from the town centre.
The racehorse neighed upon seeing its rival.
The racer looked as though he might eat the wall after trying to juke his opponent.
The racial gap in young adult homeownership is now larger than it was before the civil rights period of the 1960s, according to Grusky.
The racial prejudice that used to be rampant in America has, to a considerable degree, metamorphosed into cultural prejudice. Those infected will say of a Black friend: "She's different"--meaning the cultural stereotypes they find objectionable do not apply.
The racist Algerian authorities murdered 128 young Kabyle people who demanded the teaching of their language in 2001.
The racket slipped from my hands and broke itself on the court when I made the serve.
The radar broke.
The radar detected a mysterious signal.
The radar is broken.
The radar was jammed.
The radiance that emanates from Marika's face reflects the rich tapestry of her mixed heritage.
The radiation may be deadly for Lukas.
The radiation reached toxic levels.
The radiation would kill you.
The radiator gets very hot.
The radiator is broken.
The radiator is cold.
The radiator is off.
The radiators are broken.
The radiators were barely warm; that's why the flat was cold.
The radiators were hardly warm, which is why it was cold in the flat.
The radical foreign policy shift by the leader of a longtime U.S. ally in the Pacific will not throw off course America's pivot to Asia, Kirby insisted, but he noted "many nations in the region are concerned and baffled."
The radical in the Chinese character for "good" is the character for "woman".
The radicals had failed by one vote.
The radio announcer had a masculine voice.
The radio arrived in this country not long ago.
The radio broadcast the news in detail.
The radio broke down.
The radio came on again and was playing Kabyle music.
The radio clock needs to be reset.
The radio crackled into life.
The radio didn't inform about the accident.
The radio didn't mention the incident.
The radio didn't work.
The radio didn’t inform about the accident.
The radio died.
The radio doesn't work.
The radio doesn’t work.
The radio edit of the song is better than its original.
The radio gave a warning of bad weather.
The radio gave place to television.
The radio had warned us that there was a risk of flooding.
The radio has stopped working.
The radio is a bit loud.
The radio is broken and we can't make a call in the event of an emergency.
The radio is broken.
The radio is disturbed by noises.
The radio is not working.
The radio is on the table.
The radio is on.
The radio is out of order.
The radio is powered off.
The radio is so noisy.
The radio is too loud.
The radio is too loud. Can't you turn it down a little?
The radio is too loud. Can’t you turn it down a little?
The radio is too loud. Please turn the volume down.
The radio is too loud. Turn the volume down.
The radio isn't working.
The radio next door gets on my nerves.
The radio on the desk is a Sony.
The radio plays the latest songs.
The radio program is broadcast live.
The radio programme was listened to by millions of people.
The radio reported that a fierce storm is on its way.
The radio reported the coming of a fierce storm.
The radio station broadcasts a very strong signal.
The radio station came back on the air shortly after the storm.
The radio station resumed broadcasting soon after the storm.
The radio stopped working.
The radio stopped.
The radio transmission ended.
The radio transmitter was not working.
The radio warned us of the coming earthquake and we started gathering our things.
The radio warned us of the possibility of flooding.
The radio was a great invention.
The radio was attached to Ziri's belt.
The radio was invented by Marconi.
The radio was missing from the boat.
The radio was on.
The radio was playing soft music.
The radio was plugged in.
The radio was smashed to bits.
The radio will not work.
The radioactive cloud stopped at the border.
The radioactive waste dumped here 50 years ago just spells out trouble to me.
The radioactive waste of the United States may be targeted in terrorist attacks.
The radioactivity leaked out of the nuclear power plant.
The radius is a bone in the forearm.
The radius of Earth is about 6,000 kilometers.
The radius of the Earth is 6,400 kilometers.
The radius of the Earth is 6400 km.
The radius of the Earth is about 6,000 kilometres.
The radius of the Earth is about six thousand kilometres.
The radius of the earth is about 6,000 kilometers.
The radius of the earth is about 6,000 km.
The radius of the observable universe is about 46 billion light years. How many digits of pi would we need to calculate the circumference of a circle with a radius of 46 billion light years to an accuracy equal to the diameter of a hydrogen atom, the simplest atom? It turns out that 37 decimal places (38 digits, including the number 3 to the left of the decimal point) would be quite sufficient.
The raft got stuck on a giant rock.
The raft has drifted far off from the shore.
The raft was hit by a giant wave.
The raid was successful.
The raiders then spent three months harrying and burning the area.
The rail-line was carried under the Tsugaru Strait to Hokkaido.
The railroad built a hotel next to the train station.
The railroad crossing makes me nervous.
The railroad divides into two after the bridge.
The railroad fare for children is half of the adult fare.
The railroad is now in the process of construction.
The railroad is parallel to the road.
The railroad isn't to blame for the slowness of the mail.
The railroad provoked a kind of revolution.
The railroad station is far from here.
The railroad system in Japan is said to be wonderful.
The railroad workers are going on strike tomorrow.
The railroad workers are going on walkout tomorrow.
The railway crosses the road at this point.
The railway line crosses the entire continent from east to west.
The railway line forks after the bridge.
The railway runs parallel to the road.
The railway station is a ten-minute drive from here.
The railway station is behind the square.
The railway station is being renovated.
The railway station is close by.
The railway station is close to the hotel.
The railway station is in the centre of town.
The railway station is in the city centre.
The railway station is near here.
The railway station is near the hotel.
The railway station is ten minutes from here by car.
The railway station is two kilometres away.
The railway station is very close to the hotel.
The railway station was bustling with travellers saddled with Christmas presents.
The railway station was bustling with travellers.
The railway station was full of noisy football supporters.
The rain already stopped.
The rain and the mud have made him dirty.
The rain beat heavily against the windowpane.
The rain beats against the window pane.
The rain became snow.
The rain began to fall.
The rain began to turn into snow.
The rain being over, they went on with the game.
The rain came down in buckets.
The rain came down in earnest.
The rain came down in rods.
The rain came down in torrents.
The rain came down, thick and fast, and pattered noisily among the leafless bushes.
The rain came to an end.
The rain caught me by surprise.
The rain caused the water to run over the banks.
The rain changed into snow.
The rain changed to snow.
The rain cheers me up.
The rain clattered against the window.
The rain clattered on the roof of the bus shelter.
The rain clouds started to come.
The rain compelled the water to run over the banks.
The rain compelled us to put off the gathering.
The rain completely stopped.
The rain continued all day.
The rain continued for 40 days.
The rain continued into the evening.
The rain continued throughout the rest of the day.
The rain continued to hit the window.
The rain continued to pour all day.
The rain damped their spirits.
The rain dampened their spirits.
The rain destroyed Gabor's garden.
The rain destroyed the sunflower garden.
The rain didn't come.
The rain didn't last long.
The rain didn't let up.
The rain didn't stop and continued all night.
The rain didn't stop people from helping us.
The rain didn't stop the dancers.
The rain didn't stop them from doing their job.
The rain didn't stop them from doing their work.
The rain didn't stop us.
The rain didn't stop, and went on for the entire day.
The rain didn't stop, and went on for the whole day.
The rain didn't stop.
The rain didn’t stop them from doing their job.
The rain discouraged us from going out.
The rain doesn't bother us.
The rain doesn't want to stop.
The rain eased.
The rain evaporated before reaching the ground.
The rain falls and moistens the trees.
The rain falls on the just and the unjust alike.
The rain fell even harder.
The rain fell gently all night.
The rain fell relentlessly all day long.
The rain fell softly on the roof.
The rain fell soundlessly upon the jungle.
The rain finally lifted on Monday.
The rain finally stopped.
The rain follows me everywhere!
The rain forced us to stay inside all day.
The rain forecast for yesterday didn't eventuate.
The rain from earlier really cooled things down, don't you think?
The rain gauge is broken.
The rain gently tapped against the windowpane.
The rain got worse.
The rain gutter is clogged with leaves.
The rain had a good effect on the farm crops.
The rain had a good effect on the farm's crops.
The rain had cleared the hot, dusty air, making it fresh and pleasant.
The rain had cleared the torrid air, making it fresh and pleasant.
The rain had made her T-shirt transparent.
The rain has already stopped.
The rain has been constant lately.
The rain has changed to snow.
The rain has cleared up in the city.
The rain has eased.
The rain has finally stopped.
The rain has just stopped.
The rain has just stopped. We can go.
The rain has just stopped. We can make a start.
The rain has lasted for the past two days.
The rain has let up, so we can begin.
The rain has let up.
The rain has started to abate.
The rain has stopped.
The rain has stopped. Let's go for a walk.
The rain has stopped. We can start.
The rain has turned the road into a muddy track.
The rain has upset all our picnic plans, unfortunately.
The rain has washed away what we had written in chalk.
The rain hasn't stopped yet, has it?
The rain hasn't stopped yet.
The rain hasn’t stopped yet, has it?
The rain in Guatemala would put any rain in Florida to shame.
The rain in Sevilla is a marvel.
The rain in Spain falls mainly on the plain.
The rain is beating against the window.
The rain is beating against the windows.
The rain is coming down in earnest.
The rain is coming down in sheets.
The rain is drumming on the window.
The rain is expected to end by midnight.
The rain is finally clearing up.
The rain is getting heavier.
The rain is getting you down, isn't it?
The rain is getting you down, isn’t it?
The rain is going to continue through the morning.
The rain is hammering down.
The rain is heavy in autumn.
The rain is increasing in intensity.
The rain is just starting to turn to snow.
The rain is letting up.
The rain is likely to change to snow this evening.
The rain is likely to continue.
The rain is likely to last until Sunday.
The rain is no bother to us.
The rain is pattering on the roof.
The rain is picking up.
The rain is pitter-pattering against the roof.
The rain is radiologically inactive this time.
The rain is raining all around.
The rain is starting to fall.
The rain is starting to let up.
The rain is still coming down.
The rain is tapping on the window.
The rain is teeming down.
The rain is wonderful.
The rain just stopped, so let's leave.
The rain just stopped, so let’s leave.
The rain just stopped. We can leave.
The rain kept the baseball team idle yesterday.
The rain kept the fire from spreading.
The rain kept us from going out.
The rain kept us inside all day.
The rain laid the dust.
The rain lashed against the shutters.
The rain lashed down.
The rain lasted a week.
The rain lasted five days.
The rain lasted for three days.
The rain lasted four days.
The rain lasted the whole night.
The rain lasted three days.
The rain lasted through the night.
The rain lasted throughout the whole day.
The rain left puddles on the ground.
The rain made Tom's T-shirt transparent.
The rain made camping a pain.
The rain made her T-shirt transparent.
The rain made it impossible for me to drive fast.
The rain made it impossible for us to go on the picnic.
The rain made me late.
The rain made the autumn day dismal.
The rain makes me strange and introspective.
The rain necessitated a postponement of the picnic.
The rain never let up all night.
The rain pattered against the window.
The rain pattered against the windowpanes.
The rain pattered against the windows.
The rain pattered on the window.
The rain pattered quietly on the shed's roof.
The rain pattered upon the roof and the sky gloomed through the dusty garret windows.
The rain penetrated my raincoat.
The rain poured all day long, and we stayed indoors.
The rain poured down, soaking everything in its path.
The rain pours out of the cloud.
The rain prevented him from coming here.
The rain prevented me from coming.
The rain prevented me from going out.
The rain prevented me from going.
The rain prevented me from leaving the house.
The rain prevented the boys from playing baseball on the playground.
The rain prevented us from finishing our game of tennis.
The rain prevented us from playing baseball.
The rain prevented us from playing tennis outside.
The rain put out the fire.
The rain ruined our whole day.
The rain seems to follow Mary wherever she goes.
The rain set our plans back two weeks.
The rain should let up shortly after noon.
The rain shows no sign of stopping.
The rain soaked me from head to toe.
The rain soaked me on my way home.
The rain soaked our clothes quickly.
The rain soaked through my clothes.
The rain spoiled our picnic.
The rain spoiled our plans.
The rain started coming down harder.
The rain started coming down in sheets.
The rain started picking up.
The rain started to pour down hard.
The rain stayed away.
The rain still hasn't stopped.
The rain stopped and the sky became bright.
The rain stopped and the sun came out.
The rain stopped as soon as they went inside.
The rain stopped at last.
The rain stopped immediately.
The rain stopped just before we went outside.
The rain stopped just long enough for me to dash into the cafe without getting wet.
The rain stopped the next day.
The rain stopped us from being able to play tennis outside.
The rain stopped.
The rain tapped against the window.
The rain tapped on the roof softly.
The rain taps on the window.
The rain that fell during the last few days has filled the swamps.
The rain that had been forecast began at twelve o'clock on the dot.
The rain that was drizzling when I got on to the train is now pouring.
The rain today matches my mood well.
The rain turned into a real downpour.
The rain turned into snow.
The rain turned the road into a quagmire.
The rain turned to hail.
The rain turned to snow.
The rain was a welcome relief from the heat.
The rain was almost horizontal. We had to move elsewhere to stay dry.
The rain was beating against the windows.
The rain was beating hard against the windowpane.
The rain was beneficial.
The rain was clattering on the flat roof.
The rain was coming down in sheets.
The rain was dashing against the window-panes as if an angry spirit were within it.
The rain was dripping on the roof.
The rain was dripping through a leak in the roof.
The rain was driving against the windows.
The rain was driving in our faces.
The rain was falling in my face.
The rain was falling on my face.
The rain was falling then the ground sank.
The rain was just a passing shower. It wasn't long before the clouds had moved on.
The rain was lashing against the windows.
The rain was lashing down.
The rain was light at first.
The rain was pouring down.
The rain was preceded by wind.
The rain was sheeting down again.
The rain was unbroken for the whole of last week.
The rain washed away the dust.
The rain washed away the footprints.
The rain washed away the sand that was on the driveway.
The rain washed away the soil.
The rain wasn't heavy enough to douse the fire.
The rain wasn't heavy enough to extinguish the fire.
The rain wasn't heavy enough to put out the fire.
The rain water is evaporating on a hot day.
The rain waters the flowers.
The rain whipped against the window.
The rain will be heavy at times.
The rain will be occasionally heavy.
The rain will clear the east coast by lunchtime.
The rain will probably last until Sunday.
The rain will revive this tree.
The rain will stop soon.
The rain won't kill you, you know.
The rain's been teeming down for hours.
The rain's let up.
The rain's letting up soon.
The rain's not letting up.
The rain's stopped.
The rain's stopped. Let's go for a walk.
The rain's stopped; the windows can be opened again.
The rain-water runs off through this pipe.
The rainbow arched gracefully across the sky after the rain.
The rainbow casts rain on the earth.
The rainbow decorated the sky.
The rainbow forms an arc in the sky.
The rainbow has become a symbol of hope.
The rainbow has seven colors.
The rainbow has seven colours.
The rainbow is also called in Kabyle "the belt of Ţeriel".
The rainbow is colorful.
The rainbow will disappear in little time.
The raincoat sheds water perfectly.
The raindrops freeze before hitting the ground.
The rainfall caused water levels inside the cave to rise.
The rainfall was very heavy.
The rainforest ecosystem is rich in biodiversity and is home to many endangered species.
The rainforest was cut down and replaced by a palm oil plantation.
The rainforests are disappearing at the rate of tens of thousands of hectares a day.
The rains began.
The rains came in torrents.
The rains entered a lull.
The rains ruined the harvest.
The rainshower made the dust settle.
The rainstorm was so intense.
The rainwater disappeared into the drain.
The rainwater evaporates on a hot day.
The rainwater filled Benedito's well.
The rainwater flooded Benedito's garden.
The rainwater flowed through the gutter.
The rainwater runs off through this pipe.
The rainy season began early this year.
The rainy season begins in June.
The rainy season begins toward the end of June.
The rainy season begins towards the end of June.
The rainy season has begun in Sudan.
The rainy season has begun.
The rainy season has ended.
The rainy season has set in.
The rainy season has started.
The rainy season is near at hand.
The rainy season set in early this year.
The rainy season sets in about the end of June.
The rainy season starts more or less at the end of June.
The rainy season will be over in another two weeks or so.
The rainy weather lasted for ten days straight.
The rainy weather prevented her from working in the garden.
The rain’s letting up soon.
The raising of children is something that concerns the entire community. There will be an education reform.
The rake fell.
The rake leaves tracks in the sand.
The rake shouldn't have fallen on its own.
The rally was postponed.
The ramblings are incoherent words from someone who is sick or depressed, that he mumbles while awake.
The rambutan is native to tropical regions of Southeast Asia.
The ramen shop nearby is always thriving.
The ramifications of his execution was much greater than any of them expected.
The ramifications of situating an abortion clinic between two churches had yet to be realized.
The rampant sickness spread to many countries.
The ranch was a wonderland for Sami's children.
The rancher, whom Hornback described as their hero, shared Thanksgiving and Christmas dinners with them and even gave them Christmas gifts.
The ranger station called in.
The rangers closed off the area.
The rangers decided to go to the sailor's rescue.
The rangers decided to go to the sailor’s rescue.
The rangers deemed it necessary to remove the hyena from the area.
The rangers investigated the park at night.
The rangers mounted a search in the area.
The rangers tranquilized the jackal and removed her.
The rangers were in charge of the campsite.
The rangers were looking for a missing camper.
The rank and file members of the union attended a stop-work meeting to vote on the proposal to take strike action.
The rank of Marshal, now honorary, is awarded only in times of war or under exceptional circumstances.
The rankings have been known to create ethical problems, as institutions misreport data or otherwise seek to manipulate their ranking.
The ransom money was stolen before it was delivered to Tom's kidnappers.
The rapid COVID test was positive, but the serological assay was negative.
The rapid growth in imports amazes us.
The rapid growth of the Internet triggered the development and adoption of many new programming languages, including JavaScript, PHP, Python, and R.
The rapid growth of the city surprised us.
The rapid growth of the country has a lot to do with the characteristics of the people.
The rapid growth of the firm was attributed to its unique strategy.
The rapid increase of exports surprised us.
The rapid increase of imports surprised us.
The rapid rotation of Uranus causes winds up to 600 kilometers per hour to blow in its atmosphere.
The rapid spin of the Earth along with the liquid, hot metallic core causes a magnetic field to surround the Earth.
The rapid spin of the Earth along with the molten metallic core produces the Earth's magnetic field.
The rapid surge of cases in the north of Italy has prompted panic shopping, with supermarkets across the country, even in the south far from the viral epicenter, packed with families stocking up on food and medicine.
The rapid transit system is modern and efficient.
The rapid urbanization that Algeria experienced immediately after its independence loosened the grip of the country's unchallenged traditions and cultural taboos.
The rapidity of his movements was astonishing.
The rapidity with which he moved astonished us.
The rapids are fast and continuous, with very few eddies or calm spots.
The rapist showed no signs of remorse during his trial.
The rapper Tamer Nafar wrote a beautiful lament for him.
The rare person who walks by heading to buy food is wearing a protective mask and gloves.
The rare video was recorded in February with high-tech field cameras set up in the area to track and monitor the wild snow leopard population in the region.
The rare virus, normally found only in African rainforests, may have come to the United States when a distributor imported prairie dogs along with a Gambian giant rat, a species known to be susceptible to monkeypox.
The rascally puppy stole my shoe.
The rash is, um, also incredibly contagious.
The rash never came back.
The raspberries started cooking.
The raspberries taste like a summer's kiss.
The raspberry juice foamed a little bit.
The rat continued to devour the cactus, no matter how much pain it felt.
The rat is a rodent.
The rat is brown.
The rat made a hole in the wall.
The rat skillfully navigated through a simple maze.
The rat the cat the dog chased killed ate the malt.
The rat took a nibble and scurried away.
The rat turned and lashed at Matthew.
The rat was killed by Tom with a stick.
The rat was killed by him with a stick.
The rat who thought himself a dog, suddenly cried.
The rat's here! Go call the cat!
The rat- and flea-borne illness hits the island nation every year from about December to April.
The rate of Algeria's development is slow.
The rate of desertion escalated in recent years, with more than 4,000 soldiers failing to report back for duty every year.
The rate of exchange is 145 yen to the dollar.
The rate of growth is growing exponentially.
The rate of increase in households is higher for apartment houses than for individual houses.
The rate of inflation in Switzerland in 2008 was 2.4%.
The rate of inflation is slowing down.
The rate of mobile phone usage is increasing in Bangladesh.
The rate of the dollar is rising.
The rate of unemployment increases more each time.
The rates cover all the meals at the hotel.
The rational parametrisation of a circle is almost always far superior to the usual parametrisation in terms of cosine and sine.
The rational step to take is to exit the position immediately upon discovery of the error.
The rationale behind certain New Age treatments can be dangerously wrong.
The rationale is simple.
The rats abandon the ship when it sinks.
The rats are ruining all the grain in the barn.
The rats are walking across the rotten floor.
The rats eat the best of the lazy plowman.
The rats flooded the city.
The rats we use to help us find landmines are easy to house and feed. They only eat fruits and vegetables that are grown locally, and the training takes about a year, so there's not such a long time that we have to house them, to pay for them and pay for the training.
The rattle of our wheels died away as we drove through drifts of rotting vegetation—sad gifts, as it seemed to me, for Nature to throw before the carriage of the returning heir of the Baskervilles.
The rat’s here! Go call the cat!
The rave party was interrupted by the carabinieri who arrested the more naive for drug possession.
The raven croaked from the old yew-tree.
The raven is a very intelligent bird.
The raven is as black as coal.
The raven is black.
The raven is regarded a bird of bad omen.
The raven perched atop the eerie, gnarled tree.
The raven spread its wings.
The raven wouldn't dare do this with an eagle.
The ravens associated Ziri's face with food.
The ravens didn't move from their place.
The ravens started making noises.
The ravine is getting close.
The ravine seemed very deep to him.
The ravioli at Benedito's restaurant is handmade.
The ravishing beauty queen wearing a blue velvet gown with a plunging neckline struck a pose on the red carpet.
The raw materials must be shipped in from abroad.
The ray of reason must expand again.
The ray of wisdom must enlighten new horizons.
The ray population exploded, and the scallop fisheries were decimated.
The rays of the morning sun spark the fire of my soul.
The rays of the sun partially blinded Tom.
The razor made a buzzing sound.
The razorblade was covered in blood.
The re-release included some additional video footage, although it was of rather poor quality.
The reaction speed of cats is quite remarkable.
The reaction the band members receive on the road from mostly female fans has been compared to “Beatlemania” in the early 1960s.
The reader can understand the text in his own way.
The reader focuses everything at his discretion; he only picks what he likes and understands well from a book.
The reader is important.
The reader may set me down as a hopeless busybody, when I confess how much this man stimulated my curiosity, and how often I endeavoured to break through the reticence which he showed on all that concerned himself.
The reader will doubtless take up this little work with an incredulous smile, supposing that he is about to peruse the impracticable schemes of some good citizen of Utopia. I would, therefore, in the first place, beg of him to lay aside all prejudice, and treat seriously and critically the question brought before him.
The reader will quickly realise that my analysis is precise and that her results are reliable.
The readers are the real target of interviews.
The readers cannot ascertain whether the news is true or not.
The readers of that book think themselves sophisticated.
The readership of print newspapers has been declining steadily in recent years.
The readership of that newspaper is more than a million.
The readiest support for planets' having confocal orbits is their sometimes retrograde motion.
The readiness to face crises is a key factor in success.
The reading of the day of rain is proceeding.
The reading of these books was a pleasure.
The real Fadil came out.
The real Jews are the Jews.
The real Princess was left standing below in the courtyard.
The real Ziri appeared behind Rima.
The real answer is surprising.
The real definition of science is that it's the study of the beauty of the world.
The real dreamer is he who dreams of the impossible.
The real estate agent did a completely different valuation of the house.
The real estate broker was lavish in his spending in Ginza.
The real estate bubble is over.
The real estate industry is in a serious slump, and industry people say the worst is yet to come.
The real estate man told lies to the couple.
The real generosity to the future is to give everything to the present.
The real groomers are priests.
The real hero is him.
The real heroes are us.
The real is for me, but fiction.
The real issue is how to prevent the disease.
The real journey of discovery doesn't consist in exploring new landscapes but rather in seeing with new eyes.
The real name of Obamacare is the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act.
The real number is close to double that.
The real power in Algeria is in the hands of the political police.
The real president of the Algerians is General Gaïd Salah.
The real problem is not whether machines think but whether men do.
The real problem is that you don't even know that we have a problem.
The real problem is you don't even know we have a problem.
The real problem lies in his character.
The real problem of humanity is the following: we have paleolithic emotions; medieval institutions; and god-like technology.
The real purpose of the law was enshrouded in layers of obscure terminology.
The real queen was now restored to all her dignity, and was beloved by all.
The real question is a different one?
The real question is how does Tom feel.
The real question is when.
The real question is who's next.
The real question is why.
The real question is, what does Tom mean to you?
The real question is: why would Tom invent a cloning machine and clone himself so many times, just to continue doing mundane tasks again?
The real reason I asked you to stay is we need your help.
The real reason is far more mundane than all of these speculations.
The real reason isn't it, is it?
The real reason that I asked you to stay is that we need your help.
The real reason why Tom likes stoats is simple: for Tom, having fun is the best activity in life, and since stoats are the funniest creatures ever, he likes them most of all.
The real reminiscences seemed to be an illusion while the false ones were so convincing that could replace the reality.
The real scandal is what’s legal.
The real taste of life is not found in great things, but in small ones.
The real technological problem is how people are wired.
The real terror began about a week after that.
The real test is coming soon.
The real tragedy in life isn't to be penniless, no, the real tragedy is finding yourself all alone on your own, in a lonely state.
The real tragedy of the poor is the poverty of their aspirations.
The real value of the minimum wage has fallen by nearly one-third since its peak in 1968.
The real war is much more horrible than this story.
The real work begins tomorrow.
The real work has just begun.
The real world is a different place.
The real, biological nervous system is highly complex and includes some features that may seem superfluous based on an understanding of artificial networks.
The real-life Five Families were involved in drug trafficking from day one.
The realism here is incredible.
The reality is a bit more complex.
The reality is different.
The reality is far more mundane.
The reality is much worse.
The reality is that men are not women and women are not men.
The reality is that not everyone is attracted to the same types of people.
The reality is the opposite of the far-right line on the matter.
The reality keeps changing.
The reality of spirit-matter is inevitably translated into and confirmed by a structure of the spirit.
The reality of war is something that only those immediately affected can truly describe.
The reality was completely different.
The reality was far worse.
The reality we can describe isn't reality as such, since it is filtered through our senses, minds, and languages.
The realization came to me one night.
The realization finally fully hit Ziri.
The realization of your betrayal weighs heavily on my heart.
The really frightening thing about totalitarianism is not that it commits "atrocities" but that it attacks the concept of objective truth; it claims to control the past as well as the future.
The really important thing is not to live, but to live well.
The realtor had custom drapes ordered for the house to make it look more appealing to prospective home buyers.
The realtor was talking about the house.
The rear brakes are rim brakes.
The rear gate was open.
The rear of the van didn't have any curtains.
The rear tire of my bicycle is flat.
The rear tires spun.
The rear-end collision could have been averted if those involved had kept to the recommended safe distance.
The rear-view mirror fell off.
The reason 4chan users are so psychopathic is that these are the types of people who thrive in an unmoderated environment.
The reason I am here is you.
The reason I came here is to tell you Tom has been injured.
The reason I came here is to tell you that Tom has been injured.
The reason I came here today was to do that.
The reason I came here was to find a job.
The reason I came to Boston is to meet the woman I hope to marry.
The reason I came to you is because I thought you could help.
The reason I could not attend the meeting was that I had a severe headache.
The reason I did that was because Tom asked me to.
The reason I didn't do that was because Tom asked me not to.
The reason I didn't get the job is because I'm a woman.
The reason I don't do it is because I don't feel like doing it.
The reason I don't do it is because I don't feel like it.
The reason I don't trust Tom is because I know him.
The reason I got a bad mark is that I didn't revise.
The reason I got a bad mark is that I didn't study.
The reason I never told you is that Tom asked me not to.
The reason I originally came to Australia was to study music.
The reason I originally came to Boston was to study music.
The reason I prefer to go to Japan is that the people in Japan are hardworking and have honest personalities.
The reason I succeeded was because I was lucky.
The reason I talk to myself is that I'm the only one whose answers I accept.
The reason I think it's wrong is because Tom thinks it's wrong.
The reason I went to Boston was to buy this book.
The reason I'm here is because I was asked to come.
The reason I'm late is because I got stuck in a traffic jam.
The reason I'm saying this movie is good is that, not only is the artistic content good, the music is too.
The reason I'm writing you is to tell the truth and nothing else.
The reason I’m here is because I was asked to come.
The reason Mary got sick was because she overate.
The reason Mary has to go to the bathroom so often is that she drinks ten cups of tea a day.
The reason Mary isn't here is because she's sick.
The reason Tom and I are here is because we were asked to come.
The reason Tom and Mary aren't here is because they're sick.
The reason Tom and Mary got sick was because they overate.
The reason Tom and Mary look worried is that one of their children is having an operation.
The reason Tom arrived late was because of a traffic accident.
The reason Tom came was because Mary asked him to.
The reason Tom combs his hair that way is because he's going bald.
The reason Tom couldn't get that job was because he didn't have any experience.
The reason Tom did that was because Mary asked him to.
The reason Tom didn't arrive on time was because of a traffic accident.
The reason Tom didn't do that was because Mary asked him not to.
The reason Tom didn't do that wasn't for lack of opportunity.
The reason Tom didn't go with us was because he didn't have enough money.
The reason Tom does that for Mary is because he loves her.
The reason Tom failed was because he neglected his work.
The reason Tom got angry was that I didn't say anything.
The reason Tom got sick was because he overate.
The reason Tom is fat is because he eats too much and doesn't get enough exercise.
The reason Tom is fat is because he eats too much and doesn’t get enough exercise.
The reason Tom is limping is that he sprained his ankle.
The reason Tom isn't here is because he had to go to Australia for a funeral.
The reason Tom isn't here is because he had to go to Boston for a funeral.
The reason Tom isn't here is because he's sick in bed.
The reason Tom isn't here is because he's sick.
The reason Tom left Boston was because his wife wanted to move to Chicago.
The reason Tom was late was because he got lost.
The reason Tom went to Australia was to do just that.
The reason Tom went to Australia was to do that.
The reason Tom went to Boston was to do just that.
The reason Tom went to Boston was to do that.
The reason both brothers gave for remaining bachelors was that they couldn't support both airplanes and a wife.
The reason doesn't matter.
The reason for declaring war is not certain.
The reason for him being late was that he had missed the bus.
The reason for his return was his mother's death.
The reason for his success, we think, is hard work.
The reason for my absence is that I was ill.
The reason for my return is that the people of Chile are extraordinarily amiable.
The reason for my silence is there was nothing special to write about.
The reason for our failure is as follows.
The reason for the fire hasn't yet become clear.
The reason for the name change is unknown.
The reason for this is obvious.
The reason for this is plain.
The reason for this is that we found no variation of those morphemes.
The reason for your failure is that you did not try hard enough.
The reason he failed was because he neglected his work.
The reason he refused your offer is obvious.
The reason he was absent was that he had a severe headache.
The reason he won the election is because a lot of people found him relatable.
The reason he's ill is simple: he drinks too much.
The reason is because I can speak Chinese.
The reason is clear.
The reason is obvious.
The reason is pretty obvious.
The reason is pretty simple.
The reason is rather complicated.
The reason is simple.
The reason is that I need one box of eggs.
The reason is that I need one carton of eggs.
The reason is that I need one container of eggs.
The reason is that I need one pack of eggs.
The reason is that I need one tray of eggs.
The reason is that I want to be an English teacher.
The reason is that she is a wonderful teacher.
The reason is they are frankly know-it-alls.
The reason is they immediately pretend to know.
The reason is they immediately say things off the top of their heads.
The reason is they immediately wing it.
The reason is very complicated.
The reason is very simple.
The reason is you.
The reason is, no one can speak my language.
The reason it's not raining is because it's summer.
The reason lies in science.
The reason most people don't touch 4chan with a twenty-foot pole is because of its lack of any moderation whatsoever.
The reason my parents don't like my boyfriend is because he didn't go to college.
The reason my parents don't like my boyfriend is because he doesn't have a job.
The reason no one can agree on what the U.S. Constitution says is, in part, because it was poorly written, leaving a lot of room for interpretation.
The reason now seems obvious.
The reason of the strongest is always the best.
The reason our hair is brown is that it enabled our monkey ancestors to hide amongst the coconuts.
The reason she declined your offer is obvious.
The reason she killed herself is unknown.
The reason she said no to your offer is obvious.
The reason some wines pair so well with certain meats is because the tannins in the wine bind to the fat in the meat, altering the taste.
The reason soon became obvious.
The reason that I came here was to find a job.
The reason that I did it wasn't because I wanted to, but because I had to.
The reason that I didn't go there was that I thought too many people would be there.
The reason that I'm limping today is because I sprained my ankle.
The reason that Tom and I are here is because we were asked to come.
The reason that Tom came was because Mary asked him to.
The reason that Tom couldn't get that job was because he didn't have any experience.
The reason that Tom did that was because Mary asked him to.
The reason that Tom didn't do that was because Mary asked him not to.
The reason that Tom didn't go with us was because he didn't have enough money.
The reason that Tom does that for Mary is because he loves her.
The reason that Tom got angry was that I didn't say anything.
The reason that Tom got sick was because he overate.
The reason that Tom is fat is because he eats too much and doesn't get enough exercise.
The reason that Tom is limping is that he sprained his ankle.
The reason that Tom isn't here is because he had to go to Australia for a funeral.
The reason that Tom isn't here is because he had to go to Boston for a funeral.
The reason that Tom isn't here is because he's sick in bed.
The reason that Tom isn't here is because he's sick.
The reason that Tom likes this experiment so much is that it was done at school by his teacher, and he was the only boy in the class who wrote down the equations for the two reactions correctly.
The reason that Tom was late was because he got lost.
The reason that Tom went to Australia was to do just that.
The reason that Tom went to Australia was to do that.
The reason that Tom went to Boston was to do just that.
The reason that Tom went to Boston was to do that.
The reason that a human being cannot tolerate drinking sea water is that the body is dehydrated in the process of getting rid of the salts.
The reason that fascism boomed in Germany was because Germans were suffering and needed something to believe in, and fascist leaders exploited that.
The reason that happened to you was because you weren't careful.
The reason that happened was because you weren't careful.
The reason that that happened to you was because you weren't careful.
The reason that that happened was because you weren't careful.
The reason that the report had so many mistakes was because I wrote it in a hurry.
The reason that we give a second dose is because about 5 percent of children do not respond to the first dose. So with two doses over 99 percent of children are protected against measles.
The reason that you have a headache is because you've been working too hard.
The reason the 19-year-old left her studies is the same as in most village homes. “I had to help my mother look after my younger brothers and sisters and do housework,” said Khan.
The reason the Northern and Southern Dynasties had failed in their rule was that they allowed literary splendor to surpass real substance.
The reason the cat is not included in the 12 animals of the Chinese zodiac is very simple.
The reason the report had so many mistakes was because I wrote it in a hurry.
The reason the revival of Hebrew succeeded is that Hebrew was never far from the lips and pens of the Jewish people.
The reason they're so selfish is that you pamper them so much.
The reason this sandwich is delicious is the bread.
The reason was unclear.
The reason we have parties is to have fun.
The reason we have so many stray cats around here is that Tom has been feeding them.
The reason we're on strike is that the company hasn't improved our wages.
The reason we’re on strike is that the company hasn’t improved our wages.
The reason which he gave is hard to understand.
The reason why I can't marry Fadil is that I'm in love with someone else.
The reason why I can't marry Tom is that I'm in love with someone else.
The reason why I got a bad grade is that I did not study.
The reason why Mary behaves like this is she's jealous of your success.
The reason why Tom has done so much in his life is because he has so many clones.
The reason why he came so early is not evident.
The reason why he didn't make it in that accident was because his airbag didn't trigger properly.
The reason why he left the tennis club is obscure.
The reason why he should resign his job is that he is not equal to it.
The reason why many language learners never become fluent is that they talk the walk more than they walk the talk.
The reason why the 'ils/elles' form of 'venir' is 'viennent' instead of 'vienent' is because in French, you can't have a stressed /ə/ sound before a consonant and a mute e, so it has to accommodate by changing the /ə/ to an /ε/, this time by doubling the letter 'n.' 'Viens' and 'vient' don't have this change because -s and -t are both consonants, but the 'ils/elles' suffix -ent begins with a vowel, changing the 'vien-' from a closed syllable to an open syllable.
The reason why we cannot support his view will be given below.
The reason why we have two ears and only one mouth is so that we may listen more and talk less.
The reason why you failed is you did not try hard enough.
The reason why you failed is you didn't try hard enough.
The reason why your corneas are getting covered with pterygium—what is called "the Surfer's Eye"—is because you are exposing yourself too much to the sun and the wind.
The reason will never be known.
The reason you can't even imagine a life without WhatsApp is that Mark made us addicted to his own social media.
The reason you didn't wake up just now was because you wanted me to punish you, right?
The reason you don't learn is because you don't practice.
The reason you have a headache is because you've been working too hard.
The reason you kill Nazis is so they don't get standing ovations from the Canadian parliament when they're 98.
The reasons Tom gave for doing that weren't very good.
The reasons against this are as follows.
The reasons are as follows.
The reasons are unclear.
The reasons are understandable.
The reasons for our failure are as follows.
The reasons for the prosecution dropping the case are unclear.
The reasons for this neglect are not hard to discover.
The reasons of our failure are the following.
The reasons that he gave are difficult to comprehend.
The reasons were unclear.
The reasons weren't explained.
The rebel concealed his ambition to destroy the regime.
The rebel leader was executed.
The rebel troops captured the barracks by surprise.
The rebel was ultimately captured and confined to jail.
The rebel was ultimately captured and confined to prison.
The rebellion in England is frightening.
The rebellion lasted about two months.
The rebellion was abruptly called off.
The rebellion was crushed.
The rebellion was soon put down.
The rebellion was suppressed.
The rebels are not to be spared.
The rebels attacked him there.
The rebels attacked the city when night came on.
The rebels attempted to seize power.
The rebels began distributing food and clothing from the storehouse to the locals.
The rebels did not only take hostages, but also set the entire village on fire.
The rebels fought back against the emperor.
The rebels have captured the broadcasting station.
The rebels have left the city.
The rebels have taken control of the capital.
The rebels looted shops and set bins alight.
The rebels looted shops and set bins on fire.
The rebels looted stores and lit trash bins on fire.
The rebels made a barricade across the road.
The rebels raided the armory, then disappeared back into the countryside to plan their next attack.
The rebels rebranded themselves as the "United Force."
The rebels sabotaged the railroad.
The rebels took control of the capital.
The rebels took them away.
The rebels tried in vain to sink the submarine.
The rebels were disarmed.
The rebels were executed.
The rebels were in control of the embassy's compound for eleven days.
The rebels were slaughtered.
The rebels were tired and hungry but friendly.
The receipt has to be signed and stamped by the authorities.
The receiver collects the electromagnetic waves and demodulates them, decoding the sender’s message.
The recent "Newton Project" digitized all of his manuscripts, so it is now possible to read what he wrote in his own handwriting.
The recent advances in medicine are remarkable.
The recent catastrophic flooding in Japan, the worst in decades, has claimed at least 150 lives.
The recent coffee shortage brought about many problems.
The recent data has caused a reversal of expectations.
