Tom told me to go buy some bread.
Tom told me to go by myself.
Tom told me to go home early.
Tom told me to go home.
Tom told me to go to Australia.
Tom told me to go to Boston.
Tom told me to go to bed early.
Tom told me to have the report written by Monday.
Tom told me to head north.
Tom told me to hide under the bed.
Tom told me to invite you to his party.
Tom told me to join the army.
Tom told me to keep it secret.
Tom told me to keep my mouth shut.
Tom told me to keep quiet.
Tom told me to keep this a secret.
Tom told me to keep walking.
Tom told me to keep what happened secret.
Tom told me to knock on the door.
Tom told me to knock three times.
Tom told me to leave right away.
Tom told me to leave the room immediately.
Tom told me to leave the window open.
Tom told me to leave.
Tom told me to load my pistol.
Tom told me to look him up if I ever get to Boston.
Tom told me to make sure I didn't lose his keys.
Tom told me to make sure that Mary was safe.
Tom told me to meet him at his apartment.
Tom told me to meet him at his house.
Tom told me to meet him at the restaurant next to the hotel.
Tom told me to meet him in front of the concert hall.
Tom told me to meet him in front of the theater.
Tom told me to meet him there.
Tom told me to mind my own business.
Tom told me to not open the envelope up till it was my birthday.
Tom told me to not talk to Mary again.
Tom told me to not talk to Mary anymore.
Tom told me to open the window.
Tom told me to pack up and leave.
Tom told me to pay the bill.
Tom told me to quit doing that.
Tom told me to quit smoking.
Tom told me to relax.
Tom told me to run.
Tom told me to say nothing.
Tom told me to shut the gate.
Tom told me to shut up.
Tom told me to sing.
Tom told me to sit down.
Tom told me to slow down.
Tom told me to speak French.
Tom told me to speak more slowly.
Tom told me to speak to you in French.
Tom told me to start at once.
Tom told me to stay at home.
Tom told me to stay away from Mary.
Tom told me to stay away from his sister.
Tom told me to stay away from there.
Tom told me to stay here until he got back.
Tom told me to stay here.
Tom told me to stay in my room.
Tom told me to stay out of his room.
Tom told me to stay out of his way.
Tom told me to stay quiet.
Tom told me to stay relaxed.
Tom told me to stay where I was.
Tom told me to stay.
Tom told me to stop as soon as I started doing that.
Tom told me to stop crying.
Tom told me to stop doing that.
Tom told me to stop talking.
Tom told me to stop.
Tom told me to study French.
Tom told me to swim.
Tom told me to take good care of myself.
Tom told me to take good care of you.
Tom told me to talk to Mary about that.
Tom told me to talk to Mary.
Tom told me to talk to you.
Tom told me to tell you Mary is OK.
Tom told me to tell you Mary is fine.
Tom told me to tell you he's OK.
Tom told me to tell you he's fine.
Tom told me to tell you that he appreciates everything you've done for him.
Tom told me to think for myself.
Tom told me to treat others with respect.
Tom told me to turn off the radio.
Tom told me to turn the radio off.
Tom told me to wait for him.
Tom told me to wait here.
Tom told me to wait outside.
Tom told me to wait.
Tom told me to wash my face.
Tom told me to wash my hands.
Tom told me to watch out for you.
Tom told me today that he loved me.
Tom told me we didn't have to go to school next Monday.
Tom told me we had a problem.
Tom told me we were out of time.
Tom told me we're out of time.
Tom told me we're supposed to wait here.
Tom told me what I needed to know.
Tom told me what I should do while he was gone.
Tom told me what I should say.
Tom told me what John told you.
Tom told me what Mary had told him to tell me.
Tom told me what Mary said.
Tom told me what had happened.
Tom told me what happened here.
Tom told me what happened when you tried to kiss Mary.
Tom told me what happened.
Tom told me what he did.
Tom told me what he saw.
Tom told me what he thinks about my plan.
Tom told me what he thought of my plan.
Tom told me what he wanted for Christmas.
Tom told me what he wanted me to buy at the supermarket.
Tom told me what he wanted.
Tom told me what he wants.
Tom told me what he'd done.
Tom told me what he'd like for Christmas.
Tom told me what kind of person Mary was.
Tom told me what needed to be done.
Tom told me what time the meeting started.
Tom told me what to do next.
Tom told me what to do.
Tom told me what to say.
Tom told me what was happening there.
Tom told me what was happening.
Tom told me what you did.
Tom told me what you said about me.
Tom told me what you said.
Tom told me what you're up to.
Tom told me where I could buy pomegranates.
Tom told me where I could buy the part I needed.
Tom told me where I could find Mary.
Tom told me where Mary lives.
Tom told me where Mary was.
Tom told me where he had hidden the gold coins.
Tom told me where he had hidden the old coins.
Tom told me where he hid the stolen diamonds.
Tom told me where he lived.
Tom told me where he parked his car.
Tom told me where he was planning on doing that.
Tom told me where he was planning on going.
Tom told me where he was planning on staying.
Tom told me where he was planning to do that.
Tom told me where he was planning to eat.
Tom told me where he was planning to go.
Tom told me where he was planning to stay.
Tom told me where the party would be, but he forgot to tell me what time it was going to start.
Tom told me where to buy what I needed.
Tom told me where to find Mary.
Tom told me where to find them.
Tom told me where to find you.
Tom told me where to go next.
Tom told me where to go.
Tom told me where to hang my jacket.
Tom told me where to park my car.
Tom told me where to put his suitcase.
Tom told me where to put my suitcases.
Tom told me where to shop.
Tom told me where to stop.
Tom told me where you hid the gold coins.
Tom told me where you live.
Tom told me where you were.
Tom told me which book I should buy.
Tom told me which book to buy.
Tom told me which dress to wear.
Tom told me who I should talk to.
Tom told me who you were asking to the prom.
Tom told me why I had to do this.
Tom told me why I should study French.
Tom told me why Mary doesn't like me.
Tom told me why he agreed to do that.
Tom told me why he couldn't do that.
Tom told me why he couldn't win.
Tom told me why he did that.
Tom told me why he didn't do that.
Tom told me why he didn't like Mary.
Tom told me why he didn't want to do that.
Tom told me why he didn't want to go.
Tom told me why he didn't win.
Tom told me why he left early.
Tom told me why he needed my help.
Tom told me why he wanted me to do that for Mary.
Tom told me why he wanted me to do that for him.
Tom told me why he wanted to study French.
Tom told me why he was angry.
Tom told me why he was late.
Tom told me why he was worried about that.
Tom told me why he wasn't able to do that.
Tom told me why he wasn't able to win.
Tom told me why he wasn't at the meeting.
Tom told me why he'd decided to study French.
Tom told me why it was a bad idea to do that.
Tom told me why it was a good idea to do that.
Tom told me why it would be a bad idea to do that.
Tom told me why it would be a good idea to do that.
Tom told me yesterday that Mary would do that tomorrow.
Tom told me yesterday that Mary would go tomorrow.
Tom told me yesterday that he wouldn't be at school today.
Tom told me yesterday that he'd do that tomorrow.
Tom told me yesterday that he'd go tomorrow.
Tom told me yesterday that he'll do that tomorrow.
Tom told me yesterday that he'll go tomorrow.
Tom told me you agreed to do that.
Tom told me you agreed with Mary.
Tom told me you agreed with him.
Tom told me you and Mary are planning to get married.
Tom told me you and Mary were dating.
Tom told me you ate at Chuck's Diner last night.
Tom told me you could do that.
Tom told me you could speak French.
Tom told me you could take care of yourself.
Tom told me you could win.
Tom told me you couldn't do that.
Tom told me you cried.
Tom told me you despised Mary.
Tom told me you did it.
Tom told me you did that.
Tom told me you didn't cry.
Tom told me you didn't do that.
Tom told me you didn't eat pork.
Tom told me you didn't know how to speak French.
Tom told me you didn't like me.
Tom told me you didn't tell me everything.
Tom told me you didn't win.
Tom told me you got married.
Tom told me you guys were unreliable.
Tom told me you had a blind date.
Tom told me you had a cold.
Tom told me you had something to do with that.
Tom told me you had stopped by.
Tom told me you hate dancing.
Tom told me you hit Mary.
Tom told me you hit him.
Tom told me you knew how to do that.
Tom told me you left early.
Tom told me you left.
Tom told me you lied.
Tom told me you like playing chess.
Tom told me you like to eat spicy food.
Tom told me you liked dogs.
Tom told me you liked going to concerts.
Tom told me you might be able to help.
Tom told me you might be calling.
Tom told me you might come by.
Tom told me you need help.
Tom told me you needed my help.
Tom told me you needed some money.
Tom told me you only want two hundred dollars for your guitar.
Tom told me you played the flute.
Tom told me you probably know where Mary lives.
Tom told me you slept on his couch last night.
Tom told me you sold a painting.
Tom told me you speak French.
Tom told me you studied French.
Tom told me you think I had something to do with this.
Tom told me you think that I had something to do with this.
Tom told me you told him that I wouldn't go to his party.
Tom told me you understood French.
Tom told me you used to live in Australia.
Tom told me you walked home by yourself last night.
Tom told me you wanted to go hiking with us.
Tom told me you went to Australia.
Tom told me you went to Boston.
Tom told me you were a good hockey player.
Tom told me you were a little nervous.
Tom told me you were able to do that.
Tom told me you were able to win.
Tom told me you were afraid.
Tom told me you were allergic to cats.
Tom told me you were busy.
Tom told me you were crazy.
Tom told me you were dead.
Tom told me you were dissatisfied.
Tom told me you were friends.
Tom told me you were going to die.
Tom told me you were going to help Mary.
Tom told me you were happy.
Tom told me you were helpful.
Tom told me you were here.
Tom told me you were in Australia.
Tom told me you were in Boston.
Tom told me you were in charge around here.
Tom told me you were in charge.
Tom told me you were in here.
Tom told me you were looking for a babysitter.
Tom told me you were lying about that.
Tom told me you were married.
Tom told me you were on vacation.
Tom told me you were planning on dropping out of school.
Tom told me you were planning to go to Australia in three weeks.
Tom told me you were planning to go to Boston in three weeks.
Tom told me you were pretty good at tennis.
Tom told me you were retired.
Tom told me you were right.
Tom told me you were sick.
Tom told me you were still in Australia.
Tom told me you were still in Boston.
Tom told me you were studying French.
Tom told me you were the one to talk to.
Tom told me you were the person to talk to.
Tom told me you were to blame.
Tom told me you were upset.
Tom told me you were with him yesterday afternoon.
Tom told me you were with my son when he died.
Tom told me you weren't able to do that.
Tom told me you weren't able to win.
Tom told me you won.
Tom told me you work for Mary.
Tom told me you work for him.
Tom told me you would be here.
Tom told me you would stop by.
Tom told me you wouldn't cry.
Tom told me you wouldn't do that.
Tom told me you wouldn't win.
Tom told me you'd be here today.
Tom told me you'd be here.
Tom told me you'd died.
Tom told me you'd do that.
Tom told me you'd done that.
Tom told me you'd need this.
Tom told me you'd say that.
Tom told me you'd stop by.
Tom told me you'd want this.
Tom told me you'd win.
Tom told me you'll be graduating this year.
Tom told me you're a French teacher.
Tom told me you're a better drummer than Mary is.
Tom told me you're a compulsive gambler.
Tom told me you're a doctor.
Tom told me you're a good singer.
Tom told me you're famous.
Tom told me you're from Australia.
Tom told me you're from Boston.
Tom told me you're going to help him.
Tom told me you're good at playing the trumpet.
Tom told me you're only planning on staying here for three days.
Tom told me you're smart.
Tom told me you're the best lawyer in town.
Tom told me you're the person I should talk to.
Tom told me you're undependable.
Tom told me you're unreliable.
Tom told me you're very good at French.
Tom told me you're very good at baseball.
Tom told me you've been to Australia before.
Tom told me you've been to Boston before.
Tom told me.
Tom told my whole family.
Tom told no one.
Tom told on me.
Tom told only me.
Tom told people only what they needed to know.
Tom told people what they needed to know.
Tom told some dirty jokes.
Tom told some stupid jokes.
Tom told someone else our secret.
Tom told the academic coordinator all of his worries about the program.
Tom told the authorities that he saw Mary being abducted by aliens.
Tom told the boys to line up.
Tom told the cab driver to take him to the Hilton Hotel.
Tom told the children a story.
Tom told the children an interesting story.
Tom told the children many stories.
Tom told the children not to go near his dog.
Tom told the children that he and their mother were getting divorced.
Tom told the children that they could stay here in the room if they didn't make any noise.
Tom told the children that they could stay here in the room if they didn’t make any noise.
Tom told the children that they could stay in this room as long as they didn't make any noise.
Tom told the children to line up.
Tom told the children to stay away from his dog.
Tom told the cop he had just gotten home.
Tom told the cop to come back when he had a warrant.
Tom told the cops everything.
Tom told the doctor he'd fainted three times last week.
Tom told the doctor that he felt no pain.
Tom told the doctor that he'd fainted three times last week.
Tom told the dog to stay.
Tom told the judge he wanted a different lawyer.
Tom told the judge he was sorry.
Tom told the judge his side of the story.
Tom told the judge that he was innocent.
Tom told the judge the truth.
Tom told the men sitting around the table that he'd never played poker before.
Tom told the men sitting around the table that he’d never played poker before.
Tom told the police I was the one who had stolen his bicycle.
Tom told the police I was the one who stole his bicycle.
Tom told the police about what had happened.
Tom told the police detective that he didn't recognize the man in the photo.
Tom told the police everything he knew.
Tom told the police everything that he knew.
Tom told the police everything.
Tom told the police he had been attacked by three men.
Tom told the police he had been framed.
Tom told the police he'd been mugged by three men.
Tom told the police he'd received death threats.
Tom told the police that I was the one who had stolen his bicycle.
Tom told the police that I was the one who stole his bicycle.
Tom told the police that Mary had eaten at the restaurant in question before she died.
Tom told the police that Mary was missing.
Tom told the police that Mary's sudden disappearance was out of character for her.
Tom told the police that he had been attacked by three men.
Tom told the police that he had seen nothing suspicious.
Tom told the police that he heard three shots.
Tom told the police that he shot Mary in self-defense.
Tom told the police that he'd been mugged by three men.
Tom told the police that he'd been mugged.
Tom told the police that he'd been robbed.
Tom told the police that he'd received death threats.
Tom told the police that his wallet had been stolen.
Tom told the police that three men had attacked him.
Tom told the police that three men had mugged him.
Tom told the police three men had attacked him.
Tom told the police three men had mugged him.
Tom told the police what had happened.
Tom told the police what happened.
Tom told the police what he saw.
Tom told the police where he'd been mugged.
Tom told the repairman what he thought needed to be done.
Tom told the reporters that the police hadn't handcuffed him.
Tom told the taxi driver to keep the change.
Tom told the taxi driver to turn left.
Tom told the teacher what I'd done.
Tom told the team he wants to quit.
Tom told the truth to Marie.
Tom told the truth, I'm pretty sure.
Tom told the truth.
Tom told the waiter that he wanted to sit by the window.
Tom told the waiter that he'd rather sit by the window.
Tom told the waiter to give our compliments to the chef.
Tom told the whole story yesterday.
Tom told them everything they wanted to know.
Tom told them not to do that.
Tom told them that he wouldn't be cleaning up after anybody.
Tom told them to leave him alone.
Tom told them.
Tom told us Mary would be here.
Tom told us Mary's condition hadn't changed.
Tom told us a beautiful story.
Tom told us a bizarre story.
Tom told us a funny story.
Tom told us a good joke.
Tom told us a joke that made everyone laugh.
Tom told us a long story.
Tom told us a lot of jokes.
Tom told us a sad story about an old man and his dog.
Tom told us a sad story.
Tom told us a story about a monster that ate children.
Tom told us a story that I didn't find interesting.
Tom told us a story.
Tom told us a strange story.
Tom told us a very interesting story.
Tom told us a whale of a tale.
Tom told us a whole pack of lies.
Tom told us about all the things that he wanted.
Tom told us about his childhood.
Tom told us about his day.
Tom told us about his last trip to Australia.
Tom told us about his last trip to Boston.
Tom told us about his life in Australia.
Tom told us about his life in Boston.
Tom told us about his trip.
Tom told us about how much weight you lost.
Tom told us about how nice you were to Mary.
Tom told us about how nice you were to him.
Tom told us about it.
Tom told us about the accident.
Tom told us about the explosion.
Tom told us about the massacre.
Tom told us about the problem.
Tom told us about the robbery.
Tom told us about the stampede.
Tom told us about this.
Tom told us about what happened next.
Tom told us about what happened.
Tom told us about what he did in Australia.
Tom told us about what he did in Boston.
Tom told us about you.
Tom told us all a story.
Tom told us all about you.
Tom told us all why he couldn't attend the meeting.
Tom told us an incredible story.
Tom told us an interesting story.
Tom told us another one of his stupid jokes.
Tom told us everything about you.
Tom told us everything.
Tom told us exactly the same thing.
Tom told us he could do that.
Tom told us he could help.
Tom told us he could speak French.
Tom told us he could teach us French.
Tom told us he could understand French.
Tom told us he could win.
Tom told us he couldn't do that.
Tom told us he couldn't eat peanuts.
Tom told us he couldn't help.
Tom told us he couldn't win.
Tom told us he didn't eat pork.
Tom told us he didn't think he could do that.
Tom told us he didn't think he could win.
Tom told us he didn't think he'd do that.
Tom told us he didn't think he'd win.
Tom told us he didn't want to do that.
Tom told us he didn't want to eat anything spicy.
Tom told us he didn't want to play poker with us.
Tom told us he didn't want us to do that.
Tom told us he escaped.
Tom told us he had a headache.
Tom told us he had cried.
Tom told us he loved skiing.
Tom told us he thought he could become a famous singer.
Tom told us he thought he'd do that.
Tom told us he thought he'd win.
Tom told us he thought that he could become a famous singer.
Tom told us he wanted to go with us.
Tom told us he was really frustrated.
Tom told us he was too old to go out dancing all night.
Tom told us he wasn't allowed to help.
Tom told us he would agree to do that.
Tom told us he would do that again.
Tom told us he would do that.
Tom told us he would study French.
Tom told us he wouldn't come back before 2:30.
Tom told us he wouldn't cry.
Tom told us he wouldn't do that again.
Tom told us he wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom told us he wouldn't do that.
Tom told us he wouldn't eat the stew that Mary had made.
Tom told us he'd be waiting in front of the post office.
Tom told us he'd be willing to teach us French.
Tom told us he'd teach us French.
Tom told us he'd win.
Tom told us his side of the story. Mary told us hers.
Tom told us his story.
Tom told us his version of what happened.
Tom told us how he did that.
Tom told us how he got away.
Tom told us how he met Mary.
Tom told us how much his house cost.
Tom told us how to do that.
Tom told us it was an old ship.
Tom told us made-up stories to make himself seem interesting.
Tom told us no.
Tom told us not to agree to do that.
Tom told us not to be afraid.
Tom told us not to be frightened.
Tom told us not to cry.
Tom told us not to disturb Mary.
Tom told us not to do that again.
Tom told us not to do that anymore.
Tom told us not to do that, but we did it anyway.
Tom told us not to do that.
Tom told us not to do this.
Tom told us not to eat what was on the table.
Tom told us not to go outside.
Tom told us not to make any noise.
Tom told us not to park in front of his house.
Tom told us not to sing.
Tom told us not to swim here.
Tom told us not to wait.
Tom told us not to worry about anything.
Tom told us not to worry.
Tom told us nothing about himself.
Tom told us some funny stories.
Tom told us some interesting stories.
Tom told us some jokes.
Tom told us some scary stories.
Tom told us some stories.
Tom told us something else.
Tom told us that Mary would be here.
Tom told us that doing that wasn't necessary.
Tom told us that doing that wouldn't be necessary.
Tom told us that he did that by himself.
Tom told us that he didn't eat meat.
Tom told us that he didn't eat pork.
Tom told us that he didn't want to do that.
Tom told us that he had a headache.
Tom told us that he had cried.
Tom told us that he knew the risks.
Tom told us that he thought doing that would be dangerous.
Tom told us that he thought he could become a famous singer.
Tom told us that he thought it would rain all day.
Tom told us that he thought that he could become a famous singer.
Tom told us that he was really frustrated.
Tom told us that he'd be back by 2:30.
Tom told us that he'd be willing to teach us French.
Tom told us that he'd come in person.
Tom told us that he'd cooperate.
Tom told us that he'd teach us French.
Tom told us that he’d come in person.
Tom told us that it wasn't necessary to do that.
Tom told us that it wouldn't necessary to do that.
Tom told us that the room was locked.
Tom told us that there was no need to hurry.
Tom told us that we could buy a ticket at the door.
Tom told us that we need to be more careful.
Tom told us that we needed to be more careful.
Tom told us that we should come back tomorrow.
Tom told us that we should go.
Tom told us that we should leave early.
Tom told us that we should leave right away.
Tom told us that we were wasting our time.
Tom told us that we would eat as soon as we got to the cabin.
Tom told us that you were Canadian, too.
Tom told us that you're Canadians, too.
Tom told us that you're a Canadian, too.
Tom told us that you're both Canadians.
Tom told us the good news.
Tom told us the reason why he didn't want to go.
Tom told us the reason why he was late.
Tom told us the truth, I think.
Tom told us this morning that he and Mary were moving to Australia.
Tom told us this morning that he and Mary were moving to Boston.
Tom told us three good reasons why we shouldn't do that.
Tom told us to be careful.
Tom told us to be patient.
Tom told us to be quiet.
Tom told us to calm down.
Tom told us to do it.
Tom told us to do that.
Tom told us to do this.
Tom told us to eat as much as we wanted.
Tom told us to follow him.
Tom told us to get in the car.
Tom told us to get on the bus.
Tom told us to keep quiet.
Tom told us to leave him alone.
Tom told us to leave.
Tom told us to make sure we got there on time.
Tom told us to run.
Tom told us to speak French.
Tom told us to stay back.
Tom told us to stay calm.
Tom told us to stay where we were.
Tom told us to stay.
Tom told us to stop doing that.
Tom told us to stop talking.
Tom told us to stop what we were doing.
Tom told us to stop.
Tom told us to study French.
Tom told us to swap seats.
Tom told us to take our time.
Tom told us to wait for him.
Tom told us to wait here.
Tom told us to wait until 2:30.
Tom told us to wait.
Tom told us we made a mistake.
Tom told us we should come back tomorrow.
Tom told us we were wasting our time.
Tom told us we'd find you here.
Tom told us what changes he thought should be made.
Tom told us what changes he thought we should make.
Tom told us what had happened.
Tom told us what happened.
Tom told us what he had experienced.
Tom told us what he knew.
Tom told us what to buy at the supermarket.
Tom told us what to do in French.
Tom told us what to do.
Tom told us what was going on.
Tom told us what we needed to do.
Tom told us where he spent his spring vacation.
Tom told us where to find Mary.
Tom told us where to put our suitcases.
Tom told us where to wait for Mary.
Tom told us where to wait for him.
Tom told us why he'd been absent.
Tom told us why that happened.
Tom told us why.
Tom told us you couldn't be trusted.
Tom told us you hit Mary.
Tom told us you hit him.
Tom told us you were Canadian, too.
Tom told us you were busy.
Tom told us you're Canadians, too.
Tom told us you're a Canadian, too.
Tom told us you're both Canadians.
Tom told us.
Tom told you I wanted to talk to you, right?
Tom told you I was coming, didn't he?
Tom told you a lie.
Tom told you about what we did, didn't he?
Tom told you all our secrets, didn't he?
Tom told you not to do it. Why did you not obey him?
Tom told you not to do it. Why didn't you obey?
Tom told you not to do that, didn't he?
Tom told you something, didn't he?
Tom told you the truth.
Tom told you the wrong price.
Tom told you to come and see what I was doing, right?
Tom told you to come, too.
Tom told you to say that, didn't he?
Tom told you what happened, didn't he?
Tom told you what to do, didn't he?
Tom told you, didn't he?
Tom tolerated Mary.
Tom tolerates Mary.
Tom took 300 dollars from his wallet and gave it to Mary.
Tom took Cookie to the groomer's.
Tom took French classes in high school.
Tom took French for three semesters.
Tom took French in college.
Tom took French in high school.
Tom took French last year.
Tom took Friday off.
Tom took John by the throat and strangled him, because the gold was glowing so beautifully in the sun. Then he put the ring on his finger.
Tom took Maria in his arms and gave her a kiss on the cheek.
Tom took Mary along.
Tom took Mary and her daughter home.
Tom took Mary aside and told her the news.
Tom took Mary aside to talk privately.
Tom took Mary back home.
Tom took Mary back to her car.
Tom took Mary back to the doctor.
Tom took Mary back when her affair with her boss didn't work out.
Tom took Mary by surprise while she was in the arms of her lover.
Tom took Mary by the arm.
Tom took Mary by the hand.
Tom took Mary dancing.
Tom took Mary home.
Tom took Mary in his arms and hugged her.
Tom took Mary in his arms and kissed her.
Tom took Mary in his arms.
Tom took Mary into his arms and kissed her passionately on the lips.
Tom took Mary into his arms and kissed her passionately.
Tom took Mary into his arms, and they kissed each other passionately.
Tom took Mary into his office.
Tom took Mary into the house.
Tom took Mary on a date.
Tom took Mary on a fishing trip.
Tom took Mary on a romantic vacation.
Tom took Mary out for a drink.
Tom took Mary out for dinner.
Tom took Mary out for lunch.
Tom took Mary out last Friday evening.
Tom took Mary out last Monday evening.
Tom took Mary out on a date.
Tom took Mary out on his boat.
Tom took Mary out to dinner.
Tom took Mary out to lunch.
Tom took Mary out.
Tom took Mary somewhere special for her birthday.
Tom took Mary somewhere special on her birthday.
Tom took Mary swimming.
Tom took Mary to Acapulco.
Tom took Mary to Australia for a week.
Tom took Mary to Australia with him.
Tom took Mary to Boston for a week.
Tom took Mary to Boston with him.
Tom took Mary to Boston.
Tom took Mary to a bar.
Tom took Mary to a basketball game.
Tom took Mary to a beachfront restaurant for dinner.
Tom took Mary to a burger joint on their first date.
Tom took Mary to a fancy Italian restaurant on their anniversary.
Tom took Mary to a fancy dinner last week.
Tom took Mary to a fancy restaurant on their anniversary.
Tom took Mary to a nice restaurant.
Tom took Mary to a nightclub.
Tom took Mary to an Italian restaurant.
Tom took Mary to an expensive restaurant.
Tom took Mary to dinner.
Tom took Mary to his favorite restaurant on their wedding anniversary.
Tom took Mary to hospital.
Tom took Mary to one of the best restaurants in town.
Tom took Mary to school.
Tom took Mary to small claims court.
Tom took Mary to the airport.
Tom took Mary to the best restaurant in town.
Tom took Mary to the clinic.
Tom took Mary to the doctor's.
Tom took Mary to the emergency room.
Tom took Mary to the fair.
Tom took Mary to the homecoming dance.
Tom took Mary to the hospital on the back of his motorcycle.
Tom took Mary to the hospital.
Tom took Mary to the lake.
Tom took Mary to the mall.
Tom took Mary to the nearest hospital.
Tom took Mary to the park.
Tom took Mary to the store.
Tom took Mary to the train station.
Tom took Mary to the zoo.
Tom took Mary under his wing.
Tom took Mary with him.
Tom took Mary's arm and they started walking.
Tom took Mary's arm.
Tom took Mary's book.
Tom took Mary's car keys away because she was drunk.
Tom took Mary's car keys away from her.
Tom took Mary's car keys from her.
Tom took Mary's dog for a walk.
Tom took Mary's dogs for a walk.
Tom took Mary's empty glass from her hand and refilled it.
Tom took Mary's face between his hands and bent down to kiss her.
Tom took Mary's glass of wine.
Tom took Mary's hand and kissed it.
Tom took Mary's hand and sat down next to her.
Tom took Mary's hand and squeezed it.
Tom took Mary's hand, brought it to his lips and kissed it.
Tom took Mary's hands and brought them to his lips.
Tom took Mary's hands and held them tightly.
Tom took Mary's money.
Tom took Mary's picture with his iPhone.
Tom took Mary's picture.
Tom took Mary's place.
Tom took Mary's seat.
Tom took Mary's side.
Tom took Mary's suitcase by mistake.
Tom took Mary's suitcase out of the trunk.
Tom took Mary's suitcase up to her room.
Tom took Monday off.
Tom took a bad fall.
Tom took a basket weaving class.
Tom took a basket-making class.
Tom took a basketweaving class.
Tom took a bath before dinner.
Tom took a bath last night.
Tom took a bath.
Tom took a beating last week.
Tom took a beer from the cooler and opened it.
Tom took a beer out of the fridge and handed it to Mary.
Tom took a big bite out of Mary's sandwich.
Tom took a big bite out of his sandwich.
Tom took a big breath and blew out the candles.
Tom took a big gulp of his drink.
Tom took a big gulp of water.
Tom took a big risk.
Tom took a big sip.
Tom took a big swig from the bottle.
Tom took a bite from each apple, so no one else would eat them.
Tom took a bite of Mary's donut.
Tom took a bite of my apple.
Tom took a bite of the apple.
Tom took a bite out of each apple.
Tom took a bite out of his sandwich.
Tom took a bite out of the apple.
Tom took a bite out of the cookie.
Tom took a bite.
Tom took a blanket off the bed and wrapped it around himself.
Tom took a boat trip to explore hidden beaches.
Tom took a boat trip to see the whales migrating.
Tom took a bold step.
Tom took a book down from the shelf.
Tom took a book from the bookshelf and started reading it.
Tom took a book from the shelf.
Tom took a book off the shelf and handed it to Mary.
Tom took a book off the shelf.
Tom took a book out of his backpack.
Tom took a book out of his briefcase.
Tom took a book out of his knapsack and started reading.
Tom took a bottle of pills out of his pocket.
Tom took a bottle of pink pills out of his pocket.
Tom took a break from studying.
Tom took a break.
Tom took a breath and then started swimming underwater.
Tom took a breath and tried to compose himself.
Tom took a bubble bath.
Tom took a bullet for me.
Tom took a bus back to Boston.
Tom took a bus both ways.
Tom took a bus to Boston.
Tom took a butcher knife out of the drawer.
Tom took a cab to the hospital.
Tom took a cab to the museum.
Tom took a cab.
Tom took a can of beer from the fridge.
Tom took a can opener out of the drawer.
Tom took a chance on me.
Tom took a chance.
Tom took a class in self-defense.
Tom took a class to learn how to manage his anger.
Tom took a clipboard out of his briefcase.
Tom took a closer look at it.
Tom took a closer look at the picture.
Tom took a closer look at the syringe.
Tom took a closer look.
Tom took a cold bath.
Tom took a cold shower this morning.
Tom took a cold shower.
Tom took a commercial flight to Boston.
Tom took a cookie.
Tom took a couple of bills out of his wallet and handed them to Mary.
Tom took a couple of eggs out of the refrigerator.
Tom took a couple of sleeping pills, hoping that he'd get a good night's sleep.
Tom took a couple of steps back.
Tom took a courageous stand.
Tom took a crack at it.
Tom took a crack at the problem.
Tom took a crash course in French.
Tom took a creative writing class.
Tom took a crumpled chocolate bar from his pocket.
Tom took a crumpled shirt out of the bag and asked "Do you have an iron?"
Tom took a cup out of the cabinet.
Tom took a day off from work because he had a cold.
Tom took a day off from work.
Tom took a day off.
Tom took a deep breath and closed his eyes.
Tom took a deep breath and said nothing.
Tom took a deep breath and started speaking.
Tom took a deep breath and started to speak.
Tom took a deep breath and stood up.
Tom took a deep breath and then started talking.
Tom took a deep breath and then swam to the other end of the pool underwater.
Tom took a deep breath to calm himself.
Tom took a deep breath.
Tom took a different approach.
Tom took a different path.
Tom took a dip in the pool after a long day of hiking.
Tom took a direct flight to Boston.
Tom took a donut.
Tom took a drink and then handed his flask to Mary.
Tom took a drink and then offered the bottle to Mary.
Tom took a drink from a bottle of wine.
Tom took a drink from his bottle of beer.
Tom took a drink from his glass.
Tom took a drink from his wine glass.
Tom took a drink from the fountain.
Tom took a few deep breaths.
Tom took a few more pictures of Mary.
Tom took a few photos around his new apartment to send to his mother.
Tom took a few snapshots.
Tom took a few steps closer to Mary.
Tom took a few steps forward.
Tom took a few things out of his suitcase.
Tom took a fifteen-minute break.
Tom took a flower out of the vase while no one was looking.
Tom took a folded paper out of his pocket and put it on the table.
Tom took a folded piece of paper from his pocket and placed it on the table.
Tom took a folded piece of paper out of his pocket and placed it on the table.
Tom took a folded piece of paper out of his pocket and put it on the table in front of Mary.
Tom took a folded piece of paper out of his pocket.
Tom took a folded piece of paper out of his shirt pocket.
Tom took a gap year after he didn't get into medical school.
Tom took a glassblowing class.
Tom took a group of schoolchildren hostage.
Tom took a guess.
Tom took a gulp of water.
Tom took a handful of popcorn from the bowl.
Tom took a handkerchief out and blew his nose.
Tom took a handkerchief out of his pocket.
Tom took a hard hit.
Tom took a header down the stairs.
Tom took a high-speed train.
Tom took a hot shower.
Tom took a job with a trading company.
Tom took a key from his pocket and opened the door.
Tom took a key out of his jacket pocket and laid it on the table.
Tom took a key out of his pocket and opened the door.
Tom took a key out of his pocket and unlocked the door.
Tom took a knife out of a drawer in the kitchen.
Tom took a knife out of the kitchen drawer.
Tom took a labouring job, but he just couldn't hack it after a few days.
Tom took a leak behind the barn.
Tom took a left.
Tom took a long cold shower.
Tom took a long drink from the glass of water.
Tom took a long drink of water.
Tom took a long drink.
Tom took a long time to get ready.
Tom took a long warm bath.
Tom took a look around the room.
Tom took a look at Mary's photo album.
Tom took a look at the gun.
Tom took a look at the pictures.
Tom took a look at what Mary had written.
Tom took a lot of damage in the boss battle, but Mary kept healing him in time.
Tom took a lot of photographs.
Tom took a lot of pictures at the party.
Tom took a lot of pictures in Australia.
Tom took a lot of pictures in Boston.
Tom took a lot of pictures of Mary's house.
Tom took a lot of pictures of Mary.
Tom took a lot of pictures when he was a teenager.
Tom took a lot of pictures when he was in Australia.
Tom took a lot of pictures when he was in Boston.
Tom took a lot of pictures.
Tom took a lot of things with him.
Tom took a lot of time doing that.
Tom took a magazine out of his briefcase and began reading it.
Tom took a metalworking class.
Tom took a moment to compose himself.
Tom took a moment to consider the consequences.
Tom took a mud bath.
Tom took a nail technician course.
Tom took a nap before the exam.
Tom took a nap for thirty minutes.
Tom took a nap in his car.
Tom took a nap on the sofa.
Tom took a nap this afternoon.
Tom took a nap.
Tom took a notebook out of his bag.
Tom took a notebook out.
Tom took a painkiller.
Tom took a painting class.
Tom took a pair of scissors out of the drawer.
Tom took a pen out of his shirt pocket.
Tom took a penlight out of his pocket.
Tom took a personality quiz out of one of Mary's magazines.
Tom took a personality test.
Tom took a photo of Mary and her dog.
Tom took a photo of Mary.
Tom took a picture of Mary and her dog.
Tom took a picture of Mary and sent it to John.
Tom took a picture of Mary standing under the cherry tree.
Tom took a picture of Mary's dog.
Tom took a picture of Mary's house.
Tom took a picture of Mary's new car and sent it to John.
Tom took a picture of Mary.
Tom took a picture of a squirrel while it was eating a nut.
Tom took a picture of himself and sent it to Mary.
Tom took a picture of himself and sent it to his girlfriend.
Tom took a picture of himself flexing his abs in front of the mirror.
Tom took a picture of himself on his phone and sent it to Mary.
Tom took a picture of himself pretending to push the Tower of Pisa.
Tom took a picture of himself with his iPhone.
Tom took a picture of his dog and sent it to Mary.
Tom took a picture of his new car and sent it to Mary.
Tom took a picture of his old camera with his new camera.
Tom took a picture of his own camera.
Tom took a picture of me.
Tom took a picture of the blackboard with his smartphone.
Tom took a picture of the cattle grazing on the hillside.
Tom took a picture of the cows.
Tom took a picture of the flowers.
Tom took a picture of the kitten.
Tom took a picture of the picture.
Tom took a picture of the rainbow.
Tom took a picture of us to send to his parents.
Tom took a picture of us.
Tom took a picture with his phone.
Tom took a picture with his smartphone.
Tom took a picture.
Tom took a piece of candy from the bag.
Tom took a piece of candy out of the bag and put it into his mouth.
Tom took a piece of candy out of the bag.
Tom took a piece of candy, unwrapped it and put it in his mouth.
Tom took a piece of paper out of his pocket and handed it to Mary.
Tom took a piece of pie and began eating it.
Tom took a pill from the bottle and swallowed it.
Tom took a pill from the prescription bottle and put it in his mouth.
Tom took a pistol out of his shoulder holster, checked it and put it back.
Tom took a plea deal.
Tom took a political compass test.
Tom took a pottery class.
Tom took a practice test.
Tom took a protein shake.
Tom took a psychology course in college.
Tom took a psychology course in high school.
Tom took a quick look around the room.
Tom took a quick look out the window.
Tom took a quick nap.
Tom took a quick shower, got dressed and ran to school.
Tom took a quick shower.
Tom took a really long time to reply.
Tom took a relaxing bath.
Tom took a right.
Tom took a roll of bills out of his pocket.
Tom took a sandwich out of the bag and started eating it.
Tom took a sandwich out of the picnic basket and handed it to Mary.
Tom took a sandwich out of the picnic basket and started eating it.
Tom took a screwdriver out of the tool chest.
Tom took a sealed envelope out of his pocket and gave it to Mary.
Tom took a seat across from Mary.
Tom took a seat at the counter.
Tom took a seat in the corner.
Tom took a seat next to Mary on the bench.
Tom took a seat next to Mary.
Tom took a seat.
Tom took a self-defense class.
Tom took a selfie and sent it to Mary.
Tom took a selfie in front of the mirror.
Tom took a selfie while flexing his muscles.
Tom took a selfie with his phone.
Tom took a selfie with his smartphone.
Tom took a shaky breath.
Tom took a sharp left.
Tom took a shirtless selfie.
Tom took a short break.
Tom took a short cut.
Tom took a short nap after lunch.
Tom took a shortcut through Mary's yard.
Tom took a shortcut through a dark alley.
Tom took a shortcut.
Tom took a shower and changed clothes as soon as he got home.
Tom took a shower and then put on his suit.
Tom took a shower and went to bed.
Tom took a shower as soon as he got home.
Tom took a shower before breakfast.
Tom took a shower.
Tom took a sip and frowned.
Tom took a sip from his beer can.
Tom took a sip from his coffee mug.
Tom took a sip from his glass of wine.
Tom took a sip of Mary drink since he wondered what it tasted like.
Tom took a sip of Mary's drink to see what it tasted like.
Tom took a sip of Mary's drink.
Tom took a sip of brandy.
Tom took a sip of coffee and then set down his cup.
Tom took a sip of coffee and then set his cup down.
Tom took a sip of coffee.
Tom took a sip of his coffee.
Tom took a sip of his drink and put the glass back on the table.
Tom took a sip of his drink and then set it down.
Tom took a sip of his drink.
Tom took a sip of his margarita and smiled.
Tom took a sip of his milk.
Tom took a sip of his tea.
Tom took a sip of his wine.
Tom took a sip of lemonade.
Tom took a sip of my drink.
Tom took a sip of scotch.
Tom took a sip of tea, trying to calm down.
Tom took a sip of tea.
Tom took a sip of water from the glass and suddenly started coughing, as it went down the wrong way.
Tom took a sip of water.
Tom took a sip of wine and frowned.
Tom took a sip of wine.
Tom took a sip.
Tom took a sleeping pill, but still couldn't fall asleep.
Tom took a small envelope from his shirt pocket and gave it to Mary.
Tom took a soda from the fridge and started drinking it.
Tom took a spare pair of trousers.
Tom took a spatula out of the drawer.
Tom took a stained-glass class with Mary.
Tom took a stained-glass class.
Tom took a standardized test.
Tom took a step back and fell.
Tom took a step back.
Tom took a step backward.
Tom took a step backwards.
Tom took a step forward.
Tom took a step to the left.
Tom took a step toward Mary.
Tom took a step towards Mary.
Tom took a stroll.
Tom took a sweet from the bag.
Tom took a sweet out of the bag.
Tom took a swig from his bottle of rum.
Tom took a swig from his flask.
Tom took a swig from the flask.
Tom took a swig of beer and smiled.
Tom took a swig of beer.
Tom took a swig of his drink.
Tom took a swig of rum.
Tom took a swig of water.
Tom took a swig of wine.
Tom took a swig out of his water bottle.
Tom took a swing at me.
Tom took a taxi back home.
Tom took a taxi because he was in a hurry.
Tom took a taxi both ways.
Tom took a taxi home.
Tom took a taxi to hospital.
Tom took a taxi to the airport.
Tom took a taxi to the hospital.
Tom took a taxi to the museum.
Tom took a taxi to the station.
Tom took a taxi to work this morning.
Tom took a tea break.
Tom took a tiny bite of Mary's donut.
Tom took a tiny bite out of Mary's donut.
Tom took a toy away from his child.
Tom took a toy from the children.
Tom took a trip around the world.
Tom took a trip to Australia last year.
Tom took a trip to Australia.
Tom took a trip to Boston.
Tom took a twenty dollar bill out of his pocket.
Tom took a twenty from his pocket.
Tom took a vaporetto to Piazza San Marco.
Tom took a vaporetto to St Mark's Square.
Tom took a vaporetto to St. Mark's Square.
Tom took a very deep breath.
Tom took a video of Mary surfing and posted it on his Instagram.
Tom took a vow of silence.
Tom took a vow of sobriety.
Tom took a vow to stay sober.
Tom took a wad of cash out of his pocket.
Tom took a walk in the park.
Tom took a walk on the beach.
Tom took a walk through the garden.
Tom took a walk with Mary.
Tom took a walk.
Tom took a waterbus to St. Mark's Square.
Tom took a weed nap.
Tom took a week off.
Tom took a wild guess.
Tom took a woodworking class.
Tom took a wrong turn.
Tom took a year off to write a book.
Tom took a yoga class with Mary.
Tom took a yoga class.
Tom took about 15 selfies.
Tom took acetaminophen and cold medicine.
Tom took advantage of Mary's misfortune.
Tom took advantage of Mary.
Tom took advantage of a tax loophole.
Tom took advantage of every opportunity.
Tom took advantage of me.
Tom took advantage of the opportunity.
Tom took advantage of the situation.
Tom took advantage of this.
Tom took aim and fired a warning shot.
Tom took aim and pulled the trigger.
Tom took aim at the deer.
Tom took all my money.
Tom took all my stuff.
Tom took all of his little brother's pocket money away.
Tom took all our bonuses.
Tom took all the details into account.
Tom took all the money Mary had.
Tom took an IQ test.
Tom took an anger management class.
Tom took an apple from the fruit bowl.
Tom took an apple out of his lunch pail and began eating it.
Tom took an aspirin.
Tom took an ax at that guy, threatening to kill him.
Tom took an earlier bus than usual this morning.
Tom took an envelope from his jacket pocket.
Tom took an envelope out of his briefcase and handed it to Mary.
Tom took an envelope out of his pocket and put it into the mail slot.
Tom took an exhilarating walk round the lake.
Tom took an ice bath after his workout.
Tom took an instant dislike to me.
Tom took an interest in Mary.
Tom took an online quiz to find out what his spirit animal was.
Tom took an overdose of sleeping pills.
Tom took an umbrella to school, but Mary didn't.
Tom took another bite of his sandwich.
Tom took another bite.
Tom took another drink.
Tom took another gulp of wine.
Tom took another loan.
Tom took another look at the contract.
Tom took another look at the picture.
Tom took another look into the box.
Tom took another look out the window.
Tom took another look.
Tom took another shot at the crow, but missed again.
Tom took another shower.
Tom took another sip from his glass of beer.
Tom took another sip of coffee.
Tom took another sip.
Tom took another step forward.
Tom took another step toward Mary.
Tom took another step.
Tom took another swig from his flask.
Tom took another swig of beer from his glass.
Tom took another swig of whiskey.
Tom took another swig of wine.
Tom took another swig.
Tom took antibiotics three times a day every eight hours for ten days.
Tom took away his daughter's phone because he wanted her to do her homework.
Tom took back his statement.
Tom took back what he had said about me.
Tom took back what he said about Mary.
Tom took care of John's cat while he was in prison.
Tom took care of Mary when she was sick.
Tom took care of Mary while her mother was in the hospital.
Tom took care of Mary's cats while she was in Australia.
Tom took care of Mary's cats while she was in Boston.
Tom took care of Mary's cats while she was in the hospital.
Tom took care of Mary's children while she was in Australia.
Tom took care of Mary's children while she was in Boston.
Tom took care of Mary's children while she was in the hospital.
Tom took care of Mary's daughter while Mary was in Australia.
Tom took care of Mary's daughter while Mary was in Boston.
Tom took care of Mary's dog while she was away.
Tom took care of Mary's dog while she was in Australia.
Tom took care of Mary's dog while she was in Boston.
Tom took care of Mary's dog while she was in jail.
Tom took care of Mary's dog while she was out of town.
Tom took care of Mary.
Tom took care of everything.
Tom took care of himself.
Tom took care of his family.
Tom took care of his grandfather.
Tom took care of his grandparents.
Tom took care of his little brother.
Tom took care of his sick mother.
Tom took care of it.
Tom took care of me.
Tom took care of my dog while I was away.
Tom took care of my dog while I was in the hospital.
Tom took care of my dog while I was out of town.
Tom took care of my dog.
Tom took care of my kids when I was in the hospital.
Tom took care of our children last weekend.
Tom took care of our children.
Tom took care of our dog while we were in Australia.
Tom took care of our dog while we were in Boston.
Tom took care of our kids.
Tom took care of that.
Tom took care of the children.
Tom took care of the kids yesterday.
Tom took care of the rabbit.
Tom took care of the situation.
Tom took care of them.
Tom took care of us.
Tom took chances that I wouldn't have taken.
Tom took charge of the situation.
Tom took charge.
Tom took control of the business.
Tom took control of the situation.
Tom took copious notes.
Tom took cover behind a dumpster.
Tom took cover from the storm in a cave.
Tom took cover.
Tom took credit for Mary's idea.
Tom took credit for my idea.
Tom took credit for the idea.
Tom took early retirement on health grounds.
Tom took everything from us.
Tom took everything out of his pockets.
Tom took everything out of his suitcase and put it on his bed.
Tom took everything out of the box.
Tom took everything that was here.
Tom took everything that was offered to him.
Tom took everything that was on the table.
Tom took everything to his office.
Tom took everything too seriously.
Tom took everything with him.
Tom took everything.
Tom took forever to eat.
Tom took forever to get dressed.
Tom took forever to get it up.
Tom took forever to get up.
Tom took good care of Mary's dog.
Tom took good care of Mary.
Tom took good care of everyone.
Tom took good care of his children.
Tom took good care of me.
Tom took good care of my dog.
Tom took good care of you.
Tom took half of the cookies and put them on his plate.
Tom took half of the money.
Tom took heaps of photos on his holiday.
Tom took heart and, sure enough, on New Year's Eve he was able to hobble along to a party.
Tom took heart and, sure enough, on New Year’s Eve he was able to hobble along to a party.
Tom took her arm.
Tom took her by the arm and led her out on the dance floor.
Tom took her hand in his.
Tom took her hand.
Tom took her hands in his.
Tom took her in his arms.
Tom took his T-shirt off.
Tom took his anger out on Mary.
Tom took his ball and went home.
Tom took his belt off.
Tom took his book out of his backpack.
Tom took his books out of his backpack.
Tom took his boots off.
Tom took his brother to the zoo.
Tom took his camera with him.
Tom took his cap off.
Tom took his car to the mechanic's to get it fixed.
Tom took his cat to the vet to have her spayed.
Tom took his children on a camping trip.
Tom took his children out for some ice cream.
Tom took his children to Australia.
Tom took his children to Boston with him.
Tom took his children to Boston.
Tom took his children to Mary's house.
Tom took his children to a pet store.
Tom took his children to school.
Tom took his children to see a drag queen read children's books.
Tom took his children to see the waterfall.
Tom took his children to the beach last weekend.
Tom took his children to the beach.
Tom took his children to the hospital to see their mother.
Tom took his children to the hospital.
Tom took his children to the lake.
Tom took his children to the park yesterday afternoon.
Tom took his children to the park.
Tom took his children to the pool.
Tom took his children to the zoo.
Tom took his children with him.
Tom took his clarinet out of its case and started playing.
Tom took his clothes off and crawled into bed.
Tom took his clothes off and got into bed.
Tom took his clothes off and got into the bathtub.
Tom took his clothes off and put his pajamas on.
Tom took his clothes off and put on his pajamas.
Tom took his clothes off and put the pyjamas on.
Tom took his clothes off and put them into the washing machine.
Tom took his clothes off.
Tom took his coat and gloves off.
Tom took his coat off and hung it in the closet.
Tom took his coat off and hung it up in the closet.
Tom took his coat off and started working.
Tom took his coat off the hanger and put it on.
Tom took his coat off.
Tom took his coat out of the closet and put it on.
Tom took his coat out of the hall closet and put it on.
Tom took his computer in to be repaired.
Tom took his computer in to get it fixed.
Tom took his daughter Mary to school.
Tom took his daughter Mary to the park.
Tom took his daughter to school.
Tom took his daughter to the zoo.
Tom took his dog for a long walk this afternoon.
Tom took his dog for a walk.
Tom took his dog out for a walk.
Tom took his dog out on a walk.
Tom took his dog outside.
Tom took his dog to Boston with him.
Tom took his dog to the beach with him.
Tom took his dog to the beach.
Tom took his dog to the vet.
Tom took his dog with him.
Tom took his dogs for a walk.
Tom took his dogs out for a walk.
Tom took his dogs to the beach with him.
Tom took his dogs to the beach.
Tom took his family to the zoo.
Tom took his fate into his own hands.
Tom took his father's car for a joyride.
Tom took his favorite toy with him.
Tom took his finger off the trigger and lowered his gun.
Tom took his finger off the trigger and lowered the gun.
Tom took his finger off the trigger and put his pistol back in its holster.
Tom took his finger off the trigger.
Tom took his first steps today.
Tom took his foot off the gas pedal.
Tom took his foot off the gas.
Tom took his girlfriend out on Monday night.
Tom took his girlfriend out on Saturday night.
Tom took his glasses off and put them in his pocket.
Tom took his glasses off and put them on the bedside table.
Tom took his glasses off.
Tom took his glasses out of his pocket and put them on.
Tom took his gloves off.
Tom took his goggles off and wiped the sweat off his face.
Tom took his goggles off.
Tom took his guitar out of its case and started playing.
Tom took his guitar to the beach.
Tom took his hat off.
Tom took his headphones off.
Tom took his helmet off and put it on the ground.
Tom took his helmet off.
Tom took his iPhone out of his coat pocket.
Tom took his jacket off.
Tom took his key out of his pocket and unlocked the car.
Tom took his key out of his pocket and unlocked the door.
Tom took his keys out of his pocket.
Tom took his kids to Australia.
Tom took his kids to school.
Tom took his kids to the beach last weekend.
Tom took his kids to the beach.
Tom took his kids to the hospital to see their mother.
Tom took his kids to the hospital.
Tom took his kids to the zoo.
Tom took his knife out.
Tom took his laptop out of his backpack.
Tom took his life because he didn't want to be a burden to anybody.
Tom took his life by jumping under a train.
Tom took his mask off.
Tom took his medicine.
Tom took his new car out for a spin.
Tom took his own life.
Tom took his pants off.
Tom took his parents' car for a spin without permission and crashed it.
Tom took his parents' car for a spin.
Tom took his pen out of his pocket.
Tom took his phone apart, but couldn't put it back together.
Tom took his phone out of his coat pocket.
Tom took his place at the head of the table.
Tom took his place at the table.
Tom took his puppy to the veterinarian.
Tom took his reading glasses off.
Tom took his seat.
Tom took his secret to the grave.
Tom took his shirt off and threw it on the floor.
Tom took his shirt off.
Tom took his shoes and socks off.
Tom took his shoes off and put on a pair of slippers.
Tom took his shoes off and then took his socks off.
Tom took his shoes off and then took off his socks.
Tom took his shoes off at the door.
Tom took his shoes off.
Tom took his skates off.
Tom took his sneakers off.
Tom took his socks off.
Tom took his son John to a baseball game.
Tom took his son to the barbershop.
Tom took his son to the petting zoo.
Tom took his son to work.
Tom took his sunglasses off and handed them to Mary.
Tom took his sunglasses off and put them in his pocket.
Tom took his sunglasses off.
Tom took his sweater off.
Tom took his tie off.
Tom took his time reading the contract.
Tom took his time walking home.
Tom took his time.
Tom took his trousers off.
Tom took his wallet out of his pocket.
Tom took his watch off and laid it on the table.
Tom took his wedding ring off.
Tom took his wife to Australia to meet his parents.
Tom took hold of the doorknob and turned it.
Tom took home Mary's umbrella by mistake.
Tom took home Mary’s umbrella by mistake.
Tom took it all in stride.
Tom took it as a compliment.
Tom took it away from me.
Tom took it even further.
Tom took it for granted that Mary already knew what had happened.
Tom took it from me.
Tom took it from us.
Tom took it in good humor.
Tom took it in stride.
Tom took it out of my hands.
Tom took it personally.
Tom took it to a whole new level.
Tom took it to another level.
Tom took it to perfection.
Tom took it very hard.
Tom took it very personally.
Tom took it very seriously.
Tom took it very well.
Tom took it.
Tom took little sips of the piping hot coffee.
Tom took many pictures in Australia.
Tom took many pictures in Boston.
Tom took me by the arm.
Tom took me by the hand.
Tom took me fishing.
Tom took me for my brother.
Tom took me home.
Tom took me into his confidence.
Tom took me out for lunch.
Tom took me out last weekend.
Tom took me shopping.
Tom took me to Boston.
Tom took me to a nice restaurant.
Tom took me to a restaurant where you can eat as much as you want for thirty dollars.
Tom took me to my favorite restaurant on Park Street.
Tom took me to the circus when I was a kid.
Tom took me to the hospital.
Tom took me to the station.
Tom took me under his wing.
Tom took money out of Mary's purse.
Tom took more than one picture, didn't he?
Tom took my blindfold off.
Tom took my breath away.
Tom took my car.
Tom took my hand.
Tom took my hands and squeezed them.
Tom took my horse.
Tom took my keys.
Tom took my money.
Tom took my picture.
Tom took my place.
Tom took my seat.
Tom took my sketchbook.
Tom took my umbrella by mistake.
Tom took my umbrella without even asking me if it was OK.
Tom took no chances.
Tom took notes at the meeting.
Tom took notes during class.
Tom took notes during the meeting.
Tom took notes in French.
Tom took notes on a yellow legal pad.
Tom took notes, didn't he?
Tom took notes.
Tom took nothing of value from Mary's room.
Tom took off Mary's glasses and they kissed passionately.
Tom took off after Mary.
Tom took off after them.
Tom took off all his clothes.
Tom took off for home.
Tom took off his T-shirt.
Tom took off his belt.
Tom took off his bicycle helmet and put it on the table.
Tom took off his boots and put on a pair of slippers.
Tom took off his boots.
Tom took off his bullet-proof vest.
Tom took off his cap.
Tom took off his clothes and crawled into bed.
Tom took off his clothes and got into bed.
Tom took off his clothes and got into the bathtub.
Tom took off his clothes and put on his pajamas.
Tom took off his clothes and stepped into the shower.
Tom took off his clothes.
Tom took off his coat and gloves.
Tom took off his coat and hung it in the closet.
Tom took off his coat and hung it on the hook behind the door.
Tom took off his coat and hung it over a chair.
Tom took off his coat and hung it up.
Tom took off his coat and put it on a chair.
Tom took off his coat and started working.
Tom took off his coat and threw it on the floor.
Tom took off his coat because it was getting too hot to wear it.
Tom took off his coat.
Tom took off his cowboy hat and wiped the sweat from his forehead.
Tom took off his cowboy hat.
Tom took off his cycling helmet and laid it on the table.
Tom took off his cycling helmet and put it on the table.
Tom took off his dirty clothes and put them directly into the washing machine.
Tom took off his dress.
Tom took off his earphones.
Tom took off his garden gloves.
Tom took off his gardening gloves.
Tom took off his gas mask.
Tom took off his glasses and cleaned them.
Tom took off his glasses and closed his eyes.
Tom took off his glasses and hid them in a case.
Tom took off his glasses and put them down on his desk.
Tom took off his glasses and put them in his shirt pocket.
Tom took off his glasses and rubbed his eyes.
Tom took off his glasses and rubbed his forehead.
Tom took off his glasses and wiped his eyes.
Tom took off his glasses.
Tom took off his gloves.
Tom took off his goggles.
Tom took off his hat and bowed down to them.
Tom took off his hat and bowed politely.
Tom took off his hat and bowed.
Tom took off his hat as he entered the church.
Tom took off his hat as soon as he entered the room.
Tom took off his hat.
Tom took off his headphones.
Tom took off his headset.
Tom took off his helmet and wiped off his forehead.
Tom took off his helmet.
Tom took off his jacket and handed it to Mary.
Tom took off his jacket and hung it in the closet.
Tom took off his jacket and hung it on the back of a chair.
Tom took off his jacket and hung it up.
Tom took off his jacket and laid it on the chair.
Tom took off his jacket and untied his bow tie.
Tom took off his jacket, put on a bullet-proof vest, and then put his jacket back on.
Tom took off his jacket.
Tom took off his jersey and whirled it around as he celebrated scoring the game-winning goal.
Tom took off his lab coat and hung it over the chair.
Tom took off his leather jacket and sat down.
Tom took off his mask.
Tom took off his muddy shoes.
Tom took off his name tag.
Tom took off his overcoat.
Tom took off his pack.
Tom took off his pants and carefully hung them over the back of a chair.
Tom took off his pants.
Tom took off his protective glasses.
Tom took off his raincoat.
Tom took off his reading glasses.
Tom took off his shirt and threw it into the washing machine.
Tom took off his shirt and threw it on the floor.
Tom took off his shirt.
Tom took off his shoes and put on a pair of slippers.
Tom took off his shoes and socks and rolled up his pant legs.
Tom took off his shoes and socks.
Tom took off his shoes and then took off his socks.
Tom took off his shoes, put them into his backpack and entered the mosque.
Tom took off his shoes.
Tom took off his skates.
Tom took off his ski boots and put on a pair of slippers.
Tom took off his ski boots.
Tom took off his sneakers.
Tom took off his socks and shoes and walked into the sea.
Tom took off his socks and threw them on the floor.
Tom took off his socks.
Tom took off his sunglasses.
Tom took off his sweater and put it in his locker.
Tom took off his sweater and tied it around his waist.
Tom took off his sweater.
Tom took off his tie and started unbuttoning his shirt.
Tom took off his tie.
Tom took off his top hat and got into his car.
Tom took off his trainers.
Tom took off his trousers and hung them carefully over the back of a chair.
Tom took off his trousers.
Tom took off his uniform.
Tom took off his watch and put it on the table.
Tom took off his watch.
Tom took off his wedding ring and put it in his shirt pocket.
Tom took off his wedding ring and threw it into the pond.
Tom took off his wedding ring.
Tom took off his wig.
Tom took off like a bat out of hell.
Tom took off like a rocket.
Tom took off like greased lightning.
Tom took off on a sprint.
Tom took off on his bicycle.
Tom took off on his bike.
Tom took off on his motorcycle.
Tom took off one of his gloves.
Tom took off right away.
Tom took off running when he heard the sirens.
Tom took off running.
Tom took off that way.
Tom took off the blindfold.
Tom took off the picture on the wall and hung another there.
Tom took off to find Mary.
Tom took off with the money.
Tom took off, leaving Mary behind.
Tom took off.
Tom took offense and left.
Tom took on more than he could handle.
Tom took on the case pro bono.
Tom took one bite and then spit it back out.
Tom took one for the team.
Tom took one last look around the room before he left.
Tom took one last look around.
Tom took one look at the teacher's face and he knew he was in trouble.
Tom took one more look at Mary's picture and then threw it into the fire.
Tom took one of his gloves off.
Tom took one of the books off the shelf.
Tom took one of the fish.
Tom took one of the newspapers from the table and waited until his name was called.
Tom took one of the sandwiches.
Tom took one of the shirts out of the closet and put it on.
Tom took one piece of pie and gave the other to Mary.
Tom took one step back.
Tom took online French courses.
Tom took online courses in French.
Tom took out a bag of marshmallows.
Tom took out a book, opened it and started reading.
Tom took out a business card and handed it to Mary.
Tom took out a cup from the cupboard, but Mary didn't like it very much.
Tom took out a handkerchief and wiped his brow.
Tom took out a loan from the bank, so he could buy a house.
Tom took out a loan in order to buy a car.
Tom took out a loan.
Tom took out a magazine and began reading.
Tom took out a magazine and began to read it.
Tom took out a magazine and started reading.
Tom took out a notebook.
Tom took out a notepad.
Tom took out a payday loan.
Tom took out a pen and a jotter.
Tom took out a pen and a notebook.
Tom took out a pen and a notepad.
Tom took out a pencil and started to write.
Tom took out a pencil and started writing.
Tom took out after Mary.
Tom took out an old shoebox from his cupboard and opened it.
Tom took out his anger on Mary.
Tom took out his camera and started taking pictures.
Tom took out his camera.
Tom took out his cell phone and called for help.
Tom took out his cell phone so that he could take a selfie.
Tom took out his driver's license and handed it to the police officer.
Tom took out his earplugs.
Tom took out his false teeth.
Tom took out his flashlight and turned it on.
Tom took out his guitar and began singing a sad song.
Tom took out his guitar.
Tom took out his gun and fired a shot in the air.
Tom took out his gun and shot Mary.
Tom took out his gun.
Tom took out his handkerchief and blew his nose.
Tom took out his key and opened the door.
Tom took out his knife and started whittling a piece of wood.
Tom took out his knife.
Tom took out his notebook and started writing.
Tom took out his notebook and wrote something in it.
Tom took out his passport.
Tom took out his pen and started writing.
Tom took out his pencil and started to write.
Tom took out his phone and called Mary.
Tom took out his wallet and offered to pay for dinner, but Mary said that she'd pay.
Tom took out his wallet and paid the bill.
Tom took out his wallet and paid the cashier.
Tom took out his wallet to pay the bill.
Tom took out some coins and gave them to the old man.
Tom took out some coins and handed one to Mary.
Tom took out some coins.
Tom took out the garbage.
Tom took out the hard drive and replaced it with a new one.
Tom took out the rubbish.
Tom took out the trash at 3:00 AM and witnessed a forty-pound raccoon standing by a garbage can.
Tom took out the trash.
Tom took out three eggs.
Tom took over after I left.
Tom took over as head coach.
Tom took over as manager.
Tom took over for Mary last week.
Tom took over his father's business.
Tom took over his father's firm.
Tom took over his father's store.
Tom took over in 2013.
Tom took over the business after his father's death.
Tom took over the business from his father.
Tom took over the business.
Tom took over the family business.
Tom took over the management.
Tom took over the reins.
Tom took over.
Tom took part in a Model United Nations conference.
Tom took part in a game.
Tom took part in a local bike race.
Tom took part in a paper airplane competition and won first prize.
Tom took part in a paper-aeroplane competition and won first prize.
Tom took part in a promotional event.
Tom took part in a rock climbing competition.
Tom took part in a scheme set by the police to capture the serial murderer.
Tom took part in last night's riots.
Tom took part in our project.
Tom took part in the competition.
Tom took part in the contest.
Tom took part in the conversation.
Tom took part in the kidnapping of Mary's daughter.
Tom took part in the massive search.
Tom took part in the meeting.
Tom took part in the race.
Tom took part in the search for the missing boy.
Tom took part in the search.
Tom took part in the summer festival.
Tom took photos of the mountains reflecting on the lake.
Tom took photos.
Tom took piano lessons for several years.
Tom took piano lessons when he was a kid.
Tom took piano lessons when he was young.
Tom took piano lessons when he was younger.
Tom took piano lessons.
Tom took pictures of Mary's backyard.
Tom took pictures of Mary's children.
Tom took pictures of Mary.
Tom took pictures of all the animals at the zoo.
Tom took pictures of the flowers.
Tom took pictures of the squirrels.
Tom took pictures until the film ran out.
Tom took pity on Mary.
Tom took questions from the audience.
Tom took responsibility for what he had done.
Tom took revenge on society.
Tom took risks.
Tom took seven hot showers to clear his sinuses.
Tom took several pictures of Mary's parents.
Tom took several pictures.
Tom took several unnecessary risks.
Tom took shelter in a log cabin.
Tom took shelter under the tree, hoping he wouldn't get too wet.
Tom took singing lessons when he was a teenager.
Tom took ski lessons.
Tom took some Tylenol.
Tom took some alcohol from the bottle and replaced it with water.
Tom took some amazing pictures of the Eiffel Tower silhouetted against the evening sky.
Tom took some antacids to treat his upset stomach.
Tom took some artistic license.
Tom took some boudoir photos of Mary.
Tom took some cash out of his pocket.
Tom took some change out of his pocket and gave it to the man.
Tom took some coins out of his pocket.
Tom took some food home.
Tom took some ibuprofen.
Tom took some measures to prevent it from happening again.
Tom took some medicine.
Tom took some money out of his pocket and gave it to the homeless man.
Tom took some money out of his pocket and put it on the table.
Tom took some money out of his pocket.
Tom took some money out of his wallet and gave it to Mary.
Tom took some money out of his wallet.
Tom took some money out of the drawer.
Tom took some more of the bread.
Tom took some papers out of his briefcase and showed them to Mary.
Tom took some paracetamol.
Tom took some pictures of his dog.
Tom took some pictures of his dogs and sent them to Mary.
Tom took some pictures of his new car and sent them to Mary.
Tom took some pictures of his new house and sent them to his friends.
Tom took some pictures.
Tom took some pills to ease the pain.
Tom took some stupid risks.
Tom took some things out of his bag.
Tom took some time off to travel to Thailand.
Tom took some unnecessary risks.
Tom took something from his pocket and gave it to Mary.
Tom took something from me.
Tom took something of mine.
Tom took something out of his bag and handed it to Mary.
Tom took something out of his pocket.
Tom took something out of the drawer.
Tom took something that didn't belong to him.
Tom took something to ease the pain.
Tom took something.
Tom took stuff that nobody wanted.
Tom took surf lessons.
Tom took surfing lessons.
Tom took swift revenge on Johnny for beating his son at basketball.
Tom took swimming lessons.
Tom took tennis lessons.
Tom took the CD from its case and inserted it in the player.
Tom took the CD out of its case and put it into the player.
Tom took the Myers-Briggs personality test.
Tom took the active part of the competition.
Tom took the axe and went to chop down some trees in the forest because he wanted to build a new barrier.
Tom took the bait.
Tom took the bend too fast and landed in the ditch.
Tom took the binoculars out of his bag.
Tom took the blame for something that Mary did.
Tom took the blame for their mistake.
Tom took the blame.
Tom took the blindfold off Mary.
Tom took the book away from Mary.
Tom took the book in the morning and has already read it.
Tom took the bottle from Mary and looked at the label.
Tom took the bottle from Mary and poured himself a drink.
Tom took the bottle of Scotch from his briefcase and handed it to Mary.
Tom took the box to the basement and put it on top of the other boxes.
Tom took the broom out of the hall closet.
Tom took the bus to school.
Tom took the bus.
Tom took the butter out of the refrigerator.
Tom took the cable car up the mountain.
Tom took the cable car.
Tom took the cake out of the oven.
Tom took the calendar off the wall.
Tom took the call.
Tom took the camera out of the camera bag.
Tom took the candle from Mary and blew it out.
Tom took the chairlift up to the top of the mountain.
Tom took the chairlift.
Tom took the children on a nature hike.
Tom took the children to Boston with him.
Tom took the children to school.
Tom took the children to the park.
Tom took the clock apart.
Tom took the coffee Mary offered him.
Tom took the command.
Tom took the concert ticket Mary offered him.
Tom took the corner too fast and landed in the ditch.
Tom took the cup out of Mary's hand.
Tom took the curve too fast.
Tom took the day off.
Tom took the dog out for a walk.
Tom took the dogs out for a walk three hours ago, and he's still not back.
Tom took the drink away from Mary.
Tom took the early retirement package the company offered.
Tom took the easy way out.
Tom took the eggs out of the carton one by one.
Tom took the eight o'clock train.
Tom took the elevator down to the third floor.
Tom took the elevator to the third floor.
Tom took the elevator up to the third floor.
Tom took the elevator, and Mary took the stairs.
Tom took the elevator.
Tom took the engine apart, but he wasn't able to put it back together.
Tom took the envelope.
Tom took the fall for his friend's mistake.
Tom took the ferry.
Tom took the first flight out this morning.
Tom took the first flight this morning to Boston.
Tom took the first flight to Boston on Monday.
Tom took the first prize.
Tom took the flask of bourbon out of his pocket and took a sip.
Tom took the framed photo off the mantelpiece and took a closer look at it.
Tom took the frozen shrimp home in an insulated bag, and now Mary's put them in the freezer.
Tom took the garbage out.
Tom took the gondola up the mountain.
Tom took the gondola.
Tom took the gun away from Mary.
Tom took the gun from Mary before she could kill herself.
Tom took the gun from Mary.
Tom took the gun out of Mary's hand.
Tom took the gun that Mary offered him.
Tom took the habit of running every morning.
Tom took the hammer away from Mary.
Tom took the hammer from Mary.
Tom took the helm.
Tom took the hint and left.
Tom took the hook out of the fish's mouth.
Tom took the hook out of the fish’s mouth.
Tom took the horses to the barn.
Tom took the initiative.
Tom took the job Mary offered him.
Tom took the job that Mary offered him.
Tom took the job that we offered him.
Tom took the job we offered him.
Tom took the job.
Tom took the key off of the hook it was hanging on.
Tom took the key out of his coat pocket.
Tom took the key out of his pocket and handed it to Mary.
Tom took the key out of his pocket.
Tom took the keys from Mary.
Tom took the kids back to Boston with him.
Tom took the kids to Boston with him.
Tom took the kids to school.
Tom took the kids to see his parents.
Tom took the kids to the school this morning.
Tom took the kids to the school.
Tom took the knife away from Mary.
Tom took the knife from Mary.
Tom took the knife out of Mary's hand.
Tom took the larger apple and gave the smaller one to Mary.
Tom took the largest apple for himself.
Tom took the last available spot.
Tom took the last pill from the pill container.
Tom took the law into his own hands.
Tom took the lead.
Tom took the letter and tied it to a sky-blue balloon, which he then released. The balloon rose quickly, higher and higher. Soon it was hard to see, because it was sky-blue, and so was the sky, of course. Even so, Tom stood there in front of the house for a long time, gazing after the sky-blue balloon.
Tom took the letter, crumpled it and put it in his pocket.
Tom took the lid off the box.
Tom took the lid off the pot.
Tom took the loaves of bread out of the oven.
Tom took the machine out of service.
Tom took the matches away from Mary.
Tom took the meat off the grill.
Tom took the medicine right away.
Tom took the microphone away from Mary.
Tom took the minutes.
Tom took the money and left.
Tom took the money off the table.
Tom took the money that Mary offered him.
Tom took the money we offered him.
Tom took the money.
Tom took the morning off.
Tom took the news calmly.
Tom took the news like a real sport.
Tom took the news well.
Tom took the old dog out behind the barn and shot it.
Tom took the on-ramp to the information superhighway.
Tom took the only free seat left in the room.
Tom took the orange juice out of the refrigerator.
Tom took the pan off the stove.
Tom took the path of least resistance.
Tom took the phone from Mary.
Tom took the pie out of the oven.
Tom took the pillowcase off the pillow.
Tom took the pills Mary handed to him.
Tom took the pizzas and carried them into the kitchen.
Tom took the posters off the wall.
Tom took the precious stone to an appraiser to have it examined.
Tom took the prize for idle chatter.
Tom took the puppy home.
Tom took the rattle from the baby.
Tom took the rejection hard.
Tom took the rest of the afternoon off.
Tom took the ring off his finger.
Tom took the ring off of his finger and threw it into the river.
Tom took the ring off of his finger.
Tom took the ring out of the box and put it on Mary's finger.
Tom took the rope from Mary.
Tom took the rubbish out.
Tom took the sandwich out of Mary's hand.
Tom took the sandwich out of his lunchbox.
Tom took the scissors away from Mary.
Tom took the scissors from Mary.
Tom took the seat across from Mary.
Tom took the secret to the grave.
Tom took the sheets off the bed and put them in the washing machine.
Tom took the sheets off the bed and put them into the washing machine.
Tom took the ski lift up the mountain.
Tom took the stairs two at a time.
Tom took the stand.
Tom took the subway back to the mall.
Tom took the suggestion seriously.
Tom took the suitcases out of the trunk of his car and carried them into the house.
Tom took the time to help Mary.
Tom took the time to help us.
Tom took the train back to Tokyo.
Tom took the train home for the holidays.
Tom took the train.
Tom took the tramway.
Tom took the trash out.
Tom took the watch apart for fun.
Tom took the watch apart just for fun.
Tom took the watch apart.
Tom took the whole day off.
Tom took the whole matter very seriously.
Tom took the wrong bus.
Tom took the wrong path.
Tom took the wrong train.
Tom took the wrong umbrella by mistake.
Tom took the wrong umbrella.
Tom took these photographs.
Tom took these pictures himself.
Tom took these pictures last summer.
Tom took these pictures of me.
Tom took these pictures when he was in Boston.
Tom took these pictures yesterday.
Tom took these pictures, didn't he?
Tom took these pictures.
Tom took things so seriously.
Tom took this photo.
Tom took this picture yesterday.
Tom took this picture.
Tom took this video.
Tom took thousands of pictures during his vacation, but then never looked at them.
Tom took thousands of pictures.
Tom took three cookies.
Tom took three days off.
Tom took three deep breaths.
Tom took three hits of acid.
Tom took three pictures.
Tom took three sleeping pills.
Tom took three steps back.
Tom took three steps backward.
Tom took three weeks off.
Tom took three weeks' vacation.
Tom took to drinking after his wife left him.
Tom took too many liberties when he was here.
Tom took two bottles of beer out of the fridge, one for himself and one for John, and put them on the table.
Tom took two profiteroles from the dessert tray and said: "Look, I can be a squirrel." He stuffed one of the pastries in each cheek to distort his face. Mary tried to ignore him for the rest of the evening.
Tom took two sandwiches out of the picnic basket and handed one to Mary.
Tom took two small children out of the burning house.
Tom took two wine glasses out of the cabinet.
Tom took unfair advantage of us.
Tom took unnecessary risks.
Tom took up hang gliding.
Tom took up paper quilling.
Tom took us home from the party.
Tom took us to the zoo.
Tom took very good care of Mary's plants while she was on vacation.
Tom took very good care of Mary.
Tom took very good care of his guests.
Tom took very good notes.
Tom took what he wanted and left.
Tom took what he wanted.
Tom took what was here.
Tom took what was on the table.
Tom took what wasn't his.
Tom took your brother to the zoo.
Tom tore Mary's letter in half.
Tom tore Mary's picture up.
Tom tore Mary’s letter in half.
Tom tore a ligament doing that.
Tom tore a page out of his notebook and handed it to Mary.
Tom tore a page out of his notebook.
Tom tore a page out of the book he was reading.
Tom tore down the fence between his house and Mary's.
Tom tore down the house.
Tom tore down the road.
Tom tore down the stairs.
Tom tore his pants.
Tom tore his shirt on a nail.
Tom tore his shirt.
Tom tore off the band-aid.
Tom tore off the head of Mary's plush dinosaur.
Tom tore open the envelope.
Tom tore open the package.
Tom tore out a couple of pages from his notebook.
Tom tore out of the room.
Tom tore the book apart.
Tom tore the book in half.
Tom tore the envelope open.
Tom tore the letter into pieces.
Tom tore the letter to bits.
Tom tore the letter to pieces.
Tom tore the letter up.
Tom tore the note in half.
Tom tore the package open.
Tom tore the paper in half.
Tom tore the paper up.
Tom tore the paper.
Tom tore the picture into pieces.
Tom tore the posters off the wall.
Tom tore the sheet.
Tom tore the ticket in half.
Tom tore the ticket to bits.
Tom tore to pieces a letter from his ex-wife.
Tom tore to pieces the newspaper that I had given to him.
Tom tore up Mary's letter after reading it.
Tom tore up Mary's picture.
Tom tore up every picture he had of Mary.
Tom tore up the contract.
Tom tore up the gift certificate that Mary gave him.
Tom tore up the letter from Mary.
Tom tore up the letter he got from Mary.
Tom tore up the letter.
Tom tore up the paper.
Tom tore up the stairs.
Tom tore up the tickets.
Tom tormented Mary.
Tom tormented me.
Tom tortured and murdered several victims before he was killed by the police.
Tom tossed Mary a rifle.
Tom tossed Mary his keys.
Tom tossed Mary the ball.
Tom tossed Mary the keys.
Tom tossed a coin into the fountain.
Tom tossed a rope to Mary.
Tom tossed and turned all night.
Tom tossed and turned in bed, unable to sleep.
Tom tossed and turned.
Tom tossed another log on the fire.
Tom tossed his backpack on the counter.
Tom tossed his backpack on the table.
Tom tossed his dirty clothes in the hamper.
Tom tossed his dog some bread.
Tom tossed his sleeping bag into the tent.
Tom tossed it to me.
Tom tossed my salad.
Tom tossed some bread to his dog.
Tom tossed the apple cores in the compost bin.
Tom tossed the ball into the air.
Tom tossed the ball to Mary.
Tom tossed the ball.
Tom tossed the book on the couch.
Tom tossed the documents on Mary's desk.
Tom tossed the empty cup in the trash.
Tom tossed the flowers into the garbage can.
Tom tossed the gun he shot Mary with in his neighbor's backyard.
Tom tossed the keys on the table.
Tom tossed the keys to Mary.
Tom tossed the letter away.
Tom tossed the rotten apple into the garbage can.
Tom tossed the soda can into the trash.
Tom totaled his car.
Tom totaled his father's car.
Tom totalled his Bentley.
Tom totally deceived us.
Tom totally freaked out.
Tom totally messed up.
Tom totally overreacted.
Tom touched Mary on the shoulder.
Tom touched Mary's arm.
Tom touched Mary's cheek.
Tom touched Mary's hand.
Tom touched Mary's shoulder.
Tom touched Mary.
Tom touched her shoulder.
Tom touched his hat in greeting.
Tom touched me on the cheek.
Tom touched me.
Tom touched my arm.
Tom touched my elbow.
Tom touched my hand.
Tom touched my shoulder.
Tom touched the hot stove and burned his hand.
Tom touched the toad with his index finger.
Tom touched the wall. It was wet.
Tom towel-dried his hair.
Tom towered above all the other children.
Tom towered above the other children.
Tom towered over Mary.
Tom toyed with his empty glass.
Tom toyed with his food.
Tom tracked Mary down.
Tom tracked down an old, out-of-tune piano.
Tom tracked the deer.
Tom traded his camera for a guitar.
Tom traded his old computer for a guitar.
Tom traded on inside information.
Tom traded places with Mary.
Tom trades securities.
Tom trained Mary.
Tom trained his cat Cookie to use the toilet.
Tom trained his dog to bark at strangers.
Tom trained his dog to jump through hoops.
Tom trained in Australia.
Tom trained very hard.
Tom trains dogs.
Tom trains every day.
Tom trains guard dogs.
Tom trains guide dogs.
Tom trains here.
Tom trains horses.
Tom transcends the laws of nature.
Tom transferred in from Boston.
Tom transferred money to Mary.
Tom transferred some money from his checking account into his savings account.
Tom transferred some money to Mary.
Tom transferred to Harvard.
Tom transferred to a Catholic school.
Tom transformed himself into a werewolf.
Tom transformed into a truck.
Tom transitioned in high school.
Tom translated a French novel into English.
Tom translated a book in French into English.
Tom translated a book that was written in French into English.
Tom translated a book written in French into English.
Tom translated a letter from French to English for his boss.
Tom translated a letter from German to French.
Tom translated everything for me.
Tom translated everything into French for me.
Tom translated ten movies from English to Czech. Moreover, he also translated two books from English to Czech.
Tom translated the French letter into English for his boss.
Tom translated the article into French.
Tom translated the book from French into English.
Tom translated the contract into French.
Tom translated the document from French into English.
Tom translated the document into French.
Tom translated the hieroglyphs.
Tom translated the letter from French into German.
Tom translated the letter from German to French.
Tom translated the letter into French for me.
Tom translated the letter into French.
Tom translated the movie from Finnish into English.
Tom translated the text into French.
Tom translated this movie.
Tom translates a lot of my sentences.
Tom translates articles for Mary from a German magazine.
Tom translates slowly.
Tom translates too literally.
Tom trapped Mary.
Tom trashed his room.
Tom traveled a lot last year.
Tom traveled a lot.
Tom traveled all over the country.
Tom traveled alone for three weeks.
Tom traveled alone.
Tom traveled around Asia.
Tom traveled around Australia for a few months.
Tom traveled around Australia.
Tom traveled around Canada.
Tom traveled around Europe.
Tom traveled around Japan.
Tom traveled around Russia.
Tom traveled around Southeast Asia.
Tom traveled around Turkey.
Tom traveled around the world with Mary.
Tom traveled around the world.
Tom traveled back in time to perform a mission.
Tom traveled back in time.
Tom traveled by bus.
Tom traveled first class.
Tom traveled incognito.
Tom traveled into the future.
Tom traveled light.
Tom traveled on the legendary Orient Express from Paris to Istanbul.
Tom traveled the whole world.
Tom traveled to Australia.
Tom traveled to Boston to see Mary.
Tom traveled to Boston.
Tom traveled to Copenhagen this morning.
Tom traveled to another dimension.
Tom traveled under an assumed name.
Tom travelled Europe.
Tom travelled all around the world with his pet squirrel.
Tom travelled all over south-east Asia.
Tom travelled alone.
Tom travelled around Europe.
Tom travelled back in time.
Tom travelled into the future.
Tom travelled to another dimension.
Tom travels a great deal.
Tom travels a lot.
Tom travels abroad to see the world.
Tom travels alone.
Tom travels around the world playing concerts.
Tom travels as often as he can.
Tom travels for work regularly.
Tom travels less than Mary does.
Tom travels light.
Tom travels neither on the metro, nor by bus, nor by taxi.
Tom travels neither on the tube, nor by bus, nor by taxi.
Tom travels neither on the underground, nor by bus, nor by taxi.
Tom travels the world looking for adventure.
Tom travels the world looking for meteorites.
Tom travels with a band of merry men.
Tom travels.
Tom treated Mary as one of the family.
Tom treated Mary badly.
Tom treated Mary cruelly.
Tom treated Mary differently.
Tom treated Mary like a child.
Tom treated Mary like a dog.
Tom treated Mary like a maid.
Tom treated Mary like a princess.
Tom treated Mary like a queen.
Tom treated Mary like a slave.
Tom treated Mary like his own daughter.
Tom treated Mary like part of the family.
Tom treated Mary like she was a princess.
Tom treated Mary to dinner.
Tom treated Mary unfairly.
Tom treated Mary very well.
Tom treated Mary well.
Tom treated Mary with respect.
Tom treated everybody the same.
Tom treated himself to a large dish of ice cream.
Tom treated me as an equal.
Tom treated me badly.
Tom treated me like a brother.
Tom treated me like a child.
Tom treated me like a dog.
Tom treated me like a kid.
Tom treated me like a princess.
Tom treated me like a son.
Tom treated me to samosas.
Tom treated me very well.
Tom treated the people around him like dogs.
Tom treated them like slaves.
Tom treats Mary like a dog.
Tom treats Mary like a princess.
Tom treats Mary well.
Tom treats everything like a game.
Tom treats everything like a joke.
Tom treats his dog badly.
Tom treats his employees generously.
Tom treats me like I don't count, like I don't even exist.
Tom treats me like I'm still a kid.
Tom treats me like a child.
Tom treats me like a kid.
Tom treats me like a princess.
Tom treats me like a queen.
Tom treats me like a slave.
Tom treats me like an adult.
Tom treats me very nice.
Tom treats me very well.
Tom treats us with contempt.
Tom trembled like a leaf.
Tom trembled with fear.
Tom tricked Mary into doing his job for him.
Tom tricked Mary into doing his work for him.
Tom tricked Mary into doing that for him.
Tom tricked Mary into doing that.
Tom tricked Mary into paying for his ticket.
Tom tricked Mary into telling him the combination to the safe.
Tom tricked Mary.
Tom tricked all of us.
Tom tricked me into doing that.
Tom tricked me.
Tom tricked us again.
Tom tricked us into doing that.
Tom tried a coat on.
Tom tried a different approach.
Tom tried a few different techniques.
Tom tried a new hairstyle.
Tom tried a new technique.
Tom tried a third time.
Tom tried again.
Tom tried almost everything.
Tom tried and failed.
Tom tried being friendly.
Tom tried bouldering.
Tom tried bribing me.
Tom tried but he failed.
Tom tried calling 911 but couldn't get through.
Tom tried calling 911, but he couldn't get through.
Tom tried calling Mary again.
Tom tried calling Mary, but she didn't answer.
Tom tried calling Mary.
Tom tried calling his parents, but he couldn't get a hold of them.
Tom tried climbing the tall tree.
Tom tried crouching behind the slide, but his tail gave away his hiding spot.
Tom tried desperately to get Mary's attention.
Tom tried doing it.
Tom tried doing that a few weeks ago.
Tom tried doing that again.
Tom tried doing that by himself.
Tom tried doing that for almost an hour before he gave up.
Tom tried doing that many times.
Tom tried doing that once.
Tom tried doing that over and over, but he was never able to do it.
Tom tried doing that three times.
Tom tried doing that, but he couldn't.
Tom tried doing that.
Tom tried doing the same thing.
Tom tried doing what I suggested.
Tom tried doing what Mary suggested.
Tom tried drinking from a garden hose while he was out on a run, and then he started feeling sick.
Tom tried everything that was suggested, but still couldn't fix the problem.
Tom tried everything that was suggested, but still couldn’t fix the problem.
Tom tried everything.
Tom tried figure out how to open the box.
Tom tried fixing the light switch.
Tom tried flipping the pancakes with the frying pan.
Tom tried hard but he failed.
Tom tried hard not to laugh.
Tom tried hard not to show how disappointed he was.
Tom tried hard to calm everybody down.
Tom tried hard to calm everyone down.
Tom tried hard to express how he felt.
Tom tried hard to live up to his parents' expectations.
Tom tried hard, but failed.
Tom tried hard, but he still failed.
Tom tried his best not to be late.
Tom tried his best not to cry.
Tom tried his best not to do anything to make Mary angry.
Tom tried his best not to get in Mary's way.
Tom tried his best not to get paint on his clothes.
Tom tried his best not to get wet.
Tom tried his best not to hurt Mary.
Tom tried his best not to let people see what he was doing.
Tom tried his best not to make a sound.
Tom tried his best to be funny.
Tom tried his best to be happy.
Tom tried his best to be helpful.
Tom tried his best to calm Mary down.
Tom tried his best to calm her down.
Tom tried his best to cover his tracks so he could save face.
Tom tried his best to finish his homework on time.
Tom tried his best to fix it.
Tom tried his best to forget about what had happened.
Tom tried his best to get Mary to help him.
Tom tried his best to get Mary to leave.
Tom tried his best to get here, but he didn't make it.
Tom tried his best to have a good time.
Tom tried his best to help Mary.
Tom tried his best to help.
Tom tried his best to ignore Mary.
Tom tried his best to ignore that.
Tom tried his best to look busy.
Tom tried his best to look happy.
Tom tried his best to look like he knew what he wanted to do.
Tom tried his best to look like he understood.
Tom tried his best to look serious.
Tom tried his best to make sure Mary had a good time.
Tom tried his best to make sure that Mary had a good time.
Tom tried his best to make that happen.
Tom tried his best to move the table by himself, but he couldn't.
Tom tried his best to persuade Mary to leave.
Tom tried his best to please his parents.
Tom tried his best to pull himself together.
Tom tried his best to remain calm.
Tom tried his best to stay calm.
Tom tried his best to suppress a smile.
Tom tried his best to win.
Tom tried his best.
Tom tried his father's clothes on.
Tom tried his father's suit on.
Tom tried his hand at video editing.
Tom tried his hardest to get there in time.
Tom tried his hardest to persuade Mary.
Tom tried his hardest, but it still wasn't enough.
Tom tried his hardest.
Tom tried his luck hitchhiking.
Tom tried his luck.
Tom tried his utmost to get Mary to change her mind.
Tom tried hitchhiking.
Tom tried in vain to convince Mary to go to art school.
Tom tried in vain to hide his pain.
Tom tried in vain to please Mary.
Tom tried intermittent fasting, but died of complications soon after.
Tom tried intermittent fasting, but his job was too hectic to allow it.
Tom tried it again.
Tom tried it himself.
Tom tried it.
Tom tried jet skiing for the first time.
Tom tried jumping over the ditch.
Tom tried kitesurfing.
Tom tried knocking on the door.
Tom tried lighting his cigarette with a match, but because it has gotten wet, it would not light no matter how often he tried.
Tom tried many different ways to do that.
Tom tried moving the bookcase without Mary's help.
Tom tried moving the bookcase without Mary’s help.
Tom tried new hairstyles in front of the mirror.
Tom tried not to appear too enthusiastic.
Tom tried not to be irritated.
Tom tried not to be late.
Tom tried not to bother Mary.
Tom tried not to cough.
Tom tried not to cry.
Tom tried not to get in Mary's way.
Tom tried not to hurt Mary.
Tom tried not to hurt anyone's feelings.
Tom tried not to laugh.
Tom tried not to let his mind wander.
Tom tried not to listen to Mary and John discussing their financial situation.
Tom tried not to look at Mary.
Tom tried not to look bored.
Tom tried not to look disappointed.
Tom tried not to look down at his feet.
Tom tried not to look frightened.
Tom tried not to look scared.
Tom tried not to look surprised.
Tom tried not to look worried.
Tom tried not to make a snap judgment.
Tom tried not to make a sound.
Tom tried not to make any noise.
Tom tried not to make eye contact with Mary.
Tom tried not to make eye contact with anyone.
Tom tried not to make eye contact.
Tom tried not to overreact.
Tom tried not to panic.
Tom tried not to react.
Tom tried not to scare Mary.
Tom tried not to show any fear.
Tom tried not to show his disappointment.
Tom tried not to show his fear.
Tom tried not to smile.
Tom tried not to sneeze.
Tom tried not to snicker.
Tom tried not to sound pessimistic.
Tom tried not to sound too enthusiastic.
Tom tried not to stare.
Tom tried not to think about Mary.
Tom tried not to think about it.
Tom tried not to think about what he had done.
Tom tried not to yawn.
Tom tried on a shirt he liked, but it was too small.
Tom tried on his father's clothes.
Tom tried on his father's suit.
Tom tried on many hats, but he couldn't find one that fit.
Tom tried on my shoes.
Tom tried on several pairs of shoes.
Tom tried on the coat to see if it would fit.
Tom tried on the coat, but it didn't fit.
Tom tried on the coat, but it was too small.
Tom tried on the coat.
Tom tried on the costume, but it didn't fit.
Tom tried on the hat, but it didn't fit.
Tom tried on the hat.
Tom tried on the largest helmet, but it was too small, too.
Tom tried on the shirt Mary made for him.
Tom tried on the shirt.
Tom tried on the shoes that he found in the abandoned house.
Tom tried on the suit.
Tom tried on the wig.
Tom tried once again to get Mary's attention.
Tom tried one of Mary's cookies.
Tom tried one of the cookies that Mary baked.
Tom tried one of the cookies that Mary had baked.
Tom tried opening the door, but it was locked.
Tom tried opening the door.
Tom tried out TikTok, but it didn't suit him.
Tom tried out for the baseball team.
Tom tried out for the musical.
Tom tried out the massage chair at the store.
Tom tried paddling his canoe upstream.
Tom tried parasailing over the sparkling water.
Tom tried practising black magic.
Tom tried prove his innocence.
Tom tried pulling off a French accent, but it didn't come out well.
Tom tried putting on the coat.
Tom tried really hard to do that.
Tom tried really hard to win.
Tom tried really hard.
Tom tried sneaking Mary into the airplane inside a suitcase.
Tom tried sneaking to the kitchen at night.
Tom tried solving the problem.
Tom tried something else.
Tom tried speaking French to Mary because it looked like she was from France, but she actually grew up in Australia and didn't speak a word of French.
Tom tried speaking French to the waiter.
Tom tried speaking French to them, but they didn't seem to understand.
Tom tried speaking French to those women.
Tom tried speaking French to us.
Tom tried stealing a car.
Tom tried talking to Mary, but she ignored him.
Tom tried talking to Mary.
Tom tried texting Mary.
Tom tried that.
Tom tried the basement door and to his surprise, it was unlocked.
Tom tried the clothes on that John gave him.
Tom tried the coat on to see if it would fit.
Tom tried the coat on.
Tom tried the costume on, but it didn't fit.
Tom tried the door, but it was locked.
Tom tried the door.
Tom tried the doorknob, but it was locked.
Tom tried the doorknob, but it wouldn't turn.
Tom tried the doorknob.
Tom tried the guitar.
Tom tried the handle of the door and found it locked.
Tom tried the hat on, but it didn't fit.
Tom tried the hat on.
Tom tried the key in the door.
Tom tried the key in the lock.
Tom tried the knob, but the door was locked.
Tom tried the knob.
Tom tried the same thing.
Tom tried the shirt on, but it wouldn't fit him.
Tom tried the shirt on.
Tom tried the shoes on.
Tom tried the strawberry jam that Mary made.
Tom tried this.
Tom tried to act as if nothing had happened.
Tom tried to act casual.
Tom tried to act cool.
Tom tried to act like he didn't care.
Tom tried to act like nothing was wrong.
Tom tried to act normal, but you could tell from his facial expression and demeanor that he was seething with rage.
Tom tried to act normal, but you could tell from his facial expression and demeanour that he was seething with rage.
Tom tried to act tough.
Tom tried to adjust the temperature of the shower.
Tom tried to answer the question.
Tom tried to apologize to Mary.
Tom tried to apologize, but Mary wouldn't listen.
Tom tried to apologize.
Tom tried to appear calm.
Tom tried to appear relaxed.
Tom tried to argue with Mary.
Tom tried to ask Mary a question, but she ignored him.
Tom tried to assist Mary.
Tom tried to attack me.
Tom tried to attack us.
Tom tried to attract Mary's attention.
Tom tried to attract someone's attention.
Tom tried to avoid arrest.
Tom tried to avoid being captured.
Tom tried to avoid doing that.
Tom tried to avoid getting caught.
Tom tried to avoid looking at Mary.
Tom tried to avoid the question.
Tom tried to be Mary's friend.
Tom tried to be as quick as he could.
Tom tried to be as quiet as he could.
Tom tried to be careful not to leave any evidence.
Tom tried to be casual.
Tom tried to be neighborly.
Tom tried to be neutral.
Tom tried to be nice to Mary.
Tom tried to be optimistic.
Tom tried to be polite.
Tom tried to be punctual.
Tom tried to be reasonable.
Tom tried to be reassuring.
Tom tried to be strong.
Tom tried to be tactful.
Tom tried to be the best father he could be.
Tom tried to bite me.
Tom tried to blackmail me.
Tom tried to blame Mary for everything.
Tom tried to blame Mary.
Tom tried to blame me for everything.
Tom tried to blame someone else.
Tom tried to blend in with the crowd.
Tom tried to board the ship, but they wouldn't let him.
Tom tried to break down the door.
Tom tried to break in.
Tom tried to break into Mary's house.
Tom tried to break into our house.
Tom tried to break into the house.
Tom tried to break into the warehouse.
Tom tried to break the door down.
Tom tried to break the ice.
Tom tried to break the record.
Tom tried to break up the fight between Mary and John.
Tom tried to break up the fight.
Tom tried to bribe me.
Tom tried to bribe the policeman.
Tom tried to broach the subject.
Tom tried to buy Mary's silence.
Tom tried to buy everything he needed.
Tom tried to call Mary again.
Tom tried to call Mary numerous times.
Tom tried to call Mary.
Tom tried to call for help.
Tom tried to call the police.
Tom tried to calm Mary down.
Tom tried to calm down.
Tom tried to calm the baby down.
Tom tried to camouflage himself.
Tom tried to cash the check Mary gave him.
Tom tried to catch Mary's attention.
Tom tried to catch Mary's eye.
Tom tried to catch Mary.
Tom tried to catch his breath.
Tom tried to catch the ball with his left hand, but he couldn't.
Tom tried to catch the ball with his left hand, but he wasn't able to.
Tom tried to catch the ball with his left hand.
Tom tried to catch the ball.
Tom tried to catch the chicken.
Tom tried to catch the children's attention.
Tom tried to catch the lizard.
Tom tried to catch the mouse.
Tom tried to catch the rabbit.
Tom tried to catch up with Mary, but he couldn't.
Tom tried to catch up with Mary, but he couldn’t.
Tom tried to catch up with Mary.
Tom tried to change Mary's mind.
Tom tried to change his life.
Tom tried to change the subject by talking about cats.
Tom tried to change the subject.
Tom tried to change things.
Tom tried to charm the ladies.
Tom tried to cheer Mary up, but she kept on crying.
Tom tried to cheer Mary up.
Tom tried to cheer me up.
Tom tried to choke Mary.
Tom tried to climb over the fence.
Tom tried to climb the tall tree.
Tom tried to close the door.
Tom tried to comfort Mary by singing her a lullaby.
Tom tried to comfort Mary, but she kept crying.
Tom tried to comfort Mary.
Tom tried to comfort his mother.
Tom tried to comfort the crying child.
Tom tried to commit suicide.
Tom tried to compose himself.
Tom tried to conceal his anger.
Tom tried to conceal his disappointment.
Tom tried to conceal his fear.
Tom tried to conceal his knife.
Tom tried to conceal his passion for Mary.
Tom tried to conceal his surprise.
Tom tried to conceal the truth.
Tom tried to concentrate on his work.
Tom tried to concentrate.
Tom tried to console Mary.
Tom tried to console me.
Tom tried to contact Mary.
Tom tried to control his anger.
Tom tried to control his breathing and remain calm.
Tom tried to control his emotions.
Tom tried to control his fear.
Tom tried to control his temper.
Tom tried to convince Mary he had changed.
Tom tried to convince Mary not to do that, but he was unable to.
Tom tried to convince Mary not to do that.
Tom tried to convince Mary not to go.
Tom tried to convince Mary not to leave.
Tom tried to convince Mary she was wrong.
Tom tried to convince Mary that he had changed.
Tom tried to convince Mary that he was right.
Tom tried to convince Mary that he'd changed.
Tom tried to convince Mary that it was time to leave.
Tom tried to convince Mary that she should cheat on her boyfriend.
Tom tried to convince Mary that she was wrong.
Tom tried to convince Mary that the plan wouldn't work.
Tom tried to convince Mary that what he was doing was legal.
Tom tried to convince Mary that what she was doing was wrong.
Tom tried to convince Mary to do that.
Tom tried to convince Mary to drop her hunger strike.
Tom tried to convince Mary to dye her hair red.
Tom tried to convince Mary to go dance with him.
Tom tried to convince Mary to go to Boston with him.
Tom tried to convince Mary to go to the dance with him.
Tom tried to convince Mary to have a threesome.
Tom tried to convince Mary to help him.
Tom tried to convince Mary to join his team.
Tom tried to convince Mary to knit a scarf for him.
Tom tried to convince Mary to knit him a scarf.
Tom tried to convince Mary to leave.
Tom tried to convince Mary to put on sexy lingerie.
Tom tried to convince Mary to quit doing that.
Tom tried to convince Mary to sing.
Tom tried to convince Mary to stay in Australia.
Tom tried to convince Mary to stay in Boston.
Tom tried to convince Mary to stop doing that.
Tom tried to convince Mary what he was doing was legal.
Tom tried to convince Mary what she was doing was wrong.
Tom tried to convince Mary.
Tom tried to convince everybody that he was innocent.
Tom tried to convince everyone that he was innocent.
Tom tried to convince himself he was doing the right thing.
Tom tried to convince himself that he was doing the right thing.
Tom tried to convince me to do that.
Tom tried to convince me to stay with him in Boston.
Tom tried to convince me.
Tom tried to cook something for Mary.
Tom tried to cover his tracks.
Tom tried to cover up his mistake.
Tom tried to crack a walnut without damaging its kernel.
Tom tried to crawl under the fence.
Tom tried to cure his stage fright by imagining everyone in the audience was naked, but it didn't really help.
Tom tried to cut Mary's hair the way she wanted it.
Tom tried to cut down on his expenses.
Tom tried to cut his own hair.
Tom tried to cut me off.
Tom tried to cut the delicious-looking meat with a dull knife.
Tom tried to cut the meat, but his knife was too dull.
Tom tried to cut the meat, but his knife wasn't sharp enough.
Tom tried to cut through his chain.
Tom tried to deceive Mary.
Tom tried to deceive me.
Tom tried to deceive us.
Tom tried to decide what to do.
Tom tried to deescalate the situation.
Tom tried to defend Mary.
Tom tried to defend himself.
Tom tried to defend me.
Tom tried to deflect Mary's question.
Tom tried to defuse the situation.
Tom tried to deny it.
Tom tried to describe Mary's house.
Tom tried to describe the person he saw breaking into Mary's house.
Tom tried to destroy this.
Tom tried to diffuse the situation.
Tom tried to discourage Mary from going out with John.
Tom tried to discourage me from doing that.
Tom tried to discredit Mary.
Tom tried to disguise his handwriting.
Tom tried to disguise his voice.
Tom tried to dissuade Mary.
Tom tried to distract Mary.
Tom tried to distract the guards so Mary would have a chance to escape.
Tom tried to distract the police so Mary could escape.
Tom tried to do a backflip.
Tom tried to do his best.
Tom tried to do it by himself.
Tom tried to do it, but he couldn't.
Tom tried to do it.
Tom tried to do something he'd never done before.
Tom tried to do something new every day for 30 days.
Tom tried to do something that couldn't be done.
Tom tried to do that again, but he couldn't do it.
Tom tried to do that again, but he still wasn't able to.
Tom tried to do that again.
Tom tried to do that but couldn't.
Tom tried to do that by himself, but couldn't.
Tom tried to do that by himself, but he couldn't.
Tom tried to do that by himself, but he wasn't able to.
Tom tried to do that by himself.
Tom tried to do that for a long time, but eventually he gave up.
Tom tried to do that once.
Tom tried to do that same thing Mary was doing.
Tom tried to do that same thing that Mary was doing.
Tom tried to do that three times before he gave up.
Tom tried to do that three years ago.
Tom tried to do that yesterday afternoon.
Tom tried to do that yesterday.
Tom tried to do that, but couldn't.
Tom tried to do that, but he couldn't.
Tom tried to do that, but he failed.
Tom tried to do that, but he wasn't able to do it.
Tom tried to do that, but he wasn't able to.
Tom tried to do that, but he wasn't strong enough.
Tom tried to do that.
Tom tried to do the right thing.
Tom tried to do this, too.
Tom tried to do too much.
Tom tried to do what Mary asked him to do.
Tom tried to do what couldn't be done.
Tom tried to do what he was supposed to do.
Tom tried to dodge the subject.
Tom tried to drink his problems away.
Tom tried to drown Mary in his pool.
Tom tried to drown Mary.
Tom tried to drown himself in his bathtub.
Tom tried to drown himself in the bathtub.
Tom tried to drown himself last summer.
Tom tried to drown himself.
Tom tried to drug Mary.
Tom tried to ease the tension.
Tom tried to eat everything on his plate, but he couldn't.
Tom tried to elicit a response from Mary.
Tom tried to embrace Mary.
Tom tried to end his own life.
Tom tried to enjoy himself at the party.
Tom tried to escape from prison.
Tom tried to escape from the police.
Tom tried to escape his attackers.
Tom tried to escape through a window.
Tom tried to escape, but he got caught.
Tom tried to escape, but he wasn't able to.
Tom tried to escape.
Tom tried to explain everything to Mary, but she wouldn't listen.
Tom tried to explain everything to Mary.
Tom tried to explain his idea to Mary.
Tom tried to explain it to me.
Tom tried to explain that to Mary.
Tom tried to explain the situation to Mary.
Tom tried to explain the situation.
Tom tried to explain this to Mary.
Tom tried to explain to Mary how to solve the puzzle.
Tom tried to explain to Mary what was going on.
Tom tried to explain what had happened.
Tom tried to explain what was happening to Mary.
Tom tried to explain what was happening.
Tom tried to explain why it would be a waste of time.
Tom tried to fasten his seatbelt.
Tom tried to feign indifference.
Tom tried to fight back his assailant.
Tom tried to fight back.
Tom tried to fight off the attackers.
Tom tried to fight the attackers off.
Tom tried to figure it out by himself.
Tom tried to figure it out on his own.
Tom tried to figure it out.
Tom tried to figure out how to do that.
Tom tried to figure out the answer by himself.
Tom tried to figure out what Mary was doing.
Tom tried to figure out what had happened.
Tom tried to figure out what happened.
Tom tried to figure out what needed to be done.
Tom tried to figure out what was going on.
Tom tried to figure out where Mary was.
Tom tried to figure out where he should leave Mary's suitcases.
Tom tried to figure out why it happened.
Tom tried to figure out why that happened.
Tom tried to find Mary.
Tom tried to find help.
Tom tried to find his way out of the cave.
Tom tried to find out the truth.
Tom tried to find out what he was up against.
Tom tried to find out where Mary had gone.
Tom tried to find out who Mary was.
Tom tried to find out why that happened.
Tom tried to find somebody else to do the job.
Tom tried to find the door in the smoke.
Tom tried to finish what he was doing.
Tom tried to fire his gun, but nothing happened.
Tom tried to fit in.
Tom tried to fit the square peg into the round hole.
Tom tried to fix it himself.
Tom tried to fix it on his own.
Tom tried to fix it.
Tom tried to fix that thing by himself, but he failed.
Tom tried to fix that.
Tom tried to fix the broken radio.
Tom tried to fix the computer.
Tom tried to fix the gate on his own.
Tom tried to fix the gate.
Tom tried to fix the light switch.
Tom tried to fix the problem.
Tom tried to flush the drugs down the toilet.
Tom tried to focus on the task at hand.
Tom tried to follow me.
Tom tried to fool Mary.
Tom tried to fool everyone.
Tom tried to fool me.
Tom tried to force Mary to jump off the roof.
Tom tried to force Mary to quit.
Tom tried to force the door open.
Tom tried to force the pieces to fit together.
Tom tried to force the puzzle pieces to fit together.
Tom tried to force the square peg into the round hole.
Tom tried to force us to do that.
Tom tried to forget Mary.
Tom tried to forget about what had happened.
Tom tried to forget about what had just happened.
Tom tried to forget his love sorrow by playing the piano.
Tom tried to frame Mary.
Tom tried to gag me.
Tom tried to gain the attention of one of the waiters.
Tom tried to gas himself.
Tom tried to get Mary fired.
Tom tried to get Mary to accept our proposal.
Tom tried to get Mary to agree to help him.
Tom tried to get Mary to come out of her shell.
Tom tried to get Mary to cook dinner for him.
Tom tried to get Mary to do his chores.
Tom tried to get Mary to do his homework for him.
Tom tried to get Mary to do that for him.
Tom tried to get Mary to do that same thing.
Tom tried to get Mary to do that.
Tom tried to get Mary to drink some water.
Tom tried to get Mary to eat more fruit.
Tom tried to get Mary to eat something.
Tom tried to get Mary to go to the dance with him.
Tom tried to get Mary to go to the park with him.
Tom tried to get Mary to help John.
Tom tried to get Mary to help him do that.
Tom tried to get Mary to help him.
Tom tried to get Mary to leave.
Tom tried to get Mary to listen to him.
Tom tried to get Mary to notice him.
Tom tried to get Mary to pay for his ticket.
Tom tried to get Mary to stay for another day.
Tom tried to get Mary to stay.
Tom tried to get Mary to tell the truth.
Tom tried to get Mary to work harder.
Tom tried to get Mary's attention, but he couldn't.
Tom tried to get Mary's attention.
Tom tried to get Mary's phone number.
Tom tried to get a hold of Mary.
Tom tried to get along with Mary.
Tom tried to get as far away from civilization as he could.
Tom tried to get as far from civilization as he could.
Tom tried to get attention.
Tom tried to get away from Mary.
Tom tried to get away.
Tom tried to get back in boat.
Tom tried to get everybody out of the room.
Tom tried to get everyone out of the room.
Tom tried to get everyone out of their rooms.
Tom tried to get help, but nobody would help him.
Tom tried to get his job back.
Tom tried to get his old job back.
Tom tried to get his three children back.
Tom tried to get in contact with Mary.
Tom tried to get in touch with Mary.
Tom tried to get into the house.
Tom tried to get into the locked garage.
Tom tried to get into the locked room.
Tom tried to get me to help Mary.
Tom tried to get me to help him.
Tom tried to get me to wear a kilt.
Tom tried to get out of the car.
Tom tried to get out of the way.
Tom tried to get revenge.
Tom tried to get rid of the ants.
Tom tried to get rid of the evidence.
Tom tried to get some rest.
Tom tried to get some sleep.
Tom tried to get someone to help him.
Tom tried to get the door open.
Tom tried to get the drawer open.
Tom tried to get the splinter out of Mary's finger.
Tom tried to get the splinter out of Mary’s finger.
Tom tried to get the window open.
Tom tried to get up, but he couldn't.
Tom tried to get up, but he failed.
Tom tried to get up.
Tom tried to give Mary some money, but she wouldn't take it.
Tom tried to go back to sleep.
Tom tried to go home, but Mary begged him to stay, so he stayed.
Tom tried to go yesterday afternoon.
Tom tried to grab Mary's arm.
Tom tried to grab Mary.
Tom tried to guess Mary's weight.
Tom tried to guess how much Mary weighed.
Tom tried to haggle with the shopkeeper.
Tom tried to halt the attack against the Indian village.
Tom tried to hammer the square peg into the round hole.
Tom tried to have Mary killed.
Tom tried to have me killed.
Tom tried to help Mary do that.
Tom tried to help Mary find a job.
Tom tried to help Mary understand what was happening.
Tom tried to help Mary up the steps.
Tom tried to help Mary up.
Tom tried to help Mary's family.
Tom tried to help Mary, but he couldn't.
Tom tried to help Mary, but she wouldn't let him.
Tom tried to help Mary.
Tom tried to help his family.
Tom tried to help his parents.
Tom tried to help me make friends.
Tom tried to help me understand.
Tom tried to help me, but I told him I didn't need his help.
Tom tried to help me, but he couldn't.
Tom tried to help me.
Tom tried to help the old lady.
Tom tried to help us, but he couldn't.
Tom tried to help us.
Tom tried to help.
Tom tried to hide a smile.
Tom tried to hide behind a big tree, but the others found him.
Tom tried to hide behind his father.
Tom tried to hide behind his mother.
Tom tried to hide behind the tree, but I could still see him.
Tom tried to hide behind the tree, but he was too fat.
Tom tried to hide by covering his eyes.
Tom tried to hide from Mary.
Tom tried to hide his addiction.
Tom tried to hide his anger.
Tom tried to hide his annoyance.
Tom tried to hide his anxiety.
Tom tried to hide his concern.
Tom tried to hide his confusion.
Tom tried to hide his disappointment.
Tom tried to hide his embarrassment.
Tom tried to hide his excitement.
Tom tried to hide his fear.
Tom tried to hide his feelings.
Tom tried to hide his nervousness.
Tom tried to hide his pain.
Tom tried to hide his smile.
Tom tried to hide his surprise.
Tom tried to hide his tears.
Tom tried to hide the bruises on his right arm.
Tom tried to hide the evidence, but it was too late.
Tom tried to hide the evidence.
Tom tried to hide the truth.
Tom tried to hide what was really going on.
Tom tried to hide.
Tom tried to hire Mary.
Tom tried to hit Mary in the head with a chair!
Tom tried to hit Mary.
Tom tried to hit me last night.
Tom tried to hit me yesterday.
Tom tried to hit me.
Tom tried to hog all the credit.
Tom tried to hold back his tears.
Tom tried to hop the turnstile without paying.
Tom tried to hotwire the car.
Tom tried to hug Mary.
Tom tried to hula hoop.
Tom tried to hurt Mary.
Tom tried to hypnotize Mary.
Tom tried to ignore Mary, but he couldn't.
Tom tried to ignore Mary.
Tom tried to ignore the dog that was barking at him.
Tom tried to ignore the noise.
Tom tried to ignore the pain.
Tom tried to ignore the problem.
Tom tried to ignore what was going on.
Tom tried to ignored the dog that was begging for food.
Tom tried to illustrate what had happened with the help of a matchbox, three matchsticks and two clothespins.
Tom tried to imitate Mary.
Tom tried to impress Mary by driving very fast on the Autobahn, but it didn't work.
Tom tried to impress Mary by driving very fast.
Tom tried to impress Mary with his cooking skills.
Tom tried to impress Mary, but came up short.
Tom tried to impress Mary.
Tom tried to impress a girl.
Tom tried to impress his boss.
Tom tried to impress his friends.
Tom tried to impress his new boss.
Tom tried to impress the girls.
Tom tried to impress the young lady.
Tom tried to interest me in tennis.
Tom tried to intervene and Mary punched him in the face.
Tom tried to intervene.
Tom tried to intimidate Mary.
Tom tried to introduce Mary in French.
Tom tried to introduce himself in French.
Tom tried to jump out of the way.
Tom tried to jump over the ditch.
Tom tried to keep Mary from doing something stupid.
Tom tried to keep Mary from doing that.
Tom tried to keep Mary from leaving.
Tom tried to keep Mary from seeing her boyfriend.
Tom tried to keep Mary inside the car.
Tom tried to keep Mary warm.
Tom tried to keep a sense of perspective amid all the chaos.
Tom tried to keep away from Mary.
Tom tried to keep calm.
Tom tried to keep from smiling.
Tom tried to keep himself busy, so he wouldn't think about the bad things that were happening.
Tom tried to keep himself motivated.
Tom tried to keep his balance on the slack line.
Tom tried to keep his balance on the slackline.
Tom tried to keep his balance.
Tom tried to keep his chin up.
Tom tried to keep his cool.
Tom tried to keep his explanation simple.
Tom tried to keep it from Mary.
Tom tried to keep me from doing that.
Tom tried to keep quiet about the truth.
Tom tried to keep that from happening.
Tom tried to keep the canoe from tipping over.
Tom tried to keep the children quiet.
Tom tried to keep the plan simple.
Tom tried to keep the relationship with Maria a secret.
Tom tried to keep up with Mary.
Tom tried to kick Mary.
Tom tried to kill Mary.
Tom tried to kill everyone.
Tom tried to kill himself by crashing his car into a wall.
Tom tried to kill himself last week.
Tom tried to kill himself yesterday.
Tom tried to kill himself.
Tom tried to kill me.
Tom tried to kill somebody.
Tom tried to kill us.
Tom tried to kiss Mary again, but she pushed him away.
Tom tried to kiss Mary and she slapped him.
Tom tried to kiss Mary, but she backed away.
Tom tried to kiss Mary, but she leaned back.
Tom tried to kiss Mary, but she pushed him away.
Tom tried to kiss Mary, but she wouldn't let him.
Tom tried to kiss Mary.
Tom tried to kiss me once.
Tom tried to kiss me, but I didn't let him.
Tom tried to kiss me.
Tom tried to learn French.
Tom tried to learn to play a brass instrument.
Tom tried to learn to play a musical instrument.
Tom tried to learn to play an instrument.
Tom tried to leave Mary.
Tom tried to leave once.
Tom tried to leave the old ways behind him.
Tom tried to leave the restaurant without paying.
Tom tried to leave, but Mary blocked his way.
Tom tried to leave, but Mary stopped him.
Tom tried to leave, but Mary wouldn't let him.
Tom tried to leave.
Tom tried to lift the box by himself, but he wasn't strong enough.
Tom tried to lift the box.
Tom tried to light a fire.
Tom tried to lighten the mood.
Tom tried to literally break the ice.
Tom tried to lock the door.
Tom tried to look as if nothing had happened.
Tom tried to look busy, so Mary wouldn't ask him to help her.
Tom tried to look busy.
Tom tried to look calm.
Tom tried to look casual.
Tom tried to look dignified.
Tom tried to look like he wasn't afraid.
Tom tried to look like he wasn't scared.
Tom tried to look relaxed.
Tom tried to look through the keyhole, but couldn't see anything.
Tom tried to look through the keyhole, but couldn’t see anything.
Tom tried to lure the guards away.
Tom tried to make Mary comfortable.
Tom tried to make Mary feel important.
Tom tried to make Mary feel special.
Tom tried to make Mary happy, but he couldn't.
Tom tried to make Mary happy.
Tom tried to make Mary jealous.
Tom tried to make Mary laugh.
Tom tried to make Mary smile.
Tom tried to make Mary's suicide look like an accident.
Tom tried to make a break for it.
Tom tried to make a cake but he burned it.
Tom tried to make a deal.
Tom tried to make a difference.
Tom tried to make amends and apologized to Mary.
Tom tried to make amends by apologizing publicly on his website.
Tom tried to make amends by giving back all the money he had stolen.
Tom tried to make amends with his children for having neglected them so much when they were younger.
Tom tried to make both ends meet.
Tom tried to make ends meet by gambling on horse races.
Tom tried to make friends with Mary.
Tom tried to make friends.
Tom tried to make himself comfortable.
Tom tried to make his point.
Tom tried to make me laugh.
Tom tried to make me tell him Mary's secret.
Tom tried to make me understand.
Tom tried to make sense of what just happened.
Tom tried to make sense out of everything that had happened.
Tom tried to make sure that every employee was treated with respect.
Tom tried to make sure that everyone had a good time at the party.
Tom tried to make that happen.
Tom tried to make the best of a bad situation.
Tom tried to make the team.
Tom tried to make up for his lack of sleep by taking a nap.
Tom tried to make up stories.
Tom tried to make us comfortable.
Tom tried to manipulate Mary.
Tom tried to manipulate me.
Tom tried to mend his relationship with Mary.
Tom tried to mend his sock.
Tom tried to mend the gate himself.
Tom tried to mount the horse.
Tom tried to move the heavy box by himself.
Tom tried to move the piano by himself, but he couldn't.
Tom tried to move.
Tom tried to murder Mary.
Tom tried to muster a smile.
Tom tried to never think of Mary.
Tom tried to not let everyone know how much pain he was in.
Tom tried to open the bottle without a bottle opener.
Tom tried to open the box.
Tom tried to open the can.
Tom tried to open the car door.
Tom tried to open the door, but couldn't get it open.
Tom tried to open the door, but couldn't.
Tom tried to open the door, but he couldn't get it open.
Tom tried to open the door, but he couldn't.
Tom tried to open the door, but he was not able to.
Tom tried to open the door, but it was locked.
Tom tried to open the door, but it wouldn't budge.
Tom tried to open the door.
Tom tried to open the drawer, but it was stuck.
Tom tried to open the hatch.
Tom tried to open the jar.
Tom tried to open the safe.
Tom tried to open the window.
Tom tried to outsmart police in a stolen car.
Tom tried to outsmart us.
Tom tried to pass Mary's shit tests using his amused mastery.
Tom tried to pass off an imitation as the original.
Tom tried to pass off an imitation for the original.
Tom tried to persuade Mary not to do that.
Tom tried to persuade Mary not to leave.
Tom tried to persuade Mary to come to his party.
Tom tried to persuade Mary to do something she knew she shouldn't do.
Tom tried to persuade Mary to do that.
Tom tried to persuade Mary to drive.
Tom tried to persuade Mary to go to Australia with him.
Tom tried to persuade Mary to go to Boston with him.
Tom tried to persuade Mary to go to John's party.
Tom tried to persuade Mary to go to John’s party.
Tom tried to persuade Mary to go to the dance with him.
Tom tried to persuade Mary to go.
Tom tried to persuade Mary to have a threesome.
Tom tried to persuade Mary to help him with his homework.
Tom tried to persuade Mary to help him.
Tom tried to persuade Mary to help.
Tom tried to persuade Mary to quit smoking.
Tom tried to persuade Mary to sell him her car.
Tom tried to persuade Mary to sing.
Tom tried to persuade Mary to stay at home.
Tom tried to persuade Mary to stay in Australia.
Tom tried to persuade Mary to stay in Boston.
Tom tried to persuade Mary to stay.
Tom tried to persuade Mary to tell the truth.
Tom tried to persuade Mary.
Tom tried to persuade his father to let him go to Australia by himself.
Tom tried to persuade his father to let him go to Boston by himself.
Tom tried to persuade his parents to let him go to Australia by himself.
Tom tried to persuade his parents to let him go to Boston by himself.
Tom tried to persuade me to do that.
Tom tried to persuade me to drive.
Tom tried to persuade me to go with Mary.
Tom tried to persuade me to go with him.
Tom tried to persuade me to lend him money.
Tom tried to persuade me to sing.
Tom tried to pick his keys up with his toes.
Tom tried to pick up Mary's suitcase, but it was too heavy.
Tom tried to pick up his keys with his toes.
Tom tried to picture what would happen next.
Tom tried to pin the blame on Mary.
Tom tried to pin the tail on the donkey.
Tom tried to play chess with his cat, Mr Jackson, but he fell asleep beside the chessboard.
Tom tried to play it cool.
Tom tried to play the song Mary requested.
Tom tried to poison Mary's dog.
Tom tried to poison Mary.
Tom tried to poison me.
Tom tried to poison us.
Tom tried to predict the future.
Tom tried to prepare himself.
Tom tried to prepare us for what was going to happen.
Tom tried to pressure me into doing that.
Tom tried to pressure me to do that.
Tom tried to pretend he was having a great time.
Tom tried to pretend like he was having a good time.
Tom tried to pretend like nothing had happened.
Tom tried to prevent Mary from going to the police.
Tom tried to prevent Mary from joining the army.
Tom tried to prevent Mary from opening the door.
Tom tried to prevent me from doing that.
Tom tried to prevent that from happening.
Tom tried to prise open the box.
Tom tried to prise the box open.
Tom tried to profit from the tragedy by creating a false Facebook page to collect donations.
Tom tried to prop Mary up with pillows.
Tom tried to protect Mary.
Tom tried to protect himself.
Tom tried to protect his children.
Tom tried to protect his daughter.
Tom tried to protect his face.
Tom tried to protect his family.
Tom tried to protect his kids.
Tom tried to protect me.
Tom tried to protect you.
Tom tried to prove Mary's guilt.
Tom tried to prove Mary’s guilt.
Tom tried to provoke a fight, but John wouldn't be provoked.
Tom tried to provoke a fight.
Tom tried to provoke me.
Tom tried to pry open the box with a crowbar.
Tom tried to pry open the box.
Tom tried to pry open the window with a screwdriver.
Tom tried to pry the door open.
Tom tried to pull a fast one.
Tom tried to pull the splinter out of Mary's finger.
Tom tried to push Mary into the pool.
Tom tried to push Mary into the water.
Tom tried to push the door open.
Tom tried to put Mary at ease.
Tom tried to put his arm around Mary.
Tom tried to put on a happy face.
Tom tried to put out the fire, but wasn't able to.
Tom tried to put the blame on me.
Tom tried to put the broken pieces back together.
Tom tried to put the fire out, but was unable to.
Tom tried to put the genie back in the bottle.
Tom tried to put the incident behind him.
Tom tried to put the key in the ignition.
Tom tried to put the puzzle pieces together.
Tom tried to put the ring on Mary's finger, but she wouldn't let him.
Tom tried to quit smoking.
Tom tried to reach Mary on the phone.
Tom tried to reach Mary.
Tom tried to reach the top shelf, but he couldn't.
Tom tried to reach the top shelf, but he was too short.
Tom tried to reach the top shelf, but he wasn't tall enough.
Tom tried to read Mary's name tag.
Tom tried to reason with Mary.
Tom tried to reassure Mary that everything would be OK.
Tom tried to reassure Mary.
Tom tried to reassure her.
Tom tried to reassure his wife.
Tom tried to recover his balance.
Tom tried to regain his balance.
Tom tried to relax, but he couldn't.
Tom tried to relax.
Tom tried to remain calm.
Tom tried to remain neutral.
Tom tried to remember the doctor's name, but he couldn't.
Tom tried to remember the last time he had drunk wine with Mary.
Tom tried to remember the last time he had visited an art museum.
Tom tried to remember the name of the girl he'd met in Australia.
Tom tried to remember the name of the girl he'd met in Boston.
Tom tried to remember what Mary had told him.
Tom tried to remember what had happened.
Tom tried to remember where he had put his passport.
Tom tried to repair the broken radio.
Tom tried to repair the gate himself.
Tom tried to rescue Mary.
Tom tried to rescue the children.
Tom tried to resist arrest.
Tom tried to resist.
Tom tried to restart the car, but couldn't.
Tom tried to restart the car, but it wouldn't start.
Tom tried to restrain Mary.
Tom tried to restrain his anger.
Tom tried to resuscitate Mary.
Tom tried to return the swimsuit for a larger size, but the clerk told him that wasn't allowed.
Tom tried to return the swimsuit for a larger size, but the clerk told him that wasn’t allowed.
Tom tried to revive Mary.
Tom tried to ride the old bicycle.
Tom tried to rip us off.
Tom tried to rob Mary.
Tom tried to rob a bank.
Tom tried to rob us.
Tom tried to run Mary over.
Tom tried to run and was shot.
Tom tried to run away.
Tom tried to run.
Tom tried to saddle the horse.
Tom tried to save Mary's life.
Tom tried to save Mary, but he couldn't.
Tom tried to save Mary, but he wasn't able to.
Tom tried to save Mary.
Tom tried to save me.
Tom tried to save the children.
Tom tried to say something in French.
Tom tried to say something to Mary.
Tom tried to say something, but Mary cut him off.
Tom tried to say something, but Mary interrupted him.
Tom tried to say something, but Mary stopped him.
Tom tried to say something, but couldn't.
Tom tried to say something.
Tom tried to scam me.
Tom tried to scare Mary away.
Tom tried to scare Mary.
Tom tried to scare away the wolves.
Tom tried to scare his sister by dressing up in a gorilla costume.
Tom tried to scare me.
Tom tried to scare the wolves away.
Tom tried to scare us away.
Tom tried to score brownie points with the teacher.
Tom tried to scratch me.
Tom tried to scream, but Mary covered his mouth with her hand.
Tom tried to seduce his secretary.
Tom tried to see if he could do that.
Tom tried to see what Mary was doing.
Tom tried to sell all his old comic books.
Tom tried to sell everything he owned.
Tom tried to sell his car, but no one would buy it.
Tom tried to sell his car, but nobody would buy it.
Tom tried to sell his house.
Tom tried to sell his old VCR instead of throwing it away, but no one would buy it, so he ended up throwing it away.
Tom tried to sell his old car to a man from Australia.
Tom tried to sell his old car to a man in Boston.
Tom tried to sell his old car.
Tom tried to sell his old couch.
Tom tried to sell his old truck.
Tom tried to sell me his old car, but I told him I wasn't interested.
Tom tried to sell me one of his paintings.
Tom tried to sell me some of his old stuff.
Tom tried to sell me the gun he'd stolen.
Tom tried to sell the camera he'd stolen.
Tom tried to sell the camera that he'd stolen.
Tom tried to settle the dispute.
Tom tried to settle the matter with Mary.
Tom tried to shoot Mary.
Tom tried to shoot me.
Tom tried to shoot the rabbit, but he missed.
Tom tried to shoot the tiger, but he missed.
Tom tried to show Mary how to do it.
Tom tried to show Mary how to do that.
Tom tried to show Mary the picture without letting John see it.
Tom tried to show me how to do that.
Tom tried to show no reaction.
Tom tried to show the picture to Mary without letting John see it.
Tom tried to shut the door.
Tom tried to sing Mary to sleep.
Tom tried to sing the song Mary requested.
Tom tried to sit up, but was unable to.
Tom tried to sit up.
Tom tried to slap his forehead, but he missed.
Tom tried to sleep, but couldn't.
Tom tried to sleep, but he couldn't.
Tom tried to sleep.
Tom tried to smile, but couldn't.
Tom tried to smile, but couldn’t.
Tom tried to smile.
Tom tried to sneak into the concert.
Tom tried to sneak into the movie theater without paying.
Tom tried to sneak into the movie theater.
Tom tried to sneak into the nightclub.
Tom tried to sneak into the room without being noticed.
Tom tried to sneak out of the house, but his parents caught him.
Tom tried to sneak out of the office unnoticed.
Tom tried to sneak out of the office without being seen.
Tom tried to sneak out.
Tom tried to solve the problem, but couldn't.
Tom tried to solve the problem.
Tom tried to solve the puzzle.
Tom tried to sound casual.
Tom tried to sound optimistic.
Tom tried to sound uninterested.
Tom tried to speak French to the saleslady.
Tom tried to speak French to us.
Tom tried to speak to Mary in French, but she didn't understand him.
Tom tried to speak to Mary, but he couldn't.
Tom tried to speak up.
Tom tried to speak, but couldn't.
Tom tried to speak, but couldn’t.
Tom tried to speak, but he couldn't.
Tom tried to speak, but no words came out.
Tom tried to squeeze in between Mary and John.
Tom tried to squeeze into the jeans he had worn when he was a teenager.
Tom tried to stab Mary.
Tom tried to stab me.
Tom tried to stand up, but couldn't.
Tom tried to stand up, but couldn’t.
Tom tried to stand up, but he couldn't.
Tom tried to stand up.
Tom tried to stand, but couldn't.
Tom tried to stand, but his leg gave out.
Tom tried to stand.
Tom tried to start a fire by rubbing sticks together.
Tom tried to start a fire by rubbing two sticks together.
Tom tried to start a fire.
Tom tried to start a new life.
Tom tried to start a slow clap, but nobody joined in.
Tom tried to start the car.
Tom tried to start the engine.
Tom tried to stay awake until his father got home.
Tom tried to stay awake, but he soon fell asleep.
Tom tried to stay awake.
Tom tried to stay away from Mary.
Tom tried to stay busy.
Tom tried to stay calm.
Tom tried to stay composed.
Tom tried to stay dry.
Tom tried to stay focused.
Tom tried to stay neutral.
Tom tried to stay out of it.
Tom tried to stay quiet.
Tom tried to stay still.
Tom tried to steady himself by grabbing the railing.
Tom tried to steal Mary's car.
Tom tried to steal Mary's money.
Tom tried to steal a car.
Tom tried to steal my girlfriend from me.
Tom tried to steal my girlfriend.
Tom tried to steal some food.
Tom tried to steal the gods' nectar and ambrosia.
Tom tried to steal the lady's purse.
Tom tried to stomp out the fire.
Tom tried to stop Mary from calling the police.
Tom tried to stop Mary from doing that.
Tom tried to stop Mary from drinking the last bottle of wine.
Tom tried to stop Mary from going to Australia.
Tom tried to stop Mary from going to Boston.
Tom tried to stop Mary from jumping.
Tom tried to stop Mary from killing herself.
Tom tried to stop Mary from leaving.
Tom tried to stop Mary from talking to John.
Tom tried to stop Mary.
Tom tried to stop it from happening.
Tom tried to stop it.
Tom tried to stop me from doing that.
Tom tried to stop me.
Tom tried to stop smoking without success.
Tom tried to stop smoking.
Tom tried to stop the bleeding.
Tom tried to stop us.
Tom tried to strangle Mary.
Tom tried to strangle me.
Tom tried to strike up a conversation.
Tom tried to sucker punch John.
Tom tried to suppress a smile.
Tom tried to suppress his impatience.
Tom tried to surprise Mary.
Tom tried to sweet talk the bouncer into letting them into the club.
Tom tried to swim across the lake.
Tom tried to swim across the river.
Tom tried to swim against the current.
Tom tried to swim, but he couldn't.
Tom tried to swim.
Tom tried to take a nap.
Tom tried to take control of the situation.
Tom tried to take the microphone away from Mary.
Tom tried to talk Mary into doing it.
Tom tried to talk Mary into doing that.
Tom tried to talk Mary into driving all night.
Tom tried to talk Mary into driving him to the airport.
Tom tried to talk Mary into going hiking with him.
Tom tried to talk Mary into helping him do his homework.
Tom tried to talk Mary into raking his yard.
Tom tried to talk Mary out doing that.
Tom tried to talk Mary out of doing it.
Tom tried to talk Mary out of doing that.
Tom tried to talk Mary out of going, but he wasn't able to.
Tom tried to talk Mary out of going.
Tom tried to talk Mary out of it.
Tom tried to talk Mary out of leaving.
Tom tried to talk Mary out of this.
Tom tried to talk his way out of it, but soon realized Mary wouldn't take no for an answer.
Tom tried to talk his way out of the speeding ticket.
Tom tried to talk me into doing that.
Tom tried to talk me into eating some very strange-smelling fruit.
Tom tried to talk me out of getting married.
Tom tried to talk me out of this.
Tom tried to talk some sense into Mary.
Tom tried to talk to Mary, but she didn't want to talk to him.
Tom tried to talk to Mary, but she ignored him.
Tom tried to talk to Mary.
Tom tried to talk to us in French.
Tom tried to talk, but he couldn't.
Tom tried to teach Mary how to dance.
Tom tried to teach Mary how to do that.
Tom tried to teach Mary how to play bridge.
Tom tried to teach Mary how to swim.
Tom tried to tell Mary how he felt.
Tom tried to tell Mary how he really felt.
Tom tried to tell Mary that he didn't like her.
Tom tried to tell Mary that he liked her.
Tom tried to tell Mary that he loved her.
Tom tried to tell Mary that.
Tom tried to tell Mary what he was planning to do.
Tom tried to tell Mary what she needed to do.
Tom tried to tell everybody how to do that.
Tom tried to tell everyone how to do that.
Tom tried to tell me something, but Mary interrupted before he could say anything.
Tom tried to tell me something.
Tom tried to text Mary.
Tom tried to think about something else.
Tom tried to think happy thoughts.
Tom tried to think logically.
Tom tried to think of a good hiding place.
Tom tried to think of a reason to stay.
Tom tried to think of a way he could help Mary.
Tom tried to think of a way that he could help Mary.
Tom tried to think of an excuse.
Tom tried to think of something nice to say, but he couldn't think of anything.
Tom tried to think of something that would help.
Tom tried to think of something to say.
Tom tried to thwart Mary's plans.
Tom tried to thwart her plans.
Tom tried to thwart their plans.
Tom tried to tickle Mary, but found out she was much less ticklish than he was.
Tom tried to touch his toes.
Tom tried to translate a book into French.
Tom tried to translate the hieroglyphs.
Tom tried to trick Mary.
Tom tried to trick me.
Tom tried to trick us.
Tom tried to trip me.
Tom tried to tune out the noise.
Tom tried to turn the doorknob, but it wouldn't budge.
Tom tried to unclog the sink.
Tom tried to understand the quadratic formula.
Tom tried to understand why he was different from other people.
Tom tried to understand.
Tom tried to unfasten his seatbelt.
Tom tried to unlock the door.
Tom tried to unscrew the lid.
Tom tried to use his non-existent English in order to speak to two American girls.
Tom tried to use reverse psychology on Mary.
Tom tried to vote, but the lines were too long.
Tom tried to wake Mary up.
Tom tried to walk on water, but he sank to the bottom.
Tom tried to walk past Mary, but she wouldn't let him.
Tom tried to warn Mary about John.
Tom tried to warn Mary about that.
Tom tried to warn Mary what might happen.
Tom tried to warn Mary, but she ignored him.
Tom tried to warn Mary, but she wouldn't listen.
Tom tried to warn Mary.
Tom tried to warn everyone.
Tom tried to warn me.
Tom tried to warn the local police about the existence of a vampire club in the town.
Tom tried to warn us all.
Tom tried to warn you that this would happen.
Tom tried to warn you.
Tom tried to wash the blood off his clothes.
Tom tried to win Mary back several times.
Tom tried to win Mary back.
Tom tried to win Mary's affection.
Tom tried to win Mary's heart.
Tom tried to win the contest.
Tom tried to win.
Tom tried to write a novel.
Tom tried too hard.
Tom tried very hard to do that.
Tom tried very hard to get the report written on time.
Tom tried very hard to sit still.
Tom tried very hard to stay out of Mary's way.
Tom tried very hard, but he still wasn't able to do that.
Tom tried very hard.
Tom tried volleyball, but he didn't like it.
Tom tried writing a novel.
Tom tried, but couldn't do it.
Tom tried, but failed.
Tom tried, but he couldn't do that.
Tom tried, but was unsuccessful.
Tom tried, unsuccessfully, to smile.
Tom tried.
Tom tries hard.
Tom tries harder.
Tom tries not to argue with Mary.
Tom tries not to delve into the personal life of his colleagues.
Tom tries so hard.
Tom tries something new every day.
Tom tries to avoid conflict whenever possible.
Tom tries to avoid traveling by air.
Tom tries to cheer Mary up whenever she seems down.
Tom tries to do some light exercises every morning.
Tom tries to eat a balanced diet.
Tom tries to get up.
Tom tries to keep a low profile.
Tom tries to learn at least one new thing every day.
Tom tries to not eat junk food.
Tom tries to read the future.
Tom tries to upload a video to YouTube at least once a week.
Tom tries to visit his grandmother every month.
Tom tries to write a new blog entry every day.
Tom tries.
Tom triggered Mary.
Tom trimmed his beard for the wedding.
Tom trimmed his beard.
Tom trimmed his mustache.
Tom trimmed the hedge.
Tom trimmed the tree.
Tom trims his beard with the same scissors he uses for everything else.
Tom tripled his investment in six months.
Tom tripped Mary.
Tom tripped and broke his leg.
Tom tripped and fell flat on his face in the snow.
Tom tripped and fell flat on his face.
Tom tripped and fell.
Tom tripped and sprained his ankle.
Tom tripped his boss.
Tom tripped me up.
Tom tripped me, and I went flying.
Tom tripped me.
Tom tripped on a branch.
Tom tripped on a rock.
Tom tripped on a root.
Tom tripped on a toy his son had left on the floor and dislocated his scapula.
Tom tripped on a tree root.
Tom tripped on his own feet and fell.
Tom tripped on something.
Tom tripped over a power cord.
Tom tripped over something.
Tom tripped.
Tom trounced John.
Tom trudged through the snow.
Tom trudged up the stairs to his apartment.
Tom truly believed Mary was telepathic.
Tom truly believed that Mary was telepathic.
Tom truly has perfected his craft.
Tom truly is one of the best people I have ever met in my entire life.
Tom truly loved Mary.
Tom truly loves what he does.
Tom trusted Mary absolutely.
Tom trusted Mary completely.
Tom trusted Mary more than anyone else.
Tom trusted Mary to do the right thing.
Tom trusted Mary too much.
Tom trusted Mary with all his money.
Tom trusted Mary with everything.
Tom trusted Mary with his kids.
Tom trusted Mary.
Tom trusted her.
Tom trusted him.
Tom trusted his doctors.
Tom trusted his instincts.
Tom trusted his lawyer more than he should've.
Tom trusted his lawyer.
Tom trusted me.
Tom trusted nobody.
Tom trusted some people he shouldn't have trusted.
Tom trusted some people he shouldn't've trusted.
Tom trusted some people that he shouldn't have trusted.
Tom trusted some people that he shouldn't've trusted.
Tom trusted them.
Tom trusted us.
Tom trusted you completely.
Tom trusted you.
Tom trusts Mary completely.
Tom trusts Mary to do the right thing.
Tom trusts Mary too much.
Tom trusts Mary.
Tom trusts her.
Tom trusts him.
Tom trusts his doctor.
Tom trusts his doctors.
Tom trusts his dog to guard his house.
Tom trusts me.
Tom trusts no one.
Tom trusts them.
Tom trusts us.
Tom trusts you.
Tom tsk-tsked.
Tom tucked Mary into bed and read her a bedtime story.
Tom tucked Mary into bed.
Tom tucked a strand of hair behind Mary's ear.
Tom tucked a strand of hair behind her ear.
Tom tucked a strand of hair behind his ear.
Tom tucked her hair behind her ear.
Tom tucked his shirt into his pants.
Tom tucked his shirt into his trousers and put on a jacket.
Tom tucked his shirttail in.
Tom tucked his son into bed.
Tom tucked in his shirt.
Tom tugged on Mary's arm.
Tom tugged on the rope.
Tom tumbled down the stairs.
Tom tuned Mary's guitar for her.
Tom tuned his guitar.
Tom tuned his violin and then started to play.
Tom tuned the piano.
Tom turned 13.
Tom turned Christian.
Tom turned Mary down.
Tom turned Mary in.
Tom turned a blind eye.
Tom turned a pale blue.
Tom turned a somersault.
Tom turned all the lights off.
Tom turned all the lights on.
Tom turned and faced the camera.
Tom turned and glared at me.
Tom turned and headed for the door.
Tom turned and looked at Mary.
Tom turned and looked at me.
Tom turned and ran after Mary.
Tom turned and ran away.
Tom turned and saw Mary looking at him.
Tom turned and saw me.
Tom turned and stared at Mary.
Tom turned and walked away.
Tom turned and walked out of the room.
Tom turned and walked out.
Tom turned and walked to the door.
Tom turned and walked to the exit.
Tom turned another page.
Tom turned around and faced Mary.
Tom turned around and looked at Mary.
Tom turned around and saw Mary following him.
Tom turned around and saw Mary.
Tom turned around and saw somebody was following him.
Tom turned around and saw someone was following him.
Tom turned around and saw that somebody was following him.
Tom turned around and saw that someone was following him.
Tom turned around and smiled.
Tom turned around and started to run.
Tom turned around and walked off.
Tom turned around and went back into the kitchen.
Tom turned around quickly.
Tom turned around suddenly.
Tom turned around to face Mary.
Tom turned around to face us.
Tom turned around to see if anybody was following him.
Tom turned around to see if anyone was following him.
Tom turned around to see if he was being followed.
Tom turned around to see what was happening behind him.
Tom turned around to see who was behind him.
Tom turned around to see who was following him.
Tom turned around when he heard someone yell his name.
Tom turned around when he heard the floorboard creak.
Tom turned around.
Tom turned away from the window.
Tom turned away in horror as Mary spread strawberry jam on her cheese roll.
Tom turned away.
Tom turned back to Mary.
Tom turned back.
Tom turned blue.
Tom turned bright red when Mary kissed him.
Tom turned bright red.
Tom turned down Mary's offer.
Tom turned down my invitation.
Tom turned down my offer.
Tom turned down my proposal.
Tom turned down my request.
Tom turned down our offer to help.
Tom turned down our offer.
Tom turned down our proposal.
Tom turned down our request.
Tom turned down that offer.
Tom turned down the TV.
Tom turned down the bass.
Tom turned down the flame.
Tom turned down the heat.
Tom turned down the invitation.
Tom turned down the job offer.
Tom turned down the music.
Tom turned down the offer.
Tom turned down the promotion.
Tom turned down the radio.
Tom turned down the volume.
Tom turned down three dinner invitations last week.
Tom turned green with envy.
Tom turned himself in three days after he'd killed Mary.
Tom turned himself in three days after killing Mary.
Tom turned himself in three days later.
Tom turned himself in to the FBI.
Tom turned himself in to the police.
Tom turned himself in.
Tom turned his back on Mary.
Tom turned his back on his old way of life and dedicated himself to his family.
Tom turned his back on his past and his family and started a new life.
Tom turned his back on them and left the room.
Tom turned his bedside lamp off.
Tom turned his blinker on.
Tom turned his bowl upside down.
Tom turned his cellphone off.
Tom turned his computer off.
Tom turned his flashlight off.
Tom turned his flashlight on.
Tom turned his garage into an office.
Tom turned his gun on himself.
Tom turned his headlight off.
Tom turned his headlight on.
Tom turned his headlights off.
Tom turned his headlights on.
Tom turned his horse around.
Tom turned his indicator on.
Tom turned his life around after a stint in rehab.
Tom turned his life around.
Tom turned his light off.
Tom turned his lights off.
Tom turned his passion into a career.
Tom turned his phone off.
Tom turned his torch on.
Tom turned in a blank test paper.
Tom turned in a number of consistently good performances.
Tom turned in his grave after reading everything written about him on Tatoeba.
Tom turned in his resignation.
Tom turned into a bat and flew away.
Tom turned into a donkey.
Tom turned into a fanatic.
Tom turned into a parking lot.
Tom turned into a vampire.
Tom turned into a zombie.
Tom turned left onto Park Street.
Tom turned left, and Mary turned right.
Tom turned left.
Tom turned me down.
Tom turned me in to the police.
Tom turned me in.
Tom turned my invitation down.
Tom turned off all the lights.
Tom turned off every light in his house.
Tom turned off his alarm and went back to sleep.
Tom turned off his bedside lamp.
Tom turned off his computer.
Tom turned off his desk lamp and sat in the dark thinking about what he should do.
Tom turned off his desk lamp.
Tom turned off his flashlight.
Tom turned off his headlight.
Tom turned off his headlights.
Tom turned off his light.
Tom turned off his lights.
Tom turned off his phone.
Tom turned off lights when he left the room.
Tom turned off the TV.
Tom turned off the air conditioner.
Tom turned off the air conditioning.
Tom turned off the alarm.
Tom turned off the anti-aliasing option.
Tom turned off the basement light.
Tom turned off the boiling kettle.
Tom turned off the computer.
Tom turned off the device.
Tom turned off the engine and shut off the headlights.
Tom turned off the engine, but left the headlights on.
Tom turned off the engine.
Tom turned off the fan.
Tom turned off the faucet.
Tom turned off the flashlight.
Tom turned off the heat.
Tom turned off the ignition.
Tom turned off the lamp on the nightstand.
Tom turned off the lamp.
Tom turned off the light and left the room.
Tom turned off the light and went to sleep.
Tom turned off the light when he left the room.
Tom turned off the light.
Tom turned off the lights and closed the door.
Tom turned off the lights and went to sleep.
Tom turned off the lights.
Tom turned off the living room light and went upstairs to his bedroom.
Tom turned off the machine.
Tom turned off the music.
Tom turned off the radio.
Tom turned off the sprinkler.
Tom turned off the stove.
Tom turned off the television.
Tom turned off the water.
Tom turned on Mary.
Tom turned on a lamp.
Tom turned on all the lights.
Tom turned on cruise control and coasted for a while.
Tom turned on his blinker.
Tom turned on his computer.
Tom turned on his flashlight and entered the cave.
Tom turned on his flashlight and went into the cave.
Tom turned on his flashlight.
Tom turned on his headlight.
Tom turned on his headlights.
Tom turned on his high beams.
Tom turned on his indicator.
Tom turned on his turn signal.
Tom turned on lights when he entered the room.
Tom turned on some music.
Tom turned on the TV, stretched out on the bed, and fell asleep.
Tom turned on the TV.
Tom turned on the air conditioner and the apartment began to cool down.
Tom turned on the air conditioner.
Tom turned on the car radio.
Tom turned on the car's fog lights.
Tom turned on the desk lamp and started working.
Tom turned on the dining room light.
Tom turned on the electric fan.
Tom turned on the engine.
Tom turned on the fan.
Tom turned on the faucet and washed his hands.
Tom turned on the faucet.
Tom turned on the gas.
Tom turned on the headlights.
Tom turned on the heat.
Tom turned on the heater.
Tom turned on the hot water tap.
Tom turned on the hot water.
Tom turned on the indicator.
Tom turned on the kitchen faucet.
Tom turned on the lamp.
Tom turned on the light and walked in.
Tom turned on the light in the dining room.
Tom turned on the light switch.
Tom turned on the light.
Tom turned on the lights.
Tom turned on the music.
Tom turned on the oven.
Tom turned on the overhead light.
Tom turned on the radio.
Tom turned on the right blinker.
Tom turned on the slow cooker before going to bed.
Tom turned on the slow cooker before going to school.
Tom turned on the slow cooker before going to work.
Tom turned on the slow cooker.
Tom turned on the small lamp on his bedside table.
Tom turned on the soldering iron.
Tom turned on the speakerphone.
Tom turned on the stove.
Tom turned on the table lamp.
Tom turned on the tap.
Tom turned on the water faucet, but nothing came out.
Tom turned on the water.
Tom turned on the windshield wipers.
Tom turned onto a dirt road.
Tom turned out the lights.
Tom turned out to be Mary's brother.
Tom turned out to be a backstabber.
Tom turned out to be a crook.
Tom turned out to be a really nice guy.
Tom turned out to be a spy.
Tom turned out to be a thief.
Tom turned out to be a very unreliable person.
Tom turned out to be innocent.
Tom turned out to be just like his father.
Tom turned out to be right.
Tom turned out to be the one who stole my tractor.
Tom turned over a new leaf when he met Mary.
Tom turned over and went back to sleep.
Tom turned over the log.
Tom turned over.
Tom turned pale at the news.
Tom turned pale with anger.
Tom turned pale with fright.
Tom turned pale.
Tom turned quickly.
Tom turned red as a beet.
Tom turned red as a tomato.
Tom turned red with embarrassment.
Tom turned red.
Tom turned right and Mary headed the other way.
Tom turned right on Park Street.
Tom turned right when he should have turned left.
Tom turned right when he should've turned left.
Tom turned right.
Tom turned scarlet.
Tom turned serious.
Tom turned the TV off.
Tom turned the TV on.
Tom turned the TV sound down.
Tom turned the air conditioner off.
Tom turned the air conditioner on.
Tom turned the alarm off.
Tom turned the bags inside out.
Tom turned the barn into a bed and breakfast.
Tom turned the basement light off.
Tom turned the chair upside down.
Tom turned the computer off.
Tom turned the dial on the radio.
Tom turned the dining room light on.
Tom turned the door handle and found to his surprise that the door was unlocked.
Tom turned the door handle and found to his surprise that the door wasn't locked.
Tom turned the doorknob slowly.
Tom turned the doorknob.
Tom turned the electric fan on.
Tom turned the engine off.
Tom turned the engine on.
Tom turned the faucet off.
Tom turned the faucet on.
Tom turned the glass upside down.
Tom turned the handle.
Tom turned the indicator on.
Tom turned the key.
Tom turned the knob and pushed the door open.
Tom turned the knob.
Tom turned the light back on.
Tom turned the light off and left the room.
Tom turned the light off.
Tom turned the light on.
Tom turned the lights off.
Tom turned the lights on.
Tom turned the log over.
Tom turned the music down.
Tom turned the music off.
Tom turned the music up very loud.
Tom turned the music up.
Tom turned the night-light on.
Tom turned the oven on.
Tom turned the page quickly.
Tom turned the page.
Tom turned the radio off.
Tom turned the radio on.
Tom turned the stove off.
Tom turned the stove on.
Tom turned the tap off.
Tom turned the tap on.
Tom turned the valve.
Tom turned the volume to maximum.
Tom turned the volume to the maximum.
Tom turned the water off.
Tom turned the water on.
Tom turned thirteen today.
Tom turned thirteen.
Tom turned thirty in October.
Tom turned thirty last October.
Tom turned thirty on October twentieth.
Tom turned thirty recently.
Tom turned thirty two days ago.
Tom turned thirty years old the day before yesterday.
Tom turned to Mary and asked her a question.
Tom turned to Mary and laughed.
Tom turned to Mary and smiled.
Tom turned to Mary for advice.
Tom turned to Mary for help.
Tom turned to Mary.
Tom turned to face the wall.
Tom turned to go.
Tom turned to his friends for help.
Tom turned to his parents for advice.
Tom turned to leave.
Tom turned to look at Mary.
Tom turned to me and smiled.
Tom turned to me.
Tom turned to the bartender and ordered another drink.
Tom turned to the man next to him and asked him what time it was.
Tom turned to the next page.
Tom turned towards Mary and gave her two kisses, one on each cheek.
Tom turned towards Mary and smiled.
Tom turned towards me and smiled.
Tom turned up an hour later.
Tom turned up at Mary's party even though he wasn't invited.
Tom turned up at the meeting.
Tom turned up at the party unshaven, wearing a crumpled shirt and trousers that were fraying.
Tom turned up the TV.
Tom turned up the bass.
Tom turned up the heat.
Tom turned up the music.
Tom turned up the volume.
Tom turned up thirty minutes late.
Tom turned up three hours late.
Tom turned very pale.
Tom turned violent.
Tom turned when he heard Mary shout.
Tom turned white.
Tom turned, gasped, and grabbed his lower back.
Tom turns 30 three days before Christmas.
Tom turns his passion toward music.
Tom turns into a wolf at every full moon.
Tom turns ninety the day after tomorrow.
Tom turns the heat off during the day.
Tom turns thirteen in two days.
Tom turns thirteen the day after tomorrow.
Tom turns thirteen today.
Tom turns thirteen tomorrow.
Tom tutored Mary.
Tom tweeted in Berber.
Tom twiddled his thumbs.
Tom twirled his moustache.
Tom twirled his mustache.
Tom twirled the basketball on his finger.
Tom twisted Mary's arm and she agreed to donate some money to our charity.
Tom twisted Mary’s arm and she agreed to donate some money to our charity.
Tom twisted his ankle and it swelled up.
Tom twisted his ankle while hiking.
Tom twisted his ankle.
Tom twisted in pain as he held his knee close to his chest.
Tom twisted my arm.
Tom twisted the knob and opened the door.
Tom twisted the truth.
Tom typed furiously on his keyboard.
Tom typed his username and password.
Tom typed in his username and password.
Tom typed in the password.
Tom typed on his Blackberry.
Tom types 70 words a minute.
Tom types about 70 words a minute.
Tom types better than Mary does.
Tom types better than Mary.
Tom types dictation.
Tom types well.
Tom typically plays as a rogue. This is his first time playing as a wizard.
Tom unbuckled his belt.
Tom unbuckled his seat belt and got out of the car.
Tom unbuckled his seatbelt.
Tom unbuttoned his jacket.
Tom unbuttoned his shirt and tossed it aside.
Tom unbuttoned his shirt cuffs.
Tom unbuttoned his shirt.
Tom unbuttoned his top shirt button.
Tom unbuttoned the top button of his shirt.
Tom unceremoniously tossed the cat back inside the house when it left another beheaded bird on the doormat.
Tom unchained the door.
Tom unclenched his fist.
Tom unclogged the drain.
Tom uncorked a bottle of wine and poured himself a glass.
Tom uncorked a bottle of wine.
Tom uncorked the bottle and poured the wine into a decanter.
Tom uncorked the bottle of wine.
Tom uncorked the bottle with his teeth.
Tom uncorked the bottle.
Tom uncorked the champagne.
Tom uncorked the wine.
Tom uncovered another shocking truth about Mary.
Tom uncrossed his legs.
Tom uncuffed Mary.
Tom underestimated Marie.
Tom underestimated Mary.
Tom underestimated his opponent.
Tom underestimated me.
Tom underestimated the health benefits of power yoga.
Tom underestimated the slickness and drove into the ditch.
Tom underlined what he thought was the most important word in the sentence.
Tom understands French a little.
Tom understands French a lot better than everybody thinks he does.
Tom understands French a lot better than everyone thinks he does.
Tom understands French a lot better than he lets on.
Tom understands French a lot better than you think he does.
Tom understands French better than he can speak it.
Tom understands French better than he speaks it.
Tom understands French but doesn't speak it.
Tom understands French fairly well, but he has trouble speaking it.
Tom understands French fairly well.
Tom understands French much better than Mary does.
Tom understands French much better than Mary.
Tom understands French quite well.
Tom understands French well.
Tom understands French, but he doesn't ever speak it.
Tom understands French, but he doesn't like speaking it.
Tom understands French, but his wife doesn't.
Tom understands French, doesn't he?
Tom understands French.
Tom understands Mary.
Tom understands a bit of French.
Tom understands a little French.
Tom understands both French and English.
Tom understands everything that's going on.
Tom understands exactly what Mary wants him to do.
Tom understands foreign affairs.
Tom understands he's no longer needed.
Tom understands me.
Tom understands music.
Tom understands neither French nor English.
Tom understands our system.
Tom understands physics.
Tom understands that beauty is more than appearance.
Tom understands that.
Tom understands the criticism.
Tom understands the game plan.
Tom understands the importance of hydration for glowing skin.
Tom understands the importance of rest and relaxation.
Tom understands the problem.
Tom understands the risks.
Tom understands the situation.
Tom understands the speech of animals.
Tom understands what I mean, I think.
Tom understands what Mary has in mind.
Tom understands what Mary wants him to do.
Tom understands what it takes to be a good leader.
Tom understands what it takes to succeed.
Tom understands what it takes to survive.
Tom understands what needs to be done.
Tom understands what this means, I think.
Tom understands what went wrong.
Tom understands what you don't.
Tom understands what's going on, I think.
Tom understands what's necessary.
Tom understands you now.
Tom understands your position.
Tom understands your question.
Tom understands.
Tom understood Mary perfectly.
Tom understood Mary's skepticism.
Tom understood Mary.
Tom understood Mary’s skepticism.
Tom understood everything in the end.
Tom understood everything.
Tom understood exactly what Mary meant.
Tom understood exactly what Mary wanted him to do.
Tom understood how Mary felt.
Tom understood immediately what was wrong.
Tom understood immediately.
Tom understood it completely.
Tom understood me.
Tom understood nothing and wants to understand nothing.
Tom understood nothing.
Tom understood that perfectly.
Tom understood that the Kabyle language is part of the human heritage and that it is protected by UNESCO.
Tom understood that.
Tom understood the gravity of the situation.
Tom understood the question but didn't answer it.
Tom understood the risks.
Tom understood the rules.
Tom understood them only partially.
Tom understood what Mary meant.
Tom understood what Mary said in French.
Tom understood what Mary said.
Tom understood what Mary was saying.
Tom understood what he told Mary in French.
Tom understood what that meant.
Tom understood what they told Mary in French.
Tom understood what was needed.
Tom understood what we needed.
Tom understood why Mary didn't want to go to Australia with him.
Tom understood why Mary didn't want to go to Boston with him.
Tom understood why Mary hated him.
Tom understood why Mary was angry.
Tom understood why.
Tom understood.
Tom underwent a general medical checkup. The results showed that he is a healthy person.
Tom underwent an operation.
Tom underwent an organ transplant surgery.
Tom underwent hypnotherapy to help him give up smoking.
Tom underwent plastic surgery and changed his identity to evade capture and start a new life.
Tom underwent surgery.
Tom undressed Mary with his eyes.
Tom undressed and got in the bathtub.
Tom undressed and got into bed.
Tom undressed in front of the mirror.
Tom undressed, carefully folded his clothes, and put them on the chair.
Tom undressed.
Tom unexpectedly vanished.
Tom unfastened his seatbelt and got out of the car.
Tom unfolded his napkin.
Tom unfolded the blanket and wrapped it around himself.
Tom unfolded the blanket.
Tom unfolded the camp chairs.
Tom unfolded the folding chair.
Tom unfolded the letter and read it.
Tom unfolded the map.
Tom unfolded the newspaper and started to read it.
Tom unfolded the note and read it.
Tom unfolded the piece of paper.
Tom unfollowed Mary.
Tom unfollowed me.
Tom unfriended Mary.
Tom unfriended me on Facebook.
Tom unfurled a huge Russian flag in the park.
Tom unholstered his gun and raised it.
Tom unholstered his gun.
Tom unholstered his pistol and aimed it at Mary.
Tom unhooked the fish and released it back into the water.
Tom unilaterally decided that he and Mary were in a relationship.
Tom unintentionally expressed his feelings, but did not let me know what he was thinking.
Tom unlaced his shoes.
Tom unlaced his sneakers.
Tom unlatched the door.
Tom unleashed his dog.
Tom unleashed his dogs.
Tom unloaded groceries from the car.
Tom unloaded his gun and locked it in the safe.
Tom unloaded his gun.
Tom unloaded his tools from his truck.
Tom unloaded his tools from the truck.
Tom unloaded his troubles to us.
Tom unloaded the boxes from the van.
Tom unloaded the boxes off the truck.
Tom unloaded the car.
Tom unlocked his briefcase.
Tom unlocked his car and got in.
Tom unlocked his car.
Tom unlocked his office door.
Tom unlocked his suitcase.
Tom unlocked the cage.
Tom unlocked the car and got in.
Tom unlocked the car door.
Tom unlocked the car.
Tom unlocked the closet.
Tom unlocked the door and entered the office.
Tom unlocked the door and opened it.
Tom unlocked the door and went in.
Tom unlocked the door and went inside.
Tom unlocked the door for Mary.
Tom unlocked the door for me.
Tom unlocked the door with the key Mary had given him.
Tom unlocked the door, and then stepped aside to let Mary enter first.
Tom unlocked the door.
Tom unlocked the drawer.
Tom unlocked the front door.
Tom unlocked the front gate.
Tom unlocked the gate.
Tom unlocked the safe.
Tom unlocked the supply closet.
Tom unpacked his sleeping bag.
Tom unpacked his suitcase.
Tom unplugged his guitar.
Tom unplugged the TV.
Tom unplugged the iron.
Tom unplugged the lamp.
Tom unplugged the toaster and put it in a box.
Tom unrolled his sleeping bag on his foam pad.
Tom unrolled his sleeping bag.
Tom unrolled his yoga mat.
Tom unrolled the rope ladder and hung it out the window.
Tom unrolled the sleeping mat.
Tom unscrewed the cap and handed the jar to Mary.
Tom unscrewed the cap of his canteen and took a drink.
Tom unscrewed the lid.
Tom unscrewed the light bulb.
Tom unsheathed his sword.
Tom unstrapped the watch from his wrist.
Tom untied Mary.
Tom untied his ponytail.
Tom untied the knot and removed the gag.
Tom untied the ribbon.
Tom untied the ropes.
Tom until now has never, not even once, talked about what he thinks.
Tom unwillingly agreed to help Mary.
Tom unwrapped his sandwich and ate it.
Tom unwrapped his sandwich and started eating it.
Tom unwrapped his sandwich.
Tom unwrapped the chocolate.
Tom unwrapped the gift and gasped.
Tom unwrapped the gift carefully.
Tom unwrapped the gift.
Tom unwrapped the package.
Tom unwrapped the present quickly.
Tom unwrapped the present very slowly.
Tom unwrapped the present.
Tom unwrapped the scarf from his around his face.
Tom unzipped his backpack.
Tom unzipped his coat.
Tom unzipped his jacket.
Tom unzipped his knapsack.
Tom unzipped his pants.
Tom unzipped his trousers.
Tom unzipped the zip file.
Tom unzipped.
Tom upcasted the variable.
Tom updated his computer.
Tom updated his website.
Tom upgraded his phone.
Tom uploaded a video on YouTube.
Tom upset Mary.
Tom upset me yesterday.
Tom urged Mary to be more careful.
Tom urged Mary to do that.
Tom urged Mary to do the same thing that John was doing.
Tom urged Mary to do the same thing.
Tom urged Mary to do the same.
Tom urged Mary to drive carefully.
Tom urged Mary to go to Boston.
Tom urged Mary to leave.
Tom urged Mary to resign.
Tom urged Mary to return to Australia.
Tom urged Mary to return to Boston.
Tom urged Mary to study French.
Tom urged Mary to study art.
Tom urged Mary to study harder.
Tom urged Mary to take an umbrella.
Tom urged Mary to take the job she was being offered.
Tom urged Mary to tell John the truth.
Tom urged Mary to travel while she was still young.
Tom urged his horse into a gallop.
Tom urged me to do it.
Tom urged me to do that.
Tom urged me to finish it as planned.
Tom urged me to go with Mary.
Tom urged me to go, but I refused.
Tom urged me to study French.
Tom urged me to wait a little longer.
Tom urged the residents of the town to form a militia.
Tom urged us to be careful.
Tom urinated in the park by a tree.
Tom used Mary's cellphone.
Tom used Mary's computer.
Tom used Mary's credit card.
Tom used Mary's credit cards.
Tom used Mary's phone.
Tom used Mary's toothbrush by mistake.
Tom used Mary.
Tom used a bug net to collect bugs.
Tom used a cotton swab to clean his ear.
Tom used a credit card to pay.
Tom used a crowbar to pry open the door.
Tom used a crowbar to pry open the lid of the crate.
Tom used a dating app.
Tom used a fake ID.
Tom used a filter to enhance his photo.
Tom used a filter to enhance the image.
Tom used a fire extinguisher to try and put the fire out.
Tom used a hair dryer to dry his hair.
Tom used a hammer to break the shop window.
Tom used a hand-cranked pasta machine to make fresh pasta.
Tom used a legal loophole.
Tom used a level to check whether the wall was straight.
Tom used a page of dot points to jog his memory when he made his speech.
Tom used a pasta machine to make fresh pasta.
Tom used a racial slur.
Tom used a racist term.
Tom used a racist word.
Tom used a slide rule to perform the calculation.
Tom used a slide rule.
Tom used a stencil to paint the sign.
Tom used a telescope to look at the night sky.
Tom used a thermal camera to detect leaks in the walls.
Tom used a toothpick.
Tom used a towel to dry his hair.
Tom used a wall scanner before drilling a hole in the wall.
Tom used a whole roll of wallpaper.
Tom used an accelerant to start the fire.
Tom used an alias.
Tom used an insect net to collect bugs.
Tom used an old postcard as a bookmark.
Tom used an old towel to dry his dog.
Tom used auto-tune.
Tom used bait to fish, but caught only one fish as he chatted intimately with his friend.
Tom used crutches to get around.
Tom used dry moss as tinder to start the fire.
Tom used gasoline to start the fire.
Tom used his DeLorean to travel back in time.
Tom used his cellphone to perform a mobile deposit of a check.
Tom used his communication skills to resolve the conflict.
Tom used his credit card to buy this.
Tom used his flags to spell out "HELP" in semaphore.
Tom used his grandma's disabled parking placard to get a good parking spot at the water park.
Tom used his handkerchief to wipe the tears from Mary's cheeks.
Tom used his head.
Tom used his imagination.
Tom used his knife as a screwdriver.
Tom used his knife to cut the rope.
Tom used his machete to clear the trail.
Tom used his multi-meter to measure the current.
Tom used his multi-meter to measure the voltage.
Tom used his multimeter to measure the current.
Tom used his multimeter to measure the voltage.
Tom used his parents' credit card without permission.
Tom used his phone as a mirror.
Tom used his pocketknife to cut the rope.
Tom used his satellite phone to call Mary.
Tom used his secluded cabin in the woods as a getaway from his hectic life as a company director.
Tom used his umbrella as a weapon.
Tom used inappropriate language.
Tom used it only once.
Tom used margarine instead of butter.
Tom used me as a character reference.
Tom used my bicycle without asking me for permission.
Tom used my bicycle without permission.
Tom used my laptop.
Tom used old towels to dry the dog.
Tom used painkillers.
Tom used part of an old wasp's nest as a tinder to get his campfire started.
Tom used reverse psychology on Mary.
Tom used reverse psychology.
Tom used several French words that I didn't know.
Tom used soap and water to wash his hands.
Tom used some discretion.
Tom used steroids.
Tom used that word several times in his speech.
Tom used the F word.
Tom used the F-word.
Tom used the box for a pillow.
Tom used the call button to contact the staff from the elevator.
Tom used the car jack.
Tom used the dictionary.
Tom used the floor jack.
Tom used the internet to look for a job.
Tom used the key Mary had given him to enter the house.
Tom used the key Mary had given him to open the door.
Tom used the money I gave him to buy a bicycle.
Tom used the money Mary gave him to buy something to eat.
Tom used the money earned from breakdancing to buy a bank in Portugal.
Tom used the money he saved up from work to buy the latest smartphone.
Tom used the money he stole from Mary to buy himself a new bicycle.
Tom used the n-word.
Tom used the new knife Mary had given him to cut the vegetables.
Tom used the old towels to dry his hands.
Tom used the same excuse as you just did.
Tom used the same towel for ten days straight.
Tom used the screwdriver to clean his fingernails.
Tom used this table.
Tom used tinder to light the fire.
Tom used to always be here on Mondays.
Tom used to always complain about the weather.
Tom used to always wear a watch, but now he just looks at his smart phone.
Tom used to ask me so many questions about Australia.
Tom used to ask me so many questions about Boston.
Tom used to bake cookies for us.
Tom used to bake us cookies.
Tom used to be John's roommate.
Tom used to be Mary's boyfriend.
Tom used to be Mary's pen pal.
Tom used to be a French teacher.
Tom used to be a bad driver.
Tom used to be a bartender.
Tom used to be a basketball coach.
Tom used to be a basketball player.
Tom used to be a beekeeper.
Tom used to be a believer.
Tom used to be a bellboy.
Tom used to be a better chess player than me.
Tom used to be a better cook than Mary.
Tom used to be a big shot lawyer.
Tom used to be a big-time drug dealer.
Tom used to be a blacksmith.
Tom used to be a bus driver.
Tom used to be a capitalist, but then he got older and wiser.
Tom used to be a capitalist.
Tom used to be a car mechanic.
Tom used to be a car salesman.
Tom used to be a carpenter.
Tom used to be a chain smoker.
Tom used to be a channer.
Tom used to be a chauffeur in Australia.
Tom used to be a coal miner.
Tom used to be a communist.
Tom used to be a cook and a chauffeur in Boston.
Tom used to be a copywriter.
Tom used to be a country music singer.
Tom used to be a court reporter.
Tom used to be a dental hygienist.
Tom used to be a dentist.
Tom used to be a dog breeder.
Tom used to be a dog handler.
Tom used to be a dog trainer.
Tom used to be a drug addict.
Tom used to be a drug dealer.
Tom used to be a famous actor.
Tom used to be a famous singer.
Tom used to be a farmer.
Tom used to be a fighter pilot.
Tom used to be a freelance journalist.
Tom used to be a freelance photographer.
Tom used to be a freighter captain.
Tom used to be a furry in college.
Tom used to be a golfer.
Tom used to be a good dancer.
Tom used to be a good student.
Tom used to be a good worker.
Tom used to be a good writer.
Tom used to be a great dancer.
Tom used to be a hard worker.
Tom used to be a harlequin.
Tom used to be a heavy drinker.
Tom used to be a heavy smoker.
Tom used to be a high school French teacher.
Tom used to be a hobo.
Tom used to be a janitor.
Tom used to be a jazz singer.
Tom used to be a journalist.
Tom used to be a lawyer.
Tom used to be a libertarian socialist.
Tom used to be a libertarian.
Tom used to be a lifeguard.
Tom used to be a long distance truck driver.
Tom used to be a lot fatter than he is now.
Tom used to be a lot richer than he is now.
Tom used to be a mailman.
Tom used to be a mama's boy.
Tom used to be a math teacher.
Tom used to be a member of our club.
Tom used to be a member of the bomb squad.
Tom used to be a monstrous vermin, until he awoke one day transformed into a human.
Tom used to be a nice guy.
Tom used to be a paperboy.
Tom used to be a paramedic.
Tom used to be a pastry chef.
Tom used to be a plumber.
Tom used to be a policeman in Boston.
Tom used to be a policeman.
Tom used to be a pretty good baseball player.
Tom used to be a pretty good dancer.
Tom used to be a pretty good skier.
Tom used to be a primary school teacher.
Tom used to be a prison warden.
Tom used to be a private detective.
Tom used to be a private investigator in Boston.
Tom used to be a professional baseball player.
Tom used to be a professional dog trainer.
Tom used to be a professional wrestler.
Tom used to be a professor at a prestigious university.
Tom used to be a race car driver.
Tom used to be a regular churchgoer.
Tom used to be a rugby player.
Tom used to be a science teacher. Now he's a stand-up comedian.
Tom used to be a security guard here.
Tom used to be a singer in a punk band.
Tom used to be a singer.
Tom used to be a slave.
Tom used to be a soldier.
Tom used to be a special education teacher.
Tom used to be a star.
Tom used to be a street musician.
Tom used to be a strict vegetarian.
Tom used to be a taxi driver in Boston.
Tom used to be a taxi driver.
Tom used to be a teacher.
Tom used to be a teacher. Now he makes his living as a dustman.
Tom used to be a tennis instructor.
Tom used to be a truck driver.
Tom used to be a tugboat captain.
Tom used to be a used car salesman.
Tom used to be a vegetarian.
Tom used to be a very good chess player.
Tom used to be a very good swimmer.
Tom used to be a very shy person.
Tom used to be a very strict teacher.
Tom used to be a waiter.
Tom used to be a war correspondent.
Tom used to be a weatherman.
Tom used to be a welder.
Tom used to be able to beat me at chess.
Tom used to be able to do that by himself.
Tom used to be able to do that quite well.
Tom used to be able to do that.
Tom used to be able to eat very spicy food.
Tom used to be able to play the saxophone fairly well.
Tom used to be able to swim 30 laps.
Tom used to be aggressive.
Tom used to be ambitious.
Tom used to be an anarchist.
Tom used to be an auctioneer.
Tom used to be an electrician.
Tom used to be an epidemiologist.
Tom used to be an orthodontist.
Tom used to be angry all the time.
Tom used to be as rich as Mary is now.
Tom used to be best friends with Mary.
Tom used to be bossy.
Tom used to be called Mary.
Tom used to be cheerful, now he seems to be unhappy.
Tom used to be chubby.
Tom used to be claustrophobic.
Tom used to be competitive.
Tom used to be conceited.
Tom used to be confident.
Tom used to be conscientious.
Tom used to be conservative.
Tom used to be considerate.
Tom used to be cooperative.
Tom used to be demanding.
Tom used to be dependable.
Tom used to be difficult to get along with.
Tom used to be diligent.
Tom used to be discreet.
Tom used to be disorganized.
Tom used to be drunk by this time every night.
Tom used to be easygoing.
Tom used to be engaged to Mary.
Tom used to be famous.
Tom used to be forgetful.
Tom used to be friendly.
Tom used to be fun to hang out with.
Tom used to be fun.
Tom used to be funny.
Tom used to be generous.
Tom used to be good-looking.
Tom used to be handsome.
Tom used to be happy.
Tom used to be healthy.
Tom used to be important.
Tom used to be in a band with me.
Tom used to be in a cult.
Tom used to be in a gang.
Tom used to be in a relationship with Mary.
Tom used to be in the army.
Tom used to be influential.
Tom used to be interesting.
Tom used to be irresponsible.
Tom used to be jealous.
Tom used to be lazy.
Tom used to be lucky.
Tom used to be married to Mary, but he's now married to Alice.
Tom used to be married to Mary.
Tom used to be married to a rich woman.
Tom used to be married.
Tom used to be mean.
Tom used to be more careful.
Tom used to be more reliable.
Tom used to be motivated.
Tom used to be much more aggressive.
Tom used to be much more polite.
Tom used to be my French teacher.
Tom used to be my best friend.
Tom used to be my boyfriend.
Tom used to be my brother-in-law. He's my younger sister's ex-husband.
Tom used to be my coach.
Tom used to be my landlord.
Tom used to be my maths teacher.
Tom used to be my neighbor.
Tom used to be my next door neighbor.
Tom used to be my roommate.
Tom used to be my saxophone teacher.
Tom used to be my son-in-law.
Tom used to be my workmate.
Tom used to be neat.
Tom used to be nice.
Tom used to be obnoxious.
Tom used to be obsessive.
Tom used to be obstinate.
Tom used to be on the basketball team.
Tom used to be on the wrestling team.
Tom used to be one of our employees.
Tom used to be optimistic.
Tom used to be organized.
Tom used to be our handyman.
Tom used to be our lead singer, but now he just sings harmony.
Tom used to be outspoken.
Tom used to be overweight.
Tom used to be polite.
Tom used to be poor.
Tom used to be prejudiced.
Tom used to be pretty good at doing that.
Tom used to be pretty good at tennis.
Tom used to be punctual.
Tom used to be quicker at doing that than Mary.
Tom used to be quite handsome.
Tom used to be quite wealthy, but he's come down in the world.
Tom used to be really famous.
Tom used to be reliable.
Tom used to be responsible.
Tom used to be rich.
Tom used to be romantic.
Tom used to be scared of dogs.
Tom used to be scared of me.
Tom used to be scared of snakes.
Tom used to be secretive.
Tom used to be selfish.
Tom used to be shy.
Tom used to be skinny.
Tom used to be so considerate.
Tom used to be socially anxious because he couldn't find anyone who would understand and share his devotion to stoats; however, everything changed when he learned to incite passion for stoats in others with the use of just a few carefully designed phrases.
Tom used to be successful.
Tom used to be talkative.
Tom used to be taller than me.
Tom used to be the best player on our team.
Tom used to be the best swimmer here.
Tom used to be the fastest runner in our class, but he isn't anymore.
Tom used to be the fastest swimmer on our team.
Tom used to be the manager of a hotel.
Tom used to be the most popular kid in the class.
Tom used to be the pitcher on our team.
Tom used to be thin.
Tom used to be tough.
Tom used to be ugly.
Tom used to be unbeatable.
Tom used to be unfriendly.
Tom used to be unpopular.
Tom used to be very aggressive.
Tom used to be very good-looking.
Tom used to be very shy.
Tom used to be wealthy.
Tom used to be weird.
Tom used to be your best friend, didn't he?
Tom used to be your boyfriend, right?
Tom used to be your friend, didn't he?
Tom used to believe everything Mary said.
Tom used to bring me here to swim when I was younger.
Tom used to bring me here.
Tom used to bully his classmates.
Tom used to bully me.
Tom used to call Mary Honey.
Tom used to call Mary Honeybunch.
Tom used to call me Babe.
Tom used to call me every Monday, but he doesn't anymore.
Tom used to carry his ukulele with him everywhere he went.
Tom used to claim to be Irish.
Tom used to collect Pokemon cards.
Tom used to come around.
Tom used to come here a lot.
Tom used to come here all the time.
Tom used to come here on Mondays.
Tom used to come here once a month.
Tom used to come here.
Tom used to come over all the time and hang out with us.
Tom used to come over every Monday evening and play music with me.
Tom used to come to Australia every summer.
Tom used to come to Boston every summer.
Tom used to come to see me at least once a month.
Tom used to come to visit us every summer.
Tom used to come to work in a Ford.
Tom used to cry a lot when he was a child.
Tom used to cry a lot when he was a kid.
Tom used to cry a lot.
Tom used to dance quite well.
Tom used to date Mary.
Tom used to date a Canadian.
Tom used to date a girl from Boston.
Tom used to date a girl named Mary.
Tom used to date a model.
Tom used to date an actress.
Tom used to date my daughter.
Tom used to date my sister and wanted to marry her.
Tom used to despise Mary.
Tom used to do drugs.
Tom used to do it all the time.
Tom used to do it.
Tom used to do my laundry for me.
Tom used to do that a lot, but he seldom does anymore.
Tom used to do that a lot, didn't he?
Tom used to do that a lot.
Tom used to do that all the time.
Tom used to do that as a kid.
Tom used to do that better than he does now.
Tom used to do that every Monday.
Tom used to do that for me.
Tom used to do that frequently, but he doesn't do that anymore.
Tom used to do that frequently.
Tom used to do that quite often, but he doesn't anymore.
Tom used to do that quite often, but he doesn't do that anymore.
Tom used to do that quite often.
Tom used to do that sometimes.
Tom used to do that when he was a child.
Tom used to do that when he was a kid.
Tom used to do that when he was in high school.
Tom used to do that when he was younger.
Tom used to do that with me.
Tom used to do that, but he doesn't anymore.
Tom used to do that, but he doesn't do it anymore.
Tom used to do that, didn't he?
Tom used to do that.
Tom used to do thirty push-ups every day.
Tom used to do this.
Tom used to dream of playing professional baseball.
Tom used to drink a lot before he met Mary.
Tom used to drink a lot of milk.
Tom used to drink a lot, but now he's a teetotaler.
Tom used to drink a lot.
Tom used to drink beer.
Tom used to drink bourbon.
Tom used to drink like a fish.
Tom used to drink too much.
Tom used to drink.
Tom used to drive a Japanese car.
Tom used to drive a blue car.
Tom used to drive a bus.
Tom used to drive an ice cream truck.
Tom used to drive an old pick-up truck.
Tom used to earn $30,000 a month.
Tom used to eat a lot of junk food.
Tom used to eat a lot of meat.
Tom used to eat meat.
Tom used to eat out almost every day, but now he can't afford to.
Tom used to eat out every day, but he can't afford to anymore.
Tom used to eat out every day, but now he can't afford to.
Tom used to eat out two or three times a week.
Tom used to enjoy being with Mary.
Tom used to enjoy cooking.
Tom used to enjoy doing that.
Tom used to enjoy eating out.
Tom used to enjoy painting.
Tom used to enjoy rock climbing.
Tom used to enjoy studying French.
Tom used to enjoy swimming.
Tom used to enjoy teaching French.
Tom used to follow Mary around like a puppy dog.
Tom used to frequently do that.
Tom used to get advice from Mary.
Tom used to get bullied at school.
Tom used to get good grades.
Tom used to get up before 6:30.
Tom used to get up early.
Tom used to give French lessons.
Tom used to give me a lot of advice.
Tom used to give me advice.
Tom used to go bowling with Mary once a week.
Tom used to go camping a lot.
Tom used to go fishing with his father.
Tom used to go mountain climbing with Mary.
Tom used to go out with Mary.
Tom used to go shopping to our shop.
Tom used to go skiing a lot.
Tom used to go swimming with us quite often, but he doesn't anymore.
Tom used to go swimming with us quite often.
Tom used to go to Australia a lot.
Tom used to go to Australia every summer.
Tom used to go to Australia every winter when he was a child.
Tom used to go to Australia every winter when he was a kid.
Tom used to go to Australia five or six times a year on business.
Tom used to go to Australia in the summer.
Tom used to go to Australia three times a month.
Tom used to go to Boston a lot.
Tom used to go to Boston every summer when he was a child.
Tom used to go to Boston every summer when he was a kid.
Tom used to go to Boston every summer.
Tom used to go to Boston five or six times a year on business.
Tom used to go to Boston three times a month.
Tom used to go to art museums a lot.
Tom used to go to church every Sunday, but he doesn't anymore.
Tom used to go to church every Sunday.
Tom used to go to church every week.
Tom used to go to church.
Tom used to go to concerts a lot.
Tom used to go to concerts quite frequently.
Tom used to go to parties.
Tom used to go to school by bicycle, but now he goes by bus.
Tom used to go to school with Mary.
Tom used to go to this school.
Tom used to hang out at the pool.
Tom used to hang out here.
Tom used to hang out with Mary all the time.
Tom used to hang out with Mary and John.
Tom used to hang out with Mary, John and Alice.
Tom used to hang out with a bunch of bikers.
Tom used to hang out with his friends in his treehouse.
Tom used to hang out with us.
Tom used to hang up the laundry, but he doesn't anymore.
Tom used to harass me.
Tom used to hate Australia.
Tom used to hate Boston.
Tom used to hate Mary.
Tom used to hate Mary. Now he loves her.
Tom used to hate doing that.
Tom used to hate spinach.
Tom used to have a Canadian girlfriend.
Tom used to have a big house on Park Street.
Tom used to have a black car.
Tom used to have a blue car.
Tom used to have a car like this.
Tom used to have a car, but he sold it.
Tom used to have a crush on Mary.
Tom used to have a dog.
Tom used to have a drinking problem.
Tom used to have a goat farm.
Tom used to have a good sense of humor.
Tom used to have a guitar, but he sold it.
Tom used to have a horse.
Tom used to have a house on Park Street.
Tom used to have a job.
Tom used to have a lot of money.
Tom used to have a mustache.
Tom used to have a penpal in Australia that he wrote to several times a month.
Tom used to have a restaurant on Park Street.
Tom used to have a saxophone, but somebody stole it.
Tom used to have a saxophone, but someone stole it.
Tom used to have a sports car.
Tom used to have a summer home near the beach.
Tom used to have posters of rock musicians on his wall.
Tom used to help Mary with her homework.
Tom used to help his father in the store after school.
Tom used to hunt and fish.
Tom used to hunt in the woods behind our house.
Tom used to hunt.
Tom used to kiss Mary goodbye every morning, but he doesn't anymore.
Tom used to laugh at Mary.
Tom used to lie to his parents a lot.
Tom used to like French.
Tom used to like Mary, but now he can't stand her.
Tom used to like baseball.
Tom used to like doing that.
Tom used to like hanging out with Mary.
Tom used to like jazz.
Tom used to like speaking French.
Tom used to like studying French.
Tom used to live at that address.
Tom used to live by himself. Now he lives with us.
Tom used to live deep in the jungle.
Tom used to live here.
Tom used to live in Australia, I think.
Tom used to live in Australia, didn't he?
Tom used to live in Australia.
Tom used to live in Boston, but he moved to Northern Virginia.
Tom used to live in Boston, didn't he?
Tom used to live in Boston.
Tom used to live in a residential area.
Tom used to live in another part of town.
Tom used to live in downtown Boston.
Tom used to live in my neighborhood.
Tom used to live in the same apartment building as I do now.
Tom used to live in the same apartment building as me.
Tom used to live in the same block of flats as me.
Tom used to live in the same neighborhood as Mary.
Tom used to live in the three-room apartment.
Tom used to live in the woods.
Tom used to live in this neighborhood.
Tom used to live near Mary.
Tom used to live near us.
Tom used to live next door to me.
Tom used to live on Park Street.
Tom used to live on a boat.
Tom used to live on a farm.
Tom used to live on the other side of the country.
Tom used to live on the other side of town.
Tom used to live there.
Tom used to live upstairs.
Tom used to live with his grandparents in Australia.
Tom used to live with his grandparents in Boston.
Tom used to live with us.
Tom used to lock himself in the basement for hours.
Tom used to love Mary, but that was years ago.
Tom used to love Mary.
Tom used to love Mary. Now he can't stand her.
Tom used to love Mary. Now he can’t stand her.
Tom used to love doing that.
Tom used to love his job.
Tom used to love that.
Tom used to love to spend time at the zoo.
Tom used to make fun of Mary, but he doesn't anymore.
Tom used to make fun of me.
Tom used to meditate every morning.
Tom used to mow lawns as a part time job.
Tom used to never do that.
Tom used to never drink milk.
Tom used to never eat green peppers.
Tom used to never laugh.
Tom used to never sing.
Tom used to never speak French.
Tom used to never wait very long for anybody.
Tom used to never wait very long for anyone.
Tom used to never walk anywhere.
Tom used to never wear a hat.
Tom used to never win.
Tom used to not do that.
Tom used to often go to Australia.
Tom used to often go to Boston.
Tom used to own a bar on Park Street.
Tom used to own property in Boston.
Tom used to paint.
Tom used to pick on Mary all the time when they were in elementary school.
Tom used to play baseball when he was younger.
Tom used to play baseball.
Tom used to play basketball, but he doesn't anymore.
Tom used to play basketball.
Tom used to play bass in my band.
Tom used to play both baseball and basketball.
Tom used to play chess with my father.
Tom used to play football before he got married.
Tom used to play golf two or three times a week.
Tom used to play golf with my father.
Tom used to play golf.
Tom used to play guitar.
Tom used to play hooky a lot when he was a kid.
Tom used to play lacrosse, but he doesn't anymore.
Tom used to play lacrosse, but he doesn’t anymore.
Tom used to play piano at a club I often go to.
Tom used to play poker with us.
Tom used to play second base for his high school's baseball team.
Tom used to play soccer in college.
Tom used to play soccer.
Tom used to play tennis almost every day.
Tom used to play tennis every Monday afternoon.
Tom used to play tennis every Monday.
Tom used to play tennis on Monday afternoons.
Tom used to play tennis three days a week.
Tom used to play tennis with Mary.
Tom used to play tennis, but he doesn't anymore.
Tom used to play the banjo when he was younger.
Tom used to play the banjo.
Tom used to play the cello.
Tom used to play the guitar better than he does now.
Tom used to play the guitar when he was younger.
Tom used to play the guitar, didn't he?
Tom used to play the guitar.
Tom used to play the piano professionally.
Tom used to play the piano when he was younger.
Tom used to play the piano.
Tom used to play the trombone. Now he plays the cello.
Tom used to play the tuba.
Tom used to play volleyball with us.
Tom used to practice the piano three hours every day.
Tom used to put red wine in the refrigerator, but he doesn't anymore.
Tom used to raise rabbits.
Tom used to read a bedtime story to his children every day.
Tom used to read a lot.
Tom used to read bedtime stories to his children every day.
Tom used to read bedtime stories to his children every night.
Tom used to ride the bus to work.
Tom used to run a bar on Park Street.
Tom used to say that I talked to much.
Tom used to say that all the time.
Tom used to say that to me all the time.
Tom used to say that.
Tom used to sell cars.
Tom used to sell flowers.
Tom used to sell postcards door to door.
Tom used to sell postcards.
Tom used to sell used cars.
Tom used to send me birthday gifts.
Tom used to shine my shoes.
Tom used to sing almost every day.
Tom used to sing better than he does now.
Tom used to sing in a punk rock band.
Tom used to sing that song with his band.
Tom used to sing to me when I was a kid.
Tom used to sit next to me in French class.
Tom used to sit on my right in science class.
Tom used to sit there.
Tom used to ski a lot.
Tom used to ski quite often.
Tom used to skip school a lot when he was a kid.
Tom used to smile a lot, but he seldom does anymore.
Tom used to smoke a pipe.
Tom used to smoke three packs of cigarettes a day.
Tom used to smoke two packs of cigarettes a day.
Tom used to smoke up to forty cigarettes a day, but last summer he quit smoking completely.
Tom used to smoke up to forty cigarettes daily.
Tom used to smoke, but now he doesn't.
Tom used to smoke.
Tom used to snore, but he doesn't anymore.
Tom used to speak French better than Mary.
Tom used to spend a lot of time with Mary.
Tom used to spend a lot of time with his grandmother.
Tom used to spend a lot of time with his grandparents.
Tom used to spend hours studying French.
Tom used to spend summers here.
Tom used to stay home on Mondays.
Tom used to stay with us every summer.
Tom used to steal apples from his neighbor's tree.
Tom used to steal money from his parents.
Tom used to study French a lot.
Tom used to stutter.
Tom used to swim a lot when he was younger.
Tom used to swim every afternoon.
Tom used to swim every day for thirty minutes.
Tom used to swim in this river.
Tom used to swim quite well.
Tom used to swim, but he doesn't anymore.
Tom used to take a lot of pictures when his children were young.
Tom used to take a walk every day.
Tom used to take a walk every morning before breakfast.
Tom used to talk about Mary a lot.
Tom used to talk about Mary all the time.
Tom used to talk to John about Mary a lot.
Tom used to talk to Mary a lot.
Tom used to talk to Mary all the time.
Tom used to talk to Mary every night on the phone.
Tom used to talk to me about what he did at work.
Tom used to teach French.
Tom used to teach acting.
Tom used to teach at this school.
Tom used to teach me French.
Tom used to tease me a lot, but he doesn't anymore.
Tom used to tell Mary stories about when he lived in Australia.
Tom used to tell Mary stories about when he lived in Boston.
Tom used to tell me I was beautiful.
Tom used to tell me everything.
Tom used to tell me stories about Australia.
Tom used to tell me that I talked too much.
Tom used to tell us a lot of jokes.
Tom used to think Mary didn't like him.
Tom used to think Mary was the most beautiful woman in the world.
Tom used to torment his younger brother.
Tom used to torment his younger sister.
Tom used to travel a lot.
Tom used to trust Mary.
Tom used to trust us.
Tom used to visit me all the time.
Tom used to visit us every now and then.
Tom used to wag school a lot when he was a kid.
Tom used to walk a lot.
Tom used to walk at night because he could not sleep.
Tom used to walk into the bar and order three beers right off.
Tom used to walk to his office, but now he drives.
Tom used to walk to school, but now he cycles to school.
Tom used to walk to school, but now he rides his bike.
Tom used to walk to school.
Tom used to walk to work.
Tom used to wear a baseball cap everywhere he went.
Tom used to wear a wig.
Tom used to wear glasses.
Tom used to wear sunglasses all the time.
Tom used to win a lot, didn't he?
Tom used to win a lot.
Tom used to win all the time.
Tom used to win often.
Tom used to win quite often.
Tom used to work as a bellboy at a hotel.
Tom used to work as a carpenter.
Tom used to work as a chauffeur.
Tom used to work as a dog trainer.
Tom used to work as a fashion designer.
Tom used to work as a florist.
Tom used to work as a freelance photographer.
Tom used to work as a janitor.
Tom used to work as a porter.
Tom used to work as a private detective.
Tom used to work as a sign painter.
Tom used to work as a soup kitchen cook.
Tom used to work as a translator.
Tom used to work as a valet.
Tom used to work as a waiter.
Tom used to work as an auctioneer.
Tom used to work as an electrician.
Tom used to work at a convenience store.
Tom used to work at a paint factory.
Tom used to work at the post office.
Tom used to work at the same place that I do now.
Tom used to work at the supermarket near my house.
Tom used to work for Mary.
Tom used to work for a big firm in Boston.
Tom used to work for me.
Tom used to work for my grandfather.
Tom used to work for our company.
Tom used to work for the CIA.
Tom used to work for the government.
Tom used to work for us.
Tom used to work here.
Tom used to work in Australia.
Tom used to work in Boston.
Tom used to work in Boston. Now he works in Chicago.
Tom used to work in a bakery.
Tom used to work in a bank.
Tom used to work in a convenience store.
Tom used to work in a factory.
Tom used to work in a restaurant in Boston.
Tom used to work in an office on Park Street.
Tom used to work nights.
Tom used to work on a farm.
Tom used to work on the field a lot.
Tom used to work there.
Tom used to work with Mary.
Tom used to write articles for one of the local newspapers.
Tom used to write articles for the local newspaper.
Tom used to write poems.
Tom used to write songs for me.
Tom used to write songs.
Tom used underscores instead of spaces in his screen name.
Tom used up all his bullets.
Tom used up all his energy.
Tom used up all his money.
Tom used up all his water.
Tom used up all the hot water.
Tom used up all the supplies.
Tom used what John told him as leverage.
Tom uses "wicked" as an intensifier.
Tom uses French at work.
Tom uses French every day.
Tom uses Google Chrome.
Tom uses Google Maps.
Tom uses Internet Explorer 11.
Tom uses Internet Explorer to browse the web.
Tom uses Mozilla Firefox.
Tom uses Netscape Navigator.
Tom uses Red Hat Linux.
Tom uses Safari to browse the web.
Tom uses Spotify.
Tom uses Twitter every day.
Tom uses Windows 7.
Tom uses a gold bar as a paperweight.
Tom uses a lot of tag questions, doesn't he?
Tom uses a pillow to support his back when he sleeps.
Tom uses a potter's wheel.
Tom uses a spoon to eat rice, but Mary prefers to use chopsticks.
Tom uses a walker.
Tom uses a wheelchair.
Tom uses an alias when he plays video games.
Tom uses an electric toothbrush.
Tom uses anabolic steroids.
Tom uses auto-tune to alter his voice.
Tom uses auto-tune.
Tom uses big words to make himself look smart, even though he often doesn't know what they mean.
Tom uses bricks for bookends.
Tom uses cannabis for medical reasons.
Tom uses cannabis.
Tom uses cocaine.
Tom uses crutches to get around.
Tom uses emotional blackmail to control people.
Tom uses euphemisms all the time.
Tom uses flashcards to study vocabulary.
Tom uses his DeLorean to travel through time.
Tom uses his Playstation 3 as a Blu-ray player.
Tom uses his fingers to count, even though he's taking calculus.
Tom uses his hands a lot when he talks.
Tom uses honey instead of sugar.
Tom uses it.
Tom uses public transport.
Tom uses public transportation.
Tom uses sock puppet accounts to upvote his posts.
Tom uses sports metaphors for everything.
Tom uses that word a lot.
Tom uses the company car for private purposes.
Tom uses the flashlight app on his cellphone at night to pick up his dog's poop.
Tom uses the name Mary online.
Tom uses the same dictionary as I do.
Tom uses the same dictionary that his father used as a student.
Tom uses the same password for every site.
Tom uses two computers at the same time.
Tom ushered Mary into his office.
Tom usually accomplishes whatever he sets out to do.
Tom usually accomplishes whatever he tries to do.
Tom usually acts without forethought.
Tom usually adds milk to his coffee.
Tom usually arrives home just in time for dinner.
Tom usually brakes too sharply.
Tom usually buys cheap cigarettes.
Tom usually buys expensive clothes.
Tom usually calls Mary at 2:30 every afternoon.
Tom usually calls Mary every evening after dinner.
Tom usually calls Mary every night after dinner.
Tom usually calls at this time.
Tom usually calls me every Monday evening.
Tom usually carries a bottle of water in his pack.
Tom usually carries a bottle of water with him.
Tom usually carries a pocketknife.
Tom usually carries a sketch pad.
Tom usually cleans his room at least once a week.
Tom usually comes early, but today he was late.
Tom usually comes early.
Tom usually comes here on Monday.
Tom usually comes here on Mondays.
Tom usually comes home after midnight.
Tom usually comes home at three.
Tom usually comes home for lunch.
Tom usually comes home late.
Tom usually comes home pretty late at night.
Tom usually comes on time.
Tom usually cries when he's scared.
Tom usually cycles to school.
Tom usually cycles to work, but tomorrow he's going by bus because it's supposed to rain.
Tom usually does a big fry-up for Sunday brunch.
Tom usually does his homework as soon as he gets home.
Tom usually does his homework before dinner.
Tom usually does his homework in the kitchen.
Tom usually does his homework right after dinner.
Tom usually does that about once a week.
Tom usually does that alone.
Tom usually does that at 2:30.
Tom usually does that by himself.
Tom usually does that for Mary.
Tom usually does that for me.
Tom usually does that for us.
Tom usually does that in the afternoon.
Tom usually does that in the morning.
Tom usually does that on his birthday.
Tom usually does that when he's nervous.
Tom usually does that.
Tom usually does the same thing as Mary does.
Tom usually does the same thing as Mary.
Tom usually does this for me.
Tom usually does this kind of thing very quickly.
Tom usually does what Mary asks him to.
Tom usually does what Mary does.
Tom usually does what Mary says.
Tom usually does what he says he'll do.
Tom usually doesn't buy expensive clothes.
Tom usually doesn't comb his hair.
Tom usually doesn't cry.
Tom usually doesn't do his homework in the kitchen.
Tom usually doesn't do that around people he doesn't know.
Tom usually doesn't do that by himself.
Tom usually doesn't do that for me.
Tom usually doesn't do that for people he doesn't know.
Tom usually doesn't do that here.
Tom usually doesn't do that in front of people he doesn't know.
Tom usually doesn't do that in the morning.
Tom usually doesn't do that like that on Monday.
Tom usually doesn't do that like that.
Tom usually doesn't do that.
Tom usually doesn't do what he promises he'll do.
Tom usually doesn't do what he promises.
Tom usually doesn't drink as much as Mary does.
Tom usually doesn't drink as much as Mary.
Tom usually doesn't drink beer at parties.
Tom usually doesn't drink brandy.
Tom usually doesn't eat anything before he goes on stage.
Tom usually doesn't eat as much as Mary does.
Tom usually doesn't eat at the school cafeteria.
Tom usually doesn't eat lunch with us.
Tom usually doesn't eat spinach.
Tom usually doesn't eat with his family.
Tom usually doesn't get here on time.
Tom usually doesn't get home until after his wife is asleep.
Tom usually doesn't get home until very late at night.
Tom usually doesn't get up until 7:30.
Tom usually doesn't get what he asks for.
Tom usually doesn't go to bed this early.
Tom usually doesn't go to work by car.
Tom usually doesn't have to work on Monday afternoons.
Tom usually doesn't like doing that kind of thing.
Tom usually doesn't listen to anybody.
Tom usually doesn't listen to anyone.
Tom usually doesn't lock his back door.
Tom usually doesn't make mistakes.
Tom usually doesn't say such asinine things.
Tom usually doesn't sit next to Mary.
Tom usually doesn't sleep as long as Mary does.
Tom usually doesn't sleep as long as Mary.
Tom usually doesn't speak at meetings.
Tom usually doesn't take medicine if he has a cold.
Tom usually doesn't wear a tie.
Tom usually doesn't win.
Tom usually doesn't work on Mondays.
Tom usually doesn’t have to work on Monday afternoons.
Tom usually drank beer for supper.
Tom usually drinks a lot less than Mary does.
Tom usually drinks a lot more than Mary does.
Tom usually drinks a lot more than Mary.
Tom usually drinks beer at parties.
Tom usually drinks beer for supper.
Tom usually drinks brandy.
Tom usually drinks coffee without sugar.
Tom usually drinks coffee.
Tom usually drinks diet root beer.
Tom usually drinks instant coffee.
Tom usually drinks more coffee than I do.
Tom usually drinks more than three cups of coffee a day.
Tom usually drinks red wine.
Tom usually drinks tea.
Tom usually drives about 10 kph over the speed limit.
Tom usually drives about ten kilometers per hour over the speed limit.
Tom usually drives me home from work.
Tom usually drives past Mary's house on his way home.
Tom usually drives slightly over the speed limit.
Tom usually drives to school.
Tom usually drives too fast.
Tom usually eats a bowl of cereal for breakfast.
Tom usually eats a hamburger in his car on his way to work.
Tom usually eats a sandwich for lunch.
Tom usually eats a soft-boiled egg for breakfast.
Tom usually eats alone.
Tom usually eats anything that Mary puts in front of him.
Tom usually eats breakfast before the rest of the family gets up.
Tom usually eats breakfast in the kitchen.
Tom usually eats breakfast very quickly.
Tom usually eats breakfast with his family.
Tom usually eats brown rice.
Tom usually eats by himself in his room.
Tom usually eats cereal for breakfast.
Tom usually eats dinner at home.
Tom usually eats fish on Fridays.
Tom usually eats fish two or three times a week.
Tom usually eats his lunch alone.
Tom usually eats in a rush.
Tom usually eats in the kitchen.
Tom usually eats less than Mary does.
Tom usually eats less than Mary.
Tom usually eats lunch alone.
Tom usually eats lunch at Chuck's Diner.
Tom usually eats lunch at his desk.
Tom usually eats lunch at noon.
Tom usually eats lunch at twelve o'clock.
Tom usually eats lunch in the cafeteria.
Tom usually eats lunch in the school cafeteria.
Tom usually eats lunch with Mary.
Tom usually eats more than Mary does.
Tom usually eats much less than Mary does.
Tom usually eats oatmeal without sugar.
Tom usually eats only two meals a day.
Tom usually eats scrambled eggs for breakfast.
Tom usually eats soup twice a day.
Tom usually eats too quickly.
Tom usually eats very quickly.
Tom usually eats with us.
Tom usually fasts about 18 hours a day, from dinner until the following day's lunch.
Tom usually feeds his cats in the kitchen.
Tom usually feeds raw meat to his dog.
Tom usually feels sleepy in the early afternoon.
Tom usually fishes off the dock, but sometimes he fishes from the shore.
Tom usually flosses his teeth at least once a day.
Tom usually gets back to his apartment around 11 p.m.
Tom usually gets back to me right away.
Tom usually gets everything he wants.
Tom usually gets here about 2:30.
Tom usually gets here around 2:30.
Tom usually gets here at noon.
Tom usually gets here on time.
Tom usually gets his way.
Tom usually gets home at 2:30.
Tom usually gets home at 6:00.
Tom usually gets home at about six o'clock.
Tom usually gets home before dark.
Tom usually gets into bar fights.
Tom usually gets to school earlier than any other student in his class.
Tom usually gets to school early.
Tom usually gets to work at least thirty minutes early.
Tom usually gets up at 6:30.
Tom usually gets up at six.
Tom usually gets up before dawn.
Tom usually gets up before six.
Tom usually gets up early in the morning.
Tom usually gets up early.
Tom usually gets up late at the weekend.
Tom usually gets what he asks for.
Tom usually gets what he wants.
Tom usually gives Mary a goodbye kiss.
Tom usually gives Mary a kiss goodbye.
Tom usually gives easy-to-understand explanations.
Tom usually gives good advice.
Tom usually goes fishing alone.
Tom usually goes fishing by himself.
Tom usually goes for walks alone.
Tom usually goes home at five o'clock.
Tom usually goes jogging before breakfast.
Tom usually goes out at night.
Tom usually goes rowing by himself.
Tom usually goes skiing for winter vacation.
Tom usually goes swimming before 2:30.
Tom usually goes to bed at 9 in the evening.
Tom usually goes to bed at ten-forty.
Tom usually goes to bed before his parents do.
Tom usually goes to bed before midnight.
Tom usually goes to bed just before midnight.
Tom usually goes to school by bicycle.
Tom usually goes to school by bike.
Tom usually goes to school by bus, but sometimes he goes by bicycle.
Tom usually goes to school by bus, but sometimes he walks.
Tom usually goes to school by bus.
Tom usually goes to sleep at about eleven.
Tom usually goes to the movies on Friday night.
Tom usually goes to work by car.
Tom usually has a glass of wine before dinner to whet his appetite.
Tom usually has a good time doing that.
Tom usually has his computer with him.
Tom usually has lunch at noon.
Tom usually has lunch in the cafeteria.
Tom usually has lunch in the refectory.
Tom usually helps anybody who asks him for help.
Tom usually helps anyone who asks him for help.
Tom usually helps me do my homework.
Tom usually helps me with this kind of thing.
Tom usually ignores Mary.
Tom usually insists on having everything his own way.
Tom usually jogs before breakfast.
Tom usually just lets Mary cry herself to sleep.
Tom usually keeps all the windows open in the spring.
Tom usually keeps appointments.
Tom usually keeps his phone in manner mode.
Tom usually keeps his promises.
Tom usually keeps things to himself.
Tom usually keeps to himself, but give him some beer and he'll gladly pour his heart out.
Tom usually keeps to himself.
Tom usually laughs at Mary's jokes.
Tom usually leaves for school at about 7:30.
Tom usually leaves home at seven.
Tom usually leaves work at about 2:30.
Tom usually lets dirty dishes pile up for a week, then he washes them.
Tom usually listens to a radio station that plays classic rock.
Tom usually listens to classical music.
Tom usually listens to music while he works.
Tom usually looks so disheveled.
Tom usually loses at blackjack.
Tom usually makes 2-3 cups of tea with one tea bag.
Tom usually makes two or three cups of tea with one tea bag.
Tom usually only drinks one glass of wine, but yesterday he drank three.
Tom usually only eats oatmeal for breakfast.
Tom usually only eats two meals a day.
Tom usually only gets his hair cut two or three times a year.
Tom usually only hires people he already knows.
Tom usually only reads the headlines.
Tom usually only teaches French, but this year he's also teaching English.
Tom usually only teaches French, but this year he's teaching English, too.
Tom usually only wears glasses when he reads.
Tom usually only wears glasses when he's reading.
Tom usually only wears his glasses when he's reading.
Tom usually pays for everything in cash.
Tom usually pays his bills on time.
Tom usually plays a drum solo at least once every time his band gives a concert.
Tom usually plays a good game of tennis, but he isn't in good form today.
Tom usually plays a good game of tennis, but he's not in good form today.
Tom usually plays tennis on Mondays.
Tom usually prefers to ride in the back seat.
Tom usually puts mustard and ketchup on his hot dogs.
Tom usually puts things in the refrigerator as soon as he gets home from the supermarket.
Tom usually reads the newspaper while eating breakfast.
Tom usually reads the newspapers while he's eating breakfast.
Tom usually reads when he's waiting for people.
Tom usually remembers to duck his head to avoid the swinging boom when tacking in his sailboat.
Tom usually replies to text messages within a few minutes.
Tom usually rides his bicycle to school.
Tom usually rides the bus to work.
Tom usually rises with the sun.
Tom usually says "Pardon my French" whenever he swears.
Tom usually screens his calls.
Tom usually seems to agree with Mary.
Tom usually seems to do that.
Tom usually seems to win.
Tom usually shops at the mall.
Tom usually shows up on time.
Tom usually sits at the kitchen table and eats cereal while reading the morning paper.
Tom usually sits here.
Tom usually sits in the back of the classroom.
Tom usually sits in the back pew.
Tom usually sits in the back.
Tom usually sits just behind Mary in French class.
Tom usually sits next to Mary on the bus.
Tom usually sits there.
Tom usually skips breakfast.
Tom usually sleeps eight hours.
Tom usually sleeps for eight hours.
Tom usually sleeps in on Saturdays and Sundays.
Tom usually sleeps in this room.
Tom usually sleeps longer than Mary does.
Tom usually sleeps longer than Mary.
Tom usually sleeps on his back.
Tom usually sleeps with his window open.
Tom usually sleeps with his windows open, even in the winter.
Tom usually sleeps with his windows open.
Tom usually sleeps with the lights on.
Tom usually sleeps with the window open.
Tom usually speaks French to Mary.
Tom usually speaks French with Mary.
Tom usually speaks French with me.
Tom usually speaks French.
Tom usually stands behind the counter.
Tom usually starts his day with a hot cup of coffee.
Tom usually stays at 5-star hotels.
Tom usually stays at Hilton Hotels when he visits cities that have them.
Tom usually stays at a hotel on Park Street.
Tom usually stays at five-star hotels.
Tom usually stays at home at weekends.
Tom usually stays at home on weekends.
Tom usually stays home on Monday.
Tom usually stays home on Mondays.
Tom usually stays home on weekends.
Tom usually stays in bed until after his children leave for school.
Tom usually stays up late at night.
Tom usually stays up till after midnight.
Tom usually stays up until past midnight.
Tom usually stays with us when he comes to Boston.
Tom usually studies in the afternoon.
Tom usually studies two or three hours a day.
Tom usually swims in the morning.
Tom usually takes a bath in the evening.
Tom usually takes a break at 2:30.
Tom usually takes a bus to work.
Tom usually takes a short nap after lunch.
Tom usually takes a short snooze after lunch.
Tom usually takes a shower before breakfast.
Tom usually takes a shower before eating breakfast.
Tom usually takes a three-hour nap in the early afternoon.
Tom usually takes a walk every morning before breakfast.
Tom usually takes notes in French.
Tom usually takes the bus home on Mondays.
Tom usually takes the days between Christmas and New Year off on recreation leave.
Tom usually takes the subway to school.
Tom usually talks to me in French.
Tom usually teaches French, but this year he's teaching English.
Tom usually tells the truth.
Tom usually travels by motorcycle.
Tom usually tries not to drive through cities.
Tom usually tries to sit close to the door.
Tom usually uses credit cards instead of cash.
Tom usually waits for me.
Tom usually wakes up about noon.
Tom usually wakes up around nine.
Tom usually wakes up at about six-thirty, but he doesn't usually get out of bed until seven.
Tom usually wakes up every morning before his alarm clock goes off.
Tom usually walks at a very fast pace.
Tom usually walks his dog in the morning.
Tom usually walks his dog on a leash.
Tom usually walks home from school.
Tom usually walks home from work.
Tom usually walks home.
Tom usually walks to school if it isn't raining.
Tom usually walks to school if it's not raining.
Tom usually walks to school with Mary.
Tom usually walks to school.
Tom usually walks with a cane.
Tom usually washes the dishes.
Tom usually watches CNN while he's eating dinner.
Tom usually watches movies online.
Tom usually watches the news while eating dinner.
Tom usually watches the news while he's eating dinner.
Tom usually watches the weather report in the morning before leaving home.
Tom usually wears a black cowboy hat.
Tom usually wears a camouflage jacket.
Tom usually wears a conservative suit.
Tom usually wears a cowboy hat, but today he's wearing a baseball cap.
Tom usually wears a hat and carries an umbrella.
Tom usually wears a hat when he goes out.
Tom usually wears a hat.
Tom usually wears a hoodie.
Tom usually wears a tie at work.
Tom usually wears a wetsuit when he goes surfing.
Tom usually wears black clothes.
Tom usually wears black.
Tom usually wears blue slippers around the house.
Tom usually wears blue socks.
Tom usually wears dungarees.
Tom usually wears glasses only when he reads.
Tom usually wears glasses when he reads.
Tom usually wears glasses.
Tom usually wears jeans and a white T-shirt.
Tom usually wears jeans and a white t-shirt.
Tom usually wears jeans.
Tom usually wears loose-fitting work clothes.
Tom usually wears silk pajamas.
Tom usually wears sunglasses even when it isn't so bright.
Tom usually wears sunglasses even when it's not so bright.
Tom usually wears sunglasses even when it's not sunny.
Tom usually wears sunglasses even when it’s not so bright.
Tom usually wears sunglasses whenever he goes outside.
Tom usually wears the same shirt all week.
Tom usually wears white tennis shoes.
Tom usually weeds his garden early in the morning.
Tom usually wins arguments.
Tom usually wins.
Tom usually won't eat spinach.
Tom usually won't speak French.
Tom usually works according to a timetable.
Tom usually works alone.
Tom usually works at night.
Tom usually works from nine to five-thirty.
Tom usually works from nine to five.
Tom usually works late.
Tom usually writes with a blue pen.
Tom utilized some wooden chests as chairs.
Tom uttered a Latin incantation and was suddenly in Boston.
Tom uttered a cry of surprise.
Tom vacuumed his bedroom.
Tom vacuumed his car.
Tom vacuumed his room.
Tom vacuumed the carpet in the living room while Mary mopped the kitchen floor.
Tom vacuumed the carpet.
Tom vaguely remembers meeting Mary.
Tom values Mary’s ability to explain things in simple terms.
Tom values his life and health and therefore he never takes risks unnecessarily.
Tom values our opinions.
Tom values the truth.
Tom values your friendship.
Tom vandalised his neighbour's garden.
Tom vandalized the abandoned farmhouse.
Tom vanished into the darkness.
Tom vanished into thin air.
Tom vanished under mysterious circumstances.
Tom vanished without a trace.
Tom vanished without saying a word.
Tom vanished, too.
Tom vanished.
Tom varnished the floor.
Tom vaulted over the wall like it was nothing.
Tom vaulted over the wall.
Tom vehemently denied having done that.
Tom vehemently denied he'd done that.
Tom vehemently denied that he'd done that.
Tom vehemently denied the accusations.
Tom vehemently denied this.
Tom vehemently dislikes being a burden to others.
Tom vented his anger.
Tom ventilated him.
Tom ventured outside.
Tom verified the date of the meeting.
Tom very frequently does that after dinner.
Tom very frequently does that alone.
Tom very frequently does that by himself.
Tom very likely missed his bus.
Tom very much wants to meet you.
Tom very nearly got run over by a truck.
Tom very often borrows money from his friends.
Tom very often makes mistakes when he speaks French.
Tom very often makes mistakes when he's speaking French.
Tom very often takes a nap for an hour after lunch.
Tom very quickly realized his mistake.
Tom very rarely agrees with me.
Tom very rarely cries.
Tom very rarely does that alone.
Tom very rarely does that before lunch.
Tom very rarely does that by himself.
Tom very rarely does that.
Tom very rarely goes anywhere by himself.
Tom very rarely laughs.
Tom very rarely plays the clarinet anymore.
Tom very rarely says anything.
Tom very rarely sleeps for more than three hours at a time.
Tom very rarely speaks French.
Tom very rarely waits for anybody.
Tom very rarely waits for anyone.
Tom very rarely walks anywhere.
Tom very seldom agrees with me.
Tom very seldom comes to visit Mary.
Tom very seldom cries.
Tom very seldom does that alone.
Tom very seldom does that anymore.
Tom very seldom does that by himself.
Tom very seldom does that in the afternoon.
Tom very seldom does that.
Tom very seldom eats cookies.
Tom very seldom eats red meat.
Tom very seldom goes anywhere anymore.
Tom very seldom goes anywhere by himself.
Tom very seldom has homework.
Tom very seldom hugs Mary anymore.
Tom very seldom kisses his children anymore.
Tom very seldom laughs.
Tom very seldom sings in French.
Tom very seldom smiles anymore.
Tom very seldom smiles.
Tom very seldom speaks French.
Tom very seldom waits for anybody.
Tom very seldom waits for anyone.
Tom very seldom walks anywhere.
Tom vetoed his own plan.
Tom videotaped it.
Tom violated a law.
Tom violated his parole.
Tom violated some rules.
Tom violated the restraining order.
Tom violated the rules.
Tom violated the terms of his parole.
Tom violently kicked the garbage can.
Tom visibly impressed everyone.
Tom visited Annaba, Algeria.
Tom visited Australia in 2013.
Tom visited Australia last month.
Tom visited Australia last summer.
Tom visited Australia last year.
Tom visited Australia three years ago.
Tom visited Australia.
Tom visited Boston first.
Tom visited Boston last month.
Tom visited Boston last year.
Tom visited Boston.
Tom visited Mary at her home in Boston.
Tom visited Mary at her retirement community.
Tom visited Mary first.
Tom visited Mary in Australia in October.
Tom visited Mary in Australia last month.
Tom visited Mary in Australia last spring.
Tom visited Mary in Australia.
Tom visited Mary in Boston in October.
Tom visited Mary in Boston last spring.
Tom visited Mary in Boston last week.
Tom visited Mary in Boston.
Tom visited Mary in her Boston home.
Tom visited Mary in jail.
Tom visited Mary in prison.
Tom visited Mary in the hospital.
Tom visited Mary last Monday morning.
Tom visited Mary last summer.
Tom visited Mary last week.
Tom visited Mary on October 20th.
Tom visited Mary on Sunday morning.
Tom visited Mary once a year.
Tom visited Mary whenever he could.
Tom visited Mary yesterday.
Tom visited Mary's grave.
Tom visited Mary, who was in the hospital with a broken bone.
Tom visited Mary.
Tom visited St Mark's Basilica.
Tom visited a friend.
Tom visited an elephant sanctuary.
Tom visited four countries.
Tom visited his aunt and uncle.
Tom visited me on Monday.
Tom visited me regularly.
Tom visited me yesterday afternoon.
Tom visited me yesterday.
Tom visited not only Boston but Chicago, too.
Tom visited not only Boston but also Chicago.
Tom visited some beautiful castles and museums in Germany.
Tom visited the Alhambra.
Tom visited the Boboli gardens in Florence.
Tom visited the Colosseum in Rome.
Tom visited the National Museum when he was in Amsterdam.
Tom visited the Rijksmuseum when he was in Amsterdam.
Tom visited the botanical gardens.
Tom visited the elephant sanctuary.
Tom visited the far north.
Tom visited the museum with Mary.
Tom visited the zoo.
Tom visited three countries.
Tom visited us several times before his death.
Tom visited us this past weekend.
Tom visited us yesterday.
Tom visits Boston every summer.
Tom visits Mary every time he goes to Australia.
Tom visits Mary every time he goes to Boston.
Tom visits Mary every time he's in Australia.
Tom visits Mary every time he's in Boston.
Tom visits Mary twice a year.
Tom visits Mary whenever he can.
Tom visits his aunt.
Tom visits his brother.
Tom visits his father.
Tom visits his grandfather.
Tom visits his grandmother.
Tom visits his grandparents.
Tom visits his mother.
Tom visits his mum.
Tom visits his parents every weekend.
Tom visits his sister.
Tom visits his uncle.
Tom visits me almost every day.
Tom visits me every other weekend.
Tom visits me every time he comes to Australia.
Tom visits me every time he comes to Boston.
Tom visits me from time to time.
Tom visits us every other day.
Tom visits us quite often, but he never stays very long.
Tom visits us twice a year.
Tom visualised his success.
Tom voiced the main character of the film.
Tom volunteered Mary to do the dishes.
Tom volunteered a good deal of his time to helping those less fortunate than himself.
Tom volunteered as well.
Tom volunteered at the hospital during the pandemic.
Tom volunteered at the local food bank every weekend.
Tom volunteered at the shelter during the winter months.
Tom volunteered for the mission.
Tom volunteered to assist in the medical care unit.
Tom volunteered to assist with medical care during the outbreak.
Tom volunteered to be the designated driver.
Tom volunteered to design a website for a local charity.
Tom volunteered to do all the things no one else wanted to do.
Tom volunteered to do that first.
Tom volunteered to do that for us.
Tom volunteered to do that.
Tom volunteered to do the job.
Tom volunteered to drive me home.
Tom volunteered to drive us all home.
Tom volunteered to drive us home.
Tom volunteered to fight.
Tom volunteered to go to Australia.
Tom volunteered to go to Boston.
Tom volunteered to go to the hospital with Mary.
Tom volunteered to go to the meeting with Mary.
Tom volunteered to go to the supermarket with Mary.
Tom volunteered to help Mary wash the dishes.
Tom volunteered to help Mary.
Tom volunteered to help build houses for disaster survivors.
Tom volunteered to help me do that.
Tom volunteered to help raise money for a new orphanage.
Tom volunteered to help the local community center.
Tom volunteered to help train new recruits for the national service.
Tom volunteered to help us do that.
Tom volunteered to help us.
Tom volunteered to help.
Tom volunteered to pay for the damages.
Tom volunteered to show us around Boston.
Tom volunteered to show us around.
Tom volunteered to wash the dishes.
Tom volunteered, too.
Tom volunteered.
Tom volunteers as a camp counselor.
Tom volunteers at a homeless shelter twice a week.
Tom volunteers at a horse sanctuary.
Tom volunteers at a soup kitchen.
Tom volunteers at an animal sanctuary.
Tom volunteers at an animal shelter.
Tom volunteers in a community outreach program designed to help homeless people.
Tom volunteers.
Tom vomited blood.
Tom vomited in the hall.
Tom vomited into the bucket.
Tom vomited on the bus.
Tom vomited on the roller coaster.
Tom vomited profusely.
Tom vomited twice.
Tom vomited.
Tom voted against it.
Tom voted against you.
Tom voted for Donald Trump.
Tom voted for Mary.
Tom voted for Obama.
Tom voted for Romney.
Tom voted for Viktor Orban.
Tom voted for Zohran Mamdani for mayor of New York City.
Tom voted for himself.
Tom voted for it.
Tom voted for the proposal.
Tom voted in favor of the proposal.
Tom voted no.
Tom voted yes.
Tom voted.
Tom votes progressive, but he's very conservative in his day-to-day life.
Tom vouched for Mary.
Tom vowed he'd never agree to do that.
Tom vowed he'd never do it.
Tom vowed he'd never do that.
Tom vowed never to set foot in Australia again.
Tom vowed never to set foot in that place again.
Tom vowed revenge.
Tom vowed that he'd never do it.
Tom vowed that he'd never set foot in Australia again.
Tom vowed to do everything within his power to protect the local wildlife.
Tom vowed to do it.
Tom vowed to do that.
Tom vowed to keep fighting.
Tom vowed to rescue Mary.
Tom vowed to someday take revenge.
Tom vowed to spread the truth about what was going on in the prison.
Tom wacked Mary with a crowbar.
Tom wadded up the piece of paper.
Tom waddled like a penguin.
Tom waded across the river.
Tom waded across the shallow river.
Tom waded across the stream.
Tom waded ankle-deep into the ocean.
Tom waded ankle-deep into the river.
Tom waded into the water.
Tom waggled his finger at Mary.
Tom wailed in pain.
Tom waited a few seconds.
Tom waited a good hour for Mary.
Tom waited a long time before replying.
Tom waited a long time for Mary, but she never showed up.
Tom waited a long time for a taxi.
Tom waited a long time.
Tom waited a moment and then got up to leave.
Tom waited a moment and then replied.
Tom waited a moment before replying.
Tom waited a moment.
Tom waited a while before he began.
Tom waited a while to let his eyes adjust to the darkness.
Tom waited a while.
Tom waited all afternoon for Mary.
Tom waited all day, but Mary never came.
Tom waited all morning, but Mary didn't come.
Tom waited alone in the hallway.
Tom waited an hour in the hallway outside Mary's apartment.
Tom waited and read coffee table books.
Tom waited anxiously.
Tom waited as Mary unlocked the door.
Tom waited at least one hour for Mary.
Tom waited at the bus stop for over an hour, unaware that the bus drivers had called a stop-work meeting.
Tom waited at the bus stop for over an hour, unaware that the bus drivers were on strike.
Tom waited at the front door.
Tom waited breathlessly.
Tom waited by himself.
Tom waited calmly.
Tom waited downstairs as Mary got dressed.
Tom waited even longer than I did.
Tom waited expectantly for something to happen.
Tom waited expectantly.
Tom waited for Mary all afternoon.
Tom waited for Mary at home.
Tom waited for Mary at the bus stop.
Tom waited for Mary at the station.
Tom waited for Mary for a long time.
Tom waited for Mary for hours.
Tom waited for Mary for over three hours.
Tom waited for Mary for three hours.
Tom waited for Mary in front of the library all morning.
Tom waited for Mary in front of the library.
Tom waited for Mary in front of the school.
Tom waited for Mary in front of the warehouse.
Tom waited for Mary in his car.
Tom waited for Mary in the lobby.
Tom waited for Mary outside.
Tom waited for Mary to answer.
Tom waited for Mary to begin.
Tom waited for Mary to call.
Tom waited for Mary to come back.
Tom waited for Mary to come get him, but she never did.
Tom waited for Mary to come home.
Tom waited for Mary to come pick him up, but she never did.
Tom waited for Mary to continue.
Tom waited for Mary to go to bed.
Tom waited for Mary to go to sleep.
Tom waited for Mary to leave.
Tom waited for Mary to phone.
Tom waited for Mary to ring.
Tom waited for Mary to say more, but she didn't.
Tom waited for Mary to say something, but she remained silent.
Tom waited for Mary to say something.
Tom waited for Mary to sit and then sat down next to her.
Tom waited for Mary to speak, but she didn't.
Tom waited for Mary to start.
Tom waited for Mary to unlock the door.
Tom waited for Mary until 2:30.
Tom waited for Mary, but she didn't come.
Tom waited for Mary.
Tom waited for a favorable time.
Tom waited for a long time, but nobody came.
Tom waited for a moment in the hall.
Tom waited for a while.
Tom waited for an hour.
Tom waited for an opportunity to speak.
Tom waited for everyone to sit down.
Tom waited for half an hour.
Tom waited for his dream to come true.
Tom waited for his friend.
Tom waited for his wife for an hour.
Tom waited for hours just to see Mary for a few minutes.
Tom waited for hours, but Mary never showed up.
Tom waited for me to pay for everything.
Tom waited for me.
Tom waited for more than an hour.
Tom waited for quite a while.
Tom waited for several seconds and then opened the door.
Tom waited for someone else to do it for him.
Tom waited for someone else to do that for him.
Tom waited for someone to come.
Tom waited for the applause to die down before he announced the next song.
Tom waited for the bus.
Tom waited for the elevator.
Tom waited for the kettle to boil.
Tom waited for the results.
Tom waited for the toast to pop up.
Tom waited for them to leave.
Tom waited for thirty minutes.
Tom waited for thirty minutes. Mary waited even longer.
Tom waited for three hours, but nobody came to pick him up.
Tom waited for three hours.
Tom waited for three weeks.
Tom waited for us all morning.
Tom waited for us at the bus stop.
Tom waited for us.
Tom waited for what seemed like a long time.
Tom waited for you all afternoon.
Tom waited for you for a long time.
Tom waited half an hour and then left.
Tom waited here for an hour.
Tom waited his turn.
Tom waited impatiently for Mary to get ready.
Tom waited impatiently.
Tom waited in a line for three hours.
Tom waited in front of the house.
Tom waited in his car across the street from the bank.
Tom waited in line for three hours.
Tom waited in line patiently.
Tom waited in line with Mary.
Tom waited in line.
Tom waited in the car.
Tom waited in the park while Mary was shopping.
Tom waited in the parking lot.
Tom waited in vain.
Tom waited inside.
Tom waited more than an hour.
Tom waited nearby.
Tom waited nervously.
Tom waited obediently.
Tom waited on the front porch for Mary.
Tom waited on the platform.
Tom waited on the porch while Mary got ready.
Tom waited outside for thirty minutes.
Tom waited outside in the hallway.
Tom waited outside in the pouring rain for over an hour.
Tom waited outside the closed door.
Tom waited outside the gate.
Tom waited outside the store.
Tom waited outside.
Tom waited over an hour.
Tom waited patiently for Mary to arrive.
Tom waited patiently for Mary to finish packing her suitcase.
Tom waited patiently for Mary to finish what she was doing.
Tom waited patiently for Mary to finish.
Tom waited patiently for Mary.
Tom waited patiently for his meal to arrive.
Tom waited patiently for three hours, and then gave up.
Tom waited patiently for three hours, then left.
Tom waited patiently for three hours.
Tom waited patiently.
Tom waited there.
Tom waited thirty minutes.
Tom waited three hours and then went home.
Tom waited till the door was closed before he started talking.
Tom waited till the door was closed.
Tom waited to hear from Mary.
Tom waited under the tree until it stopped raining.
Tom waited until 2:30.
Tom waited until I arrived.
Tom waited until I got there.
Tom waited until Mary came.
Tom waited until Mary had gone.
Tom waited until Mary was finished before he started talking.
Tom waited until Mary was out of earshot before he started talking.
Tom waited until Mary was out of sight.
Tom waited until everyone was asleep and then he left.
Tom waited until someone else did it for him.
Tom waited until someone else did that for him.
Tom waited until the end of the evening to approach Mary.
Tom waited until the rain stopped before he went outside.
Tom waited up all night.
Tom waited up for Mary.
Tom waited up.
Tom waited while Mary was shopping for clothes.
Tom waited with Mary.
Tom waited with everybody else.
Tom waited with everyone else.
Tom waited, but Mary never came back.
Tom waited, but no one came.
Tom waited, but nobody came.
Tom waited.
Tom waits for Mary.
Tom waits for me at the bus stop every morning.
Tom waits for no man.
Tom waits for no one.
Tom waits patiently for Mary.
Tom waits while Mary shops for clothes.
Tom waived his rights.
Tom wakes Mary up at eleven.
Tom wakes from a deep sleep.
Tom wakes up at 8 a.m. every morning.
Tom wakes up at eight in the evening.
Tom wakes up at eight in the morning.
Tom wakes up at six-thirty every morning.
Tom wakes up at the crack of dawn every day.
Tom wakes up early almost every morning.
Tom wakes up early.
Tom wakes up every three hours during the night, while Mary sleeps all the way through.
Tom wakes up when it is already quite light.
Tom walk his dogs at least three times a day.
Tom walked Kate home.
Tom walked Mary back to her apartment.
Tom walked Mary back to her car.
Tom walked Mary home after the party.
Tom walked Mary home.
Tom walked Mary to her apartment.
Tom walked Mary to her car.
Tom walked Mary to her door.
Tom walked Mary to her flat.
Tom walked Mary to the bus station.
Tom walked Mary to the door and she left.
Tom walked Mary to the elevator.
Tom walked Mary to the front door.
Tom walked Mary to the gate.
Tom walked Mary to the subway station.
Tom walked Mary's dog for her.
Tom walked a few steps, and then collapsed.
Tom walked about restlessly.
Tom walked across the bridge.
Tom walked across the crosswalk.
Tom walked across the dance floor to ask Mary to dance with him.
Tom walked across the dance floor.
Tom walked across the farmyard to the barn in his pyjamas and slippers.
Tom walked across the field.
Tom walked across the floor.
Tom walked across the garden.
Tom walked across the hall to see what was happening.
Tom walked across the pedestrian crossing.
Tom walked across the room and opened the window.
Tom walked across the room to open the curtains.
Tom walked across the room.
Tom walked across the savannah.
Tom walked across the street.
Tom walked across the yard.
Tom walked ahead of me.
Tom walked ahead of us.
Tom walked ahead.
Tom walked aimlessly around town for three hours.
Tom walked all day.
Tom walked all the way home.
Tom walked alone.
Tom walked along Park Street, looking for Mary's house.
Tom walked along the narrow path for hours.
Tom walked along the river.
Tom walked along the shore alone.
Tom walked along the shore.
Tom walked along the sidewalk.
Tom walked along the street.
Tom walked around campus carrying his laptop.
Tom walked around campus looking for his notebook.
Tom walked around campus with Mary.
Tom walked around campus with a pacifier.
Tom walked around the block in his ugg boots.
Tom walked around the car and opened the door for Mary.
Tom walked around the city.
Tom walked around the corner and disappeared from sight.
Tom walked around the farm.
Tom walked around the island.
Tom walked around the lake.
Tom walked around the mall, window shopping.
Tom walked around the pond.
Tom walked around the room.
Tom walked around the store, buying things he needed.
Tom walked around the store.
Tom walked around the supermarket.
Tom walked as far as he could.
Tom walked as far as the station.
Tom walked as fast as he could to catch up with Mary.
Tom walked away and soon disappeared into the fog.
Tom walked away angrily.
Tom walked away from Mary.
Tom walked away from his car.
Tom walked away from me.
Tom walked away from the accident unhurt.
Tom walked away from the fight, which likely saved his life.
Tom walked away from the group.
Tom walked away from the podium.
Tom walked away from the restaurant.
Tom walked away in disgust.
Tom walked away quickly.
Tom walked away slowly.
Tom walked away unhurt.
Tom walked away with the prize.
Tom walked away without saying a word.
Tom walked away without saying anything.
Tom walked away without waiting for an answer.
Tom walked away, and Mary watched him go.
Tom walked away.
Tom walked back home alone.
Tom walked back home.
Tom walked back in through the door.
Tom walked back inside the building.
Tom walked back inside the house and closed the door.
Tom walked back into his apartment.
Tom walked back into his office.
Tom walked back into the building.
Tom walked back into the church.
Tom walked back into the hotel.
Tom walked back into the house.
Tom walked back into the kitchen.
Tom walked back into the living room.
Tom walked back into the store.
Tom walked back on the stage.
Tom walked back out the door he'd just entered.
Tom walked back out the door that he'd just entered.
Tom walked back out the door.
Tom walked back to his car and got in.
Tom walked back to his car.
Tom walked back to his desk, sat down and started writing.
Tom walked back to his dorm by himself.
Tom walked back to his dorm.
Tom walked back to his dormitory by himself.
Tom walked back to his dormitory.
Tom walked back to his hotel after attending meetings all day.
Tom walked back to his hotel.
Tom walked back to his room.
Tom walked back to his seat and sat down.
Tom walked back to the cabin.
Tom walked back to the camp.
Tom walked back to the hotel.
Tom walked back to the podium.
Tom walked back to the stables.
Tom walked back toward the house.
Tom walked back towards Mary.
Tom walked back upstairs.
Tom walked backwards, retracing his steps.
Tom walked behind me.
Tom walked between the rows of corn.
Tom walked both ways.
Tom walked briskly down the hall.
Tom walked briskly down the road.
Tom walked by Mary without noticing her.
Tom walked by Mary without seeing her.
Tom walked by me without saying a thing.
Tom walked by without noticing me.
Tom walked cautiously down the dark alley.
Tom walked down Park Street past Mary's house.
Tom walked down Park Street, looking for Mary's house.
Tom walked down Park Street.
Tom walked down a flight of stairs.
Tom walked down a secluded path.
Tom walked down into the basement.
Tom walked down the beach, looking for Mary.
Tom walked down the corridor and into Mary's office.
Tom walked down the corridor.
Tom walked down the dark hallway.
Tom walked down the gravel road towards his farm.
Tom walked down the hall alone.
Tom walked down the hall and disappeared into the bathroom.
Tom walked down the hall and into Mary's office.
Tom walked down the hall as quietly as he could.
Tom walked down the hall by himself.
Tom walked down the hall to the exit.
Tom walked down the hall with Mary.
Tom walked down the hall.
Tom walked down the path, whistling a happy tune.
Tom walked down the path, whistling a tune.
Tom walked down the pier toward his boat, carrying three harpoons.
Tom walked down the sidewalk.
Tom walked down the stairs to the basement.
Tom walked down the stairs.
Tom walked down the steps.
Tom walked down the street carrying a black gym bag.
Tom walked down the street in silence.
Tom walked down the street toward the church.
Tom walked down the street whistling a happy tune.
Tom walked down the street without looking either left or right.
Tom walked down the street.
Tom walked down the trail.
Tom walked down the tree-lined avenue.
Tom walked down to the corner.
Tom walked downstairs.
Tom walked downtown.
Tom walked fast.
Tom walked from one side of the dance hall to the other.
Tom walked from one side of the discotheque to the other.
Tom walked halfway to school before he remembered that today was a holiday.
Tom walked here.
Tom walked his dog every day.
Tom walked his dog every morning.
Tom walked his dog in the park.
Tom walked his dog.
Tom walked his dogs every morning.
Tom walked his three dogs every day.
Tom walked home alone.
Tom walked home by himself.
Tom walked home drunk in the fresh snow.
Tom walked home from school with Mary.
Tom walked home from school.
Tom walked home in the rain without an umbrella.
Tom walked home in the rain.
Tom walked home with Mary.
Tom walked home.
Tom walked in alone.
Tom walked in and looked around for Mary.
Tom walked in and quietly closed the door behind him.
Tom walked in and sat on the couch.
Tom walked in by himself.
Tom walked in carrying a briefcase.
Tom walked in carrying more supplies.
Tom walked in from the porch.
Tom walked in front of me.
Tom walked in on Mary and John kissing.
Tom walked in on them kissing.
Tom walked in the door at just the right time.
Tom walked in the room.
Tom walked in through the front door.
Tom walked in wearing a tuxedo.
Tom walked in with bags of take-out food.
Tom walked in with snacks.
Tom walked in.
Tom walked inside.
Tom walked into French class with a big smile on his face.
Tom walked into Mary's bedroom.
Tom walked into Mary's house.
Tom walked into Mary's office, pulled out his gun and shot Mary's assistant.
Tom walked into Mary's office.
Tom walked into Mary's room, carrying a tray of food.
Tom walked into Mary's room, carrying some sandwiches.
Tom walked into Mary's room.
Tom walked into his apartment and closed the door behind him.
Tom walked into his apartment.
Tom walked into his bedroom.
Tom walked into his house.
Tom walked into his messy apartment.
Tom walked into his room and closed the door.
Tom walked into his room.
Tom walked into the apartment.
Tom walked into the bank.
Tom walked into the bar.
Tom walked into the barn.
Tom walked into the bathroom.
Tom walked into the bedroom to get some clothes.
Tom walked into the cell.
Tom walked into the classroom, carrying a cardboard box.
Tom walked into the conference room.
Tom walked into the courthouse.
Tom walked into the courtroom, surrounded by police officers.
Tom walked into the courtroom.
Tom walked into the drugstore.
Tom walked into the gym with a smile on his face.
Tom walked into the gym.
Tom walked into the hospital.
Tom walked into the house carrying a box full of old clothes.
Tom walked into the house carrying a box.
Tom walked into the house, carrying a coat.
Tom walked into the house.
Tom walked into the kitchen and opened the refrigerator.
Tom walked into the kitchen holding a small box.
Tom walked into the kitchen to get himself some coffee.
Tom walked into the kitchen with a fly swatter in his right hand.
Tom walked into the kitchen, carrying a bag of groceries.
Tom walked into the kitchen.
Tom walked into the library with a stack of books.
Tom walked into the library.
Tom walked into the living room with a smile on his face.
Tom walked into the living room with two drinks in his hands.
Tom walked into the living room, carrying a pizza.
Tom walked into the living room, still buttoning his shirt.
Tom walked into the living room.
Tom walked into the pub and ordered a pint of beer.
Tom walked into the restaurant with a big smile on his face.
Tom walked into the room and asked where Mary was.
Tom walked into the room and started talking with Mary.
Tom walked into the room carrying a brown paper grocery bag.
Tom walked into the room with an armful of laundry.
Tom walked into the room, carrying a bouquet of flowers.
Tom walked into the room, carrying flowers.
Tom walked into the room, carrying two cups of coffee.
Tom walked into the room, followed by John and Mary.
Tom walked into the room, looking very handsome.
Tom walked into the room.
Tom walked into the signpost.
Tom walked into the store.
Tom walked into the theater.
Tom walked into the woods.
Tom walked into the yard.
Tom walked me home.
Tom walked me to the gate.
Tom walked next to me.
Tom walked nonchalantly.
Tom walked off angrily.
Tom walked off the dance floor.
Tom walked off the stage.
Tom walked off with Mary's umbrella.
Tom walked off with my umbrella.
Tom walked off.
Tom walked on stage and took a bow.
Tom walked on stage, taking a bow.
Tom walked on the treadmill for an hour.
Tom walked on.
Tom walked out in the hallway.
Tom walked out into his backyard.
Tom walked out of the bar with a smile on his face.
Tom walked out of the bar.
Tom walked out of the building.
Tom walked out of the classroom with Mary.
Tom walked out of the classroom.
Tom walked out of the courtroom, surrounded by reporters.
Tom walked out of the gym.
Tom walked out of the hospital on crutches.
Tom walked out of the house.
Tom walked out of the hut.
Tom walked out of the kitchen.
Tom walked out of the lift and down the corridor to his office.
Tom walked out of the meeting.
Tom walked out of the movie because he was too scared.
Tom walked out of the movie.
Tom walked out of the restaurant just in time to see his car being towed away.
Tom walked out of the room without looking back.
Tom walked out of the room.
Tom walked out of the speech.
Tom walked out of the store without paying.
Tom walked out of the store, carrying a box full of food.
Tom walked out of the store, carrying a couple of boxes.
Tom walked out of the store, carrying three large boxes.
Tom walked out of the store, carrying three packages.
Tom walked out of the store, without buying anything.
Tom walked out on Mary.
Tom walked out on me.
Tom walked out on stage.
Tom walked out on to the stage and started singing.
Tom walked out onto the porch.
Tom walked out the door and never looked back.
Tom walked out the door without saying goodbye.
Tom walked out the door.
Tom walked out to his office carrying a couple of boxes.
Tom walked out to the balcony with a cup of coffee.
Tom walked out to the parking lot to look at Mary's new car.
Tom walked out with Mary.
Tom walked out.
Tom walked outside.
Tom walked over the broken glass barefooted.
Tom walked over the burning coals barefooted.
Tom walked over the sand dunes.
Tom walked over to Mary and gave her something.
Tom walked over to Mary and gave something to her.
Tom walked over to Mary and handed her a package.
Tom walked over to Mary and handed her an envelope.
Tom walked over to Mary and handed her something.
Tom walked over to Mary and hugged her.
Tom walked over to Mary and introduced himself.
Tom walked over to Mary and kissed her.
Tom walked over to Mary and whispered in her ear.
Tom walked over to Mary's desk and put the box of chocolate there for her to find in the morning.
Tom walked over to Mary's desk and put the box of chocolate there for her to find the next morning.
Tom walked over to Mary's desk.
Tom walked over to Mary.
Tom walked over to his car and got in.
Tom walked over to his car and noticed a parking ticket stuck under the windshield wiper.
Tom walked over to his car.
Tom walked over to one of the trucks and got in.
Tom walked over to one of the windows and opened it.
Tom walked over to the casket and looked in.
Tom walked over to the desk.
Tom walked over to the door and opened it.
Tom walked over to the filing cabinet.
Tom walked over to the girl at the bar and introduced himself.
Tom walked over to the sink and turned on the faucet.
Tom walked over to the window and looked out.
Tom walked over to the window and opened it.
Tom walked over to the window and opened the curtains.
Tom walked over to the window and pulled up the blind.
Tom walked over to the woman with a drink in her hand and asked her what her name was.
Tom walked over to where Mary was seated.
Tom walked over to where Mary was sitting.
Tom walked over to where Mary was standing.
Tom walked over to where Mary was.
Tom walked part of the way home with Mary.
Tom walked past Mary without even noticing her.
Tom walked past Mary without noticing her.
Tom walked past Mary without saying anything.
Tom walked past Mary's car without realizing it.
Tom walked past Mary's house and didn't notice anything strange.
Tom walked past Mary's house and waved at her.
Tom walked past Mary's house.
Tom walked past Mary, but she didn't deign to look at him.
Tom walked past Mary, but she didn't look at him.
Tom walked past Mary.
Tom walked past me without saying anything.
Tom walked past our house.
Tom walked past the post office.
Tom walked past the table where Mary was sitting.
Tom walked past the three policemen who were standing on the corner.
Tom walked past us without even smiling at us.
Tom walked past us without saying anything.
Tom walked past.
Tom walked quickly down the corridor.
Tom walked quickly down the hall.
Tom walked quickly down the hallway.
Tom walked quickly down the road.
Tom walked quickly down the street.
Tom walked quickly through the tunnel.
Tom walked quickly to the door.
Tom walked quickly up the stairs.
Tom walked quietly.
Tom walked right by Mary without seeing her.
Tom walked right in without knocking.
Tom walked right into Mary's trap.
Tom walked right into Mary’s trap.
Tom walked right into the glass window.
Tom walked right past Mary without noticing her.
Tom walked right past Mary without recognizing her.
Tom walked right past Mary.
Tom walked silently through the forest.
Tom walked silently through the woods.
Tom walked slowly around the room.
Tom walked slowly down the alley.
Tom walked slowly down the busy sidewalk.
Tom walked slowly down the garden path.
Tom walked slowly down the road, using his cane.
Tom walked slowly down the stairs.
Tom walked slowly forward.
Tom walked slowly into the house.
Tom walked slowly towards Mary.
Tom walked slowly up the stairs.
Tom walked slowly.
Tom walked straight past Mary without recognising her.
Tom walked the dogs before lunch.
Tom walked there.
Tom walked three miles.
Tom walked through the arboretum.
Tom walked through the dense fog.
Tom walked through the door.
Tom walked through the forest.
Tom walked through the graveyard.
Tom walked through the kitchen.
Tom walked through the market.
Tom walked through the metal detector.
Tom walked through the park.
Tom walked through the revolving door into the hotel lobby.
Tom walked through the town.
Tom walked through the village.
Tom walked through the woods.
Tom walked to Boston.
Tom walked to Mary's house.
Tom walked to Park Street and then turned left.
Tom walked to church.
Tom walked to his car and got in.
Tom walked to his car.
Tom walked to his office.
Tom walked to school.
Tom walked to the bus stop.
Tom walked to the center of the stage.
Tom walked to the corner.
Tom walked to the door and looked out.
Tom walked to the door and opened it.
Tom walked to the door and unlocked it.
Tom walked to the door.
Tom walked to the edge of the pool.
Tom walked to the end of the pier.
Tom walked to the front door and knocked.
Tom walked to the front of the room.
Tom walked to the gate and opened it.
Tom walked to the gate.
Tom walked to the grocery store to buy some potatoes.
Tom walked to the mall.
Tom walked to the market.
Tom walked to the other side of the room.
Tom walked to the parking lot.
Tom walked to the podium.
Tom walked to the pool, swam thirty laps, and then walked back home.
Tom walked to the stage to accept the prize.
Tom walked to the store to buy bread.
Tom walked to the store to buy some eggs.
Tom walked to the store to buy some milk.
Tom walked to the store.
Tom walked to the supermarket and back.
Tom walked to the supermarket.
Tom walked to the window and looked out.
Tom walked to the window and looked outside.
Tom walked to the window.
Tom walked too fast for Mary to catch up with him.
Tom walked too fast for Mary to keep up with him.
Tom walked too fast for me to keep up with him.
Tom walked toward Mary.
Tom walked toward his car.
Tom walked toward his office.
Tom walked toward the door.
Tom walked toward the elevators.
Tom walked toward the entrance.
Tom walked toward the far wall.
Tom walked toward the open gate.
Tom walked toward the parking lot.
Tom walked toward the pool.
Tom walked toward the shack.
Tom walked toward the stairs.
Tom walked towards Mary.
Tom walked towards his car.
Tom walked towards his house.
Tom walked towards the door.
Tom walked towards the elevator.
Tom walked towards the kitchen.
Tom walked towards the stairs.
Tom walked up Park Street, looking for Mary's house.
Tom walked up the front steps.
Tom walked up the hill with two gallons of water.
Tom walked up the stairs to the front door.
Tom walked up the stairs to the third floor.
Tom walked up the stairs.
Tom walked up the three flights of stairs to his office.
Tom walked up the trail.
Tom walked up to Mary and gave her a passionate kiss on the mouth.
Tom walked up to Mary and handed her an envelope.
Tom walked up to Mary and handed her something.
Tom walked up to Mary and kissed her.
Tom walked up to Mary and shook her hand.
Tom walked up to one of the houses and knocked the door.
Tom walked up to the beautiful girl and asked her what her name was.
Tom walked up to the counter and ordered a drink.
Tom walked up to the counter and placed his order.
Tom walked up to the door and rang the bell.
Tom walked up to the front door and knocked.
Tom walked up to the house and knocked on the door.
Tom walked up to the house.
Tom walked up to the stranger and asked him if he needed help.
Tom walked up to the third floor.
Tom walked upstairs.
Tom walked very carefully across the bridge.
Tom walked very carefully down the narrow path.
Tom walked very slowly.
Tom walked with Mary.
Tom walked with his shoulder into the wind.
Tom walked.
Tom walks 10,000 steps per day.
Tom walks a great deal.
Tom walks a lot.
Tom walks about fifteen miles a day.
Tom walks fast.
Tom walks faster than Mary.
Tom walks five miles a day.
Tom walks his dog at least once a day.
Tom walks his dog every afternoon as soon as he gets home.
Tom walks his dog every day, rain or shine.
Tom walks his dog every day.
Tom walks his dog every morning before breakfast.
Tom walks his dog every morning before he goes to work.
Tom walks his dog every morning.
Tom walks his dog for an hour a day, irrespective of the weather.
Tom walks his dog in the park almost every day.
Tom walks his dog three times a day.
Tom walks his dog twice a day.
Tom walks his dogs every day, rain or shine.
Tom walks his dogs every day.
Tom walks his dogs every morning before breakfast.
Tom walks his dogs twice a day.
Tom walks home every day.
Tom walks home from school every day.
Tom walks home from work every day.
Tom walks home with Mary almost every day.
Tom walks home.
Tom walks in a strange way.
Tom walks like a duck.
Tom walks like a zombie.
Tom walks like an old man.
Tom walks like he's an old man.
Tom walks past Mary's house on his way to school.
Tom walks past the hospital every day on his way to work.
Tom walks pretty fast.
Tom walks quickly.
Tom walks slowly.
Tom walks the dog.
Tom walks three miles a day.
Tom walks through a very classy neighborhood on his way home from school.
Tom walks through the park on his way home from school.
Tom walks through this park every morning on his way to work.
Tom walks through this park every morning.
Tom walks to school every day.
Tom walks to school every morning.
Tom walks to school, and so does Mary.
Tom walks to school.
Tom walks to work every day.
Tom walks to work, but he usually takes the bus home.
Tom walks to work.
Tom walks too slow.
Tom walks very fast.
Tom walks very slowly.
Tom walks with a cane.
Tom walks with a limp.
Tom walks with a slight limp.
Tom walks.
Tom wallowed in sadness.
Tom wallowed in self-pity after Mary dumped him.
Tom wandered around Boston.
Tom wandered around the store, looking for something to buy.
Tom wandered around town all day.
Tom wandered around town by himself.
Tom wandered around town.
Tom wandered into a decommissioned factory.
Tom wandered off in the forest and met an enchanted squirrel.
Tom wandered off in the forest and was eaten by a wolf.
Tom wandered off in the forest.
Tom wandered off into a snow storm.
Tom wandered off somewhere.
Tom wandered off.
Tom wandered through the streets of the village.
Tom want some more cake.
Tom wanted Mary and John to be nicer to each other.
Tom wanted Mary and John to go to Australia with him.
Tom wanted Mary and John to go to Boston with him.
Tom wanted Mary and me to do that by ourselves.
Tom wanted Mary back.
Tom wanted Mary dead because she had murdered his kids.
Tom wanted Mary dead.
Tom wanted Mary out of his life.
Tom wanted Mary to accept his gift.
Tom wanted Mary to air out the room.
Tom wanted Mary to answer some questions about her past.
Tom wanted Mary to apologize to John.
Tom wanted Mary to ask John if he was planning to go to Australia with them.
Tom wanted Mary to ask John if he was planning to go to Boston with them.
Tom wanted Mary to attend his party.
Tom wanted Mary to be a stay-at-home mom.
Tom wanted Mary to be at his party.
Tom wanted Mary to be happy.
Tom wanted Mary to be his dance partner.
Tom wanted Mary to be his wife.
Tom wanted Mary to be honest with him.
Tom wanted Mary to be more careful.
Tom wanted Mary to be near him.
Tom wanted Mary to be nicer to John.
Tom wanted Mary to be nicer to him.
Tom wanted Mary to be quiet.
Tom wanted Mary to be safe.
Tom wanted Mary to be the first to know.
Tom wanted Mary to believe that.
Tom wanted Mary to bring him a cup of coffee.
Tom wanted Mary to buy John a birthday present.
Tom wanted Mary to buy him some stamps while she was at the post office.
Tom wanted Mary to call him.
Tom wanted Mary to clean her room.
Tom wanted Mary to clean the bathtub.
Tom wanted Mary to clean the living room.
Tom wanted Mary to come back to Australia.
Tom wanted Mary to come home early.
Tom wanted Mary to come home.
Tom wanted Mary to come over for an early dinner.
Tom wanted Mary to come over for dinner.
Tom wanted Mary to come over.
Tom wanted Mary to come to Australia for Christmas.
Tom wanted Mary to come to Australia.
Tom wanted Mary to come to Boston for Christmas.
Tom wanted Mary to come to Boston.
Tom wanted Mary to come to his birthday party.
Tom wanted Mary to come to his party.
Tom wanted Mary to come.
Tom wanted Mary to cook dinner.
Tom wanted Mary to cook him dinner.
Tom wanted Mary to cook him something to eat.
Tom wanted Mary to cooperate.
Tom wanted Mary to do that by herself.
Tom wanted Mary to do that for John.
Tom wanted Mary to do that for him.
Tom wanted Mary to do that yesterday.
Tom wanted Mary to do that, but she told him she wouldn't do it.
Tom wanted Mary to do that, but she told him that she wouldn't do it.
Tom wanted Mary to do that, but she was busy doing something else.
Tom wanted Mary to do that.
Tom wanted Mary to do this, not John.
Tom wanted Mary to drive John to the library.
Tom wanted Mary to drive him to the airport.
Tom wanted Mary to drive, so he could sleep.
Tom wanted Mary to drive.
Tom wanted Mary to eat lunch with him.
Tom wanted Mary to feel at home.
Tom wanted Mary to feel special.
Tom wanted Mary to forgive John for what he had done.
Tom wanted Mary to forgive him.
Tom wanted Mary to get a tattoo.
Tom wanted Mary to get well.
Tom wanted Mary to give him head.
Tom wanted Mary to go away and leave him in peace.
Tom wanted Mary to go away.
Tom wanted Mary to go back to Australia.
Tom wanted Mary to go home.
Tom wanted Mary to go outside and play.
Tom wanted Mary to go to Australia to visit her uncle.
Tom wanted Mary to go to Australia with him.
Tom wanted Mary to go to Boston to visit her uncle.
Tom wanted Mary to go to Boston with him.
Tom wanted Mary to go to the post office for him.
Tom wanted Mary to go to the supermarket to buy some milk.
Tom wanted Mary to go.
Tom wanted Mary to have a good time.
Tom wanted Mary to help John.
Tom wanted Mary to help him clean out the garage.
Tom wanted Mary to help him clean the house.
Tom wanted Mary to help him clean the living room.
Tom wanted Mary to help him in the garden.
Tom wanted Mary to help him solve the problem.
Tom wanted Mary to help him wash the car.
Tom wanted Mary to help him with his homework.
Tom wanted Mary to help him, but she didn't want to.
Tom wanted Mary to help him.
Tom wanted Mary to help.
Tom wanted Mary to introduce him to all her friends.
Tom wanted Mary to invite John and Alice over for dinner.
Tom wanted Mary to invite him to her party.
Tom wanted Mary to kiss him.
Tom wanted Mary to know he didn't hate her.
Tom wanted Mary to know he really didn't want to do that.
Tom wanted Mary to know that he didn't hate her.
Tom wanted Mary to know that he really didn't want to do that.
Tom wanted Mary to know that.
Tom wanted Mary to know the truth.
Tom wanted Mary to know.
Tom wanted Mary to learn French.
Tom wanted Mary to learn how to drive.
Tom wanted Mary to learn how to speak French.
Tom wanted Mary to leave him alone.
Tom wanted Mary to leave right away.
Tom wanted Mary to leave.
Tom wanted Mary to lend him some money.
Tom wanted Mary to like him.
Tom wanted Mary to loan him some money.
Tom wanted Mary to look for John.
Tom wanted Mary to love him.
Tom wanted Mary to marry him.
Tom wanted Mary to meet him after school.
Tom wanted Mary to meet him at 2:30.
Tom wanted Mary to meet him in front of the school.
Tom wanted Mary to meet his family.
Tom wanted Mary to meet his friends.
Tom wanted Mary to meet his parents.
Tom wanted Mary to meet some of his friends.
Tom wanted Mary to move out.
Tom wanted Mary to play a song for him on the piano.
Tom wanted Mary to play chess with him.
Tom wanted Mary to play his favorite song on the piano.
Tom wanted Mary to play tennis with him.
Tom wanted Mary to play the violin.
Tom wanted Mary to pose in the nude for his painting, but she refused to do so.
Tom wanted Mary to pretend to be his girlfriend.
Tom wanted Mary to quit her job.
Tom wanted Mary to read him a story.
Tom wanted Mary to return his pen.
Tom wanted Mary to say that she loved him.
Tom wanted Mary to say yes.
Tom wanted Mary to shave her legs.
Tom wanted Mary to show him how to make pizza.
Tom wanted Mary to show you how to do that.
Tom wanted Mary to sign a prenuptial agreement.
Tom wanted Mary to sign his yearbook.
Tom wanted Mary to sing him a song.
Tom wanted Mary to sing his favorite song.
Tom wanted Mary to sing with him.
Tom wanted Mary to sit next to John.
Tom wanted Mary to sit next to him.
Tom wanted Mary to smile.
Tom wanted Mary to speak.
Tom wanted Mary to stay a little bit longer.
Tom wanted Mary to stay at home with the children.
Tom wanted Mary to stay at home.
Tom wanted Mary to stay in Australia with him.
Tom wanted Mary to stay in Boston with him.
Tom wanted Mary to stay in school.
Tom wanted Mary to stay longer.
Tom wanted Mary to stay where she was until he got back.
Tom wanted Mary to stay where she was.
Tom wanted Mary to stay with John.
Tom wanted Mary to stay with him forever.
Tom wanted Mary to stay with him.
Tom wanted Mary to stay, but she left.
Tom wanted Mary to stay.
Tom wanted Mary to stop doing that.
Tom wanted Mary to stop eating so much junk food.
Tom wanted Mary to stop staring at him.
Tom wanted Mary to stop what she was doing.
Tom wanted Mary to study French.
Tom wanted Mary to study harder.
Tom wanted Mary to take care of his kids.
Tom wanted Mary to take his picture.
Tom wanted Mary to take out the garbage.
Tom wanted Mary to talk to John about the problem she was having with his children.
Tom wanted Mary to talk to John.
Tom wanted Mary to teach him French.
Tom wanted Mary to teach him how to juggle.
Tom wanted Mary to teach him how to swim.
Tom wanted Mary to tell John about the accident.
Tom wanted Mary to tell him about her childhood.
Tom wanted Mary to tell him her opinion.
Tom wanted Mary to tell him her phone number.
Tom wanted Mary to tell him how to do that.
Tom wanted Mary to tell him she loved him.
Tom wanted Mary to tell him that she loved him.
Tom wanted Mary to tell him what to do.
Tom wanted Mary to tell him why she did what she did.
Tom wanted Mary to tell him why she didn't do that.
Tom wanted Mary to tell the truth.
Tom wanted Mary to understand what was happening.
Tom wanted Mary to understand why he couldn't live with her.
Tom wanted Mary to understand why he couldn't stay.
Tom wanted Mary to understand why he couldn’t live with her.
Tom wanted Mary to understand why he had to leave.
Tom wanted Mary to wait for John.
Tom wanted Mary to wait for him at the library.
Tom wanted Mary to win, didn't he?
Tom wanted Mary to win.
Tom wanted Mary to work harder.
Tom wanted Mary to write a recommendation for him.
Tom wanted Mary's bicycle, so he stole it.
Tom wanted Mary's dog to like him.
Tom wanted Mary's phone number, but she refused to give it to him.
Tom wanted Mary.
Tom wanted a Porsche.
Tom wanted a banana.
Tom wanted a bicycle.
Tom wanted a big family.
Tom wanted a bigger discount.
Tom wanted a bike.
Tom wanted a car.
Tom wanted a closer look at the blueprints.
Tom wanted a couple of blankets.
Tom wanted a detailed explanation.
Tom wanted a different carpet.
Tom wanted a divorce.
Tom wanted a dog.
Tom wanted a drink, but he knew that he shouldn't drink.
Tom wanted a fancy folding pocketknife with a corkscrew, screwdriver head, and a tiny pair of scissors.
Tom wanted a fresh start.
Tom wanted a glass of beer.
Tom wanted a higher salary.
Tom wanted a home in the suburbs.
Tom wanted a job.
Tom wanted a medium-size dog, but Mary wanted a small dog.
Tom wanted a meeting with us.
Tom wanted a million dollars.
Tom wanted a moderately priced car.
Tom wanted a new car.
Tom wanted a pencil with a softer lead.
Tom wanted a picture taken of the damage done to his car.
Tom wanted a place in the country he could call home.
Tom wanted a raise.
Tom wanted a salad.
Tom wanted a shower.
Tom wanted a sports car and wasn't at all interested in even looking at family cars.
Tom wanted a violin, so Mary bought him one.
Tom wanted a violin, so Mary bought one for him.
Tom wanted a word with Mary.
Tom wanted advice from Mary.
Tom wanted all the money.
Tom wanted all the same things I wanted.
Tom wanted an aisle seat.
Tom wanted an apology.
Tom wanted an audience.
Tom wanted an economy car.
Tom wanted an excuse to talk to Mary.
Tom wanted an opportunity to prove himself.
Tom wanted another piece of watermelon.
Tom wanted answers.
Tom wanted attention.
Tom wanted both of them to leave.
Tom wanted change.
Tom wanted coffee.
Tom wanted desperately to believe what Mary said was true.
Tom wanted directions to a good Chinese restaurant.
Tom wanted everybody to be quiet.
Tom wanted everybody to come to his party.
Tom wanted everybody to get along.
Tom wanted everybody to go home.
Tom wanted everybody to know he was unhappy.
Tom wanted everybody to know that he was unhappy.
Tom wanted everybody to know the truth.
Tom wanted everybody to leave.
Tom wanted everybody to stay a little longer.
Tom wanted everyone to get along.
Tom wanted everyone to know he was unhappy.
Tom wanted everyone to know that he was unhappy.
Tom wanted everyone to know the truth.
Tom wanted everyone to leave.
Tom wanted everyone to shut up and sit down.
Tom wanted everyone to think he'd died.
Tom wanted everything to be perfect.
Tom wanted everything.
Tom wanted grandchildren.
Tom wanted help.
Tom wanted his children back.
Tom wanted his children to learn French.
Tom wanted his children to stay with Mary.
Tom wanted his day in court.
Tom wanted his family to meet Mary.
Tom wanted his freedom.
Tom wanted his land back.
Tom wanted his life to end.
Tom wanted his money back.
Tom wanted his mother to leave him alone.
Tom wanted his own room.
Tom wanted his son to be a doctor.
Tom wanted his son to live in Australia.
Tom wanted his son to live in Boston.
Tom wanted his son to live in the city.
Tom wanted ice cream.
Tom wanted information.
Tom wanted it for free. They explained to him that it wasn't possible.
Tom wanted it this way.
Tom wanted it to be over as soon as possible.
Tom wanted it.
Tom wanted justice.
Tom wanted kids.
Tom wanted love.
Tom wanted me killed.
Tom wanted me out of the house, so I left.
Tom wanted me to ask Mary if she liked him.
Tom wanted me to be here.
Tom wanted me to be present.
Tom wanted me to be something I could never be.
Tom wanted me to be something I wasn't.
Tom wanted me to bring you this.
Tom wanted me to buy him a pony.
Tom wanted me to buy shares from his newspaper.
Tom wanted me to buy some firewood for him.
Tom wanted me to buy some food for Mary.
Tom wanted me to buy some food for him.
Tom wanted me to cheat.
Tom wanted me to come get Mary.
Tom wanted me to come get him.
Tom wanted me to come over for breakfast, so I did.
Tom wanted me to come.
Tom wanted me to do him a favor.
Tom wanted me to do it myself.
Tom wanted me to do it.
Tom wanted me to do something for Mary.
Tom wanted me to do something for him.
Tom wanted me to do something. I refused. It infuriated Tom, and he threatened to fire me.
Tom wanted me to do that for Mary.
Tom wanted me to do that for him.
Tom wanted me to do that today.
Tom wanted me to do that with Mary.
Tom wanted me to do that with him.
Tom wanted me to do that, didn't he?
Tom wanted me to do that.
Tom wanted me to drive, but I told him I was too sleepy.
Tom wanted me to drive, but I told him that I was too sleepy.
Tom wanted me to drive.
Tom wanted me to find out if you'd be willing to help us.
Tom wanted me to find out where you've been.
Tom wanted me to find out who you've been dating.
Tom wanted me to find you.
Tom wanted me to finish by 2:30.
Tom wanted me to get things started.
Tom wanted me to give Mary a message.
Tom wanted me to give him enough time to do that.
Tom wanted me to give him her phone number.
Tom wanted me to give him time to do that.
Tom wanted me to give you a message.
Tom wanted me to give you this envelope.
Tom wanted me to give you this.
Tom wanted me to go shopping with him.
Tom wanted me to go to Australia with Mary.
Tom wanted me to go to Australia with him.
Tom wanted me to go to Australia.
Tom wanted me to go to Boston with Mary.
Tom wanted me to go to Boston with him, but I told him that I couldn't.
Tom wanted me to go to Boston with him, but I told him that I wouldn't.
Tom wanted me to go to Boston with him.
Tom wanted me to go to the supermarket to buy some bread and eggs.
Tom wanted me to go with him to Prague. I told him that I wouldn't go.
Tom wanted me to go, so I went with him.
Tom wanted me to help Mary with her homework.
Tom wanted me to help Mary.
Tom wanted me to help him today.
Tom wanted me to help him with something.
Tom wanted me to help him.
Tom wanted me to help you.
Tom wanted me to hold that for him.
Tom wanted me to keep it quiet until he talked to Mary.
Tom wanted me to kiss him.
Tom wanted me to know about it.
Tom wanted me to learn French.
Tom wanted me to leave the door unlocked.
Tom wanted me to leave.
Tom wanted me to let you know when Mary will be arriving.
Tom wanted me to lie.
Tom wanted me to meet him at the station.
Tom wanted me to play chess with him, so I did.
Tom wanted me to read him a story.
Tom wanted me to show him something.
Tom wanted me to show them something.
Tom wanted me to sing.
Tom wanted me to sit down and relax.
Tom wanted me to speak French.
Tom wanted me to speak to you.
Tom wanted me to stay with him.
Tom wanted me to teach Mary French.
Tom wanted me to teach Mary how to drive.
Tom wanted me to teach him French.
Tom wanted me to teach him how to do that.
Tom wanted me to teach him how to drive.
Tom wanted me to tell Mary that he wasn't coming.
Tom wanted me to tell you he can't come today.
Tom wanted me to tell you he needs to borrow your car.
Tom wanted me to tell you he's busy.
Tom wanted me to tell you something.
Tom wanted me to tell you that he was going to be away from the office for a few days.
Tom wanted me to tell you that no matter what happens, he'll always love you.
Tom wanted me to tell you to buy a couple of loaves of bread on your way home.
Tom wanted me to visit Mary.
Tom wanted me to visit him.
Tom wanted me to wait for Mary.
Tom wanted me to wait for him.
Tom wanted me to walk home with Mary.
Tom wanted me to walk home with him.
Tom wanted money.
Tom wanted more coffee, so I went into the kitchen and made another pot.
Tom wanted more details.
Tom wanted more information.
Tom wanted more money.
Tom wanted more out of life.
Tom wanted more space.
Tom wanted more than money.
Tom wanted more time.
Tom wanted more.
Tom wanted my old sleeping bag.
Tom wanted my permission.
Tom wanted nothing to do with Mary.
Tom wanted one more game.
Tom wanted one, but he had no idea where he could get one.
Tom wanted only me for that work, nobody else.
Tom wanted only to think of her.
Tom wanted our help.
Tom wanted out.
Tom wanted people to know the truth.
Tom wanted people to like him.
Tom wanted pizza.
Tom wanted poached eggs, so he first had to poach a chicken.
Tom wanted proof.
Tom wanted revenge for the death of Mary.
Tom wanted revenge.
Tom wanted save up enough money to buy a car.
Tom wanted sex, but Mary was on her period.
Tom wanted some alone time.
Tom wanted some coffee.
Tom wanted some food.
Tom wanted some fresh air.
Tom wanted some lard, not butter.
Tom wanted some money to buy some ice cream.
Tom wanted some money.
Tom wanted some more elbow room.
Tom wanted some more information.
Tom wanted some more money.
Tom wanted some more time.
Tom wanted some new shoes.
Tom wanted some time alone.
Tom wanted some water.
Tom wanted something cold to drink.
Tom wanted something different for lunch.
Tom wanted something else to do.
Tom wanted something else to drink.
Tom wanted something else to eat.
Tom wanted something else.
Tom wanted something in return.
Tom wanted something strong to drink.
Tom wanted something to drink.
Tom wanted something to eat.
Tom wanted soup.
Tom wanted stability.
Tom wanted sympathy.
Tom wanted that to happen.
Tom wanted that, too.
Tom wanted that.
Tom wanted the ball that John had.
Tom wanted the ball.
Tom wanted the barber to cut his hair really short.
Tom wanted the job, but he wasn't hired.
Tom wanted the job, but they didn't hire him.
Tom wanted the kiss to last forever.
Tom wanted the money that he was owed.
Tom wanted the money.
Tom wanted the party for Mary to be a surprise.
Tom wanted the policy to be changed.
Tom wanted the rest of the money that I owed him.
Tom wanted the same thing Mary wanted.
Tom wanted the same things Mary wanted.
Tom wanted the truth.
Tom wanted the whole world to know he was in love with Mary.
Tom wanted the whole world to know that he was in love with Mary.
Tom wanted the wood to be covered.
Tom wanted them to get married.
Tom wanted this done quickly.
Tom wanted this to be a surprise.
Tom wanted this.
Tom wanted three of them.
Tom wanted to adopt you.
Tom wanted to answer.
Tom wanted to apologize to Mary again.
Tom wanted to apologize to Mary for doing that.
Tom wanted to apologize to Mary, but he couldn't find her.
Tom wanted to apologize to Mary, but he didn't have a chance to.
Tom wanted to apologize to Mary, but he didn't know how.
Tom wanted to apologize to Mary, but he was afraid to.
Tom wanted to apologize to Mary.
Tom wanted to apologize to you.
Tom wanted to apologize.
Tom wanted to ask Mary a favor.
Tom wanted to ask Mary a few questions.
Tom wanted to ask Mary a lot of questions.
Tom wanted to ask Mary a question.
Tom wanted to ask Mary about how John died.
Tom wanted to ask Mary for a big favor.
Tom wanted to ask Mary for help.
Tom wanted to ask Mary how old she was, but he thought that maybe he shouldn't.
Tom wanted to ask Mary how old she was, but he thought that maybe he shouldn’t.
Tom wanted to ask Mary one more question.
Tom wanted to ask Mary out on a date.
Tom wanted to ask Mary out, but he didn't have the courage to.
Tom wanted to ask Mary out, but he was afraid of the answer.
Tom wanted to ask Mary out, but he was afraid she would refuse.
Tom wanted to ask Mary out, but he was afraid she would say no.
Tom wanted to ask Mary out.
Tom wanted to ask Mary some questions.
Tom wanted to ask Mary something, but was afraid to.
Tom wanted to ask Mary something.
Tom wanted to ask Mary to dance, but he was afraid that she'd say no.
Tom wanted to ask Mary to do that.
Tom wanted to ask Mary to go out with him, but he didn't have the courage to.
Tom wanted to ask Mary to go out with him, but he didn’t have the courage to.
Tom wanted to ask Mary to help him.
Tom wanted to ask Mary to the dance.
Tom wanted to ask Mary to the prom.
Tom wanted to ask a question, but didn't want to seem dumb.
Tom wanted to ask a question, but didn't want to seem stupid.
Tom wanted to ask a question, but didn't.
Tom wanted to ask a question, but he didn't want to seem dumb.
Tom wanted to ask a question, but he didn't want to seem stupid.
Tom wanted to ask a question, but he didn't.
Tom wanted to ask a question, but thought that he shouldn't.
Tom wanted to ask a question, so he raised his hand.
Tom wanted to ask her to dance but was afraid that she would say no.
Tom wanted to ask many questions.
Tom wanted to ask questions, but he didn't.
Tom wanted to ask questions, but wasn't sure if he should do what he'd been asked to do.
Tom wanted to ask some questions.
Tom wanted to ask us a few questions.
Tom wanted to ask us some questions.
Tom wanted to ask you a few questions.
Tom wanted to ask you if you'd help him next weekend.
Tom wanted to ask you some questions about French.
Tom wanted to ask you some questions.
Tom wanted to attend the party.
Tom wanted to avoid Mary.
Tom wanted to avoid being seen.
Tom wanted to be a French teacher.
Tom wanted to be a better husband.
Tom wanted to be a better teacher.
Tom wanted to be a bullfighter.
Tom wanted to be a cab driver.
Tom wanted to be a carpenter, just like his dad.
Tom wanted to be a carpenter, just like his father.
Tom wanted to be a computer programmer.
Tom wanted to be a criminal defense lawyer.
Tom wanted to be a designer.
Tom wanted to be a diplomat.
Tom wanted to be a doctor.
Tom wanted to be a famous baseball player.
Tom wanted to be a farmer.
Tom wanted to be a firefighter.
Tom wanted to be a fireman.
Tom wanted to be a good cop.
Tom wanted to be a gym teacher.
Tom wanted to be a hero.
Tom wanted to be a lawyer.
Tom wanted to be a lumberjack.
Tom wanted to be a mechanic.
Tom wanted to be a minister.
Tom wanted to be a musician.
Tom wanted to be a paramedic.
Tom wanted to be a pharmacist.
Tom wanted to be a pilot.
Tom wanted to be a poet.
Tom wanted to be a professional musician.
Tom wanted to be a real estate agent.
Tom wanted to be a sailor.
Tom wanted to be a scientist.
Tom wanted to be a singer.
Tom wanted to be a stuntman.
Tom wanted to be a surgeon.
Tom wanted to be a tattoo artist.
Tom wanted to be a teacher.
Tom wanted to be a vet.
Tom wanted to be a veterinarian.
Tom wanted to be a veterinary surgeon.
Tom wanted to be a writer.
Tom wanted to be able to play the ukulele as well as Mary does.
Tom wanted to be able to play the ukulele as well as Mary.
Tom wanted to be able to read the original Quran and solely for that reason he started learning Arabic.
Tom wanted to be accepted.
Tom wanted to be admired.
Tom wanted to be alone.
Tom wanted to be an ambassador.
Tom wanted to be an artist.
Tom wanted to be an astronaut when he was young.
Tom wanted to be an electrical engineer.
Tom wanted to be an engineer.
Tom wanted to be an opera singer.
Tom wanted to be an orchestra conductor.
Tom wanted to be at home with his family.
Tom wanted to be at home.
Tom wanted to be at today's meeting.
Tom wanted to be buried beside his dogs.
Tom wanted to be buried in his backyard next to his dogs.
Tom wanted to be buried next to Mary.
Tom wanted to be cooperative.
Tom wanted to be different.
Tom wanted to be early.
Tom wanted to be excused from doing that.
Tom wanted to be famous.
Tom wanted to be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom wanted to be first.
Tom wanted to be friends with Mary.
Tom wanted to be gone by the time Mary got there.
Tom wanted to be good.
Tom wanted to be happy again.
Tom wanted to be here today.
Tom wanted to be here, but he had to be somewhere else today.
Tom wanted to be here, but he's at home sick in bed.
Tom wanted to be here.
Tom wanted to be hugged.
Tom wanted to be in Australia last Monday.
Tom wanted to be in Australia.
Tom wanted to be in Boston last Monday.
Tom wanted to be in Boston.
Tom wanted to be in a committed relationship with Mary.
Tom wanted to be in charge.
Tom wanted to be included.
Tom wanted to be just friends. However, Mary wanted much more.
Tom wanted to be just like his dad.
Tom wanted to be killed.
Tom wanted to be last.
Tom wanted to be left alone.
Tom wanted to be like John.
Tom wanted to be like Mary.
Tom wanted to be like his brother, John.
Tom wanted to be like his brother, Ken.
Tom wanted to be like his brother.
Tom wanted to be like his father.
Tom wanted to be like me.
Tom wanted to be liked.
Tom wanted to be loved.
Tom wanted to be more independent.
Tom wanted to be more like Mary.
Tom wanted to be near Mary.
Tom wanted to be near you.
Tom wanted to be noticed.
Tom wanted to be paid in cash.
Tom wanted to be part of that.
Tom wanted to be polite.
Tom wanted to be popular at school.
Tom wanted to be popular.
Tom wanted to be prepared.
Tom wanted to be punctual.
Tom wanted to be ready.
Tom wanted to be respected.
Tom wanted to be rich.
Tom wanted to be supportive.
Tom wanted to be sure.
Tom wanted to be tall.
Tom wanted to be the best.
Tom wanted to be the boss.
Tom wanted to be the center of attention.
Tom wanted to be the first one to do that.
Tom wanted to be the first one to get off the bus.
Tom wanted to be the first to shake hands with Mary after her concert.
Tom wanted to be the last one to do that.
Tom wanted to be the last one.
Tom wanted to be the next one to do that.
Tom wanted to be the one who did that for Mary.
Tom wanted to be the one who did that.
Tom wanted to be the winner.
Tom wanted to be their friend.
Tom wanted to be there early.
Tom wanted to be there.
Tom wanted to be wanted.
Tom wanted to be with Mary all the time.
Tom wanted to be with Mary forever.
Tom wanted to be with Mary.
Tom wanted to be with his children.
Tom wanted to be with his kids.
Tom wanted to be with me.
Tom wanted to be with us.
Tom wanted to become a Canadian citizen.
Tom wanted to become a carpenter like his father.
Tom wanted to become a citizen.
Tom wanted to become a diplomat.
Tom wanted to become a doctor.
Tom wanted to become a farmer.
Tom wanted to become a fireman.
Tom wanted to become a graphic designer.
Tom wanted to become a lawyer.
Tom wanted to become a mechanic.
Tom wanted to become a pharmacist.
Tom wanted to become a policeman.
Tom wanted to become a priest.
Tom wanted to become a professional baseball player.
Tom wanted to become a scientist.
Tom wanted to become a search-and-rescue specialist.
Tom wanted to become a sign language interpreter.
Tom wanted to become a surgeon.
Tom wanted to become a teacher.
Tom wanted to become a vet.
Tom wanted to become a veterinarian.
Tom wanted to become a voice actor.
Tom wanted to become an electrician.
Tom wanted to become an opera singer.
Tom wanted to become famous.
Tom wanted to become rich.
Tom wanted to believe Mary.
Tom wanted to believe that.
Tom wanted to borrow money from me again.
Tom wanted to borrow my French dictionary.
Tom wanted to borrow my car tomorrow.
Tom wanted to borrow my car.
Tom wanted to borrow some money.
Tom wanted to borrow your car.
Tom wanted to break Mary and her boyfriend apart.
Tom wanted to bring home a souvenir.
Tom wanted to build a new hut.
Tom wanted to build his own house, but gave up after realizing how much work it would be.
Tom wanted to burn all the letters he had gotten from Mary, but John told him he shouldn't.
Tom wanted to buy Mary a fur coat.
Tom wanted to buy Mary a new scarf.
Tom wanted to buy Mary a present.
Tom wanted to buy Mary an expensive gift.
Tom wanted to buy Mary some flowers.
Tom wanted to buy Mary something nice for her birthday.
Tom wanted to buy Mary something nice.
Tom wanted to buy Mary something special for her birthday.
Tom wanted to buy Mary something, but he didn't have any money.
Tom wanted to buy a Newfoundland dog.
Tom wanted to buy a bass guitar, but he didn't have enough money.
Tom wanted to buy a book.
Tom wanted to buy a car, but he couldn't afford to.
Tom wanted to buy a car.
Tom wanted to buy a cheaper car.
Tom wanted to buy a dog.
Tom wanted to buy a few things.
Tom wanted to buy a fishing boat.
Tom wanted to buy a fur coat for Mary.
Tom wanted to buy a gun.
Tom wanted to buy a house in Australia.
Tom wanted to buy a house in Boston.
Tom wanted to buy a house.
Tom wanted to buy a jacket, but he couldn't find one he liked.
Tom wanted to buy a jacket, but he couldn't find one that he liked.
Tom wanted to buy a leather belt.
Tom wanted to buy a mobile home.
Tom wanted to buy a motorcycle, but his parents wouldn't let him.
Tom wanted to buy a necklace for Mary.
Tom wanted to buy a new car, but Mary talked him out of it.
Tom wanted to buy a new car.
Tom wanted to buy a new motorcycle.
Tom wanted to buy a new pair of boots.
Tom wanted to buy a new pair of tennis shoes.
Tom wanted to buy a new phone.
Tom wanted to buy a new smartphone.
Tom wanted to buy a pickup truck, but he ended up buying a van.
Tom wanted to buy a present for Mary.
Tom wanted to buy a purple shirt, but he couldn't find one that fit.
Tom wanted to buy a sleeping bag.
Tom wanted to buy a soprano sax, but couldn't afford one.
Tom wanted to buy a soprano sax, but couldn’t afford one.
Tom wanted to buy an egg timer.
Tom wanted to buy another car.
Tom wanted to buy carnations.
Tom wanted to buy it.
Tom wanted to buy one of these, but I bought the last one.
Tom wanted to buy one of these, too.
Tom wanted to buy one, even though he wasn't sure what they were.
Tom wanted to buy our old car.
Tom wanted to buy some books.
Tom wanted to buy some chocolate.
Tom wanted to buy some flowers for Mary.
Tom wanted to buy some fruit.
Tom wanted to buy some marshmallows.
Tom wanted to buy some notebooks and pens. He also wanted to buy other things.
Tom wanted to buy some souvenirs.
Tom wanted to buy some sugar.
Tom wanted to buy something for Mary, but he didn't have any money.
Tom wanted to buy something nice for Mary.
Tom wanted to buy something to eat.
Tom wanted to buy that book and give it to Mary.
Tom wanted to buy that book.
Tom wanted to buy that painting, but I'd already sold it to someone else.
Tom wanted to buy those boots.
Tom wanted to buy those sunglasses, but they were too expensive.
Tom wanted to call Mary.
Tom wanted to call his lawyer.
Tom wanted to call his son Gandalf.
Tom wanted to call the police, but Mary wouldn't let him.
Tom wanted to call the police, but Mary wouldn’t let him.
Tom wanted to cancel the fundraiser.
Tom wanted to carry Mary over the threshold.
Tom wanted to catch some fish to eat.
Tom wanted to celebrate his birthday with Mary.
Tom wanted to change all that.
Tom wanted to change his life.
Tom wanted to change that.
Tom wanted to change the subject.
Tom wanted to change things.
Tom wanted to change.
Tom wanted to check the applicant's character reference before extending an offer.
Tom wanted to cheer Mary up.
Tom wanted to climb Mt. Fuji.
Tom wanted to climb to the top of the rainbow, but in the meantime it disappeared from under him.
Tom wanted to come along with us.
Tom wanted to come and see you.
Tom wanted to come clean.
Tom wanted to come earlier.
Tom wanted to come here tomorrow.
Tom wanted to come home.
Tom wanted to come over after work.
Tom wanted to come to Australia with me.
Tom wanted to come to Australia with us.
Tom wanted to come to Australia.
Tom wanted to come to Boston with us.
Tom wanted to come to Boston.
Tom wanted to come to our house.
Tom wanted to come to our party.
Tom wanted to come with us.
Tom wanted to come, too.
Tom wanted to come.
Tom wanted to comfort Mary.
Tom wanted to commit suicide.
Tom wanted to confess.
Tom wanted to confront Mary.
Tom wanted to conserve water.
Tom wanted to continue the discussion.
Tom wanted to continue.
Tom wanted to contribute.
Tom wanted to cook something for Mary.
Tom wanted to copy my homework.
Tom wanted to cry out in frustration.
Tom wanted to cry, but he didn't.
Tom wanted to cry.
Tom wanted to cut down that tree in his front yard, but Mary doesn't want it cut down.
Tom wanted to dance with Mary all night.
Tom wanted to dance with Mary.
Tom wanted to dance.
Tom wanted to deny it.
Tom wanted to destroy it.
Tom wanted to die.
Tom wanted to disappear.
Tom wanted to discuss that topic, but no one else did.
Tom wanted to discuss that topic, but nobody else did.
Tom wanted to discuss the problem with Mary.
Tom wanted to divorce Mary and marry Alice.
Tom wanted to do a good job.
Tom wanted to do all that I had suggested.
Tom wanted to do all the talking.
Tom wanted to do better.
Tom wanted to do everything himself.
Tom wanted to do everything right and did everything wrong.
Tom wanted to do everything the right way.
Tom wanted to do his job properly.
Tom wanted to do it this afternoon, but I begged him not to.
Tom wanted to do it.
Tom wanted to do me that.
Tom wanted to do more.
Tom wanted to do something consequential for once.
Tom wanted to do something fun.
Tom wanted to do something new.
Tom wanted to do something nice for Mary.
Tom wanted to do something really nice for Mary.
Tom wanted to do something to help.
Tom wanted to do something to stop it.
Tom wanted to do something.
Tom wanted to do that again.
Tom wanted to do that as soon as possible.
Tom wanted to do that as well.
Tom wanted to do that by himself, but I begged him not to.
Tom wanted to do that by himself.
Tom wanted to do that earlier.
Tom wanted to do that even more than you did.
Tom wanted to do that for Mary.
Tom wanted to do that last week.
Tom wanted to do that more than Mary did.
Tom wanted to do that right away.
Tom wanted to do that this afternoon, but I told him not to.
Tom wanted to do that this morning.
Tom wanted to do that today.
Tom wanted to do that tomorrow.
Tom wanted to do that very badly.
Tom wanted to do that with Mary.
Tom wanted to do that with you.
Tom wanted to do that without Mary.
Tom wanted to do that yesterday.
Tom wanted to do that, but I begged him not to.
Tom wanted to do that, but he couldn't.
Tom wanted to do that, but he didn't know how.
Tom wanted to do that, but he wasn't able to.
Tom wanted to do that, but he wasn't allowed to.
Tom wanted to do that, too.
Tom wanted to do that.
Tom wanted to do the right thing.
Tom wanted to do things right this time.
Tom wanted to do this.
Tom wanted to donate money.
Tom wanted to dress up as a doctor for Halloween.
Tom wanted to drink a cup of coffee.
Tom wanted to drink champagne.
Tom wanted to drink some milk.
Tom wanted to drink vodka, but he didn't have any.
Tom wanted to drive the car.
Tom wanted to drive there.
Tom wanted to drive, but since he was drunk, Mary wouldn't let him.
Tom wanted to drop out of school, but Mary convinced him not to.
Tom wanted to drop out of school.
Tom wanted to dye his hair.
Tom wanted to earn more money.
Tom wanted to eat a couple of slices of salami.
Tom wanted to eat at the small restaurant behind the hotel.
Tom wanted to eat both donuts, but he gave one to Mary.
Tom wanted to eat cake and ice cream for dessert.
Tom wanted to eat cereal, but his mother made him eat scrambled eggs.
Tom wanted to eat chocolate ice cream.
Tom wanted to eat fried rice.
Tom wanted to eat here tonight.
Tom wanted to eat lunch with Mary.
Tom wanted to eat lunch with you.
Tom wanted to eat pizza.
Tom wanted to eat some apple pie.
Tom wanted to eat some ice cream.
Tom wanted to eat some pizza.
Tom wanted to eat spaghetti.
Tom wanted to eat steak.
Tom wanted to eat the whole cake.
Tom wanted to eat with us.
Tom wanted to escape but they stopped him.
Tom wanted to escape.
Tom wanted to expand his business.
Tom wanted to explain everything to Mary, but he couldn't.
Tom wanted to explain everything to Mary.
Tom wanted to explain, but Mary wouldn't let him.
Tom wanted to explore the cave, but Mary said she thought it would be dangerous to do so.
Tom wanted to explore the cave, but Mary said that was a bad idea.
Tom wanted to express his love to Mary physically.
Tom wanted to feed the birds.
Tom wanted to feel important.
Tom wanted to feel included.
Tom wanted to feel loved and accepted by others.
Tom wanted to feel needed.
Tom wanted to fight with me.
Tom wanted to fight.
Tom wanted to file a complaint.
Tom wanted to find Mary.
Tom wanted to find a creative way to tell Mary that he loved her.
Tom wanted to find a doctor who would treat his gunshot wound without reporting it to the police.
Tom wanted to find a way to fix the problem.
Tom wanted to find his son.
Tom wanted to find out more about Mary's childhood.
Tom wanted to find out the cause of the accident.
Tom wanted to find out what Mary knew.
Tom wanted to find out what had happened.
Tom wanted to find out what was happening.
Tom wanted to find out when Mary was planning to finish doing that.
Tom wanted to find out where Mary lived.
Tom wanted to find out who Mary was.
Tom wanted to find out who the artist was who was playing violin in such a manner in an Arkansan forest.
Tom wanted to find out who was the artist who was playing violin in such a manner in an Arkansas forest.
Tom wanted to find out.
Tom wanted to find some stability for himself.
Tom wanted to finish by 2:30.
Tom wanted to finish cleaning the house before Mary got home.
Tom wanted to finish eating before he talked to anyone.
Tom wanted to finish the job.
Tom wanted to finish what he was doing.
Tom wanted to finish what he'd started.
Tom wanted to fire Mary, but John stopped him.
Tom wanted to fix that.
Tom wanted to follow in his father's footsteps.
Tom wanted to forget Mary.
Tom wanted to forget about what happened.
Tom wanted to free the captive dogs.
Tom wanted to get Mary an attorney.
Tom wanted to get Mary to help him.
Tom wanted to get a black van.
Tom wanted to get a divorce.
Tom wanted to get a dog.
Tom wanted to get a driver's license.
Tom wanted to get a mohawk.
Tom wanted to get a part-time job.
Tom wanted to get a tattoo on his chest.
Tom wanted to get as far away from Boston as he could.
Tom wanted to get as far away from Mary as he could.
Tom wanted to get back home before the kids realized he had left.
Tom wanted to get back home before the kids realized that he had left.
Tom wanted to get back home.
Tom wanted to get back to Australia.
Tom wanted to get back to Boston.
Tom wanted to get back to school.
Tom wanted to get back to studying.
Tom wanted to get back to the office.
Tom wanted to get back to work, but Mary wouldn't leave.
Tom wanted to get back to work.
Tom wanted to get better at French.
Tom wanted to get drunk.
Tom wanted to get good grades.
Tom wanted to get his GED.
Tom wanted to get his children back.
Tom wanted to get his driver's license as soon as he could.
Tom wanted to get his money's worth.
Tom wanted to get his money’s worth.
Tom wanted to get his son into that school.
Tom wanted to get his tattoo removed.
Tom wanted to get his violin bow rehaired.
Tom wanted to get home as quickly as possible.
Tom wanted to get home before dark.
Tom wanted to get in a little target practice before he went into the office.
Tom wanted to get in touch with Mary.
Tom wanted to get involved.
Tom wanted to get married after he graduated.
Tom wanted to get married to Mary.
Tom wanted to get married, but Mary didn't.
Tom wanted to get married.
Tom wanted to get me fired.
Tom wanted to get on with his life.
Tom wanted to get out of Australia.
Tom wanted to get out of Boston.
Tom wanted to get out of bed, but he couldn't.
Tom wanted to get out of jail.
Tom wanted to get out of prison.
Tom wanted to get out of the car and walk.
Tom wanted to get out of the car.
Tom wanted to get out of town.
Tom wanted to get rich quick.
Tom wanted to get rid of all this stuff.
Tom wanted to get rid of the evidence.
Tom wanted to get some sleep.
Tom wanted to get somebody to do that for Mary.
Tom wanted to get somebody to do that for him.
Tom wanted to get someone to do that for Mary.
Tom wanted to get someone to do that for him.
Tom wanted to get things done quickly.
Tom wanted to get to know Mary better.
Tom wanted to get to know you.
Tom wanted to get up early.
Tom wanted to give John and Mary something special on their anniversary.
Tom wanted to give Mary a birthday present.
Tom wanted to give Mary a bunch of flowers.
Tom wanted to give Mary a chance to explain why she hadn't yet done the work.
Tom wanted to give Mary a chance to explain why she hadn’t yet done the work.
Tom wanted to give Mary a goodbye kiss, but he thought maybe he shouldn't.
Tom wanted to give Mary a goodbye kiss. However, she backed away.
Tom wanted to give Mary a second chance.
Tom wanted to give Mary another chance.
Tom wanted to give Mary some earrings for her birthday.
Tom wanted to give Mary something nice for her birthday.
Tom wanted to give Mary something special for her birthday.
Tom wanted to give Mary something special on their anniversary.
Tom wanted to give a bunch of flowers to Mary.
Tom wanted to give a very special present to his girlfriend.
Tom wanted to give his old car to Mary.
Tom wanted to give it a try.
Tom wanted to give up, but he didn't.
Tom wanted to give you a surprise party, but I knew you'd hate it, so I talked him out of it.
Tom wanted to give you a surprise party, but I knew you'd hate it, so I told him not to.
Tom wanted to go abroad.
Tom wanted to go back and hug Mary, but he just walked away without even waving goodbye.
Tom wanted to go back home.
Tom wanted to go back to Australia.
Tom wanted to go back to Boston.
Tom wanted to go back to college.
Tom wanted to go back to school.
Tom wanted to go by train.
Tom wanted to go camping.
Tom wanted to go canoeing by himself.
Tom wanted to go fishing.
Tom wanted to go for a drive.
Tom wanted to go for a ride.
Tom wanted to go for a walk.
Tom wanted to go home earlier than usual.
Tom wanted to go home early, but Mary didn't.
Tom wanted to go home early, but he didn't.
Tom wanted to go home early.
Tom wanted to go home, but Mary didn't.
Tom wanted to go home, but he couldn't.
Tom wanted to go home.
Tom wanted to go hunting.
Tom wanted to go into politics.
Tom wanted to go live with his dad.
Tom wanted to go out anyway.
Tom wanted to go out for a walk.
Tom wanted to go out in a blaze of glory.
Tom wanted to go out to get something to eat.
Tom wanted to go out with Mary even more than you did.
Tom wanted to go out with Mary.
Tom wanted to go out.
Tom wanted to go outside and play with the other children.
Tom wanted to go outside and play.
Tom wanted to go outside.
Tom wanted to go over a few things with Mary.
Tom wanted to go shopping with Mary.
Tom wanted to go skiing yesterday.
Tom wanted to go skiing.
Tom wanted to go swimming with Mary, but he didn't.
Tom wanted to go swimming.
Tom wanted to go there again.
Tom wanted to go there on foot.
Tom wanted to go there.
Tom wanted to go to Australia with Mary.
Tom wanted to go to Australia with us, but Mary said she wouldn't go if he went with us.
Tom wanted to go to Australia with us.
Tom wanted to go to Australia, but his father wouldn't let him.
Tom wanted to go to Australia.
Tom wanted to go to Boston last summer, but he couldn't.
Tom wanted to go to Boston with Mary.
Tom wanted to go to Boston with us, but Mary said she wouldn't go if he went with us.
Tom wanted to go to Boston with us.
Tom wanted to go to Boston, but his father wouldn't let him.
Tom wanted to go to Boston.
Tom wanted to go to Harvard.
Tom wanted to go to art school.
Tom wanted to go to college, but he couldn't afford to.
Tom wanted to go to college.
Tom wanted to go to grad school.
Tom wanted to go to graduate school.
Tom wanted to go to the art museum with Mary.
Tom wanted to go to the bathroom.
Tom wanted to go to the beach with Mary.
Tom wanted to go to the beach with us.
Tom wanted to go to the beach.
Tom wanted to go to the concert with Mary, but she didn't want to go.
Tom wanted to go to the concert, but he didn't have a ticket.
Tom wanted to go to the dance with Mary.
Tom wanted to go to the lake.
Tom wanted to go to the movies.
Tom wanted to go to the same college as Mary.
Tom wanted to go to the zoo with Mary.
Tom wanted to go wherever Mary was going.
Tom wanted to go with Mary.
Tom wanted to go with us.
Tom wanted to go with you.
Tom wanted to go, but he couldn't.
Tom wanted to go, but he didn't.
Tom wanted to go, but he had lots of things to do.
Tom wanted to go, so I went with him.
Tom wanted to go, too.
Tom wanted to go.
Tom wanted to grab a bite to eat on his way home.
Tom wanted to handle that himself.
Tom wanted to hang out with Mary and her friends.
Tom wanted to hang out with Mary.
Tom wanted to hang out with his friends in the park.
Tom wanted to have a beer with me.
Tom wanted to have a bigger boat than his brother.
Tom wanted to have a bigger house than his neighbor.
Tom wanted to have a good time.
Tom wanted to have a little fun.
Tom wanted to have a lot of children.
Tom wanted to have a nicer car than his neighbors.
Tom wanted to have a shower.
Tom wanted to have a smoke.
Tom wanted to have a word with you.
Tom wanted to have another baby, but his wife didn't.
Tom wanted to have dinner in bed.
Tom wanted to have his car painted blue.
Tom wanted to have his picture taken with Mary.
Tom wanted to have lots of children.
Tom wanted to have lunch with me today.
Tom wanted to have some cake.
Tom wanted to have some fun.
Tom wanted to have that meal, so they gladly prepared it for him.
Tom wanted to have the last word.
Tom wanted to hear all the gory details.
Tom wanted to hear every detail.
Tom wanted to hear from you.
Tom wanted to help Mary do that.
Tom wanted to help Mary do the right thing.
Tom wanted to help Mary find a job.
Tom wanted to help Mary out.
Tom wanted to help Mary pick up chestnuts.
Tom wanted to help Mary rake the leaves, but she was using the only rake.
Tom wanted to help Mary rescue her baby.
Tom wanted to help Mary, but he didn't know how.
Tom wanted to help Mary, but he didn't know where to begin.
Tom wanted to help Mary, but he didn’t know where to begin.
Tom wanted to help Mary, but she asked him not to help.
Tom wanted to help Mary.
Tom wanted to help his friends.
Tom wanted to help me.
Tom wanted to help out.
Tom wanted to help them.
Tom wanted to help those people.
Tom wanted to help you.
Tom wanted to help, but Mary told him she didn't need his help.
Tom wanted to help, but Mary told him that she didn't need his help.
Tom wanted to help, but he didn't have time.
Tom wanted to help, but wasn't exactly sure how.
Tom wanted to help.
Tom wanted to hide the money from his ex-wife.
Tom wanted to hire Mary to take care of his children.
Tom wanted to hire Mary.
Tom wanted to hire a detective.
Tom wanted to hire us both, but he said he could only hire one of us.
Tom wanted to hire us both, but his boss would only let him hire one of us.
Tom wanted to hire us both.
Tom wanted to hit Mary, but John stopped him.
Tom wanted to hit Mary, but he controlled himself.
Tom wanted to hone his skills as a photographer.
Tom wanted to hug Mary, but he knew he shouldn't.
Tom wanted to hug Mary, but he knew she wouldn't want him to.
Tom wanted to hug Mary, but he knew that he shouldn't.
Tom wanted to hug Mary, but he knew that she wouldn't want him to.
Tom wanted to hug Mary, but knew he shouldn't.
Tom wanted to hug Mary.
Tom wanted to impress Mary.
Tom wanted to impress his friends, but he just made a fool of himself.
Tom wanted to impress his friends.
Tom wanted to impress his girlfriend and put his life in danger.
Tom wanted to impress his girlfriend, but she only laughed at him.
Tom wanted to impress his girlfriend.
Tom wanted to improve his English.
Tom wanted to introduce Mary to John.
Tom wanted to introduce himself in French, but he didn't know how.
Tom wanted to join a fraternity at university, but was scared of the initiation ceremony.
Tom wanted to join our club.
Tom wanted to join our group.
Tom wanted to join the Army.
Tom wanted to join the Coast Guard.
Tom wanted to join the Marines.
Tom wanted to join the air force.
Tom wanted to join the army.
Tom wanted to join the choir.
Tom wanted to join the gang that John was in.
Tom wanted to join the marines.
Tom wanted to join the navy.
Tom wanted to join the team.
Tom wanted to join us.
Tom wanted to keep John and Mary apart.
Tom wanted to keep Mary alive.
Tom wanted to keep Mary all to himself.
Tom wanted to keep his bicycle in my garage.
Tom wanted to keep his children at home.
Tom wanted to keep his kids at home.
Tom wanted to keep it a surprise.
Tom wanted to keep it.
Tom wanted to keep talking about it, but I didn't want to listen anymore.
Tom wanted to keep the party a surprise.
Tom wanted to keep things the way they were.
Tom wanted to keep walking, but Mary insisted that they stop and rest.
Tom wanted to keep walking, but Mary insisted they stop and rest.
Tom wanted to keep working.
Tom wanted to kill Mary, but John stopped him.
Tom wanted to kill Mary.
Tom wanted to kill himself.
Tom wanted to kill me.
Tom wanted to kiss Mary goodbye, but knew he shouldn't.
Tom wanted to kiss Mary then and there.
Tom wanted to kiss Mary, but didn't think he should.
Tom wanted to kiss Mary, but he didn't have the nerve to try.
Tom wanted to kiss Mary, but he didn't.
Tom wanted to kiss Mary, but he wasn't sure if she wanted him to kiss her.
Tom wanted to kiss Mary, but she wouldn't let him.
Tom wanted to kiss Mary.
Tom wanted to know Mary's last name.
Tom wanted to know Mary's phone number.
Tom wanted to know everything about Mary.
Tom wanted to know everything about me.
Tom wanted to know everything about my visit to Paris.
Tom wanted to know everything about them.
Tom wanted to know everything about you.
Tom wanted to know exactly what he was supposed to do.
Tom wanted to know exactly why that happened.
Tom wanted to know exactly why we did that.
Tom wanted to know how Mary had become so rich.
Tom wanted to know how he could lose weight quickly.
Tom wanted to know how long we're going to be here.
Tom wanted to know how much Mary weighed.
Tom wanted to know how much ice cream Mary had eaten.
Tom wanted to know how the story ended.
Tom wanted to know how to do that.
Tom wanted to know how to say "thank you" in French.
Tom wanted to know how you're going to get there.
Tom wanted to know if I could speak French.
Tom wanted to know if I might be interested in a job at his company.
Tom wanted to know if Mary had a boyfriend.
Tom wanted to know if he can come over and play.
Tom wanted to know if you have any time to help.
Tom wanted to know if you'll be ready by 2:30.
Tom wanted to know if you're free tonight.
Tom wanted to know if you're planning to come to his party.
Tom wanted to know if you've already talked to Mary about what we wanted her to do.
Tom wanted to know if you've heard from Mary.
Tom wanted to know more about Boston.
Tom wanted to know more about Mary's boyfriend.
Tom wanted to know more about Mary's family.
Tom wanted to know more about Mary.
Tom wanted to know more about it.
Tom wanted to know more about what was going on.
Tom wanted to know more about what was happening.
Tom wanted to know the cause of the accident.
Tom wanted to know the reason Mary didn't like him.
Tom wanted to know the time.
Tom wanted to know the truth.
Tom wanted to know what I thought.
Tom wanted to know what Mary did during her summer vacation.
Tom wanted to know what Mary did in her free time.
Tom wanted to know what Mary did in her spare time.
Tom wanted to know what Mary did last weekend.
Tom wanted to know what Mary thought.
Tom wanted to know what Mary was doing in Australia.
Tom wanted to know what Mary was doing in Boston.
Tom wanted to know what Mary's last name was.
Tom wanted to know what Mary's secret was.
Tom wanted to know what caused the accident.
Tom wanted to know what had happened to Mary.
Tom wanted to know what had happened.
Tom wanted to know what happened to Mary.
Tom wanted to know what happened.
Tom wanted to know what he should do.
Tom wanted to know what he was supposed to do.
Tom wanted to know what it was for.
Tom wanted to know what it was like.
Tom wanted to know what the problem was.
Tom wanted to know what to do next.
Tom wanted to know what was going on.
Tom wanted to know what was happening.
Tom wanted to know what was in the package.
Tom wanted to know what we expected to happen next.
Tom wanted to know what we plan on doing.
Tom wanted to know what we planned to do.
Tom wanted to know what we were doing.
Tom wanted to know what we're planning on doing.
Tom wanted to know what we're planning to do.
Tom wanted to know when Mary was going to come home.
Tom wanted to know when Mary would get home.
Tom wanted to know when it happened.
Tom wanted to know when it would end.
Tom wanted to know when we're going to Australia.
Tom wanted to know when we're going to Boston.
Tom wanted to know where I lived.
Tom wanted to know where Mary had been.
Tom wanted to know where Mary had spent the day.
Tom wanted to know where Mary lived.
Tom wanted to know where Mary was all time.
Tom wanted to know where Mary was.
Tom wanted to know where Mary went to high school.
Tom wanted to know where Mary worked.
Tom wanted to know where he could buy turmeric.
Tom wanted to know where it happened.
Tom wanted to know where to go.
Tom wanted to know where we were going.
Tom wanted to know who Mary had been dating.
Tom wanted to know who Mary planned to go swimming with.
Tom wanted to know who Mary was going to do that with.
Tom wanted to know who Mary was going to go to Australia with.
Tom wanted to know who Mary was going to go to Boston with.
Tom wanted to know who Mary was planning on doing that with.
Tom wanted to know who Mary was planning on going with.
Tom wanted to know who Mary was planning on staying with.
Tom wanted to know who Mary was planning to do that with.
Tom wanted to know who Mary was planning to go swimming with.
Tom wanted to know who Mary was planning to go to Australia with.
Tom wanted to know who Mary was planning to go to Boston with.
Tom wanted to know who Mary was planning to go with.
Tom wanted to know who Mary was planning to stay with.
Tom wanted to know who Mary was talking to.
Tom wanted to know who Mary was.
Tom wanted to know who Mary's father was.
Tom wanted to know who did that.
Tom wanted to know who he was supposed to talk to.
Tom wanted to know who was going to help Mary.
Tom wanted to know who was going to help him do that.
Tom wanted to know who was going to help him.
Tom wanted to know who won.
Tom wanted to know why Mary couldn't go, too.
Tom wanted to know why Mary couldn't go.
Tom wanted to know why Mary did that.
Tom wanted to know why Mary did what she did.
Tom wanted to know why Mary didn't do that.
Tom wanted to know why Mary didn't eat meat.
Tom wanted to know why Mary didn't like him.
Tom wanted to know why Mary didn't love him.
Tom wanted to know why Mary didn't want to come.
Tom wanted to know why Mary didn't want to go to Australia.
Tom wanted to know why Mary didn't want to go to Boston.
Tom wanted to know why Mary was absent.
Tom wanted to know why Mary was late.
Tom wanted to know why Mary was not happy.
Tom wanted to know why Mary wasn't allowed to do that.
Tom wanted to know why Mary wasn't happy.
Tom wanted to know why Mary wasn't here.
Tom wanted to know why he couldn't go, too.
Tom wanted to know why it happened.
Tom wanted to know why it would take three hours.
Tom wanted to know why that happened.
Tom wanted to know why.
Tom wanted to learn French.
Tom wanted to learn everything he could about Australia.
Tom wanted to learn everything he could about Boston.
Tom wanted to learn everything he could about animals.
Tom wanted to learn how people in other countries live.
Tom wanted to learn how to cook Chinese food.
Tom wanted to learn how to defend himself.
Tom wanted to learn how to do that.
Tom wanted to learn how to do the tango.
Tom wanted to learn how to play golf.
Tom wanted to learn how to play the trumpet.
Tom wanted to learn how to program computers.
Tom wanted to learn how to read.
Tom wanted to learn how to speak French.
Tom wanted to learn how to swim.
Tom wanted to learn how to tango.
Tom wanted to learn more about his family tree.
Tom wanted to learn some French songs.
Tom wanted to learn the local language.
Tom wanted to learn to defend himself.
Tom wanted to learn to play an instrument.
Tom wanted to learn to play golf.
Tom wanted to learn to read.
Tom wanted to learn to sing in French.
Tom wanted to learn to swim.
Tom wanted to learn to tango.
Tom wanted to learn to waltz.
Tom wanted to learn.
Tom wanted to leave Australia, but his wife wanted to stay.
Tom wanted to leave Australia.
Tom wanted to leave Boston.
Tom wanted to leave Mary.
Tom wanted to leave early and I did, too.
Tom wanted to leave early and so did I.
Tom wanted to leave early in the morning, but he overslept.
Tom wanted to leave early.
Tom wanted to leave plenty of time to unpack after his trip.
Tom wanted to leave, but I persuaded him to stay.
Tom wanted to leave, but Mary wanted to stay a little longer.
Tom wanted to leave, but he couldn't.
Tom wanted to leave.
Tom wanted to lecture me.
Tom wanted to let it go.
Tom wanted to listen to Mozart.
Tom wanted to listen to some Mozart.
Tom wanted to listen to something by Mozart.
Tom wanted to live alone.
Tom wanted to live close to nature.
Tom wanted to live close to school.
Tom wanted to live close to the campus.
Tom wanted to live close to where he worked.
Tom wanted to live closer to his family.
Tom wanted to live in Australia with his family.
Tom wanted to live in Australia with his grandparents.
Tom wanted to live in Australia.
Tom wanted to live in Boston with his family.
Tom wanted to live in Boston with his grandparents.
Tom wanted to live in Boston.
Tom wanted to live in a French-speaking country.
Tom wanted to live in a big city like Boston.
Tom wanted to live in the country.
Tom wanted to live on a farm.
Tom wanted to live on his own.
Tom wanted to live.
Tom wanted to look around Mary's house.
Tom wanted to look through the telescope.
Tom wanted to look younger.
Tom wanted to lose five pounds before summer vacation.
Tom wanted to lose two kilos before summer holiday.
Tom wanted to lose weight, so he could fit into his old clothes.
Tom wanted to lose weight.
Tom wanted to make Mary happy.
Tom wanted to make Mary smile.
Tom wanted to make a change.
Tom wanted to make a deal.
Tom wanted to make a difference.
Tom wanted to make a fresh start.
Tom wanted to make a lot of money quickly.
Tom wanted to make a lot of money.
Tom wanted to make a mix CD of music for Mary, but all he had were DVD blanks.
Tom wanted to make a point.
Tom wanted to make a snowman.
Tom wanted to make everyone around him happy.
Tom wanted to make friends, but he struggled to speak French fluently.
Tom wanted to make more money.
Tom wanted to make some new friends.
Tom wanted to make sure Mary was OK.
Tom wanted to make sure that nothing bad happened to Mary.
Tom wanted to make sure.
Tom wanted to marry Mary and John's daughter.
Tom wanted to marry Mary.
Tom wanted to marry his true love, Mary.
Tom wanted to marry his true love.
Tom wanted to marry me.
Tom wanted to meet Mary again.
Tom wanted to meet Mary's family, but Mary didn't think that would be a good idea.
Tom wanted to meet Mary's family.
Tom wanted to meet Mary.
Tom wanted to meet me.
Tom wanted to meet some of Mary's friends.
Tom wanted to meet the Jacksons.
Tom wanted to meet with Mary.
Tom wanted to meet with me.
Tom wanted to meet with you to discuss the matter.
Tom wanted to meet you in the library.
Tom wanted to meet you.
Tom wanted to move back to Australia.
Tom wanted to move back to Boston.
Tom wanted to move here.
Tom wanted to move to Australia.
Tom wanted to move to Boston.
Tom wanted to move to another city.
Tom wanted to move.
Tom wanted to name his daughter Mary.
Tom wanted to name his puppy Cookie.
Tom wanted to name his son John.
Tom wanted to name his son after his grandfather, but his wife didn't like that name.
Tom wanted to open his own restaurant.
Tom wanted to open the box right away, but I suggested we wait until Mary got here.
Tom wanted to open the box to see what was inside it.
Tom wanted to open the box to see what was inside.
Tom wanted to open the box.
Tom wanted to own a bookstore.
Tom wanted to own a restaurant.
Tom wanted to paint the fence white.
Tom wanted to parachute but his family talked him out of it.
Tom wanted to park behind the hotel.
Tom wanted to participate in the contest.
Tom wanted to participate.
Tom wanted to pay in cash.
Tom wanted to pay later.
Tom wanted to pay off his debts.
Tom wanted to pay off his loan.
Tom wanted to pet that dog.
Tom wanted to pitch.
Tom wanted to play another game.
Tom wanted to play billiards.
Tom wanted to play chess with you.
Tom wanted to play chess.
Tom wanted to play golf with Mary's father.
Tom wanted to play golf with Mary.
Tom wanted to play golf.
Tom wanted to play poker with us, but Mary wouldn't let him.
Tom wanted to play tennis with Mary.
Tom wanted to play tennis yesterday afternoon.
Tom wanted to play.
Tom wanted to please the crowd.
Tom wanted to poison Mary.
Tom wanted to polish his shoes.
Tom wanted to practice French with a native speaker.
Tom wanted to practice French.
Tom wanted to prepare a special dinner for Mary's birthday.
Tom wanted to profit from it.
Tom wanted to protect Mary.
Tom wanted to protect himself.
Tom wanted to protect his family.
Tom wanted to protect the innocent.
Tom wanted to prove Mary wrong.
Tom wanted to prove himself.
Tom wanted to prove his innocence.
Tom wanted to prove how tough he was.
Tom wanted to prove that he could do it.
Tom wanted to prove that he could do that.
Tom wanted to prove to Mary he could do it.
Tom wanted to prove to Mary that he could do it.
Tom wanted to prove to himself he could do it.
Tom wanted to prove to himself that he could do it.
Tom wanted to prove to his friends and family he could do it.
Tom wanted to prove to his friends and family that he could do it.
Tom wanted to prove to his friends he could do it.
Tom wanted to prove to his friends that he could do it.
Tom wanted to pull the trigger, but couldn't.
Tom wanted to punch Mary.
Tom wanted to punish me.
Tom wanted to quit his job, but he couldn't afford to.
Tom wanted to quit practicing law.
Tom wanted to quit smoking.
Tom wanted to quit, but he didn't.
Tom wanted to quit.
Tom wanted to read a book.
Tom wanted to read this book.
Tom wanted to relax.
Tom wanted to remind Mary about the meeting.
Tom wanted to remind Mary not to forget about the meeting.
Tom wanted to rent a car.
Tom wanted to resign.
Tom wanted to respond.
Tom wanted to retire.
Tom wanted to return to Australia.
Tom wanted to return to Boston.
Tom wanted to ride Mary's motorcycle.
Tom wanted to ride a bull.
Tom wanted to ride the donkey.
Tom wanted to rob Mary.
Tom wanted to run away.
Tom wanted to run faster.
Tom wanted to run for class president.
Tom wanted to save the world.
Tom wanted to save you, and all you did was fight him.
Tom wanted to say goodbye to Mary.
Tom wanted to say goodbye.
Tom wanted to say hello.
Tom wanted to say more than he did.
Tom wanted to say more, but he couldn't.
Tom wanted to say more, but he didn't.
Tom wanted to say more.
Tom wanted to say no.
Tom wanted to say something to Mary, but he wasn't sure what he should say.
Tom wanted to say something to Mary.
Tom wanted to say something to you.
Tom wanted to say something, but he didn't know what to say.
Tom wanted to say something, but he didn't.
Tom wanted to say something, but he felt that it would be better if he didn't.
Tom wanted to say something, but he was too scared.
Tom wanted to say something.
Tom wanted to scare Mary.
Tom wanted to see Australia.
Tom wanted to see Boston.
Tom wanted to see Mary again.
Tom wanted to see Mary before she left.
Tom wanted to see Mary dance.
Tom wanted to see Mary die.
Tom wanted to see Mary do that.
Tom wanted to see Mary happy.
Tom wanted to see Mary in his office.
Tom wanted to see Mary in person.
Tom wanted to see Mary laugh.
Tom wanted to see Mary smile.
Tom wanted to see Mary suffer.
Tom wanted to see Mary's room.
Tom wanted to see Mary.
Tom wanted to see Wales.
Tom wanted to see both of us.
Tom wanted to see everybody.
Tom wanted to see for himself if it was true.
Tom wanted to see for himself.
Tom wanted to see her.
Tom wanted to see him.
Tom wanted to see his children.
Tom wanted to see his friend.
Tom wanted to see how we reacted.
Tom wanted to see it again.
Tom wanted to see it.
Tom wanted to see justice done.
Tom wanted to see me right away.
Tom wanted to see me.
Tom wanted to see monkeys.
Tom wanted to see my stamp collection.
Tom wanted to see results.
Tom wanted to see that.
Tom wanted to see the big wide world.
Tom wanted to see the inside of the house.
Tom wanted to see the monkeys at the zoo.
Tom wanted to see the world.
Tom wanted to see this.
Tom wanted to see us again.
Tom wanted to see us.
Tom wanted to see whales.
Tom wanted to see what was in Mary's house.
Tom wanted to see what was in the box.
Tom wanted to see what was in the cave.
Tom wanted to see what was in the drawer.
Tom wanted to see what was inside the house.
Tom wanted to see what was up.
Tom wanted to see what would happen.
Tom wanted to see where I grew up.
Tom wanted to see where Mary went to high school.
Tom wanted to see who Mary was talking to.
Tom wanted to see you immediately.
Tom wanted to see you.
Tom wanted to sell all his stuff.
Tom wanted to sell everything in his garage.
Tom wanted to sell his car, but he couldn't find a buyer.
Tom wanted to sell his car.
Tom wanted to sell it.
Tom wanted to send a message.
Tom wanted to set a good example for his son.
Tom wanted to set it right, but he wasn't given an opportunity.
Tom wanted to set the record straight.
Tom wanted to shoot Mary.
Tom wanted to shoot at the policemen but we talked him out of it.
Tom wanted to shoot the deer, but we talked him out of it.
Tom wanted to shout his love for Mary from the rooftops.
Tom wanted to show Mary a picture of John.
Tom wanted to show Mary his grandfather's farm.
Tom wanted to show Mary how to do that, so next time she could do it and he wouldn't have to.
Tom wanted to show Mary how to do that.
Tom wanted to show Mary what he had bought.
Tom wanted to show me another one of his magic tricks.
Tom wanted to show me something.
Tom wanted to show you how to do that.
Tom wanted to show you something.
Tom wanted to shower.
Tom wanted to sift the flour, salt, and baking soda together, but he didn't have a sieve.
Tom wanted to sing.
Tom wanted to sink through the floor.
Tom wanted to sit down and cry.
Tom wanted to sit down for a few seconds.
Tom wanted to sit down.
Tom wanted to sit next to Mary.
Tom wanted to skydive on his 30th birthday.
Tom wanted to sleep in, but he couldn't.
Tom wanted to sleep late, but was unable to.
Tom wanted to sleep on it.
Tom wanted to sleep under the stars.
Tom wanted to sleep.
Tom wanted to solve it immediately.
Tom wanted to speak to Mary alone.
Tom wanted to speak to Mary privately.
Tom wanted to speak to Mary.
Tom wanted to speak to us about something.
Tom wanted to speak to you.
Tom wanted to speak up, but he was too scared.
Tom wanted to speak with Mary.
Tom wanted to speak with you.
Tom wanted to speak.
Tom wanted to spend Christmas with his family.
Tom wanted to spend New Year's Eve with Mary.
Tom wanted to spend all day on the beach.
Tom wanted to spend more time talking with Mary.
Tom wanted to spend more time with Mary.
Tom wanted to spend more time with his family.
Tom wanted to spend some time alone with Mary.
Tom wanted to spend some time in the country.
Tom wanted to spend the rest of his life in America.
Tom wanted to spend the rest of his life with Mary.
Tom wanted to spend the weekend in Boston.
Tom wanted to spend time with Mary.
Tom wanted to spend time with his children.
Tom wanted to start a fight with me.
Tom wanted to start a new life.
Tom wanted to start his own business.
Tom wanted to start over.
Tom wanted to stay a little longer.
Tom wanted to stay at home.
Tom wanted to stay awake until his father got home.
Tom wanted to stay close to home.
Tom wanted to stay dry.
Tom wanted to stay for a while.
Tom wanted to stay here.
Tom wanted to stay home and relax instead of hiking with his children.
Tom wanted to stay home by himself.
Tom wanted to stay home with Mary.
Tom wanted to stay home.
Tom wanted to stay in Australia for another three weeks.
Tom wanted to stay in Australia.
Tom wanted to stay in Boston a while longer.
Tom wanted to stay in Boston for a few more days, but he had to get back to Chicago.
Tom wanted to stay in Boston for another three days.
Tom wanted to stay in Boston.
Tom wanted to stay in his room.
Tom wanted to stay in the army.
Tom wanted to stay in the car.
Tom wanted to stay inside all day.
Tom wanted to stay inside.
Tom wanted to stay longer, but Mary said they had to go home.
Tom wanted to stay longer, but he couldn't.
Tom wanted to stay longer.
Tom wanted to stay single, but his parents wanted him to get married.
Tom wanted to stay with Mary as long as he could.
Tom wanted to stay with Mary for as long as he could.
Tom wanted to stay with his mother.
Tom wanted to stay with us until next Monday.
Tom wanted to stay, whereas I wanted to leave.
Tom wanted to stay.
Tom wanted to stick around for a few more days.
Tom wanted to stick around to see what would happen. Unfortunately, he had to leave.
Tom wanted to stick around.
Tom wanted to stop Mary from doing that.
Tom wanted to stop Mary.
Tom wanted to stop and think.
Tom wanted to stop by Mary's on his way to the airport.
Tom wanted to stop practising law.
Tom wanted to stop us.
Tom wanted to study French with Mary.
Tom wanted to study French with a native speaker.
Tom wanted to study French, but Mr. Jackson suggested that he study English instead.
Tom wanted to study French.
Tom wanted to study Japanese with a native Japanese speaker.
Tom wanted to study abroad.
Tom wanted to study chemistry.
Tom wanted to study geography.
Tom wanted to study in Australia.
Tom wanted to study in Boston.
Tom wanted to study medicine.
Tom wanted to study music in college, but his parents wanted him to study medicine.
Tom wanted to study music.
Tom wanted to study with Mary.
Tom wanted to succeed.
Tom wanted to surprise Mary.
Tom wanted to surprise you by doing that.
Tom wanted to surprise you.
Tom wanted to swim across the lake but he overextended himself and drowned.
Tom wanted to swim.
Tom wanted to switch her gender with Mary's, but Mary wanted hirs to remain neutral.
Tom wanted to take Mary in his arms and kiss her.
Tom wanted to take Mary to the dance.
Tom wanted to take Mary with him to Australia.
Tom wanted to take Mary with him to Boston.
Tom wanted to take a break.
Tom wanted to take a day off.
Tom wanted to take a nap before dinner.
Tom wanted to take a nap.
Tom wanted to take a picture of Mary, but she didn't want him to.
Tom wanted to take a shower.
Tom wanted to take another lap around the course.
Tom wanted to take care of Mary.
Tom wanted to take his children home.
Tom wanted to take his kids home.
Tom wanted to take me to a dance, but I said no.
Tom wanted to take pictures of his classmates.
Tom wanted to talk about Mary.
Tom wanted to talk about basketball.
Tom wanted to talk about something else.
Tom wanted to talk about what happened.
Tom wanted to talk to Mary about it.
Tom wanted to talk to Mary about something.
Tom wanted to talk to Mary about that.
Tom wanted to talk to Mary about the problem.
Tom wanted to talk to Mary about what was going to happen.
Tom wanted to talk to Mary again.
Tom wanted to talk to Mary before she left.
Tom wanted to talk to Mary face to face.
Tom wanted to talk to Mary in private.
Tom wanted to talk to Mary privately.
Tom wanted to talk to Mary's ex-husband.
Tom wanted to talk to Mary's father.
Tom wanted to talk to Mary's mother.
Tom wanted to talk to Mary, but he couldn't find her.
Tom wanted to talk to Mary, but he didn't have a chance to.
Tom wanted to talk to Mary, but he didn't know what to say.
Tom wanted to talk to Mary, but she walked away.
Tom wanted to talk to Mary.
Tom wanted to talk to a lawyer.
Tom wanted to talk to all of us.
Tom wanted to talk to his children.
Tom wanted to talk to his lawyer.
Tom wanted to talk to me about something.
Tom wanted to talk to me again.
Tom wanted to talk to me.
Tom wanted to talk to the store manager.
Tom wanted to talk to them.
Tom wanted to talk to you about something.
Tom wanted to talk to you about what happened in Australia last week.
Tom wanted to talk to you about what happened in Boston last week.
Tom wanted to talk to you about what happened.
Tom wanted to talk to you again.
Tom wanted to talk to you.
Tom wanted to talk with Mary.
Tom wanted to talk with me.
Tom wanted to talk with you.
Tom wanted to talk.
Tom wanted to teach French.
Tom wanted to teach Mary a lesson.
Tom wanted to tell Mary about John.
Tom wanted to tell Mary about what had happened.
Tom wanted to tell Mary before he forgot.
Tom wanted to tell Mary himself.
Tom wanted to tell Mary something important.
Tom wanted to tell Mary that he loved her.
Tom wanted to tell Mary that she should do that.
Tom wanted to tell Mary that she shouldn't do that.
Tom wanted to tell Mary the truth.
Tom wanted to tell Mary what he really thought, but he held his tongue.
Tom wanted to tell Mary where he hid the gold coins, but John told him not to.
Tom wanted to tell Mary why he couldn't do that.
Tom wanted to tell Mary why he did that.
Tom wanted to tell Mary why he'd done that.
Tom wanted to tell Mary, but John told him not to.
Tom wanted to tell a super-cheesy joke, but at the last minute managed to muster up the restraint and kept wisely quiet.
Tom wanted to tell the truth.
Tom wanted to tell us a story.
Tom wanted to tell you something.
Tom wanted to test Mary.
Tom wanted to testify against Mary.
Tom wanted to thank Mary in person.
Tom wanted to thank you personally.
Tom wanted to thank you, too.
Tom wanted to thank you.
Tom wanted to think it over.
Tom wanted to throw all this stuff away.
Tom wanted to travel and meet people from all over the world.
Tom wanted to travel and see the world.
Tom wanted to travel around Europe.
Tom wanted to travel around the world.
Tom wanted to travel.
Tom wanted to try baking a cake.
Tom wanted to try doing something different.
Tom wanted to try it.
Tom wanted to try skydiving.
Tom wanted to try something different.
Tom wanted to try something new.
Tom wanted to try windsurfing.
Tom wanted to turn himself in to the police.
Tom wanted to turn himself in.
Tom wanted to turn over a new leaf.
Tom wanted to turn the page.
Tom wanted to understand why Mary didn't like him.
Tom wanted to understand why Mary didn’t like him.
Tom wanted to understand.
Tom wanted to unite not divide.
Tom wanted to unite, not divide.
Tom wanted to unpack, but couldn't get his suitcase open.
Tom wanted to unpack, but he couldn't get his suitcase open.
Tom wanted to unpack.
Tom wanted to use the bathroom.
Tom wanted to visit America.
Tom wanted to visit Australia.
Tom wanted to visit Boston.
Tom wanted to visit Central America.
Tom wanted to visit North America.
Tom wanted to visit South America.
Tom wanted to wait for the next bus.
Tom wanted to wait.
Tom wanted to walk home, but his mother wouldn't let him.
Tom wanted to walk there.
Tom wanted to walk.
Tom wanted to warn Mary.
Tom wanted to wash his hands.
Tom wanted to watch a romantic movie.
Tom wanted to watch something else.
Tom wanted to watch the end of the movie.
Tom wanted to watch.
Tom wanted to wear his new shoes.
Tom wanted to wear jeans.
Tom wanted to win Mary back.
Tom wanted to win at any cost.
Tom wanted to win, but he couldn't.
Tom wanted to win, but he didn't.
Tom wanted to win, but he wasn't able to.
Tom wanted to win.
Tom wanted to work as a limousine driver.
Tom wanted to work as a translator.
Tom wanted to work for Mary.
Tom wanted to work in Boston.
Tom wanted to work in a hospital.
Tom wanted to work with Mary.
Tom wanted to work.
Tom wanted to write Mary a song for her birthday.
Tom wanted to write something.
Tom wanted us here.
Tom wanted us to attack.
Tom wanted us to be there with him.
Tom wanted us to come earlier.
Tom wanted us to investigate the murder of his wife.
Tom wanted us to see it.
Tom wanted us to stay overnight.
Tom wanted us to suffer.
Tom wanted us to talk to you.
Tom wanted way too much money.
Tom wanted what Mary had.
Tom wanted what he got.
Tom wanted wine.
Tom wanted you out of here.
Tom wanted you to be the first to know.
Tom wanted you to come.
Tom wanted you to have this.
Tom wanted you to know he's not going to be at today's meeting.
Tom wanted you to know that he's not going to be at today's meeting.
Tom wanted you to know that.
Tom wanted you to know.
Tom wanted you to see it right away.
Tom wanted you to think he'd died.
Tom wanted you to think he'd left town.
Tom wants Maria to meet his mother.
Tom wants Mary and I to do that by ourselves.
Tom wants Mary and me to do that by ourselves.
Tom wants Mary back.
Tom wants Mary only for the money.
Tom wants Mary to apologize.
Tom wants Mary to babysit his children.
Tom wants Mary to be careful.
Tom wants Mary to be happy.
Tom wants Mary to be his friend.
Tom wants Mary to be more polite.
Tom wants Mary to be safe.
Tom wants Mary to buy a new dress for the banquet.
Tom wants Mary to come here right away.
Tom wants Mary to come over.
Tom wants Mary to come with him.
Tom wants Mary to cook something different tonight.
Tom wants Mary to do something for him.
Tom wants Mary to do that for him.
Tom wants Mary to do that.
Tom wants Mary to fail.
Tom wants Mary to go to Australia with him.
Tom wants Mary to go to Boston with him.
Tom wants Mary to go to the dance with him.
Tom wants Mary to help John.
Tom wants Mary to help him with his homework.
Tom wants Mary to help him.
Tom wants Mary to keep him company.
Tom wants Mary to know he isn't planning on asking her to marry him.
Tom wants Mary to know he likes her a lot.
Tom wants Mary to know he likes her.
Tom wants Mary to know he loves her.
Tom wants Mary to know he really doesn't want to do that.
Tom wants Mary to know he won't be able to do that for her.
Tom wants Mary to know he's not planning on asking her to marry him.
Tom wants Mary to know he's planning to leave town.
Tom wants Mary to know she can trust him.
Tom wants Mary to know that he likes her.
Tom wants Mary to know that he loves her.
Tom wants Mary to know that he really doesn't want to do that.
Tom wants Mary to know that he won't be able to do that for her.
Tom wants Mary to know that if she ever needs help, all she has to do is ask him for it.
Tom wants Mary to know that she can trust him.
Tom wants Mary to learn how to play the trumpet.
Tom wants Mary to make spaghetti for dinner.
Tom wants Mary to make sure John does his homework.
Tom wants Mary to meet John.
Tom wants Mary to meet his mother.
Tom wants Mary to move to Australia with him.
Tom wants Mary to move to Boston with him.
Tom wants Mary to quit watching so much TV.
Tom wants Mary to say that she needs him.
Tom wants Mary to say yes.
Tom wants Mary to show him how to do that.
Tom wants Mary to stay away from John.
Tom wants Mary to stay, but I don't think she will.
Tom wants Mary to stay, but I don't think that she will.
Tom wants Mary to stay.
Tom wants Mary to study harder.
Tom wants Mary to suffer for what she did to him.
Tom wants Mary to take the medication that the doctor told her to take.
Tom wants Mary to take the medication the doctor told her to take.
Tom wants Mary to think you're a little dangerous.
Tom wants Mary to use her imagination.
Tom wants Mary to walk his dog in the park.
Tom wants Mary to want him.
Tom wants Mary's approval.
Tom wants Mary's opinion.
Tom wants Mary.
Tom wants Oliver to learn how to box, but Mary thinks that it's too dangerous.
Tom wants Vladimir to be replaced by someone else.
Tom wants a French-English dictionary.
Tom wants a banana.
Tom wants a bath.
Tom wants a beer.
Tom wants a better life.
Tom wants a better percentage of the profits.
Tom wants a bicycle.
Tom wants a bigger discount.
Tom wants a bigger house.
Tom wants a bigger office.
Tom wants a bigger refrigerator.
Tom wants a bike.
Tom wants a book to read.
Tom wants a brandy.
Tom wants a car.
Tom wants a cat.
Tom wants a computer like yours.
Tom wants a computer small enough to easily carry.
Tom wants a cucumber sandwich.
Tom wants a dark brown coat.
Tom wants a detailed explanation.
Tom wants a different carpet.
Tom wants a divorce.
Tom wants a dog.
Tom wants a dozen eggs.
Tom wants a drink.
Tom wants a fair world for all good people.
Tom wants a fight.
Tom wants a fork.
Tom wants a full explanation.
Tom wants a full report by this time tomorrow.
Tom wants a girlfriend.
Tom wants a glass of water.
Tom wants a house with a big yard and a white picket fence.
Tom wants a job.
Tom wants a kiss.
Tom wants a large family.
Tom wants a lawyer.
Tom wants a lot of money.
Tom wants a male dog.
Tom wants a medium-size dog.
Tom wants a meeting with you.
Tom wants a microscope.
Tom wants a model train for Christmas.
Tom wants a motorboat.
Tom wants a motorcycle.
Tom wants a new bicycle.
Tom wants a new bike.
Tom wants a new car.
Tom wants a new cell phone.
Tom wants a new coat.
Tom wants a new desk.
Tom wants a new hat.
Tom wants a new phone.
Tom wants a new washing machine.
Tom wants a pair of black shoes.
Tom wants a peanut butter sandwich.
Tom wants a piano.
Tom wants a pony.
Tom wants a progress report right now.
Tom wants a promotion.
Tom wants a puppy.
Tom wants a rematch.
Tom wants a sandwich.
Tom wants a shot at that.
Tom wants a sled.
Tom wants a son.
Tom wants a telescope.
Tom wants a truce.
Tom wants a unicycle.
Tom wants a watch for his birthday.
Tom wants a watch like yours.
Tom wants a word with you.
Tom wants advice.
Tom wants all of us to be there.
Tom wants all the same things Mary does.
Tom wants all the same things Mary wants.
Tom wants all the same things that Mary does.
Tom wants all the same things that Mary wants.
Tom wants all these reports finished by 2:30.
Tom wants an answer.
Tom wants an apple.
Tom wants another chance.
Tom wants another slice of pizza.
Tom wants another slice of watermelon.
Tom wants answers and he wants them now.
Tom wants answers now.
Tom wants answers.
Tom wants attention.
Tom wants change.
Tom wants cheese.
Tom wants children, but Mary doesn't.
Tom wants children.
Tom wants chocolate fondue.
Tom wants coffee.
Tom wants custody of his son.
Tom wants desperately to believe that what Mary said is true.
Tom wants desperately to believe what Mary said is true.
Tom wants desperately to do the right thing.
Tom wants dessert.
Tom wants everybody to like him.
Tom wants everybody to pity him.
Tom wants everyone to follow the old ways.
Tom wants everyone to get out of here.
Tom wants everyone to have a great time.
Tom wants everyone to like him.
Tom wants everything here.
Tom wants everything just for himself.
Tom wants everything out in the open.
Tom wants evidence.
Tom wants fruit.
Tom wants full custody of the kids.
Tom wants help doing that.
Tom wants help.
Tom wants his blanket.
Tom wants his children to have a good education.
Tom wants his children to learn French.
Tom wants his children to learn to speak French.
Tom wants his daughter to get married.
Tom wants his father buried next to his mother.
Tom wants his father to buy him a pony.
Tom wants his food bland.
Tom wants his kids to become lawyers and doctors.
Tom wants his kids to become lawyers or doctors.
Tom wants his kids to go to private schools.
Tom wants his kids to learn French.
Tom wants his money back.
Tom wants his money today.
Tom wants his money.
Tom wants his mother properly cared for.
Tom wants his mother's approval.
Tom wants his parents to buy him a pony.
Tom wants his son to learn how to read French.
Tom wants his sons to work with him.
Tom wants his umbrella back.
Tom wants his wife to work in the store with him.
Tom wants ice cream.
Tom wants immediate results.
Tom wants information on how his stocks are doing.
Tom wants it for himself.
Tom wants it fresh.
Tom wants it now.
Tom wants it so bad.
Tom wants it to be a surprise.
Tom wants it to be done now.
Tom wants it to be easily accessible for everyone.
Tom wants it to be over.
Tom wants it.
Tom wants jelly beans.
Tom wants justice.
Tom wants kids, but Mary doesn't.
Tom wants kids.
Tom wants me back.
Tom wants me here.
Tom wants me on his team.
Tom wants me to apologize.
Tom wants me to be his girlfriend.
Tom wants me to be there.
Tom wants me to believe him.
Tom wants me to buy a suit to wear to that job interview.
Tom wants me to buy him a pony.
Tom wants me to call Mary and make it clear that he never wants to see her again.
Tom wants me to call him, but I don't think I will.
Tom wants me to coach Mary.
Tom wants me to coach him.
Tom wants me to come back to see him tomorrow.
Tom wants me to come back.
Tom wants me to come to Australia to help him set up a new business.
Tom wants me to come to Australia.
Tom wants me to come to Boston to help him set up a new business.
Tom wants me to come to Boston.
Tom wants me to cook dinner for Mary.
Tom wants me to cook dinner for him.
Tom wants me to do it.
Tom wants me to do that for Mary.
Tom wants me to do that for him.
Tom wants me to do that.
Tom wants me to do this now.
Tom wants me to do this.
Tom wants me to fix this for Mary.
Tom wants me to fix this for him.
Tom wants me to follow Mary.
Tom wants me to follow him.
Tom wants me to give him a loan.
Tom wants me to give him driving lessons.
Tom wants me to give him everything I have.
Tom wants me to give him everything I own.
Tom wants me to give him everything that I have.
Tom wants me to give him everything that I own.
Tom wants me to give him money to buy a harmonica.
Tom wants me to give him my old motorcycle.
Tom wants me to give him some advice on buying stocks.
Tom wants me to give him some space.
Tom wants me to give up.
Tom wants me to give you a message.
Tom wants me to go alone.
Tom wants me to go back to Australia.
Tom wants me to go back to Boston.
Tom wants me to go to Australia with Mary.
Tom wants me to go to Australia with him to visit Mary.
Tom wants me to go to Australia with him.
Tom wants me to go to Australia.
Tom wants me to go to Boston with Mary.
Tom wants me to go to Boston with him to visit Mary.
Tom wants me to go to Boston with him.
Tom wants me to go to another party after this one.
Tom wants me to go to night school.
Tom wants me to go to the dance with Mary.
Tom wants me to go to the dance with him.
Tom wants me to go with Mary.
Tom wants me to go with him to Australia.
Tom wants me to go with him to Boston.
Tom wants me to go with him.
Tom wants me to head over to his place.
Tom wants me to help Mary with her homework.
Tom wants me to help Mary.
Tom wants me to help him this afternoon.
Tom wants me to help him tomorrow.
Tom wants me to help him with his homework.
Tom wants me to help him.
Tom wants me to help you.
Tom wants me to join him.
Tom wants me to join his team.
Tom wants me to keep helping Mary in any way I can.
Tom wants me to kill this goat.
Tom wants me to leave, but I won't.
Tom wants me to leave.
Tom wants me to lie for him.
Tom wants me to meet him here.
Tom wants me to meet him later.
Tom wants me to move to Australia.
Tom wants me to move to Boston.
Tom wants me to open the window, so he can climb in.
Tom wants me to plan the wedding.
Tom wants me to play soccer with him.
Tom wants me to quit this job.
Tom wants me to see everything.
Tom wants me to show you how to do that.
Tom wants me to sing.
Tom wants me to stay away from Mary.
Tom wants me to stay away from him.
Tom wants me to stay away from you.
Tom wants me to stay for a couple of days.
Tom wants me to stay for a couple of weeks.
Tom wants me to stay here in Australia until Monday.
Tom wants me to stay here in Boston until Monday.
Tom wants me to stay in Australia until his birthday.
Tom wants me to stay in Boston until his birthday.
Tom wants me to stay, but I'm going to leave anyway.
Tom wants me to stay.
Tom wants me to stop talking to Mary.
Tom wants me to study French.
Tom wants me to take Mary to the party.
Tom wants me to take a picture of his new car.
Tom wants me to take his place.
Tom wants me to take responsibility for everything that went wrong.
Tom wants me to talk to Mary about her behavior.
Tom wants me to talk to Mary about that matter.
Tom wants me to talk to Mary about what needs to be done.
Tom wants me to talk to Mary.
Tom wants me to talk to them.
Tom wants me to tell Mary that she can't come here anymore.
Tom wants me to throw him a birthday party next Monday evening.
Tom wants me to try harder.
Tom wants me to tutor his son in math.
Tom wants me to wait for Mary.
Tom wants me to wait for him.
Tom wants me to wait until he gets here.
Tom wants me to work for him.
Tom wants me to work with Mary.
Tom wants me to work with him.
Tom wants me to write a birthday message to Mary.
Tom wants me.
Tom wants meat.
Tom wants money.
Tom wants more cake.
Tom wants more chocolate.
Tom wants more coffee.
Tom wants more details.
Tom wants more ice cream.
Tom wants more money than Mary.
Tom wants more money.
Tom wants more of it.
Tom wants more space.
Tom wants more than Mary.
Tom wants more than an apology.
Tom wants more than that.
Tom wants more time.
Tom wants more.
Tom wants much more.
Tom wants my help.
Tom wants my job.
Tom wants my telephone number.
Tom wants nothing to do with Mary.
Tom wants one of those a lot.
Tom wants one.
Tom wants only one cup of tea.
Tom wants our help.
Tom wants our report before lunch.
Tom wants out.
Tom wants peace.
Tom wants people to believe his story.
Tom wants people to know about that.
Tom wants people to pity him.
Tom wants people to stop asking so many questions.
Tom wants pepperoni on his pizza.
Tom wants popcorn.
Tom wants red wine.
Tom wants respect.
Tom wants results.
Tom wants revenge.
Tom wants riches and fame.
Tom wants so much to make Mary happy.
Tom wants some alone time.
Tom wants some cake, too.
Tom wants some cheese.
Tom wants some coffee.
Tom wants some ice cream, too.
Tom wants some ice cream.
Tom wants some information.
Tom wants some milk.
Tom wants some money.
Tom wants some more money.
Tom wants some more tea.
Tom wants some more.
Tom wants some privacy.
Tom wants some time to think about it.
Tom wants some water.
Tom wants somebody to help Mary.
Tom wants somebody to help him paint his house.
Tom wants somebody to help him.
Tom wants someone to close the window.
Tom wants someone to help Mary.
Tom wants someone to help him.
Tom wants someone to love him.
Tom wants something better than that.
Tom wants something cold to drink.
Tom wants something different.
Tom wants something else.
Tom wants something more.
Tom wants something new.
Tom wants something to do.
Tom wants something to drink.
Tom wants something to eat.
Tom wants something, but I don't know what.
Tom wants something, but I'm not sure what.
Tom wants spaghetti for lunch.
Tom wants sympathy.
Tom wants that apple so much he can hardly stand it.
Tom wants that dog.
Tom wants that right now.
Tom wants that to happen again.
Tom wants that to happen.
Tom wants that.
Tom wants the best working conditions for me.
Tom wants the best.
Tom wants the job.
Tom wants the money that you owe him.
Tom wants the money you owe him.
Tom wants the opportunity to prove himself.
Tom wants the rest of the money we owe him.
Tom wants the rest of the money you owe him.
Tom wants the same kind of dog that we have.
Tom wants the same kind of dog we have.
Tom wants the same thing Mary wants.
Tom wants the same thing to happen again.
Tom wants the same thing to happen here.
Tom wants the same thing you do.
Tom wants the same things Mary wants.
Tom wants them to suffer.
Tom wants them.
Tom wants things done his way.
Tom wants things done now.
Tom wants this back as soon as you're finished with it.
Tom wants this car.
Tom wants this dog.
Tom wants this one.
Tom wants this room spotless.
Tom wants this song to be played at his funeral.
Tom wants this.
Tom wants three hundred dollars for it.
Tom wants three of them.
Tom wants time.
Tom wants to achieve a better work–life balance.
Tom wants to apologize to Mary for doing that.
Tom wants to apologize to you.
Tom wants to apologize.
Tom wants to ask Mary for help.
Tom wants to ask Mary something.
Tom wants to ask Mary to do that.
Tom wants to ask Mary to help him.
Tom wants to ask us a few questions.
Tom wants to ask what Mary has been doing, but he knows he shouldn't.
Tom wants to ask what Mary has been doing, but he knows that he shouldn't.
Tom wants to ask you about your trip to Australia.
Tom wants to ask you about your trip to Boston.
Tom wants to ask you if you'll help him next weekend.
Tom wants to ask you some questions about French.
Tom wants to ask you some questions.
Tom wants to ask you to come over to dinner.
Tom wants to ask you why you weren't at the meeting last week.
Tom wants to attend an out-of-state college next year.
Tom wants to attend the party.
Tom wants to audition for that part.
Tom wants to avenge his brother's death.
Tom wants to avoid everything.
Tom wants to be Mary's friend.
Tom wants to be a French teacher.
Tom wants to be a PE teacher.
Tom wants to be a banker when he grows up.
Tom wants to be a baseball player.
Tom wants to be a better person.
Tom wants to be a better swimmer.
Tom wants to be a carpenter when he grows up.
Tom wants to be a carpenter, just like his dad.
Tom wants to be a carpenter, just like his father.
Tom wants to be a celebrity.
Tom wants to be a computer programmer.
Tom wants to be a dancer.
Tom wants to be a designer.
Tom wants to be a diplomat.
Tom wants to be a doctor when he grows up.
Tom wants to be a doctor, just like his dad.
Tom wants to be a doctor, just like his father.
Tom wants to be a doctor.
Tom wants to be a famous actor.
Tom wants to be a famous baseball player.
Tom wants to be a fancy person.
Tom wants to be a firefighter.
Tom wants to be a fireman.
Tom wants to be a garbage man when he grows up.
Tom wants to be a gym teacher.
Tom wants to be a hero.
Tom wants to be a hot anime girl, so he dresses like one.
Tom wants to be a karate practitioner.
Tom wants to be a kindergarten teacher.
Tom wants to be a lawyer.
Tom wants to be a lumberjack.
Tom wants to be a paramedic.
Tom wants to be a pharmacist.
Tom wants to be a phys ed teacher.
Tom wants to be a pilot.
Tom wants to be a policeman when he grows up.
Tom wants to be a pop star.
Tom wants to be a professional musician.
Tom wants to be a rock star.
Tom wants to be a simultaneous interpreter.
Tom wants to be a singer.
Tom wants to be a stuntman.
Tom wants to be a success.
Tom wants to be a successful architect.
Tom wants to be a surgeon.
Tom wants to be a tattoo artist.
Tom wants to be a teacher.
Tom wants to be a translator.
Tom wants to be a veterinarian.
Tom wants to be a volunteer so that he can help others.
Tom wants to be a winner.
Tom wants to be able to play the fiddle as well as Mary does.
Tom wants to be able to play the fiddle as well as Mary.
Tom wants to be able to speak French.
Tom wants to be admired.
Tom wants to be alone.
Tom wants to be an Air Force pilot.
Tom wants to be an artist.
Tom wants to be an astronaut.
Tom wants to be an electrical engineer.
Tom wants to be an engineer.
Tom wants to be appointed chairman.
Tom wants to be asked to do that again.
Tom wants to be at home.
Tom wants to be at today's meeting.
Tom wants to be careful not to use too much water. His well is almost dry.
Tom wants to be cooperative.
Tom wants to be different.
Tom wants to be done with it.
Tom wants to be excused from doing that.
Tom wants to be fair.
Tom wants to be famous.
Tom wants to be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom wants to be first.
Tom wants to be friends with Mary.
Tom wants to be gone by the time Mary gets here.
Tom wants to be happy again.
Tom wants to be here.
Tom wants to be hugged.
Tom wants to be impartial.
Tom wants to be in Australia next October.
Tom wants to be in Australia.
Tom wants to be in Boston next Monday.
Tom wants to be in Boston.
Tom wants to be in charge.
Tom wants to be included.
Tom wants to be last.
Tom wants to be left alone.
Tom wants to be like his father.
Tom wants to be like me.
Tom wants to be liked.
Tom wants to be loved and accepted by others.
Tom wants to be loved.
Tom wants to be married to Mary.
Tom wants to be more like Mary.
Tom wants to be near you.
Tom wants to be of service to others.
Tom wants to be on our team.
Tom wants to be one of the cool kids.
Tom wants to be paid for almost anything he does.
Tom wants to be popular at school.
Tom wants to be popular.
Tom wants to be prepared.
Tom wants to be really good.
Tom wants to be respected.
Tom wants to be rich.
Tom wants to be rude. So Mali stops talking to Tom.
Tom wants to be safe.
Tom wants to be strong.
Tom wants to be successful.
Tom wants to be supportive.
Tom wants to be taken seriously.
Tom wants to be the best person he possibly can be.
Tom wants to be the boss.
Tom wants to be the center of attention.
Tom wants to be the first human to step foot on Mars.
Tom wants to be the first one to do that.
Tom wants to be the first one to reach the summit.
Tom wants to be the last one to do that.
Tom wants to be the next one to do that.
Tom wants to be the winner.
Tom wants to be there tonight.
Tom wants to be treated like everyone else.
Tom wants to be useful.
Tom wants to be wanted.
Tom wants to be with Mary all the time.
Tom wants to be with Mary.
Tom wants to be with me.
Tom wants to be with us.
Tom wants to be your friend.
Tom wants to become a Canadian citizen.
Tom wants to become a Canadian.
Tom wants to become a French teacher.
Tom wants to become a Pokémon Master.
Tom wants to become a ballet dancer.
Tom wants to become a bus driver.
Tom wants to become a carpenter.
Tom wants to become a circus clown.
Tom wants to become a citizen.
Tom wants to become a designer.
Tom wants to become a diplomat.
Tom wants to become a doctor.
Tom wants to become a famous actor.
Tom wants to become a famous artist.
Tom wants to become a famous painter.
Tom wants to become a famous singer.
Tom wants to become a farmer.
Tom wants to become a fireman.
Tom wants to become a lawyer.
Tom wants to become a lumberjack.
Tom wants to become a mechanic.
Tom wants to become a movie star.
Tom wants to become a musician.
Tom wants to become a pediatrician.
Tom wants to become a pharmacist.
Tom wants to become a physical therapist.
Tom wants to become a pilot.
Tom wants to become a plastic surgeon.
Tom wants to become a politician.
Tom wants to become a priest.
Tom wants to become a rapper.
Tom wants to become a simultaneous interpreter.
Tom wants to become a singer or an actor.
Tom wants to become a surgeon.
Tom wants to become a teacher.
Tom wants to become a teaching assistant.
Tom wants to become a translator.
Tom wants to become a truck driver like his father.
Tom wants to become a trucker like his father.
Tom wants to become a trucker.
Tom wants to become a veterinarian.
Tom wants to become a voice actor.
Tom wants to become a welfare worker.
Tom wants to become an actor.
Tom wants to become an architect.
Tom wants to become an art teacher.
Tom wants to become an astronomer.
Tom wants to become an electrician.
Tom wants to become an interpreter.
Tom wants to become an orthodontist.
Tom wants to become famous.
Tom wants to become more independent.
Tom wants to become rich and famous.
Tom wants to become rich.
Tom wants to begin the process of making amends.
Tom wants to believe it can be done.
Tom wants to blame us.
Tom wants to borrow money from me again.
Tom wants to borrow my car tomorrow.
Tom wants to borrow my car.
Tom wants to borrow some money from you.
Tom wants to borrow some money.
Tom wants to borrow your car.
Tom wants to break Mary out of jail.
Tom wants to break up with Mary.
Tom wants to break up with me already.
Tom wants to bring dinosaurs back to life.
Tom wants to bring out the good in others.
Tom wants to build an ostentatious and smart house.
Tom wants to build another shed.
Tom wants to build his dream house.
Tom wants to build his own house.
Tom wants to buy Mary a birthday present.
Tom wants to buy Mary a fur coat.
Tom wants to buy Mary a gift.
Tom wants to buy Mary a present.
Tom wants to buy Mary some jewelry, but he's not sure what he should buy.
Tom wants to buy a French-English dictionary.
Tom wants to buy a Japanese car.
Tom wants to buy a bass guitar, but he doesn't have enough money.
Tom wants to buy a birthday present for Mary.
Tom wants to buy a boat, either a sailboat or a motorboat.
Tom wants to buy a boat.
Tom wants to buy a car, but he can't afford to.
Tom wants to buy a car.
Tom wants to buy a dictionary.
Tom wants to buy a dog.
Tom wants to buy a drone.
Tom wants to buy a few things.
Tom wants to buy a fishing boat.
Tom wants to buy a fur coat for Mary.
Tom wants to buy a gun, but I think he shouldn't.
Tom wants to buy a gun.
Tom wants to buy a house in Australia.
Tom wants to buy a house in Boston.
Tom wants to buy a house in this neighborhood.
Tom wants to buy a house with a garage.
Tom wants to buy a house with a pool.
Tom wants to buy a house.
Tom wants to buy a leather belt.
Tom wants to buy a motorcycle, but his parents won't let him.
Tom wants to buy a necklace for Mary.
Tom wants to buy a new bracelet.
Tom wants to buy a new car next year.
Tom wants to buy a new car.
Tom wants to buy a new motorcycle.
Tom wants to buy a new pair of shoes.
Tom wants to buy a new saxophone.
Tom wants to buy a new smartphone.
Tom wants to buy a new video game.
Tom wants to buy a pair of leather gloves.
Tom wants to buy a piano.
Tom wants to buy a pony for his son.
Tom wants to buy a present for Mary.
Tom wants to buy a small house on Park Street.
Tom wants to buy a snowmobile.
Tom wants to buy a sports car.
Tom wants to buy a tent and a sleeping bag.
Tom wants to buy a washing machine.
Tom wants to buy an RV.
Tom wants to buy an apartment in Boston.
Tom wants to buy an eight-track player to put in the car his grandmother gave him.
Tom wants to buy an expensive engagement ring for Mary.
Tom wants to buy another car.
Tom wants to buy himself a new bicycle.
Tom wants to buy himself a new motorcycle.
Tom wants to buy his son a pony.
Tom wants to buy my farm.
Tom wants to buy my old car.
Tom wants to buy my old saxophone that I'm not using anymore.
Tom wants to buy one of those.
Tom wants to buy our old car.
Tom wants to buy out his partner.
Tom wants to buy some books.
Tom wants to buy some jewelry for Mary, but he's not sure what he should buy.
Tom wants to buy some new clothes.
Tom wants to buy something else.
Tom wants to buy that painting, but I've already sold it to someone else.
Tom wants to buy your car.
Tom wants to call his lawyer.
Tom wants to call his uncle, but he can't seem to get a hold of him.
Tom wants to call off the marriage.
Tom wants to celebrate his birthday with Mary.
Tom wants to change all that.
Tom wants to change his job.
Tom wants to change his name.
Tom wants to change jobs.
Tom wants to change out of his wet clothes into something dry.
Tom wants to change society.
Tom wants to change that.
Tom wants to change the furniture.
Tom wants to change the world and make it better.
Tom wants to change the world.
Tom wants to change things.
Tom wants to change.
Tom wants to cheer Mary up.
Tom wants to climb Mt. Fuji.
Tom wants to come and see you.
Tom wants to come back to Australia.
Tom wants to come first.
Tom wants to come here tomorrow.
Tom wants to come home.
Tom wants to come over after work.
Tom wants to come to Australia with us.
Tom wants to come to Australia.
Tom wants to come to Boston with us.
Tom wants to come to Boston.
Tom wants to come to our party.
Tom wants to come to see us.
Tom wants to come tomorrow.
Tom wants to come with us to Australia.
Tom wants to come with us to Boston.
Tom wants to come with us.
Tom wants to come, too.
Tom wants to come.
Tom wants to compete again.
Tom wants to compete.
Tom wants to compromise.
Tom wants to continue studying French.
Tom wants to continue working for us.
Tom wants to continue working here.
Tom wants to contribute.
Tom wants to convince me that the Earth is flat, but I can't believe him.
Tom wants to cook for us.
Tom wants to cook today.
Tom wants to create his own cryptocurrency.
Tom wants to dance with Mary.
Tom wants to dance.
Tom wants to declutter his home.
Tom wants to die.
Tom wants to disappear.
Tom wants to discuss the problem with Mary.
Tom wants to do a good job.
Tom wants to do better.
Tom wants to do business with Mary.
Tom wants to do everything by himself.
Tom wants to do everything himself.
Tom wants to do his duty.
Tom wants to do his homework right now.
Tom wants to do it himself.
Tom wants to do it now.
Tom wants to do it right.
Tom wants to do it.
Tom wants to do more.
Tom wants to do something else.
Tom wants to do something new.
Tom wants to do something special for Mary's birthday.
Tom wants to do something special for Mary’s birthday.
Tom wants to do something.
Tom wants to do that after lunch.
Tom wants to do that again.
Tom wants to do that alone.
Tom wants to do that another way.
Tom wants to do that as badly as Mary does.
Tom wants to do that as much as you do.
Tom wants to do that before Mary gets here.
Tom wants to do that by himself.
Tom wants to do that for Mary.
Tom wants to do that here.
Tom wants to do that himself.
Tom wants to do that in Boston.
Tom wants to do that now.
Tom wants to do that on his own.
Tom wants to do that right now.
Tom wants to do that this morning.
Tom wants to do that today.
Tom wants to do that tomorrow.
Tom wants to do that tonight.
Tom wants to do that with Mary.
Tom wants to do that with me.
Tom wants to do that with us.
Tom wants to do that with you.
Tom wants to do that, and I don't blame him.
Tom wants to do that, but he doesn't know how.
Tom wants to do that, too.
Tom wants to do that.
Tom wants to do the job right.
Tom wants to do this somewhere else.
Tom wants to do this.
Tom wants to donate money.
Tom wants to donate.
Tom wants to drink a cup of coffee.
Tom wants to drink champagne.
Tom wants to drink something else.
Tom wants to drink.
Tom wants to drive a bus.
Tom wants to drive.
Tom wants to dye his hair pink.
Tom wants to dye his hair.
Tom wants to earn enough money to support his family.
Tom wants to eat Italian food for dinner.
Tom wants to eat Italian food today.
Tom wants to eat a peach.
Tom wants to eat at that restaurant.
Tom wants to eat early.
Tom wants to eat fried rice.
Tom wants to eat grapes.
Tom wants to eat here tonight.
Tom wants to eat ice cream.
Tom wants to eat lunch now.
Tom wants to eat noodles.
Tom wants to eat now.
Tom wants to eat pizza.
Tom wants to eat right now.
Tom wants to eat some apple pie.
Tom wants to eat some cranberries.
Tom wants to eat some ice cream.
Tom wants to eat something else.
Tom wants to eat spaghetti.
Tom wants to eat strawberries.
Tom wants to eat with us.
Tom wants to eat.
Tom wants to end this.
Tom wants to escape.
Tom wants to explain everything to Mary.
Tom wants to extend his lease.
Tom wants to extend his stay in Boston.
Tom wants to fail.
Tom wants to feed the birds in the park.
Tom wants to feel he's still in control.
Tom wants to feel important.
Tom wants to feel that he's still in control.
Tom wants to fight.
Tom wants to file a complaint.
Tom wants to find a less stressful job.
Tom wants to find a place to live close to the campus.
Tom wants to find a place to live close to where he works.
Tom wants to find a solution.
Tom wants to find an apartment close to where he works.
Tom wants to find another job.
Tom wants to finish doing what he's doing before he goes home.
Tom wants to finish doing what he's doing.
Tom wants to finish eating before he talks to anyone.
Tom wants to finish what he's doing before he goes home.
Tom wants to finish what he's doing.
Tom wants to fix that.
Tom wants to fly to Australia.
Tom wants to follow in his dad's footsteps.
Tom wants to follow in his father's footsteps.
Tom wants to forgive his father for abandoning him.
Tom wants to get Mary back.
Tom wants to get a chauffeur's license.
Tom wants to get a dog.
Tom wants to get a driver's license.
Tom wants to get a driving licence.
Tom wants to get a part-time job.
Tom wants to get a tattoo on his chest.
Tom wants to get back to Australia as soon as possible.
Tom wants to get back to Boston as soon as possible.
Tom wants to get better at French.
Tom wants to get close to the action.
Tom wants to get drunk.
Tom wants to get even with Mary.
Tom wants to get help for Mary.
Tom wants to get his GED.
Tom wants to get his driver's license as soon as he can.
Tom wants to get his driver's license.
Tom wants to get his nose pierced.
Tom wants to get his picture taken with Mary.
Tom wants to get home before dark.
Tom wants to get in touch with Mary.
Tom wants to get into politics.
Tom wants to get married again.
Tom wants to get married, but Mary doesn't.
Tom wants to get married, but not to Mary.
Tom wants to get married.
Tom wants to get out of here.
Tom wants to get out of prison.
Tom wants to get out of town.
Tom wants to get remarried.
Tom wants to get rich quick.
Tom wants to get rich quickly.
Tom wants to get rid of all these things.
Tom wants to get rid of all this stuff.
Tom wants to get rid of his accent.
Tom wants to get rid of his love handles.
Tom wants to get rid of his tattoos.
Tom wants to get somebody to do that for Mary.
Tom wants to get somebody to do that for him.
Tom wants to get someone to do that for Mary.
Tom wants to get someone to do that for him.
Tom wants to get to know Mary better.
Tom wants to get to know you.
Tom wants to give Mary something special on their anniversary.
Tom wants to give Mary this.
Tom wants to give an answer, but of course, he can't.
Tom wants to give his old car to Mary.
Tom wants to give it a try.
Tom wants to give this to Mary.
Tom wants to give up smoking beginning next month.
Tom wants to go abroad next year.
Tom wants to go abroad.
Tom wants to go alone.
Tom wants to go and I do, too.
Tom wants to go and live with his uncle.
Tom wants to go and see Mary.
Tom wants to go and see his father.
Tom wants to go and so do I.
Tom wants to go back home.
Tom wants to go back to Australia.
Tom wants to go back to Boston.
Tom wants to go back to college.
Tom wants to go back to sleep.
Tom wants to go by train.
Tom wants to go far away.
Tom wants to go for a ride.
Tom wants to go for a walk.
Tom wants to go from Europe to Australia.
Tom wants to go home now, but Mary wants to stay a little longer.
Tom wants to go home now.
Tom wants to go home, but he can't.
Tom wants to go home.
Tom wants to go hunting.
Tom wants to go job hunting.
Tom wants to go out because he's bored.
Tom wants to go out drinking tonight.
Tom wants to go out for a walk.
Tom wants to go out to get something to eat.
Tom wants to go out with Mary.
Tom wants to go outside.
Tom wants to go overseas.
Tom wants to go rowing.
Tom wants to go shopping with Mary.
Tom wants to go skiing with Mary.
Tom wants to go someplace new.
Tom wants to go somewhere else.
Tom wants to go swimming with us.
Tom wants to go swimming.
Tom wants to go there again.
Tom wants to go there by himself.
Tom wants to go there with us.
Tom wants to go there.
Tom wants to go through a few things with Mary.
Tom wants to go to Australia with me.
Tom wants to go to Australia with us.
Tom wants to go to Australia.
Tom wants to go to Boston with me.
Tom wants to go to Boston with us.
Tom wants to go to Boston.
Tom wants to go to Harvard.
Tom wants to go to Japan.
Tom wants to go to Kabylia.
Tom wants to go to Mary's party.
Tom wants to go to a good university.
Tom wants to go to bed right now.
Tom wants to go to bed.
Tom wants to go to church.
Tom wants to go to college, but he can't afford to.
Tom wants to go to college.
Tom wants to go to grad school.
Tom wants to go to graduate school.
Tom wants to go to the bathroom.
Tom wants to go to the beach with us.
Tom wants to go to the beach.
Tom wants to go to the concert, but he doesn't have a ticket.
Tom wants to go to the lake with us.
Tom wants to go to the lake.
Tom wants to go to the movies.
Tom wants to go to the party.
Tom wants to go vegan.
Tom wants to go with Mary.
Tom wants to go with us.
Tom wants to go with you.
Tom wants to go, but he can't.
Tom wants to go, too.
Tom wants to go.
Tom wants to graduate early.
Tom wants to graduate from college before he turns 24 years old.
Tom wants to graduate from university before he's twenty-four.
Tom wants to grow a beard, but his wife doesn't want him to.
Tom wants to grow a beard, but his wife won't let him.
Tom wants to grow a beard.
Tom wants to hang a picture on the wall.
Tom wants to have a daughter.
Tom wants to have a meeting with you.
Tom wants to have a nice body to impress girls at the beach.
Tom wants to have a quick word with you.
Tom wants to have a stable income.
Tom wants to have a talk with Mary.
Tom wants to have a word with you.
Tom wants to have another baby, but Mary doesn't.
Tom wants to have another daughter.
Tom wants to have his cake and eat it too.
Tom wants to have his cake and eat it, too.
Tom wants to have his car painted blue.
Tom wants to have his own house.
Tom wants to have his picture taken with Mary.
Tom wants to have lunch with me today.
Tom wants to have nothing further to do with you.
Tom wants to have some fun.
Tom wants to have the same kind of dog as we have.
Tom wants to hear both sides of the story.
Tom wants to hear from you.
Tom wants to hear us sing.
Tom wants to help Mary do that.
Tom wants to help Mary.
Tom wants to help his parents.
Tom wants to help others.
Tom wants to help out.
Tom wants to help us.
Tom wants to help you do that.
Tom wants to help you.
Tom wants to help, but he says he's too busy.
Tom wants to help, but isn't exactly sure how.
Tom wants to help, but obviously can't.
Tom wants to help.
Tom wants to hire a maid.
Tom wants to hire a new secretary.
Tom wants to hug Mary.
Tom wants to hurt Mary.
